


Living with Spies

by

Samantha David








Living with Spies
Samantha David


Copyright 2014 by Samantha David
Smashwords Edition


This book was edited by Amanda Ellerton




Discover other titles by this author:
I Married a Pirate
In the Doghouse





Smashwords License Statement
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





For Letty and Milly-Moll

Table of Contents

Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
More Titles by Samantha David
Chapter One of I Married a Pirate
Chapter One of In the Doghouse
About Samantha David
Connect with Samantha David
PROLOGUE



Driving back from the Dutch coast, Suzie glanced in the mirror. The kids were both asleep, Judy’s hair wind-tangled and salty, Ricky’s jeans covered in sand, their faces flushed and rosy from a day at the beach.
In the fading light, she glanced at Lyndon, in the passenger seat beside her, and was surprised to see that he was asleep too. Most unusual for him. He normally stayed wide-awake, squinting at the road ahead, trying hard not to stamp on the floor at every corner. Still, he looked tired, and she didn’t mind him sleeping. In fact she rather liked it. It was peaceful, being alone with her thoughts in the warm, comfortable car with the engine whirring cosily, and the headlights picking out the road signs. She watched for signs showing that they were crossing the border into Belgium. It wasn’t always easy to spot, without barriers, customs, frontier posts. 
Letting her mind relax, Suzie slipped effortlessly into an imaginary world. Suzie, the boring, efficient, middle-aged wife and mother didn't exist any more; Blanche Dubois, international spy and woman of mystery, had taken her place and in the dark she smiled and glanced at her hands on the steering wheel, the long sensitive fingers relishing the texture of the plastic casing, scarlet nails glinting in the dark, the palms flexing gently, alert and ready for any emergency... 
Suzie straightened her spine. Blanche, she told herself, was sitting almost upright in the driver’s seat. Chin down, shoulders back, her eyes were flicking rapidly from the road to the mirror, the long sweep of her lashes casting a perfect shadow on her smooth cheek and her small pink tongue just caressing the edge of her beautifully painted mouth. 
She knew that in spite of the colossal risks they were all running, she had to look relaxed, had to convince her passengers that the danger was past, had to persuade any watchers that she was just another driver, just another tourist... and she did it beautifully. Driving with ease and skill, one elbow resting on the edge of the closed window, the other hand lightly caressing the top of the gear stick, she flicked her hair off her face and yawned elaborately. Yet despite the relaxed exterior, she was tense and alert, ready for action. 
Each time the car slid under the dark shadow of a motorway bridge, she braced herself for the flash of a revolver or a camera. The muscles at the corners of her eyes twitched; she scanned the silent, empty fields, and kept an eye on the road peeling away behind the car. There was no-one in sight.
Reaching for a box of cough sweets, Suzie held them up to her ear. She flicked a glance at her passengers but they were all still fast asleep. 
"Calling HQ," she said in a low urgent voice. "Calling HQ! Yes, Agent Dubois here, sir. Proceeding as planned. Code B. Guns are loaded. Yes, sir! Wilco, over and out." Replacing the cough sweets, she did a double take. Out of the corner of her eye she thought she saw Lyndon smile. Was that a faint laugh? Was he awake after all, secretly watching her? Flushing, she glanced over at him but no, his head lolled peacefully against the window. "Lyn?" she whispered loudly, "Lyn?" But he didn't reply. His mouth slightly open, his eyes peacefully closed, he was fast asleep. Suzie smiled and went back to her fantasy.
"A-OK," she breathed. "All systems are go." She nodded and checked the dashboard. Everything normal, all gauges and dials green. The digital clock showed that she was on schedule. Her attention shifted back to the road ahead. Her eyes still constantly searching for every possible shred of cover, she kept the car speeding steadily towards the frontier.
Blanche had been working this run for years; driving agents through enemy territory, watching for machine guns mounted on pick up trucks, taking the quickest route across the border. She was used to being the last resort, of being the only way through, of being a woman talking, preening her hair, acting naturally. 
Oh yes, Suzie told herself, Blanche Dubois was a driver for the government. Mostly night work, ferrying anonymous men through the small hours from interrogation centres or discrete nightclubs to safe houses and sometimes to disused airfields. That sort of thing. Sometimes clients sat in the passenger seat and Blanche pretended to be their secretary, mistress or gaoler. Other times they sat in the back and she was just the chauffeur, acting deaf, blind and dumb, although she had long ago discovered how to memorise conversations that officially didn’t even exist. 
Blanche, Suzie told herself with satisfaction, is an expert driver. She can carve her way through the Brussels traffic without anyone even noticing her presence, let alone hooting aggressively or following her along the Avenue de Tervueren at 8am, flashing their lights and shouting when she’s only trying to get the kids to school on time.
Not that she has any kids at all. Not even one. She doesn’t even want any. That whole hormone trap just didn't attract her at all. Oh no. Years ago, faced with the spectre of pregnancy and childbirth, she ran hotfoot into the comforting arms of her career. That’s how she kept her rock-hard concave stomach and her sanity. And passed her advanced driving test, of course. 
Suzie narrowed her eyes, keeping them peeled for enemy agents in the Belgian countryside.  
Blanche knows how to do a handbrake turn, she told herself. Blanche says it’s easy once you know how. You just spin the power steering into full lock while simultaneously hauling on the handbrake in order to avoid being followed by sinister agents or watchers - if that ever happens on the way to junior ballet.
Or at least, when Blanche is working under-cover or er, body-guarding an Arabian oil princess whose daughter just happens to be taking junior tap lessons at the BSB in Tervueren. Or when she’s just pretending to take someone to junior ballet - because Blanche doesn’t actually have to taxi kids around to dance lessons, private coaching, tea parties, sleepovers, pony-clubs, football matches or school play rehearsals. Oh no, not Blanche.
Suzie licked her lips slowly. 
Blanche was a woman of steel nerves and extraordinary driving skills, a woman with reactions so fast that she could swerve to avoid a bullet. If she had to.
But nothing troubled her that Sunday. Her hands, like lilies waving their heads on her delicate wrists, moved lightly over the controls, just as her narrow, finely arched feet stepped lightly over the pedals. She steadied the suspension round sharp corners, kept the tyres intact over the hostile nails at the Dutch-Belgian border, steered the vehicle safely through the enemy lines and right onto the ring road before she truly relaxed. All was secure, all threats left behind, no danger lurked under the orange streetlights of Brussels.
In the passenger seat, Lyndon yawned in the sudden light and blinked out of the window.
"Sorry," he said. "I didn’t mean to go to sleep."
"I’ll hand this over to you now," whispered Blanche urgently, and Suzie pulled herself together. When she looked down at her hands on the steering wheel, they were her own; her own short fingers, neatly clipped nails, slightly wrinkled skin, plain wedding band. She was just ordinary Suzie Lysle, driving her sleeping family home after a day out at the coast.
"Don’t worry," she chirped. "Nearly home."
CHAPTER ONE



"Hang on a minute," said Suzie, shifting the phone to her other ear. "The kids are playing up again." She put her hand over the receiver. "Petya!" she called over the din. "Pe-t-ya! I’m on the phone!" She walked into the sitting room and kicked the door shut, drowning out at least some of the racket from the kitchen. "Sorry about that, Barbara. I’ve already had a word with her today..."
"Poor cow!"
"Yes, I know, and I’m very sympathetic but I don’t pay her to let my kids scream the house down while she makes long emotional phone calls in Moldavian and hangs out of the window smoking Gauloises."
"Homesick, is she?" 
"Boyfriend trouble... She says her Panti's let her down."
"Her what?"
"The boyfriend. He's called Panti. Always seems to be slipping up," said Suzie succumbing to a fit of giggles. She pulled herself together quickly. "But listen, I didn’t phone about Petya. I want your advice about this wretched Halloween bash. I’m going to need an entertainer..."
"Left it a bit late, haven’t you?"
"Yes, I know. That’s the point," said Suzie, tucking the phone under her chin and picking up a biro. "I can't find anyone..."
"Hang on," said Barbara, "I’ve got my little black book here, let me have a look. Where's it gone? All I've got here is gigolos and late night bars, call girls and bad men..."
"Who are you kidding?" snapped Suzie. "Emergency paediatricians and homework clubs are nearer the mark. Now stop mucking about, this is a serious crisis."
"All these hot young men just drooling for my body!"
"Come on, Barbara. Tell me who to book. Have you got a children's entertainer or not?"
"Yep, got it. A whole page of them. What do you want? Animals made out of balloons, magic tricks, performing rabbits, singing telegrams?"
"At this stage anything will do. Just don't talk to me about Rudi the Red-Nosed Reindeer Smuggler. Apparently he's so obscene he even made Madeline's little thugs blush."
"No! Really? How? Why? I want all the details!"
"Just tell me who to ring."
"Marvo."
"Why?"
"Even Penelope couldn’t find fault with him."
"You’re a star. What's his number?"
Hanging up, Suzie dialled Marvo and gave herself a perky Doris Day smile in the ornate mirror over the mantelpiece. She already had the blonde hair and the blue eyes; all she needed was a cute pinny and she would practically be Doris Day; the perfect wife and mother.
She twinkled her pretty nails and gave her reflection an energetic wink. "Doris Day plays Suzie Lysle," she thought. "Pretty, blonde and efficient with rosy lips and a cute snub nose!" And, there smiling out of a silver photograph frame on the mantelpiece was Rock Hudson playing Lyndon Lysle, the perfect husband and father - tall, handsome and serious. He almost had a glittery twinkle on his top right tooth, he was so perfect. 
Through the double doors in the large bright kitchen (featuring American yellow paint and plenty of clean sunlight) were their two beautiful children, Judy and Ricky, playing happily with their affectionate Moldavian au pair.
"A place for everything and everything in the right place!" she sang in a corny American accent.
"Allo?" said Marvo. "Madame?"
Suzie gave herself a shake, held the phone closer, and concentrated on persuading him to accept a booking at such short notice. Not that it was exactly rocket science; they could afford to bribe dozens of party magicians if necessary. Suzie agreed to his most extortionate terms, thanked him profusely, hung up and congratulated herself. Girl done good.
Lapsing back into Doris Day on her way back to the kitchen, she plumped and arranged the designer sofa cushions, pulled the fringes of a handmade rug into place with her toe, and straightened the glossy coffee table books. What a pretty sitting room. What a well-kept house. Double fronted, solid Victorian brick, ornamented with restrained stucco detailing, featuring stained glass over the double front doors (oak with brass fittings). She ought to check for laundry.
"Mommy!" called Judy running in and flinging her arms round her legs. "Mommy, can we make Jackie now? Please!"
Suzie gazed at the ceiling. Halloween. Super! Must organise the party, hang the orange pumpkin lights over the enormous front door, bully the caterers. She swung Judy up onto her hip and went into the kitchen, rolling her eyes at Petya.
"Okay, we need aprons and spoons! You put the pumpkin on the table, Ricky, and don’t drop it! Petya can you find the grapefruit knife?"
"Great froot. Is like what?"
"Oh. Well, I’ll do it. Perhaps if you just get some bowls out, and newspaper. I’ll find some knives." With minimum fuss, she organised them all round the scrubbed pine kitchen table and got started. No point in wasting time. She pushed a long wicked Sabatier into the top of the pumpkin and cut the top out, chamfering it neatly all round so it would fit back into the finished lantern instead of falling right through and putting the tea lights out.
"Look Petya," she said, giving her a soupspoon, "you have to scoop all the seeds and stringy bits out."
Having got the pumpkin hollowing party started, she trotted down to the basement - a double garage and half a dozen diminutive rooms where she did laundry, stored bicycles, kept supplies for the kitchen and thrust unwanted presents out of sight.
She stood by the washing machine in the comfortable earthy mess and looked around. What was she doing? Laundry. Yes. Get a basket. Walk up the stairs. Collect the dead socks and knickers. Bring them downstairs. Wash them all. That's right. No time to waste. Chip chop. Up the stairs, seek out those dry coffee cups, forgotten jumpers, and grubby newspapers. Up to the ground floor, quick glance into the sitting room, formal dining room, downstairs cloakroom, kitchen, all's well. Up four more flights past a whole series of generous-sized bedrooms and bathrooms to the attic floor where the kids had their rec room. Playful posters and expensive Ikea, not the cheap stuff aimed at students. Scoop up crummy t-shirts. The laundry basket on her hip already half full, down again to the next floor to the bedrooms and Petya's bathroom, down again for more bedroom checks and finally a quick zoom round the first floor. 
She collected three coffee mugs from her sewing room, scooped up a stray pair of stiff socks from their sprawling bedroom, grabbed the towels from their bathroom and, pushing the door open with her shoulder, inspected Lyndon's study. All clear? No cups, no dead toast? 
Nothing. The room was as tidy and clean as always. Lyndon didn't make messes or leave things out of order. He liked things neatly filed, preferably in alphabetical order. Even his ties on the tie rack were in an orderly rainbow row. Lyndon was a quiet, reliable, home-loving man, beautifully domesticated and well behaved. Suzie was lucky to have a husband like him. 
Suddenly the doorbell rang. No point in hanging around in Lyndon's study getting sentimental. "I'll get it," she called, as she ran downstairs, the full laundry basket still on her hip. She bounced down the last few stairs, snatched the door open and was surprised to see a deliveryman with a padded envelope in one hand.
"Mrs Lysle?" he said, and she nodded, craning to see the sender's name. "Sign here," he said proffering a sticky tablet. "Use the pad of your index finger." Pulling a face, she signed on the screen. There didn't seem to be a sender's name. How weird, she thought, taking the package and turning it over. "Hey!" she called, but the driver was already climbing back into his van, and what was the point of making a big noisy fuss for the neighbours to enjoy?
She closed the door, put the basket down on the hall table, and opened the package. Inside was a mobile phone. Nothing else. Just a charger and a phone. Not even a nice one, just a crappy old fold-up one. And by the looks of it, it wasn't even new.
She flipped it open to see if it worked and a little envelope icon flashed on the welcome screen. She clicked through to the messages: "This phone is only to be used when contacting Agent B." She blinked and read it again. What? Who would send her such a random item? No one. Except perhaps Lyndon. 
Her eyes alight with amusement, she went back upstairs to his study looking for clues. Any stray papers? Any weirdness? The desk? Fingerprints? The computer? The cupboard? What about the bin? It would take her all day to search the whole room. It would even take Doris Day an hour. Only a professional spy could search it in seconds.
In her imagination, Suzie saw Blanche walking towards her through the mist, her perilously high heels making no noise on the rain-soaked tarmac, the belt of her trench coat pulled tight, the collar turned up, her beret tilted down over one eye. Blanche Dubois, international woman of mystery, WWII spy, Parisian sex-symbol and global adventurer stood in the rain-soaked shadows, awaiting orders - and suddenly Suzie didn't give a toss about the laundry. The temptation to give herself over to fantasy was irresistible. 
"Agent Dubois!" she murmured, "I’m putting you on the case!" 
Blanche lifted her head and ran her tongue slowly over her glossy lips. Time to use her training.
"Your mission is to follow and report back," said Suzie. "Watch the man! Every step he takes, be in his footprints. Is that understood?"
Blanche nodded. "I will do whatever ees necessary," she breathed. She narrowed her beautiful eyes and reached for the phone with long, sensitive fingers. Her nostrils twitched at the smell of intended seduction. She smiled cynically, her scarlet nails glinting in the late afternoon sunshine, alert and ready for action. Failure would not be tolerated. The mission had been classified priority red, she would be issued with weapons and supporting information PDQ. 
PDQ, not even ASAP, thought Suzie joyfully. The guy must be a VIP. She almost laughed out loud, but swallowed it quickly. Petya would think she'd finally flipped if she found her employer laughing hysterically in an empty room. Warning herself to keep the noise down, she went back to her daydream. 
"Je m’en occupe," Blanche said softly, her nails digging into her palms. "Je m'en occupe." And her voice sounded like the tide rushing up the beach: "Yes, yes, yes, just leave everything to me." Her dark hair caressing the fine skin of her cheek, silently and swiftly, she went through Lyndon's waste basket, taking the papers out in layers, carefully sorting through them in the order in which they were discarded so that she could replace them without betraying her presence. Empty envelopes, junk mail, till receipts from the newsagent, a few sweet wrappers, some child scribble... 
Blanche gave a sexy pout: she didn’t have much time. Her heartbeat accelerated and she ran the tip of her tongue over her top lip. Her eyes sparkled and her mouth curved into a secret smile. She wondered if the bin were booby-trapped but shook her head. Ridiculous. Not with ze children in ze house. 
Her fingers working deftly, she re-constructed the contents of the waste paper bin, and re-inserted it skilfully into the flattened carpet-circle beside the desk. She scanned the surface of the polished wooden desk. An antique Wedgwood cache-pot containing pens, a shallow Chinese dish full of stamps, paperclips, a pencil sharpener, a rubber, a pen top, a miniature china cat from a Christmas cracker, and the computer screen, which was pushed way back towards the corner of the desk. 
Oblivious to anything except the joy of being an amoral spy who had not the slightest scruple about going through someone else's belongings, Suzie pulled a face. What could she use to obscure her prints? What was this in the laundry basket? She slipped a small sock, crusty with child sweat, over one of her hands and slowly, one by one, opened the drawers on either side of the desk. She gazed at the contents of each one, reluctant to touch anything un-necessarily. 
Nothing. Blank paper in one, household accounts and bills in another, envelopes in a third, a diary on the other side. She took it out and flicked through the pages, but it was completely blank. "Zut," she muttered in a heavy French accent. Ze invisible ink. She’d have to come back with her revealing kit. (In Suzy's imaginary world, all spies had revealing kits.) Her x-ray vision scanned the desk. It was clear. Just a shallow central drawer, which was locked. Where was the key? In the Chinese dish, perhaps? Non. Mer-de. That also she would have to leave. She didn’t have time to break into it now. 
And what is this? A series of letters. Her eyebrows arched like caterpillars in the sun. The man had been married for fifteen years, and he still kept letters from his wife? Mignon...
"Mommy!" yelled a girl’s voice. 
Real life calling. Suzie winced. 
"Mom!" yelled a boy’s voice. "Mom!"
"Mommy!" screamed Judy from the kitchen. Guilt flooding her body, Suzie hurriedly dropped the letters back into the drawer, stuffed the padded envelope in to the bin, dragged the unsavoury sock off her fist, chucked it into the laundry basket and ran downstairs with the mystery phone in the back pocket of her jeans. If something had happened while she was messing about daydreaming, if one of the kids had hurt themselves... 
But in the kitchen nobody had actually died. Judy was sobbing on Petya’s lap and Ricky was staring out of the patio doors, his back rigid with anger. Clutching Judy, Petya was clucking in Moldavian. The floor was covered in bits of pumpkin and various knives and spoons were lying about on the table along with the half-hollowed Jack-o-lantern and a bag of tea lights. The place was a mess. Every tailor-made pine cupboard door was open, the work surfaces and machinery were all covered in pumpkin splash, and the double sink was filled with seeds. 
Suzie knew it was all her fault; she should have stayed downstairs supervising instead of bunking off and playing make-believe. Kicking herself, she went straight into perfect parent mode. "What’s the problem?" she asked brightly, knowing already that the kids had started arguing because digging flesh out of a pumpkin is boring after the first five minutes and unless it’s seriously tiny it takes hours to hollow one out enough to make it glow when it’s lit up.
"She’s just a stoopid little kid!" exploded Ricky.
"He’s always mean to me!" sobbed Judy simultaneously.
"I try to stop them..." apologised Petya.
"He threw the lid at me!" whined Judy.
"She’s only broken the pumpkin!" yelled Ricky. "I hate her, she’s so stoopid and..."
"All right, Ricky," said Suzie with a nice shiny smile. "I think we get the message. Come here, Judy. That’s right, baby, you come to Mommy while Petya gets some ice cream out. Ricky, come here, so I can give you a kiss. You’re my big handsome boy. There, Mommy loves you. Now both of you, be quiet and I’ll show you something magic. Okay?"
Ricky wasn’t impressed, but Judy brightened at once. "What, Mommy, what you gonna do?"
"Just you wait and see, my little sugar bun."
Suzie winked at Petya, scooped Judy onto a chair at the table and turned her attention to the pumpkin. It was pretty battered, a large chunk having fallen out of the bottom of it and the rest leaning drunkenly to one side as a result of having been inexpertly and over-enthusiastically eviscerated.
"Hocus, pocus," she said, waving her hands all over the place. "Focus, mocus, er... rocus, docus, forcus, morcus..." She rolled her eyes crazily at Ricky. "Fiddle-dee-dee and ricky-me-ree... sha-bang!" She whizzed her hands at the wrecked pumpkin and waited wide-eyed for the magic which was never going to happen. She crossed her eyes in frustration and sure enough, Ricky started to laugh, and Judy joined in. 
"Whoops," she grinned. "I must have gone wrong somewhere. Perhaps we’ll try the stapler-method, shall we?"
"Mo-om..." said Ricky, shaking his head. "You are a..."
"I know, darling," she said. "Now, you guys eat your ice cream up. Ricky, don’t take forever because you have to go to your lesson soon. Petya, can you put the kettle on for tea, please? Now you two, you just sit there and don’t say a word. I’m going to find a stapler and I do not want you to start arguing again the minute my back is turned."
Abandoning all thoughts of Blanche, she ran upstairs two at a time to the first floor and dashed into Lyndon’s study. Hearing raised voices from below, she rifled hurriedly through the desk drawers, found the stapler and dashed downstairs again.
"Suzie? You having soogar in tea?" called Petya, hearing her pounding down the stairs.
"Everything. Give me milk, give me sugar, give me sunshine! Come on, you guys, let’s get this sorted."
Firmly locked into being the world's best Mom, Suzie shoved her hair behind her ears and picked up her tea. She was showing Petya how to scoop round the pumpkin in circular swirls when Barbara rang back.
"Sorry," said Suzie, tucking the receiver under her chin. "Chaos here. We’re making the Jack-o-lantern."
"Messy?"
"Pips and string all over the place. Nightmare."
"Me too. Mikey’s got his mates round... I’ve already had to glue it up twice..."
"Glue? Oh. I hadn’t thought of that. I used staples..."
"Bloody hell, Suze! We should have bought them ready hollowed out..."
Suzie cracked up. "Can you really get them ready made?"
"This is Brussels, kid. They’ve got everything here for the mother who can’t be bothered..."
"What with the teeth cut out and everything?"
"Yep."
"And delivered?"
"You got it."
"Hell’s bells, I wish I’d known! Pet-ya! Hang on a minute, Barbara. Petya, can you take that knife away from Judy, please? Look, I’m going to have to go, Barbara. Yes, the Halloween bash is on. That means you do Thanksgiving, okay? You'd better! Well, that's what we get for marrying Yanks! Yes, I booked him. No... cash. Saturday afternoon, that’s right. I’ll ring you back. Honestly! Your brain’s like a sewer! Gotta go. Yes, I’ve booked Funny Face; they catered Anoushka’s party. I’ll ring you back."
It took another hour to finish making the Jack-o-lantern because Suzie had to keep pretending that the children were helping, which they weren’t. They just took turns in making the mining more difficult. Still, between them Petya and Suzie managed to get Jack’s bottom stapled up, his face hollowed out, and his features carved out of the skin. They then triumphantly installed a trio of tea lights inside his enormous thick skull and placed him, brilliantly illuminated, in one of the bay windows facing onto the street. The children thought he was there to scare away witches, but Suzie knew that his main purpose was to prove to the desiccated and disapproving couple opposite that they were a conventional, child-centric household. Very respectable.
"There, perfect!" said Suzie standing back proudly.
"Pretty ace," said Ricky with reluctant admiration. "Great froot," said Petya.
"Teacher said we mussen throw the fruit away," said Judy. "Because of the blanket people."
"She means starving Africans," Suzie told Petya as they all trooped back into the kitchen.
"We have to make soup with it," continued Judy.
"What, for the Africans?" said Ricky scornfully. "Like, hello. Africans don’t eat soup, Jude."
"They do too!"
"They don't!"
"Jolly good," interrupted Suzie, "because now we’re going make pumpkin pie!"
"Not with that," said Petya, eyeing Jack’s discoloured and mangled innards with distaste. 
"No, no, with this," Suzie grinned, whipping a shrink-wrapped tray of pumpkin cubes out of her enormous American fridge. "Now, first we defrost the pastry..."
"But Mommy..."
"No, we aren’t going to make it by hand, Judy."
"Why, Mommy?" You know..."
"Because I’m not your clever teacher, Judy, that’s why. I’m just an ordinary Mommy, and I don’t have time for making pastry because I have other things to do like tickling cheeky monkeys who ask too many questions. Now, Petya, could you have a go at the ironing, please? There’s a huge pile of it in the basement. Don't forget the basket. It's on that chair. Yes, I did the rounds earlier."
The rest of the afternoon disappeared in the usual haze of fielding phone calls, organising child activities, cleaning messes, cooking, clearing, tidying, fetching, carrying, supervising child-tea, sending cash to Marvo by courier, driving Ricky to his drum lesson, collecting him, packing Petya out for the evening, and attempting to keep the kitchen at least clear enough to cook a civilised supper for Lyndon.
He walked through the door at precisely ten past six - as he had said he would that morning. 
"Honey, I'm home," he called.
In fifteen years, he'd never once been late home from work. Whether he said he'd be back at 5, or 6, or 21 minutes past five, six, seven or eight, he was always on time. "I’ll be right down!" he called again, swinging his coat over the banisters and dropping his car keys into the dish on the polished oak table in the hall.
Suzie listened to him thumping upstairs to throw off his formal suit and pull on a comfortable pair of jeans, and wondered whether he really had sent her a dodgy mobile. Blanche'll sort him out, she told herself, she'll track him down. She hunched one shoulder and pouted at her reflection in the microwave door. "I am ze femme fatale," she whispered in a husky French accent. "And I 'ave my eye on you!"
"How was your day, Hon?" said Lyndon, coming into the kitchen behind her. Blushing, Suzie snapped upright and hit her head on the open cupboard door. Bright red, she span round on tiptoe so she could peck him on the cheek. "Fine, Hon," she said loudly. 
He kissed her forehead automatically and continued without missing a beat towards the fridge. He swung one of the double doors open and inspected the contents. "We got any choci-crocs, Hon?"
"Under the cheese. In the plastic wrapper."
"Great." Grabbing the whole bag along with an outsized American carton of milk, Lyndon nudged the door of the fridge shut with his foot, dumped his fridge haul onto the breakfast bar and picked up a magnetic letter from the floor. With a little flick of his wrist, he tossed it expertly at the fridge door where it not only landed flat but stayed in place.
"How do you do that?" asked Suzie. "I’ve tried and tried, but they just bounce off."
"Target practice," he said, pointing an imaginary gun at the fruit bowl and pulling the trigger. "Bulls-eye." 
Bulls-eye? Could he really shoot a gun? She was about to ask Blanche to check it out, but then quickly pulled herself together. "So," she said, "how was your day? Did you do anything... interesting? By any chance?"
He smiled and raised one eyebrow. "Now why would you ask me that?" he replied.
In the sudden silence, Suzie blushed. What a daft question. Her eyes narrowed. Was one side of Lyndon's mouth twitching? Were his eyes glinting with amusement as he gazed at her? 
"Well, I don't know what you get up to," she muttered, and managed to shrug as she turned away.
"Mmm, could be anything," he agreed smoothly. "I could have taken a Jayne Russell look-alike to lunch and spent the afternoon buying her second-hand technology I guess."
"And did you?"
"Ah well, that's for me to know and you to find out."
"I might surprise you one of these days," she retorted. "You don't know, I might be anyone while you're at work. I might be a spy, like you."
"Yeah. I wish. What's cooking?" asked Lyndon.
Suzie stared at him. What did he mean?
"Or are we not eating this evening?"
"Salmon, green salad, new potatoes," she muttered, watching him pour milk into a glass. Reliable and home loving. Laughter lines around his eyes. Tall, well built, handsome - and inscrutable.
"Kids had supper, Hon?"
"Yup," she nodded, and he took his milk into the sitting room where he settled himself on the sofa and Judy climbed up his long legs onto his lap.
Suzie put some marble-sized, pre-washed potatoes in water to boil, got the salmon out of the fridge and started shaking mixed salad into a wooden bowl. She spread butter over the fish and shoved it under the grill. Then she reached for her handbag, grovelled for a lipstick, screwed it up, brushed a small piece of grit away, and applied a generous coat.
Rubbing her lips together and pouting, she got the salad dressing and a bottle of white wine out of the fridge and checked her reflection in the glossy steel side of the American toaster. She looked weird. Not like a French spy at all. She snatched a square of kitchen towel off the roll and wiped her mouth clean. Time to start getting the kids upstairs.
"Bedtime!" she called. "Come on, you guys! Now! I'm turning the bath on!"
"I’ll bring them up, hon!"
The house was a tooth in an untidy crescent of early 19th century Brussels mansions which had been constructed pell-mell and were all slightly different. Suzie’s sister said that the whole street gave her architectural indigestion, but then in Suzie's opinion, Julia was a philistine so she would say that. Julia was also the only person Suzie knew who would have entertained the idea of attempting to eat an entire terrace of houses - indigestion or not.
Suzie thought the street was pretty, although given the choice she’d have preferred a modern home with lower ceilings, fewer stairs, and a front garden. Up in the kids' bathroom on the second floor, she turned the water on and added a slurp of bubble bath. 
They could easily have found a newer place only twenty minutes away on the other side of the Woluwe lakes, but Lyndon had wanted to live close to the centre. He liked their monstrous pile and was proud of having found a town house with what he called a back yard. He was keen that the children should spend lots of time playing in it. Especially Richard. Ricky, Lyndon called him. Ricky my boy. Ricky my son.
She heard Lyn bouncing up the stairs after the kids, and went off to shake duvets and find pyjamas. Lyndon always did bath-time. It was his thing. She put a CD of nursery rhymes on for Judy. 
Lyndon loved technology. He watched a lot of movies on their massive home cinema imported from the good old U.S. of A. He bought Blu-rays at work and they came from America too. They’d had to buy a new smart box specially to watch them. From the PX. Of course. The shop on the American military base. How come he had access to a military base?
She turned the bedside lights on, retrieved teddies, plumped pillows, drew the curtains, got clothes out for the following morning and gathered up more piles of dirty laundry on the landing. The first time she saw it, Suzie said the house was too big. She was a working mother, she reminded Lyndon. She’d never have time to maintain this huge pile of marble and brass. 
"We just don't need 250 square metres! How on earth am I going to hoover all that carpet?"
But he had just smiled. "Don’t worry, honey, you won’t have to. We’ll find someone to help out around the house, and someone else for the back yard."
Which is what they did. Or rather what Lyndon did. He efficiently hired a gardener from somewhere and placed an advert online for a home help. Suzie then chose Petya out of the dozens of people who replied to his box number.
She was pretty sure she was breaking the law because Petya didn't seem to have a proper residency visa let alone a work permit for Belgium. But Suzie had prudently never mentioned her suspicions to Lyndon because he was a real stickler for rules and regulations. Said he couldn’t afford to be otherwise, not in his job. Not as an employee of ACCA - The American Cultural Communications Association, a US government-sponsored out-reach program. Whatever that was...
"Honey, my boss absolutely would not appreciate me employing people on the black market; especially not a possibly-illegal immigrant from an ex-communist, eastern European ex-Russian-satellite state. This is serious, so pay attention to your actions."
But Suzie didn't believe that anyone would care one way or another who helped out with the kids, so she employed Petya anyway, and moved her into the house that very afternoon. 
Of course, having got a degree in film production back in Wherever-She-Came-From, the girl was absurdly over-qualified to be an au pair, but Suzie liked her - and her boyfriend’s name was Panti. Suzie couldn’t resist the temptation of being able to ask questions like "And did Panti hose his car down?" and "What does your Panti look like?"
Not that she ever got much chance to ask those sorts of questions. Petya’s love life was as messy as Boxing Day: during the brief month he'd been in Brussels ahead of Petya's arrival, the wretched boy had moved into a flat-share knowing that his new flat-mate wouldn't move out and that the landlord wouldn't let anyone else move in, and not content with having effectively made her jobless, stateless and homeless, the inconstant and selfish Panti had also declared himself unready for long-term commitment. Anyone else would have Tippexed him without a backward glance. Petya stubbornly refused to relinquish her first love.   
Still, despite her agonised cheekbones, yellow fingers, and whippet-thin frame, Suzie enjoyed Petya's company. Apart from anything else, she never indulged in pointless chatter - unlike Suzie's mother and sister Caroline who not only yapped all day long, but when they finally separated and went back to their own homes (only two avenues apart in beautiful Bexley Heath), continued yapping on the phone. 
Neither of them would have employed Petya, that’s for sure. Because she was foreign. They didn’t trust foreigners. Except Lyndon of course. Americans apparently didn’t count as foreigners because they spoke English. But both of them thoroughly disliked Petya. Probably because she refused to gossip to them about her employer.
Suzie didn't give a toss. Petya was brilliant with the kids. She also did the ironing, which was a Godsend because Suzie hated ironing, especially children’s clothes. Not Lyndon’s shirts though. He sent those out to a laundry. A special one. On the American base.
As she went out onto the landing, Judy came running out of the bathroom wrapped in a towel. "Ni-night, Mommy!"
Suzie kissed her. "Sleep tight, darling! Put your jimmies on!"
"Come on, Jude. Let's do it!" called Lyndon from the bathroom and Judy ran away again.
The American base, thought Suzie, biting her lip. She'd never questioned that little fact, but Blanche would have pounced on it immediately: "Does 'e have a pass? He must have one, or 'ow does he get access to ze base? Surely 'e do not get signed in by friends every time 'e want to get ze shirt launder-ed?"
He got his hair cut there too, Suzy reminded herself. Or shaved. Not all off, he didn't go around completely bald, just sporting an over-enthusiastic military crop. 
Leaving Lyn to finish the bed-night ritual, Suzie went down to the kitchen where she turned the grill off, poured dressing over the salad, tossed it and went to lay the table. Five little fishes and two little loaves? No. Two slices of fresh salmon and one pack of vitamin and fiber-enriched sliced white from the PX at the Facility.
By the time Lyndon came downstairs, supper was ready.
"The kids seem real excited about this party," he said. "Great salmon by the way. Can I deal with any of it for you? Maybe organise entertainment? Would that help?"
She shook her head. "Don’t worry, it’s all under control. It's not even a pain because Petya doesn't go to English classes during the school hols, so she's helping out and I'm hoping that her friend Paula will come and help with hats and coats."
"Organised like a pro, hon."
They discussed various details about the catering and decorations as they finished supper and then Lyndon stacked the dishwasher. Watching him, Suzie mentally shook her head. How could anyone so domesticated have sent her a mobile? On the other hand, she deserved an explanation. Unless it was from someone else?
"Oof, I’m beat," he said dropping a kiss on her hair as he headed for the sofa. "Wanna watch a movie with me?"
"A strange thing happened today. Someone sent me a parcel."
"How about Murder on the Orient Express? Are you in the mood for a mystery?"
"Did you hear what I said?"
"Sure. Someone sent you a parcel. Shall we have another glass of wine with the film?" he said, giving her a deliberately bland look.
"Here, it had this phone in it," she said pulling the mobile out of her pocket. 
Noting that his ears were slowly turning pink, she raised her eyebrows at him. She and Lyn never argued, they were both far too civilised and self-controlled to indulge in pointless aggression, but he looked guilty as sin. She turned on her heel and ran upstairs to his study. Flicking the light on, she went over to the bin and shuffled through the first few layers of paper. Nothing. She dug through the rest of the papers. Nothing. He must have hidden the padded envelope.
She went downstairs to the sitting room again where Lyndon was still flicking through the film menu.
"The packaging is gone, it's not there any more," she said standing in the doorway.
"Are you sure it was there in the first place? That phone's been hanging around the house for ages."
She laughed. "Of course I'm sure. I'm not totally insane. Someone's moved it; you've moved it. Hidden it."
"I really don't know what you're talking about," he said lightly. "But if you think there's something going on, I suggest you check it out."
"What do you mean check it out?"
"Well, I don't know, hon. But for a start off, if you want to ask me about some mythical parcel... then why don't you find it so that I can see what you're talking about?"
"You want proof that I know you're up to something?"
"I'll tell you just one thing, hon."
"What?"
"If I wanted to keep something secret from you, you'd never know about it."
"What's that supposed to be? Some sort of cryptic clue?"
"Hon, come and sit down. Watch the film with me, huh?"
She was intrigued and amused. He was talking in code, which was something he hadn't done for a long time. 
"Here, come and sit down." He held his hand out. "Let's watch the film."
She had intended to spend the evening catching up with work from the office, but that didn't seem such a good idea any more. Lyn was definitely up to something but from long experience Suzie knew that if she tried to make him explain, he'd just go polite and formal and distant, so she flopped down beside him. The sitting room contained no less than three outsize sofas and two armchairs but they always curled up together on the same sofa. By hook or by crook she would find out all she wanted to know. But hammering at the front door would get her nowhere with Lyndon. 
He passed her a glass of wine and picked up the remote control. She settled herself down and, leaning comfortably against him, watched Poirot roll into action. Lyndon slung his arm round her shoulders.
Giving herself a secret little smile, Suzie stroked her imaginary but exceptionally glossy moustache. Oh yes, she would find out ze trooth.
CHAPTER TWO



Hung-over from getting up at 6am and working for an hour solid, Suzie yawned and stretched in her chair. "MEPs are waiting for this briefing," she droned in a deadly imitation of her boss. "The quality of political decision-making rests on the information they receive. Poor briefings, Mrs Lysle, mean poor legislation."
"Curbstone heights impact on accessibility and ambulation issues," read the next sentence. She snorted, shook her head and hit delete. Typical. "Pedestrians risk tripping over high curbstones," she typed.
On the other side of the room, her cutting table was piled high with scarlet oven gloves waiting to be turned into prawn pincers. Each one had to be re-cut into a claw shape and have an elastic cuff with adjustable tapes added. Then they all had to have glittery whiskers glued onto the backs. But Deryck would blow a gasket if she didn’t get his paving stones sorted on time.
Nearly an hour later, she sighed, checked the word count, spelling, and formatting and uploaded it into the correct intranet box. The tap dancing prawns would have to wait until the afternoon. She clicked on the little sewing machine icon which was about all that remained of her designing ambitions, and her inbox scrolled down the screen.
What would Blanche be doing now, she wondered. Unearthing a slim silver-mounted pistol from her undies drawer? Tucking it into a black lace garter belt? Nonsense, she told herself. No-one wears stockings any more. Not even international women of mystery. These days, spies wear soft Italian leather holsters under their left armpits.
She double-clicked and closed the folder. Time to get the kids up and off to half term circus school. From the sounds of it, they were awake and so was Petya. She went up to the second floor on autopilot, chivvying and coaxing the whole dinosaur edifice of domesticity into motion for another day. 
Back downstairs, she made coffee, supervised cereal consumption and nodded at Petya without even hearing what she was saying. Yes, darling, yes, sweetie, of course Judy... don't forget the time, here's your coat, yes, I'll see you later, Mommy loves you, thank you Petya... thank God the kids had gone out and the house was quiet. She could stop being the perfect mother and relax.
"You haven't seen the local paper have you?" she asked Lyndon when he came down. "It should have arrived yesterday but I can't find it anywhere."
"You look like a sleepy squirrel," he said. "What on earth time did you get up?"
"Six. Had to catch up on some work."
"Give it up. We don't need the money." He looked at her lips more closely. "Mmm," he said kissing her, "You taste of jam. Nice!"
"You don't like me working?"
"I'm just saying you don't have to exhaust yourself doing a job you don't enjoy, that's all."
"So you...?"
"I'd better get going," he said, "See you tonight, hon. Have a nice day."
She watched him swing his coat off the banisters, pick his car keys up and disappear down the stairs to the basement garage. The Lyndon enigma. Peering into the mirror in the downstairs cloakroom, she applied some lipstick, dragged a brush through her hair and walked down to the Parc du Cinquantenaire, as she did every morning, to pick dandelions for Hammy. 
Not that she liked parks; horrible places, all mud, dank grass and soggy wooden benches and she hadn't for a second imagined that letting Lyndon buy Judy a hamster would condemn her to a daily trip to the dankest, muddiest, rustiest park she'd ever seen. In the 50naire even the unused fountain looked drab and grubby.  
It was too late now though. She was ultimately responsible for Hammy's well being and therefore duty-bound to pick fresh dandelions for him. That's what perfect mothers do, she reminded herself. They look after their children's hapless pets. She could hear her mother's voice saying, "Only irresponsible parents leave hamsters to starve to death in dirty cages!" And for a split second she longed to be an irresponsible parent. The kind of person whose children happily ate takeaways with their fingers in front of the television, went to bed late in mismatched pyjamas, only brushed their teeth when they had toothache, and who didn't give toss what teachers thought, or neighbours said behind their hands. 
But "kids need pets," said Lyndon when he produced a small caged rodent and a care manual. "It teaches them to be responsible." Why didn't he foresee that Ricky would insist on reading it out loud to Judy who would take every word as gospel? Including the vital information that hamsters must be fed fresh organic green leaves every day, not picked from the back yard where the gardener might have used fertiliser, and not from the roadside because of traffic pollution, and not bought from a pet shop in case they weren't perfectly fresh.
"And it has to be rinsed and dried carefully so it doesn’t get bruised before the hamster sees it, Mom, because otherwise he might lose his appetite."
"We don't need to read the whole book, Ricky!"
"Dandelion leaves are okay," he read relentlessly, "but why not grow a selection of tasty herbs in a window box? Parsley, mint and basil for example, to feed to your new companion so that he doesn’t get bored with his diet," read Ricky laboriously.
"That's enough, Ricky!"
"The hamster’s main meal of the day should be served in the late afternoon, when he unfolds his ears and emerges from his bed for a late afternoon stroll, or perhaps for some high-quality bonding time with you, his new friend."
"Ricky, I'm warning you!" 
"He will appreciate a live maggot every other day and one gram of organic natural yoghurt or crème fraîche on alternating days."
"Give me that book! Haven’t you got any homework?"
"It’s gotta have hypo-allergenic bedding," said Ricky, "which should be changed weekly and - hey Jude, you gotta put filtered rainwater in its drinker bottle."
"It’s a hamster! Not a baby!" protested Suzie. "It’s practically a rat!"
"It’s a she, Mommy. And she likes hamster cookies," said Judy. "Fruit of the forest flavour. With bits. And the hanging sticks, puffed rice flavour. But not the hanging sticks with the autumn maize garnish. Because those bits are too big. Because Hammy is a dwarf hamster. But she likes the hamster cakes better than the buns. The long square crispy ones with the toasty flakes on top. And sunflower seeds. She likes those. She eats them in her bed. But not the dark green pellets. Hammy doesn’t like those - so can you pick them out of the hamster mix you bought please, Mommy?"
"Rat, it’s a rat..." muttered Suzie, but she might have well saved her breath.
"Listen, Mom. Psychological deprivation."
According to the book, Judy had to guard against the danger of her hamster becoming neurotic through being deprived of quality play opportunities. 
"That means you gotta take him out of his cage, Jude and let him wee on the sofa!"
"Give me that book, Ricky!" snapped Suzie.
"You gotta give him "correct amounts of sensory stimulation!" Like buy him a second cage in case he gets bored with the first one, Jude!"
"Right now! Give!"
Ricky tumbled over the back of the sofa and dodged behind an outsize rubber plant.
"He will also enjoy a transparent perspex play-ball so that he can explore his environment in safety!" he yelled, still maniacally reading from the book. "Yeah, so that Daddy doesn’t squish him to death on the carpet, Jude!" 
"Poor little Hammy-wammy! Don’t let Daddy squish her to death! Mommy, please!"
Judy had big brown eyes like her dad and knew exactly how to use them to good effect. Suzie could never resist her. She had a cute little heart-shaped face surrounded by nut-brown curls and whenever she wanted something she would come and stand right beside Suzie and tilt her face up with her pointed little chin resting on her thigh and say angelically "Mommy, please? I love you, Mommy. Please?"
Ricky wasn’t as consciously appealing but Suzie couldn’t resist him either. Strong, and solid looking like Lyndon, he had a serious expression on his face most of the time although he had quite a dry sense of humour.
But more often he was serious, and if he wanted something he would give her a level look as if to say "I can’t plead, Mom, I’m too old to put my chin on your thigh any more... please don’t make me beg, Mom, please just understand this is important, I really gotta have it..." which made him in his own way, just as irresistible as Judy. Perhaps even more so.
So under the bemused eyes of the dog walkers in the park, Suzie picked a selection of fresh-looking weeds and packed them into a plastic lunchbox which she then stuffed into her handbag. Blanche, she told herself viciously, hates hamsters. She shoots them on sight. Pumps them full of lead. Destroys their brains. And she uses a silencer to do it, so the neighbours can't hear them screaming and come to the rescue. 
Back in the Rue des Tongres she walked in and out of shops efficiently buying all the items on her list. She and Lyndon had the perfect marriage. Everyone in Brussels knew that. They understood each other perfectly. They were still in love. Everyone in Brussels knew that too. You couldn't let the side down.
Suddenly the new phone, still sitting in the back pocket of her jeans, vibrated. Oh my God! After a second's paralysis, she grabbed it and flipped it open. It was a one-word text from Agent B and the word was "lunch?" The blood was singing in her ears and her pulse was racing. Now she knew exactly what Lyndon was up to. Shoving the phone into her bag she rummaged for her iPhone. Then she stepped backwards into a doorway where she wouldn't get run over by early-morning shoppers and flicked through her old text messages, deleting most of them. Finally she clicked on the right one: "Do you fancy lunch?" and there was another one: "lunch?" and after that several more on the same subject.
She rolled her eyes. Lyndon had been nagging for months. This whole phone thing was simply more of the same. 
Well, all right, she'd got the message. Lyndon wanted someone to go to lunch with and wasn't taking no for an answer. She grinned. How typical. Why couldn't he just spit it out? Trust him to be so oblique! But then he always did like playing chess, leaving clues, doing things in a tortuous way. On impulse, she dialled his number and waited. In the silver-grey street, expensive cars gleamed like a row of pearls on a strip of black velvet as they waited for the lights to change.
"Hiya, hon," he said.
"Listen I was just wondering, would you like to meet up for lunch?" she said, squinting up at the white sky.
Silence. "Lyn?"
"I'm here, hon. I guess that would be a fine idea. When were you thinking?"
"Oh, I don't know. When are you free?"
"Not this week. I don't have a single lunch date free. You could say I'm all tied up. If I'd have known earlier..."
"Next week, then?"
"Can we discuss it tonight, hon?" 
Dropping her phone back into her bag, she frowned. Now what? She didn't believe for one moment that in his perfectly tidy, well-organised life, he wouldn't be able to make lunch unless he'd planned it that way. No, she knew Lyndon. He had gone out of his way to demonstrate that he wanted to meet her for lunch but now that she was offering, he didn't have time.
Still, she thought, it was just as well because if she disappeared off to lunch today the Halloween party wouldn't get organised, Bella Dance the tap teacher would hate her forever, the kids would probably drown in salty Moldavian sobs, and as for the office! Lyndon had waited this long so he could wait a week longer. Just until school went back and work settled down a bit. Then she'd deal with him.
She glanced at her watch wondering if she might just be in time to catch Barbara. Probably. It wasn't late, only 9.45. She shook her hair out, made a useless attempt to rub the mud off her fingers and crossed the road. As she went into the Patisserie Marilyn, she gave herself a quick glance in the glittery ballroom mirrored facade. She looked dreadful. But then she had been up half the night typing. She edged past the queues of people buying bread into the café at the back. Barbara was tucked into her favourite morning coffee seat at the table in the far corner. Surprised and pleased, she waved her ruby fingernails at Suzie, cleared a stack of expensive carrier bags onto the floor and signalled to the waiter for another cappuccino.
"Hi," panted Suzie, sitting down.
"What a good thing you turned up. Look what I got for Mikey. A football strip. You did say fancy dress for this Halloween bash, didn’t you? Yes. Well. He might have freckles and bottle-bottom glasses but he’s coming as David Beckham; he's as deluded as his father." Barbara suddenly sat up straight and batted her eyelashes at the counter. 
Suzie twisted round to see an extremely young and pretty boy advancing with their coffee. "Behave yourself!"
"Molto grazie," murmured Barbara, propping her chin on her hands and gazing into the waiter's dark eyes. He blushed and retreated. "Cute arse," she said lustfully.
"What would you do if your husband refused to take you out for lunch?" asked Suzie, playing with the sugar lumps.
"Run up flags," said Barbara. "Why?"
"You wouldn't think he was up to something?"
Barbara laughed out loud. "Hank? Up to something? You mean another woman? Not a hope! Why? Is Lyndon playing away?"
"He says he's all tied up."
"He's a dark horse!"
"No, I don't mean that. As if!" said Suzie, still playing with the sugar. "But if he did... do you think it would be serious? I mean should I do something?"
"What? Like follow him? Find out what he's up to? Hack into his computer?"
"He's not meeting a computer for lunch..."
"Oh well. Hack into it anyway. Just on principle."
"Spy on him?" said Suzie stirring her coffee. "Yuk. I’ve put loads too much sugar in this, it’s revolting now."
"Order another one then. What about trolling off to meet him in disguise? Wearing a fright wig and coloured contacts!" Barbara honked with laughter. "Perhaps you could wear a veil!"
Suzie didn't answer. Her eyes slightly glazed, she fixed them on the distant sight of Blanche leaning casually in a doorway. She was wearing a wasp-waisted jacket and a narrow pencil skirt; a shiny pillbox hat perched over one eye. A little scrap of netting obscured most of her face except for a perfect bow of cherry lipstick. The coat and the jacket gaped open displaying her perfect cleavage. Confident in her disguise as Parisian streetwalker, Blanche took a long slow draw on her Sobrani Black Russian and watched the beautiful man in the raincoat cross the street, drops of water sparkling on his shoulders as he ducked into the dim bar to meet...
"Hello? Calling Mars...!"
Suzie blinked. "Sorry. What were you saying?"
"You’ll have to tackle him about it. You can’t afford to hang about, you know. What if some young sex pot is trying to seduce him? He's a bloody handsome man you know. Sexy as hell."
"Mmm," said Suzie nodding vaguely. "What? Oh, it wasn't Lyndon... I was only wondering... But, you know... I’ve got to go."
"What!" said Barbara. "Aren't you staying for coffee? Where are you going?"
Suzie stood up and started putting her coat on. "Shopping. Ring you later."
Barbara made as if to follow her but, spotting the waiter coming back in their direction, subsided. "Oh well, I might just stay here for a bit. Don’t forget expats' keep fit tonight!"
Pulling her coat belt tight round her waist and wishing she was wearing sunglasses, Suzie walked decisively through the coffee shop, past the patisserie display and back out onto the Rue des Tongres. She crossed the road without a second glance and took a cab straight to the office where she sat down at her desk, pulled out the mystery mobile and clicked through the whole menu. Nothing. Just two text messages. All right, she thought. If you won't meet me for lunch, perhaps you'll meet someone else? Someone whose carelessly crossed legs reveal black stocking tops and a slash of creamy flesh? She wriggled her toes and closed her eyes. La, la, la... KISS, she told herself. Keep It Simple Stupid. Finally, she just texted one word: "Where?" and sent the damn thing. 
The single word conjured up a whole picture in her imagination. There he was, sitting insouciant in a smoke-filled café, picking up the newspaper lying beside him, and a few minutes later, leaving with it casually tucked under his arm. She could smell coffee grounds and wine stains and see, through the smeary window, his long legs striding along the pavement towards the subway. His feet crunched on the frost underfoot, his breath steamed in the autumn chill as she watched from behind the blacked-out lenses of a pair of photographic sunglasses as worn by all professional spies. Ray-Bans, she decided.  
"Suzie, have you sorted the horse vax report?" asked the regional supervisor in his dry leaf, Grey Lizard voice. "We don’t want to be late with it. Not this time."
His voice made Suzie jump. "Well, I’m not actually working this week," she reminded him. "I’ve only come in to sort my desk out and check my post."
"One wouldn’t have noticed the difference," he said in his deadly quiet voice.
"Okay, I’ll chase it up," she said brightly. "It’s with Veronica. I’ll get her to push it through to translation asap."
"Just don’t forget!" he whispered disagreeably, and rustled off again. Then he poked his back round the door. "Rather bright lipstick, by the way."
Suzie looked at his departing back, threw the tube of Ruby Mist lip gloss into her top drawer and noticed that her hand mirror had disappeared, meaning she’d better check the biscuit supplies. That’s the worst of offices, she thought, people didn't care whose biscuits they nick. I will track zem down... 
Having finished sellotaping her Jaffa Cakes safely into their box and hiding them at the back of the filing cabinet, Suzie realised she to pull herself together. She had to grow up and stop fantasising about spies. Just do her job properly and concentrate. And stop muttering "merde" at the filing cabinets. Absent-mindedly eating a stray biscuit, she clicked through the screens, googled Lyndon, and came up with notes on a series of talks he’d given on cross-cultural communication. Completely boring. What else? A bunch of links to universities where he’d designed intranet systems to increase synergies across research disciplines. Completely meaningless. Nothing at all. 
She googled ACCA, Just idle curiosity, just wondering what ACCA really did. She licked the chocolate off her fingers. The search came up completely blank. Strange. Did that mean it didn't exist? At which moment she noticed a note from Deryck tucked under the edge of her keyboard. 
"Sorry to dump this on you, but I’m sure you’ll be able to sort it out. Doc is in box, in Schools Safety Assn file. If you get stuck try the SSA w/site for bumf. Txs, see ya, D."
Bloody Hell! Suzie flipped through the document. It was practically endless. Well over 200 pages. Nightmare. The working title? "Safety in the Pencil Case: a modern risk assessment of school equipment for primary ages." Glue sniffing, craft knife blades, ink pen tattoos, the dangers of swallowing rubbers and of blades being removed from pencil sharpeners, not to mention the possibly-fatal results of a compass falling into the wrong juvenile hands. She shook her head in disbelief. The money people were paid to research and write this crap! Incredible. She'd deal with it later.
She dropped the note into her bag and made her escape before the Grey Lizard could come rustling back with another complaint. Stepping out into the street, she glanced casually up the road. Living in an imaginary world was such second nature that she hardly even noticed herself doing it any more. No-one was watching. No-one was following. It would be safe. She just had to slip her hand into her pocket and pull out a small revolver. Who was that?
An old woman shuffling past with an obese poodle. Was she a watcher? It was impossible to tell. Blanche walked on. Should she take a chance or play it safe? To hell with it. The woman of mystery shrugged slightly, turned on her heel and flipped the phone open. Mission accomplished. No reply.
Back at home, Suzie sniffed dubiously at Hammy's cage, picking out the green pellets and stuffing dandelions through the bars. From his plastic nest, Judy’s absurdly over-fed hamster watched and waited, his evil eyes gleaming as he awaited the chance to bite her.
"Don’t even think about it," Suzie told him, "or I’ll shoot you."
Then her immediate boss Deryck rang. "Where have you been? I’ve been ringing all morning. You are supposed to be working this week you know, even if you aren’t in the office. You know the lizard is on the warpath, don't you?"
"Sorry, Deryck. I did go into the office actually - to pick up my mail and push the horse vax document through. What’s the problem?"
"The clients are jumping up and down for the paving stones..."
"You had it first thing this morning," said Suzie hurrying upstairs to her sewing room and waking up her computer. "I put it in the box before breakfast." 
"But I can’t open it. It’s sitting there in some weird format. And the deadline for the horse vax has come forward to Friday. You do know that, don’t you? You have read your emails this morning, haven’t you? You’re supposed..."
"I’ll upload it again, okay?"
She put the phone down, and re-saved the paving stones document in rtf thinking that even he would be able to open that, and then the phone rang again.
"Oh hello," said Penelope. "I do hope I’m not disturbing you? I know you working girls..."
"Penny. What can I do for you?"
"Well, I just wondered... it’s about Klaudia’s party. Is dear little Judy wearing jods?"
"I’m not sure. Can I get back to you?" Suzie put the phone down, clicked on sent emails just to check that Deryck’s email had actually gone, and then the phone went again. It was her mother asking if she had any plans for Christmas. Suzie obediently invited her and daddy to come for the whole two weeks, and then her sister Caroline rang asking if mother had phoned and whether she had asked her for Christmas. And by the time Suzie had invited her to come for the whole fortnight too, Barbara was on the phone.
"Where did you run off to this morning? Oh, all right! I don’t know why you insist on working. Lyndon must be earning a packet! Sorry! Tippy tip toes. I’ll let you get on with it."
And then again. "Mrs Lysle? Yes, Bella Dance here. You haven’t forgotten about the prawn pincers, have you? I’m so sorry to nag; I know how busy you must be. Yes, because Level 2 tap are getting really good at the Yellow Submarine number, but they’ll have to practice with the gloves before the show. Absolutely. Samples would be super."
Turning the phones off and the answer-phone on, Suzie uploaded the curbstones document once again, emailed the horse vax author with a contents list, wrote a note to remind herself to ring Klaudia’s mother, and got stuck into the scarlet oven gloves. 
She was still busily snipping when Petya came in sobbing like a road drill and hoovered the hall carpet until Suzie couldn’t stand the row any more. So she went downstairs, turned the hoover off, sat Petya down at the kitchen table and put the coffee maker on.
"Come on. Spit it out," she said, emptying a packet of ginger nuts onto a plate. "What’s he done now?"
"Panti slipping! I heff no Panti! He goink back to Moldova! But he don care, he's asleeping."
Poor Petya couldn’t see for misery. "I kent go back alone..." She broke into fresh sobs and buried her face in a drying-up cloth. 
Suzie winced, guiltily thinking that it would take ages to boil the mascara stains out, and that last time even boiling hadn’t done the trick which meant that Lyndon’s efficient mother had found black smears on her crystal champagne flutes when she was over from the States.
"How ken I go beck? No job, no Panti, no nothink?"
Suzie rescued the drying-up cloth, and replaced it with a roll of kitchen towel. "You don’t have to go back. You can stay here as long as you like."
"A nenny!" sobbed Petya.
"Well, why don’t you find some other job?"
Petya shook her head.
Suzie patted her shoulder. "I’m sure... um, well I could probably help... with papers and you know..."
Petya sniffed and sipped at her black coffee.
Suzie ate a ginger nut. "Got it, Petya! Why don’t you have a word with Hank? I’m sure he must know the people in the film department at the university. Perhaps he can do something?"
Petya sniffed. Suzie glanced at her watch. "Look, I’m sorry but I’ve got to fetch the kids. No, you stay here. I’ll go. You can’t go looking like that. They’ll think I’ve been beating you up."
She hauled a couple of pizzas out of the freezer and then the phone rang again.
It was Lyndon. "Hi, Hon. How you doing?"
"Fine," she said, giving Petya an encouraging smile. "How are you?"
"Great. About this morning, I just wondered, seeing as you’re not working this week..."
"I’m working at home because it’s half term."
"I just thought, actually, I could make time to meet for lunch. Maybe a quick omelette?"
"What, now?"
"No... in twenty minutes, say?"
"Oh!" She bit her lip and glanced at Petya, who had just dropped her untouched biscuit on the table. "Could be tricky."
"Don’t worry about it," said Lyndon. "See you this evening."
He rang off and she frowned. She had just missed her chance to... what? Make Lyndon happy? Stop him playing games? Have lunch with him? Petya’s head hit the table like a stone. "Petya, are you all right? Listen, I’ve got to go. I’m going to be terribly late. Can you just tip some salad into a bowl and heat these pizzas up?"
Petya made a noise like a dying chicken. 
"Good girl." Giving her a quick hug, Suzie left her wiping mascara off her cheeks with thin fingers and went off to collect Ricky and Judy from their circus workshop.
"Lyndon, oh Lyndon..." she muttered to herself as she drove through the traffic. "If you could just see me. You know, with the best will in the world I really don’t have time for a lunchtime egg-and-beer fest today." She jumbled through her bag for her GSM and phoned him back. "Hi," she said. "No. I just wanted to say I would like to. Could we do tomorrow? It’s just that..."
"I know," he interrupted. "You have the kids, the house, your work, the party, you’re busy and I should have thought about that before..."
"Oh, don’t. I’m being hassled at work by that creepy Grey Lizard too. He hates me working flexi anyway, and as for working at home, he thinks that means lying on the sofa painting my nails. I just know it was him who put Deryck up to being so picky and the stupid prawn claws..."
"Whoa there, honey. I'm going dizzy!"
"Don't laugh."
"It was only an idea. I understand completely..."
"I’ll have more time after Christmas. Once the kids have gone back to school and we’ve got all the decorations down..."
"You’ll be doing ice carvings with the Brownies and reclaiming the pavements for stick insects," he said. "Listen honey, forget it. It was stupid idea."
"Can we talk about it tonight?"
"Sure. See you later." He rang off, and she tossed her phone back into her bag as she accelerated. Ricky hated her being late. He said it made the other kids give him pitying looks.
She fought her way through the traffic and made it back to the house with Ricky and Judy gibbering on the back seat about diabolos and metre-high walking globes. She herded them upstairs from the basement garage, realised that Petya hadn't moved a muscle, shoved the pizzas into the oven and set the timer. Rapidly laying the table and tipping salad into a bowl she muttered, "I got a degree in costume design and cutting in order to end up glittering oven gloves." Because degree or not, she could see it was going to take most of the day to finish the claws, and it wouldn't be made any easier by two kids running in hyper-excited circles and Petya sitting in a blue mist with her forehead on the kitchen table. It was time to be patient and keep her mind on the job. No daydreaming, no fantasising and certainly no pretending to be a WWII spy.
"Mom! Judy’s throwing peanuts at me!"
"Behave, Judy."
"Mom, Judy’s tearing the gas bill up!"
"Be good, darling."
"Mommy, Ricky’s feeding his salad to Hammy!"
"Don’t do that, Ricky-dear. Judy, upstairs and wash your hands now."
While they were eating lunch, Suzie explained the Halloween banner to Petya; it would be hung right across the hall, between the living room and the double doors into the dining room, right across the stairs so as to welcome guests to the party. Swallowing the last of her pizza, she poured herself a coffee and pointed at the carrier bag of materials she’d bought that morning. "Look, there you are. Everything. Glue, felt, glitter, markers, stencils..."
She retreated to her sewing room and miraculously the phone didn’t ring that afternoon. Even the noises floating up from the kitchen were more contented giggling than squabbling over hairy spiders, so that by 4 o'clock Suzie had finished all the prawn pincers and piled them back into their cardboard box.
Suddenly seized with desire to collect her brownie points in person rather than have them relayed by Petya, she decided to drop them over to Bella Dance herself. Apart from anything else, the drive out to Tervueren would give her some peace and quiet and as it was half term, the traffic wouldn't be as bad as usual.
She lugged the box of claws downstairs, shoved it onto the back seat of the car and launched into the gloom. It was drizzling outside and the roads were covered in some sort of foam which was apparently supposed to un-stick the chestnut shells from the tarmac. She accelerated down the avenue de Tervueren and made a mental note to check the new mobile. A little tingle of excitement ran up her spine. Not, of course, that she thought she'd get a reply. Why would Agent B text the world's most perfect mom?
Blanche on the other hand, would be a different kettle of fish, thought Suzie. The mere fact of her wanting a reply would ensure one. No man ever turned her down. No man ever failed to respond. In fact, men had been fainting at the mere sight of her since her 16th birthday. 
Suzie grinned to herself and flexed her fingers sensuously on the steering wheel. Shadows and lights chased each other over her face as she crossed the Ring and headed through the woods. How would Blanche react to Agent B's reply? She wasn't certain about the details but she was reasonably sure it would involve passionate sex. Her eyes sparkling, she whizzed through the traffic and arrived at Bella Dance's feeling breathless and slightly drunk.
But the lights were off; the house was empty. She chewed her lip. How stupid. She should have phoned first. Now she'd have to come back tomorrow. She stepped back from the front door and looked up and down the street. Was there a neighbour who might help? Or? What was this? Bella Dance's garage. Could she break in? Or was this a job for Blanche?
What the hell. Let Blanche make the delivery. As she grabbed the box of claws, in her imagination, Suzie disappeared and was replaced by a slim figure with a revolver tucked into her garter. Walking so lightly that her feet were almost not touching the ground, Blanche trod over the gravel. She didn't make a sound. No curtain twitched. At the garage doors, her x-ray vision scanned the lock and she realised with satisfaction that the side door was open. Her breathing so shallow that no-one would ever hear it; Blanche slipped her gloves on and turned the handle. The door opened and she slowly placed the cardboard box of bombs disguised as theatrical props into the dark gap.
With one pointed toe she edged the box forward until the blackness swallowed it up. "Doucement!" she breathed. "One false move and the whole thing will go off..."
As soon as she was sure no-one was watching, Blanche eased the door closed, returned to her car and left the scene. All her movements were unhurried, relaxed, and casual. It wouldn't do to arouse desire. Suspicion. Her beautiful cruel hands caressed the wheel as she drove smoothly through the woods again, back into the centre of Brussels...
Suzie's iPhone rang. "Allo? Oui?" she murmured, checking the mirror for police cars.
"Bella Dance here..."
"I've just left them in your garage," said Suzie, briskly switching back into her English accent. "All finished and done. Must dash!"
Feeling stupid, she turned the phone off and put her foot down. Would the terrible tap teacher have noticed her French accent? Probably not, but you could never be sure. Not with teachers. Anyway, she'd wasted so much time messing about with the exploding claws, she'd have to skedaddle so as not to be late with the kids’ tea or Lyndon’s supper because she still had to pick Barbara up and take her to Poseidon for le stretching and gym douce. Which turned out to be hysterical. Barbara emerged from her front door dressed like a woman prepared for the guillotine; her hair neatly tied back, no jewellery, hardly any make-up and all in black. 
Looking at her, Suzie chewed her lip. Didn’t doomed heroines wear white when riding in a tumbrel? Nothing but a simple lawn shift and a noble expression? Warming to the idea, she thought possibly the condemned maiden carried a small leather-bound Bible. And then in her imagination she could hear the grim narrator's voice: Marie Antoinette's neck was bare in the chill and lonely early-morning mist as she was driven to her final rendezvous at the gym, her fragile shoulders carrying a weight which would soon be lifted from them forever...
"Ready?" said Barbara, bouncing into the passenger seat beside Suzie.
"Sure," said Suzie putting the car into gear. "Let’s get to it."
"You know I really do need to tone up," said Barbara, pinching her rock-hard thighs. "Look! It’s disgusting... this new trainer guy is a Londoner, supposed to be really hot."
Suzie smiled and concentrated on driving without her imagination taking over and without fantasising about Lyndon's reply to her text. Once they got to the sports centre and found a parking place, Barbara got out of the car and stretched, her body as flexible as a cat’s. "I don’t see what you’ve got to worry about," said Suzie. "You look great. In fact, you’ll be making them all wonder how you got that thin without coming to keep fit before."
"Not true, Suze, but thank you all the same." They paid and walked through into the aerobics studio. "Oh my God!" muttered Barbara, checking in the doorway. "What’s she doing?" It was Marta, putting her heels on the nape of her neck.
"Just showing off," drawled Suzie.
"Oh, my God!" breathed Barbara suddenly. "Is that the teacher? But he’s gorgeous! I wonder if I could get nearer the front?" Suzie laughed. She was glad to see Barbara on form, all scintillating and sparkly with transient lust, but there was no way she was going to expose her own comfortably rounded buttocks to the derision of the class, so she stayed at the back with the other slackers and watched in admiration as Barbara cork-screwed with the best of them.
She told Lyndon about it when she got home, which made him laugh. 
"But you’re not allowed to say anything to her," she warned him. 
"Nothing at all? At any time? Not even in supervised, tightly-controlled, social scenarios where my mute condition would cause intense speculation amongst our mutual friends?"
"You idiot, you know I didn’t mean that!" She melted against him on the sofa where he was flipping between CNN and BBC World.
"You know, I’ve still got some work to do," she said, putting her head on his shoulder.
"Not tonight, surely, Hon?" said Lyndon absent-mindedly putting his arm round her. She curled her knees up, leaned into the side of his chest and tried not to yawn as the opening frames of The Big Sleep rolled across the screen and Lyndon patted her shoulder. She smiled and tilted her head up to look into his eyes and he dropped a light kiss onto her mouth before turning back to the film. 
Tomorrow, she promised herself, she'd get it together. Tomorrow she'd stop thinking about getting a reply to her text, she'd catch up all her stupid documents, sort the kids, deal with Petya, arrange every single detail of the party and she'd spring clean the house just for the pure pleasure of it. But for tonight she would watch TV with Lyndon.
She smiled, yawned, and was asleep before the first murder.
CHAPTER THREE



With the kids tagging along, Lyndon edged into the kitchen and took a mug out of the cupboard. He liked properly made fresh coffee in the mornings, but Suzie didn’t care what she drank. She was never compos mentis first thing anyway. She sat at the table watching him pour the Blue Mountain and admiring his broad shoulders. Her guilty secret was instant cappuccino with squirty cream and chocolate powder on the top - but only once they'd all gone out. Lyndon would have a fit if he saw her drinking instant coffee, let alone if she actually tried to give him one first thing in the morning. Give him a Nescafé.
"We're all right, aren't we?" she asked.
"Any reason we shouldn't be, hon?"
She shook her head just as Ricky knocked the sugar bowl off the work surface with an Action Man. 
"I suppose this is where I say 'oh sugar!' - where’s Petya?" said Lyndon, looking round as if she might be hiding under the sink or behind the banisters.
"Her Panti’s in a twist," said Suzie. "Says he’s going back to Wherever-He's-From and of course she’s in shreds. So I sent her round to sort him out. She’ll be back later. Don't worry about this, I'll clean it up."
Lyndon kissed her cheek. "You shouldn’t let these people take advantage, honey."
"She’s normally very reliable," said Suzie.
No sooner had he and the kids disappeared than the Grey Lizard phoned. Deryck had been taken into hospital with a grumbling appendix so he was taking over for the time being and would Suzie please present herself at the office for a staff meeting? Immediately.
"No way! Officially I'm not working at all this week. I am only helping out as a favour..." Suzie stopped suddenly, surprised at herself. She wasn’t normally that assertive.
"Oh," choked the Grey Lizard. "I see. I’ll have to speak to Mr Cuepouri about this. I’m not at all in agreement, personally. You English..."
"Well, you do that," said Suzie, still amazed at her own nerve. He'd be incandescent with fury; he hated everyone except other Flemish-speaking Belgians at the best of times, and certainly wouldn’t forgive her for refusing to attend his meeting. She would just have to hope Deryck got well soon. Raising her eyebrows at herself in the mirror, she shrugged and put the phone down - but of course it rang again immediately. The usual morning rush of inter-au pair calls establishing who was meeting who, to do what, with which kids, that afternoon. Suzie fielded them all, but then the oven gloves reared their ugly heads. 
"So marvellous, Mrs Lysle!" said Bella Dance enthusiastically down the phone. "Just perfect! How clever you are! So talented! The glitter whiskers are just marvellous! I'm so sorry I wasn't in when you dropped them off. I do hope you won’t mind but you see we’ve been putting our heads together in the staff room and decided to combine the end of term tap show with the Nativity play. What do you think?"
"A tap dancing Nativity play?"
"Yes, dear little Irmak is such a beautiful tapper, and pretty too, a perfect Mermaid Mary."
"A dancing mermaid?"
"Well, a dancing Virgin Mermaid, actually..."
"Excuse me?"
"Oh yes, we're keeping the underwater theme, so we can still use the tapping prawns in the Yellow Submarine. Not to replace the Three Kings, but the prawns can replace the sheep, you see? We’ll just change the words to "We all live in a shed behind the Inn, Just near Bethlehem, Near the Sea of Galilee..." The play will be set under water, you see? So much more original for the children, don’t you think? Marvellous!"
Suzie stifled her giggles and put the phone down. The woman was stunningly insane. Autumn sunlight slanted across her desk as she checked her work emails; a screed of spammy junk, a whole list of dusty jokes from Caroline, and a mouldy-looking email from the Grey Lizard which she deleted unread. Finally, she checked Blanche’s mobile. There hadn't been a reply all week and there wouldn't be now, but checking her messages put off the evil moment when she'd have to start work. 
Bang. There it was. Blanche had a text. Her pulse started racing. From Agent B! Laughter bubbling up in her throat, she opened it: "Your licence plate at hotmail. Login private." For a split second she hadn't a clue what he meant, but only a heartbeat later she was tapping on her keyboard and seconds later she was inside a strange hotmail account which had her number plate for a name, opening a draft email which was the only thing in any of the boxes. "Far too often I look around and realise that I’m the only person in this office who works through lunch. The Europeans constantly disappear to nice restaurants but I never get further than the fifth floor canteen. So it’s time I got wise and went native. How about you, agent?"
She threw herself back in her chair and laughed out loud. So, whatever the game was, it was on. But how on earth was she supposed to reply? All she had was a draft email which didn't even have an address attached. For a second her brain went blank. Then suddenly she sat bolt upright. What if she simply changed the draft email and re-saved it? Would he be able to read it from where he was? Would she have to log out? Or was he already logged in and waiting for the draft to change. Perhaps she ought to try writing and saving a new draft?  
"Très bien," she told herself in a heavy French accent, "I have ze long beautiful scarlet nails but zey never break when I yam typing fast." 
"Moi non plus, I’m not native to Brussels either," she typed, and clicked on save. Was he there? If he was, would he be able to read her draft while she was still logged in? Her fingers quivering with excitement, she sat and stared at the screen. Then she refreshed the page and suddenly her draft email was replaced by a new one.
"I didn't think you were," came the reply. Well, where are you from, mystery woman?"
"Who knows?" typed Suzie and then couldn't think of anything else to write. A spy with her dark hair cut into a beautiful bob would cross her legs, she thought, would let one stiletto swing from her toes to bait the hook more invitingly. She pouted and wished she had some blood-red lipstick. Her fingers a blur, she typed: "I yam French, but how do any of us know where we come from? Perhaps we are all merely figments of ze imagination? Merely characters in a book."
The phone started ringing and she growled at it. Go away! Zut! She was too busy to mess around with ze telephone calls. She hit save and immediately started refreshing the page.
"In which case we have nothing to lose because we don’t know each other," he replied more or less instantly. "We have never met and perhaps we will never exchange phone numbers, addresses, dates of birth. Perhaps I’ll always simply be B. And you?"
"Blanche," she typed.
"Blanche and Agent B. Bed and Breakfast. Does that sound good to you?"
Suzie raised her eyebrows. 
"So since we have nothing to lose, perhaps we could tell each other the truth," he continued.
"Ze virtual reality?" 
"I dare you," he typed back and she could imagine that beautiful man rubbing his chin impatiently, his long fingers twitching as he waited for her response.
Suddenly Suzie lost it. Who was Blanche anyway and what on earth was she doing flirting with her own husband in a series of draft emails? 
"I don’t know," she replied. "What if I don’t have any inner reality? What if I don’t know who I am or where I come from?" 
"I'll tell the truth if you do," he typed.
"I don’t want to get recalled, but I want to experience this freedom and truth..." typed Suzie, trying desperately to get back into Blanche's skin.
"You sound so American. Are you sure you aren’t from the Pentagon?" typed Agent B.
"If I dare to tell the truth, so must you," typed Suzie quickly. "Is it a pact?"
"I do," he replied.
"Are you a spy?" It was a question she'd been dying to ask for years.
"If you want the truth, yes. In a way."
Suzie's eyes widened into shiny little saucers. She was married to a spy. Oh my God! What did he spy on? Or more to the point, who? Or was that just part of the game? She rattled her fingers lightly across the keyboard as she wondered what to say. "I 'ave never been to America," she typed feeling more like Blanche again. "I 'ave no allegiance to America. Zey say I was born in Paris, but I do not remember the event myself so how do I know if it is true? Mais voilà I dream in French, so I suppose that is my first language and I suppose I yam French."
"I was born in Neverland," answered Agent B. "One of the lost boys."
"So you live your life on the run from the crocodile?"
"No, I grew up."
"Are you sure?"
With a big grin on her face, she swung back on her chair and waited for his reply. She stared at the screen. Was he still there? She hit the refresh button impatiently, but there was nothing. Either he'd been called away or wasn't playing any more. Or was hotmail running slow? She refreshed again. Zut! Still nothing. But the little envelope in the corner of her screen was practically throbbing with urgency. She sighed, and opened her emails.
The Grey Lizard, fanned into fury by her defiance, had obviously not been idle. He'd sent her no less than fifteen messages; the last one in 24-point screaming scarlet caps. Her mouse hovered over delete, but then she shook her head and started reading through them. Nothing unexpected; just pure hatred. She deleted them all off her machine and had another look at the hotmail address, but there was nothing new. Sighing, she switched back to the document she was supposed to be re-writing.
"As with rabbits, agricultural rearing and the possibility of entry into the food chain prevents effective veterinary treatment of domestic live-stock reared for pleasure or sport," she read out loud. She switched screens and refreshed. Still no reply from Agent B. "Because some rabbits and horses are reared for meat, not many medicines are licensed for use on them," she typed. Poor neddies, poor bunnies, she thought... I wonder what I’d look like with dark hair? Must practice my French accent. He replied! He replied! Agent B! Concentrate. Bunnies are meat, get serious. Stewed rabbit, horse steaks, he replied! I've been emailing a spy!
An hour later, she was relieved to hear the front door open because it gave her an excuse to abandon all pretence of working. And after a last longing look at her dormant hotmail account, she went downstairs, switching into perfect mother mode as she went. Petya had picked the kids up and brought them home for lunch, but her eyes were red and she positively reeked of Gauloises. Luckily the kids were still too young to notice. They’d had an extremely successful morning at the circus workshop and were clamouring to sign up for the Christmas classes.
"Mommy, Mommy, I’m gonna be a clown with a big wed nose!" said Judy hoping from foot to foot.
"Come and sit up," said Suzie, steering her towards a kitchen chair. "Lunch, Petya!"
"I really need to practice, you know, Mom? Can I buy a diabolo? I’ll only use it in the garden," said Ricky, as Suzie slid a dish of cold cauliflower cheese into the microwave. She nodded at him, handing plates round and doling out tomato salad. "Okay. How much? Where do you buy them? Can you get one at the workshop?"
"I think they’re like, um, probably not the cheapest ones, Mom."
"I don’t think that matters, darling. If you’re really keen on it, why don’t you get one tomorrow? I’ll pay for it when I pick you up, or do you want me to give you some money so you can pay for it yourself?"
"You’d do that?"
"Sure. Why not? Petya, eat up! You’re a good boy. You deserve it."
"And me!" shouted Judy. "I wanna present too!"
"Well, we’ll see, little bun. You’re a very good girl too, but you can’t just have something every time I buy Ricky something."
"Mo-mmy!"
"That’s enough, Judy."
 "Snot fair!" sulked Judy, kicking at the legs of her chair.
"Nope. Life isn’t," said Suzie. She winked at Ricky, who flushed with pleasure and winked back.
"Petya!" she said brightly.
"Yes, I listening."
"Cheer up. You’re meeting Rosie and the girls this afternoon. At Play World."
"Hooray!" said Judy flinging a slice of tomato across the table as her eyes lit up with excitement. "Play World!"
"Mom!" said Ricky. "That’s for babies."
"Yes, but diabolos aren’t, are they? Come on, Ricky, I’m busy this afternoon. You can do something more grown up tomorrow. Promise."
"Play World..." muttered Petya as if she were reciting a funeral service. "So loffly for children."
"That’s it. Chin up," said Suzie. "Best foot forward. Just think about the party, Petya. I promise, I’ll have a go at Hank for you. But now, I gotta get this party organised."
The rest of the week disappeared in a whirl of orange spiders, ghostie lights, phone calls to the caterers, snatched sessions of sketching mermaids and fielding calls from the Grey Lizard jumbled up with a desperate search for a party frock that wasn’t too small, extra glasses, Kleenex sessions with Petya, and one small puddle of sanity when Barbara offered to arrive early and help out. 
And through it all Suzie hugged her precious new secret close to her heart: Blanche luvs Agent B. It was easy for her to write draft emails without anyone commenting on it, but she was amazed at how many drafts he managed to write in return. During the day of course there was no mystery; he was obviously sitting in his office with a computer right in front of him. But she sometimes even received cryptic little texts in the evenings when Lyn was dozing on the sofa. How on earth did he manage it? 
She watched him like a hawk and if he disappeared into his study or nipped out for a newspaper, within minutes she would race upstairs to check her hotmail account - and she was almost never disappointed.
But sometimes he would be out of the house long enough to have sent Blanche the whole of War and Peace and there would be nothing. Equally, sometimes when she was sure he couldn't have got within a mouse's whisker of any kind of technology without her seeing him, she would find a nice long draft lounging around in her hotmail account.  
"Mobiles are not secure," he typed. "Anyone could be listening, anyone could eaves-drop a conversation or read a texto..."
"Je le sais!"
"And I want to keep you all to myself."
She was sure it was Lyndon but all the same it was extraordinary; she couldn't detect the slightest sign of it in his behaviour. Lyn went to work, came home, bathed Judy, played with Ricky, watched classic movies, listened to his jazz collection and if she ever passed him on the stairs or in the hall, kissed Suzie's cheek affectionately. He was just as urbane and civilised as ever. No agitation or excitement, no lipstick on his collar, no new habits or different working hours, nothing. Perhaps once or twice a twinkling glint of amusement when he thought she wasn't looking, but that could easily be her imagination. They had snatched conversations as they rushed in and out of the house competing for the perfect parent of the year award.  
"How are you, Lyn?"
"Fine, hon. Just waiting for something."
"What are you waiting for?"
"Oh, a life-affirming event or something similar. How about you?"
She could hardly admit that she was living for Agent B's next communication. "Oh I'm fine," she muttered and turned away so as to hide a huge grin that simply refused to be wiped off her face. 
"You're not a mystery woman, then," wrote Agent B. "A philosopher, more likely. As for our origins, well, you might be a character in a book, but I am certainly not because fictional characters live plots. I live a routine."
"Until now? Now when you start emailing ze unknown females, n’est pas?"
"Very good! Is this where the novel starts?"
"Or did it begin several chapters ago?"
"Maybe even before that."
"Bof. Shrug."
"You can’t just write bof shrug!"
"Ah, non? You are the email police, then?"
Still grinning, Suzie went off to Carrefour with her head full of witty replies. For all he knew, she was Blanche. For all she knew he could be anyone at all. 
The traffic was terrible. Everyone in Brussels seemed to be out buying orange spiders, and it took hours to get down the Avenue de Tervueren and even longer to get to Auderghem which meant that by the time Suzie managed to snatch a trolley from under the nose of an unsuspecting newcomer to Brussels - who obviously hadn’t realised that Carrefour trolleys are at a premium - she only had a few minutes left in which to do a grab-and-dash mission.
But as she pushed through the tall doors into the mall, she couldn't resist the temptation to be Blanche while she did the shopping. After all, the kids were fine, no-one would ever know. She splayed her sturdy, practical hands out on the trolley handle and told herself that she was actually on the run. Wanted in 25 countries. Inside her head, unsuspected by the other shoppers, Suzie's imagination took over. Being Blanche while doing the weekly haul was so much more fun than just being herself. And although it was a guilty sin, who was she hurting? Bye-bye Suzie, hello Blanche. Blanche, glorious Blanche, who didn't know the meaning of the word guilt and didn't intend to discover it. 
Suzie gazed at her hands and in her imagination they were now beautifully manicured. She could feel her elegantly-arched feet rising out of vertiginous black stilettos and hear the noise of her sharp heels clicking as she bestrode the shiny floor. When Agent B finally met Blanche, oh how his eyes would widen with lust.
Poised and elegant, Blanche caressed her lips with the tip of her tongue and wafted past the turnstyle into the rumbling belly of the commercial beast. Naturally, the security man almost fainted with lust at the sight of her. Not that Blanche noticed. She was too busy thinking about Agent B, his big, strong hands and long, powerful fingers. Imagining them sliding over her hips, she swung her cute ass into the fruit and vegetables section. There, Blanche caressed a small firm melon, ran her index finger over the carrots, and casually eyed up the other shoppers as she selected blushing pink grapes and a bunch of thrusting bananas. With her chin tucked in, she shook her hair and a glossy black wing caressed her mute, vulnerable mouth.
Thoroughly enjoying herself, completely immersed in being Blanche, Suzie she gazed around the supermarket. Blanche's pulse as racing, her dark eyes were unfocused, her lips swollen and her bosom heaving. Every operative in Brussels shopped in the Auderghem Carrefour. In fact, the place was absolutely teaming with international spies. So Blanche swept seductive sideways looks under her lashes at total strangers in the aisles. Especially male strangers. Men. Tall men. Because they were practically always hostile spies. Carrying loaded pistols. Walking around fully armed and ready to shoot. In fact, one of these men could be Agent B in disguise. Maybe he was following her? She loaded several kilos of vegetables into her trolley at random.
Swallowing a bubble of laughter, Suzie told herself that Agent Dubois could spot the telltale bulge of a shoulder holster at twenty paces. And because she was not only superbly well-trained in all combat disciplines but was also permanently at peak mental and physical fitness, she could disarm an enemy operative in under 10 seconds. If she had to. Suzie ripped a plastic bag off the roll with un-necessary violence. Blanche and danger were old friends, but fear was an unknown ghost to her. In her short life, Blanche had faced the grim reaper and outwitted him a hundred times, laughing in his face, whirling his scythe to the floor, spitting poisoned wine at his feet, dodging bullets and snapping on the parachute at the last moment.
Lost in her fantasy, Suzie filled her plastic bag with apples without even bothering to check for bruised bits. Blanche the Unbreakable, she thought, Blanche the Bionic. That's what her colleagues called her. But Blanche didn’t care what her colleagues said. Off-duty, her numerous lovers knew her for a woman of quivering flesh and blood, burning passion and animal magnetism, right through to the shivering vibrant core of her orgasm.
For a second Suzie was disorientated. Orgasms? Surely even Blanche couldn't have spontaneously orgasms in a supermarket? She shook her head. Today, she told herself, Blanche Dubois was off duty and - although naturally she had slipped a miniaturised digital revolver into the top of her black lace garter that morning - she wasn’t expecting trouble. She was just shopping like any other career girl, with maybe just a little part of her mind occupied by the imaginary image of the beautiful Agent B stripping off his shirt to reveal taut muscles and flesh... 
Her full lips parted as she pushed her trolley down the pet food aisle, her mouth drying at the sight of the choke chains and fierce metal dog collars. She resisted the distraction however and strolled on, casually selecting an expensive bottle of Moët Light for later, the glossy black leather of her well-cut pencil skirt sliding smoothly over her buttocks.
Naturally, spies always seduced their targets, thought Suzie, taking a random left turn into the gardening aisle and mentally slipping into a French accent. Why should Monsieur Bond have all the fun? As she rounded the corner by the automobile maintenance products, she thought why stop there? Why should Blanche only seduce spies? Why not everyone? She licked her lips, tossed her beautifully cut hair off her face, eased her shoulders back and slid her best stiletto forward thinking that by the time Blanche arrived, looking helplessly post-coital, at the apéro snack section, men all over the supermarket would be staring with undisguised lust at her perfect body.
Not that Blanche would become trapped by lust. Oh no. She was no fool. She could be seduced by a man's body, bien sûr, but without surrendering more than her own lingerie. Certainly not her whole life. Gazing at the shelves, she gave a small shrug. Needless to say, she didn't eat snacks herself. But sometimes she served them. With martinis. In her immaculate bachelor pad with shiny floors, white fur rugs, chrome, crystal, black leather, and outsize scarlet blooms.
She entertained a lot thought Suzie, absent-mindedly loading up her trolley; politicians and government agents, film stars, Russian philosophers, powerful millionaires, and people from work like, you know, other spies. So she had to keep her immaculate bachelor pad well stocked with adult amuse-gueules... glossy Japanese rice crackers, gourmet Asian puffs. Absolutely not multi-packs of Smiths cheese-n-onion with the free cartoon CD offer. Sophisticated snacks were her choice, and Bitters, Campari, expensive sherry, dry Martini and London Gin. Along with the Moët Light, of course. The odd bottle of Schweppes herb and bamboo essence. 
Certainly no pineapple crush with real pulp’n’bits in, or Tellie Tube choc-drink with the straws glued on the side. Never. Non, non et non! 
Having exhausted the possibilities of the crisps section, Blanche sashayed off to the freezers where the cold air condensed on her hot fragrant flesh, causing little crystal drops of water to roll slowly down her breasts and soak into her cleavage. At the very sight of Blanche leaning further into the chilly depths of the fish cabinet, a man on the other side of the freezer dropped his shopping list; his senses overcome by her raw sexuality. Pleased with this latest invention, Suzie glanced around. Surely Carrefour's tiled floor must be covered with unconscious men? But there was no one. They must have been removed by the security guards. Or maybe de-vaporised by aliens. Gazing into the freezers, she took out a family pack of fish fingers and went back to her fantasy. 
Blanche carelessly made her way to the deli section where, completely ignoring the bargain price family tub of humus, she bought small amounts of hare pâté with Poire Williams, black bread, white cheese, a selection of pre-washed mixed leaves, a handful of miniature vegetables, and of course, a bunch of outsize scarlet blooms. The fresh stuff, Suzie told herself, was just in case Blanche decided not to go out to dinner one night, because you know, she gets taken out to expensive dinners almost every night. She has absolutely no time for 10-kilo sacks of special mashing potatoes, or baked beans, or any kind of chocolate, and of course she doesn’t buy frozen pizzas or multi-packs of sausages. She doesn't even know they exist. 
At the checkout, Suzie picked up a magazine at random. Anything to escape the boredom. Blanche flicked her long nails through a glossy magazine as she waited in line, although of course she wasn’t actually reading it. Oh no. Her perfectly trained ear was straining for the least scrap of conversation. Behind the calm mask of her exquisite face, every nerve was alert as she studied the others in the queue. At least one of them could turn out to be an enemy agent. She was off-duty but an agent of her calibre was never entirely off-guard. Out of habit, Blanche noted exactly who bought what, how much and how they paid, as well as the names on their loyalty cards. She often verified identities that way, and sometimes shopping habits too. People are so careless with information, she thought scornfully. 
She paid in cash, as always. Blanche disliked leaving a trail, even when she wasn’t working. And that day in Carrefour, she confused the issue even further by deliberately dropping misleading bits of information. In fact, she told the checkout girl that her daughter liked frozen pizza and that her son wouldn't drink pineapple juice unless it had bits in. 
Now is that bizarre or what, thought Suzie. I’ve imagined being someone else in order to escape being myself only to discover that when I am being her, she is impersonating me. She shoved her loyalty card and her change back into her purse and pushed the trolley past the central heating promotion stall and the cheap shoe shop towards the exit and then stopped suddenly, wondering whether she should buy a trench coat. And perhaps a petrol-blue beret. The crowds milled aimlessly round the plastic mall, converging and parting like the leaves of a rose as she as stood stock-still. A new coat wasn't going nearly far enough. A makeover. What she needed was a makeover. A whole new look...
"Sus-annah! I've been trying to ring you! I thought you might be here! Saw your car outside!"
It was Penelope, quacking on about jodhpurs. Flushing with irritation, Suzie made an excuse about timeframes and a dash for the sliding doors. In the car park, she piled her shopping briskly into the back of the car, slammed her trolley into the park, retrieved her one euro piece and leapt smartly into the car, making sure not to look around. The last thing she wanted was to bump into anyone else and have to spend half an hour discussing frightful Mrs Frinton or Klaudia’s riding stable party - did she care whether or not Judy was jodding?
All she wanted, and the mere thought made her tingle, was another draft email exchange. As she queued to get out of the car park, the windscreen wipers periodically jerking into action, headlights flashing in all directions, laughter welled up in her throat. She was undoubtedly off her head, completely barking, but she didn't give a toss. If this was insanity, it was brilliant. In the drizzle and the dark, the wet black road stretched out like an invitation and she felt more alive than she had for years. As soon as she got into the garage, she dragged Blanche's phone out of her bag. "You know my name," she texted laboriously on the solid old keypad. "So what's the B stand for? What's your name?"
She thought that might stump him but no, only a few minutes later, while she was still hauling shopping bags out of the car, his reply arrived. "I had assumed that Blanche was an alias. Is it not?"
"What is your name?"
"What is a rose? Let's just stick with Agent B."
"Pourquoi?"
"I wouldn't want to expose you to needless danger."
"Bof," typed Suzie. "Who cares? No identities, no real names. Where do you live?"
She clicked on send, dragged the bags upstairs to the kitchen and started cutting carrot sticks for the kids but he didn't reply and within half an hour she'd found an excuse to nip upstairs and bingo - a draft was already there on hotmail.
"Where do I live? I'm hoping to move soon. Meet me."
Suzie laughed out loud and blushed. He wanted a date! Had he guessed Blanche's real identity? If he hadn't, how would he react if she went to meet him? Would that end this marvellous new game? She frowned. Surely he already knew who she was... 
"I'm working," she typed. "Away. V busy... away..."
"I insist. I want us to meet. In the flesh."
"I'm out of town," she replied. "On a job."
"When are you back?" he demanded.
And simultaneously she heard the front door slam, "Honey I'm home!" and there was Lyndon, thumping up the stairs. Shaking all over, she switched pages, grabbed a bunch of papers and rustled them about busily.
"Are you in there, hon?" he said coming into her study. "Just wondered if you wanted a cup of tea?" She eyed him up. Was he just a tad out of breath? Just a teeny bit excited?
"Sure," she said trying not to blush.
"Or are you busy" he asked, looking steadily at the computer.
"No not at all," she said, feeling herself going hot and pink, "Why? Should I be?" "Oh, no reason," he said smiling airily. "What are you doing up here?"
She looked at him. Was he laughing at her? He must know exactly what she was doing in there. She went downstairs with him and tried hard to stay focused on real life, but the minute no-one was paying attention she surreptitiously checked Blanche's phone.
"No more chat. I absolutely must meet you face to face. I'll buy you lunch. Just say when," read Agent B's text.
The butterflies in Suzie's stomach turned cartwheels and then one of them broke a wing and she felt a sudden stabbing pain. If she met him, he'd recognise her instantly and everything would be spoiled. She shook her head. It had been fun but this was going too far. It was just plain silly now. And what if Agent B wasn't Lyndon? She wouldn't reply. 
Wearing her cold sensible face, she deleted all the texts. Time to get on with real life. Surely there must be something needing her attention? Something her family needed her to organise, clean, mend or buy.
Half term hurtled on like an express train but, by dint of fierce concentration, Suzie thought she'd just about stayed on board. On Friday, grilling chicken, she heard the key in the front door and Ricky and Judy burst into the house, scattered their belongings all over the hall floor and flew into the kitchen.
"Mommy, Mommy, I gotta prize!"
"They gave everyone prizes, Jude. They always do on the last day." 
She shooed the pair of them upstairs to wash their hands and looked around for Petya. Where was she? She found her standing in the hall, leaning her back against the front door with black rivers of mascara raining down her cheeks. 
"Come on," said Suzie putting her arm round her skinny little frame. "Come and sit down."
Petya allowed herself to be led into the kitchen, where she flopped down at the table like a cut tulip, sobbing so hard that black salt water started dripping through her fingers into foaming puddles on the antique wood.
"I lo-loo-looo-lose my Panti! He is gone!"
"He’s only gone to Moldova, Petya."
"Yes, yes, but there we heff nothink. Hiss femily vill make him stay and work. Working, working, always working. Just money, money, money! I heff no visa, he will nefer come back and I heff loose him!"
"Oh dear. Well, never mind. Would you like an aspirin or something? How about some ice cream?"
Petya raised her tragic face and stared at her incredulously.
"I know. I’m sorry. I don’t mean to be so useless, Petya. I do feel for you. I really do. But we’ve got the Halloween party tomorrow afternoon, it’s going to be chaos here, and I really need you to help me. I can’t deal with the kids, the caterers, the magician, the furniture moving, the cleaning... I just can’t do it all on my own. You can't die of a broken heart - honestly Petya it's not possible. I swear! Look, why don’t you take the car, and get yourself something nice for the party tomorrow?"
Petya shrugged, looking as bleak as a January morning.
"Okay, here’s some pocket money," said Suzie dredging a fifty-euro note out of her purse. "Compensation."
A large wobbly tear washed yet more mascara down Petya’s skinny face.
"Call it a Halloween present then," said Suzie quickly. "Please, Petie, pretty please! You have to pull yourself together! A little outing will do you good. Look, here take a hundred."
After a long pause, Petya nodded and wiped her eyes with her finger.
"Why’s Petie cwying?" asked Judy, coming back into the kitchen at that moment. "Is she ill, Mommy?"
"She just had something in her eye," said Suzie.
"Your face is all black, Petie."
Ricky went and stood mutely beside Petya and she gave him a watery smile.
"I heff a bee in my eye," she said. "I go for a walk now."
"I should clean up, first!" said Suzie making circular motions at her face. Petya nodded and Suzie got on with lunch. The caterers were due the next morning and would need to take over the entire kitchen, so she had to make sure it was clean and tidy, and she had to move the furniture around in the dining room so as to make a space for Marvo to do his stuff, and of course, she had to put the kids’ decorations up. Perfect moms did not fall in love with nutters by text. Not even if the nutter was their husband. Which he was. Wasn't he?  
Then the phone rang. It was her mother. Her fantasy life fled. 
"Hello, Mother. How are you?"
"Terrifically good actually. Just got back from Somerset."
"How’s Julia?"
"Fine, fine. They’ve gone back to France now of course. The twins have got braces. Hideous. But I didn’t ring up about them. It’s about Christmas. Are you sure I won’t be in the way?"
"Of course..."
"Because Julia and Leo are going skiing."
"But we're expecting you to come to us for Christmas."
"Darling! How sweet of you!" she exclaimed and Suzie shook her head down the line. Tucking the phone under her ear, and murmuring yes and no at appropriate intervals, she left the kids eating stewed apricots, and climbed wearily upstairs. She’d have to work out something really clever if Mary the Virgin Mermaid was going to be able to tap dance. "That would be nice," continued her mother. "So long since I’ve seen you all. And how is Judith? And Richard? And Lindsay?"
"Lyndon." Suzie flipped a sketchpad open and started doodling fish tails.
"Everyone fine, are they? 
"Do you know, mother, I’d really like to ring you back later. OK?" She ripped the top sheet off the pad and hurled it into the bin. A tap-dancing mermaid! Bloody hell. She wondered viciously if the infant in the crib was also going to be wearing tap shoes.
"Yes, darling, well that brings me on to one tiny quick little comment I wanted to make before I ring off, if I may?"
"What is it?" Perhaps they were king prawns not three kings. Bringing gifts of salt, vinegar and ketchup. Lobsters, king prawns, tapping tutti-fruttis, whatever kind of sea-life they were, she ought to get cracking on them. She doodled a king with dolphin flippers and a bottle of ketchup in one hand, scribbled over it, and started sketching mermaid tails again.
"Well dear, I don’t agree with interfering in-laws, and I don’t think it’s anybody’s business but your own, but I have been noticing that you and Lindsay don’t seem to talk much any more."
"Bu..."
"Caroline was saying the same thing. She noticed it when she came to see you last month."
"Bu..."
"So I just thought, woman to woman, have you thought about sex toys? Naughty underwear, darling. Handcuffs and so forth. Now don’t be embarrassed, darling. We’re all liberated women nowadays..."
"Mothe..."
"Your father and I..."
"Way too much information!"
"That could be your problem, darling. I’m so sorry to say it, but have you ever considered that you might be just a tad old fashioned? Prudish?"
"Thanks," said Suzie desperately. "I’ll er... talk to Lyn about it."
"But he might prefer to be surprised. I could send you a pair of handcuffs if you like?"
"No, don’t worry, mother..." She broke off, stifling hysterical giggles.
"You see, all that sniggering. It’s just not sexy, darling."
By the time she finally put the phone down on her mother, Suzie was not just giggling, she was sitting on the floor with tears of hysteria pouring down her face. "Pull yourself together!" she told herself sternly. "Think party. Think Penelope. Think Penelope’s snotty nose inspecting your house! Think of her posting pictures of your messy bathroom on Facebook!"
And the thought of Penelope wiped the smile off her face instantly.
CHAPTER FOUR



By Saturday afternoon, the caterers were bustling confidently in the kitchen, the entrance hall was festooned with orange and black spiders and Marvo, poured into sparkling trousers and a tailcoat, was lurking in the utility room. Paula had arrived to help out with hats and coats, and everyone was washed and brushed and dressed in their party best. Even Petya had managed to pull herself together, although she was thinner than ever, almost transparent, as if she no longer wanted to physically exist.
"Congratulations, hon," said Lyndon, putting his arm round Suzie's waist. "What time are we expecting everyone?"
"Any time now. Are you going to wear this mask?"
He looked down at the Halloween mask hanging from her fingers by an elastic string.
"Mmmm, probably not," he said. "Disguises tend to lead to confusion, don’t you think?"
"Do they? Really?" What did he mean? Was he talking in code again?
"I’d hate our guests not to recognise their host," he said smoothly, and strolled away.
Resolutely concentrating on Halloween, Suzie left him dipping his long fingers into the mulled wine and went upstairs to her sewing room to see how the kids were getting on. She’d cleared a space on her cutting table so they could have snacks to keep them going until the proper party food was served.
"Hi!" she said brightly, popping her head round the door. "Everyone happy?"
"I heff no life," muttered Petya, and her Bulgarian friend Paula nodded sympathetically as she spread Nutella for Judy.
"Your new frock looks nice. Green suits you," Suzie encouraged her. "You look lovely. Really you do!"
"I feel only pain."
"Yess, yess," sighed Paula.
"I gotta pain too, Petie," said Judy. "I gotta a bump on my bum. From sitting on Barbie."
"Won’t he be back soon?" said Paula.
"Of course he will!" said Suzie cheerfully.
"No, no, my Panti's off forever," said Petya. "His femily will keep him away from here. But life, life however terrible, must go on." Paula shook her head dolefully and Petya absent-mindedly wiped the Nutella knife on the mayonnaise jar. 
"Oops," said Suzie, taking the knife firmly away from her. "Was that the doorbell?"
"I got it!" called Lyndon from the hall. He and Ricky had spent all morning fixing up a series of flashing ghosts running across the hall into the sitting room and finally appearing to dash straight out of the window and disappear. "Hey, Ricky! Come on down here, son! The spooks are working!" Ricky squeezed past Paula, and dashed down the stairs. "Ah, Barbara!" Suzie heard Lyndon exclaim, and wondered if his voice wasn’t just a tad higher than normal. "Ricky!" he said loudly. "You wanna show these guys the spooks?"
Spooks, thought Suzie. Was he talking about ghosts? Or spies? With Judy tagging along and covering her skirt in chocolate fingerprints, she put an indulgent smile on her lips, tugged her black and silver mask over her eyes and shepherded Petya and Paula down to the hall to rescue Lyndon. Not that Barbara had him pinned down at gunpoint or anything; she was merely wearing a golden wig and showing off a matching cleavage.
"Darling hello!" exclaimed Barbara, waving freshly painted nails. "And who are you?" she asked, kneeling down to be level with Judy, prancing with excitement at Suzie’s side. "Snow White or Sleeping Beauty?"
"I’m a pwincess!" said Judy, her voice swooping upwards with incipient hysteria.
"You’re daddy’s best girl!" said Lyndon, scooping her up. "Come and see the lights. Come on, guys!"
"Hi, Barbara," said Suzie, rolling her eyes. "Thanks for coming early."
"What can I do?" said Barbara, turning her very own miniature David Beckham over to Lyndon. "Is it chaos?"
"No, it’s fine actually. I’m rather amazed at myself, but I think we’ve got it all sorted. The caterers delivered everything this afternoon and are busy-beeing in the kitchen, the children’s tea is all laid out in the dining room, and I finished the costumes and the decorations last night."
"How about the Jack-o-Lantern?"
"So far the staples haven’t gone rusty."
"Ours must have found the brandy last night," said Barbara. "He was out flat this morning."
"Nightmare," grinned Suzie, tucking the long silver mask strands behind her ears. "Shall I see if I can find a drink? Do you want tea or fortifications?
"Oh assistance, definitely," said Barbara, hiking her cleavage up. "For what we about to inflict on ourselves."
"May the Lord make our children truly thankful."
"Fat chance."
"White wine?"
"Perfect."
She followed Suzie through the door at the back of the marble-floored entrance hall and into the kitchen where the caterers were standing by the French windows smoking, and Petya was doling jellybeans into silver bowls.
"Right, Petya," said Suzie. "That’s brilliant. Can you and Paula take the kids into the front room now? Er, play statues with them or something, until all the others get here? Don’t forget your mask! Thank you." She pulled a bottle of wine out of the vast American fridge, poured it out and handed Barbara a glittering crystal glassful. "Chin," she said, downing it in one go and dabbing at her bosom.
"What’s wrong with Petya?" asked Barbara.
"Terminal love pangs," said Suzie, refilling their glasses. "Panti is no more."
"Was that the bell?"
"Think so."
"Did you get the magician in the end, by the way?"
"Mission accomplished," Suzie said over her shoulder as she went to open the front door. "Marvo’s in the utility room, ready to strut his stuff the minute all the little darlings have arrived."
"Top marks," grinned Barbara. "Have you been warming him up?"
"No, I have not!"
"Perhaps you ought to send Petya in there, then."
Suzie shook her head and swung the front door wide open. Faces crowded in. "Hello!" "Hello!" "Hi there!" "Oh, hi!" "Hello!" "Yah!" Everyone came bursting in at once, their winter coats, bright scarves and masks bringing a whiff of autumn wood smoke into the house. The children were all dressed up, Americans in zombie and ghoul outfits, Europeans mainly as pirates, cowboys, princesses and fairies.   
"It’s rather jolly, isn’t it?" said Sebastian’s mother indulgently, surveying the paper chains of orange spiders slung across the wide hall. "Halloween. We never used to have it here in Brussels, but personally I think it brightens things up. Even if it is rather trans-Atlantic." Barbara rolled her eyes and dug her in the ribs. "But I know Lyndon is American!" she honked. "I wasn’t suggesting..."
"Jolly good," said Suzie brightly. "Shall we all go through? This is Paula, she’ll take your coats. Children in here! Now, we’re all going to sit down. No, Ricky, you sit at the back with the other big ones. Little ones at the front, that’s right. Barbara can you get the door?"
For the next fifteen minutes the doorbell rang solidly and the hall was crammed with parents and children taking hats and coats off, putting masks on and admiring the Halloween decorations until Suzie thought that all the children had arrived. Thankful that she had such well-trained friends, she did a quick headcount. 
"Okay, everyone sitting down?" she called. "Everyone comfortable? No-one hiding in the bathroom? Now, children I’d like you all to give a nice warm welcome to our entertainer for this afternoon - Marvo the Magician!" She nodded across the sea of excited little faces at Lyndon, who flung open the door on the other side of the hall.
Marvo picked up a large gold suitcase and cakewalked into the sitting room propelled by a comprehensive bottom groping from Barbara. "Bonjour, Ladies and gentlemen," he said. "It is a pleasure to be in Bottom. Er, Birmingham, Berlin..."
"Bwussels!" shouted Judy.
"Brussels?" he said, amazed. "No, no... impossible! It isn’t time for Brussels sprouts." He pulled his cuff back to look at his watch and a white dove flew out of his sleeve, circled the room and settled on the magician’s hat. The children all aahed and oohed. "What?" he demanded. "What?" He launched into a classic where-here-there routine which had even the most hard-boiled brats laughing within minutes. 
Suzie rolled her eyes at the parents standing at the back and made refreshment signs. Lyn winked back and mouthed that he would stay put. Marvo was easily the most popular magician on the children’s party circuit so all the kids had seen his routine dozens of times before, but they loved it and he rang the changes often enough to keep them guessing. Leaving Lyn to keep an eye on the proceedings, Suzie slipped out.
The caterers had set up a large table covered in white damask in the entrance hall, where Paula was now serving mulled wine and gingerbread. Suzie shepherded the first few people over there, and before long the scent of cinnamon and cloves had wafted into the dining room and the other parents came nosing over for their share. Some of them drifted back to watch the show and the others started ostentatiously quiet conversations in corners.
Suzie milled around for a bit, making sure everyone was happy and keeping an eye on the children, but they were fine. Every beady little eye was glued to the doves. In fact, even their parents were mesmerised. The party was going fine. She could relax. She could even afford to play truant if she liked. She stepped back beside the newel post of the banisters and closed her eyes for a second.
She felt fizzy inside. Playing at being Blanche while the entire house was full of gossipy expats was insane, but that was the point. Otherwise, she would just be hosting yet another smoothly-organised, crucifyingly predictable social event. Nothing exciting would happen, nothing different. But if she was actually a spy disguised as a housewife then it would be exciting. This is ze moment, she said to herself in Blanche's low husky voice. She backed slowly up the stairs and pouted at her reflection in a wall mirror. She was sure that no-one had seen her leave the party, but even if they had, well, no-one would guess that she wasn’t the lady of the house. Her disguise was parfait.
One floor up, Blanche slid sideways into Lyndon’s study, tugged her silver glitter mask off and sat down at his desk. Was Lyndon ze Agent B or not? She turned his laptop on and while it woke up, thought that with so little time to spare, Blanche wouldn't waste a second. Blanche, thought Suzie, would undo the top button of her blouse, remove a flexible metal probe (or failing that, a narrow metal nail file) from her magnificent décolleté and slip it slowly into the lock of the central drawer of Lyndon’s desk. Listening intently, her heart pounding and a light sweat gleaming on her ivory skin, Blanche's sensitive fingers turned slowly, seeking the soft spot hidden inside the mechanism. She edged her way gradually towards the core, moving slowly, sliding further in, and noting that the whole mechanism was oiled and ready, almost as if someone had prepared it especially for her to release.
Suddenly Suzie stiffened. What was that noise in the garden? Springing to her feet, she crossed the room in a trice and stood by the window. There it was again. Cautiously, she looked out into the garden, and saw someone climbing stealthily up the cast iron steps to the veranda, which gave onto the dining room. Who the hell was he? Pulling her mask back over her face, she leaned closer to the window. The man was taking a small silver box from his jacket pocket. A camera. He was taking photos of the people inside the house. Suzie could hardly believe it. Whoever he was, a private detective, a pervy weirdo, a thief casing the joint, a jealous neighbour... a real live spy was taking pictures of their boring expat party! 
Fascinated, she watched as the man climbed carefully down beside the railings and across so that he could see into the kitchen windows. More pictures. And then he leapt back into the garden, and the moment he landed on the grass, he looked up. She instantly reared away from the window. She didn't think he'd seen her, but she'd seen enough of him to recognise their gardener. What in hell was he up to? 
Glancing at the gold watch on her wrist, she frowned and turned the computer off again. Who cared what Lyndon was playing at when their gardener was climbing about on the veranda with a camera? Here was a real live mystery, and she was the woman to solve it. Hastily adjusting her mask, she padded downstairs and slipped into her position on the bottom stair. It was time to forget about spies and once again play her prize winning housewife and hostess role. Coming out of the dining room, Lyndon caught Suzie's eye with an intimate little smile and then he dutifully turned his attention back to Adela.
"You see," thought Suzie. "We are the perfect couple." Did Lyndon know their gardener was spying on them? Was he himself a spy? Did he realise that Adela was an eagle-eyed social gossip? That the teachers at school asked their kids to write about their holidays with Mummy and Daddy? That the neighbours watched their every entrance and exit? That her parents were watching their marriage for signs of weakness? They were surrounded on all sides. Did he know they were living with spies? 
She watched him deftly parrying Barbara’s outrageous advances, and stepping out from behind the newel post, slipped through the guests intending to take a stroll in the back yard. "Suzie!" called Barbara. She was mucking about, trying to fish a slice of spiced orange out of Lyn's glass and Adela was firmly boring for Brussels, dribbling on about running mah-jong coffee mornings at the British and Commonwealth Women’s Association. "Suzie, come and make us laugh!" hooted Barbara and everyone turned round to look. So there was nothing to do but smile nicely and stand beside Adela the mah-jong queen. Spying on the gardener would have to wait.
"Well, ma’am, that’s something I didn’t know," Lyndon said, absolutely straight-faced, and then a minute later, "Well, I’m glad to hear you say that, ma’am." It was extraordinary, thought Suzie. He was being almost more boring than Adela, and simultaneously managing to keep Barbara at arm's length without either woman realising what he was doing. He'd have made a brilliant actor. Or a spy.
Turning her attention back to Barbara's antics, she grinned and raised her eyebrows. There was no doubt about it, the woman was definitely flirting with Lyndon, leaning up against him as she slowly sucked the flesh off a strip of orange peel. But she wasn’t serious. Barbara flirted with everyone. In any case, Lyndon wasn’t taking the slightest bit of notice. No, Barbara was just on heat. And a bit drunk. In fact, the state she was in, she’d probably flirt with Quasimodo if he walked in. 
At which moment the doorbell rang and Paula swung the door open to reveal a spaceman. Head to toe in white, he was even wearing a bolt-on space helmet and weighted boots. Waving a carrier bag in one hand, he was gesticulating at his shoulders with the other and shouting instructions, but his voice was muffled and indistinct. Suzie watched the smile on Barbara’s face freeze. Lyndon looked across at Suzie. "Looks like Hank," he murmured. For a split second, Barbara buried her face against his broad shoulder, and then she pulled away smiling brightly.
"Darling, we’re over here!" she called and the spaceman lumbered towards them, unbolting his helmet as Adela gave him a supercilious smirk.
"Suzie, hi!" he said veering left and finally managing to pull his helmet off. "How’re you doing, beautiful?" He grabbed her and gave her a sweaty kiss. "Hiya, Lyndon" he said lumbering full circle with a disarming grin. "Hiya, Babs. Sorry I’m late, couldn’t find my spacesuit." Barbara batted her eyelids at Suzie, just once, very brightly, and said, "Well, never mind, you’ve found it now!"
"Sure have, beautiful! Say, do I smell mulled wine?"
Watching Lyndon steer Hank in the direction of the drinks, Suzie bit her lip. Thank God she wasn't married to a man who would turn up to a party in a space suit. Lyndon was incapable of being embarrassing. Just at that moment she heard the magician saying, "And that’s all, folks. Au revolver!"
There was a burst of laughter, and Suzie guessed that Marvo would keep them there for another five or ten minutes doing encores and giving out business cards to the parents. Barbara caught her eye, jerked her head towards the door and they slipped into the kitchen to top their glasses up. "Did you see him?" demanded Barbara, grabbing Suzie’s arm as they went through the door.
"Who? Hank?"
"Honestly, what an embarrassment."
Suzie nodded at the caterers and tried to get a look out of the kitchen window, but it was dark outside and all she could see was her own reflection. "Yes, thank you. The magician’s just finished. We’ll do the children’s tea first and once they’ve just about finished, can we have the chicken satay? Yes, and wine for everyone, now. I think we’re finished with the mulled wine, so that can go. We might need some soft drinks, too. Can you check, please?" 
"Are you all right?" said Barbara.
"Er, yes, I’m fine. Why?"
"Pale, Suzie. Very pale. If it was anyone else, I’d say you’d been chatting a new man up. Perhaps even planning an illicit date."
"No, that’s your trick."   
Barbara raised her eyebrows. "Dream on!" she said sharply. "Hank got a whiff of the last one and sacked him."
"Why? Who was he?"
"Pool boy. Beautiful blue eyes. Fabulous body."
"But you haven’t got a swimming pool."
"That’s what Hank said." Barbara sighed. "Hey ho. Perhaps Marvo would give me a private audition."
"You’ll get covered in dove poo."
Barbara gave a shout of laughter and threw her wine down her throat in one. "All right, I can take a hint," she said. "I’m a tart and Hank’s a prat. Who cares? Never mind. Where’s this finger food, then?"
"It’s all ready," said Suzie. "Through here. If you could help me take the cling-film off that would be fab. I’ll just go round the other side and open the doors."
And of course everything went as planned. Marvo made good his escape, and the cowboys and fairies hurried into the dining room to consume piles of spider sandwiches, ghostie-flavour crisps, ginger biscuits, coke, and ice-cream gateaux whilst their parents drank wine, mingled and politely gobbled kilos of chicken satay and peanut sauce. Then the games began.
Suzie had them all prepared in advance, and Lyndon had put a ground sheet down in the sitting room while high tea was in progress so that afterwards everyone could bob for apples. Then they jumped for doughnuts, and raced oranges down team lines only using their chins. As a finale, Lyndon gave out disposable cameras to all the children so that they could take advantage of the photo opportunity provided by their gibbering half-drunk progenitors' attempts to round up their offspring and drive them home.
Suzie knew it was stupid - any idiot with a credit card could organise a party - but she felt proud of herself. She hadn't dropped a single ball and even Adela hadn't managed to find fault with anything. Public opinion would be impressed. While Lyndon was orchestrating the impromptu photography session, she even managed to corner Hank about Petya’s film career. "She’s way too clever to be wasting her time looking after Ricky and Judy..."
"Trying to get rid of her, huh?"
"No, not at all. Just trying to do her a favour. I’d be really grateful if you could..."
Hank leaned in closer and puckered up his lips.
"Behave yourself! I’m serious. Can’t you at least, I don’t know, look at her work?"
"You know, Suze, I’ve always liked you."
"Look I’ll send her over to the uni during the week. Okay? Listen, I’m counting on you."
"Anything for you, sweet Suze."
"Thank you. Now, can I get you another beer? Or perhaps some more chicken satay? Peanut sauce?"
"Oh, still serving, are they?" He lumbered off, scuffing Suzie’s polished wooden floors in his heavy space boots, and she shook her head. From across the room, Barbara pulled a face at her and went on indiscriminately wiping sticky hands. "Stop it!" she remonstrated, batting at Mikey and Judy, who were flicking peanut sauce at the Jack-o-Lantern. "Pack it in, or you’re dead!"
Suzie grinned. The party was nearly over. Paula had finished in the dining room, so she could herd kids to the downstairs bathroom to wash their faces. Smiling mechanically, and noting that Judy was rapidly working up to a massive tantrum, Suzie gave Petya the nod to fetch the coats and started handing out going home bags to all the children. So lovely to see you, thank you so much for coming, what wonderful costumes, you are so clever, I’m so glad you liked it, yes, wasn’t he good?
And then she paid Paula and everyone was gone.
"You see," said Lyn picking up a stray mask, "we were all supposed to be incognito - but everyone always knows who's inside that spaceman suit."
Suzie couldn't resist it. In her imagination, she closed her eyes, shook the imaginary dark hair over the curve of her cheek and smiled. "You zink so?" she said. 
"Oh yes, outside a novel, complete disguise is never really possible. People always guess your identity, from your voice, your hands, a million little things."
Suzie raised her eyebrows. "So you’d always know if someone was disguised?" she asked.
"Of course," he said, strolling into the sitting room. "It’s always Hank inside the spacesuit. That’s how we know that, in spirit at least, he’s an adventurer and an explorer. His disguise reveals more than it conceals. Perhaps that's what we forget when we chose our disguises."
Did Suzie's Blanche alter ego reveal more than it concealed? Or was he talking about her frivolous silver mask? She decided to fence back. "Disguises! Who's disguised? From the way you're talking, anyone would think you spend your life pretending to be someone else! Or is that what you think I'm doing?"
"Biscuit, hon?" His eyes were warm, his smile very sweet indeed. But then one eyebrow went up, just a fraction. Suzie squinted a question at him but he just went on smiling and wandered off round the kitchen picking at leftovers. Petya was upstairs with Judy, and Ricky had disappeared into his room on his own business. Too tired to unravel any more ciphers, Suzie flopped down at the table. "I think she’s brewing for a fight," she sighed.
"Who?"
"Jude. Over-tired, over-indulged, over-excited, and I’ve got to inspect mattresses."
"You do?"
"Well, if mother’s coming for Christmas, I do."
"Oh I don’t see it’s a problem," said Lyndon, getting the milk out. "If she doesn’t like the beds, buy new ones. Whatever. If you don’t have time, delegate. Although I don’t remember your mother complaining last time she was here. Did she?"
"No, it’s not her. It’s Caroline."
The corner of Lyndon’s mouth twitched and Suzie knew what he was thinking because once, just once, years ago, he let his guard down and said that Caroline was a jealous cat, determined to break up every marriage that came her way including theirs. But he’d never said anything negative about Suzie’s family since. He’d always been chillingly polite - both to their faces and behind their backs. "Well, you just buy whatever you think Caroline might enjoy," he said. "It’s fine with me."
Which was why they went to stay with Lyndon’s parents for the month of August, every August, and why Lyndon’s mother chose most of their furniture (and shipped it to Belgium) and why they had so many of her photomontages on their walls. Scrupulous quid pro quo.
"They’re thinking of coming by train instead of flying," she said.
"Okay, you want I should meet them so you can sort stuff this end?"
"Yes. No. Probably. Maybe. Um, I don’t know yet. They might stop in Paris for shopping."
"Mmm," he said and winked at her.
"Stop it," she grinned. "The kids love her."
"No, honey. Accurately speaking, I’d say they love the contents of her baggage." Suzie's mother always brought her grandchildren pounds and pounds of English chocolate bars.
"Well, she’s not here that often," said Suzie.
"Your family is always welcome in our home," said Lyndon, and when she glanced up sharply there was no trace of irony or sarcasm in his beautiful face. "Which brings me onto the question of jodhpurs for Judy," he continued. "She is apparently desperate for a pair of jodhpurs. Is she learning to ride?"
Suzie groaned. "No. It’s this awful party of Klaudia’s. They’re having it at the stables. Acres of cake, gallons of coke and once they’re suitably sugared out of their heads, a pony ride for every child and Judy has taken it into her head that she has to wear jods."
"And the problem is?"
"She doesn’t even like horses. She’ll never wear them again and even off her head on tartrazine she’ll probably refuse to get on the wretched pony. She might just as well wear jeans."
"But she wants to wear jodhpurs?"
"Yes."
"But you don’t want her to wear them?"
"Lyndon! It’s such a waste! Two-thirds of the world’s children eat less per day than Judy’s hamster, and now we have to buy her expensive sports clothes so she can show off at a party?"
"And the other kids are wearing jeans?"
"No, jodhpurs. But they ride!"
"So it would be inappropriate for Judy to wear jeans?"
"Oh, I don’t know, Lyndon. We always wore jeans for riding."
"So did we. But that wasn’t Brussels. I think we have to give in on this one, Suzie. She has to fit into her peer group. But I hear you, so the second the party is over we'll donate the jods to someone via the church jumble sale. As for teaching Judy the evils of careless and conspicuous consumption..."
"Sorry, scoose me. Judy doesn’t want bath," said Petya, popping her head round the door. "She iss screaming. So shall I? Or you prefer to?"
"No, I’m coming," said Lyndon and got to his feet. "If it’s bath time, it’s bath time. Judy-babe!" he called. "Popa’s coming to make magic bubbles!"
Suzie got up and loaded the last tea mugs into the dish washer and Petya started humming as she carved bits off a cold joint of ham and stuffed them into her mouth. "So delicious!" she said, smiling broadly.
"Boiled in Coca-Cola," said Suzie.
"American cultural imperialism."
"Tastes good though, doesn’t it?" said Suzie, pulling a strand off and eating it with her fingers.
"Fantestic!"
"Well, I’m glad to see you’re um, feeling better," she said.
Petya blushed and dropped her eyes.
"Look, I don’t mind," said Suzie quickly. "I’m just relieved! Really happy for you!"
"I met a Russian!" breathed Petya with shining eyes.
"What?"
"A feedle player!" Roses unfurled in Petya's cheeks.
"Where? Not on the roof?"
Petya looked completely blank. "The roof?"
"No, forget it, it was just a joke," said Suzie quickly. "Where did you meet him?"
"Here, at the party."
"Was he fiddling?" Petya looked completely confused and Suzie mentally told herself off. This was obviously serious and she ought to stop being facetious and definitely stop referencing dusty old musicals. "No fiddling. Okay, so what was he doing here?" she asked.
"Oh, he was eating. A lot. Because he is poor musician. You see?"
"And who did he come with?" For a second Suzie wondered if the Russian with the fiddle was the same person as the gardener with the camera. But then she shook her head. Couldn't be. Petya knew full well that the gardener wasn't Russian. "Come on, spit it out. What was he doing here?"
That question made Petya blush even more than before, but Suzie finally made her tell. He was a gatecrasher. Petya caught him trying to sneak in behind Hank, but once he had explained everything to her she had invited him in because he had black eyes and was so thin. 
"And because he spoke Russian?"
"No, no, I don’t speak Russian. We were speaking with English together."
Suzie shook her head in mock disbelief. "And this Russian chatted you up, I suppose? Is he handsome?"
Petya gave her a look of drowning reproach. "He also soffers. A heart shattered into a million pieces."
"Oh, right. Okay," said Suzie. "Another dodgy heart, eh? Well, would it be all right if you cleared the stuff off the sideboards in the dining room? I mean, eat first. Yes, eat!" 
Who was the Russian? Was he really the fiddler on the roof, or was he a mad Commie terrorist? Or was he another spy? And why had he chosen to gatecrash their house? Should she tell Lyndon about him? She looked at Petya where she stood, still stuffing ham into her mouth, and shook her head. Whoever, whatever. There was no way she would turn him in to the authorities. He had transformed her skeletal love-doomed au pair into an eager-faced enthusiastic young woman wolfing down food, and she was grateful to him, spy or not.
The next morning, her heart going like a woodpecker, Suzie logged on to hotmail. This whole spy fantasy had got seriously out of control and if she was going to delete Blanche's email address, she'd better get on with it. But there was already a draft email in the box: "I'll be waiting for you. 11/10 noon Le Petit Frère."
Shoving her wiry blonde hair behind her ear, Suzie googled Le Petit Frère and then google-mapped it. X-ray vision, she told herself. I have x-ray vision and a photographic memory. 
"Hon? Are you in there?" asked Lyndon shoving the door open. "You're not working are you? Not on a Sunday? Aren't you wiped out after yesterday?" 
She span round and threw herself in front of the screen so he couldn't see it. "No, no, I was just er... looking to see if there's anything on at the cinema!" For a split second, Suzie thought he was going to burst out laughing, but then he smiled blandly, and after a considering pause said, "You look kinda tired, hon. You want I should take the kids out for a coupla hours this afternoon?"
"Would you?"
"My pleasure. I could do with some fresh air. You're sure you don't want to come along?"
"No! I mean, I'll just... what about Petya?" said Suzie. "Perhaps she'd like to go too?" She ushered him out onto the landing. "I'll just go and ask her while you round the kids up, ok?"
"No, I don't go," said Petya vaguely when Suzie went upstairs. "I have need to thinking..." She gave her an absent-minded smile and went back into her room. Suzie hung over the banisters and shook her head at Lyn who was down in the hall winding a woolly scarf round Judy's neck. "Nope, you go on without her."
He blew her a kiss, rumpled Ricky's hair and shepherded the kids out into a brisk, bright autumn breeze. Suzie slumped down on the stairs. Petya would undoubtedly spend all afternoon lying on her bed staring at the ceiling with her hands behind her head, so she had the whole place to herself. With a little shiver of excitement she went back to her computer. She absolutely wasn't going to meet Agent B, but there was no reason why she shouldn't enjoy the moment. For the next few minutes, the possibility was real; all she had to do was confirm and she would have a real live rendezvous with him. In the flesh. A date. She wouldn't do it. She wasn't that insane. Emailing was one thing but in reality she was perfectly clear that she was not Blanche.
But then she heard Blanche saying, "toi, non, mais moi, j'en suis sûre!" With a careless shrug, Blanche flashed her elegant long fingers over the keyboard, typed just two letters, OK, and reached for the mouse. Click, save, exit. Blanche smiled with satisfaction. Ze girl done good. 
Breathless, Suzie gazed at the screen and shivers ran up and down her spine. Well, whatever Blanche thought, she didn't have to go to lunch. She could stand him up. Or better, just go and let the whole thing collapse when Lyndon and she came face to face. Or perhaps she would just stake out the joint to confirm that Agent B was indeed Lyndon. Still, even for a simple stakeout she'd need a disguise so that nobody from the office would recognise her, because someone from the office or the kids' school would be bound to turn up precisely at the wrong moment. She really didn't want the Lizard to spot her creeping round the back door of a restaurant in St Catherine's with a spyglass in one hand and a red carnation in the other. On impulse, she picked up the phone.
"Oh God," groaned Barbara. "What do you want? I'm still in bed. I hoped you were ringing to say the ambulance was coming."
"I didn't see you drinking that much at the party."
"Manhattans. Hundreds of them. After we dropped Mikey home. Left him with Monika and went out again, that bar with the dead tree and the squashed bottle tops."
"Ah ha. Major hangover?"
"I'm practically in my coffin. That's the result of attempting to drown excess public humiliation in alcohol. Lethal."
"You know those makeover places?"
"It won't work. Nothing short of a full face lift..."
"Do you think they really make you look different, Babs? You know, those places that advertise a makeover and a photo session?"
"Christ knows. I don't give a damn what I look like, what I need is the whole new brain option. But forget the makeover, I'd prefer a leg-over."
"Where's Hank?"
"Taken Mikey to see Iron Man. You know what, Suze? You're going a bit weird, you know. Sure it's not your hormones playing up?" Rolling her eyes, Suzie hung up and, afraid of losing her nerve, instantly phoned Julia. "Do you know anything about these makeovers?" 
But her sister wasn't interested. She was full of family gossip. "What's all this about mother and Caroline coming to you for Christmas?"
"Haven't the faintest! They asked, I said yes, is that a problem?"
"Well, you could have asked me!"
"I thought you and Leo are gadding around Gstaad with all your film-star friends..."
"Well, we are. But only for Christmas, not for New Year too! And what am I do to with the twins if mother isn't coming? I told Mi-Lou she could go home for Christmas but she's not coming back until January 10th or something hideous! Three wretched weeks! What am I going to do?"
"Hire a temporary replacement nanny, of course."
"I suppose there might still be time. Not bad thinking, Suze. If I start interviewing straight away..."
"Wait! Before you hang up, do you know anything about those makeover places that give you a new look and then take photos?"
"Sounds desperate. No, why? What are you playing at? Honestly Suze, you're such a baby!"
"Gotta go! Someone at the door!" lied Suzie and hung up. Julia could think what she liked. Julia had the perfect life, and was never bored. She never found herself running on autopilot for days on end. Julia didn't need a fantasy life to escape into, just to stay sane. In any case it was only make-up. If it was hideous, she could simply wash it off. 
She crept down the stairs being careful not to make a noise. She knew she'd seen a makeover advert somewhere. Didn't a flyer fall out of some magazine or other? When? Last week? A few weeks ago? 
In the sitting room, she crouched down beside the large wickerwork basket, which contained all the current publications, and started going through it. Maybe it had slipped down the side? Might be here at the bottom? No. She flicked through the magazines and papers and then went into the kitchen. Perhaps in that pile of papers on top of the fridge? Or the papers on the oak side table in the hall? No. Nuts. She went downstairs to the basement.
Just at the bottom of the stairs was a row of different bins and boxes for sorting the rubbish for recycling. Plastics, glass, non-recyclables, biodegradables, batteries, stuff for Emmaüs and, at the end, a collapsing cardboard box full of paper and card waiting to be shoved into special yellow bin bags. 
Rolling up her sleeves, she grabbed a carrier bag off the roll on the shelf and started sorting through the papers, ostensibly just bagging it up to put it out for the bin men but actually searching for a single sheet of paper studded with glossy photos of impossibly glamorous women and endless rows of repeated outsize exclamation marks. And finally, towards the bottom of the box, there it was: "Free makeover and photo-session!!!" it screamed. "You won’t recognise yourself!!! Free consultation with specialist!!! Let a personal stylist dress you!!! No obligation to buy prints!!! Discounts, promo offers, free gifts with every personalised fitting, discreet service, unparalleled results!!! !!!!!!!!"
She thrust the flyer into her pocket, shoved an armful of paper into the top of the recycling bag and, startled by a sudden noise, nearly jumped out of her skin. Someone was creeping down the stairs.
"Darlink?"
She heaved a sigh of relief; it was Petya. "I'm here," she said, checking that the paper was still stuffed right down into the bottom of her cardigan pocket.
"What you doingk down here?" asked Petya looking around with wide black eyes.
"Notink," said Suzie. "I mean, nothing. Just thought I'd deal with some of this chaos down here, all this paper, you know." She stood up with all the surface calm of a field of wet cabbages, but excitement was bubbling in her chest like Vesuvius, like ginger beer, like children’s giggles, so that everything seemed fantastic, exceptional, wonderful, amazing, multi-coloured, and extraordinary.
"I'm going upstairs now," she said, scrambling past Petya and trying not to laugh out loud. "Perhaps I'll lie down, have a little rest." Her heart was leaping, her mouth was dry, and she was whizzing and tingling all over. "You won’t recognise yourself!!!"
It was years since she’d bothered to use make-up, let alone look at herself properly in a mirror, but suddenly she went into her bathroom, locked the door and turned all the lights on. Craning her neck, she swivelled the mirror round so she could see her face but, even with all the lights on, it was strangely blurred and featureless like the faces of criminals on the news. Just a pink blob surrounded by yellow candyfloss.
Qu'importe. She turned all the lights off again and flung herself down on the bed but she didn't sleep. She just lay on her back gazing at the ceiling. It was dark outside by the time she heard the garage doors opening and Lyn coming upstairs into the house with the kids. Springing back into life, she swung off the bed, dragged a brush through her hair and went downstairs to meet them and steer the whole circus through the usual Sunday night routines.
"Seems like a big mess down there, hon?" said Lyndon nodding at the basement. "You been looking for something?"
"No, I was going to tidy up but then I felt too tired. I'll do it tomorrow." The kids were blue-nosed and shiny-eyed from the November cold. "Time for hot chocolate I think," said Suzie leading the way into the kitchen.
"Do you think it's cold enough to snow, dad?" asked Ricky.
"Thnow! Yeee-ah!" screamed Judy.
"Nope. Too early in the season for snow," said Lyn jovially, putting a large hand over his daughter's mouth. "But if you're good maybe it'll snow for Christmas!"
"Only if you're super-good though," said Suzie quickly. "Starting now. Get those wet shoes off and drink this hot milk. Then upstairs and into your jimmies while I cook some supper."
Smooth as Swiss clockwork, the household swung into the familiar well-organised, efficient child-friendly routine so it wasn't until the next morning at the office that Suzie had a chance to make a private phone call.
CHAPTER FIVE



Sitting at her desk she dragged the crumpled advert out of her bag and smoothed it out flat.
"You've deigned to join us I see," said the Grey Lizard from the doorway. "Production meeting in the top office now. Right now." He obviously wasn't leaving until he was sure her little railway carriage was obediently clipped onto his little steam engine. "Coming," said Suzie, grabbing her bag and a large notebook. But instead of patiently following him down the track, she uncoupled at the corner and peeled off into the office kitchen. Without a backwards glance, she closed the door behind her and leaned on it while she made a very fast call.
She hung up barely two minutes later and felt the same excitement sweep over her body as it had when she first read the flyer. She hugged it to herself, her very own wonderful secret and, tingling all over, opened the door. The Grey Lizard practically fell into her arms. "Didn't you hear me?" he demanded, his face as yellow as winter grass. Behind him, Veronica smirked in sympathy, Simon screwed his forefinger into his temple and the passengers in the other carriages stared in mute curiosity.
"Sorry, just broke a crown!" said Suzie. "Had to make an emergency appointment at the dentist. For this afternoon."
"You don't have permission," rustled the Lizard.
"Medical emergency," Suzie assured him. "Look!" She opened her mouth like a hippo yawning and the Grey Lizard recoiled with his nostrils closed in distaste.
"Shouldn't we get upstairs to this meeting?" said Veronica quickly. "Don't want to keep the big white chief waiting, do we?"
"Better get up there," echoed Simon.
Looking more desiccated than ever, the Lizard flicked his eyes away from Suzie and disappeared down the corridor to the lift, towing the staff behind him. Veronica rolled her eyes and Simon snorted and then the chains tightened and they too rolled off down the track. Bringing up the rear, Suzie didn't care what any of them thought. The minute she got out of the production meeting, she was glued to her keyboard and the attraction had nothing to do with pencil case perils or even bunny jabs.
"So how will I recognise you?" asked Agent B. "Although not knowing what you look like is an advantage in the truth game, it could make it tricky to meet up. But since we’re in a novel together shall we both carry red roses?"
"En novembre?"
"In that case, you’ll just have to look for me. I’ll be reading Travels With My Aunt. How many other men sit alone in restaurants reading that? How will I recognise you?"
"Chestnut hair, pearl studs, trench coat. How many other women will walk in alone and hesitate on the threshold looking for a solo man reading Graeme Greene?"
"And just in case it’s a very long lunch, remember to set your computer to auto-reply that you are in a meeting and will reply as soon as possible." 
"You sound like you’ve done this before."
"Oh, don’t be fooled, he said. "I’m not everything I seem. Or perhaps I’m more than I seem. Who knows? I have to stop talking with you now, and go do some work."
The conversation deleted, Suzie re-did her lipstick, watched the clock tick and waited for the Grey Lizard to drift off to the Commission for a press briefing, a free sour lemon, or perhaps even a mutual skin-shedding session with a scaly colleague. Who knows what attractions the Lizard enjoyed once out of the office?
She could see his space in the car park from her office window, so she kept an eye on his neat pale green Skoda and the minute he steered it safely out of the car park, she didn't hesitate. Leaving her desk, she ran down the stairs snorting with suppressed laughter. She felt like a sixteen year-old bunking off maths. In the car, she fumbled quickly for the remote control to the car park gates, determined to make her escape before someone started wailing "Snot fair!" or "Mo-mmeee!" or "Missis Ly-erl!"
She opened the barrier, shot out into the street with her seatbelt still undone and was still grinning when she turned the car down a dodgy cobbled side street just off Louiza. She was out, she was free! The tyres rattled and the car shook but, by some unheard-of miracle, there was a parking space and she even had enough change to feed the ticket machine. 
Clutching the advert, Suzie walked slowly down the uneven street looking for the studio. It turned out to be a faded red door standing open to reveal a flight of dusty wooden stairs. She took a deep breath, swallowed a sudden attack of nerves, and went up them. At the top was a door marked "push". After a second’s hesitation, she rapped gently with her knuckles, and went inside. The makeover studio was cavernous, sweaty, and painted black from top to toe. Even the floors were black.
"Ah, Hi there," said a heavily made-up woman, emerging from the shadows. She was also all in black apart from her hair, which had been dyed a peculiar shade of walnut. She gave Suzie a friendly smile and went over to a tall desk beside the door. "You’re Mrs Lysle?"
Suzie nodded.
"Now, you’ve booked the whole make-over, that’s right? Hair, face, photos, the lot? Birthday present for your husband, is it?"
"Um, no. No, it’s a bet actually."
"A what?"
"My friend. You know in your advert it says, you won’t recognise yourself. Well, my friend bet that she’d recognise me whatever you did. So I’d like to look as different as possible. Completely nothing like me."
The woman smiled. "Okay. Complete makeover. Did you have any particular look in mind?"
"Well, I thought dark hair and um, you know, red lipstick. Perhaps you could do something about my eyes? I mean, put some black round them or something."
"Coloured contacts, if you want a serious disguise. They’re not difficult to put in once you get the hang of it, and they certainly do change the face."
"All right." In for a penny, in for a pound.
"You’ll have to buy them though. We could lend you a wig just for the session, but we don’t have any for sale."
"Hello, hello," said another voice and Suzie turned round to see a young man with jet-black hair and a psychedelic shirt advancing towards them. He held his hand out and Suzie shook it.
"Hi there," he said chattily. "I’m Martin. The photographer. I see you’ve met our make-up and hair artiste. How are we getting along, Candy?"
"The lady’s going for a total make-over; contacts, wig, the lot. You want nails, too?"
"Well," said Martin, "sounds as if you’ll be busy for an hour or so. I think I’ll just pop home. Don’t worry," he said to Suzie. "I won’t be far. Just round the corner.
"Okay, I’ll give you a ring," said Candy. "Now, for the shots. Do you want to wear what you’ve got on, or are we going for the lingerie?"
"Um... I don’t know," stuttered Suzie. "I hadn’t thought..."
"Well, we can discuss that while I’m doing your hair and make-up," said Candy. "Would you like to come through? I’ll just lock the door so we’re not disturbed, all right?" Suzie glanced nervously at the stairs. "Kids," said Candy reassuringly. "They sometimes come up. Just messing about, seeing if they can’t nick something. Right, this way." Suzie followed her through the black-painted studio, past a large black canvas screen and into a cramped make-up room equipped with two hairdressers' chairs and a large mirror with dozens of little bulbs round it. It smelt sour and musty, and the floor was liberally sprinkled with face powder.
Having obediently shed her coat and dumped her bag, she sat down in front of the mirror and Candy started pinning Suzie’s hair back, winding it round her head in smooth sections. "Oh, look at that! It’s naturally blonde, isn’t it? I can always tell," said Candy. Picking up a hairnet, she pulled it tightly over the hair and pinned it into place. "Now, I’m just going to pull this up a bit at the top so we get a sort of face lift effect. Just smooth out that jaw line like so... that’s it. Super. Now, let’s see. Dark hair..."
She turned round and opened a rickety wooden cupboard. Inside, every shelf was crammed with polystyrene heads, each adorned with a different wig. Suzie stared at herself in the mirror and thought that it must need cleaning. Her reflection was still just a peculiar blur.
"Brunette, let’s see. This shelf. No. That one’s a bit small. Was there any particular style you fancied?"
"I thought maybe like a plain sort of bob," said Suzie, eyeing the mirror nervously.
"Don’t worry, you’ll be stunning by the time I get through. Promise. How about this one?" Suzie eyed the mass of frizzy brown hair doubtfully. "Well, let’s just have a look at it, shall we?" Candy found the front of the wig, laid it against Suzie’s forehead, pulled it smoothly backwards, and stood back with narrowed eyes to gauge the effect. "A bit of a trim, and it’ll be all right."
"Isn’t it a bit... well, old? I mean, it smells a bit er, sweaty."
"Well, yes, it’s not the best in the world, and it’s not new, but the camera won’t see that. Promise. It’ll look fine in the pictures."
"Well, I was thinking I’d like to be able to do this myself. I mean, after the session. Like, um, I want to meet this friend of mine, you know, in the disguise. To win the bet."
"Well in that case you’ll have to buy your own wig, and they can be pricey, you know. Especially if you want something convincing, something that’ll stand up to daylight."
"Well, I do. I don’t mind too much about the price. I mean, how much are they?"
It really wasn’t a problem, she told herself. She had her own salary and could do what she liked with it. She’d always had money in any case, because years ago, in Paris, when Ricky was born and she gave up working at the university library, Lyndon had set up an automatic transfer to her bank account. Not for household expenses. Those came out of their joint current account, which always had money in it. Just for her. For pocket money. Like being paid. 
"I’m not paying you to stay with me," he’d said, his eyes glinting. "I’m paying you so that you can leave if you want to."
"But what am I supposed to do with it?"
Lyndon shrugged. "Save it, spend it, blow it on frocks, invest it, donate it to charity, I don’t care. Just don’t go asking me every time you wanna buy a new pair of shoes. And don’t spend it on the baby."
At that time, he didn’t transfer much into her account. Just enough for her to feel as if she were buying Christmas presents with her own money. But being scrupulous in all his dealings, over the years the transfers increased until by the time they moved to Brussels, she had more money than she could spend. And even once she went back to work, Lyndon went on giving her money. 
"Just call it equitable redistribution, hon. I earn more than you and I always will - mostly because I didn’t stop work to raise our kids."
In return, Suzie had her salary paid into their joint account and although she had a tendency to count the pennies, the household ran smoothly, there was never any lack of anything. Neither she nor Lyndon had a taste for extravagance. Anyway, Suzie thought, Lyn wouldn’t question my expenses. He won’t even notice them.
"You know what we’ll do?" said Candy. "I’ll ring Martin and he can pick up some wigs for you to try. His friend runs a hairdressing salon, and I think their stuff is all right. Pretty good quality, you know. Human hair. Then while we’re waiting we can try the contacts and make-up."
"Okay," said Suzie, licking her lips. She just hoped the contact lenses weren’t second hand, but she needn’t have worried. Candy had a neat plastic case of coloured lenses in a drawer, and each pair was individually sealed. And putting them in wasn’t as bad as she’d feared either. Of course her eyes ran and of course the first one fell out as soon as she blinked, but very soon she was wiping her cheeks dry and gazing at the bleary reflection in the mirror.
"The world looks the same," she said. "Not brown."
"No, that’s because they’re graduated. The colour is only on the iris, not right in the middle bit where you see out of. Ready for make-up?" said Candy, glancing at her watch. "Okay, first we’ll do base, and once we’ve got that on we’ll be able to see the shape of your bones."
"Make up is supposed to conceal, not reveal," thought Suzie dizzily.
"Slightly paler than your normal complexion. It’s quite high for a blonde, isn’t it? See, a wet sponge wedge. Dab, don’t rub. Less round the eyes, more down the central panel. Now, shader here. We’re going for a tighter, slimmer face, okay? We all used to do this at the club when I was a dancer. Hold still..."
Candy continued talking as she swiftly applied shadier, blusher and highlighter. Then she turned her attention to Suzie’s eyes. "Very round, very English. We’ll elongate like this. See? Look at this little triangle at the corner, between the top and bottom eyeliner. Very Garbo. Now, eyelash curlers, mascara, close your eyes."
She slapped powder briskly all over Suzie’s face and then brushed it all off again with an outsized blusher brush. "That’s just to fix the look. We don’t want anything melting. I mean, if you get hot under the lights. We always used to sweat like bitches at the club. All the men clapping and everything. Now, lip liner. Let’s just change the shape of the mouth, shall we?" She drew in a huge exaggerated bow, blotted it out, added more foundation, and then started painting with a little brush. Suzie closed her eyes and tried not to sneeze. "Blot, outline, blot again, apply colour with lip brush, blot carefully, seal and finish with gloss. Martin should be... ah, here he comes now. Come in! We’re decent!"
Martin edged through the doorway carrying a large cardboard box. "Ooh, aren’t we looking glam?" he exclaimed with a tight smile. "I brought a few. Just so we could try things out."
"Super. Nearly finished here. Do you want the nails or is that enough? I’ve got a set of stick-on ones here. Fine for photos. Ready polished, very quick to apply."
"Um, no, that’s fine," said Suzie. She felt breathless and unreal.
"Let’s have a look at these wigs, then," said Candy. "We're looking for a neat bob. Sort of 30s thing, I’d say."
Martin opened a slim box and produced a mass of curls.
"Too big."
"Thought you’d say that." He laid it aside with a sigh and opened the other boxes. All the other wigs were shoulder length and brunette. "Here we are. Various sizes and shades." They held first one and then another beside Suzie’s face and she couldn’t really see much difference between them, but apparently Candy and Martin could.
"Clashes with the lips, no?"
"Hmmm, this one’s nice..."
"Way too young."
"Now, here’s a nice little..."
"Wouldn’t a fringe be easier? Not so much plastic skin?"
"Nah, centre parting."
Finally they agreed and Candy pulled the chosen wig over Suzie’s hairnet and started pinning it in place.
"Hold still now, I’m just going to deal with this hairline."
Suzie kept her eyes shut. Mostly because her eyes were watering again and she was afraid her contacts might fall out.
 "All done! You can look now!" said Candy happily.
Suzie slowly opened her eyes and gazed at herself in the mirror. Her reflection was still out of focus, but from what she could make out, she didn’t look the slightest bit like Blanche. She looked like a cheap tramp. Her face fell.
"It won’t look like that in the photos," said Candy. "Most of this slap will disappear under the lights." Suzie just stared at the mirror. "Why don’t we do a few shots and you can see? Then if you still hate it, we can tone it down a bit. All right? Come on. Let’s just do a few headshots, okay? Come through this way." 
Numb with disappointment, Suzie followed them back into the studio and perched on a tall stool.
"Hand there. Other hand behind you. That’s it," said Martin, arranging her limbs. "Legs to the side, just twist the torso... good. Just hold that."
He disappeared into the darkness and Suzie clenched her jaw so as not to burst into tears.
"This is weird. Extraordinary." Flash. "Head down, eyes to me. Shoulder forward." Flash. "Very good. Moody. Sulky. You hate me." Flash, flash, flash. "Candy, you're genius. Just come here and look." Candy gazed at the television screen while Martin fiddled with his camera. "There!" he said standing back proudly.
"Oh my God!" gasped Candy.
Suzie got off her stool and went to see what they were looking at. It was Blanche. Sulky, provocative and assured gazing moodily over one shoulder into the camera; her dark eyes piercing, her beautifully painted mouth full, glossy, and sensuously curved. Martin flicked through the shots, and they were all just as extraordinary. In the dark studio, Blanche seemed to explode out of the screen.
"You are seriously photogenic," said Martin. "Shall we try a couple with the lingerie? Go and find her something, Candy - maybe gold or pink, warm tones... I’ll just touch up the lighting on the chaise."
Mute, Suzie followed Candy back into the make-up room and this time her reflection in the mirror was crystal clear. Blanche stood there, her skin creamy, her eyes dark, her hair glossy, and a curious expression on her face. 
"Blimey, they’re really good shots," said Candy. "Who would have guessed? I can normally tell who’s going to seduce the camera, but you’re a dark horse, aren’t you?"
"I do look different, don’t I?"
"About as different as anyone could without surgery," said Candy. "But you know, if you want this disguise to work you’ll have to bin all that old 60-denier. Woolly tights are only for schoolgirls and very old ladies. I bet hubby hates them." 
I wonder if he does, thought Suzie. He’s never said anything about them. Navy 60-denier and patent leather flatties with gold detail were standard issue for ex-pat housewives in Brussels. She liked the idea of parading before Lyndon in a corset and stockings with a filmy lace thing over her shoulders, although she knew she’d never really do it. Not these days, with two kids, an au pair, a full-time job and a teaming social life to organise. She simply didn’t feel like making all the effort to get her figure back. She'd done it after Ricky was weaned - the exercises, the dieting, the trips to hairdressers and beauty salons, but only to have it all go to waste again the second time around. So she'd decided that she might as well stay bloopy until she finished having babies. But then she didn’t have any more and by the time she’d realised that two was all she was going to have, it all seemed too difficult. Dieting and going jogging. Exhausting.
"What’s he like then, your husband?" asked Candy, pulling a bizarre assortment of underclothes out of a large battered suitcase. 
"He walks as if he knows everyone will get out of his way," she said. "He looks you in the eye when he smiles."
"Sounds like a hunk. You can give him my number if you ever get bored with him," said Candy raising her eyebrows.
Naked, thought Suzie... naked, he looks strange because he has such white buttocks. And the bullet holes of course. Two of them, quite close together, quite low down, just to one side of his spine. He was lucky, he says. Very lucky. An accident at shooting range, he says. A freak misjudgement.
"Try this," said Candy, holding out a bunch of rose pink ruffles. Suzie obediently started undressing. "Foundation garments," said Candy. "That’s what our wardrobe mistress used to call them at the club. Nearly fifty of us there were, what with understudies, replacements and chorus. "Feminine wiles," she'd say. "Not undies, girls." Christ, she used to make us laugh. There was us thinking the punters came to see us undress and there was her thinking they came to see what we were wearing! Mind you, we never went all the way. They didn’t expect it in those days. "Undies are the foundation of civilisation, girls"! she used to say. She reckoned that was why the earth moves when a bloke rips them off and throws them onto the floor. It rocks the foundations, geddit? Personally I don’t give a frig, but it’s true there’s no point in wearing nice clothes like you’ve got, if the foundation garments are no good."
Candy gazed at Suzie, trying to suck her stomach in under her Marks and Sparks bomb-proofs. "And what you're wearing isn't doing you any favours, if you don’t mind the truth. Here, put this on. Don’t worry. Martin won’t come in. I’ll stand by the door." Suzie slipped a pair of French knickers over her dingy M&S, struggled into a frilly corset and Candy gave her a Chinese dressing gown to wear over her shoulders. "Come on, we don’t want to keep the maestro waiting."
They went back into the studio where Martin was hopping about with enthusiasm.
"Ooh! Yes, I like that. Perfect. Candy, go and get me a shawl. Yes, the fringed one with the flowers."
Candy went off back to the make-up room and he turned to Suzie. "Now, come on, let’s get you posed." Smiling broadly, he showed her how to sit, pulled the dressing gown off her shoulders and moved her legs into position, all the time warning her not to smile. "Keep it earthy, like that. Yes. Expressionless round the mouth but dangerous eyes. That’s exactly it. Oh, thanks Candy. I want it just over the corner there. Yes, draped. Not to far down, perfect. You’ll love these."
Flash. "Lean back, chin down, yes!" Flash, flash, flash.
"Can you do just one on my phone like a passport photo or something?" said Suzie at the end. "Just do I can show my friend? Something I can take away with me?"
"Well, if you insist..."
"Please?"
"Oh, all right. Give me your phone then. Just sit up straight. Chin up. Look straight ahead." Flash.
He gave her the phone back and Suzie was so pleased that she didn’t even care about the bill, which was staggering. "Well, we did the complete make-over," said Candy. "Plus there was the contact lenses and the wig, as well as the make-up consultation and coaching and all that, and the photos. And the portfolio of prints of course.  Now, where shall we send them?"
"No, it doesn’t matter. It’s all right," said Suzie pulling handfuls of notes out of her purse. "Here. Er no, I don’t need a receipt."
"We could courier them round tomorrow, if you like?"
"Oh, I’ll collect them. Perhaps at the end of next week," said Suzie crossing her fingers in her pocket. She had no intention of ever collecting the photos. She had her little jpeg, and that's all she'd ever need. 
With a habitual gesture she pushed her hair behind her ear and felt the wig-pins pull against her scalp. She quickly flicked her hair over one eye again and left the studio feeling so self-conscious that she tucked her chin right down into her coat collar. She deliberately didn't look at her watch. It was so late, she told herself, there was no point in going back to the office.
Although it was already dark and the street was badly lit, she kept close to the buildings, picking her way over the treacherous pavé in the shadows until she reached the corner, when suddenly she gasped with pleasure. The broad formal avenue was a-twinkle with fairy stars. The first Christmas lights. Every tree on either side of the road was threaded with tiny white diamonds. It was as if the scene had been illuminated especially for Blanche's debut.
Throwing her shoulders back and tossing her new hair off her face, she launched herself into the jewel-bright avenue and headed towards the large shops. She needed some new clothes. Or rather Blanche did. Excitement fizzed up in her chest again, and determinedly not smiling or skipping, she walked into the warmth and softness of the first department store she saw. Just inside the cosmetics hall, she hesitated, glancing round at the glittering stands full of paint, powder and terrifying assistants.
Shoes first. A pair of black stilettos. Not court shoes, stilettos. And a clutch bag, with a little gold chain perhaps. And tights. No. Stockings. Black ones. Abandoning herself to being Blanche, she strode through to the shoe department and made her purchases swiftly and without hesitation. It didn’t matter she told herself, if something wasn’t quite right. She could always bring it back. Having bought some enormously high heels, she picked up a neat leather satchel and a belt, and got onto the escalator to women's fashion and lingerie on the first floor.
She bought clothes without thinking and it only seemed minutes later that she found herself in the ladies' lavatories desperately struggling with a suspender belt. Glad that she hadn’t accepted Candy’s offer of stick-on nails, she finally managed to snap the clips over her stocking tops and pull her skirt down. It was a narrow pencil skirt, very plain, well cut but quite severe. Over the top she’d pulled on a short-sleeved angora sweater with a scooped neck, and a narrow faux snakeskin belt.
She stepped into her stilettos, thrust her old clothes into the empty carrier bags and emerged from her cubicle, pulling her clothes straight and smoothing the fabric across her stomach. Suddenly she jumped. Had someone come in? No. It was just a reflection in the mirror. There stood Blanche, taller and slimmer than Suzie, her dark hair swinging her one eye, her full red mouth pouting slightly. Putting her hands on her hips, she swayed from left to right, admiring herself.
"Blanche Dubois!" whispered Suzie. She blew her reflection a delighted kiss in the mirror. At which moment a stout matron pushed through the doors and gave her a funny look. What was that madwoman doing, talking to herself in the ladies?
For a split second, an apology sprang to Suzie's lips but then it was gone. She was Blanche now and Blanche didn't give damn what strangers thought. She winked at her reflection and tossed her hair again. Blanche needed a wallet, a credit card, a chequebook, some ID. A trench coat she thought, and a soft felt hat. Discreet pearl earrings, silk scarf, gold bangle. Blanche, Suzie told herself, pushing through the swing doors back into the department store, has all the nerve in the world. Blanche doesn’t put up with any truck from snotty shop assistants, she just annihilates them. She has no qualms about speaking French either, because it’s her mother tongue so she doesn’t suffer from the nerves and strained politesse which makes Englishwomen nervous of speaking French to Belgians in case they turn out to be Dutch-speaking ones who will hate you for assuming that all Belgians speak French. Oh no, nothing bothers Blanche, Suzie told herself, because she can do handbrake turns. She’s not intimidated by stout matrons or pointy-assed, attitude-laden, over-made-up, supercilious, ignorant, terrifying teenage shop assistants. Not even Belgian ones like the one approaching at high speed on her right.
"Bonjour," she drawled without bothering to see if the assistant was even listening. She glanced idly round the display, and then strolled over to finger a row of dark grey winter coats. Her sensitive fingers caressed the pure wool shoulder pads and her new brown eyes gleamed at the sight of a waist-clinching belt. She didn’t pay any attention to the wax jackets that slid off their hanger behind her as her carrier bags pushed them aside; she didn’t pay attention to the heel prints she’d left on the carpet, or the tutting woman who scurried forward with a tape measure. She didn’t even bother to smile. She merely flicked through a few items on a rack. The assistant clicked her teeth loudly, and muttered about the jackets. Blanche raised haughty eyebrows.
"We’re closing, you know," sniffed the assistant, planting her fists on her hips.
"I’ve just hoovered this floor!" complained her sidekick.
"I beg your pardon?" said Blanche slowly, looking from one to the other with distaste.
The girl shot her a filthy look before picking a jacket up and putting it back on a hanger.
"How dare you be so rude?" snapped Blanche, freezing her with an arctic stare. "You no longer wish to work here?"
The two sales assistants exchanged glances, and then the older smiled and, pushing her tape measure into the younger woman’s hands, came forward saying meekly, "There must be some misunderstanding. Please. How may we help you, Madame?"
Suzie kept a straight face but inside, she was leaping up and down shouting "Yess! Yess!" Especially when Blanche insisted on trying on every trench coat in the department and modelling each one in front of the mirror, searching for the exact cut she wanted: broad shoulders, narrow hips, curved collar, detailing on the lapels, wide belt.
She bought loads of stuff. Not only a trench coat, but downstairs on the ground floor a trilby, a beret, several silk scarves, a plain gold bangle, a purse, and a huge quantity of make-up and perfume. Finally satisfied, but running out of time, she paid and teetered back out onto the sparkling avenue with an enormous collection of bags - the largest of which contained her bulky old wool coat. She’d have to hurry or Petya and the kids would be wondering where she’d got to. She knew she ought to stop and change before going home, but couldn't face trying to get all Blanche's make-up off in the vague reflection of her rear view mirror.
Teetering dangerously in her heels, Suzie dashed back to the car and was relieved to see it was still there and unadorned with tickets. It was dark, and a light mist was falling, turning patches of air under each street light hazy salmon pink. Flinging the bags onto the back seat, she got in and headed for home. The rush-hour traffic was building up and, at the first set of red traffic lights, she kicked her shoes off and chucked them onto the passenger seat. How on earth did international women of mystery drive in these things? And what about handbrake turns? 
Perhaps she could make some extra clothes for Blanche, she thought, taking the racetrack tunnel under the Cinquantenaire. At the next set of lights she dragged her flatties back on before turning off the main road. She used to do a lot of dressmaking when the kids were small but now that Ricky was ten, he was far too fashion-conscious to wear clothes his mother made and, at seven, Judy took everything he said as gospel. Although, in fact, having trained as a cutter in a Paris fashion house, her clothes could hardly be called homemade. Still, they didn’t like what she made, apart from fancy dress of course. 
As for Blanche, well it would be child’s play. How difficult is it to make a pencil skirt? And blouses, well she could churn them out all day. Blanche would wear neat blouses fitted at the waist, with low-cut necklines and full sleeves with neat little cuffs just above the elbow. She would choose deep vibrant colours, dark red, bottle green, and petrol blue to go with her dark brown contacts, pale foundation and fantastic, deep buttery chestnut wig. So much prettier than my hair, thought Suzie, sneaking a look at herself in the mirror. All right, she was a natural blonde, but instead of being silky straight like Blanche’s, her hair was wiry and frizzy, strands of it spiralling out behind her black velvet Alice band. She would knot a scarf over her new wig before going into the house.
The tyres were rattling over another section of pavé. It’s all right for Blanche, hairdressing time isn’t a problem for her, thought Suzie. No-one ever asks her where she’s been or whether she’s done the laundry. In fact, I don’t suppose she does laundry. Or ironing. I expect Blanche just sends her laundry out. Where on earth could she store all Blanche’s clothes? Perhaps a cardboard box in her sewing room? Lyndon would never know the difference between costumes for a tap dancing mermaid and Blanche’s everyday outfits. God knows their house was big enough. Too big really. And too full of stuff. How on earth had they ended up with so much?
She drove up a shallow ramp, crossed the junction and then drove down a second ramp and turned right. When they first met, he was living in some sort of American hostel and she was living in a Paris attic with a shared bathroom on the landing below. She and Lyn used to sit on the windowsill, their feet dangling over the grey lead roofs as they threw crumbs to the pigeons, kissing and laughing at the thought that they might get so carried away that they’d roll off down the tiles and land in the boulevard below still maniacally tearing each other’s clothes off.
Such a long time ago. Many years ago, worlds ago. When they were young. Before they had children and responsibilities and a whole house full of belongings to look after.
Suzie took the beeper out of the glove compartment, opened the garage doors and drove down the ramp into the basement. She shoved her new trench coat into a carrier bag and dragged her old coat back on, covered her wig with a scarf, hauled her shopping out of the car and crept up the basement stairs. Letting herself slowly into the entrance hall, Suzie heard Petya rattling about in the kitchen and held her breath. She wished she could kick her shoes off again. Even in flatties her feet were killing her. But she didn’t dare stop. She just quietly walked up the stairs. She was terrified of being caught, but at least she wasn't bored. She wasn't just going through the motions.
"Hu-llo?" called Petya.
"It’s me," she giggled, speeding up to the first landing. "Down in a mo!"
"I go to make coffee, yess?
"No problem," called Suzie, from behind the turn in the stairs, "but don’t make me any. I’m going to change."
"Oka-yee!" called Petya, and Suzie finally got her shoes off and massaged her feet. Oh, the relief! She stripped Blanche's clothes off, folding them at random into the carrier bags, and started un-pinning her wig. Candy certainly went overboard on the pins, she thought. Finally getting Blanche's beautiful wig loose, she eased it off her head and laid it carefully in its box. Then she started unpinning the hairnet. Suddenly she heard the front door slam and Lyndon calling "Honey, I’m home!" Her fingers shaking, she pulled out more and more pins, desperately trying to get her hair free.
"Just going to change!" he called. "I’ll be down in a minute."
Hearing him coming upstairs, Suzie bundled all the bags helter-skelter into her wardrobe, kicked her new heels under the bed, grabbed her towelling bathrobe and ran into the bathroom at precisely the same moment as Lyndon walked into the bedroom. Leaning against the door, desperately pulling pins out of her hair and dragging it free, she heard him moving about, heard the chink of his belt as he hung it over the chair back, and finally got the last pin out. She tugged the hairnet off and wincing, shook her hair loose. It hurt as she pulled it down around her face.
She heard Lyndon sitting on the bed and imagined him kicking his shoes off. Trembling with nerves, she rolled her stockings off, wriggled round so she could unhook her corset, and paused again to listen.
"Is that you, hon?" called Lyndon.
"Just having a quick shower," she gasped, turning the water on.
"You want me to wash your back?"
It was years since they’d had a shower together and she’d have given a lot to be able to say yes. Bending over so as to take her contacts out, she wondered if he’d notice that the floor was covered with hair pins and she was wearing more make-up than the entire Follies Bergères. She heard him pulling open various drawers and cupboard doors, looking for a clean sweatshirt.
"Middle shelf!" she called and shoved Blanche's foundation garments into the bottom of laundry basket. Grabbing a bottle of baby lotion she got into the shower, poured a great puddle of it into her hand, slathered it all over her face and rubbed. She’d better hurry. The kids would be hungry, Petya was probably onto her second packet of Gauloises, and she didn’t want Lyndon asking why she was taking a shower just at this particular time of the day. The minute she’d rinsed her hair, Suzie turned the water off, wound a towel round her hair and opened the door.
"Did you find a sweatshirt?" she asked.
"Got em, hon."
She watched as he shook his trousers out and hung them over the back of a chair. "Did you have a nice day at work?" she asked.
"Uh huh." He rarely said more than that about his job - apart from once or twice commenting that the photocopier had broken down again. "It’s for your own good, hon," he said when challenged. "The details would bore you to death."
In her head, Suzie heard Blanche saying, "Nonsense! Women stand up to ze torture far better than men." She watched him pull a casual shirt on over his head and shrug it straight in the mirror. With his broad shoulders, all clothes looked fabulous on him. He always wore pure cotton shirts, even at the weekends - even with jeans - and his suits were cut from plain dark fabrics with discreet shoulder pads and narrow reveres and classically cut trousers that fell in a sexy line all the way from his hip.
The only sartorial detail that Suzie was responsible for was the absence of t-shirts worn as vests. He had resisted, of course. But in the end, she’d got rid of them by dying the whole lot blue. Accidentally, of course. A stray sock in the wash. A turquoise one. Always navy blue socks. White boxers, blue socks, washed on separately on a medium cycle with a short spin and colourfast powder because they contain wool and a hot wash would stop them being soft.
She stopped her thoughts, slowly going beetroot. She’d finally done it. She was actually daydreaming about laundry. That's why she needed Blanche. Otherwise she really would go stark raving nuts and start thinking that being good at laundry made you a morally worthwhile person.
"You all right, hon?"
"Er, fine!" she said brightly. "You go on. I’ll just dry my hair."
She flicked her fingers through her hair and turned the hairdryer on full. Blanche doesn't do laundry, she thought. She just throws her clothes away.
CHAPTER SIX



Thank God, thought Suzie, that Petya had recovered. The girl was actually singing as she buttered toast for Judy in the kitchen. Also thank God that half term was over and they were all back to their proper routines. "How was your French class yesterday?" asked Suzie, sipping a glass of orange juice.
"There are mysteries in the werld," replied Petya, smiling into mid-space. "Who knows?" She lifted Judy onto her thin knee and hugged her affectionately. "You are my little darlink," she whispered.
"Oh well, just don’t go Russian into anything," said Suzie.
"What you meanink?" said Petya.
From behind his newspaper, Lyndon snorted.
"Jolly good," said Suzie quickly. "Come on, troops. Let's get going."
They left Lyndon finishing his coffee; Petya to take the kids to school and go onto her language school, Suzie to get a good start at the office. She’d have to get ahead to make up for yesterday. Especially as Deryck wouldn’t be there to cover for her. The fates weren't on her side though, because practically the minute she arrived, her sister Julia phoned.
"Look, sorry to call you at work etc, but just thought you might like to know."
"Get on with it, Julia!"
"I just think you ought to keep an eye on Lyndon, because I may as well tell you, he asked Leo if he could borrow the Paris flat. I mean I don’t care, either of you can use it any time but why did he ask Leo not to mention it to me? Sorry if I’m putting my foot in it."
"No, I think it’s just... nothing."
"Mother and Caroline have always thought the sun shines out of his backside, but I had my suspicions, right from the start."
"What do you mean?"
"Smooth, Suze. Way too smooth. I mean, just what does he do for a living? You see? You still don’t know, do you? Why don’t you find out a bit more about his precious job and what’s he’s been getting up to on the side... I’d just love to know what’s behind all this enigmatic smiling and what about these famous bullet holes?"
"Well, they’re more like shallow white dents..."
"Come off it. You’re either pregnant or you're not."
"Don’t be offended, Julia. It’s just too difficult to explain over the phone."
"Ah ha! So there is something going on!"
Suzie had a cubby-hole office to herself but since the corridor was about as wide as invisible ink she had less privacy than Eros in Piccadilly and she hated people listening in on her - especially during one of Julia's interrogations.
"I’m at work!"
"Oh shite, I’d forgotten. Right, I’m letting you off the hook, but I’m going to ring you at home later and when I do, I expect a full and frank explanation. Unless... you haven’t dragged poor old Lyn into all your imaginary stuff, have you? Who are you these days? Victorian flower girl? Geisha girl? Roman slave?"
"Stop it!"
"None of the above, huh? Well, I’d better go. Tulipe and Jonquille are having their dance show this afternoon and Leo is determined to go in spite of all the fuss it’ll cause. We’ll have to get there hours early."
"How are the twins? Sorry I didn’t ask before..."
"Same as your kids I imagine. Perfect in every way. Look, sweetie, I’ve got to go. Be good, and if you can’t be good, cover your Goddamn tracks!" 
Suzie laughed. She knew Julia had always slightly wanted her to kick over the traces. She'd said it so many times: "You can't live in some imaginary world of your own forever. Get on the stage! I mean, I thought that’s why you chose pattern cutting. A good excuse to get nearer the theatre without mother blowing a gasket." 
Perhaps Julia was right, thought Suzie. Perhaps she should have gone into acting. Perhaps Lyndon was a spy. Blanche, she thought, Blanche slipped the microscopic camera into her cleavage...
"Mrs Lysle, have you finished the standardised fruit colours briefing for the Commission?" asked the Grey Lizard in a leaf-dry croak. 
His voice made her jump. "Well, I had to go to the dentist yesterday," she reminded him. "And I have to go back for the real crown next week, it's agony."
"How nice for you."
"Fine. I’ll chivvy things up." 
"Just see that you do!" he said with a venomous flick of his scaly tail. The phone rang before Suzie could think of a decent retort so she just made a face at his departing back. He probably had little fins down his spine...
"Hiya Suze, Hank here. Listen, I’m sorry if I was a bit er over-friendly with you on Saturday. Barbara gave me stuff about it..."
"I didn’t say a word to her, Hank. Promise. But this isn’t the best time."
"About that au pair of yours? Peet-ya? Apparently she’s has quite a reputation in the film world. I felt kinda bad, you know, so I mentioned her to the media studies department and their eyes lit up. Turns out she worked on some cult documentary that won a prize at some film festival or other. In Romania."
"Really?"
"So just tell the gal to give Dexter a ring. What’s your email? I’ll send you his contact details." Suzie spelt it out for him and he continued talking while she clicked through the screens on her computer, allocating editing jobs and sending documents through to be translated. 
"Okay, Suze?" said Hank.
"Sure, no problem," she said, putting the phone down absently. It was a good job that Blanche was on the case. Only that morning she had opened her sleek little revolver and inserted the hard insistent bullets into the inviting little holes...
"Translation are waiting for you," said the Grey Lizard, flicking his tail as he walked swiftly past her door.
"Doing it," muttered Suzie. Her breasts straining against the flimsy fabric of her frivolous corset, Blanche leant over the translator and...
"Mrs Lysle?"
The Grey Lizard was standing in front of her desk with his arms crossed and his eyebrows raised.
"All right!" Suzie grabbed a random stack of files and hurried them out of her office, down the corridor to the lift. But she still wasn't concentrating. After all, what did Blanche care about office work? Blanche would annihilate the Grim Reptile with one chop of her karate-trained hand, and would her nail varnish chip? No, it would not. 
At home all that week, she practiced with Blanche's wig, taking it on and off until she was sure she could do it perfectly every time and, when she had the house to herself, she put her contact lenses in too. In fact, by the following week, she had got so used to wearing them that she forgot she still had her brown lenses in when she went down to the kitchen to say hello to the kids after school.
"Your eyes look funny," said Judy.
"Did someone give you a black eye?" asked Ricky.
"Why have you got your hands over your face, Mommy?"
"Nothing!" said Suzie ducking backwards out of the kitchen and shouldering her way into the downstairs cloakroom. "Must be a... a smut!"
"I get cotton!" called Petya running upstairs for the first aid kit.
"Shit, shit, shit," muttered Suzie hurriedly removing her coloured lenses and dropping one on the floor.
"Are you all right, Mom?" asked Ricky hanging round the doorframe. "Why are you sitting on the floor?" 
Suzie looked up and smiled brightly at him. "Good question! I'm just... inspecting it! To see if it's clean!"
Ricky rolled his eyes. "That means Granma's coming for Christmas," he said. "Hope she brings some decent fudge."
It was a narrow escape. But by that Thursday, she'd managed to re-home most of her files in other people's in-trays and hide two large documents in a dossier called Box Archives, so that her desk was a miracle of reason and order. But by that time, she'd also realised that however fast she went, she'd never be able to change into Blanche anywhere else but in her own bedroom. She'd just have to skip work the next morning. 
"Mom, Judy’s flicking juice at me!"
"Behave, Jude."
"Mom, Judy’s poured her juice all over the floor!"
"Be good, darling."
"Mommy, Ricky’s putting his broccoli in the bin!"
"Don’t do that, Ricky sweetheart. Judy, don’t flick mayonnaise at your brother."
She kept mulling over all the possibilities. If he saw her, would Lyn recognise her? Would he laugh at her? And what if it turned out to be someone else?
"Mom, Judy’s put all her salad into the dishwasher!"
"Never mind, Ricky, I’ll get it out later. Half an hour before bed, now. Yes, you can watch TV, Ricky. Don’t eat with your fingers, Judy." Mentally tightening the laces of her brand new lace corset, she put Judy to bed absolutely on time, ruthlessly ignoring her request for just one more minute, just a biscuit, just a drink of water. 
"Honey, I’m home!" called Lyndon, giving Suzie a start.
"I’m here," she sang back. She hung over the banisters outside Judy’s room as he thumped upstairs. "Did you have a good day?" 
"Hi, honey," he said, dropping a kiss on Suzie’s head as walked past her to cuddle Judy. "Hello, beautiful," he said to Judy as her soft little arms went up to cling round his neck. He didn't look like a dangerous international agent. 
Suzie went downstairs to clear up after the kids and get supper for her and Lyndon. "Ten minutes, Ricky. It’s nearly 8 o'clock."
"Okay, Mom," he drawled.
While she was putting the moussaka into the microwave, she poured herself a stiff gin and tonic. "Lots of ice, pas de citron!" she muttered in a heavy French accent. "Zut alors!" She drank it slowly, and then quickly dropped the empty tonic bottle into the bin because she heard Lyndon coming downstairs.
"Okay, Ricky my boy. Bedtime. Off you go, and say goodnight to your mom."
"G’night, mom!"
"Sleep tight, darling," called Suzie. She didn’t even blow him a single kiss because he was going through a phase of hating baby stuff and loathed being fussed over.
"So what’s cooking, honey?" said Lyndon, breezing into the kitchen. "Smells good."
"Moussaka," she said, wishing she’d thought to take it out of the plastic tray. "And rice."
"Drinking gin?" he said, holding the bottle up. She ducked into the fridge, pretending to hunt for the salad and only finding a tiny bag of miniature vegetables that were past their best. "Now how did they get there?" she wondered.
"Hitting the bottle?" he said, louder this time.
"What?" she said, straightening up. "Oh that." She didn’t know what to say really, because she didn’t normally drink spirits, but Lyndon didn’t bat an eyelid. He obviously hadn’t noticed anything strange, and just said "Great idea. Are we celebrating something?"
"No, no... I just you know, fancied a G&T."
"No sweat. Is there any tonic?"
"In the basement," she said and then while he was downstairs, she transferred the moussaka into an ethnic dish and buried the container in the bin. She doused some pre-cooked rice and vegetables with butter, thrust them into the microwave, and opened a packet of Japanese crackers.
"What are all those mattresses doing in the basement," asked Lyndon, coming back into the kitchen. "Looks like a refugee camp down there. Smells like one too, like old socks."
"They're from the guest rooms on the top floor. I’m getting Emmaüs to pick them up. I ordered new mattresses for Mother and Caroline. For Christmas, remember?"
"So what are all these carrier bags doing down there, honey? What is all that stuff? Are we collecting clothes for Oxfam?"
"No," said Suzie. "They're not mine anyway."
"Soosi?" said Petya coming down the stairs in a hurry. "What you - oh Leen!"
"I'm just saying there seems to be an awful lot of stuff down in the basement," said Lyndon showing her a bursting carrier bag. "Like this. What is all this?"
"Iss mine!" said Petya snatching it out of his hand.
 "Okay well, what is it doing down there?"
"My room small, too many memories," said Petya with a tear in the corner of her eye. "Jest memories!"
"Don't cry!" said Suzie.
"No, I clear everythink!" said Petya, grabbing the collapsing paper bag and gesturing vigorously. "I do!"
Suzie looked at Lyndon. What on earth was he up to, obsessively poking about in the cellar? She was about to say something about it when the microwave pinged and it was time for supper.
"No, I heff eaten," said Petya, retreating upstairs.
"Doing anything tomorrow?" she asked Lyn as she served out the moussaka, just to see if she could wrong foot him. "At lunchtime?"
"Mmmm, I'm looking forward to a nice long one," said Lyndon giving her a slow grin, which made her spine tingle. "But I don't have a free lunchtime for weeks. Why? Are you making me an offer?" He was as unflustered as a virgin hen. 
"Maybe," she said, feeling breathless and trying not to blush.
"Shame," he said looking straight into her eye. "I’m expecting to be all tied up." She choked and he raised his eyebrows. "You all right, Hon?" He kissed her affectionately, even lovingly, and she screwed her eyes up as if trying to see through him but he just laughed, ruffled her hair and picked up the evening paper. She stared at his profile with narrowed eyes, wishing she had Blanche's x-ray vision, not to mention her iron nerve.
She slept badly that night and woke up feeling nervous. Julia was right. She was an idiot. The morning routine dragged on, each minute seemingly endless until finally the house was empty and Suzie crept into the bathroom to get ready. It took ages. She worked like an automaton, carefully cleared up after herself and all the time wondering what on earth she was doing. She'd never felt less like a WWII spy or a woman of mystery in her life. She couldn't hear Blanche's voice at all. The only voice in her head was her own, repeating the words her mother had said so often: "There's something wrong you. All these fantasies. I honestly think you need a shrink. Wake up girl and face the world!"
Mentally stuffing her hands over her ears to drown out the endless grinding criticism, she got into the car. She could barely drive, and could never afterwards remember how she managed to navigate the centre of Brussels and get to the underground car park just off St Catherine’s. 
Out on the street, checking her watch, she saw that she was early. She walked slowly round in front of the church, crossed the Marché aux Grains and ducked down a side street, her heels slipping on the uneven cobblestones. Yes there it was, Le Petit Frère, and there was Lyndon walking in front of her. What on Earth was she doing? She stopped in a doorway, leaned against the wall and closed her eyes. She'd have to calm down.
Opening her eyes, she saw a clear reflection of herself in a shop window on the other side of the street; tall and slim, the beautiful line of her hips outlined by a crisp pencil skirt, and suddenly her lips curved in pure joy. She was indeed Blanche. Yes, Blanche Dubois, international woman of mystery leaned casually in the doorway, her trench coat falling open to reveal the outline of her bosom, her dangerous eyes veiled...
"We have an appointment, I believe?" said an amused voice in her ear. She span round and found herself looking directly into Lyndon's eyes. For a split second, neither of them said a word. Then she instinctively pulled back, suddenly afraid that he was going to laugh at her. If Lyndon called her Suzie, she'd die. But he grabbed her upper arms and dragged her into the shadows. His eyes ranged over her face, her hair, her scarlet lips and dark smouldering eyes. She threw her head back and closed her eyes, waiting for the inevitable. 
"Who the hell are you?" he demanded giving her a shake.
She blinked her eyes open and he held her gaze, his expression a mixture of enquiry and enjoyment, and she realised that much as this man was in the same body as her husband's, he was not Lyndon. In some mysterious way, his jaw was better defined, his eyes harder and sharper, his mouth firmer and she'd never seen that facial expression before. He looked positively dangerous. He was Agent B, a complete stranger. 
"Come on, who are you?" he repeated in an angry under voice and Suzie slipped effortlessly into the fantasy. 
Furious at being manhandled so casually, Blanche tried to pull away. But his voice was rough, his soft brown eyes were like granite and his grip on her upper arm was punishing. "How dare you!" she gasped. "Let go! Merde! You know who I yam!" She tried to free herself but it was useless. She shifted her weight intending to bring her knee up sharply but he stepped closer so that she was wedged between him and the wall, his feet either side of hers, the weight of his body pinning her down. She twisted her right arm free, intending to crush his windpipe, but Agent B parried the blow and pinned her arms behind her back. Blanche looked up and met his steady gaze.
"What in ze hell are you doing?" she demanded.
"I could ask you the same question," he replied softly, his face only inches from hers, an infuriating dimple of amusement playing round the side of his mouth. Blanche clenched her teeth. I do not mix business with pleasure, she reminded herself. But even as she thought it, he kissed her and she kissed him back.
"Jesus!" he gasped, when he finally pulled away. 
"I'm Blanche Dubois," she said whispered hoarsely. "And you must be ze Agent B."
His eyes narrowed. "Because?"
"Travels With My Aunt, right hand coat pocket," she rasped. Glancing up at him she saw that his eyes were sparkling with fun.
"Well, that’s a hell of an introduction," he said. "Still, I guess we’ve broken the ice."
Blanche raised her eyebrows. He’d damn nearly broken her arm. 
He looked down at her. "I hope I didn’t hurt you? Are you okay?"
"I yam fine," she lied. 
He inclined his head and gave a half bow as Blanche checked her face in the mirror of a small gold powder compact. "Well then, Miss Dubois, shall we eat? I hope you’re hungry."
"There is nothing like a little exercise for a bon appétit," said Blanche primly, and Agent B put his hand under her elbow. They crossed the road together and went into the restaurant. Inside, seated at a discreet corner table, Blanche crossed her legs under the table, conscious of her naked thighs, and her spiked heels sinking into the carpet. 
"A bottle of Moët," he said to the waiter, waving the wine list aside. "I think we should celebrate, don’t you?"
"You zink so?"
"Oh yes. Definitely. I have an idea that we are on the threshold of a whole new era."
The intensity of his smile set her pulse racing. "Yes, who knows what might 'appen," said Blanche in a peculiar voice. Knowing he couldn't keep his eyes off her, she closed her eyes and dabbed her bruised lips gently against the back of her hand. The waiter came back with the champagne. 
"Thanks," said Agent B, dismissing the man. He twisted the cork out, poured it, raised his glass and smiled. "Well, here’s to you, Miss Dubois."
"And to you, Agent B."
"So tell me. Who are you? I mean, what do you want out of life, what turns you on?"
Mon Dieu, thought Blanche, the champagne zinging madly through her body. What do I want? Right now? Can’t you guess? "You first," she said. "I mean, what turns you on?"
His eye met hers for a split second. "Oh, I’ve always been a sucker for new ideas, food for thought, that kinda stuff. But I’m beginning to wonder if I haven’t been missing something."
"Oh really? Like what?"
"Theatre, role-play, acting, maybe."
Her eyebrows twitched. "So this is not you? You are playing a role now?"
Agent B smiled. "Who knows? Maybe both of us are acting?"
"Moi, non." Blanche shrugged. "I don’t have time for ze games; I work too hard. I live only for my profession."
"Which is?"
"What ez yours?"
He paused and then looked at her. "Does that matter?"
She stared back at him. "No," she said and they both laughed out loud. As they ate lunch, the conversation roamed over politics, modern culture and European transport history, taking in favourite London greasy spoons and schoolyard jokes on the way, and she watched the expressions that flitted across his face: excited, thoughtful, puzzled, amused, triumphant, nostalgic, entertaining. Agent B wasn’t just stimulating to talk to, he was seductive. He had a trick of punctuating conversation by rubbing his hands over his face and looking away before broaching a new subject. A small blue vein pulsed in his temple, his full lips glistened with olive oil, and from time to time he met her gaze and gave an intimate little smile. "God, I have to get moving," he said, suddenly glancing at his watch. "This has been too short. Can we do this again sometime? I promise not to assault you." Blanche nodded. "I’ll contact you," he said. Outside they smiled at each other, and just for a second, stood side by side on the pavement.
"Sure I can’t give you a lift?" he said.
"No, no. I 'ave some tings to do in town."
They shook hands, strangely awkward at the moment of parting, and then he turned abruptly and walked away. She watched him go before she too turned away, in the opposite direction. Half an hour later, having wandered the streets in a daze waiting for her pulse to steady, in a fit of recklessness, Suzie pulled Blanche's phone out of her bag, and opened the text she knew would be waiting for her. "Monday morning? By the lakes?"
"What for?"
"The restaurant phoned to say we left an umbrella behind. I didn’t have one, so it must be yours. I could give it to you." In her mind's eye, she saw him standing in the rain, his body arched over hers, his arms and back sheltering her from the rain. Raindrops trickling down his back and between his buttocks as he bent over her like a weeping willow... 
"Don’t prevaricate. Just meet me."
"Ok." As she threw the phone back into her bag, she shivered with excitement. She knew she ought to be on standby in case one of her children had forgotten their football boots or their paintbrushes, ought to be straightening rugs, or planning a church fund-raiser but she didn't care about any of it. She just wanted to feel her pulse racing and her stocking tops rubbing against her thighs. 
She walked on, revelling in being Blanche, finding beauty in everything, even the flatness of the colour in Brussels. The pavement beneath her feet was dizzyingly uneven; the air intoxicating, the noise of trains overhead exciting and stimulating. She stood still, and all around her the sky drizzled, the traffic stalled and the metro hummed. She wanted to sing out loud, and might even have done so if she hadn't been dressed as a WWII spy. As it was, she pulled her mouth straight, tucked her chin firmly into her collar and started walking swiftly back to the car park.
"I see we have come into the office," said the Grey Lizard nearly an hour later when Suzie scampered out of the lift having dashed home and done a lightening costume change. "Finally." He ostentatiously inspected the watch encircling his paper-thin wrist. "What an unexpected pleasure. Are you intending to finish the pencil case study this month, or sit on it until Christmas?"
"Dental appointment. Agony," she mumbled, gesturing at her face.
"Monsieur Cuepouri will hear about this on the top floor," he said.
"It’s with translation," she said. "I sent it down yesterday. I’m just about to start a thing here from Dereck - about standardised assessments for industrial glue."
"That was rather quick. You did it properly, I hope?"
Suzie just looked at him, all desire to laugh banished.
"Well, let’s hope you can finish the glue on time, shall we? I have four more reports here for you and we need them by next Thursday." 
"Okay, leave them with me," said Suzie. 
"I’m glad to see the dentist removed your lipstick, by the way," he said, and flicked off. 
You little shit, thought Suzie. There was no way she could edit all that lot by Thursday. She’d have to delegate some of it; perhaps Veronica would help out. She decided to email Deryck and find out when he was coming back to work. But then she just couldn’t be bothered with any of it, and the minute she saw the Grey Lizard flicking into the staff kitchen to count the sugar lumps, she just grabbed the files and ran. She phoned Deryck from home: "How are you?"
"Bloody awful. The doctor’s signed me off for another week and after that if I can still skive off I will, Suze. I'm sorry but I just can't stand that bloody Grey Lizard any more."
"Can’t you at least send me an email agreeing that I can work at home for the time being? I can’t stand him either. He’s driving me mad. I'm only supposed to be part-time, a few afternoons a week if you remember."
"Okay, I’ll send you an email, but there had better still be a translation department when I get back!"
"I could cheerfully strangle him."
"Don’t blame you, duckie," said Deryck. "Between you and me. The guy’s a gros con."
"And a half."
"Yeah, he’s half a gros con."
Then Petya and the kids came home, and she had to help Ricky put crosses on a map of Europe to represent all the capital cities which meant finding an atlas because he wasn't supposed to use google to do his homework, which meant heaving half the books off the bookshelves and, while they were doing that, Judy got cross with her dog drawing and crumpled it up, which meant Suzie had to go downstairs and iron it flat again, which meant the meat balls burned so she had to defrost yet another pizza. Then she remembered she hadn’t asked Luke if he could take one of the Grey Lizard’s reports off her plate and phoned him, which meant she didn’t notice the kids leaving their salad and finishing nearly a whole pot of Nutella, which meant that Judy got it in her hair, which meant Suzie had to bath her. And then Ricky discovered that Hammy didn’t have any food in his cage at all. Not even any hidden in his bed. So that caused a major ruckus, and she had to start preparing a gourmet feast for the smelly little rat, because otherwise Judy was going to insist on walking all the way down to the Cinquantenaire in her nightie to pick dandelions - and she was aware that she should have been able to quash all this with a well-timed comment, but as it was she ended up cutting cucumber roses for Hammy instead of making supper for her and Lyndon and then, when he got in, she had to dash out and take Barbara to le stretching before making a start on the industrial glue assessments. 
"I’m so sorry, Lyn. I’m just all over the place today. I just got behind, and..."
"Stay cool, hon. I’ll just fix us something cold. I went out for lunch today."
Her heart thumped and the world went on turning without her. "Oh?"
"Very satisfying," he murmured. "How does potato salad sound?"
Suzie just nodded and swallowed convulsively. And the next thing she knew she was on her way to gym class, feeling as if her blood had been replaced by exploding soda.
"Hi," said Barbara, getting into the car. "Why didn’t you phone me back?"
"Did I get a message?"
"Well, you might have known I wanted to talk to you! I’m so pissed off with Hank. I hate that bloody spacesuit. I could have killed him for wearing it last Saturday. Did you see Penelope’s face? And Sylvia?"
"I shouldn’t take any notice."
"I'm a laughing stock."
Suzie didn’t answer. She was thinking about Agent B. About the way he’d kissed her when she tried to hit him, his body urgent and demanding. She was imagining Emile, the long thin blade Blanche carried in her bag. If danger struck, Blanche would know how to protect herself. The black clad Russian agent standing before her paled, and she smiled grimly. "And now, you will pay," she said softly, sliding the wicked knife slowly into his passive inviting flesh. The agent moaned...
"Are you listening?" said Barbara. "Honestly, you are limit. I don’t think you’re even on this planet half the time."
"Sorry, sorry, so sorry," said Suzie. "I yam listening; I promise."
She managed to stay more or less compos mentis in the sports centre, but when she got back after le stretching, she couldn't find Lyndon. He wasn’t watching the telly, raiding the fridge or even in his study upstairs. She found him in their bedroom going through the wardrobe. 
"Looking for something?" she asked.
"Oh, are you back, hon?" he said turning to face her, with a soft charcoal-grey beret in one hand.
"Wardrobes are like freezers, aren’t they?" she said quickly. "There’s always something lurking at the back which you don’t remember buying!"
"Oh, is that it? Aren’t you home a little early?" 
"Barbara got a lift home with the instructor."
"Have you got work to do?" he asked, "Or are you coming to bed? I could use an early night."
"I'll just turn the lights off," she said.
"No problem," he said, "I'll do it," and went silently downstairs. She often wondered how he did that. It was almost as if he could walk without his feet touching the ground. Had he learned that in spy school? Slowly she stripped her clothes off and dropped them on the floor. She was exhausted. When Lyndon came to bed she didn’t say anything, and nor did he. Just got into bed beside her, took her wrist and turned it over to expose a dull red mark on her upper arm.
"What’s this, hon?" he asked.
She blushed. "I must have bumped into something," she said, and he kissed the swollen flesh, moving up to her shoulder and then her neck. Suzie smiled, wound her arms round his neck and pulled him closer. 
And the smile was still on her face the next morning when, having seen everyone off the premises, she dressed in Blanche's clothes for the second day running. Blanche had work to do. A little creative effort was required. A little dissimulation. A little forgery.
She stood in the kitchen immobile, the steam from the kettle in her hand spiralling up through the dim morning light. Life was very sweet for spies. And now instead of picking dandelions, de-scaling the kettle or checking infant homework, she was indulging herself. Flicking chestnut locks off her face, she went upstairs taking the kettle with her. As she climbed the stairs, her muscles ached in all kinds of newly rediscovered places and she rubbed her cheek against her shoulder like a contented cat. 
In her sewing room, she tipped the contents of her handbag onto a large pattern cutting table and started sifting through them, sorting them into two piles; items which could be used to establish a new identity, and everything else. The bankcards and personal items were useless. Who would want ze natural-coloured lipstick? Or ze fluff-covered lip salve? Or ze packet of biscuit crumbs? Or ze safety pins and what on earth was ze arnica cream? And plasters decorated with Disney characters? Disgusting. A vast selection of loyalty cards, most of them unused, a packet of cough sweets. Blanche discarded it all. The important stuff was the Belgian identity card, the British passport and the international driving licence. Birth certificates were so easy to forge that it was really a crime that so many places still accepted them as identification.
A shadow crossed the window and she looked up. What was that? She reached for her gun, cunningly disguised as a stapler, but it was only a pigeon dancing clumsily on the sill. Slowly she put the weapon back onto the desk, and having listened intently for another second or two, became once more absorbed in her task. Blanche enjoyed forging ze documents. In fact, it was her signature skill. She had mastered it absolutely effortlessly during training. At art school. Spy school. Ze forging was so simple, so clean, so creative and depending on what standard of forgery you were producing, so quick. In this case, however, she didn’t need top-quality documents. Just good enough to fool a bank teller and one or two little secretaries.
Suzie had no real idea why she wanted ID for Blanche, and didn't even really want to think about it. It was just all part of the game. If the contents of Blanche's bag included Suzie's ID and credit cards, then she wasn't really Blanche was she? And forging a set of papers was an irresistible challenge. She plugged the kettle in again, and flicked it on. The Belgian ID was backed onto cardboard. She took a sheet of similar card from her case in order to see what level of acid was required to dissolve ink without stripping the colour out of the card. If she had to, she’d make the whole thing from scratch but then she’d have the additional task of distressing it. The passport was easier. 
The pigeon returned to the window, landing in a shaft of gentle sunlight. Suzie glanced up but she was completely at ease now in her role of lady-forger and spy extraordinaire, mistress of her task. She hummed softly as the clock ticked on the mantelpiece and the kettle steamed in the background. A strand of hair escaped from the pin at her temple and swayed across her jaw. The curve of her lashes cast a charcoal shadow on the smooth cream of her cheek and her breath came soft and even like that of a sleeping child.
It didn’t take long. When Blanche straightened up from her intense concentration and checked her watch, the whole operation had only taken two and half hours. She looked at the three new documents and smiled. Now what else would she need? Yes, some household bills in the name of Blanche Dubois, a birth certificate, an employment contract, and perhaps a few pieces of personal correspondence. These were all items that she had previously downloaded onto her laptop. Extremely useful. She fed the relevant pre-distressed sheets of paper into the machine and hit the print button. Leaving the machine to do its work, she then bundled the rejected contents back into the handbag and dumped it back on the desk.
It was time to leave. She flicked a quick glance out of the window and checked in her stride. There was someone in the garden. To be more precise, a pair of male feet was protruding from behind ze garden shed. Blanche cleared all traces of her morning's activities from the room and ran silently down the stairs into the garden. Walking on her toes so that her stilettos didn't sink into the gelatinous lawn, she rounded the shed and stood over the prone form of a peacefully snoring man on a pile of dry grass. Mellors. Beside him fluttered a handful of cigarette papers. Blanche raised one elegant eyebrow and stepping over the man’s body, slowly swung the potting shed door open with one beautifully manicured fingertip. Nothing but a jumble of forks, spades, rakes and white plastic garden furniture. She took a few steps further down the path, and pushed the greenhouse door open: row upon row of marijuana plants flourishing under an infrared light. 
For a split second, Suzie was tempted to send Blanche into action. She could pin the man to the ground with a garden fork, force him to talk, scare the merde out of him. But what if he really was spying on them? Was it smart to show her hand so clearly? And if she woke him up would he be part of her fantasy? Or a dangerous real life element? No, she would deal with him later. She had other priorities to deal with first.
Blanche left him sleeping and took the metro into town with her newly forged documents folded into a smart new bag on a gold chain. In the centre of town, she walked straight down the avenue and into the French bank on the corner. She knew they wouldn’t look too closely at her papers; her accent was impeccable 7th arrondissement, her personal accessories expensive, and her lipstick perfectly applied. Furthermore, she had taken care to dress conservatively and to wear ze dark glasses. Oh yes, Blanche could impress when necessary.
It went without a hitch. Her documents were accepted without question, a large roll of cash was taken into custody with polite expressions of obligation on all sides, and her current account was open. She could collect her card in two days' time, said the manager, bowing gracefully. "Yes, yes, Bancontact, Proton, Cirrus, Maestro, everything. Naturally. Madame, my pleasure indeed. You are welcome. Yes, I do so understand, Madame, yes absolutely, yes, yes, yes."
Unlike Suzie, who was always nervously placating rude assistants, Blanche didn’t smile. Blanche never smiled at people in the service industry, Suzie told herself with vicious satisfaction. Back out on the street, she shook her dark hair round her face and her thoughts turned back to the gardener. He couldn't possibly consume so many cannabis plants all himself, although judging by appearances he wasn't averse to attempting it. Perhaps he had a buyer in Amsterdam? Quel stupid boy. What if the house was raided by les gendarmes? This idiot Mellors person was obviously a massive fool. At which point someone grabbed her elbow and she froze.
"Suzie? Oh, I'm so sorry! Do excuse me. So sorry!" It was Bella Dance looking red and embarrassed. "I mistook you for someone else... It was your walk. So idiotic, so sorry! Excuse me!" She hurried away, her face twisted in confusion.
Suzie would have done a triumphant war dance right there on the pavement, but as it was, Blanche simply tossed her beautifully cut hair out of her lustrous eyes and kept right on walking, a sexy little smile hovering around her exquisitely painted lips. 
CHAPTER SEVEN



"You know what?" said Lyndon switching the hoover off. "We need a maid. I had envisioned that the au pair might do more than simply help with the kids..."
"Petya irons! She's spends half her life down there doing laundry!"
"I'm not complaining. Simply stating that we have enough money for you not to spend Saturday mornings cleaning up." 
Suzie shrugged. He was right but the gardener he'd employed was obviously a spy and although she'd chosen Petya herself, she had to admit that the girl was half barking. Did she really want to add another oddball to the household? "Perhaps after Christmas," she said. "I'll think about it. On the other hand, can you get the decorations down from the attic? Sometime when the kids aren't around so I can check the lights are still working."
"It's only November."
"Two weeks from now the best lights will all have sold out. I don't want to be running round town looking at empty shelves with the kids moaning that all the lights are broken." He nodded and she watched him wander away with his hands in his pockets. She kicked the hoover into life again. Lyndon a spy? It was hard to believe. Whatever Agent B did for a living, in the dank misty grey daylight of Brussels in late November, Lyndon was clearly just an ordinary boring husband. 
Or was he? Because if so, why had she never met anyone from his office? The only person she had ever met was the guy who came round to their old flat in Paris, when she was pregnant with Ricky. She thought back to that day; hauling the heavy door open to find a fat man perspiring on the doormat. He said he wanted to talk to Lyndon - who was out presumed working - but perhaps he'd really come to see her all along?
"Well, perhaps I could step in and wait for him, ma’am? I just need to clarify one or two points on a job application. Nothing important, just minor details. But it would be as well to clear them up."
"Oh right," she said, nodding vaguely. "I don’t think he’ll be long. Would you like some tea?" 
"Oh yes, ma’am," he said, giving her a cheesy grin. "I surely would. Call me Ted, by the way." So she led the way into the minute kitchen, put the kettle on and chatted about her bump until the subject worked round to Lyndon and his work. "So how do you feel about this application, ma’am?" said Ted, dunking a digestive.
Suzie was so taken up with antenatal classes and patchwork cot quilts that she hadn’t poked her nose above the parapet for months. "Mmm," she said. "Is Lyndon changing jobs? I don’t know much about communications, I trained in fashion myself. I like designing clothes for children and babies. Do you like patchwork?"
Ted smiled and rushed enthusiastically round the other side of the conversation like a sheepdog, snapping at the heels of her unruly remarks to get her back on topic. His eyes shining with simple pleasure, he asked whether she thought it was important for wives to share in their husband’s work lives. "Ma’am, I wonder if you kin tell me this one - what d’you think about husbands always tellin’ their wives the truth? Is that important, d’you think? And what about travelling? Would it bother you if your husband had to travel some, in the course of his doodies?"
She couldn’t remember what she’d said exactly. Probably something about hormonally induced bunny-wunnies, and fluffy ickle kitty-witties. She had a vague memory of having towed the Stepford line: "Once you’ve got kids, you haven’t really got time for dressing up and going off to the office to shake hands with a lot of strangers in suits, have you?" She would have said anything to stop him wagging his tail all over her kitchen and let her get on with stroking her bump, dreaming hazily of sky-blue-pink cuddles, soft downy heads, tender angel kisses, rosy cupids with violet eyes and mummy, I love you, I’ll love you forever, hello baby, stroke, stroke, stroke.
"Well I have to go," he said, getting up. "It’s been nice meeting you, Mrs Lysle. Tell your husband I'll call him in a day or two." And he actually patted her hair on the way out. 
Presumably he’d gone off and written "suitable" against the wife box on the application form because a month or so later, Lyndon got his security clearance. But now she wondered about the whole thing. Like, if ACCA was such a large international organisation, why hadn’t anyone heard of it? There was something well dodgy in the state of employment. But at the time, being pregnant, she didn't care. She just felt numb and, more than a decade later, Suzie still felt numb. Lobotomised. Just scrabbling along in her little hamster wheel with everyone watching and nodding in approval. And she couldn't stop, because people were always watching. Night and day. People like Penelope and Adela. Mrs Horrible Frinton and Bella Dance. The neighbours and the PTA.
But on Monday morning she came alive again. So what if she had to plunge out into the early morning gloom before the world was awake? So what if she had to wear a large headscarf and a huge pair of dark sunglasses? She was a hoover refusenik, she was Blanche, international woman of mystery and unquenchable sexual appetite. And Blanche had a date! She scuttled down the frosty pavement, and the minute she was out of sight of the house, dived into a doorway. There, her pulse loud in her ears, she removed her dark glasses, checked her make-up in the mirror of her powder compact, added scarlet lipstick and finally, removed the scarf from her glossy dark hair and tied it jauntily around her throat.
Stepping back onto the street, Blanche tucked her chin in, shoved her hands into her coat pockets and strode purposefully towards the tram stop. Ten minutes later, without so much as a backwards glance at the traffic, she stepped off the pavement which ran round the park and onto the sandy path which led alongside the misty, early morning lake to the miniature golf course.
Gazing out across the silver water, she caught sight of Agent B striding decisively round the water in her direction. Oblivious of the freezing mist, his eyes were fixed on hers and the edges of his mouth curled into an intimate smile. His coat was open, flapping around his long legs as if he didn't feel the cold. 
Her own shoulders hunched against the chill, she thrust her hands deep into her pockets and bit her lip to stop herself smiling like an idiot as he stopped beside her. She looked away from him, gazing steadfastly at the icy water, every cell of her body tingling merely because he was standing beside her, shoulder to shoulder. For a minute they stood in silence, staring at the swans swimming in endless circles.
"I’m sorry I hurt you," he said, touching the sleeve of her trench coat with a small folding umbrella. 
She took the umbrella and shrugged. "Ce n’est pas grave," she said as coolly as possible, slipping it into her bag. Shelter. He had given her shelter. 
"Christ, I enjoyed it," he said suddenly. "Last week. More than you know. But it’s so dangerous." He lifted his chin and turned his gaze full on her. "My life isn’t actually my own. Questions are being asked. From above. So, much as I’d like to continue this, I have to call it off."
Blanche’s heart thumped. He wanted out. But she was not ready to let him go. Pas du tout. "I understand," she said and gazed straight into his beautiful brown eyes with a charming, rueful smile. She lowered her long eyelashes over her cheeks and a faint tinge of pink stole over her cheeks. "But I am not looking for a lover or even a business associate. Zat is not at all my intention." She blushed adorably. "I have a man!" she said. "A very sexy..."
"You do?" he interrupted.
"And why not?" she asked. "I am zo ugly?"
He raised an eyebrow. "Not at all, ma'am. It was stupid of me not to have thought of it before. So this er, man of yours... he doesn't mind you running round town eating lunch with strange Americans in restaurants?"
"Because he ez not here!" Her mind raced. "He ez... a scientist," she said finally. "Working. In Zurich. A contract zere. So he won’t be back for oh! Many months! Zat is why I am alone in a city full of strangers. Just lunch and some conversation. We had nothing more. Did we?" She raised her eyes to his and stared at him, wondering if she should try for just one sparkling diamond teardrop. 
"So how come you didn’t mention him before?" demanded Agent B.
"Bof."
"Look at me," he ordered. "Properly. Chin up!" She obeyed him slowly, lifting her eyelids at the last possible moment. His lips were less than an inch from hers, she could feel his breath on her mouth as he moved closer, and her pulse raced. 
"I gotta go," he said abruptly, shoving both his hands into his pockets, but he didn't walk away around the lake. He just stood beside her, the mist gradually receding across the water, the noise of the traffic picking up as the rush hour got under way. 
"Do you do this often?" she asked.
"With you everything is the first time." He looked straight into her eyes and he was so transparently troubled that she suddenly felt ashamed of her lies. But it was too late to take them back. He'd already taken the first step away from her. Paralysed, she couldn't think of anything to say, and a second later he turned on his heel and walked briskly away round the water.
She watched him leave with a frown playing across her forehead. Damn. Having watched his car disappear into the traffic, she sighed, unpinned her wig, peeled it off and tucked it neatly into the side pocket of her bag. Then, running her fingers through her hair, she went slowly up the path and caught the first tram.
The mist had almost completely cleared and the traffic was in full flood. Brussels was heaving itself slowly into the routine of another day, and for once the sun gleamed dully behind the clouds. It might even stay dry - but Suzie didn’t care. She wouldn’t have cared if it rained all day. When she got off the tram, she walked fast, the cold air and the wind making her eyes run. There was almost nobody in the office that early in the morning and Suzie walked into the building and took the lift without being seen. 
Standing at her window, looking at herself in a hand mirror, she realised that even without her wig, there was no way she could possibly remove all traces of Blanche, but she did her best. She wiped away the running mascara, took her contacts out, changed into her own shoes and removed her lipstick; unearthed a sloppy old cardigan from the filing cabinet and slung it over Blanche’s crisp white shirt. Then she sat down to check her emails. There were already about six of them from the Grey Lizard, ranting on about having back-to-back editorial cover in the office and even more depressing, one from Fabien Cuepouri asking all staff to state their working hours. Suzie shook her head. Horrible little man. She logged onto Blanche's hotmail account but there was nothing. 
"Good," she told herself. "No distractions." Her stomach like lead, she deleted all the Grey Lizard's emails and worked solidly until her eyes started watering again. All that make-up, she thought, wiping her cheeks carefully. Feeling empty and bored, she opened Blanche's account again.
"For the first time in nearly twenty years," read Agent B's draft email, "I realised I simply don't give a damn about duty. Meet me for lunch."
Suzie's heart leapt with joy. "Are you sure?" she typed, with shaking fingers.
"Almonds and apricots scattered over roast lamb? Would that appeal?"
"You know it would." She smiled, and within minutes the name of a restaurant arrived by text. For the rest of the morning, she worked solidly although she was once again on autopilot and didn't actually read a single word on her screen - just mechanically edited everything in sight. At midday, she put her contacts back in, positioned her full coffee cup beside her keyboard with a pile of biscuits, and hung her droopy cardigan over the back of her chair, hoping that everyone would think she must be still about somewhere. Then she changed her shoes and strode out of the building.
She got into the waiting cab, gave the address, and pulled Blanche's wig out of her bag. She could see the driver watching her through the rear view mirror, but what business was it of his? She combed it through, pinned it into place, re-applied her lipstick and slipped on her designer sunglasses. Serene, Blanche watched the town jerk past outside the car window and checked her watch. She was bang on time. Having paid off the cab, this time she didn't play any delaying games. Just made sure the driver was out of sight before doubling back and walking straight into the rendezvous. Agent B was there. Darker and stronger than ever before. He looked up with a smile which felt like the sun coming out.
"How’re you doing?" he said.
"Ça va. Maybe a little tired. I was up early this morning."
"Yup, these breakfast meetings are killers, aren’t they? No time to get the public persona fixed on straight."
"Horrible. Especially when zere is no coffee."
He laughed. "Okay, coffee next time?"
She shook her head. "No, no. No more breakfast meetings. Lunch is okay, but ze breakfast is horrible. With or without ze coffee." After a pause in which they both surveyed the restaurant decor and the street outside, the conversation creaked into motion again and soon shifted to cinema. They both loved old Hollywood classics. But more than that, they both loved discovering shared connections.
"What’s the connection between Buster Keeton and Gene Kelly?"
"Bof. Michael Crawford. Yes, he was in Hello Dolly, that’s right, directed by Gene Kelly, I know."
"D'you remember the bit in The General where Keaton sits on the metal bar and it starts going round?"
"Magnifique!"
"Hey, do you think anyone is really that feeble? I mean the feeble character is a film favourite, the pathos and black despair provides the comedy, of course." 
"What about Charlot?"
"Charlie Chaplain. Exactly." 
"But could it be for real?"
"Yeah, is anyone really that wet?"
"Sorry?"
"Wet, I mean pathetic. Michael Crawford? Nah, that just his public persona, he doesn’t do it any more. He’s doing grand old man of the theatre these days. Far more popular. Isn't that what we all sell, in the end? A popular facade? It certainly is when you go for a job interview. Probably is when you fall in love the regular way." 
"Comment ca? Ze regular way?"
"Hearts and flowers. Not like arranged marriages. Well, unlike intelligently-arranged marriages maybe."
"So you do not believe in love. Merely ze sale of a popular facade? And you an American too!" Blanche laughed. "Mon Dieu, as a people, Americans are ze most romantic people in the world! After ze Russians of course."
"They are?"
"Tiens! Americans are ze only people on ze planet who actually seriously believe in good and bad, black and white, all nicely clean and neatly defined!"
"So you French...?"
"We are pragmatists, not romantics. We don't look for ze ideal, we negotiate ze existing reality to our best advantage."
Engrossed, they ate without paying much attention to the lamb, their eyes alight with interest, their minds dancing from one subject to the next.
"Yes, but the trick is to see everyzing," said Blanche.
"You can always catch up on what you miss." 
"But one never does because given ze chance, one always makes the same choice."
"Yes, you’re right. And yet most people see choice as liberation," he said. "Certainly, that’s the American mantra. Freedom and choice."
"Yes, ze American fetish!"
"And just as confining as no choice at all?"
Blanche looked through her lashes at him and said with a provocative smile, "Ah, but does that not depend on ze fetish?"
"Touché." He raised his glass to her and smiled. "But obviously it depends on whether you do, in fact, choose the same thing all the time."
"We are creatures of habit. Always seeking to maintain ze status quo, whether it in fact serves us or not."
"Which is why, according to you, our choices imprison us?"
She laughed. "Well, you have argued me into a neat vicious circle, and all I meant to say was zat if you wish to discover new and stimulating film, you should go to the film museum and see films entirely at random. In order to break the habit of choice."
"We should go," said Lyndon.
"Oui," she answered and then suddenly they both fell silent.
"Well, maybe we will, one day," said Agent B finally. And then after an awkward pause he said, "Shall we do this again sometime?"
"Of course," she said. "Why not?"
Getting back to the office was a scramble and of course the Grey Lizard was on the warpath. "I suppose getting your hair coloured is more important than doing a few minutes work in exchange for your salary?" he said, as Suzie hurried past him in the corridor.
"I work part-time," she snapped back, putting her hand up to her wig. "I’m only supposed to do 15 hours a week! I’m not even supposed to be here!" She fiddled around at her keyboard irritably, deleting pompous phrases and clarifying duff syntax as she relived her lunch with Agent B. But concentration was impossible, and anyway, with her heels off and her wig still on she was neither one thing nor the other. Exasperated, she emailed herself the rest of her work and leaving her desk looking like a junkyard, went home.
Letting herself into the house, Suzie listened intently. Thank God no-one was back yet. She ran straight upstairs, unpinning her wig as she went, and threw her beret into the back of the wardrobe as she untied the belt of Blanche's trench coat. Her new dark hair might not occasion much remark at the office, but the kids would have a fit. So she went on feverishly dragging the pins out, when she suddenly stopped. There was someone in her study. Some noise or slight movement had alerted her. She didn't know exactly what.
She looked at herself in the mirror, thrust some pins back into her chestnut bob and licked her lips. Over to you, Blanche. Quietly, very quietly, she walked across the wide landing and flattened herself against the wall. She knew for certain there was someone in the sewing room. Silently, Blanche swung the door open. Mellors was sitting at her desk going through the contents of her drawers. She raised her eyebrows and cleared her throat.
 "Christ!" he said, spinning round in surprise. "Who are you?" His expression changed to relief and then puzzlement. "Blimey!" he said trying to sound confident. "I thought you were the missis when I first see you! Gave me a turn. But now I look again, you ain’t her. Too thin."
"Idiot," said Blanche. 
"And too sexy," he added.
"In your dreams," Blanche snapped, and sprang into action. Suzie would never in a million years have let her pent up anger get the better of her, but Blanche was sick to the back teeth of being kicked around by morons and this was just the outlet she needed for a lifetime's pent up fury. Before he realised what she was up to, she had grabbed a large pair of dressmaking shears, and was pointing them straight into his face. "Allez," she said and backed him into the chair. "To begin, you had better explain ze contents of ze garden shed."
He was unrepentant. "Pot plants," he said. "Want one?"
"No. I want ze information. Who you work for?"
"The bloke that lives here. The husband employed me, didn't he?"
"Who else?" she said jabbing the scissors at his left nostril.
"Why should I tell you?"
"Because," she explained impatiently, "if you don’t, I’ll report your little farming entreprise to ze American military police at the base. I’m sure they’d be interested to know zat one of their citizens is being set up by an international drug syndicate which aims to cause the American government ze maximum amount of international embarrassment by embroiling them in a drugs and corruption scandal just ahead of ze next G7 meeting."
Mellors chewed his fingernail. Large rings of sweat stained his shirt. 
"On ze other hand," she said, "you could remove yourself from this property and all signs of your, agricultural activities shall we say, and no more to be said about it." 
"Really," he said, looking at Blanche and for a split second the lust in his eyes distracted her. Naturally, Blanche was used to people admiring her body, after all men had been passing out at the sight of her for years, but Suzie wasn't so used to it and seeing that look in Mellors' eye took her aback. He was quick to seize the advantage. Quick as a flame, he knocked the scissors aside, pulled her into his arms and thrust his tongue into her mouth. The dressmaking shears rattled out of her hand and onto the floor. He smelt of earth, his breath was hot, his hands were hard, and his body strong and firm against hers. 
Suzie was paralysed with shock, but Blanche sprang into action without a second thought. She pressed one sharp stiletto heel down on the toe of his shoe, and pulled her mouth away from his. "Hands off," she hissed furiously. He stared at her, his breath ragged, his eyes dilated. She pressed harder with her heel. "I will hurt you," she said. He obviously thought she was calling his bluff. With a broad wet smile, he lunged forward again and she transferred her entire weight onto his foot. She would have preferred to have killed him with her bare hands, but crucifying one foot would have to suffice. 
He gasped in agony and hoped away from her. Blanche reached across the desk until her fingers found the familiar shape of her letter-opener, shaped like a miniature dagger. Her fingers trembling with rage, she caressed the silver blade. "This is Emile," she hissed. "And he has a taste for blood. "He loves cutting up men like you. Christ, I'd like to kill you!"
"Are you out of your fucking head? All right! A man in the Irish pub hired me. Says he's a friend of the family. Wanted me to find out about the wife. What she's up to. They reckon she's playing away. Jesus, I can't walk! He told me to find out. Get evidence. Photos, papers, any official papers. It didn't matter what. Christ, you've broken me foot!" he sobbed, tears beginning to stream down his face. "Can't you see?"
Suzie looked down and her eyes widened. His shoe really did look as if it was filling with blood. What on earth had she done? Shoving her out of his way, the gardener hobbled to the door and staggered out onto the landing. "You're fucking off your head, that's what you are!" he said. "Fucking crazy!"
Suzie watched him stumble down the stairs and let himself out of the front door. Her heart was beating like a Labrador's tail and she was shaking all over. She must be out of her mind. Walking into her bedroom, she peeled Blanche's wig off, shook her hair out and washed her face. Then she looked at herself in the mirror and her mouth curved up in a slow smile. Christ, she felt fantastic. A few minutes later, running downstairs with the car keys swinging from her fingers, Suzie realised she was singing with elation. Finally, she'd given someone precisely what they deserved. The guy was a creep, spying on them, growing drugs in their garden, breaking into their house; he deserved a broken foot. She got into the car, noticing that in fact the basement was looking rather a mess. Lyndon was right. She would clear it out at the weekend.
Yodelling along to the radio, she braved what the children called the Killer Rounden-Bout and everyone else called Montgomery, before launching herself into the racetrack that was the avenue de Tervueren during the rush hour. 
Taking a leaf out of Blanche’s book, Suzie drove like an angel, a very fast one, but she was still a good half an hour late, which meant that instead of the kids running out of the school gates as she drew up outside the building, she had to park the car, trail into the building and retrieve them from the after-school study club herself and, as bad luck would have it, she ran slap bang into frightful Mrs Frinton. 
"We do feel that if parents understand modern teaching techniques themselves, they are more able to help their little ones with homework. Do you see, Mrs Dial?
"Lysle, actually. Er, sorry. Modern maths. Yes, I see..."
"So I’ll put you on the list, then, shall I? Brain gym in room 1b, just follow the Mickey Mouse stickers, and don’t be late. 7am sharp. We don’t tolerate tardy Teddies here!" She minced off with her ginger hair buzzing round her scalp, leaving Suzie staring after her in amazement. She’d just been given early morning detention. And there was nothing she could do about it. Suzie Lysle, the perfect mother, however much she might want to, didn't actually run around Brussels killing people with her bare hands. So she stretched her mouth into a plastic smile and concentrated on walking the kids back to the car without getting involved in a road rage incident.
"Can we get my jodhpurs, Mommy? For Klaudia’s party?" asked Judy, trotting through the car park.
"No," said Ricky. "Don’t be drongo. Nobody’s going to buy you a pair of jods just to go to a party." Judy began to wail loudly.
"Ricky, don’t be unkind. Judy, don’t be a baby. Stop crying. He’s only teasing. Get in the car. Ricky, make sure her seat belt is on."
"Can’t I ride in the front, Mom?"
"No."
"Mo-om! Everybody else rides in the front! Only babies ride in the back!"
"I wanna ride in the front!" wailed Judy.
"Get in the back, both of you, and put your seat belts on." She bundled the pair of them and their wheelie-satchels into the car, checked their seat belts, got in and launched into the rush hour as the squabbling continued in the back.
"My joddies won’t be howwible, Mommy!"
"You’re so débile, Jude..."
"No!" said Suzie loudly. "Nope! Not another word! Be quiet, Judy. Shut up, Ricky, it’s nothing to do with you!" She doubled round the back and managed to get into the car park at the Woluwe Shopping Centre. Upstairs in the mall, ignoring all temptations to look in other windows, she went straight to the sportswear shop and collared an assistant. It was quite simple, she told herself. Find out what they had in Judy’s size, let her choose the colour, and then just pay for them and out again.
Which is what they did. In her new decisive mood, Suzie persuaded Judy to fall in love with the first pair of jods she tried on, and in under half an hour they were back in the car and finding another parking place just beside the chip caravan on Georges Henri. Suzie even remembered to get an extra plastic mini-fork for Petya while the man was tearing holes in the paper to stop the chips going soggy on the way home. To hell with cooking. To hell with vegetables. She simply plonked the parcel in the middle of the kitchen table and they all just dug in, dipping their chips into lakes of ketchup and mayo, a Belgian habit that they’d all adopted with enthusiasm.
"By the way, Petya, I just remembered. Hank sent me this," said Suzie, pulling a sheet of paper out of her bag. "It’s an email. I printed it off for you."
"What iss?" Petya was eating like a horse, shovelling chips into her mouth as if she had never eaten before.
"He says you’re famous. Why didn't you tell me you won a prize? The media studies boffins are mad keen to meet you. I don’t know if it’ll lead to anything, but you never know."
"You wan me to leaf?"
"No, stay Petie!" wailed Judy.
"Why is she going, Mom?"
"She’s not leaving. I think it might be good for you, Petya, that's all. I'm not throwing you out. You’re part of the family; even when you’re rich and famous you can go on living here." Petya smiled, folded the email very small so that it would fit into the pocket of her tiny jeans, and went back to scoffing chips.
"I gotta Christmas tree, Mummy!" said Judy, holding up a deep fried shape. See?"
"That’s nice," said Suzie. "Eat up now."
She was just stabbing a particularly luscious chip when Barbara phoned. "Oh darling, you can’t imagine. New man, new lease of life! Gym teacher. I’m totally thinking of leaving Hank."
"What?"
"The new fitness trainer. You know him. We're an item. This is it, Suze! He's the one."
"You can’t be serious. How long's this been going on?" Suzie made a face at Petya and took the phone through into the sitting room.
"Eight days."
"That’s not long enough. You can’t leave your husband for a man you've only been dating a week! What about Mikey?"
"Well, I was thinking of introducing them."
"Be careful, Barbara. Hank might be a prat sometimes, but he is a nice guy and he loves that kid."
"Yeah, I know. But."
"Well, frankly, why can’t you just be content to keep this guy on the side? If you swap him in for Hank, surely you’ll get bored with him too after a while? Wouldn’t it be better to keep the lovers as a shifting, constantly changing buffet, and Hank as the daily meat and potatoes?"
"Suzie! I never thought I’d hear you say anything so utterly amoral!"
"Oh dear. I’ll have to be careful, then," said Suzie. "I'd hate anyone to think I was amoral."
Barbara gasped. "Suze! What have you been up to? You’ve never found someone else? Not you! I’m coming over right away!"
"No! You can’t. I’m busy. Petya, kids, work, supper..." But her attention wasn’t on Barbara any more. Out of the corner of her eye, she had just spotted Petya creeping downstairs with a large plateful of ham hidden inside the red plastic laundry basket.
"Listen Barbara, I’ll ring you back later," she said. "I gotta go now. Bye." She hung up and followed Petya down the stairs, trying to remember which of them creaked, and slipped through the door at the bottom. A shaft of light beaming across the laundry room floor illuminated Petya’s back as she was whispering little endearments. If she’s got a dog in there, or God forbid, a litter of kittens, I’ll kill her, thought Suzie. Slowly, she crept up behind her and inched the door open. But it wasn’t livestock. Nothing furry, nothing with a tail. It was far, far, worse. It was the Russian fiddler. He wasn't on the roof, he was in the cellar. 
"What’s he doing here?" demanded Suzie.
Petya span round and tried to stand in front of the hollow-eyed man who was sitting on the floor eating mountains of ham. Swallowing hastily, he also scrambled to his feet and tried to stand in front of Petya. "No. Lady. Please!" he stuttered, alarm robbing his pale face of all colour. "Good lady!" he said vaguely, and Suzie didn’t know whether he meant her or Petya. She raised her eyebrows and put her hands on her hips. "What’s going on?" she asked sternly.
"He heff no heating money," Petya said hanging her head. "End his room iss cold. Also, is easier to feed him here."
"From my fridge?"
She met my gaze square on. "Yess," she said with a blush. "Yess."
"Christ, Petya!"
"I am sorry. You wish now to seck me?"
"Don’t be stupid," she sighed. "I don’t want to sack you. But you can’t keep a Russian fiddle player in my basement. It’s totally mad. What am I going to tell Lyndon?"
"You tell him nothing," said Petya.
"What, like just pretend I don’t know about this?"
"Well, it is not for long," she said. "I just heff to find him a job. I mean, sumsing legal so we can be on the livel."
Suzie put her head in her hands.
CHAPTER EIGHT



An hour later, when Suzie heard Lyndon coming home, her heart jumped and she laughed out loud. Blanche and Agent B had practically spent the day together, and here he was! But Lyndon was still exactly the same as normal. He dropped his keys into the dish on the hall table and slung his coat over the banisters, called "Honey, I'm home," and went upstairs to change.
In the kitchen, Suzie gazed at a Spanish omelette the size of a football pitch while Petya twitched between the fridge and the sink. The girl was on tenterhooks about the fiddler in the cellar, but Suzie had other things on her mind. She pushed her hair behind her ears, dragged it over her face again, grovelled in her bag for some lipstick, took it off again, opened a bottle of wine...
"Plees..." whispered Petya.
"Oh! No, don't worry Petya. Listen, why don't you take this omelette up to your room or something? I don't think I can face it. I'm just not very hungry.
"To my room?"
Suzie rolled her eyes and said slowly and meaningfully "Yes, Petya... to your room!"
Finally the penny dropped. "Oh!" gasped Petya pointing towards the floor. "You mean...?"
Suzie nodded, slid the whole omelette onto a large serving dish, added a couple of forks and shoved the whole lot in Petya's direction. "And I don't suppose I'd notice if a couple of beers went missing," she added. "No! Don't kiss me! Don't! Just get on with it." Petya retreated to the basement clicking her teeth softly, and Suzie watched her with rolling eyes. Realising that it was time she had a proper talk to Lyndon, she poured a couple of glasses of wine and then, just as he strolled into the kitchen, the phone rang. 
"Suze, it's me. I've just got to talk to you!"
"What's wrong?"
Lyndon mouthed "Barbara?" and Suzie nodded. 
"I mean it was horrible," moaned Barbara. "He's just acting so strange!"
"Uh huh?" said Suzie, her eyes glued to Lyndon's back, his broad shoulders, his long legs...
"Anyone would think he didn’t actually want to meet Mikey," moaned Barbara. "I mean, he just gave me this weird look and started talking about having already been married once and not wanting to get tied down, and I mean, Suzie, I just don’t see why he’s reacting so neurotically."
"And this is after eight days?" Having grabbed a bowl of olives from the fridge, Lyndon had wandered off towards the sitting room and turned the television on. 
"Nine dates, Suze!"
"Plenty long enough to start making life plans together, then."
"Oh Suzie, I just know he’s the one! I mean we have the most ravenous sex life, honestly, we’re just biting into each other all the time. We even did it in his car one night. And you know, apart from that, he keeps pulling back."
"What? In the car?"
"No, emotionally withdrawing. Because the intensity of our relationship freaks him out. He needs time to adjust to being happy."
"Oh, right. That would prove he’s the one. You’re as mad as Petya." Suzie lowered her voice to a hoarse whisper. "She’s got a Russian stashed in our basement."
"What’s he down there for? Why can’t he sleep upstairs?"
"Barbara! Lyndon would go mental if he found a Russian in the house!"
"You’ll have to get rid of him, then."
"And lose Petya?"
"Oh I don't know. But I think tonight’s the tonight," continued Barbara with the total self-absorption of the lust-crazed. "Because he was so distant last night. Like, you know, we met up at Harry’s Bar but he didn’t even seem particularly pleased to see me and then we had some drinks and he said he was too tired to go out to dinner..."
"And where did Hank think you’d gone?"
"Round to see you, of course."
"Oh my God," murmured Suzie, her blood running cold.
"What?" demanded Barbara, "Anyway, the point is, we went back to his flat and of course we went straight to bed, but the minute it was over he practically shoved me into a taxi..."
"He sounds like a total shit to me, if you want the truth."
"I know," said Barbara bursting into tears.
"Oh Jesus, don’t cry. Listen, come round tomorrow morning and we’ll sort it out, okay? We’ll make a plan."
Suzie put the phone down but a minute later Caroline rang. "I suppose you’re too busy to talk? No, I don’t suppose you’ll think it’s at all important," she snapped. "It’s only about Mother." Shaking her head at the ceiling, Suzie refilled her glass and sat down at the kitchen table. "What’s the matter, Caro?" She was clearly doomed, yet again, to spend all evening listening to other people's problems. She and Lyndon never had time to themselves, time to talk, time to be alone together. There was always someone wanting or nagging about something. "What is it?"   
"Nothing really," said Caroline, sounding slightly mollified. "I just wanted to give you the tiniest hint about mattresses, in case you hadn’t remembered about Mother's operation." 
Suzie knew exactly what Caroline was angling for. Their mother was so tough that mattresses didn’t even have to catch a glimpse of her cast-iron winceyette before they shrank away in fear. They flattened themselves at the mere mention of her name. Mother would be comfortable sleeping in yesterday’s bonfire with Daddy safely handcuffed at her side. Caroline was the hypochondriac with the endless digestive and sleeping problems. "I'm doing it. I've ordered you a brand new orthopaedic one. Top of the range," said Suzie.
"I don’t expect you to care about me. I mean, I’m only your sister. I’m not our mother but of course I’ve got all the same back problems. So I’m the only one who understands what she goes through. It’s all right for you and Julia, you’ve both got off Scot-free which is why neither of you have the slightest sympathy. You just can’t imagine the pain we suffer because neither of you have ever had back problems. Or in fact any problems at all. Your life is just so easy, Susannah."
Christmas with Caroline was obviously shaping up to be a riot of warmth and laughter. That phone call was swiftly followed by an indignant one from their mother, who wanted to find out what Caroline had been saying and to deny that she had anything wrong with her back at all. "I’m not a decrepit old woman yet, you know. Even if I might not be around next year!"
"Why?" asked Suzie recklessly refilling her glass. 
"Well, at my age, you know..." she said with a total disregard for either truth or continuity.
"Mother, you are in your late 60s and Dr Markham says you’ll probably live for another thirty years."
"Yes, comfort yourself with fairy tales," she said austerely. "I’ve been reading about this. Alcoholics have it, too."
"What are you talking about?"
"I’ve forgotten the word now. How’s Donny?"
"Lyndon. He’s fine. Working hard. Looking forward to seeing you at Christmas."
"I should cocoa. By the way, how is he on the sexual front now?"
"Mother!"
"Denial. That was it. Are you sure you haven’t got it?"
"Everything is fine, mother. How’s daddy?"
"Oh, he’s tied up for the moment, but he loves it."
Suzie choked, and ended up drinking the whole glass of wine.
"Now, now. You don’t want to end up like Caroline. Imaginary back problems and no sex."
The minute she'd got her mother off the phone, Suzie unplugged the wretched thing. She'd had enough for one day. And it was really time to talk to Lyn. Her head whirling, she dived into the fridge and rifled through Blanche's latest mad shopping: mushroom pâté, carpaccio, artichoke hearts, and bamboo mousse. She arranged it on the kitchen table, hauled the cork out of another bottle of wine and went through to the sitting room. She'd already drunk too much wine to be able to think straight and Lyndon was half asleep. 
"Are you hungry?" she asked. "Or did you have a big lunch?"
"Can't remember," he said, without batting an eyelid. "What did you do at lunchtime?"
Lyndon really, really, did not want to talk about their day together. As they ate in the kitchen, he flicked through a newspaper and Suzie glanced idly at a magazine just so that she wouldn't be sitting there staring at him. If he didn't want to upset the status quo who was she to force the issue? So after two cups of strong coffee, her rat-run life began again. She had to deliver the Mermaid costume to Bella Dance, and although on the way she wondered about trying to talk some sense into the woman, but that was impossible too. As she walked up the path to the house, Bella shot out of the front door smothered in fuchsia tulle.
"Oh Mrs Lysle, how marvellous! You really are a wonder, anyone would think you were a trained costume designer, just look at this marvellous costume, so talented, so beautifully crafted, I just adore the laces up the back, no fitting required, Irmak will look so marvellous in this, I must say I do admire you, with all your commitments, two children, that marvellous house, how you manage it I just don't know, I thought I saw you in town the other day but of course it wasn't you!"
"Don't mention it," muttered Suzie, backing down the path.
"I do hope you won't mind, I put your name forward at our meeting to decide the other costumes, I knew you would be so marvellous, I'll ring you..."
Suzie scrambled back into her car.
"Tomorrow morning, would 7.30 be too early? Just look at this marvellous tail, all these sequins..."
Suzie waved brightly, started the engine and drove away. "Why am I surrounded by maniacs?" she said out loud, turning onto the avenue de Terveuren. The next morning was worse. She’d no sooner plugged the phone back in so that she could download some background on industrial glue, when frightful Mrs Frinton rang. 
"Well we've had Tardy Teddies in the past, Mrs Dial, but never a complete No Show. We'll have to catch you up now! We can't have the whole class going over old ground just for your benefit and I do warn you that if you're late again, I'll have to make a note on the register."
"Oh no, not a note on the register! I mean, oh dear."
"You know, Mrs Style, statistics show that children whose parents support them in school live longer than those with disinterested parents."
"I’ll discuss it with my husband tonight, then. Goodbye, Mrs Frightful. So good of you to call. Goodbye."
She shoved the answerphone on, and not a moment too soon because seconds later she heard Bella Dance leaving an urgent message about a marvellous seaweed Joseph costume. Hunching her shoulders and pretending to be deaf, she stroked her phone to wake it up and quickly deleted everything from the Grey Lizard. She could always dig his emails out of the bin later if they turned out to be more than just sly digs at her appearance. With nervous fingers, she opened Blanche's hotmail account - just in case there would be a draft email lurking in the box.
"Good old bar one. Don't fail," she read, her pulse was hammering with excitement again. Real life fell away. She didn't give a damn about being a Tardy Teddy. Let her children suffer hideous premature death caused by insufficient trigonometry. As for Joseph in seaweed, mattress city in the cellar, Barbara, Julia, Dereck, Mellors, and all the rest of them, she couldn't give a toss about any of it. She had a date! It was obviously time for an instant cappuccino with extra chocolate powder and squirty cream. 
Back down in the kitchen, Suzie suddenly gazed out of the window. What on earth had been going on in the garden? The lawn was scarred with muddy trails, half the shrubs were broken, and it looked as if someone had actually tipped the ash out of the garden incinerator and raked it all over the lawn. Leaving the kettle to its own devices, she went out onto the veranda and clattered down the iron staircase onto the lawn for a closer inspection. Sliding on the clay soil and wet grass, she picked her way over the garden. The way it looked was exactly the way it was. A mess.
"Petya!" she yelled at the area stairs leading down to the half-submerged basement. "Petya! What's been going on out here?" 
The basement door opened and Petya sidled out. "Iss no-sing." Looking sheepish, she clanged slowly up the cast iron steps from the basement area to the garden. "I wass looking for chair. Maybe table. Summer furnitures in shed."
"Yeah, in the shed. Not in the incinerator, Petya, for heaven’s sake!"
"I didn’t see it. I keek him over."
"Hello? Why?"
"Iss midnight."
"You were out here at midnight kicking the incinerator over."
"Yess."
"And carrying all our garden furniture down to the basement for some love-crazed Commie to sit on while he fiddles?" Petya just stood there looking guilty and Suzie picked up a bit of soft green plant stalk and twirled it in her face. "And what's this?" she demanded. 
"Hiya!" called Barbara, waving from the kitchen veranda. "The side door was open so I let myself in. You don't mind do you?" 
Suzie went to meet her. 
"And what’s that?" demanded Barbara looking at the plant stalk.
"Well, what does it look like?"
"Suzie," said Barbara wearily. "It’s a pot plant. It’s cannabis."
"You noticed. Recognised it, I mean. Do you think I ought to report it to the police?"
"I wouldn’t. Haven’t you heard Adela’s saga about reporting her stolen car to the police? The sods wouldn’t admit they could speak either English or French and when she turned up with a friend who could speak Flemish, they told her it wasn’t their responsibility and she would have to go to a different police station and she couldn’t just drop it because the insurance wouldn’t accept that the car was stolen unless she could produce some hideous form from the police. She had to get Tom to report it in the end. Luckily the car had Commission plates on it, but if you’re going to report your burgled sheds, get Lyndon to do it from work and for God's sake don't mention the pot plants."
"He won’t like it."
"What?"
"A greenhouse full of cannabis and an illegal Russian in the cellar."
"It wass not me! It was Panti’s pot!" exclaimed Petya hurriedly. "And then the other one, he take it over." 
"What?" said Barbara.
Suzie shook her head quickly. "Never mind," she said. "Too long to explain now. And he’s gone now, anyway."
"Who?" said Barbara. "The illegal Russian? Or Petya's panties?"
"The gardener," said Suzie shooting a look at Petya. "And the panties. The Russian's still fiddling with them."
"Nobody will find him!" said Petya backing towards the basement steps. "I heff hidden him well."
"Ooooh!" said Barbara. "Is he cute, this fiddler of yours?"
"A wounded heart," sighed Petya. "He iss an artist."
"Interesting!" said Barbara, looking like a spaniel scenting a dead seagull, "Is he still here? Is he young? Is he on the roof?"
"Vladie’s soul iss old like the Greeks."
"Ooh! Where is he, then? Dig him out. Bring him up. Let’s have a look at him in the light of day."
"Not while I’m about," Suzie said firmly. "And you keep your hands off him, Barbara. I'm warning you. He's out of bounds; you touch him and I'll kill you." 
Petya and Barbara both just looked at her, and Suzie could see a new alliance forming before her very eyes. How convenient. "Oh, for God's sake!" she exclaimed. "Come into the kitchen the pair of you! Lyndon would go potty if he knew what was going on around here." Glancing at her watch, she saw that it was already mid-morning and she hadn't even had her shower yet. "Look, I’ve got to go out," she said, abandoning all thoughts of cappuccino. "I'm going to get dressed. If the carpet people come, let them in and show them all those dove-poo stains in the sitting room. Okay, Petya?" 
Noticing that she was still carrying a plant stalk about, she shoved it quickly through the bars of Hammy's cage. "But if the phone rings, don’t answer it. Especially not if it’s the Grey Lizard."
"Who?"
"Work," she said over her shoulder. "Either of you remember that word from the dim distant past? W.O.R.K? No, well, don’t worry." Not waiting for a response, she went upstairs to shower and get dressed.
"What do you think if a man withdraws from..." said Barbara.
"How vould you find a men a job?" said Petya.
An hour later when Suzie walked quietly down the stairs, she could hear them still talking in the kitchen, both of them firmly playing their own respective records. Holding her breath, she eased her shoulders into her trench coat and pulled a soft felt hat over her hair. 
"He is so..." they chorused. "Scared!" sang Barbara. "Telented!" sang Petya in harmony. Neither of them noticed Suzie creeping through the hall in her high heels and chestnut wig. Still hardly daring to breathe, Suzie eased the front door open. She'd take the train rather than brave the Russian in the cellar in order to get her car out of the garage. Stepping outside onto the cold shiny street, she slipped the key into the lock so she wouldn't have to bang the door shut and then finally she was free and her heart leapt. She was Blanche again.
At the corner of the road she turned her collar up and gave herself a secret mystery woman smile. Ze Agent B was impatient for another rendezvous. In the metro, Blanche gazed out of the window at the black tunnel walls wondering what could make Agent B call an emergency meeting. A man of such strength wouldn't allow mere lust to rule him. Or would he? Absent-mindedly, she fingered the silver letter-opener in her pocket. What was going on? Getting off at the Central Station, she pulled the brim of her hat over her eyes and walked down the street in the direction of the Grand Place, but instead of going straight on, turned abruptly into a narrow cobbled alleyway. The gloom of the December afternoon was more intense here, and before she’d gone more than a few paces, a large, red-faced man came hiccupping untidily towards her. She checked and glanced behind. Was zat another man in the shadows? Was zis a trap?
She glanced back at the fat man again, just as he was reaching into the pocket inside his jacket. Of course, everyone knows that all spies wear soft leather holsters under their left arms. Was he armed? What was he pulling out? Slowly reaching her right hand into the deep pocket of her own coat, she grasped the letter-opener and began to ease it out of her pocket. The man reeled towards her, simultaneously bringing his hand up. Her brain burning as furiously clear as a vodka shot, Blanche went into action: at the speed of light she whipped Emile into the daylight. Zis man was about to receive exactly what he deserved. A paperknife in the gullet. But just then a pair of strong arms seized her from behind and pulled her backwards. A crushing grip around her waist and a deep voice in her ear sent thrills up her spine. "Drop it!"
There was no point in resisting. Agent B's body pressed urgently into her back and the familiar smell of his aftershave weakened her anger. The dagger clattered to the ground just as the red-faced man slid down the wall and sat heavily on the paving stones. "I only wanted a light!" he croaked and opened his right hand to reveal a crumpled packet of cigarettes.
"Hasty," said Agent B putting his foot deliberately over the handle of the miniature dagger and turning Blanche to face him. He looked amused. "You should have checked his identity first," he said, and for a second he sounded as if he was choking back laughter. He glanced down at the fat man. "I’d say you nearly hospitalised a blameless civilian," he said. "Kudos to you, ma'am."
"Bof, well, tant pis that I didn’t kill him," said Blanche turning away with a show of nonchalant bravado. She stepped over her unfortunate victim's legs and continued up the alley. Behind her, she heard Agent B talking as he pocketed her knife, patted the man’s face and hauled him to his feet. "Sorry about that, friend, but that’s nothing compared to what she’s gonna do to me. I tell you, is she pissed. Every since she stopped smoking herself she's been like that with anyone asking her for a light. Lemme pay for a taxi? Here, take this..."
A few seconds later, Agent B followed her through an anonymous door and into a smoky bar featuring dark wood, small tables and Christmas decorations which were dusty enough to have been up there for ten years. Blanche had chosen a corner table where she had her back to the wall, her face in the shadow and a good view of the door.
As he sat down opposite her, she ordered two coffees and her trench coat fell open displaying her corseted and laced cleavage. Agent B sat back to appreciate the view. Enjoying herself hugely, Blanche gazed into his eyes, a slight smile on her scarlet lips. Then she crossed her arms under her bosom, put her elbows on the table in front of her and leaned forward slightly, her breasts swelling up and out of their chocolate paper wrappings and all but spilling over onto the table. It amused her, watching Agent B struggle with his scruples.
"So, what is ze problem?" she said.
"The problem, lady, is we appear to have a classified drugs cultivation situation on our hands. Also, someone appears to have ransacked the cultivation centre and removed a substantial amount of equipment. Furthermore, a person unknown appears to have hospitalised the farmer's boy. People are unhappy. I am unhappy. You're playing out of your depth, babe."
Blanche took a deep breath and sighed. Then she glanced at Agent B under her lashes but he didn’t notice. "He was spying on ze house, did you know that?" she murmured.
"Is that your business?"
She looked at him for a long level moment. "So you knew he wasn't just ze gardener, then?"
"He gardens," said Agent B evenly, and Blanche watched him drawing invisible patterns on the table, his fingers advancing slowly towards her, getting closer with every whorl. "He gardens," she drawled, mesmerised by Agent B's long fingers. "Or is he a watcher?"
"All men watch women like you."
"Oh? You think he was attracted to moi?"
"He’s not dead, Miss Dubois."
"You reassure me, Agent B. Or should that be sir? What if I told you there was ze Russian connection?" Blanche’s hand came to rest between them on the dark wooden table, like a bird exhausted from flying too far, and Agent B’s fingers closed round her flesh.
"I'm warning you, ma’am. Leave it alone."
Blanche gazed reflectively at her wrist, at the slim veins beginning to swell and bruise under the skin, at the whitening fingertips. "Is that an order?"
"If you like."
"And a petit taste of what will happen if I don’t obey?" 
A flicker of shock, a glance at her wrist, an intake of breath and he let her go. They both looked at her hand lying as immobile as a crumpled carnation, the red marks bright against the pale skin, and then Blanche laughed. The waitress cast Blanche’s mangled hand no more than a cursory glance as she put two little trays on the table between her and Lyndon. Her attention was all on Agent B, and he flashed the woman a sudden provocative smile which made her sidle and blush. Each curiously unappealing tray bore a cup and saucer containing strong bitter coffee, a handful of plastic-wrapped milk portions, paper-wrapped sugar, plastic, transparent-wrapped spoon and plastic-wrapped speculoos biscuits. Blanche longed for a simple noisette drunk at un zinc, a little café in Paris, the smell of brown tobacco and wet footprints. She pushed her tray aside, and the waitress reluctantly moved away.
"I have just one more thing to say to you, and listen up because I’ll only say this once."
"Don’t worry," she answered, "I yam watching your lips." 
Agent B's eyes gleamed. "Leave my wife out of this," he ordered. "She's not in the game, She's not a player, is that understood? There can be no connection between you. So you stay outa my house. As for my kids..."
It was like a sudden bucket of icy water. Suzie gasped and stared at him. How could he think she'd ever involve Ricky and Judy? Devastated, she shook her head at him and Lyndon stared back. "I wouldn't," she said. "Never." There was a lead weight in her chest. The spell was broken, and her wig was itching. 
But suddenly Lyndon pulled himself together. "Just make sure you don't," he ordered ferociously and suddenly he was Agent B again. 
After a spilt second, Suzie smiled and a faint expression of relief flickered across his beautiful face. "I just want..."
"Oh yes," whispered Blanche. "I understand you completely. I know exactly what you want."
He almost laughed out loud. "Well, ma’am that gets you no credit because we established my wants at our first meeting. What we don’t know is what you want."
Blanche laughed.
"Not telling, huh? Okay, what I want right now is a drink. Let’s get rid of this shit." He signalled at the blushing waitress to clear the coffee away and told her to bring two large whiskies instead. "I’m gonna miss you," he said looking down at the table.
"Why, where are you going?"
"Nowhere, but I’ve been assigned a new mission and it’s gonna keep me way too busy for long lunches. It’s gonna involve a load of overtime and a fair bit of travelling and I have to develop a whole new communications strategy, so, well, you must know what it’s like?"
"We both know zat. We are in ze same business. I am watched, I have ze duties, I have to perform as expected."
He paused and chewed his lip before continuing smoothly, "So I have to go to London and Amsterdam and probably Paris as well, and what with Christmas coming up, I’m gonna be pushed for time. I may not get back from Paris until Christmas Eve." 
She shrugged, struggling to repress the insane disappointment. It was over? He was leaving? They chinked glasses, knocked their drinks back and ordered refills.
"Have you ever been in a hotel room that rents by the hour," he said suddenly.
Blanche’s eyebrows shot up. Her heart was pounding like a road drill and she noticed a small vein in Agent B's temple throbbing steadily. 
"You know the kind of thing," he continued. "Brown paint, slippery bedcover, cold linoleum, lumpy pillows, Gideon..."
"Irma La Douce?"
"There’s nothing wrong with green stockings." 
Blanche licked her lips, and that afternoon Suzie never made it back to work. Or to the supermarket. Or anywhere else. And all her emails and texts went unread. And that night was the first time Lyndon had ever arrived home late and dishevelled, looking and smelling precisely as if he'd spent the afternoon drinking whisky in a seedy hotel room with a sex-crazed girlfriend. 
Humming contentedly to herself as he greeted the kids, Suzie pulled two steaks out of the fridge and opened a bottle of expensive Bordeaux. She wanted food, real food. She wanted red meat, barely cooked, she wanted dark red wine staining her lips. She was starving. She could eat a horse.
"Daddy!" said Judy, reaching her plump little arms up, "Limme up!" But once she was ensconced on his hip, she wrinkled her little snub nose up and pulled a face. "Eeeh, Daddy, you smell all yucky!"
"Sorry, Judykins," he murmured, carrying her into the kitchen. "Do I need to wash up?"
"What was it?" Suzie asked, hoping she sounded casual and sharpening all Ricky’s pencils so Lyndon wouldn’t see her smiling like a lunatic. "Christmas party at the office?" 
"No, I was up to my eyes in work," he drawled. "But I had a quick drink in the conference room with the secretaries; they were having a pre-Christmas bash, and you know what these women are like. They just wouldn't let me go. They were like crazed maniacs. I had to tear myself away."
"Tut, tut," said Suzie smothering a grin and carefully outlining Ricky's sketch map illustrating the formation of geological strata. "Sounds awful for you."
"I’ve been assigned to a new project. 4 Capital Access."
"Oh, yes?" Busy drawing in contour lines, Suzie closed her eyes and felt his hands on her skin again. She ached in every limb. She was floating in her own world, exhilarated, exhausted and full of joy. Must persuade Petya to stop Vladie fiddling in the small hours, she thought inconsequently.
"Installing communication systems along the classic intranet model in government-supported cultural and socio-leisure agencies. But initially it would be in four museums where there are already established synergies."
"Mmm, that’ll keep you busy," she said. She still had to get the kids to bed and she had her own jargon-poisoned documents to translate into intelligible English. Some nonsense about soft or firm sausages, accompanied by an obscene note from Deryck about wanting to give her an erect banger. Then there was another one about imported marabou trim on slut slippers causing asthma, and another about encouraging the separate waste collection of banana skins so that they could be used to generate electricity. Last but not least, the Grey Lizard had produced a nightmare research poll about a proposal to tax sports clothes designed for street wear outside the sporting environment.
She shook her head. Even the documents were getting madder and madder. But she didn't give a damn. Let them all be as insane as they liked. Remembering the afternoon she'd spent with Agent B, she gave her reflection in the side of the toaster a sexy wink. She closed her eyes and shivered, remembering the sensation of his mouth on hers.
"Honey, you look exhausted," said Lyn coming back into the kitchen. "I'd say what you need is an early night. Don't worry about the kids, I've just taken them both up to bed and tucked them in. Let's eat, and then why don't you let me do the same for you?"
CHAPTER NINE



Two days later, Lyndon went off to London leaving her with bruised lips and a Cheshire cat grin on her face. She couldn't wait for him to come home, but even the waiting was special, and secret, and full of happiness. Barbara on the other hand, was suffering hideously and rang up to blame her for it. "It’s all your fault, Suzie! You said you’d make a plan about Ian."
"I did? I don’t remember that."
"Suzie! He’s driving me crazy. And what happened the other day? There I was sitting in your kitchen and it turned out you weren't even in the house. You could have at least told me you were going out!" 
Suzie rolled her eyes and waved the phone at Petya who was busy rinsing soaked kidney beans in the sink. "You’d better come round," said Suzie. With Lyndon away, she could easily catch up by working on the documents in the evening. Putting the phone down, she went to see what Petya was making.
"Beans. Iss good. Iss filling, iss fattening. He iss too thin."
"Look, you can’t keep him cooped up in the cellar forever, you know. Apart from anything else, it can’t be healthy for him, living down there."
Petya didn’t reply, just scooped about a pound of chopped garlic sausage into the pressure cooker with the kidney beans and started peeling garlic. A whole head of it.
"Are you listening?" 
Petya threw the garlic in along with a roughly chopped bunch of parsley and a pint or so of virgin olive oil. 
"Barbara’s never going eat that, you know." 
Petya shrugged, poured a tub of sour cream into the pan, added a cup of water, twisted the lid on tight and turned the gas on.
"What else have we got? Are there any prawns left?" Suzie rummaged in the fridge. "Petya, where are the prawns? Petya!"
"Breakfast," she muttered.
"Bloody hell!" said Suzie. "What am I supposed to have for lunch then?"
"Beans?"
Suzie just looked at her.
"I heff nothing!" announced Petya. "I am only simple girl from zer plains of Moldoffa. Eating simple food." 
Suzie pulled a face at her back but didn’t have time to argue because just then the doorbell rang. "That’ll be Barbara," she said. "Be nice to her." Petya went on washing her hands. "I’ll fumigate the cellar!" Suzie threatened, and went to open the door. Petya was curiously straight-laced, and once it had dawned on her that Barbara's romantic problems were unconnected with her husband, she'd recoiled with her mouth in a thin line.
Suzie didn’t care. Barbara might have the moral fibre of a polecat on heat, but she'd practically saved Suzie’s life when she first arrived in Brussels not knowing anyone, constantly getting lost and wishing she were back in Paris. She deserved a better fate than a lifetime shackled to Hank the prat.
"Be nice!" Suzie ordered over her shoulder.
"Darling," said Barbara, kissing her and dumping her coat, scarf, bag and gloves on the hall floor, "Close the door. I really am desperate now. You have to tell me. What is the plan?"
"Er, lunch?" said Suzie glued to the spot. 
"What am I going to do?"
Suzie hadn’t a clue. What on earth could she do? On the other hand, if she were Blanche, she'd know exactly what to do. She shook her head slowly and her long eyelashes dropped over her dark lustrous eyes. Her full, soft lips pouted as she fingered the delicate dagger lurking in her raincoat pocket. Emile wouldn’t talk, he’d protect her to the death, the blade...
"Suzie, would you please listen to me?" said Barbara, shaking her arm. "You’re bloody impossible, you know that? Every time I tell you something, you’re off in your own bloody world. It’s no wonder Lyndon..."
"What?"
"Oops, sorry. Way out of line. What’s going on in that department anyway?" said Barbara. "I'm sorry, I've been so up my own arse, I forgot to ask. Did he ever ask you to lunch?"
"Oh no. Well, sort of. Tell you about it later," said Suzie and led the way through to the kitchen, which was completely full of steam. The weight on top of the pressure cooker was jiggling and screaming and Petya was dancing manically up and down flapping a tea towel.
"Reverse! Retreat!" said Suzie. "Major combat operations under way! It’s a bean zone!"
"Oh, for God’s sake!" exclaimed Barbara and pushed past her into the kitchen. Taking the wooden spoon away from Petya, she rapped the pressure cooker smartly on its head, turned the gas down, and flicked the extractor fan on. The noise stopped, the air cleared, the pressure cooker purred tamely on the hob.
Petya stared her with amazement. "How you do det?"
"What’s inside? What are you cooking?"
"Beanss, red beanss."
"Right, set the timer for nineteen minutes. I assume you soaked them overnight? Where’s the gin? Get the salad out."
 At which moment the doorbell rang again. Suzie left Barbara supervising Petya’s culinary efforts and went off to tell whoever it was on the doorstep that she didn’t want to join, refused to contribute, couldn’t sign, didn’t care and wouldn’t listen. But it wasn’t a charity collector, it was Julia. "Oh my God, Jules! What a surprise! What are you doing here?"
"Didn’t you get my message?"
"Come in, come in, no, I didn’t. What message?"
"Christmas shopping, Suze. Well, not really. Why would I want to buy clothes in Brussels when I live in Paris and I have a pied-à-terre in Rome for shoes? It’s Mother. Shall we go into the kitchen or do you always make people stand around in the hall?"
"No, yes, fine. I mean, Petya’s here and Barbara. Discussing man problems. You haven’t got anything wrong with yours, have you?"
"No, darling. Leo’s sweet. Taking me skiing, bless him. To Gstaad. But Mother is playing up."
"You amaze me."
"Why does she have to visit just when I’m packing to go away? She’s impossible. But she says she has to discuss you. Says you’re having problems with Lindsay..."
"Lyndon."
"Yes, says you aren’t getting enough yum-yum. Wanted me to bring you a beginner’s flagellation kit including small whip and rubber face masks."
With a sudden desperate craving for a large gin, Suzie introduced Julia to the others and got the drinks out. Barbara and Petya fell upon Julia's neck as if they were competing for gold in the Worst-Man-Problem Olympics. Julia drank a small neat gin with crushed ice, powdered her perfect face and listened to them. She wasn’t a successful trophy wife for nothing. She was as fearsomely efficient at sorting out other people’s lives as she was at dealing with her own, and it took her no time at all to announce the answers.
"You're wasting your time trying to train a man you aren't married to, Barbara. First, you'll get nowhere and second, if you aren't careful your husband will divorce you and bugger off back to the States with the kids. What you have to do is sort Hank out. He's the one you're married to, right? Exactly. Get him in line. All this business with spacesuits. I don't know what you're thinking of!"
Barbara shrugged hopelessly and poured herself another gin and tonic.
"I’ll tell you what," said Julia briskly. "Why don’t you go and get the wretched thing right now? Take a taxi. Just bring it back here and I’ll take it back to Paris with me."
"And what are you going to do with it in Paris?" asked Suzie.
"God knows. Donate it to a museum if I can. Otherwise, chuck it off the Pont Neuf."
"Couldn’t you hang onto it for a while?" asked Barbara. "Just in case Hank wants it back?"
"Are you mad?" said Julia with a tiny shriek. "What if Leo finds it?"
"Would he be angry?" asked Suzie.
"The boot’s entirely on the other foot, ma chère. Listen, Leo may be 62 and an Oscar-winning film producer, but he’s just as much a child as the next man. I am not going to risk him turning up meet Franco Mazzielli - reception next week at the Italian Embassy, darling - in a spacesuit."
"It has a bolt-on helmet," said Barbara, beginning to laugh uncontrollably. "And you have to..."
"What?"
"Weighted boots! You have..."
"Barbara, pull yourself together!"
"To pour drinks..."
"What?"
Barbara took a deep breath and spat her words out like machine gun fire. "At Penelope’s cocktail party, he couldn’t unbolt the helmet and we had to pour Manhattans down a tube attached to his shoulder."
They fell about. Suzie nearly died laughing because although Hank was and always would be a prat, Leo was normally one of those suave charmer types, and the idea of him falling in love with a spacesuit just cracked her up. But clearly Julia was taking no chances.
"He will never set eyes on that spacesuit," she said firmly. "I will have it incinerated if necessary!"
It took Petya a moment to cotton onto the joke, but once she’d understood, she laughed even louder than the others, until she finally collapsed into noisy sobs.
"Pass the gin," said Julia. "Here, drink up, girl. All of it. In one go. Now, pull yourself together!" she said wiping her eyes. "Your problem's much more straight-forward. Just get Suzie to employ Stanislav as a gardener. Clean the bloody place up. It looks a mess out there."
"Vledie iss not gardener..."
"Nonsense. I'm sure he can operate a rake!"
Petya looked blank.
"Beans!" said Barbara, flicking a glance at the pressure cooker.
"Mer-ci!" said Petya, dashing for the stove.
"You might as well make use of him, Suze. There’s no point in keeping him down there eating his head off and twiddling his thumbs. Apart from anything else he’ll make the basement smell."
Suzie mumbled something and started laying the table. It was all very well for Julia. She didn't work, she had a full-time nanny, all her houses were fully staffed, and apart from keeping her numerous regular beauty appointments, she had nothing to do except shop and sip neat gin. But Suzie’s plate was already piled high. Women in Suzie's world brought up kids, held down jobs and kept lovers on the side if they were lucky. There just wasn’t room for a Russian violinist. 
The kidney beans having disappeared downstairs with Petya, she made cheese omelettes and while they ate, Julia went on putting Barbara's marriage to rights. "You know, if he wears ghastly clothes, you just have to replace them with better ones. Look, if he loves a terrible old pair of terylene trousers..."
"It’s not that bad," said Barbara, blenching.
"Whatever. You just bin them and replace them with something very similar but in jumbo cord or a soft wool mix, for example. And then a month or so later, you replace that with something nicer again. Same procedure for all other items. But burn all the worst stuff straight away. Nice omelette, Suze. Well done. As for the hair, make him an appointment with a decent hairdresser and promise him heaven on earth if he’ll co-operate. Obviously you have to supervise the proceedings yourself in order to get what you want, but if you make it clear that you'll be modelling a black lace corset later on that night you shouldn’t have too much trouble. I’ll just have a tiny little gin, if you don’t mind. Not that tiny, darling. As for the weight, tell him he’s on weight-loss rations, oral sex for every kilo lost. That should do the trick."
"Is that what you do with Leo?"
"No, darling, that’s what he does to me. Haven’t you noticed how much weight I’ve lost? Black coffee, Suze. No sugar."
At which moment Petya re-appeared with the empty pressure cooker. Reduced to total silence, Suzie stacked the dishwasher and got the coffee out. "So!" she said finally. "What are we all doing this afternoon?"
"Well if you don’t mind, I think I’ll take you up on the spacesuit offer," said Barbara to Julia. "If I go now, I’ll be able to smuggle it out of the house without anyone seeing me."
"That’s right, and then you’d better nip off and buy a corset. Is there a Janet Reger in Brussels?"
"I hope you’re right about this," said Barbara.
"Never been wrong, ma chère. Don’t forget the stockings."
"And you, Petya?" asked Suzie. "What are you up this afternoon?" 
"I heff to think," she said gloomily. "End I must cook a chicken."
"Make it two," said Julia. "There's no point in half measures with musicians."
"Well, I’ve got to do some work," said Suzie reaching for her car keys. 
"A quick word with you if I may," said Julia firmly. "Just a tiny cup more coffee, Petya."
"Well, I’ll leave you to it," said Barbara pulling a monster face.
"I will in the basement be, learning Russian." 
"Don’t go Russian into anything now," said Barbara. "Bye..."
"I go now," said Petya, retreating with a family pack of Bourbon creams under her arm.
"Now Suzie!" said Julia. "Sit down, for heaven’s sake! Don’t you have someone to do all that for you? Tell me about Donny."
"Mother’s barking up the wrong tree, Jules," said Suzie with an engaging smile. "This is all Caroline’s doing. She came over for the August Bank Holiday weekend and decided that we must have marital problems because she didn’t see much of Lyndon."
"Well, of course she didn’t!" exclaimed Julia. "He hates her guts!"
"I wouldn’t go that far."
"And that’s what started this whole ridiculous fandango?"
"Yep."
"Oh Christ, I really am going shopping. There must be something worth buying in Brussels. I’ll come back later for the spacesuit."
Having seen her safely off the premises, Suzie heaved a sigh of relief and went upstairs to tackle the marabou trim. She downloaded the document and opened it but didn’t get much done because only half an hour later Barbara came back with not only Hank's spacesuit but also two huge laundry bags containing all his clothes. And then Julia arrived to supervise delivery of a large coffee table in the form of an antique ebony elephant decorated with real Inca gold.
Suzie called a cab and watched Vladie in the garden, scooping up a handful of leaves and chasing after Petya. His outsize clothes flapped in the wind revealing the painfully thin outline of his body. His pale face was flushed, his black eyes shining as he laughed, and Petya ran circles round him looking like a young colt with big knees and a tangled mane.
"I’m going to have to help them," she told Barbara the next day. "They’re just kids. Eventually he’ll get deported unless I do something." They were in a cafe in the rue de Tongres, waiting for Hank to turn up so that Barbara could take him shopping.
"Can’t you employ him to do the garden? Like Julia said?"
"Who?" said Hank, looming up behind them and wedging himself in behind the table. 
"It’s not a full-time job, Barbara. It wouldn’t pay him enough to live on," said Suzie. "Hi, Hank. How are you?"
"Hi there, beautiful. Who’re you talkin' about?"
"Petya."
"Well, I told you. Dexter is keen. I don’t see she has a problem. All she has to do is go see him. I don’t know what she’s waiting for. You got my email didn’t you? You did tell her?"
"I’ll chase her up."
"You ready, sweetie?" asked Barbara. 
"As ready as I’ll ever be," he said cheerfully, and added in a loud aside, "She kin dye my hair green if she wants to! I figure it doesn’t matter if I look like a jerk. As long as it makes her happy, I don’t care."
"What a nice man you are!" said Suzie and squeezed his knee under the table. He grinned, went bright red, extricated himself and lumbered off to pay the bill.
"He is a sweetie," she told Barbara.
"I know," she said and blushed. "And this whole thing with the clothes," she said in a hoarse whisper. "It was marvellous. He turned the whole thing some kind of a sex bargain. Last night was incredible. We nearly woke Mikey up!"
"So it’s all over with Mr Gymnasium?" mouthed Suzie.
"Oh, Ian? Yeah! I’m telling him Thursday night, although to be honest I’d sooner stay in with Hank."
"Can’t you phone? Or just text him?"
"Tacky. Phone-dumping. Almost as bad as dumping by hashtag. No style." 
"I'll go if you like. Tell him you’re nursing a very slight case of syphilis." 
"Would you really?"
"Lyndon's away and it would be really stupid for you to get caught out now. I'll just go, meet the guy, give him the message and come home. Nooo problem, as Julia would say. But I'm not sure I'll recognise him outside a gym."
"Easy, his ringtone is the first few bars of Sexual Healing. Look, here's his number. You just walk in, dial his GSM, listen and learn." 
Suzie shook her head. How could Barbara ever have fancied anyone with such a naff ringtone? Barbara caught Suzie's eye, blushed and whispered, "It’s just, y’know, sometimes it’s better to have anything, however awful, than nothing."
Suzie nodded.  
"Well I guess we’d better move it outa here," said Hank, stuffing his wallet back into his back pocket. "Otherwise we’ll be up against a time factor."
"Well, you wouldn’t want that," said Suzie keeping her face straight and pushing her arms into her coat. "See you guys later. Have fun."
Outside on the street, it was already getting dark even through it was still early afternoon. The shop windows were all decorated jewel-bright for Christmas and happy well-heeled people were thronging up and down buying presents wrapped in red and gold. No-one was paying Suzie the slightest attention. No-one was waiting for her. No-one was watching. She actually had some time to herself. She wondered what Agent B was doing in London, who he was with, if he was thinking of her. In her mind’s eye, she was Blanche, following him, trailing him, dogging him; on a double-decker bus, in the back of a taxicab, ducking for cover as the bombs rained down.
In her imagination, she saw him running lightly down the steps of the National Gallery and on down into Trafalgar Square, saw herself leaning nonchalantly against the base of a lion, watching him as he crossed the square and made his way to Charing Cross.
She blinked, and this time she was standing on Westminster Bridge leaning over the parapet as he walked along the embankment towards Waterloo, and then she imagined herself in Bloomsbury, lurking in a strategic doorway as he walked briskly into the British Museum.
Blanche let out a long sigh and just at that moment a red bus moved away in the traffic revealing Agent B, standing on the other side of Piccadilly staring straight at her. He smiled and walked towards her...
Feeling herself blushing red, Suzie blinked and conjured up another picture; mist or perhaps smog, a nightingale sang in Berkeley Square, shapes looming as Blanche walked beside the iron railings, following the eerie sound of Agent B's footsteps, until suddenly they stopped and she ran forwards, frightened that something might have happened to him... and fell straight into his arms. 
"Oh my God," he groaned. "It is you!" he exclaimed, kissing her fiercely. "I thought I saw you! Thank God!"
Pleased with this invention, Suzie smiled. He’ll be back soon, she told herself. It was all just imagination, but she felt like she'd solved a whole bunch of problems. The au pair, the gardener, her relationship with her enigmatic husband... but Barbara's problems were only just beginning. 
Two days later, she turned up in the park looking like a myxomatosis rabbit. "I'm so dead, Suzie. Ian says he’ll tell Hank unless I give him a cheque." 
Suzie gawped at her. How on earth did Barbara get herself into such a terrible situation?
"A big one. He’s not talking a couple of hundred. He wants thousands, Suze. Five thousand euros. By next Friday."
"Five thousand euros not to tell Hank you slept with him? Jesus! What a bastard!"
"He's got a pair of my knickers. Says he'll use them as proof."
"But he could have bought them anywhere..."
"Pure silk, Suzie, embroidered with my initials. Hank brought them back from Hong Kong in August." 
They were in the children’s playground outside the park gates in Tervueren, vaguely watching Mikey and Ricky on the climbing frame. Judy was at Klaudia’s party, and it hadn’t seemed worth dragging all the way back into town just for an hour or so.
"What am I going to do?"
"I don’t know," said Suzie, thinking that Blanche would know how to cut him down to size. Suzie could picture her alter ego sitting at the bar, drawing on a black Sobranie cigarette as she watched the ice melt in a dry martini...
"You just don’t give a damn, do you?" shouted Barbara, leaping to her feet. "Some friend you are! Here I am in the fucking shite and you just sit there smiling. You make me sick!"
"I’m so sorry," gabbled Suzie, grabbing Barbara’s arm. "I didn’t mean to, I was just... look sit down, I wasn’t smiling."
"Go to hell!"
"Please! Let me explain! I do care, I do. But things have been going mad recently," said Suzie glancing nervously round the park. The place was full of ex-pat mums in expensive coats and patent leather pumps, absolutely all of them on the qui vive for juicy gossip. 
Barbara stared at her for a long moment, her mouth hard and her eyes full of tears. "What things?"
"Lyndon sent me an anonymous mobile and then I met up with him."
"Ha bloody ha. In a fright wig, I suppose?" But Barbara sat down beside Suzie on the wooden bench.
"Dark chestnut human hair cut into a shoulder-length bob, actually. And coloured contact lenses."
"You’re off your bloody head. You know that, don’t you?" Barbara raked in her bag for a Kleenex, found one and blew her nose hard. "Mikey, get off the bloody flowerbed!" she yelled. "What did Lyndon say?"
"Nothing."
"You’re not telling me he didn’t recognise you?"
"I'm sure he did. But don't you see? He’s not Lyndon. He’s Agent B." 
It took some time to get the whole situation clear for Barbara, and even then Suzie wasn’t sure whether she’d managed to explain things properly. 
"So that’s what’s been preoccupying you?" 
Suzie nodded.
"Well, you’re completely bloody nuts, the pair of you. You need your heads read. I wish I hadn’t given up smoking; I could really use a fag right now."
"It’s fun. When I’m with him it’s like he’s not the same man."
"Oh God, Suze! What am I going to do about Ian?"
"Is he really serious about telling Hank?"
"I don’t know. Perhaps he isn’t, but I can’t bear it if Hank finds out. Not right now."
"Well, hang on... how about this? You ring the Poseidon centre and pretend to be an investigative journalist doing, I don't know... an exposé on how sports pros use their classes to seduce housewives. Say you believe this sort of thing goes on all the time, and that you have information about it happening at the Poseidon Centre, suggest that you could come with a TV crew and do a few interviews, ask the women as they go in, that sort of thing. Then say that Ian's name has been mentioned several times in connection with the investigation."
"And the point, Suze, is...?"
"Wake up, Barbara! They won't want any scandal. They're bound to blank you, but with a bit of luck they'll sack Mr Gym. It’s just a phone call. What can he do? He lays off you, and we both give up aerobics."
"Hooray. I’m bloody sick of bending and stretching." Barbara shoved the kleenex back into her bag. "It might work I suppose."
"What have you got to lose? I just wish I could sort my own life out that easily."
"You do too much. What you need is a cleaner."
Suzie shook her head.
"Not now," continued Barbara, "after Christmas. Get someone in five mornings a week. In the meantime, forget it. Just book a cleaning firm to come and muck the whole place out before your mother arrives. That way at least you won't have to go on trying to keep the place clean. Who cares if there’s dust? Lyndon's in London, Petya can’t see the nose on the end of her face, and children love dirt. Just look at the boys over there, rolling in the bloody stuff."
"I don’t know."
"I’m just telling you the answer, Suzie. Ignore the mess. As for Christmas, order everything, and I do mean everything, from Stonemanor - the cake, the turkey, the mince pies, the cranberry sauce - just order the whole damn lot and get it delivered. Get a designer to come in and do the tree, the wreath for the front door and a centrepiece for the table, and as for the rest, get that great fat Russian to make himself useful."
"He’s not fat. He’s like a rake. It must come from playing the violin all night. Howling like a banshee down there."
"Just shut him up, Suzie, confiscate the bloody violin if you have to."
"Isn’t that a bit drastic?"
"As for Christmas cards, get Ricky to write them."
"And I haven't even started the shopping."
"Buy as much as you can in one afternoon and then stop. Dead. Just like that. Yes, random present purchasing is the new most-is-least. They’ll get their grandparents to buy them the rest in any case." 
"What about work? Oh God, should we get the boys off that slide?"
"No. With a bit of luck they’ll break their necks. Mikey! Get bloody down! Why do you stay in that bloody job, anyway?"
"Duh. Because I'm too bloody tired to find a better one, and part-time jobs with flexi hours aren't actually growing on trees. Especially if the only qualification you've got is in costume design."
"I don’t know why you bother working at all, frankly. You don’t need the money."
"I don’t want to be a stay-at-home housewife with nothing to talk about except head lice and homework."
"I’m a housewife."
"Sorry. Cut my tongue out. I just mean I like working. Normally."
"Well get a job you like. Hank says you’re too easy."
"Hank? You’re quoting Hank the prat at me?"
Barbara blushed. "He might have a point. I mean, why do you think it’s always you who gets lumbered with the 7am brain gym?"
"Well I haven’t actually been..."
"Yes, but the rest of us told her to sod off. Did you? No. You’re hassled and guilty and meaning to go."
"That’s what Hank said?"
"No. Sort of. Yes. But you might try it. Starting now. Why bother with supper? Judy will be sugared out of her head by the time you pick her up. Why don’t you take the line of least resistance and put her to bed with more cake? She won’t die and you can fill her up with fruit tomorrow."
"And how does that help with work?"
"I don’t know, Suze. But if they’re snapping at your heels, can't you turn round and snarl back? Pretend you’re wassername if it helps."
"Blanche."
"Sounds like a laundry maid... Blanchisserie a go-go!"
"Shut up. I can call her what I like."
"And get that au pair of yours to go see Hank at the uni. Shove her in a taxi and tell her she can’t come home before she’s seen Dexter. I’ve got to go. Just one more thing... Julia’s number. I was thinking we might write a book together. I was thinking of calling it "The Husband Whisperer."
"You’re off your trolley. I’ll email it to you."
"Gotta go Suze. Love you... Mikey, get your arse off that bloody swing! Come on! We’re going!"
Suzie stood up and Ricky came running over as Barbara picked her way over the mud in her kitten heels.
"You know what, Ricky," said Suzie looking down at his flushed little face. "There’s a lot to be said for Barbara."
"She swears a lot for a Mom," he said.
"Yes, well there’re worse things she could do," said Suzie. "Come on, let’s go and pick your sister up. I should think they’ve finished smearing those poor ponies with birthday cake, don’t you?"
"Gateau Royal with sugar frosting and raspberry coulis, actually."
Suzie laughed and ruffled his hair. "Come on, let’s collect Judy and then we'll get you some chips for supper, shall we?"
His eyes lit up. "Cool. Can I have kip on a spit as well?"
"Chicken kebabs? Sure, why not?" Barbara wasn't stupid, thought Suzie. Why not take some shortcuts? Why not throw her weight around a bit? She wasn't a child, after all. And she would start with the Grey Lizard. He'd been asking for it ever since Deryck went off sick.
CHAPTER TEN



So on Monday morning at the office, she printed off a batch of emails, went up to the sixth floor, and knocked loudly on Fabien Cuepouri’s door. There was no reply but she sensed that he was in there, listening intently like a rat, so she turned the handle and walked straight on in. He looked up in surprise. "Madame Lysle?"
"I’ve had enough!"
"I beg your pardon? Can you..."
"No, I’m not going to come back later, and no I can’t put it in writing. You’re going to hear what I have to say right now. It’s very simple. Your blue-eyed boy is a bully. He bullies me and he bullies everyone else in this office and I have had enough of it."
"One minute!" He held up one presidential hand and Suzie stopped mid flow. "Perhaps we’d better get him up here. Then he can hear this, too."
"Fine." She watched as he picked up the phone and asked the Grey Lizard to come up to his office, all the time looking sideways at her as if he was considering leaping at her throat, his yellowing fangs bared and ready for action. Suzie paced the floor, determined not to sit down and not to stop being angry. Within minutes the Grey Lizard scratched at the door and drifted into the room. Seeing Suzie, he gave a dry little smile and settled like a pine needle halfway across the carpet. 
Suzie burst into speech again. "My contract states that I work 15 hours a week. My hours are flexible, to be worked out with my immediate superior, who is Deryck, and not this sniping bully. Furthermore, my contract states that I do not work Wednesdays and I work from home during school holidays. That is why I'm paid by the hour and don't get sick leave or paid holidays. I have however regularly been working in excess of 30 hours a week. But not content with that, this bully has been harassing me at work, phoning me at home, making personal attacks and undermining the work I do. So unless you tell him to stop complaining about me working flexi-time as per my contract, and unless he stops making personal comments about my appearance, then I shall go straight to my husband’s lawyer. I will then sue you for gender discrimination, sexual harassment, bullying, and constructive dismissal. I’ve a good mind to do it anyway. You make me sick, the pair of you."
She paused and looked at them both. Cuepouri was gazing her at as if paralysed. The Grey Lizard was inspecting his fingernails. 
"I’m going home now and I will be taking the rest of the week off to recoup some of the overtime I have worked. I will see you next Monday, by which time I very much hope Deryck will be back and you will have disciplined this moron. Oh and by the way, you will be interested to read these emails. Each and every one is from someone in this building, either complaining that they too are being bullied, or commiserating with me for being bullied. The top one, from Deryck, does both. Happy reading."
The Grey Lizard held up one scaly finger. "I..."
"Quiet!" said Suzie and, without giving either of them time to speak, she walked out of the room and slammed the door behind her. Shaking all over, she took the lift down to the ground floor and drove home telling herself that if they sacked her, she wouldn’t care. Barbara was right. She wasn’t doing it for the money, so she didn’t have to take their crap. 
She drove through the wet streets wondering how long Belgium would be their home; Belgium, the land of chocolate and twitching lace curtains, of air fresheners, shiny wet roads, mother-in-law-tongues, jewel-bright street-lamps glowing in the cold dank mist. Most people only did three years before moving on, but maybe they would put down roots. Maybe this would be their permanent home? Maybe they'd never go back to Paris?
She arrived in their street to find Vladie helping two diminutive deliverymen shift the new mattresses through the front door. "You oughta have hired a lift," panted one of them. "All them stairs ought to be extra," said the other.
"I’m sure you’re right," said Suzie. "Let’s just see how quickly you can get this lot upstairs, shall we? And then we’ll talk tips."
Petya raised her eyebrows: Suzie wasn’t usually that crisp. Suzie shrugged and went into the kitchen thinking bloody Caroline, why couldn’t she sleep on a normal bed? She wondered if perhaps Blanche could sort her out too. Not tie her up naked, but humanise her. Seduce her perhaps. But the thought died as it was born. No-one would ever seduce her sister. No-one would even be insane enough to attempt it. The best anyone could hope for was that Caroline might be redeemed by the love of a good mug of Horlicks.
She paid the removal men off, got some chicken out of the freezer, and sat down in her study with a large block of notepaper and the newest Yellow Pages. They were into the first week of December already and Christmas was looming. She spent the afternoon phoning, making appointments and giving out her credit card number until finally her Xmas To Do list was covered in little red ticks. Once she'd got the kids home and the homework underway, she handed them over to Petya. "I have to go out for just a little while. Meet someone from work for a quick drink. Boring thing. But it won't take long. We can have supper together when I get back if you like. Unless you're too hungry to wait?"
"No, I..."
But Suzie was already halfway up the stairs. In her new efficient mood she didn't have time to waste on petty details. In her bedroom she slipped on a blood red pencil skirt and a cream silk shirt, slid her feet into mulberry leather heels and pulled open her make-up drawer. It didn't take long these days, but with the kids downstairs she decided to leave her lenses until she was in the car. As for her hair, she wrapped a large Chanel scarf round her face and neck filmstar fashion. Going downstairs, she didn't bother to go into the kitchen, just called through the half-open door. "Bye darlings, bye Petya, see you later!"
"Lookink very sexy," remarked Petya poking her head round the door.
Deliberately not listening, Suzie ducked quickly out of the hall, and went singing loudly down to the basement to get into her car. She really would have to do something about the terrible fiddler in the basement. She absolutely couldn't have him lurking about down there when mother came for Christmas. In the car, she put her lenses in, added dark plum lipstick, and grovelled for the remote. Tomorrow. She would sort it out tomorrow. This evening, Barbara's problem was top of the list. 
Less than half an hour later Blanche stalked across the Grand Place and sashayed into a crowded bar. She pushed her way through the crowd and bought herself a large whisky on the rocks because that's what Agent B always drank. Then she started weaving to and fro between the after-work drinkers, her ears pricked for a burst of Marvin Gaye. But she didn't even have to bother dialling. He was at her side within minutes.
"Hi," he said, smiling with open admiration. "Don’t I know you?" 
"Maybe we ‘ave met before," she said, letting her trench coat fall open slightly. 
His eyes gleamed greedily. "The name's Ian," he said. "Can I buy you a drink? Refresh that one for you?"
Blanche smiled dazzlingly and allowed him to top up her drink. As he was putting his wallet away, she laid her long red fingernails on the back of his hand. "If you will excuse me," she murmured, taking the wallet away from him and flipping it open. Ah, there it was, his Belgian carte d’identité. Tilting it into the light, she took a careful look at it. Yes, he was definitely Barbara’s bastard. Agent B would be proud of her. 
"Satisfied, doll?"
"Parfaitement," murmured Blanche, returning the man’s property. Agent B was right. One shouldn’t be hasty. "Another drink, mon ami?" Several large whiskies later, moving deliberately slowly, she leaned in close and whispered, "You want to take me home?"
"Yeah, sure," said Ian, whose head was rapidly turning into a soaked sponge. "The night is young, eh?"
Blanche smiled slowly. "But you are not meeting zomeone?"
"Nah, I’m single and fancy free. And you’re a foxy lady!"
"Let’s walk," said Blanche in a low husky growl. She flicked a glance at the barman but he was busy polishing glasses. "I don’t live zo far away, just ze other side of ze Grand Place. We maybe take a nightcap, yes?"
"Let’s do it!" said Ian eagerly. But at that moment his GSM started playing Sexual Healing. A muscle in Blanche’s chin twitched dangerously. If for nothing else, for that ringtone alone he deserved everything he was about to receive. "No peace, eh?" said Ian, turning his phone off.
"I like you," said Blanche, heaving her bosom at Ian and fingering Emile in her coat pocket. "You seem zo, um, courageous. So liberated. Ready to try anything."
"That’s me!" he said his face glowing with pride. 
"You would do anything to excite me, is zat it? You would come with me?"
"All night, I reckon."
She poured her drink down her throat, belted her coat tightly into her waist and stood up. He climbed to his feet and stood close, staring into her dark eyes and breathing heavily. She pouted her lips, panted, half-closed her eyes and smiled at him slowly. "I’m glad we met, aren’t you?" she purred.
"Oh, yeah!"
She turned away out of the bar, knowing that he’d follow her anywhere now, and she was right. As she set off down a cobbled side street, he caught her up and kept pace beside her. 
"Oh, I love a man who will kiss me in public," said Blanche, "I’ve always longed for ze man who would dare anything." Just on the corner, where Manekin Piss piddled endlessly into a pool of cloudy water protected by a semicircle of cast iron railings, she stopped suddenly and he pushed up close, shoving his hands inside her clothes, pulling her shirt out of her skirt, fumbling with the zipper. Revolted, she pulled away.
"Just a minute!" she whispered. "Close your eyes. I've got something for you."
Obediently he closed his eyes, leaning back against the railings. With a swift glance up the street, Blanche took a pair of handcuffs and locked his right hand to the cast iron railings. 
"Christ, Babe!" he exclaimed but she put her index finger on his lips and within seconds, his left wrist was also clipped to the railings.
"Shh!" she said and ran her hands inside his coat. "I'm just looking for something." She patted him down carefully, and in the breast pocket of his jacket, the pocket where you expect to find a handkerchief, she found what she was looking for. Evading his eager wet mouth, she moved back out of his reach and shook the wisp of fabric out before his eyes. A beautiful pair of pure silk, rose pink knickers trimmed with pale lace and a fancy monogram.
"Not mine. I found them!" he said urgently. "I wouldn't be wandering round with..."
Blanche smiled and he stopped. "Oh darling, come here," he said, leaning towards her as far as he could. "You are so wild! Un-cuff me!"
Blanche jiggled the key in front of his face. "Zis key - guess what I’m going to do with it?" she asked with her eyes burning. 
Ian shook his head, absolutely mesmerised.
Blanche leaned over a grating in the gutter and deliberately dropped the key into it. There was a faint rattle as it hit the metal and then a small plop as it fell into the water and was carried away.
"Holy Fuck!" he exclaimed.
"Quiet," she ordered. In the distance she could hear carol singers trilling "Silent Night". She quickly undid his trousers and pulled them down around his knees, exposing a truly vulgar pair of Y-fronts emblazoned with the hopeful instructions: "Handle with care. This way up." 
"I’m freezing!" he said. "Christ! What a stiffy! You are one hell of a woman!"
On fire with indignation, Blanche reached into his coat pocket and found his mobile. Predictably it was fully loaded with every app available. She took a couple of pictures in which Ian and his Y-fronts were beautifully in focus.
"What do think?" she said, showing them to him. He shivered and nodded.
"Come on, darling," he begged, wriggling urgently. "That's enough now. Unlock me. Come on, I know you've got another key."
Blanche raised one eyebrow. "I have just texted zose photos to Barbara. So if you bother her again, if you contact her, ask her for money, threaten her in any way, she will post zem up all over ze web." She dropped his phone back into his pocket and stood in front of him with her hands on her hips.
"Now that," said Ian indignantly, "wasn’t friendly." Suddenly the penny dropped and his eyes rolled. "Oh shit," he said, and around the corner came a band of happy wassailers with knitted caps and gloves, and lanterns on sticks. "Love and joy come to you..."
Blanche turned on her heel and left him there. Crossing the Grand Place with the giant Christmas tree and the huge festive crèche containing half a dozen grubby sheep, she laughed out loud. For the second time that day, she'd dished up exactly what a nasty small-minded bully had been begging for and she felt like superwoman. Suzie wanted to scream and shout and smash things up, just for the pure joy of it. But that would cause a scandal. If the neighbours knew, if frigging Frinton or awful Adela or any of the rest of them knew she was wandering around Brussels dressed as a woman of mystery, doing her Superwoman act, she'd be in trouble and she'd never hear the end of it. So swallowing a massive grin, she dropped her chin into her collar, stuffed her hands into her pockets and walked on.  
But the next morning she was in trouble anyway. "What the hell did you think you were doing?" demanded Deryck, gibbering with fury on the phone. "Couldn’t you just keep the peace just for two bloody minutes while I’m off sick? Where are the documents I sent you? Have you done any bloody work at all? I’m going into the office now to sort this mess out and don’t bother showing your face. Cuepouri won’t have you back in the building and he doesn’t want you working at home either. He’s frozen your work email address and he's going through all your emails now. Says you’re trying to blackmail him."
Suzie pulled a face but she didn't really care. Nothing could touch her today, nothing could upset her because she was Superwoman, and because Agent B was on his way back from London. And they had a date. 
"I’ve been suspended from work," said Suzie when Barbara phoned two minutes later.
"Good," said Barbara. "About time too. Now you can get on with sorting your life out. Don’t forget to send that au pair of yours over to the uni. And thank you so much for the pics. You're a bloody angel, I don't know how you did it. Shite, there goes the doorbell. Listen, did you hear what I said?"
"No. What?"
"Doesn’t matter. I’ll ring you back in a minute. Do not turn your phone off!"
"Okay." Suzie stared at the phone. Why couldn’t Deryck have taken her side? What a total weed. He knew precisely what had been going on. She was buggered if she was going to apologise. She started emailing: "Deryck, the guy’s an evil worm and you know it. I’m sorry my timing was bad, but the right moment never would have arrived. I’ll ring you tomorrow."
"Yes?" she said, picking the phone up and clicking on send. "Julia. Hi! How are you? Did Leo like the elephant coffee table?"
"Oh, he hasn’t seen it yet. I sent it to Somerset. I thought it would look nice in the snug."
"I’m a bit busy..."
"No, you don’t! You managed to slide out from under when I was there but I’ve got the strongest feeling I've been palmed off!"
"Julia, you have the longest and twistiest nose I’ve ever seen. Mind your own business! Whatever I’m up to it’s nothing to do with you, so stop asking."
"Good for you!" replied Julia instantly. "Well done. Finally the real you, instead of that namby-pamby perfect mother act that's been making me sick for years!"
"And stop patronising me!"
"Am I allowed to ask why Lyndon wants to borrow the Paris flat?"
"No. Don’t you have to go get your elbows waxed or something?"
An email popped up on her screen from Deryck: "Do not email me at work."
"Bitchy!" Julia laughed. "I do have an appointment to get my eyebrows tweezed as it happens..."
Suzie shook her head as she put the phone down and checked her emails again. Nothing. She idly started googling "revolvers" and "bullets", and then logged onto hotmail again. Then she checked her mobile. Nothing. Nothing at all. Then the phone rang again. "I don’t know if they believed me, but I did it," said Barbara. "You getting those photos gave me the courage, so I did what you said. Told them I was a journalist and everything. You're such a dark horse. Listen I’ve got to go. I’m meeting Hank for lunch, would you believe?"
Suzie smiled, but of course within minutes the phone was ringing again.
"Bella Dance here..."
"Oh, I was meaning to phone you," said Suzie. "About this tap dancing underwater Nativity play?"
"Yes, Mrs Lysle? Isn’t it just a brilliant idea?"
"Why don’t you delay the production?" said Suzie. "I suggest making it a carnival production for February. We’d have more time to make costumes and rehearse and I think we’d avoid problems with traditionalists."
"Would there be a problem?"
"Inevitably. The world isn’t ready for a tap dancing Virgin Mermaid called Irmak. But I’ll leave it with you if I may. I’m rather busy this morning." She hung up feeling like a female Colossus. Hearing the front door bang, she went downstairs. It was time to sort the Eastern Bloc out. As she reached the hall, Vladimir was peeping round the basement door, apparently unaware that Suzie was still in the house, and Petya was just coming out of the kitchen. Seeing Suzie, she stopped dead in her tracks and after a split second, Vladie emerged fully into the hall and stood beside Petya, his face as pale as hers, but his mouth set in a determined line. Suzie looked at the pair of them and rolled her eyes. "Honestly," she said. "I’m not a dragon. I’m not going to turn you over to the Spanish Inquisition."
"I em sorry," said Vladie, hanging his head. "For causink trouble. I em bad boy."
"Silly boy, more like. Now listen, you go upstairs and have a shower. Not in my bathroom! Use the guest bathroom on the first floor. Go!"
He gazed at her, his black eyes cloudy with dread.
"Petya. Tell him to go and have a shower!"
Petya shrugged her thin shoulders and jerked her head. When he still didn’t move, she dragged him up the stairs by his shirtsleeve. She came down minutes later and found Suzie in the kitchen drinking instant cappuccino. 
"Here, drink this," said Suzie handing her a glass of milk. "Get some nourishment into yourself. I’ve called a taxi. It'll be here in half an hour. Now listen. I want you to go upstairs, get changed and come back down here dressed and ready to go. It doesn’t matter what you wear, but for God’s sake find something clean. Hank and his fellow lecturers are Americans. They’re big on clean. You know Hank now, don’t you? So you go to the uni, you ask for him at the desk and when you find him he will introduce you to this Dexter person and you will talk to them about film. No, I’m not trying to get rid of you. No, I don’t want Vladie to get sent back to Moscow..."
"Rostoff."
"Wherever. But you can’t go on like this. You are way too qualified to be wasting your life looking after my kids, and he needs a job so he can get his papers sorted out and none of that’s going to happen if the pair of you spend your whole lives hiding in the cellar. Vladie can go with you and hold your hand."
Petya rubbed the side of her face against her shoulder and sighed.
"Look, I promise it’ll be okay," said Suzie more gently. "I’m not going to lock either of you out. I’m not going to report either of you to the police. Now will you please get moving? I’m going out for lunch."
"You are... good woman," said Petya with a tearful smile.
"Pull yourself together, Petya." 
Suzie shoved her out of the kitchen, and followed her upstairs. She checked her messages yet again and then harried Petya into drying her hair properly and using hairspray and within half an hour she had the pair of them standing in the hall scrubbed and polished. Clean jeans, reasonably new grey t-shirts and black jackets; Vladie’s large and shapeless, Petya’s fitted at the waist. She smiled at them. "Now you both look very nice. Just remember to smile, and shake hands with the teacher. Off you go."
The minute she'd shoved them both into a cab, she ran upstairs and dressed with shaking fingers and a racing pulse: new velvet jacket, slim leather belt, gold bangle, raspberry-stained lips. Her eyes were huge, her legs unsteady, even her beautiful chestnut bob seemed alive with anticipation. She called another taxi so as to give herself time to calm down but she was still trembling when she reached the restaurant.
Agent B had already arrived, and his eyes crinkled into an appreciative smile as he watched Blanche threading her way through the crowded dining room, her trench coat over her arm, her ankles thin above her high heels, her dark hair swinging round her face. Their eyes had met the minute she walked through the door, but after a first huge, luminous, exhilarated grin of recognition, she kept her eyes lowered as she made her way towards him. Her coat brushed his elbow as she arrived at the table, her fingertips touched his shoulder but she didn't speak. She just draped over the back of her chair and sat down opposite him. "Salut," she said, reaching her hands across the table, her heart pounding like a sledgehammer.
"Hiya," he replied. He leaned forward, picked up her hands and kissed the insides of each wrist carefully. She caressed the side of his beautiful face with her fingers. 
"I could have sworn I saw you in London," said Agent B, brushing the back of her hand with his lips. 
But Blanche's gaze was fixed on the door, where a pair of Englishmen in bad suits had just arrived and were talking loudly as they scanned the crowded room for a table. "Merde!" she swore under her breath. She was sure the short one had recognised her.
"What’s going on?" asked Agent B. "You gotta problem?"
"Je ne sais pas," she said slowly, watching Ian scampering through the restaurant towards her.
"Frenchie!" he panted, nearing their table. "Frenchie! I’ve been looking everywhere for you, babe!" Ian’s yellow eyes were burning with enthusiasm.
"I do not know you," said Blanche enunciating each word separately and clearly.
"Frenchie, just gimme your number!" he begged.
"Is this man bothering you, ma’am?" said Agent B with a note of smooth menace in his voice.
"It is nothing," said Blanche shrugging. "He mistakes me for someone else."
"Oh, no, babe!"
His eyes glinting, Agent B got to his feet and positioned himself right in front of Ian where he stood by their table. "You heard the lady. You are mistaken," he said quietly and slowly.
"No! No! She handcuffed me, she pulled my jeans off, she took photos..."
"Very mistaken!" repeated Agent B.
Ian’s frantic voice slowed down and came to dead halt. He focussed on Agent B’s tie and then slowly, inch by inch, tilted his head back until he could see the handsome face looming above him. "I am?"
"You surely are, sir."
"Frenchie?" But Blanche wasn’t looking at Ian. Her eyes were fixed on Agent B’s strong, sandpapered face and what Ian saw made him back down. The big guy was obviously nuts about the woman. And she was equally gone on him.
"Well, you’re a bloody lucky bloke, that’s all I can say," said Ian. "I just hope you appreciate it." He walked away, his shoulders drooping with disappointment, and Blanche blushed. Was it that obvious? Even to a moron like him? A lurking smile in his eyes, Agent B sat down again and raised his eyebrows at Blanche.
"He is mad," she said with conviction. "Completely insane."
But Agent B was amused. In fact, he almost looked like he was trying hard not to explode with laughter. "Who is he, Blanche?"
"He iz no-one," she said, carefully off-hand. "I have met him only once before. At work. He iz nothing."
"You took his clothes off? And you handcuffed him?"
"He is not my lover."
"What I have I hold," he said in a matter-of-fact voice. "Don't get out of your depth, okay? Yeah, I know you think you can manage alone, and maybe you even can. But if you ever find your toes can't touch the sand, call me, okay?" 
Blanche gazed at him, admiring the breadth of his shoulders, the strength of his hands. He looked completely sincere, but was he as capable as he looked? Just how real was Agent B?
"You can afford to believe that I’m as well-trained as you are," he said, apparently reading her mind. Blanche looked away from him. One crazy afternoon in a tatty hotel room... 
"I saw you. In London," he said, suddenly. 
Blanche blinked. "But no! That's not possible. Because I wasn’t there."
"I know. But I did see you. However strange that sounds. More than once."
"You're obviously obsessed."
"Yes, ma’am," he said seriously. "I saw you everywhere." He was speaking so softly that she could hardly hear him. "You were close enough to assault. It started when I was buying Christmas crackers for my wife and the kids, and I kinda imagined you standing in the doorway of the shop, dark and serious behind the tinsel."
Blanche was hiding behind her hair. He took her hand gently. "After that I saw you all over. Coming out of the National Museum, in Trafalgar Square, going into the British Museum, everywhere. Once in the mist, you know, it was late afternoon and there was that rank, sour smell in the air and that thick fog was swirling, that smog that gave the place its name..."
"What?"
"I’m not that interested in modern London. I kinda like the historic angle. Early 20th century for preference. Between the wars is good, Bloomsbury and all those Bohemians living off their inherited wealth, revolution funded by convention, that gritty tang in the air, tapering trousers, tailored jackets, the new look, the scarlet and mustard and olive green of the fifties. I love all that stuff."
"And ze fog?" prompted Blanche.
"It was this sort of day dream thing. I heard you, heard your heels on the paving stones behind me. So I stopped and suddenly you were there."
She looked him in the eye then, and a faint tinge of colour stole up from the collar of his shirt. "You ran straight into my arms," he said at last. "I was there, and I heard you running and suddenly you were in my arms and I kissed you."
Blanche shivered. "There were railings on the left, painted black..."
"Yes," he said. "Yes..."
"I heard your footsteps stop and I thought there was something. I ran forward, and..."
"So it did happen," said Agent B slowly.
"No," said Blanche. "That’s not possible. We were not even in the same country!"
"That's true," said Agent B. "But impossible or not, we both entered the same reality."
The waiter arrived beside them with the menus. "Shall I order?" said Agent B, and Blanche nodded absent-mindedly. She was grappling with the implications of what he had said. Were they both heading for the nut house? Agent B ordered for both of them, speaking in rapid French and never taking his eyes off Blanche. Rare steaks with green peppercorn sauce, jacket potatoes, green salad, house red. 
"If I was wiz you in London, I could only 'ave been there as a figment of our shared imagination, right? Which means zat today, here and now, this lunch perhaps is also imaginary? What if I am actually only a figment of someone’s imagination? What if we are just ze characters in a book?"
Agent B laughed out loud and then leaned forward. "Blanche, I’ll tell you. You sure are not a figment of my imagination because you’re more real and more alive than any woman I’ve ever met in my entire life! Imagination plays tricks on the best of us," said Agent B. "What you need is food."
They didn’t talk much after that, just ate together and once or twice Agent B caught Blanche looking at him, and gave her an intimate smile. Under the table, his feet surrounded hers. "You wanna have lunch on Thursday? In Amsterdam? I have some work to do there, but I could be free in the afternoon. Perhaps after lunch we could do something?"
"Sightseeing?"
"Yeah, there are some things I wouldn’t mind seeing. What d’you think? Will you come with me?"
"Your bill, sir?" said the waiter. 
"Yes," said Blanche, and tossed her credit card onto the table. Agent B picked it up curiously and as he read the name on it - Mme B Dubois - his eyes widened and he grinned. "Clever," he said. "Very clever! Where did you get this?"
"Why shouldn't I have ze credit card?"
"So you must have ID?"
For answer, she dipped into her leather satchel and produced her Belgian ID card in the same name. She watched him studying it but couldn't tell what he was thinking.
"Fascinating," said Agent B, dropping the card back onto the table. "Be careful," he said, inching the card across the table towards her. At that moment, the waiter came back and he watched her keying her code number into the little machine in silence. "Just remember," said Agent B once the man had gone. "If you ever find yourself out of your depth, call me."
Blanche nodded.
CHAPTER ELEVEN



After a lunch like that, it was a great afternoon for everyone. All except one. And when Suzie found his corpse she was overwhelmed by guilt, which was almost instantaneously replaced by panic. Her breath catching in her throat, Suzie went into the kitchen, grabbed Petya's arm and making desperate "silence" signs, hauled her into the pantry and pointed at Hammy's cage. "Dead!" mouthed Suzie, slashing her finger across her throat. "Cannabis overdose!" She chucked a tablecloth over the cage, thrust it into Petya's arms, and said loudly and very cheerfully, "Can you take this dirty laundry down to the basement for me please, Petya? I'll come down and clean it up later!"
"That's Daddy's car!" shouted Ricky, as Petya and Suzie walked back into the kitchen attempting to look normal.
"Get down there quick, and keep that ruddy Russian out of sight!" ordered Suzie, hurrying back to the stove. She strained the potatoes and poured some milk into them. "Shift it! And keep him quiet!" 
"Okay. I go. I giff you peace. No precticing."
"And no disillusioning either!"
"What?"
"Never mind. Take that laundry downstairs! Is that the garage door?"
Petya snatched up a whole quiche and sidled out of the kitchen balancing it on top of the hamster cage. Shaking her head, Suzie got the chicken pieces out of the oven and dished them onto plates as she heard Lyndon rattling his keys.
"All okay here, hon?" he asked, putting his head into the kitchen. "Hello, princess, Hey, Ricky my boy."
"Daddy!" shouted the kids running towards him. "Did you bring me a present from London, daddy?" demanded Judy, flinging herself at his legs and scrambling up him like a kitten.
"Nice to see you missed me, baby!" he said hauling her up. "Tell you what, Ricky my boy, have a look in that blue bag and see what I managed to find you."
"Me! Me! Daddy!" 
"Okay, Judikins," he said sinking into a wooden chair at the kitchen table and letting her slide back down his legs onto the floor. "Go on. That green carrier bag by the door is for you."
"Hi," said Suzie smiling at him a little shyly. 
"Hi, beautiful," he said returning her smile.
"Dad! How on earth did you know?" gasped Ricky clutching a brand new penknife. "Thank you!"
"Yeeaaaah!" screamed Judy. "A talking dolly!"
"Drink?" said Suzie, wincing at the row. "Okay, Ricky can you take all your paints out of the kitchen and then wash your hands for tea, please. Judy, stop screaming. Sit up now. Yes, you can bring dolly. Drink, Lyn?"
"Scotch. On the rocks."
He used to drink milk, thought Suzie. She looked at him as he sat at the table rubbing his eyes. It was difficult to think they'd been eating lunch together only a few hours ago. "How was London?" she said dispensing ice from the fridge door and reaching for the whisky. "You look shattered."
"Oh, the usual. Boring. Exhausting. Train full of screaming kids."
"Here you go... just like that? Ice? No soda?"
"Great. Thanks, hon. What’s that you’re drinking?"
"Gin and tonic. Sit up, Judy."
"Funny. You used to drink white wine."
Suzie met his eye. "Did I?" For a split second, their eyes met and smiles kindled, but then he turned away. "Hurry up, princess," he said evenly. "Where the hell is Petya, by the way? Does she do anything for her keep?"
"Of course she does. But she’s not a nanny you know, she's an au pair. She’s not supposed to work full time, and I, well I don’t especially want her around when you come home." 
He smiled at her again and she thought he was going to say something but he didn't, just turned back to the kids. "Right, Ricky my boy, sit up, come and get it!"
Suzie dished up supper for the kids. 
"What's this?" said Lyndon cheerily. "Fried chicken and creamed potatoes? What are you doing Judikins?" She was spooning apple sauce out of a jar onto her plate. Lyndon stared like a man with his boots nailed to the floor, and Suzie wasn’t sure if it was because it was shop-bought, or because she was eating it with chicken. 
"Why?" he said, and it really did sound like a question rather than an accusation. He looked confused rather than merely revolted. "Why are they eating this?"
"It’s what kids in Brussels eat. It’s what they get at school. It’s what they put on junior menus in Brussels restaurants."
Lyndon blinked at her. "Okay, kids. Is that good?"
"I like napple," said Judy stirring her plate into porridge.
"Mom said it was full of vitamins," said Ricky.
"And so it is, son. You eat up and take no notice of me. Hell, what do I know? I used to eat peanut butter jello sandwiches when I was a kid. So," he said to Suzie, "how was your day?"
"Busy, busy, busy," she answered, dragging plates out of the dishwasher. "I've been suspended from work, so I er, met a friend for lunch..."
"You did? Who? Anyone I know? Was it fun?"
"It was marvellous," she said, choking with laughter. How could he be so straight-faced?
"I'm sure your friend thought so, too," he said without a flicker. "I imagine he was aching to see you. Aching in every er... limb, just at the sight of you."
"Can I have ketchup?" said Ricky. 
"No," she said. There was a silence and she saw the kids watching her curiously. She hurriedly papered over the crack. "Eat up, darling. Mummy loves you. It's just that ketchup and apple sauce don't go together." She turned back to Lyn. "They’re having the school Christmas market on Friday, which I'm dreading because of frightful Mrs Frinton..."
"Who?"
"She says I’m a Tardy Teddy."
Lyndon just looked at her.
"And then Adela has been ringing round wondering if the girls would like a ballet party at the local dancing school."
"With ballet dresses, Daddy!"
"Exactly. Bring your own tutu," said Suzie. "And serve you right for giving in over the jods. And Barbara’s disappeared. Whenever I ring her all she will say is that Hank has become a new man."
"Examining his feelings and eating salad?"
"Not quite. According to Barbara he’s sharpened up his act on the yum-yum front."
"What’s yum-yum, Mommy?" piped up Judy.
"Cooking, darling. And the upshot is that she’s in love with him all over again."
"Because he er, learned to cook?"
"Apparently. Or perhaps she's just got more of an appetite?"
"A completely new man, is he? I wonder if the old Hank is still lurking about somewhere in the same body?" 
But Suzie wasn't listening. She was raking through the fridge. Must give them some carrot sticks, she thought. Got to keep their diets balanced. "You know, Lyn," she said straightening up. "Years ago, I saw this machine in the school kitchens. A large metal drum lined with sharp textured steel. You put the potatoes in, turned the handle and inside the potatoes went tumbling round and round each one hitting the side from time to time until bit by bit all the skins were grated off and the potatoes were all peeled and all exactly the same shape. Well, that’s me. My brain turns like that potato machine, touching on one subject after another, never really getting to grips with anything, just nibbling the sharp corners off everything, until all my thoughts look identical."
"You're always so busy," said Lyndon giving her a quick hug. "Always on the go. You have enough energy for two people. I’ve often wondered how you do it, actually. Perhaps you are two people? A blonde bombshell at home and a beautiful brunette on the side?"
"Yes, well, Petya does a marvellous job," said Suzie smothering a grin. What was Lyndon playing at? Was that a lurking smile in his eyes? Or a challenge? Was he teasing her? Flirting? Provoking...?
"The back yard looks terrible, he said suddenly glancing out of the window. "Looks like someone's been chucking leaves and cinders all over the grass. Can't we get anyone to rake up the leaves in the back yard?" 
"What, with their bare hands? Someone stole all the tools. Probably the gardener when he disappeared."
"You're right. So I'll hire a new gardener. Someone who can manage to grow a few flowers out there."
"Listen, who cares if all he can grow is cabbage?" she said. "Anything as long as it’s not pot plants."
"Was the other guy growing pot plants?" said Ricky suddenly ablaze with curiosity and admiration. "Wicked!"
"I gotta a pot plant on the fridge," said Judy. "A pie-dapple. In a pot I painted. I luv Mommy."
Ricky gave her a withering look but before he could say anything Suzie snapped her fingers at him warningly.
"Well, I don’t want strangers wandering about my back yard," said Lyndon.
He already had a total stranger living in his basement, thought Suzie. "So what are you saying?" she asked, guilt sharpening her voice. "I can’t employ a part-time gardener without your permission?"
"Whoa!" said Lyndon. "Where’s that come from?"
"Sorry," she said. "Just tired."
"You know what? I’ve got some leave coming, I think I’ll put in to take some time off over the Christmas holidays," he said. "Perhaps we could leave the kids here, go to Paris..."
"You know Caroline’s coming?"
"I can handle her, if I have to. I think you need a break. Maybe we could go out to dinner one evening, perhaps even treat ourselves to a night in a decent hotel? Since we’ll have the house stuffed with babysitters?"
A big grin on her face, Suzie was about to wind her arms round Lyndon's neck when the phone rang and he picked it up. From his face he was obviously expecting it to be Barbara or one of the nannies, but then his expression changed. "What? Who... do not ring me at home. This is all nonsense. Get a life! So grow up. No. This is not an appropriate time for this discussion." He walked out of the kitchen into the hall, turning his back on Suzie and the kids. "No, I will deal with this issue in the morning, and not before. I find that comment gratuitously insulting. Be very careful. Yes, I will be there. Yes, 8.30."
"Trouble at mill?" She asked when he came back into the kitchen.
"Security alert, nothing to worry about."
"Sure?"
"Is Judikins the best girl in the world?" he asked with an easy wink.
Suzie leaned her head on his shoulder. "Are you serious about taking some time off before Christmas?" she said. "Because it’s only next week and I have to work out timings for Christmas Eve. I wanted to make some mince pies but Stonemanor have run out of mincemeat, and Mother says she’ll bring some but that means making them after dinner on Christmas Eve, plus you and I need to sit down together and phone Santa about the stockings, and I haven’t got anything for Caroline yet, she’s so difficult, and I have to organise Petya because..." 
"Can't we simplify, Suze?"  
"Cuepouri says I'm trying to blackmail him."
"Harassment in the workplace," he said, "usually means someone sees you as a threat. You’re beautiful, smart, good at your job and popular with your work mates: some creep becomes insecure and jealous and so does everything to undermine you."
"I know. I'm dealing with it." 
"Yeah," said Lyndon. "I was gonna ask you about something else, too. I mean things are going a little off kilter in the housekeeping department, don't you think? What is this strange bamboo jam in the fridge? And there's a funny smell in the cellar."
Suzie bit her lip. She'd have to tell him about the dead hamster and Petya's fiddler. But preferably not in front of the kids. She flicked a meaningful glance at the back of Ricky's head, and he nodded. "Okay. We'll discuss it later. Can I bring you anything from Amsterdam? I have to go there the day after tomorrow and if I’m taking time off over the holidays, I’ll probably have to go to Paris pretty much as soon as I get back."
"Amsterdam?" she said primly. "Goodness gracious! What are you doing there?"
"Oh, there are horizons I plan to explore."
She bit her lip and looked away. "Oh, like er... cheese? Tulips? Bicycles? Canal boats?"
"You'd prefer me to stay overnight?" he said quizzically and for a minute she caught a look of pure lust on his face. She blushed and Lyndon laughed out loud. "Come on kids," he said jovially. "Bedtime and if you're lucky daddy will give you a nice tuck up!" 
As he climbed the stairs with both children hanging round his knees. Suzie cleared away and poured herself another G&T. With a quick glance at the first floor landing, she went out to the hall. A courier had delivered a slim brown envelope that afternoon and she still hadn't had time to open it. She took the contents out with shaking fingers: a train ticket, and a slip of paper. Thrills ran up and down her spine. She memorised the name of the restaurant, shoved the train ticket back into her bag, and then tore the envelope and the paper into tiny pieces and thrust them down the side of the bin.
Another date. A secret one. In A/dam. A private meeting. No curious eyes, no neighbours. She shivered with pleasure, and then pulled herself together. Get on with it, Suze!
She still had to find a job for Vladie. Perhaps Barbara could find him some Eastern European restaurant to play his fiddle in, wearing baggy white trousers and a red scarf round his waist. Failing that, perhaps he could be a waiter? At least that way she wouldn't be the only person feeding him. But when she went down to the basement to retrieve her quiche dish and make the suggestion, Petya said, "Ectually, Vladie iss clessically trained. He needs no favours. Jest the chance to audition for a really good orchestra."
"He’s that good, is he?"
"I loff him. He iss my life. He sess he will giff me meny children."
The hair rose on Suzie’s scalp. "But not until he’s moved out of the basement, right?"
Petya gave her a terrifying vague smile. "I stay here with children. I look after Judy and Ricky. I loff them. Like my own."
"Well that’s nice," said Suzie faintly. She spread a newspaper out on the floor, unclipped the top of the hamster cage and tipped the entire contents - spring fruit flavour sticks, cannabis stalks, hamster corpse et al - onto the paper. She rolled it up into a neat parcel and put it carefully into the compost bucket. Then she put the cage and all its accessories into another bag and tied it up.
"Look, I’ll be going out all day the day after tomorrow. From before breakfast until easily six or seven o' clock in the evening. Maybe a bit later. Can you deal with everything? Do the morning run, pick them up, do tea and all that?"
"And dis thing?" said Petya gazing at the compost bucket with huge hollow eyes.
"Say the fairies stole him to go and live in wonderland. Say he'll send her a postcard at Christmas."
"Can Vladie help me?"
What harm could it do? "Yes. Whatever. Just don’t let him play his violin all day. Listen, I'm er, working in er, Ghent all day on Thursday, so I probably won't see you..."
"He hess a great telent," said Petya. "Thursday I replace you all day. Childrens will be safe with me. All day."
"Jolly good." Suzie retreated from the basement thinking that it really wasn't a very nice place to live. "Oh and Petya?" she said, looking over the banisters.
"Yess?"
"Tomorrow, when everyone's out can you get Vladie moved upstairs? And get him to clean all this up. I really want my basement back." 
Petya span round, her face rosy and shining with pleasure. 
"It’s only temporary!" said Suzie quickly. "He’s only staying until New Year. And you’d better tell Judy he’s a sleepover."
"I loff you," said Petya with an enormous grin.
"In return," said Suzie, "keep him out of Lyn's way and get him to put the Christmas decorations up. Streamers, baubles, swags, illuminated stars, all the lights, the lot. Just leave the front door and the hall. I've got a guy coming to do the wreath and put up a tree. Lyn's already got all the deccies down from the attic, they're in his study. Those two big tea chests. All right?"
"You are precious lady, he iss your slave!"
Suzie pulled a face, went off upstairs to check her emails and was amazed to see her inbox full of messages from Veronica, Simon, and a heap of others from the office. Deryck was still sitting firmly on the wall but apparently the rest of them had gone on strike against the Grey Lizard. Cuepouri was still holding out but no-one thought he would last long. Suzie smiled and sat down to write thank you notes and warn people not to go too far. She didn’t want anyone else getting suspended or sacked just before Christmas. She'd probably have to back down and apologise herself, she thought. The Grey Lizard would triumph, Deryck would go off sick again, and they could all go back to normal. Hey ho. But she would just leave it to the end of the week. 
She was just flicking the lights off when the phone rang. It was her father. "Suzie-pop?"
"Oh hello, daddy, how are you?" she said.
"Oh darling, I’m fine, I just rang about your mother."
"She’s not ill, is she?"
"I do hope it’s convenient, all three of us coming for Christmas? Only I know she can be quite..."
"No, daddy, it’s fine. I’m looking forward to seeing you all. Well, maybe not Caro but. No, no it's just a joke. How are you, dad? Do the pair of them bully you?"
"Oh you don’t need to worry about me," he said. "I wouldn’t have mentioned it, but your mother’s turned into post-menopause, super-charged sex-maniac. I’m having the time of my life. Why would I bother to interfere in what she does? Why would any man? I’m sorry. Was that too graphic?"
"No, I think as long as we stop there, it’s fine."
"I was never made to be the leader, you know. I was always much happier being the captain’s helper..."
"That could count as too much information."
"Oh dear. I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to embarrass you. I’d better go, before she finds out I’m on the phone."
"Okay, dad. I’ll see you Christmas Eve."
At that moment, Lyndon came upstairs again, took the phone out of her hand and replaced it on the stand. "It's been a long day," he said, "and I'm shattered. Would it be too much to ask for an early night?"
"I'm coming," said Suzie and blushed scarlet. Life with Lyndon had changed. Although on the surface, they were both still the same perfect couple leading the same perfect life, somehow, under the surface, everything was different. There was excitement, laughter, secrets, and precious little sleep however early they went to bed. Still blushing, she scampered up the stairs with him and bounced into bed.
A dawn start on Thursday should have been a nightmare, but the day was full of promise and Suzie had everything planned. Escaping from the house, changing into Blanche, it was all organised. Laughter bubbling in her chest, she strode into the railway station, checking her watch with a conspicuous frown. The hall was crowded, people weaving complicated patterns between the platforms and the station entrances. Wet footprints shone on the black plastic floor, the smell of fresh coffee floated out from the cafes on the main concourse and mixed with the wet, sour, city smell. 
Blanche stood near the departure boards, ostensibly checking her platform number but in reality keeping an eye out for Agent B. She loitered past the shops and cafes still looking for him anyway and finally wandered onto the platform, watching everyone filing past her, searching the crowd carefully for his beautiful face. Nothing. Finally she gave up, found her first-class carriage, and got into the train.
Tossing her coat into the overhead rack, she sat down and stared through the window at the rain-grey platform. Within minutes the train moved smoothly, silently out of the station and at that moment, the door at the far end of the carriage swished open and there he was, framed in the bright neon doorway, Agent B with his long legs, his strong jaw and his coat swaying elegantly from his broad shoulders. Pure joy. He strolled forward and swung into the seat beside her without a word, opened a copy of Time magazine and casually ran one long finger along the headline: "Who’s Watching You?"
The world was flooded with colour and light, and although she went back to staring out of the window, Blanche was singing inside, intensely aware of being beside the man instead of being separated by a table. Knowing that body language was just as revealing as speech, she managed to keep her shoulders and head tilted away from him but couldn’t resist the temptation to relax her leg just a fraction so that accidentally, as the train accelerated into a corner or rattled over a rough bit of track, their thighs just brushed, generating in that brief moment enough heat to power the Belgian national grid. 
The minute the train drew into the station in Amsterdam, Blanche sprang up and pushed her way past Agent B, revelling in the necessity of brushing her back against his chest. With deliciously weak knees, she got out of the carriage knowing that he wouldn't be far behind her. On the platform, she paused from time to time, apparently in order to consult a small guidebook, but actually to check that Agent B was still behind her. He, in turn, standing only a metre away, was scanning the crowds as if hoping to be met by someone. 
Outside on the big cobbled square, they queued for the tram without giving each other a second glance, but when it jerked to a halt in front of them and the crowd jostled to get on, he slipped a rice paper note into her hand. On the tram, he sat opposite her, watching out of the corner of his eye as she glanced at his note and then unobtrusively folded the rice paper, slipped it into her mouth and let it dissolve on her tongue. 
Without giving him so much as a second glance, Blanche got off at the Nieuwe Kerk and strode off towards Dam Square leaving the tram to carry Agent B south towards the Rijksmuseum. It hadn’t escaped her notice that the same small grey man who had been sitting by the door of their carriage had also got onto the same tram and was now - just by coincidence no doubt - also walking towards Dam Square.
Time for ze fun and games, she told herself. Smiling, she skipped through a narrow doorway and into a side alley where she ducked into the side entrance of a souvenir shop. Sure enough, within minutes, she saw him walk down the alley. She nipped through the shop and stepped smartly out of the front door onto the main street. She doubled back on herself, going back the way she'd just come, but paused at a post card shop on the corner to check whether she still had company. Once she realised that he was still with her, she crossed the road, slipped up a yet another narrow alley, crossed a canal bridge and disappeared into a side road. Once again, she waited for him to pass her and doubled back, but this time she skipped lightly down a flight of steps, disappeared under a bridge, walked along the towpath and within minutes was on the first tram that stopped.
She'd got rid of him. She smiled broadly to herself. It was refreshing to be out and about somewhere new after all that time in Brussels. And now that she could relax, she spent the rest of the morning making one or two extravagant little purchases. Nothing she couldn't slip into the pocket of her trench coat. Finally looking at her watch, she realised it was time for lunch. Turning her back to the canal, she walked up a gracious street lined with grey stone offices and turned into a wide showy entrance. 
Her heels clicked as she ran lightly up a flight of shallow steps and walked into a large café filled with leather sofas and low tables. Blanche walked straight through the room and up some old dark wooden stairs to a spacious waterfront terrace. It was protected from wind by plastic screens, decorated with Christmas trees, baubles and snow, and warmed by electric parasol heaters over each table. Overhead the sky was the colour of clotted cream except for a splash of blue just around the sun. Enjoying the unfamiliar sunshine, Blanche paused in the doorway to the terrace and scanned the tables.
"May I help you?" said the waiter in English.
"Oui, ze reservation pour Dubois?"
"Certainly, Madame," he said switching effortlessly into French. "If you would like to come this way?"
She followed him to a table right at the front of the terrace where there was a clear view of the canal and all the boats chugging up and down on it. "Thank you," said Agent B, joining them as if from nowhere. They sat down, the waiter handed them their menus, took orders for drinks and went off to the bar. Agent B smiled, squeezed her hand and, under the table, his feet surrounded hers. "How was your morning?" he asked.
"Interesting," said Blanche opening the menu and trying not to look deliriously happy. "You were right of course. I had ze little friend tagging along with me from Brussels."
"Thought so," said Agent B.
"What about you? Are you sure that you’re alone?" she asked.
"I have to warn you that nothing on this menu is likely to be edible," he smiled, shrugging her question off. "People don't come here for the food, they come for the view."
He was right. Of all the lunches they'd eaten together, it was the worst. The chicken curry was heavy, starchy and gelatinous on their forks, the rice sticky and cold and after that, they declined the offer of pudding. But neither of them gave a damn about the cuisine; they were both too aware of the afternoon stretching invitingly out before them. After this lunch, there would be no reluctant parting. They would have the whole of the rest of the day to themselves. "So what shall we do," he asked.
She twinkled back at him. "I think you know the city more zan me."
"Well, we could do culture. The place is stacked with museums. Or we could cruise round the canals on a boat, we could hire bicycles, we could walk in the park, or just find a brown cafe and play scrabble all afternoon. Or we hole up and drink Dutch gin somewhere. Or there’s shopping...?"
She shook her head and laughed at his expression of ludicrous relief. "No, I’ve been shopping," she said pulling a small box out of her pocket. "You want to see?" she said suddenly wanting to tease him, make him jump. "It’s for my boyfriend."
"Boyfriend? What boyfriend?" he snapped.
"He's coming back from Zurich for Christmas."
The twinkle was completely gone and suddenly she felt cheap and needlessly cruel. 
"No, not really," she said. "Here. It's for you."
He looked at her curiously, took the box and opened it. Inside was an exquisite man's silver watch, very plain but plainly expensive. 
"I bought it for you," she said.
He turned it over and looked at the engraving on the back. A heart pierced by an arrow and adorned with two entwined initials. "I love this," he said putting the watch on.
"You're welcome," she whispered, and everything was all right again.
"So we’ll do everything," he announced. "We’ll cram it all in, because then we will have had it and no-one can take it away from us."
"Oh my God! There he is again," exclaimed Blanche. "Doesn’t he ever give up? Over there by the canal, grey suit, brown scarf, new moustache, old newspaper. How in hell did he find us?" 
"Pure chance, I suppose. We were a little careless after all, sitting right out here in the open. Still, we can shake him off. He’s too obvious to be dangerous, anyway. Come on," said Agent B, unfolding his legs, "let’s get outa here."
Once back out on the street, however, it didn’t take them long to realise that Amsterdam was absolutely infested with watchers. To the extent that no sooner had they thrown one follower off the scent, then another would pick up the trail and be on their heels. But they didn't care. It was fun. Almost like a game they had invented. Just like two adults playing at being spies for the hell of it, they crossed roads in front of buses, turned down unlikely side turnings, doubled backwards and forwards, and at one point even considered hiring bicycles.
"In heels and a pencil skirt?" said Blanche.
"Too conspicuously! Conspicuously sexy," he said with a smile. "So it's lucky I have these," he said producing passes for the canal bus. Holding hands, they hurried along the towpath and as luck would have it managed to hustle their way onto a canal bus just as it was leaving. The engines chugged into action and he put his arm round her shoulders and pulled her into the lee of the wind, out of sight of the canal banks. She leaned against him, content that they were together and could let the world slide past. Her head on his shoulder, she listened to his heart steadily beating inside his chest. He was her heart. Half an hour later, as it was getting dark and Christmas lights were beginning to reflect in the water, they got off at a stop near a shallow stone bridge.
"Where to now?" he said as they stood together in the shadows of the bridge, watching the canal bus slip away.
"Have they got aerial support," she replied, scanning the darkening orange sky.
"We can't be that important to them," he said, but as she raised one beautifully plucked eyebrow he laughed. "You're right! We may as well assume that they're onto us. Grab one of these!" he ordered, pulling a flattened cardboard box out of a pile of cardboard neatly folded into a metal container, and hoisting it over his head. "Now, walk slow. Very slow. Snail pace."
Laughing, she followed orders and they inched along beside the water, keeping their backs to the grey stone wall behind them, and stopping every few minutes with their hearts beating with excitement. He was ze good operative. Very, very good, she admitted with respect. Hanging over the bridge they'd just left was a bunch of tourists giggling and pointing at them. One of two were even aiming mobile phones their way. Bringing up the rear, Agent B let the side of his box fall down behind his head so that their faces were obscured from the crowd.
"Don’t worry about them," he said with a reassuring smile. "They’re not professionals! If they were, we’d have been toast at least ten minutes ago."
They abandoned the cardboard boxes and walked up a flight of stone stairs until they were safely under the twinkling festive lights of a broad avenue lined with illuminated trees. "No way they’ll pick us up under this lot," he said.
"Here, give me that," he said and took the soft felt hat off her head and put it on his own. It was too small and made him look ridiculously different. "And you take this." He unwound the woollen scarf from round his neck and draped it peasant style round her head making her look instantly countrified and dowdy.
In their new disguises they stumbled onto a tram, and sat at the back holding hands and trying not to giggle when people looked at them. Finally they got off more or less back where they started earlier that afternoon and he steered her by the elbow into the back room of a brown cafe. "Okay!" he said sotto voce. "We should be safe in here for a while!"
She retrieved her hat and returned his scarf, and they sat up at the far end of the bar out of the glare of the lights. Having flung themselves panting into doorways, dashed under arches shoulder to shoulder, braved enemy fire and clung together under bombardment, the electricity between the two spies had flared into a sparkling inferno and this time there was no pretence of not touching. 
"Here, try this," said Agent B, handing her a Genever and caressing her arm.
"Ze famous Dutch gin?" She rubbed her knee against his.
"Your health, ma'am!"
Shoulder to shoulder they drank their glasses down in one like Russians. Agent B signalled for refills. "We’ve got trouble brewing at the office," he said. "I probably should have cancelled this trip today and gone in there to sort it out. I think they’re onto you."
"Really?" she asked.
A faint shadow crossed his face. Blanche met his eye, and caressed the side of his face with one hand. Agent B caught her hand and pressed the palm against his cheek. "What I have, I hold. Now that I've found you, I won't let you go," he said. "C’mon. It’s dark out there now. Let’s go."
Outside they walked swiftly, Agent B with his arm round her waist as if he feared that someone might snatch her away at any moment. At the landing stage behind the bridge, a canal boat was just pulling in and they clattered on board with the commuters. Sitting at the back, they watched the multi-coloured lights shiver and dance on the icy, black water. Little wreathes of mist entwined their arms around the prow of the boat. Agent B drew Blanche closer, holding her tight. And when the boat slid gently under a bridge, in the darkness he turned his body into hers, grasped her in his arms and kissed her. But then the boat slid back out into the dancing fairy lights and Blanche pulled away and sat up as straight as a Victorian schoolmistress. 
"Fight it as much as you want," murmured Agent B with a smile playing round his mouth. "But you’re mine."
"But I'm an international woman of mystery, not a love-struck housewife!"
"Who you are, and what you do are not the same. I’m in love with you and I won't live without you. I’m taking you to Paris, we are coming back on Christmas Eve and after that, we’ll work something out, but believe me, there is no way I am gonna lose you."
"What if I have other things to do on Christmas Eve? Other responsibilities."
"Delegate. You'll be back by lunchtime. You're coming and that’s that."
A warm bubble of happiness swelled up in Blanche's chest. He loved her. Agent B loved Blanche Dubois! He was her man. She was in heaven. 
CHAPTER TWELVE



But the next day, Suzie came down to earth with a bang. "It's Penelope here. I'm so sorry to phone you like this but I thought you ought to know..."
"Penny, I'm..."
"Suzie, I know you're busy. God knows we all are! But this is important and it won't wait."
Suzie looked up at Lyndon where he stood in the hall dragging at his tie. He looked tired but his face was as serene as usual. She, on the other hand, couldn't concentrate on anything. Her senses were swimming. Her breath was uneven, her mouth was dry, she kept staring out of windows, closing her eyes to relive an extra-delicious moment, day-dreaming about running away on a canal boat... 
Seeing she was on the phone, Lyndon silently kissed her cheek.
"Did you have a good day at the office?" she mouthed at him and he winked at her.
"Are you listening to me, Suzie? Ronald saw him. In Amsterdam. Yesterday. I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad tidings, but..."
Lyndon rolled his eyes at the phone, dropped his car keys into the dish, went slowly upstairs taking his jacket off and Penelope went on "...in a bar. With a brunette!"
"Penny, what are you talking about?"
"Lyndon. He's having an affair!"
"How dare you?"
"Look, there's no point in shooting the messenger. Ronald saw Lyndon yesterday in Amsterdam and he was acting so strangely..."
"Do you mean to say your husband has been stalking Lyn?" said Suzie indignantly. 
Lyndon was coming down the stairs in his jeans and she beckoned him to come and listen to the phone call. They stood side by side listening to Penelope. "It's not like that. Ronald just happened to see Lyndon in Amsterdam, you know just passing the other side of the street, and was going to speak to him, just to suggest they had lunch together. It's perfectly normal. There's nothing wrong with that, Suzie! But he suddenly realised he wasn't alone. The woman suddenly dashed down a side street and Ronald followed. He wasn't stalking anyone..."
"And that means Lyndon's having an affair, does it? Really Penelope I think you've gone too far this time!"
"No! He saw them together! Kissing! Practically having sex in the back of some scruffy bar!"
Lyndon raised his eyebrows at Suzie. "He was mistaken, Penelope," she said.
"Well, if you want to take it like that! I'm only trying to help. I mean the wife's always the last one to find out."
"He wasn't in Amsterdam yesterday."
"But Ronald phoned his office!"
"He was with me all day, Penelope. Now you know. Lyndon was skiving off work so that we could spend some time together. Not that it's any of your business. Satisfied?"
"I can't see how Ronald could have made a mistake."
Lyndon took the phone from Suzie. "Penelope, hello this is Lyndon. What is all this?"
"Oh Lyndon, I say! I mean... well, it's just that Ronald saw you in Amsterdam yesterday but Suzie says you were at home."
"You surprise me, Penelope. Indulging in espionage fantasies at your age! Don't you think you're too old to go round pretending to be a spy?"
"There's no need to be offensive, Lyndon!"
"Good night, Penelope," he said, and put the phone down. 
"I hate it. People are always poking their noses into our business!" said Suzie. 
"Amateurs. Don't let them worry you, hon." He picked up the evening paper, and Suzie went into the kitchen where she found Petya busily grating about 10 kilos of beetroots. The juice had splattered everywhere; the table, the floor, the work surfaces, the tiled splash backs, the sink, the entire kitchen was covered. "Looks like you've been killing a pig in here," she said, getting the gin out. "How were the kids? Did they go to bed all right? No problems about the er...?"
"Vot?"
"You know: Hammy!" she whispered.
"I think she hess forgotten him," said Petya. "That iss the cruelty of the child's heart. Loff me today, loff me not tomorrow." 
Suzie left her hacking yet another beetroot in half and went into the sitting room to talk to Lyndon. "Penny's not the only one, Lyn. I've had Julia on the phone too. About the Paris flat."
"Don't know what she's talking about," he said and she almost believed him. "I have no intention of going there," he added. "Is that everyone? Or are there others who would denounce me for an adulterer and a philanderer?"
"No, that's not all. I need to speak to you about the basement."
"You want a hand clearing that mess up?"
"No, that's not the problem. It's the occupant of the basement."
"Petya's boyfriend? The Russian fiddler?"
"How did you know?"
"Hon, if the appearance of wet socks on a makeshift washing line hadn't alerted me than I'm pretty sure the sound of someone playing augmented minor violin scales all night would have done. I was relieved when he started sleeping upstairs with Petya, actually."
"So you don't mind?"
"I've been too preoccupied to deal with him. But he can't stay here. Apart from being an illegal immigrant, he's a health hazard."
"He's not that smelly!"
"Sleep deprivation can drive people crazy, hon. In extreme cases, it can even result in mental malfunctions, multiple personalities, and exaggerated imaginary lives."
"Multiple personalities? What could you be talking about? Are you saying I'm mentally deranged?"
He laughed. "Nope. Just saying you have to get him out of here."
"Right now? Just before Christmas? You can't be serious. If I chuck him out Petya will go with him and then what will I do with the kids?"
"You know," said Lyndon slowly, "work wise, for me... his presence in the house is, could cause embarrassment, let me put it that way."
"New Year. Just until New Year. I think I've found Petya a real job, and if I can only find a decent orchestra for Vladimir... I mean, he’s got no money, no job, no visa."
"Right. Precisely my point."
"And he’s apparently planning to give Petya a quiverful of Russian babies."
"Jesus! And how old is this boy?"
"I don’t know. Twenty? Twenty-three? Old enough to hold her to his word, anyway."
"Well, he'd better make himself useful if he's staying here. He can clean up the back yard for a start, and he might as well drive the kids around. Can he drive? Has he a valid licence?"
"No idea," shrugged Suzie. "I mean, he’s Russian. I expect he was in the army. Don’t they teach them to drive in the Russian army? Tanks and things?"
"Are we planning to purchase a tank?" asked Lyndon.
Suzie just hugged him. "I am getting it sorted," she said. "I know it doesn't look like it, but I am."
"I'm sure you are, hon."
"Everything non-perishable has already been delivered," she said. "A cleaning company is coming to muck out the entire house tomorrow and then the perishable stuff is arriving two days before Christmas. I've even got a designer coming to install and decorate the tree, so it won't matter. I mean even if neither of us were here to do it, Christmas is all sorted. Vladie's going to do all the decorating. He's practically tall enough to put stuff up without using a stepladder, and Petya's cooking."
"Can she cook?"
"I don't know. But does it matter? Mother's bringing the cake and I ordered the mince pies from Harrods. They're sending them by courier."
"Isn't that...?"
"No, it's not extravagant! Not compared with the jods! There isn't a mince pie or a jar of mincemeat to be had anywhere in the whole of Belgium. Everywhere is sold out, but if I haven't got any Caro will make Christmas miserable for everyone, and I don't have time to start making them from scratch." 
"No, you don't," he said. "You have more important affairs to... um pursue."
"Precisely," she said, trying to keep a straight face. "Affairs. I have urgent affairs. I might even consider getting somebody in to clean in the New Year."
"Sounds good, hon. For some time now, you've been doing too much."
"I know. I'm sorry," she said.
"But things seem to be looking up," he said, squeezing her hand, "And after all, you don’t want to lose Petya. What would we do without her? I’d hate you to get so tied down with the kids that you couldn’t go out on your own."
Suzie nodded. She couldn't bear to go back to being the perfect mother and nothing but the perfect mother. Who cared if the contents of the fridge were disorganised? Who cared if she was behind with the laundry? What was the point in cleaning the inside of cupboards? And as for crab claws made of oven gloves, what the hell? There were more important things to do. Like travelling to Paris to meet Agent B in a small back street hotel hidden in a tangle of tourist streets just over the river from Notre-Dame. 
The sun was just tilting low over the Paris rooftops and Suzie's perfect life in Brussels was left behind, she was in another country. Another universe. Another skin. Another life.
As Blanche got off the train, the streets were just starting their late-afternoon buzz. The air was crisp, and the streetlights were flickering as they lit up and she hailed a cab. Arriving at the rendezvous, she found an anonymous hotel door, opening onto a narrow staircase clad in worn green carpet. She trod slowly up the stairs, and checked in at reception, keeping her voice low and speaking with a warm southern accent. "Merci mille fois! I’ll go up. This way is it?"
In the creaky lift, she checked her hair, ran her fingers over her face, stared into her own eyes in the mirror. Her heart was pounding, her pulse was racing, her were legs shaking and her ankles felt as fragile as glass swans' necks in her stilettos. She got out at the top floor, walked slowly down a darkened corridor, found the room number and managed to knock on the door although, for the first time in her life, she was trembling all over. It opened slowly, swinging back on its hinges.
"It’s me," she breathed. "It’s only me." In an instant, Agent B appeared from behind the door, pulled her into the room, locked the door behind them and dragged her ruthlessly into his arms. He seemed taller and stronger than ever, his tie loosened, the top button of his shirt undone, a faint shadow on his chin.
"What is it?" she whispered, her hand closing over his. "What's wrong?"
"They’re onto us. My side."
"What? Are you mad? Who is after us?"
His eyes softened and he stroked her hair. "I shouldn't have said anything," he said quietly. "It doesn't matter. You made it. You’re really here!"
"I don't think anyone followed me," she replied. She gazed round the room. It was small but clean, decorated with speckled wallpaper and a new carpet. 
Agent B lifted his head, his eyes narrowing as he stared into space. Then he went and stood to one side of the window, staring through the net curtain at the bustling street down below. She kicked her shoes off and crossed the room to share the view. Agent B automatically put his arm out and drew her into his side. "Never mind. It’ll take them time to catch up," he said. "I set up some red herrings before I left, and with a bit of luck they’ll waste hours untangling them. They won’t get here until tomorrow morning at the very earliest. By which time, we’ll be gone." He caressed her hair again, curling the thick brown locks round his fingers, and she kissed him, dragging his mouth down to hers, winding her arms round his strong neck, pressing her body closer.
"Oh baby," he murmured, and suddenly all restraint was gone. Agent B unbuttoned her blouse, un-zipped her skirt and dismantled the foundations of civilisation piece by piece, and with every rose and cream silk garment he removed, Blanche’s restraint crumbled. She tore the clothes off his back, bursting buttons, splitting seams with her nails, flinging the remains of his shirt on the floor, kicking his trousers away, ripping at his underwear. 
Outside, the winter sky darkened and blushed crimson, but the couple in the attic bedroom didn’t notice. Outside, South American musicians touted for festive centimes, a dog barked, the tourists snacked and strolled, sat at café tables, and rushed to finish their Christmas shopping but Blanche Dubois and Agent B didn’t spare them even a passing glance from the window. 
Across the Western world, phones rang, Christmas emails proliferated, pencils traced maps, analysed bank accounts, even jabbed at useless lists, but the two of them were absorbed in their own private world. They had caused far more furore than they realised, but even if they had known the extent of the panic surrounding their illicit Parisian rendezvous, they wouldn’t have given a damn. It wasn’t until the bells started ringing that Agent B started up from the rumpled pillows. "Christ! What’s that? What’s the time?"
"Seven. That must be Notre-Dame. The angelus," said Blanche, but she didn’t move. She wasn’t sure if she could. In fact, she was rather surprised to find herself still functioning at all. "Come back, lie down with me," she pleaded and when he did, she ran her hands down his back as he yawned and stretched beside her.
"Where did you get zes scars?" asked Blanche. "It was a long time ago, non?" 
Agent B twisted round and touched the two bullet holes at the base of his spine. "A lifetime ago," he said and smiled ruefully. He propped himself up on his elbow so he could watch her face. "I don’t feel like it even happened to me," he said. He doodled his fingers lazily across her body and kissed her again. "I guess you could say they are just leftovers from before I was posted to Europe. Before I met you, and realised just how precious life could be."
"Who were you? Before?" she asked, gazing up at him lazily.
"A soldier," he said. "I was a soldier. Why else do you think I’m a pacifist now? We grow through stages..."
"Are you?" said Blanche. "Is it possible for an American government fonctionnaire to be a pacifist?"
"All things are possible," he said. "You don’t have to understand them for them to be possible. If I were a fridge, I would still be a fridge whether or not you thought I looked like one, and whether or not you understood the mechanics of a fridge. I was a soldier; I obeyed orders; I believed that machines had to be efficient and that as a machine I had to obey the driver. But now I have become the invisible force that controls the driver. I put safety systems in place. My working day is spent ensuring that extremes are avoided, that security holes do exist. That no system is waterproof. I am the safety valve."
"You’re playing both sides of the game," she breathed. "Aren’t you?" Her eyes widened and her skin paled with fear.
"I like a little anarchy in my life," he answered with a crooked smile. "And if I have compromised my own personal safety, at least until now my family was safe. But now you’re here, things have changed."
She shook her head. "I didn’t know," she said in a low voice. "When we leave here, anything could happen."
"I won’t let anything happen, babe. I’ll never let you get hurt." He kissed her again. "And believe me, I’ll never let you go."
An hour later they ventured out of the hotel. "I’m with you," he whispered into her ear as they stepped onto the pavement. "Trust me." He put his arm round her waist and she leant her head on his shoulder.
"I'm so glad to be home again," she said. "Paris. I've missed it so much."
Like any other lovers, they strolled along the riverbank stopping from time to time to kiss, to admire the glittering water, the dancing Christmas decorations, the luminous moon, and to embrace again. They crossed and re-crossed the Seine, just for the sheer pleasure of walking over ancient stone bridges, on and off river islands. They stopped at a bar and drank whisky. Then, impervious to the cold, they wandered on until they found a minuscule bistro with wooden floors and a whole family of fat Parisians wielding tea towels.
They shared an omelette, ate some fish, tore a basket of bread into little pieces as they talked with their eyes glued to each other, and the fat family rolled their eyes indulgently. Finally the wife brought them orange brandy on the house. It was nearly Christmas after all. Holding hands across the tablecloth, he laughed at her. "This is so weird. You are the most extraordinary woman. I thought I knew you. I thought after fifteen years..."
"Don’t."
"Don’t what?"
"I don’t want to talk about ze past, or about any other life you might be leading. I just want this. You and me, here together. Nothing else."
"You have all my heart," he said, and she blushed and nodded. "Me too," she whispered. 
They left the restaurant and with the moon hanging as large and pale as a wheel of brie in the sky above them, walked hand in hand back to their hotel. Naturally they didn’t sleep much. There was far too much whispering and giggling, far too much exploring, coming and going, too much stroking and kissing for any real sleeping. But they dozed from time to time, tangled in the sheets, their limbs entwined, their fingers interlaced and they drank water from a bottle beside the bed.
"We should have a password," he said. "A single word which means all this." He gestured round the room, at the abandoned clothes, the crumpled sheets, and her naked body lying beside his. "A password which says this is real, this is what matters, that no matter what happens to us, this minute here is the truth."
"Is this real?"
"Absolutely is, ma'am."
"Je t'aime," she said and kissed him again. Strangely though, in spite of never having made time for sleep, in the morning they were relaxed and carefree. They left the hotel early and had breakfast in a café near the station. Dipping croissants into large green bowls of milky coffee, they didn’t speak but their hands rested on each other’s thighs. Sated and relaxed, they gazed at the blackboard.
"Well, at least you’ll be able to sleep on the train," he said.
"Mmm, I’ll try," she said. "Just tell me one more time why we have to go back to Brussels?"
"Real life, babe. But we'll always have this. This will always be here for us." 
"And what if they catch up with you?"
"I’ll deal with them. You don't have to be afraid."
They left the café and walked slowly along the road, avoiding the main entrance of the station by going down a side street. Taking advantage of the usual early morning chaos of postal trolleys and DHL vans, they slipped into the station through the freight entrance and made their way onto the platform unseen. The steam and mist swirled around them, the train was already there, ready to go, provisions loaded, security checks complete, wooden destination boards in their slots. They stopped at the door to a relatively empty carriage and she turned and buried her face in his coat. 
"I wish I wasn’t catching this train," she said. "If we have to catch a train, why not the Orient Express?"
"It doesn’t go from this station. Perhaps another time?"
Doors were slamming and guards whistling. Blanche hastily jumped onto the steps and stood in the doorway of the train. The door slid inexorably closed between them. She pressed her hands against it and tried to smile. "Je t'aime!" she mouthed. The train inched forward as if it were merely stretching, and he took a step forward so as to keep her in view but the monster gathered speed, leaving her lover behind. Suddenly he was alone in Paris, and she was alone on the train speeding through northern France.
She leaned her head against the window and closed her eyes. As the train gathered speed, vibrating and chattering over the tracks, she pulled herself upright. The bitter-sweetness of being in love! Gulping down a lungful of rancid railway air and steadying herself against the plastic-panelled wall, she walked along to the nearest lavatory, slipped inside and locked the door. Wedging herself securely between the wash hand basin and the towel dispenser, she stared at her reflection in the dim mirror. Her face was pale, and her eyes dark ringed, but even though her mouth was swollen and tender from the night before, her scarlet lipstick was perfect. Giving herself a voluptuous smile, she pulled her soft felt hat further over one eye and adjusted her earrings. 
"Madame!" came a voice from the corridor. "Billets!"
"Occupé!" she shouted but the smile had been wiped from her face. They were trouble, she just knew it. Finally it was happening. Her double-life was catching up with her. Her spine prickled and the hairs on the nape of her neck stood up as she flicked her gold powder compact open. Her brain was turning as fast as the wheels under her feet, producing and abandoning solutions at très grande vitesse. Climbing out of the train window and running along the roof would be impossible; she was still wearing vertiginous stilettos and a pencil skirt the size of a cucumber wrapper. Also of course, she didn’t want to spoil her beautifully polished scarlet nails. 
"Tickets please, Madam!" said another voice. She could hear two or three others talking in the background.
"Ma’am," came a new voice. "Ma’am?
Shaking her hair off her shoulders, Blanche unlocked the door and flung it open. Towering over her in a ring of grey suits was an SNCF ticket collector, a Belgian customs inspector, and two unidentified Americans in matching grey suits and another man whose crumpled shirt and pink skin made her think he must be British. What on earth did they want?
"This is a security check, ma’am."
"Tickets, please!"
"Would you kindly hand me your purse?"
"Desolé, mille fois, Madame, mais..."
"So sorry to butt in!"
She handed them her ticket and her purse, grateful that the rattling of the train disguised the shaking of her hands. She must have been mad. What on earth was she doing, travelling on forged documents?
"No, ma’am. Not the bill fold, the whole bag."
The ticket collector looked her up and down appreciatively, and the Belgian pursed his lips with distaste. The Americans remained poker-faced but the Englishman gave her a sheepish smirk. 
"Just gimme the purse, ma’am. The bag. The whole bag." She shrugged and gave it to him, as the other one unfolded her identity card and started examining it minutely. "Your name, ma’am?"
For a split second Suzie didn't answer. The only ID she had with her was Blanche's. She hadn't even bought a passport along; after all, France and Belgium were both Schengen, she didn't need one. She put her hand up to her face and touched the classically cut bob with the tips of her fingers. "Blanche Dubois," she muttered, and suddenly wanted to laugh. It was all coming true. She really was an international woman of mystery, her passionate heart protected by fierce pride. 
They held the photo up against her face. "Whadda ya think, Randy?"
"That's the one."
Blanche rolled her eyes and thrust her hands deep into the pockets of her trench coat. It wouldn't do to laugh in their faces.
"And you’re coming from Paris?" asked the ticket collector, sniffing like a Beagle with a cold. 
"Where else?"
"And what were you doing there?"
"Seeing ze friend," she pouted. The men just stared at her. "And this is zo exhausting," she continued, "I really need ze coffee." She held her hand out for her bag. "If you don’t mind? And if I could have ze ticket back?"
"She sounds French," said one of the Americans. "And she is wearing high heels."
Blanche raised one eyebrow. "Is it against ze law to wear ze heels?"
"Moi, je les trouve très sexy," said the Frenchman.
"Okay," said the other American. "You go along to the buffet car and get some coffee, ma’am. Randy here will go along with you." He thrust her bag back into her arms with un-necessary violence. "And just to make sure you don’t play any stoopid tricks on him, I’ll just hang onto these for the time being," he added, hooking her carte d'identité and her ticket into the inside pocket of his jacket.
"Coming, ma’am?" said Randy.
Blanche tossed her hair at him but he was oblivious, so she shrugged and followed him through the swishing doors into the next carriage. What else could she do?
CHAPTER THIRTEEN



"Well, I don't know," said the Belgian customs official as she teetered away on her stilettos.
"She is not a wife," said the Frenchman shaking his head emphatically.
"I’m glad she’s not mine," snapped the Belgian.
"Why ain’t she a wife?" 
"She has the mouth of a woman who has been making love all night," drawled the Frenchman.
"Reeks of sex," agreed the Belgian, wrinkling his nose up.
"Oh, is that what it was?" said the Englishman. "Golly!"
"Okay, that's enough chat. Stop wasting time," barked Lex. Let's check the rest of the train. This way, men."
Leaning against the wall in the buffet car, Blanche eyed Randy as he brought two tiny plastic cups of coffee back from the bar. He looked harmless enough but you could never tell. Perhaps she ought to karate chop him to the floor while she had the chance? She drank her espresso, but it only made her more sleepy.
"I have to zit down," she told Randy, pushing the empty cup into the bin. Clucking sympathetically, he took her by the elbow, guided her into the adjoining carriage, and handed her into the first vacant pair of seats he found. Blanche gave a sigh of relief as she sat down beside the window. It had been a long night and, so far, an exhausting morning. The man beside her shifted uncomfortably, fiddling with his phone, talking to his boss, "Yeah, two rows into the next carriage. Sure thing, boss. No, I’m staying right here. No. No, looks like she’s sleeping. Well, shit! How the hell should I know? Yessir. Sorry, sir."
Blanche let her breath go, and imagined being back in bed with Agent B. The comforting warmth of him, the passionate heat, all the different intensities and flavours hovered on her tongue, and the corners of her mouth twitched into a peaceful smile. 
Beside her, Randy gazed at her flawless skin. So what if her eyes were a little red and swollen? He couldn’t believe she was guilty. Not the way she was sitting there, calmly sleeping like a little kitten. Nah, he decided. Lex had definitely lost his touch on this one. She wasn’t dangerous, guilty, or even capable of committing a crime, because if she were, she absolutely certainly would not murmur "je t’aime" in her sleep and snuggle her cheek into his shoulder.
"Darling!" she murmured. "Mon amour!" Randy swallowed convulsively and flashed an agitated glance up and down the train. No-one was watching. Centimetre by centimetre he tilted his head until his cheek rested lightly on the top of her head. If he ever got lucky enough to have a woman like her, he thought, there’s no way he’d let her travel on the train alone. All kinds of bad stuff could happen to a girl alone on a train. He folded his jacket over her knees, breathed her scent deep into his body and wished she were dreaming of him.
The train rushed onwards towards the border, hissing faintly as it thrust impatiently across the endless mud flats and penetrated the Belgium countryside. On the horizon, rows of poplar trees turned somersaults across the fields, their lacy silhouettes in stark contrast to the silver grey sky behind them. Inside the train, the heating rattled softly, the pleated curtains swayed cosily around the windows and the lights shone gold against the cold winter light outside. It was so warm and comfortable that Suzie didn’t wake up until they were nearly pulling into Brussels, and then she wasn’t sure where she was. 
She was cuddled up to someone but when she raised her heavy sleepy eyes to his face, it was a total stranger: stocky, balding and baby-faced. The train was slowing down to enter the station. They were sliding into it, the platform moving smoothly beside them. The doors lurched open with a protesting swish and dank Brussels air wafted into the carriage, cutting through the cosy fog they’d brought with them from Paris. She started up, blinking and licking her lips like a lap dog.
"If you'd like to step this way, ma’am," said Randy, standing up looking awkward and embarrassed in the aisle. He pulled her to her feet, and she ducked her head to see her reflection in the window. Blanche's sleek brown bob was rumpled and tangled. She ran her fingers through it and rubbed her face, partly to wake herself up, but mostly to get rid of the smudged makeup under her eyes. Then she turned her collar up, and allowed her quivering companion to guide her off the train. 
She was formally arrested in a little side room just after the ticket barrier, initially by three different authorities on three different sets of charges. The Belgian guy seemed to be pressing charges for having had too much sex, the Frenchman appeared to be arresting her for having not had sex with him, and the Americans were still reading a list of charges starting with espionage and ending with wearing heels on a TGV when the Englishman gave her his home number and said that if she would unfold his IKEA futon, he would willingly drop all charges. Blanche started edging towards the door. It was definitely time to make a quiet exit.
Lex grabbed Blanche's arm in a bruising grip and jerked her away from the door. "Right, I've had enough of this circus. Rupert, call the centre. Getta a car over here. Oh, and Randy. Get these jokers outa here."
"Yessir!" stammered Randy and saluted. He shoved the Belgian out of the door, and turning back to the other guy, was faced with a polite smile.
"Desolé," said the Frenchman with a half bow. "But I have a prior engagement. Excusez-moi. Madame? Your servant to command!" He then removed himself from the room leaving a lascivious wink hanging in the air.
"Okay," sighed Lex. "This is where we’re at. You," he said, stabbing his finger at Blanche. "You are facing substantial charges."
"What charges?" asked Blanche in a haughty voice. 
"Apart from espionage, ma’am? Well, there is suspicion of corrupting a communications officer, infiltrating his home and domestic life, hacking into American government computer files, falsifying documents, theft, forgery, blackmail, and a few other minor details. Would you please walk this way, ma’am?"
For a spilt second Suzie panicked. Who were these people? Where was Lyn? What about the children? The whole thing was spiralling out of control. It was time to give them her real identity, and stop messing about. But then another part of herself said don't be a fool. You wanted excitement, here it is. Petya will take care of the kids. Everything is fine. You can bail out of this situation any time you like so why not ride the train? See how far you get? This is always what you've wanted, a little excitement, a little bit of Hollywood in your life; adventure, danger, adrenalin. Don't be such a coward. Give them a run for their money. 
And so, defiantly lifting her chin, Blanche tightened the belt of her trench coat and allowed Randy to elbow-steer her out of the room. They walked straight through the station and got into a waiting Mercedes with blacked-out windows. She yawned elaborately and at that moment Randy grabbed her hands, and his boss dragged a thick fabric blindfold over her eyes. 
"Do not attempt to remove it," droned Lex. "Do not attempt to struggle. If you resist, we will inflict pain on you.  Do you understand?"
"Parfaitement," she snapped furiously. She hated people messing her hair up. 
After about twenty minutes, she felt the car dip and rattle down a ramp, and guessed they were in an underground car park because the tyres were squealing even though they were no longer moving very fast. All thrillers had a scene in an underground car park, she thought. Why shouldn't this one? The car jerked to a standstill and she was shoved, none too carefully, out of her seat. They went through a door and someone pulled the blindfold off her head leaving her mascara in a mess and her hair full of static but when she put her hand up to flatten it down again, Lex snapped, "Cuffs!"
"Over-enthusiastic, one feels," said Rupert stepping forward. "Leave it." Leaning over her shoulder, he slid his hand down her arm, drew it behind her back and slowly raised her wrist until it was almost behind her shoulder blades. She drew a sharp breath of pain. "My apologies," said Rupert letting her arm relax again. "But you do get the idea, don't you?"
Blanche tossed her options into the air, but the possibilities turned over, fluttered, and fell like confetti, useless under her feet. The corridor was deserted but the offices on either side of it were full. If she tried to jerk free, Randy would catch her and Lex would handcuff her. If she played innocent, Lex would despise her. If she screamed rape, they would probably all just laugh. So she kept walking, just like Lex told her to. 
"Where are we going, messieurs?" she asked but no-one replied. Lex steered her down the corridor and into a lift where he parked her in the corner so that she couldn’t see which button he pressed. Down they went to the basement. It would ze the basement, she told herself. Thugs always hang out in ze basements. Perhaps there will be a bare light bulb? If only I had Emile wiz me. The idea of stabbing someone in the thigh was appealing. Impractical, but appealing.  
As if in a dream, she walked slowly in whatever direction Lex pushed her, hoping that he was tormented by the rustling of her outrageously expensive silk underwear and sure that her vertiginous heels were leaving pockmarks on the lino. A more permanent trail than breadcrumbs. They paused outside a door, Randy shoved it open and Blanche stepped proudly over the threshold and looked around. The room was bigger than she had expected, with lots of bookshelves, and a large leather sofa. Disappointingly, the lights were all adorned with tasteful light shades, and there was a carpet on the floor. A large man sat behind the desk tapping his teeth with a pencil. In front of him was a folded plastic sign, like a supermarket checkout separator, with the words "Head of Security" embossed on it, gold on black. 
Blanche looked at him, and wondered where she'd seen him before. Ted Bloat. Ted? Where had she heard ze name? She stared at him, and he looked back at her without the faintest flicker of recognition. In fact, he didn’t even blink.
"Here's her ID card. Oh, and her train ticket," said Lex pulling the two documents out of his pocket and slapping them onto the desk like John Wayne slinging a pair of loaded pistols onto the bar of the Dodge City saloon. Randy passed Blanche's vanity case over to the man behind the desk. "Here you are, Ted. We already checked the purse."
Ted tipped the contents of Blanche's bag onto his blotter. Hairbrush, lipstick, purse, a few pens, phone, paper handkerchiefs, nothing much. A dark blue plastic Tampax holder. He emptied the tampons out of it and pushed them about with his finger as if he were frying sausages, and then looked up. Blanche met his eye, her expression completely frozen. Her mind might be racing, but she would be damned if she'd give the slightest hint what she was thinking. These people were obviously connected with Agent B. Were they his controllers? 
Ted neatly arranged her ID card, credit card and train ticket on the desk. Then he went through her vanity case. Blanche shrugged. She had a few day clothes in there, but it mainly contained cosmetics and underwear the likes of which they clearly hadn't seen before. They kept holding things up and looking at her. Blanche looked back at them and remembered Agent B removing the very same wisps of lace from her body only a few hours ago.
"Uh huh!" said Lex, digging into the side pocket of her case. "Here we are. "Contact lenses. Cleaning fluid, holder... what’s this? Coloured lenses, huh? Spirit gum. Now, there’s an unusual item to find in a lady’s luggage."
"Wig," said Rupert, and Blanche's eyes flicked his way.
"Come again?"
"Wig, sir.  I would say this is used to glue a wig into place."
Lex looked at him with even more distaste than Blanche. Randy stared at the Englishman with revolted amazement and the bods on the sofa jolted to attention, all eyes fixed on Rupert.
"Rupert?" said Lex finally. "Rupert?"
Rupert looked up from Blanche's vanity case, surprised by the sudden chill in the air. "Oh I see!" he said, comprehension dawning. "Yes. Am-drams, sorry about that.  Lots of it going on here in Brussels. Jolly good fun."
Lex nearly exploded. "Just fucking explain yourself!" he roared at Blanche, slamming his mighty fist down on the desk. She flinched involuntarily. She could say she had been hypnotised in a fairground. Or she could say that she was indeed the great-niece of Winston Churchill. She could remain silent and let them lock her up forever with the rats, or she could demand to see the ambassador. She could tap out a coded message on the wall of her cell and tunnel out at midnight. She could say she’d done it to win a bet. She could take a cyanide tablet and fall dead at their feet. She could...
"Ma’am?" said Lex.
"I wouldn’t piss him off if I were you," said Randy sotto voce. "Ted, he isn’t a patient man," he added, his soft brown eyes bulging with anxiety.
"Randy!" barked the huge man at the desk. Randy paled and gave Suzie a beseeching glance.
"Patience, my friend,” said Rupert, and turned to her with a sympathetic frown. "As a representative of the British government," he said, "I would advise you most earnestly to answer the question."
Blanche cleared her throat and licked her lips slowly. "There has obviously been ze mistake somewhere," she said with a charming little shrug. "I don't understand what is going on. Who are you? What do you want and why have you brought me here?"
"Get her coat off, Randy," said Lex. "We might as well soften her up first, ask questions later. It'll save time." 
But the moment Randy grabbed her arm Suzie's courage and excitement disappeared like slugs in sunlight. She hadn't bargained for physical violence and in the face of a thumping from Lex she hadn't the slightest desire to be an international woman of mystery. Apart from any thing else, what would her mother say if she turned up with a black eye or a split lip? As Lex twisted her arm she lost it completely. "Let me go!" she screamed, turning into a whirling dervish, struggling and kicking out at the men surrounding her, grabbing at her arms, closing in on her. "No!" she yelled, flailing and kicking in all directions. "Help!" 
"Hands off her!" thundered Lyndon's voice, as the door burst open with an almighty crash and he exploded into the room. Suzie gave a sob of relief as the men backed away from her. Lyndon, his face granite with fury, seized Lex by the collar and the belt and sent him sprawling into the corner, and the others reared away as if scorched, holding their hands up and muttering apologies. Lyndon's eyes were incandescent, red-hot coals, and his beautiful hands were clenched into massive, ruthless fists. 
"What the fuck do you think you're doing?" he demanded. Ted shrank away and he rounded on Lex, still cowering on the floor, and glared at him furiously. For a second, he held the floor like a maddened bull. No-one moved. And then finally, with a little sob of relief, Suzie ran to his side and without looking, Lyn put his arm round her waist and pulled her close. Lyndon glared round the men in the room and his voice was as hard as ice. "Touch her, and I'll kill you."
A thrill ran down Suzie's spine. She was married to a real, live, hard man. Lyndon and Agent B were one-and-the-same. Her man. And he was tough, and mean, and ready to defend her with his fists. She felt herself swelling with pride. She was a gangster's moll, a sugar-babe, a cutsie who could get away with murder because her man would protect her, defend her, hold her hard against his leaping heart. She really, truly was an international woman of mystery, intrigue and violence. If only she had Emile in her pocket she'd stab someone in the thigh.
Ted spoke first. "An excessive reaction, Lyndon. Not altogether emotionally balanced." He straightened his tie and ran one shaking hand through his hair. "Let's not make this messy, folks. It's Christmas Eve and none of us wants to drag this out for longer than we have to."
"Shit! You are way outa line!" said Lex rubbing his jaw and laboriously climbing back onto his feet.
"Quiet," said Ted. "Sit down. All of you. Including you, Lysle. Stop making a fool of yourself. Let's start at the beginning."
Everyone sat down except Lyndon and Suzie. 
"Sir? I have a comment," said Randy nervously.
"It better be good."
"The prisoner..."
"You mean the member of the public who is helping with our enquiries," said Ted with a raised eyebrow.
"Yessir. Well, she went to sleep, sir. On the train. And er, I don't think she could have done that if she was guilty, sir."
"Very touching," drawled Lex.
"And well, sir, she was talking in her sleep. Saying stuff like "je tame," and er... sir."
"You were?" asked Lyn under his breath and blushing slightly Suzie gave an infinitesimal nod. The corner of his mouth twitched and her pulled her even closer. For a second, she thought he was going to kiss her but then Ted started yelling again. "You!" he bawled, pointing at Suzie, "You got some explaining to do. No! Don't say anything. Just answer the questions. Name?"
"This is my wife, Suzie," said Lyndon loudly and firmly. "You should know that, Ted. You interviewed her in Paris."
Ted narrowed his eyes and pursed his lips. "She doesn't look like your wife!"
"Wig, sir," said Randy apologetically. "I told you. It's a wig and coloured contacts."
"Exactly. And since when is it against the law to wear a wig?" asked Lyndon, and Randy flushed and ran his hand through the remains of his own hair.
"We have reason to believe that this woman is actually Blanche Dubois, and that she is merely masquerading as your wife!" barked Lex.
"Are you completely insane?" said Lyndon with an amused smile. He squeezed Suzie's fingers. "Blanche Dubois never existed. She was just a figment of our imagination. A fabrication of my wife's." 
"Why? Why would your wife invent this woman?"
"You could call it game, if you like. A role play."
"Don't fuck with me," snarled Lex. "What the hell were you doing in Paris? Where were you? You know you don't have authorisation to be off the list."
"You're embarrassing my wife," said Lyndon with a hint of boredom in his voice. "So I'll say this just once more. Blanche was just a childish game between us."
Feeling as if she had been drenched by a bucketful of icy water, Suzie tried to pull away but Lyndon's arm was like steel, and she couldn't move. 
"You gotta crazy wife?"
"My, my, what they do get up to!" murmured Rupert.
 "Well now gentlemen, if you don't mind, my mother-in-law is expecting us to meet her off the train." 
"You expect me to believe that's why your old lady was running round Europe with forged ID?"
"Is it forged?" said Lyndon. Forcing Suzie to move with him, he went over to the desk, picked the card up, and turned it over in his fingers. "I would say it was so clumsily done as to amount to nothing more than a child's cartoon of an ID card," he drawled, flicking it back across the desk. Suzie's head was buzzing, and his voice was coming from far away. She was stuck in a horrible nightmare, listening to Lyndon agreeing that she was deranged and laughable. "Look, my wife's been under a lot of strain recently what with work, the house, the kids... it was just a private game. Call it a mid-life crisis, if you like." 
Suzie's eyes closed gently and with a small sigh she flopped against Lyndon's shoulder, completely unconscious. He carried her to a sofa, laid her down and people exclaimed, swore, scuffled, phoned for secretaries and patted her cheeks but she was out of it. Papers were signed, agreements, apologies and explanations proffered and accepted, hands were shaken, backs patted. There were even a few rueful grins. 
And when Suzie came round she was lying on a sofa in a different room. 
"Hon? Are you all right?"
Lyndon was sitting on a coffee table in front of the sofa, watching her. Suzie sat up slowly, rubbed her forehead and stared at him. "I think so," she said. "Where are we?"
"My office."
"It looks more like a flat," she said, gazing at the expensive prints, the deep leather sofas, the enormous hardwood desk, the impressive quantities of technology, the books, drinks, coffee, carpets and curtains. There was a large conference table in an alcove and, through an open door, a glimpse of what looked like a bathroom.
"All the perks," said Lyn. "How are you feeling?"
"What happened?"
"You fainted, and we agreed to sort things out at a more appropriate moment. It's Christmas Eve after all. Everybody has somewhere they need to be right now."
Suzie felt hot tears pushing through her mascara.
"I was awake in the car that night we were coming back from Holland with the kids," he said apologetically.
"Oh," said Suzie and closed her eyes again.
"You'll be fine in a minute," said Lyndon. "Just relax, take your time. You fainted."
"What work do you do in here?" she asked.
"Oh, read papers, answer emails, have meetings, make phone calls... you could call me a trend-spotter."
"Could I call you a spy?"
"I research cultural reference points," continued Lyndon evenly. "I collate material gathered and disseminate it to those who need to know. Like this, here in this publication from the Louvre." He presented her with a booklet with a slip of paper pinned to the front.
She took it and stared at the note: "This room is not supposed to be wired, but I have always assumed it to be so."
"So if we want to meet your family off that train, we'd better get moving," said Lyndon, taking the paper away from her and calmly folding it into his pocket. "Would you like to wash up? Shower? Change, maybe? I sent a courier home to collect some clothes for you. That is, I'm assuming you'd like to change before we collect your parents off the train. I put your things in the bathroom. Through there."
He helped Suzie to her feet and as she went through into the shower, she heard him pick up the phone and say, "Annette? Can you rustle up some coffee and sandwiches, please? Fast as you like. Yes, I know. Just do your best. Cheese, ham, whatever you can get hold of... ring down to the canteen and tell them I asked specially."
Aching in every limb, Suzie slowly pulled the pins out of her wig and eased it off her head. Then she showered, dressed, and packed Blanche's belongings carefully into her vanity case. By the time she emerged clean, blonde and blue-eyed, once again arrayed in sensible 60-denier and flatties, there was a tray of coffee and sandwiches on the coffee table.
"Try and eat something," said Lyndon disappearing into the bathroom in his turn. "If you wanna make a call, use the fixed line on my desk. Mobiles are blocked in this building."
While he was shaving, Suzie ate a turkey sandwich on rye, drank a cup of coffee and phoned Petya. "Hello, it's me," she said. "How are the kids?"
"Hello, Darlink! Everyting fentestic!" sang Petya, her English more fractured than ever. "Judy is angel! Playing with Ricky in sitting room. Yes, painting epples with nail varnish! Dinner iss cooked, house iss clean, everythink is delivered. Vladie iss puttink popcorn on the tree, he make beautiful bread, with rotting yoghurt you know, he putting all shoes on doorstep outside, we heff open all windows to let in the Christ Child. I think I merry him!"
"Congratulations," said Suzie brightly.
"I sent you clothers to office. You know, man comink here for them. Leen sent him."
"Yes, I've got them. Thanks."
"End you heff phone calls! You were leefing your phone off so everybody callink the house! Meny meny phone calls. Julia, Barbara, Deryck, your mother, your sister... Deryck says he want you comink back at work."
"What did Barbara say?"
"I forget! I em so heppy. Vladie hess job. Cotching students at university so now he vill composing be every day! Workink with Berlin orchestra, and will get visa. Deek-Stair organises everytink because I join hees department to make documentary on migration of European artists..."
"That sounds fantastic, Petya, well done. Congratulations. You deserve it."
"I loff you!"
"Look, I've got to go and pick mother up from the train now..."
"Yes, she telephone to say she iss comink..."
"Yes, I'm still at Lyn's office but we're going straight to the station, and we should be home by six, okay? Yes, yes, I love you too, Petya."
She dialled her sister. "Julia? What is it?"
"You'll never guess what's happened? Leo's bought a bloody dalek costume!"
"You've got to be kidding."
"eBay!" shuddered Julia. "I hate that that bloody website, and it's all your fault! Someone must have told him about that stupid spacesuit. Now I'll have to spend Christmas Day trying to throw a blasted dalek into the Seine or he'll take the bloody thing to Gstaad! And what's the betting I get caught by the police and done for littering or it damn well floats or... He's in line for an Oscar, too!"
Any other time and Suzie would have fallen about laughing and encouraged Julia to enlarge on her woes so that she could repeat the whole conversation to Barbara who would have cackled over it like an old hen on acid. But not that day. "I'm sure you'll manage, Julia," she said. "But I've got to go and collect mother and Caroline off the train now, so Happy Christmas."
"Happy Christmas to you too, darling. Good luck!"
She hung up and re-dialled. "Barbara, it's me but you'll have to make it quick. I've got to pick my mother up. Headlines only."
"Hiya, Suze! I just couldn't wait. Penelope's put Ronald on rations! Apparently he's been sneaking around visiting brothels in Amsterdam! I knew you'd love it! Oh, haven't you ever met him? Oh he's a horrid little man. Sharp and grey like a little sewer rat. Must earn a bloody fortune though, looking at her shoes..."
"And you? How are you? And Hank?"
"Brilliant, darling! I had a call from that idiot Ian saying he's been sacked from the gym. He's history! And Hank's over the moon! Listen I've got to go, sweets! You're still going to the Boxing Day fling, aren't you? Yes, see you there..."
Suzie put the phone down feeling numb. How nice. Everyone in the story was getting a happy ending - except her. There always had to be one character who got the sticky end of the lollypop, just to even things up and make the novel more believable, and in this case, she was the one. She put the receiver down and turned to Lyndon as he emerged from the shower.
  "Ready, hon?" Lyndon was fully back to normal: grey, polite and enigmatic.
She gave him her bright, Doris Day smile. "Yes, dear."
He picked up her vanity case, slung his coat over his arm and dropped a kiss on her forehead. "Whenever you like then, hon."
They went down in the lift to the underground car park and the mere sight of it gave Suzie the shudders. She was relieved when the barrier was raised and they crawled up the ramp onto the brightly decorated street. Lyndon drove in silence and Suzie stared out of the window. The car was probably bugged but in any case, there was nothing to say. She just sat and gazed at the passing bright lights, the twinkling decorations, the gaily coloured glitter in the shop windows. People on the streets were laughing, chattering, singing snatches of carols. Happy Christmas, everyone. Her phone, suddenly finding itself in range of a network, started pinging like an orchestra of egg timers as it received text after text.
Sonia: Can you help with mince pies for Boxing Day?
Penny: I blame you for the Amsterdam brothel business
Ricky from Petya's phone: Judy found Xmas chocs and is thowing up guts
Julia: Mother has soft yolks, hard whites. Or else.
Bella Dance: Can you make a seaweed tutu?
Caroline: Father has suspected wheat allergy
Grey Lizard: Please email proposed work timetable
Ian: I'll be waiting for you. With big throbber
Deryck: I expect you in office day after Christmas
Frinton: Ch6 Exciting Math P15-19 before new term
Suzie's world might be grinding to a dreary monochrome halt but for everyone else it was business as usual. Texts were still arriving. The world was still chucking insanity at her. All the same insanity that she knew how to juggle so effortlessly. She chucked her phone back into her bag. At the Gare du Midi, Lyndon parked the car and dug Blanche's trench coat out of the boot.
"Here," he said. "You don't want to get cold."
She looked at him blank-faced.
"Just put it on, hon," he said, and she was freezing so she slipped the coat on and side-by-side they walked across the concourse, round the outsize Christmas tree and paused under the arrivals board to check the platform number. Lyndon put his arm round her shoulder and she dragged her eyes away towards the little office where she had been detained and walked on beside him. What a fool she had been, thinking she could convince real spies that she was Blanche Dubois. She was just Suzie Lysle, world-class dreamer, fantasist and fool. 
Anyway, she was carrying a bona fide UK passport now, plus she had American diplomatic protection and the papers to prove it, so they couldn't touch her. Lyndon flipped his card at the barrier and they went onto the platform to meet the train. Under cover of the noise, she asked, "Those people... who were they? You work for them, don't you?"
"I'm employed by the American government, hon. Security is a sensitive issue. I have access to a lot of classified information."
"I'm really sorry. I've been a complete idiot, haven't I?"
"No, not at all!"
"I have. I know I have. How did they find out about Blanche?"
"The gardener was working for them." Keeping his eyes fixed on the ground, Lyndon spoke in a low murmur. "Just routine; keeping an eye on me, that's all. I didn't mind because he was so useless. The minute he failed to report all that pot in the greenhouse, I knew we could have kept a rhino in the sitting room and he wouldn't have said anything. But once you broke his foot, he started singing like a whole pie full of blackbirds. So they started checking and once they found money going into Blanche's account, they thought one of us was being blackmailed." 
Lyndon was standing close, as close as he could be without actually touching her. "But you were good, surprisingly good, all things considered," he continued, with a grin. "It took them quite some time to track you down. And they thought you might be dangerous. You see, they believed you. You were that good!"
"So we really were being followed? The man in the alleyway..."
"Yes, he was one of ours."
"And you knew? All the time?"
He shrugged. "Gossip runs round that building faster than a chicken on acid, and Annette has her uses." He laughed softly. "God it was fun! I put out a hook for you, you invented a trap for me, the guys were chasing me, chasing you, chasing both of us, chasing in all directions. It was so exciting, and I don’t know, Suze, I just felt awake again. Didn’t you feel that?"
She flashed him a brief grin. "I don't know what's wrong with me. I just get so bored and then I make things up."
"I know," he told her. "That's what I love about you."
"I have everything. Beautiful kids, handsome husband, beautiful house, privileged lifestyle..."
"Boring marriage..."
"But I do love you," she said.
"I know you do," he replied. "And I will love and adore you to the end of time. So what does it matter what I told a pair of dumb-ass pavement-beaters? You and I know the truth. This whole perfect-Suzie perfect-Lyndon rigmarole is far more of a pretence than Agent B and Blanche. Remember all that crazy stuff we used to do in Paris when we first met? I never knew who you were going to be when you turned up. You were so off the wall, you made me laugh when I'd practically forgotten how. But once we had Ricky there was always some parental duty or other, and you disappeared. Perhaps I did too."
They stood side by side on the platform. He raked his eyes over her face, looking for clues. She was as pale as the rising moon, her features as brittle as midnight frost, her hair whirling like a crazy mist halo. Her eyes were distant and her knees were beginning to fold. She looked bereaved, tragic. If a steam train should rush up the platform towards them she would be sucked beneath its cruel wheels. 
He reached into his coat pocket. "Happy Christmas," he said softly, and gave her a small parcel tied up with ribbon. Suzie slowly pulled off the wrappings and opened the little box. On a bed of rose pink velvet lay a delicately worked gold and diamond ring. She tilted the ring up against the light. The inside of the band was engraved with the words "Je t'aime". The password. Whatever happens to us, this is real.
Suzie's heart lifted. It was beautiful. A lover's gift. Smiling and blushing like a young girl, she slipped the ring onto her finger, held her hand out to admire the effect, reached up and kissed him. "Moi aussi, je t'aime," she whispered. Throwing caution to the winds, he wound his arms round her body, pulled her close and kissed her back. Their hearts beat faster, they forgot the world, they didn't even hear the Paris train approaching the platform, the noise like the roar of a wave entering a secret lake. A gust of pollution caressed their skin but they didn't notice that either.
There was no steam because the Eurostar is electric. But there should have been. If they had noticed, there certainly would have been steam in Suzie and Lyn's imaginary world, writhing up in the background, momentarily isolating them from the crowd. As it was the only steam was the heat they generated between them. As they kissed, the train thrust its way into the station and slid smoothly up the tracks until the engine hit the buffers and the doors of the train exploded spilling its contents all over the platform.
"Allow me to introduce myself, Countess. Capitan vos Strass," said the tall handsome officer, finally pulling away and giving her a slight bow. 
Suzie looked up at him with glowing eyes and her heart skipped a beat. Countess! What was this? Her mouth curved into a flirtatious smile. "Very pleased to meet you," she whispered, and held her fingers out. Passengers flocked past them, and the mist swirled and writhed like sheets being kicked off a bed. He took her fingers in his, kissed her hand formally and then, taking ruthless advantage of the moment, pulled her back into his arms and kissed her again, his body, hard and demanding, claiming her. What else was an incognito Countess to do? Suzie happily melted against him and kissed him back.
     Surrounded by a crowd of harassed travellers struggling towards the ticket barrier and the taxi rank, Suzie’s mother didn't have to look far to see her dopey daughter and her ridiculous American husband standing there on the platform, sucking the lips off each other, lost in some dream, oblivious to the rest of the world as usual. She stopped in front of Lyndon and Suzie, and folded her arms. The pair of them, carrying on like a couple of kids. Her eyebrows were almost up to her hairline and her mouth was just a single straight slash of salmon lipstick. Her words came out like broken bricks. "Well, I'm glad to see you've come to your senses, Susannah!" she said. "All men like sex, but where's my trolley?"
Immune to the world, the Countess pressed closer to Capitan von Strass, and when he finally stopped kissing her, from the shelter of his arms she turned and smiled obediently at her mother like a kitten peeping out from behind a cushion. "Happy Christmas, Mummy! Daddy! Caroline! How was your journey?"
"I want a trolley, Susannah!"
"Duty calls," said the Capitan and Suzie sniggered and buried her face in his chest. She could feel him shaking with suppressed laughter and had to choke back her own laughter. Suddenly the world was in technicolor again, she was happy, and she knew Christmas was going to be truly special.  
"Nice to see you looking cheery, dear," said Suzie's father, staggering under a mountain of luggage.
"It’s not funny," said Caroline, steering a huge suitcase on four wheels.
"No, and I don't see why you're smirking like that!" snapped her mother. "What's going on, Lindsay?"  
Keeping his arm around the Countess, the Capitan clicked his heels and bowed stiffly from his shoulders. "Hello everyone!" he barked, with an admirable straight face. "Welcome to Brussels. I have a carriage here and everyone is looking forward to seeing you all. Shall we go? Can I help with the luggage? Shall I summon a porter?"
"I've got a trolley!" barked Caroline and they piled all the bags onto it.
"Did he say carriage?" asked Suzie's father. "What's he talking about?"
"It's this way, I suppose," announced her mother heading towards the exit. Caroline and her father followed, wheeling the luggage.
"You will allow me to escort you, won't you Countess?" murmured Lyndon holding his elbow out.
"I shouldn't," she whispered putting her arm through his. "But ever since I saw you at the opera, I've known in my heart... but what if my wicked uncle finds out?"
"I would die for you, Countess! I love you!"
"Me too! I've loved you since the first moment I saw you! Capitan, do you think we're mad?"
And as the others marched away down the platform, Capitan vos Strass whispered three little words.
"Yes. Thank God!" 


THE END
More Tittles by Samantha David

Samantha David has also written two other books, both of which are available for download. She is also working on two more titles and hopes to publish them later this year. 

I Married a Pirate is a hysterically-funny, red-blooded romp around the Caribbean with Camilla and a man she met on the internet. Old, short, fat, and irascible, he's an unlikely hero, but are looks everything? And do swashbuckling, Errol Flynn-style pirates still exist in the modern world? Originally published by Myrmidon Books, this title has already been translated into Spanish and Italian and is available as a download and as a print title via all the usual outlets and websites. Be warned, the Pirate doesn't mind his manners or mince his words!

In the Doghouse is a softer story, set in shabby château in the French countryside where dogs find refuge with a woman who truly loves them. There's room for everyone; children, horses, cats and strays all end up in Rosie's kitchen. But along comes a spoiled, handsome, dissipated film star. He drinks, he seduces, he makes off-colour comments. How on earth is he going survive life without a helipad, a weekly orgy and scrambled egg-whites for breakfast? And what about Spike? Is there room for both of them In the Doghouse? This title is only available as a download.

Samantha is currently working on a novel set at the seaside. There's a donkey called Achilles, a very fat tabby cat, some chickens, a wife who has been goaded into fury, two cheese-and-chalk daughters, a bunch of hippies in a VW camper van, a Viking-style boat-burning, and a hero, washed up on the beach after a storm. People who have read all three of Samantha David's books can ask to receive free chapters of the new book as it is being written, and to give feedback on its progress. If you would be interested in doing this, get in touch!
CHAPTER ONE of I Married a Priate



Sunday Night
Dear Philippa 
I married a pirate.
Well, that’s the short explanation, but I owe you more than just four words. I know I do. You've been so brilliant... Look, he was one of my Internet men. I had dozens of them when I lived in France. It was just a late night hobby, emailing nonsense to virtual lovers all over the globe. It’s the sort of thing you do when you’re as sad and pathetic as I was.
The twins were still little then and I was cursing all men and endlessly struggling to make ends meet. Sounds a bit dire now, but that's how it was and I wasn’t alone. The hills were alive with the sound of domestic discord. Every second mother I knew was singing the same song: I got kids, But no cash, Cos Romeo, Done buggered off and left me for his sodding secretary/personal assistant/plumber. 
Between the lot of us, we could only muster about one part-time bloke. Two on a good day.
Anyway, I escaped from all this dire-ness by exchanging emails with Internet men. You know the sort of thing: "Hello kevikof4637, my day was truly dreadful, how was yours?"
Most of them replied: "Very busy at work today, out playing squash tonite". 
But PirateXXX used to ask me why my day had been so awful, and then come back with: "Don’t panic, the kids are fine, you are wonderful mother, don’t worry about roof and above all don’t answer letters from tax office. Then they don’t know if you exist or not." (That piece of advice actually worked too.)
He said he lived on a traditional pirate’s ship - a 60-foot ketch; double-masted, iron-hulled, equipped with powerful engines as well as sails, radios, global positioning system, electronic charts, radar, computers and generators.
I tell you, Philippa, it’s a fabulous boat. There are berths and seating for a dozen people, a large galley, showers, lavatories, teak decks and railings, canvas shades rigged against the sun. He keeps her riding at anchor just off a small Caribbean island because she’s too big to sail single-handed. If he wants to go somewhere, he either takes his speedboat or gets someone to fly him. 
Oh, she is beautiful, all polished teak and white sails - a real dream boat - unlike the Pirate, who is about as dreamy as a shark.
“Where’s yr man?” he demanded.
Me. Well, I've always been alone, apart from those few short months with... but you know, I got pregnant by accident and the minute he realised that an abortion was out of the question, he bogged off prontissimo. I haven’t seen him since, and I don’t suppose he even knows that it turned out to be twins. Charming, huh?
“The last great romantic,” remarked the Pirate. “Where you living?”
“In somebody else’s joke,” I replied sourly.
“Not a tent?”
“That would be luxury. Where do you live?”
“On the Sun,” he typed. That’s what he called his pirate ship: the Sun. His personal speedboat is called the Venus, and the rest of his fleet - various other smaller speedboats, a collection of yachts and a handful of catamarans - have matching celestial names: Mars, the Moon, etc. 
He doesn’t actually fly the Jolly Roger, but believe me, he has a fine selection of dodgy flags to hoist aloft and neither his fleet nor anything else is respectably registered. Because he's a pirate.
Oh God, Philippa. I know! It sounds crazy and no, I’ve never gone in for bodice-heaving or leaping about with a dagger between my teeth. Nor has he, actually. He doesn’t sit in crow’s nests, or slide down ropes or swing from chandeliers. He doesn’t look anything like Errol Flynn: he isn’t dashing or handsome or sexy. He doesn’t have flashing eyes or a smile that would amuse Queen Victoria, and he certainly won’t ever turn out to be the wronged son of a noble count or the dashing defender of the poor and oppressed. 
He’s not that sort of pirate. He makes furious sweaty phone calls rather than swinging from the rigging. Frankly, he’s short, fat, old and irascible. 
What’s more, he’s as amoral as a cat on heat. He steals, cheats and kidnaps and he only ever does what he wants. He’s never motivated by honour or duty. Duty! He doesn’t have any duties. He doesn’t pay any either. He doesn’t give a flying fish about obligations. He runs his personal empire, increases his wealth, and for the rest, unless it’s fun, he shrugs his shoulders and lets it fall overboard.
I bet you’re wondering why I fell for him, then? Oh, I don’t know. He was fun. He was carefree and optimistic and had answers for all my problems; he made me feel that life wasn’t that hard after all. I thought he understood me. I felt I'd finally found a soul mate. Ah well. At least he emailed regularly.
“What about you? Where you living? Tell me,” he ordered.
The house was in the mountains, which seemed okay when I first got there. It would. I didn’t notice the leaky roof when I bought the place. Because I was pregnant, that's why. Just bursting with hormones and daydreams. And having been born in Paris myself, for some insane reason I thought it would be romantic to have my baby in France. 
So I bought the house by cashing in my share of the flat in London - that was from when I was working for the record company - intending to do it up, bask in the sun, learn how to cook and occasionally teach piano in order to pay for the Ambre Solaire. 
As you know, it didn’t work out like that. For one thing it rained constantly, and for another I didn’t have a baby, I had twins.
“What about yr family? Don’t they help?” he snapped.
I didn’t reply to that one. I wasn’t ready to tell him all that stuff. I mean, I hate people being sympathetic about my mother. She was killed in a road accident when I was twelve. But I told you about that, didn't I? 
Anyway, I got packed off to boarding school and at the time I thought the world had ended. I hated my mother for dying, I hated my father for sending me away and I hated everyone else just for good measure. But you know, what else was Daniel supposed to do? He's a musician. He travels all the time. So what do you expect? My mother was dead. I was in boarding school. My father found someone else. Of course he did. 
I know what it’s like on the road, on tour, gigging in Hamburg, playing sessions in Madrid. I know because Muma and me travelled everywhere with him until the accident. The only people I ever knew when I was growing up were other musos, opera singers, theatre people... I mean, even me, I’ve always worked in the music business one way or another and so has everyone I’ve ever known. 
Perhaps that’s why when the Pirate sailed into my life and dropped anchor, he didn't seem so outrageous to me. He wasn’t a musician, but he wasn’t from civvy street either. I felt at home with him. He made me laugh. 
What was I saying? Oh yes, I hate having to explain everything to outsiders, people who can’t understand. People who tut and look shocked. You know, even when I had the twins and settled down, I was living on such a tightrope that people still used to give me pitying looks. So when the Pirate first asked me about my family, I didn’t trust him not to be sorry for me. I mean, I hardly knew him then. Anyway, I didn’t reply.
Two days later he emailed again. “What? You got no family? They all dead? I gotta dead sister. Fell down the stairs. Tell me.”
So I told him the whole boring saga and he wasn’t in the slightest bit sympathetic. “What? Ain’t you got no friends?” he complained. So I told him about Nickie.
My mate Nickie. We met just after the twins were born. Shell-shocked and exhausted on my way home from the French maternity unit, I staggered into the chemist clutching a prescription running into three pages of A4 and there she was, with a toddler screaming on her lap and a wet dog panting at her feet. 
When she saw me with the two newborns stuffed into one pram and the rain streaking down my face and the fag I’d forgotten to drop on the pavement outside, she laughed. In fact, she had hysterics: wheezed and coughed, hacked away, thumping her chest, squashing her toddler and intermittently apologising. 
All around us, sedate French matrons were raising their eyebrows and tucking their chins into their collars. They take babies very seriously in France. The chemist wasn’t amused either, and catching his eye suddenly I collapsed into overdue hysterics as well.
Nickie is a painter, and she'd toshed in her office job to come to France and concentrate on her art. 
“Bloody hell!” said the Pirate. “Don't you know no-one normal?”
"Well, if you think she's mad, it's lucky you don't know Fiona,” I typed back. “I mean Nickie's practically bourgeois, she’s so organised compared to Fiona."
“Who the fuck’s she?”
Well, she was Nickie's friend really, but she was way more outrageous than us. I mean for example, Fiona didn’t have special men, boyfriends or husbands, that sort of man. She just had Guys - a succession of mucky, sulky, black-eyed gypsies strutting about her caravan in colourful neckties with pockets full of weed. And a goat. 
In fact, I think she’s still got the goat. No, don’t laugh, Philippa. I’m not joking, she had a pet goat. A stinky mottled creature with broken horns and mad eyes. It ranged around head-butting old ladies in the daytime, but it slept in the caravan at night. Probably even slept in her bed. No, not shagging her! Just farting and trampling and eating the sheets. That sort of goaty type thing that goats do. You know? No, no. I know. You haven’t ever shared a caravan with a goat.
Anyway, so there we were, the three of us, all English, all stranded in southern France. Me, Nickie, and Fiona; all of us with kids, none of us with two centimes to rub together and only Fiona with some sort of male to call her own, even if she did call him Billy.
“Jesus Christ,” swore the Pirate. “Fucking crazy Englishwomen...”
Although I think Nickie was still married then. Not to the father of her kids, to some sex-crazed hunk she met years before and never quite got round to divorcing. Or had he divorced her by then and simply forgotten to let her know? Can't remember. Anyway, she was sort of married. Not that it did her much good.
Not that anything would have done us any good at that point. You have to remember, we were hormonally challenged and deeply disappointed women. To us, men were just fathers who didn’t pay maintenance, hopeless cases who turned up demanding food and alcohol, dickheads who could empty a bank account faster than a bar and drank whisky with all meals including breakfast... yep, all in all just Standard Issue Class A Bastards.
All except the Pirate. He wasn't a bastard. In fact, he quickly became my best friend. Apart from Nickie, of course. I could rely on him to laugh at the same things as me and he sent silly cartoons and jokes. He saw the funny side of life, however black it got.
Because apart from poverty and parenthood, we did have comedy. We had lots of that. Addictive, bittersweet comedy, as soft and black as the night. Like when Nickie cut her chin open splitting logs and couldn’t go to the clinic because she didn’t have the cash. 
Me and Fiona had gone over to help cut last year’s Christmas cards into new ones, and there she was, rain-soaked and red-faced, with blood pouring from the gash on her chin and the dog going potty trying to lick it off her t-shirt, and Fiona accused her of trying to dye her clothes on the cheap. 
For a split second I thought Fiona’s life was worthless, but then Nickie choked and we all cracked up. Again.
We stumbled indoors and Fiona cobbled a sweet corn omelette together for the collective kids present while Nickie found cotton wool, bathed her chin and realised she needed stitches. Needless to say none of us had health insurance, so in the end Nickie got her chin sewn up with rough blue string by the vet. 
He owed her a favour because she’d taken a litter of kittens off his hands in the summer, but he was afraid someone might see through the kitchen window so having given Nickie a whole handful of useless canine painkillers he did it really quickly, leaving her literally in stitches but trying not to laugh because it hurt too much. 
Between hoots she begged me and Fiona to shut up, but we couldn’t stop because we were both in the same boat. We all had string in our chins one way or another, and that was about all we did have. None of us had a bean. Blimey, we didn’t even have purses, we were so broke. 
About a week later when she had to get the stitches out, Nickie went off to find the vet again. Obviously she daren’t go to anyone else. But the vet had taken fright and wouldn't have anything to do with it so she had to take the stitches out herself. She says she couldn’t keep her hands steady for laughing because it was all so awful. Which is why she still has faint blue lines under her skin: she didn’t get all the string out. 
So after that if anyone started moaning, we used to chorus "and I’ve still got string in my chin". But mostly we only moaned from laughing too much. 
Apart from anything else, we loved being in France. We were addicted to it, to the beauty of the mountains, the poetry of the ancient villages, the rhythm of traditional village life, the warmth of the sun, the colour of the sky.
We were living our dreams.
But I digress. That was my life, and that was why I had the Internet men. I mean apart from the poverty I was too busy with the kids to bother with a real man - even if there’d been one on the horizon, which there wasn't. So I used to flirt with and fantasise about a bunch of unknown strangers. At least that way I wouldn’t get pregnant again or find myself facing an irate Frenchwoman wielding a ham-knife. In Cyberland, even the Pirate seemed safe.
But gradually the other Internet men fell by the wayside. They were boring compared to him. I got into the habit of emailing him constantly; to pass on the gossip, bitch about the neighbours, complain about the kids, gloat over my small successes, and drone on about the washing machine packing up, and the house being so glacial all winter. 
And he used to come back with all sorts of advice on how to chop wood without amputating your chin, how to mend an oven door with a tin opener, and what to say to morons who asked if I liked being on holiday all the time. He also offered to shoot people I didn’t like and it wasn’t long before he offered to send me tickets so I could visit him in the Caribbean. He emailed every day. Sometimes twice a day.
"Come here and let me look after you. I send tickets."
He said he'd lived in the Caribbean for twenty-five years and had a business there - something to do with yachts and T-shirts. And he claimed to have pots and pots of the folding stuff and swore that he wanted nothing better than to squander it on me. Because I am blonde of course. And thin. He saw that from the photo I sent him. 
When he got it, he instantly emailed: "You are too thin. You need me to look after you, come and live on my ship with me. I love you."
I emailed back immediately: "Cut the crappy lurve-stuff. You've never even met me." 
So he sent me pictures of his Caribbean island and his boat, and the beaches, and asked yet again if I would go and see him - just for a holiday, no strings attached. I mailed back and said no, I couldn’t possibly drag my kids halfway across the globe and anyway I haven’t got the money and he declared that money was nothing more than a psychological phenomenon. 
"If you wanted money, you’d have it," he said. "Think about that.”
Well, I suppose he was right. I didn't earn much because I refused to work during the twins' school holidays, which meant I was constantly scrubbing about teaching piano to the local kids instead of getting a proper full-time job at the sweet factory like all the other mothers.
I didn't really want to discuss that though, so I told him about the French countryside and what it was like to find a bolt-hole from the rat race, and he said he’d done the same thing when he ran away to sea and washed up in the Caribbean.
You see, Philippa! That's what I fell for. He just understood. He never said stuff like "Oh, aren’t you brave?” or "I don’t know how you cope," or "Don’t you ever get bored living out there on your own?"
He told me tall tales about his life and his adventures at sea and sometimes he’d just write nonsense to cheer me up.
"Darling woman, let me take you in my arms, let me smooth away all your cares... my day was boring too, I had to shoot a robber off the deck of my ship, but now I take you in my arms and together we enter paradise."
His emails warmed and cheered me. He was encouraging and positive, and he made me laugh. He was my refuge. I used to log on every night after the kids were in bed knowing there’d be at least one email waiting for me, knowing that he would offer proper advice and if all else failed, offer to shoot all the Standard Issue Class A Bastards in my life. 
He sent jokes, flirted outrageously and incessantly begged me on virtual bended knee to visit him. 
"Stop wasting your time with those fuckers and come here. I promise to make you happy," he said. "No strings attached. Just come, I am rich man, I send you ticket." 
So in the end I closed up the house in France and caught the bus. The twins were about 10 years old then, and I told myself that they were the main reason I went. They’d been ill all summer with a series of childish stomach upsets and I convinced myself that a Caribbean holiday would put them back on their feet. 
Don’t bother telling me I’m crazy. I know that. It just seemed like a good idea at the time - I had itchy feet and, of course, I was already at least half in love with the Pirate. Not that I would admit it. I mean look what happened last time. Twins and no twin tub.
I’ll skip the flight, Philippa. You know what it was like, anyway. Long, boring, dehydrating and exhausting. Still, we weren’t delayed, no-one was sick and the boys enjoyed going off to the cockpit to meet the Captain. Yes, in those days you could still do that...
When we arrived at the airport - and no, I’m not going to identify any of the places I’m talking about - that would be madness - when we arrived in the Caribbean, the arrivals lounge was heaving with the usual mix of exhausted passengers jostling with taxi-drivers, families meeting travellers, layabouts, crooks, officials, rich bitches, foreign holiday makers, hawkers, madmen, nutters, and... well, us. Having collected our luggage (one battered suitcase that I’d borrowed from Nickie), hauled it onto a trolley and shoved our way through customs, I hadn’t the faintest idea where to go or what to do, so I just stood in the arrivals hall waiting to see what would happen. 
The arrangement had been that the Pirate would meet us off the flight but, gazing at the mass of people writhing around us like eels in a fish tank, it was obvious that he hadn’t come. 
I was stranded, I hadn’t a bean in my pocket, knew absolutely no-one, and felt sure that Air France would refuse to change the tickets and fly us straight home. Unless I could find a bar somewhere with a piano but no pianist, we would be doomed to stay in the airport for two whole weeks scrounging for leftovers in airport bins and sleeping on our beach towels behind the vending machines.
The boys were beginning to whine too, which made it worse. I lifted the hair off my shoulders and smiled encouragement at them. I’d nicked a substantial number of mini-bottles of wine off the trolley in the plane and they clanked comfortingly in my bag. I made some sort of joke to amuse the kids and wondered how long I could make my stolen wine last. 
"Hey, you Camille?"
I turned my head and found myself looking at a man whose resemblance to the pictures he’d emailed was zip, zilch, nada. Non-existent. 
The photos had shown a laughing brown face with flashing eyes and a mop of chestnut hair atop a strong bull neck and a massive, powerful torso. This man was pot-bellied, pallid and covered in liver spots. He was wearing a sweat-stained shirt, dreadful shorts and ancient espadrilles. His hair was greying and since the photo was taken it must have receded faster than the tide because there was hardly any of it left. 
The twins shrank behind my skirt, asking, “Mummy, is this the Pirate?”
Blimey. Trust kids to spit it out un-chewed. But he was unfazed. His eyes flashed amusement at me and he ruffled the kids’ hair.
"That’s me. I’m the Pirate," he said looking straight through my eyes into my brain. "Not what you expected, huh?"
A seriously global understatement. After a year of chatting and flirting and being infatuated with a man who had talked, advised and joked his way into becoming my lifeline, I was horrified. He was so far from anything I’d expected, so ugly, so tatty and revolting. He didn’t even look clean.
The hair rose on my scalp. What the hell was I to do? I mean there I was, and there he was, and I just knew I couldn’t spend more than ten seconds in his company without being sick. So I did the bourgeois thing: denied it, claimed I was tired after the flight, apologised for being stupid, said I had a headache, we were just hungry...
He raised his eyebrows and shrugged. "I don-cair," he said. "Is no problem," and he seized the handle of the trolley. We followed him. Well, what else could we do? I mean, what else would you have done? And don’t give me any crap about credit cards or ringing Muthar. I didn’t have those options. I told you, Muma died. Anyway, the guy was just an old fat slob. He wouldn’t be a problem.   
I grabbed the boys and hurried after him. As he surged through the automatic airport doors ahead of us, the August heat rose up like a hot sponge, flung itself at our faces and clung to our skins. It was late at night but there wasn’t a breath of air and within minutes we were drenched to the skin and sweating. Finding the car in the dark seemed to take an eternity, the night cracking as palm trees laboured to stay upright in the heat, and faces looming in and out of focus all around us. But finally he unlocked a dusty red Clio, flung the suitcase into the boot, and piled the boys into the back. We got in and sat side by side like yesterday’s sardines in a jacuzzi. He rammed the ignition key into the starter and twisted it impatiently. 
The heat was intense, and even worse when the engine sputtered into life because it fanned hot air into our faces. I fumbled around to wind the window down. 
"Dondo vat!" 
"I’m so hot..."
"Wait for la fuckin cleem." His English was fractured, even more so than in his emails, and mixed up with bits of other languages, mainly Greek and French garnished with shreds of Italian. "La clim" is air conditioning and although it sounds weird to say it now, it was the first time I’d come across an air-conditioned car. You have to remember I’d spent ten years with no running hot water, cutting logs for the stove before I could start cooking, and wearing "un jogging" in bed over my pyjamas. 
I fell in love instantly. No, not with Mr Vomit. Not even with the Caribbean or the bloody car. With "la clim". I could hardly believe that such luxury existed, such control over our personal environment. It made me want to laugh and laugh.
I gazed out of the window at scrub grass caught in the headlights, at a murky, sulky sky, great scuds of cloud lurking in front of a dull, moody moon. I gazed at any bloody thing so that I wouldn’t have to look at the pale plump hands strangling the steering wheel beside me. In his turn the Pirate kept up a prize-winning stream of muttered abuse and obscenity about the car, the roads, the heat and every other driver on the planet: no hesitation, no repetition, no deviation, and he kept it up for well over 20 minutes. Glancing over my shoulder, I could see by their wide-open eyes that the twins were deeply impressed. 
The Pirate mangled his way down to a marina which looked like a Disney film set. The whole scene was lit by thousands of tiny glimmering fairy lights, the palm trees were cunningly floodlit, and the reflections danced gaily in the gentle waves. The buildings were covered in ice cream coloured clapboard (vanilla, strawberry and pistachio), the glittering water lapped at white stonework, and shiny chains looped into golden wooden posts to prevent you tumbling into the inky drink. Stunned, the boys trotted ahead with me calling feebly after them not to fall in.
"Leave them, give them some space," said the Pirate. "They’re okay."
He took my arm just above the elbow and steered me onto a terrace overlooking the water where tables were laid with flowers and candles and menus. We sat down opposite each other and I hid behind a menu. I didn’t agree that the boys were okay, teetering about on the edge of a bottomless pit, but short of starting a stand-up argument there wasn’t much I could do about it and in any case, within minutes the twins had come rushing back and clung round the table.
"Can we have chips?"
"Can we have ice-cream?"
"Can I have one of those, Mum?" pointing at a towering knicker-bocker glory being demolished at a neighbouring table.
"Er, I don’t know, I’ll see... perhaps if..."
"Yes, you have anything. Order what you like! Camille! Your fucking sons! Give them a break!"
Coming straight after his award-winning swear-fest in the car, they were instantly seduced and I had to swallow back a snappy retort. They looked so happy, their matching faces lit up with enthusiasm and joy, that it was impossible to argue. It was also impossible to correct his pronunciation of my name. Camilla, not Camille pronounced the French way. Milly if you insist, but absolutely definitely not Cam-mee. It smacks of soap scum to me. 
Meanwhile the Pirate had ordered mountains of food. Shellfish and salad and chips and chicken wings and milk shakes and a dish of stewed vegetables and a bottle of chilled white wine. Don’t ask me what it was, I know nothing about wine, but it was wonderful: dry, cold, light, almost perfumed, and incredibly intoxicating. 
What the hell. The boys’ eyes lit up, they could barely contain themselves when they saw all this food being loaded on to the table. They sat there gazing at the dishes and shooting incredulous glances at me - and the Pirate got cross again. He’s a bad-tempered man.
"Well, what you doing? Mangez! Eat! For Christsake, Camille, what you been feeding dees piccolo uomini? You do feed them don’t you? Hey, you, have some chicken, put your fork down, eat with your fingers, and you, whatsyername, take chips!" He piled their plates up and turned to me, waving the serving spoons like cutlasses.
"And you. You eat, too. You too fuckin thin," he complained.
So we ate. And drank, and ate more. In fact I think he was secretly impressed by our ability to dispose of all food within our reach. Not that he showed it. He was more irritable than anything else, hectoring and lecturing on child welfare and shouting at the staff for more fried fish, more bread, more ice cream, more chocolate sauce, and take this away they don-lie-kit.
Drugged with excess calories, knocked out by a long haul flight and ten gallons of wine... don’t ask me what happened next. Did he pay that bill or did he slam an axe into the table before we left? Or was it more of a wink and a handshake? I don’t know. He doesn’t pay restaurant bills, I can tell you that much. Not in cash, at the time, I mean. If he pays them at all, he pays them off in kind; in favours, in protection, in all sorts of nefarious ways. Even now, I’m not entirely clear about all his dealings. The loan of the Clio was definitely a favour though, as were our hotel rooms. 
They were air conditioned too, and we had a marble bathroom. Our room had two double beds in it; one for me, one for the boys. He had a room somewhere else. Don’t ask me where. Probably in an even posher bit of the hotel - because although I’d never seen such luxury in my entire life at that time, for the Caribbean it was just the standard stuff. You know, tourist hotel with balcony and bathroom. All these places have air conditioning and marble bathrooms. A far cry from the flophouses, fleapits and theatrical digs of my childhood.
I woke up in the morning with the most sinister headache. The boys were sprawled fully dressed but fast asleep across their double bed, and through the thin filmy white curtains was a breath-taking view of an emerald sea sparkling beyond a pale gold beach surrounded by flowers, lawns and palm trees. Frankly I could hardly believe my eyes. After years of looking out at glowering mountains, rain clouds and muddy piles of firewood needing to be chopped, the whole paradise scenario took my breath away. I rolled over and groped for my bag desperately seeking painkillers, and the boys woke up.  
They didn’t have indigestion, tummy-ache or sinister hangovers. They weren’t even tired. Jetlag has always been unknown to them. They still don’t suffer from it and they’re constantly on and off long-haul flights. Luckily they're just like my father. 
Anyway, I was knackered, disorientated, over-heated and generally functioning on about one cylinder. Everyone else was insanely cheerful. There was swimming in a kidney-shaped pool, a nauseating buffet breakfast including an entire plastic lobster, several all too real roast hams, a lake of exotic fruit juice and a Cheshire Cat chef dishing up anaemic fried eggs on toast. 
The whole thing was laid out in a room the size of a football pitch. The boys made a spirited attempt to clear the entire buffet whilst the Pirate drank several large Pernods and ordered vast quantities of melon ice cream, which he then didn’t eat. ("No, take it off! They don-lie-kit!") 
I swallowed more painkillers, stirred a muddy cup of tea and reminded myself to breathe in and out. The heat was intense, the light was blinding and the sight of so much food sitting on chafing dishes gently drying up reminded me of Nickie sitting at her kitchen table staring at a pile of wonky black carrots the day the banks went on strike and there was nothing left to eat and no gas to cook it on either.
Unlike me, Nickie had originally brought a man to France with her - not her husband, she’d already mislaid him somewhere - but the father of her kids. Trouble was, he pissed off to Hong Kong, ostensibly on a contract to sort out Toyota’s computers but in reality to ram coke up his nose and shag a grisly selection of Oriental prostitutes.
He used to come back to France from time to time; broke, exhausted and bearing gifts in the shape of head lice or genital infections. Naturally his fantastic earnings never made it back to Europe. Or if they did, Nickie never saw them. And eventually he pissed off completely. There wasn’t much she could do about it. 
Like me, she didn’t have the cash to go back to the UK even if she could have shoved her pride far enough down her gullet to do it. So she patched up the ceilings, painted abstracts, brought her kids up and talked to her dog, a black labrador called Max. Perhaps he was an Internet man substitute?
“Hey! Camille! Eat! Here, eat eggs!” The Pirate was making a spirited attempt to push a plate of fried eggs in front of me. I bared my teeth at him, smiled grimly and shook my throbbing head. Thank God, he desisted. 
Perhaps he realised how fragile I was, because after breakfast the boys were taken outside to swim in the pool under the supervision of a cheery hotel play-leader while I slept in the blissful luxury of our air-conditioned room. The Pirate disappeared - presumably to blackmail someone into giving us a flight. 
Because oh no. The journey wasn’t over. This large island with its tarmac roads, its phones and hotels, its air conditioning, hot water, acres of green lawn... this wasn’t our destination. Our immediate destination was an airstrip. Not the international airport of the night before, but a dusty airstrip staffed by one uniformed black hunk armed with a sub-machine gun, and inhabited by a collection of exhausted people in charge of vast amounts of shopping: a woman with a fridge in a crate, another with several suitcases containing rusty tins of Heinz soup (I know because Mr Uniform made her open the cases up) and a man in charge of a dodgy-looking teenager. There was a quantity of barbed wire, a small hut for shade, a tap that didn’t work and a selection of posters announcing things like "Ben Ja Shoe - We are caring always for your gentle feet - always!"
The Pirate left us there while he sat talking to a guy in a large black Ford, and then finally returned saying he’d cleared our visa problems, and could he have our passports. Visa problems? What visa problems? But we didn’t need visas. Well, that was wrong. We did need visas, because we were going to fly down to a tiny island which was officially in another country and then we would get in his speedboat and whiz out to his Pirate’s ship. 
I handed over the passports.
I know, I know, Philippa. You’d have whipped a handy mobile out of your bag and called Muthar or Gus, or someone. Or run a quick credit card check, or called a taxi and high tailed it to the nearest champagne bar or nail salon. Or possibly to the nearest Embassy. Well, I didn’t do any of that stuff. Frankly, I hardly thought twice. I just handed our passports over. How was I to know I’d never see them again? 
All I thought was that the sooner we were on a plane, the sooner we’d be back in an air-conditioned environment. I was tired, and not just from the effects of a trans-Atlantic flight, I was tired from ten years of struggling alone; from the boredom and repetition of endlessly hauling ash, changing nappies, buttering soldiers, boiling eggs, counting centimes, working nights, attempting to cook over a wood-fuelled stove, having no running hot water, and making sure it all seemed like a laugh to the boys. I don’t mean that exactly. I mean, living in France was a laugh but I was knackered. Exhausted to the pit of my stomach. All I wanted was air-conditioning, therefore I handed our passports over so that we could get in the plane. Because planes are air-conditioned.
How wrong can you get? The plane seated six, and must have been built in about 1935. There were two seats in the cockpit and four more faded yellow velvet seats facing each other in the back, with little ashtrays in the arm rests and rusty seat belts. You could have parked the whole thing inside a phone box and still have had room to throw a party. And as for air-conditioning, what do you need that for, when the bloody plane isn’t airtight in the first place and freezing cold air blows in from the cracks around the doors? Doors which don’t close properly. Jesus Christ.
The pilot was pissed and the doors had to be fastened with a piece of wire twisted round the missing lock. The boys were wildly excited. We were all clearly doomed to die in this terrible old crate and, although death by falling out of an antique plane hadn’t occurred to me before, I huddled back into the dull gold velvet and wondered whether it wouldn’t be easier to bypass the gut-wrenching suspense and simply jump into the spinning propellers. 
The Pirate sat up front beside the pilot and on the spare seat beside me sat a box, which I later found out contained most of the food we had failed to consume at breakfast. (The Pirate fed it to the tourists on one of his cruise boats the next day. Yes, of course with the exception of the melon sorbet. He’s not a total nutter - oh God, what am I saying? He is.)
I know you’re still wondering why I insist on calling him the Pirate - especially as his looks had nothing in common with one and he didn’t have a parrot. (Although of course, he did send me one. But that was later. A lot later.) But no, he doesn’t sail the seven seas with a flintlock in his belt, heaving to and attacking other ships. I don’t think he’s ever keelhauled anyone either, or made them walk the plank. And as for lashing people to the mast, well I have to admit, that turned out to be my speciality. But he is a Pirate. He just is!
It’s his attitude, his approach to life. I mean, the only reason he doesn’t board other ships is because he doesn’t feel like it. But take that day, for example. I mean, he simply couldn’t have bought tickets on the regular flight. In financial and practical terms he could have of course, but emotionally he absolutely could not have done it. That would have meant getting to an airport on time two days running, and that was simply inadmissible. 
"Fuck the bastards. Why should I leave when they say on a paper I have to leave? I’ll fucking leave when I wanna fucking leave. Anyway, this guy owes me a favour, so why should I go on the regular flight?" 
I understood what he meant. Apart from anything else, I expect BA would have chucked his box of leftovers onto the runway.
And then there was his equally uncompromising approach to visas, taxes, licences, banks, governments, laws, officials, customs, conventions, socially accepted behaviour, women, dogs, meals, and business... but that wasn’t all. He stole, he smuggled, he dealt with criminals and he kidnapped me. And if that doesn’t make him a pirate, then what does?
Forget the First World. Forget police stations, phones, credit cards, consuls, embassies, letters, and all the rest of the paraphernalia of modern life over here in Western Europe. Forget zero tolerance, law and order, judicial systems and solicitor’s advice. I didn’t know it then, but when I got into that plane I stepped into another world.
I stepped into a world where personal contacts count for more than civil status, where locals leave Europeans alone for fear of reprisals, where the Pirate had more money and therefore more control than anyone else, and where the nearest lawyer was 80kms and a three-hour boat ride away. I stepped into a world where my pale skin would get me into any luxy bar I fancied, but would also mark me out as the Pirate’s property and therefore unapproachable, untouchable. Certainly not someone you could befriend or help. Not that I knew it then. Perhaps just as well. 
I concentrated on making the boys sit down, and on doing up their seat belts (probably the first time they’d been used since 1945). Then I concentrated on ignoring the incredible noise the plane made, the terrifying vibrations and the sight of the pilot swigging yet more beer from a bottle as he shouted jokes at the Pirate who was counting a large roll of American dollars.
The flight wasn’t long, just over an hour, thank God, and our destination soon jiggled into sight over the edge of a large green mountain. We floundered over the ridges, swooped above a desiccated valley towards a golden beach, tottered across a series of corrugated iron shacks, wobbled down over a concrete bunker and flopped onto the landing strip only to accelerate towards a bed of sharp rocks tumbling into the sea. I closed my eyes.
"Mummy, we’re here! Look, look! Mummy, open your eyes! We’re safe! It’s all right, Mummy!"    
The pilot was already out of the plane and embracing a dusky lovely. The Pirate meantime was supervising the removal of his cardboard box and Nickie’s suitcase. (He’s way too fat to carry anything himself, and rarely even bothers to walk anywhere.) Sweat was rolling down his pulpy face as the twins followed him, nervously asking which of the ships they’d seen in the bay was his.
But they didn’t bother him, actually. He’s good with kids. He pointed his boat out and rolled off towards the concrete bunker with a boy hanging from each hand and me trailing along behind them feeling like a camel.
Oh, I don’t know, Philippa! I just felt like a camel. You know: bad tempered, flat-footed, shaggy and smelly, with stinky breath, foul yellow teeth and a definite hump. Don’t you ever feel... no. Oh well.
The island was small with only one main village huddled round the southern bay. It had a large quay at one end, various smaller jetties all along it and the airstrip where we landed was at the other end of the bay just below a point of land sticking out into the sea. Backing onto the bay were tangles of small rust-red shacks surrounding small cement houses with faded paint, large verandas and windows with no glass in them. The only area that looked at all built up was over towards the quay where there was a complex of low white buildings.
Thinking back on it, the Pirate was daunted. He was. I know he was, because he didn’t shout or rant. He sorted the officials out, sent the luggage off to the boat and took us to a restaurant in the complex. It was run by an efficient Frenchwoman called Marie-Rose, and this time there was no hectoring, no bullying, no raving about child-care. I ordered what I wanted and dealt with the boys while he sat and watched. There were no demands for more ice cream, no dizzying orders of fried fish or vegetable stew. 
We ate steaks with haricots verts and had fruit afterwards. He drank Pernod. I drank two glasses of red wine and took comfort in noticing that the bottle had come from our departement in France. A link with home, with sanity and normality.
Of course, I now know that this restraint on his part was a warning sign. But at the time I just thought that he was more relaxed on his home territory, assumed that he had a running tab at the restaurant and that his progress in speedboats was always inclined to be stately, because he was after all just an old guy. Ha!
Oh yes, you have to have a speedboat here. Well, some sort of little boat, anyway. The Pirate has a large selection and drives them all at top speed. Always. Everywhere. Apart from that one night. 
Cafes and restaurants shelter under the palm trees all along the seashore, and although a rough track winds along behind them, the easiest way to get around is by boat because most of the bars have little jetties where you can moor a speedboat or a dinghy.  
So after supper we walked down the jetty, climbed into the Venus, and he headed out slowly across the bay towards his ship. A great creaking monster lurking in the moonlight with two large masts, a quantity of varnished decking, and ropes everywhere. As we drew alongside it, the Pirate cut the engine and stood up so that he could throw a rope onto the small landing stage and ladder that was lashed to the side of the ship.
Wobbling and squeaking with delicious fright, the boys climbed up the ladder croaking "cool", with me behind them clucking "don’t fall in", and the Pirate biting his tongue. Normally that sort of maternal concern thing drives him totally spanner. You know, so rigid and silver-grey with fury that his mouth gapes open. But he behaved himself, merely showing us our cabins, and checking that Nickie’s suitcase was already neatly stowed away and our belongings were stacked into lockers.
I was far too tired and shell-shocked to notice anything. I had no idea of the time, I just wanted some peace and quiet. So I put the boys to bed in their little cabin and amazingly they didn’t complain. They didn’t even grumble. They just went, and within minutes they were asleep in their berths.
The inside of the boat was all made of varnished wood. You came down the stairs into a small room - which I soon learnt to call a large galley - with wooden kitchen units built in down one side, a large table bolted to the floor in the centre with fixed benches either side of it and lockers forming a sofa opposite the kitchen units. Under the stairs was a pair of outsize American fridges, and opposite was a small door leading to our cabins and bathroom, tucked inside the prow of the boat. Behind the stairs was a second door, this one leading to a workshop, a shower and a large space where the Pirate lounged on his bed and watched pornographic videos.
Up on the deck there were curious moon shapes nailed to the deck to catch rainwater, and squares of canvas rigged up to provide shade for the teak table and chairs set out more or less above our cabins. I sat there and gazed at the celestial lightshow.
The Pirate sat and stared at me as I stared at the moon, and after a while I stared at him and he stared at the moon, and then we stared at each other, and then I said "I’m going to bed" and he smiled at me, and I was about to try and tell him that he wasn’t... that I wasn’t... but I was too tired. So I just went, and he just let me go. 
Which was truly bizarre, although I didn't think so then.

To read the rest of I Married a Pirate, download it now!
CHAPTER ONE of In the Doghouse



Prologue

Sally tilted her leather office chair back and wiggled her toes. "Come on, darling," she wheedled down the phone. "Just for me? Pretty please?"
Over a thousand miles away, Rosie's heart sank. The last thing she wanted was a stranger in the house, hanging around, asking questions, upsetting the dogs. "What would a writer do here?" she said evasively.
"Write, of course. You're miles from anywhere..."
"45 minutes from Aix."
"Exactly. Lost in France. And that place of yours is huge; you've got twenty-five bedrooms dammit. You won't even notice him. It's ideal - isolated, quiet, no distractions. He'll have nothing else to do."  
"Most of those rooms are uninhabitable and it's not quiet here, Sally. The dogs..."
"Oh, darling!" Sally swivelled her chair so she could look out of the window at the people strolling over Waterloo Bridge. "They're only tiny likkle puppie wuppies!"
"They bark," said Rosie. "They howl. And there's Spike. He hates people, he tries to bite them. He's enormous; he's got big teeth." She sighed extra noisily. If it had been anyone else she would have hung up, but Rosie knew that wouldn't work with Sally. If she refused to discuss it, Sally was quite capable of turning up the next morning and dumping her horrible writer on the doorstep. So she pulled a despairing face at a scruffy white dog lying upside down on the sofa with her paws in the air, and sighed again, even more loudly. Dolly winked and panted back at her.
Utterly impervious, Sally went on pushing. "Look sweetie, the point is it's a perfect hideaway. No-one will know he's there, no-one will recognise..."
"What do you mean?" asked Rosie sharply, "no-one will recognise him? Don't tell me he's one of your bloody self-aggrandising film stars wanting daily massages and boiled egg whites?"
Sally stopped wiggling her toes, swivelled her chair back to the desk and sat up straight. "No, darling!  Absolutely not!" She tugged at her short, peroxide hair.  "I meant, um, where he lives obviously people know he's a writer so he er, people ask him how the book is going when he's trying to go shopping at... Woolworths!  So utterly distracting, darling." She could have kicked herself. Woolworths? Did it even still exist? She lit a cigarette.  
On the other end of the line, Rosie was also sitting bolt upright. "Oh really? And what kind of book is he writing? Not a Hollywood kiss-and-tell, by any chance?"
Sally shook her head until her earrings rattled. "Darling! As if I would! No! Oh come on, Rosie! Anyway he doesn't live in Hollywood. He lives here in London.  He's a neighbour of ours as a matter of fact." She held her immaculately manicured fingers up in front of her and inspected them carefully, loving the expensive kidney-red polish. "Would I lie to you?"  There was silence. She dropped her voice to an intimate caress. "Sweetie... just give him a chance?" All that earned her was an unresponsive grunt, so she went on, "He really needs this break, poor thing. He's divorced you know and so lonely."
"You're making it worse."
"No! You're wrong! He's not looking for anyone. I mean, he won't bother you."
"Oh? Really? And why is that?" Rosie was fast losing her temper. 
Sally had already lost hers. She crammed her cigarette into the ashtray and reached for the gin bottle in the filing cabinet under her desk. "I mean," she said, hastily unscrewing the top, "because he's gay!"
"He's divorced and gay?"
"Same sex marriage, darling. Get with the programme." Sally took a large swig of Gordon's straight from the bottle. Rosie really could be impossibly obtuse at times.
"So he'll want to re-arrange all the furniture?"
Rosie swallowed and choked. "No, I told you he's a writer. And he's gay of course, but he doesn't do furniture because... he's short-sighted. Practically blind... not aesthetically aware at all, lives in his own world... won't even notice the furniture." That bit at least was true. "Come on, Rosie. For Christsake, say yes."
"Why should I do that?"
"Because I smuggled that horrible dog back from Italy for you."
"But that was 25 years ago! We were just kids."
"And if we'd been caught, I could have gone to jail.  Stop saying "but" - I could have been locked up, my parents would have gone mad, and I don't even like dogs."
"You were heroic."
"And now I need a favour in return. No danger, no prison, no police, no international smuggling. Just a harmless little writer spending a few weeks chez toi finishing his book." Sally took another swig of gin. "Is that too much to ask? Considering the scar that I still have on my leg?"
"You don't!"
"Livid and puckered, my dear."
Rosie heaved a sigh. "I wish I'd never answered the phone," she moaned.
"Darling! I knew you wouldn't let me down," said Sally, lighting another cigarette and breathing a huge sigh of relief. She put the bottle down. "Right. Now. His name is er, Bernard. Let me find my pen, ah, yes here we are..."
"What? Bernard? Nobody's called Bernard!"
"Michael Bernard. You wouldn't have heard of him.  He writes specialist books, you know. Factual stuff on, er, Roman china. Very boring and dull. He'll be arriving on Tuesday, I'm sure I can arrange an early morning flight."
Rosie sighed heavily. "Which airport?" she droned. "I suppose he wants collecting? What time?"
"No, that's all right." Sally said, realising that it wasn't the moment to mention a private plane.  "He, er, I'm arranging transport. He'll make his own way from the airport in a hired car," she said. "I should think he'll be with you sometime between lunch and supper."
"Oh goodie.  I'll spend the afternoon loitering at the lodge gates."
"Perfect!"
Rosie rolled her eyes. "I've got nothing else to do." 
But the shaft went wide. "I'll send you a cheque to cover expenses," said Sally crisply. "Don't argue. Rather you than the taxman, dearest."
"I don't need a hundred quid, Sally. The state I'm in it's not going to make any difference..."
"Oh I think we can probably stretch to more than that," drawled Sally, screwing the top back on the gin. "How about a couple of grand to start with? I'll arrange a transfer this afternoon. You do have an IBAN number don't you, or do you have to be paid in little lumps of muddy gold?"
Rosie choked. "A couple of grand? Are you..? What?" She was just short of 3,000 euros to finish paying the annual property taxes on the château. If Sally was serious, the taxe foncière nightmare would be over for another year. 
"For God's sake Rosie. I know you're broke and honestly, I'll just write it off as a business expense. It's nothing. Let's make it three. But I really do need you to put up with this guy; you don't have to train him or groom him or do whatever it is you do with all those ghastly canines. Just find him a room and feed him from time to time. And try and keep him sober, OK?"
"Sally, you don't know how much this..."
"Shut up. Just listen."
Rosie stopped trying to speak and started nodding. Her head was spinning. Finally putting the phone down, she looked up at her daughter who was flicking her hair and making impatient signals in the doorway.
"Hello darling," said Rosie, feeling numb with relief. "You home from school already?"
Larrie was twirling a thick strand of her long hair round her fingers and trying to look angelic. "Can I go out, Mummy?"
"Riding? No. Do your homework."
"Mummy! No, please! There's no point anyway." Larrie stamped impatiently. "Horses don't speak German!"
"Viennese Lipizzaners do. Go on, get a move on."
"Who was that on the phone?"
"Your godmother, Sally. She's sending one of her writers to stay with us."
Larrie seized on the information with glee. (Any excuse to delay her impending fate.) "Because you owed her a blood bond?" she said, with gleaming eyes. She flicked her long hair over her shoulder and advanced on her mother, menacing her with an imaginary dagger.
"No, just a favour." 
"Ah ha! Blackmail! If you refused, she'd sell incriminating photographs of you naked on the beach." Larrie leaned over the desk and breathed noisily.
"Naked photos of me! I should cocoa! Get off!"
"What about when you went skinny-dipping with Caro and nearly drowned? Someone might have been taking photos!" Larrie sniggered and sat on the desk, sending a drift of papers flapping onto the floor.
"He needs somewhere to write and in return Sally's paying the foncière."
"She is! What, all of it?" 
"No, that would be mad. I already paid about half of it. But whatever. Anyway, he's coming on Tuesday."
"I bet he's hiding out from Interpol!"
"You monkey," said Rosie but she wasn't really listening. She was already mentally sorting sheets looking for a pair that weren't torn, mended or stained. "Go and do your homework. And pick up all those papers."
"So who is he, then? Is he a maniac?" Larrie was dancing round the room, laughing at her own wit. "Is he going to burn the place down in the middle of the night? Will I have to tie my sheets together and escape out of my bedroom window? He'd better not try riding Sobie or I'll kill him with an exploding ruler."
Rosie laughed. "You've been reading too many adventure stories! He's no-one. Just some lame-duck writer friend of Sally's. She always seems to have at least one of them on her books. Like all agents, I suppose. I shouldn't think he'll want to go riding. Apparently he's withdrawn, half-blind, divorced, gay and only interested in Roman coins."
"So what does an agent do, exactly?"
Rosie laughed. Larrie was so transparently wasting time, eagerly trying to strike up any old conversation just to avoid having to get down to work. "German homework, mostly," she said, shaking her finger in Larrie's face. "Go on, skedaddle!"
Disgusted, Larrie stamped off to her bedroom and Rosie, instead of going out to exercise the dogs, stayed at her desk gazing into mid-distance. Eyeing her from the comfortably collapsing sofa, Dolly yawned and put her head on her paws. No walkies yet.
Rosie's gaze wandered over the bookcases untidily stuffed with every book ever written on canines, to the fireplace painted crazy ice cream colours by Chris when he was about Larrie's age. She looked at the thick curtains, the sofas and armchairs, the side tables, the sheepskin rugs, the flowers and jugs and general cosy clutter of her favourite room, and wondered what it might be like to share it. Not with her children, but with another adult.
Obviously no-one would put up with the fireplace. That paint would all have to be stripped off and the wood underneath polished. She'd have to sort out all her books. And what if the person had asthma? The sheepskin rugs, the feather cushions, the dusty pelmets, and crocheted rugs would all have to be replaced.
She shook her head. She wasn't being asked to share her study with anyone at all. Sally was merely sending a writer to sit in a guest room and fiddle about with a typewriter - and luckily it was still early September so she could put him in the east wing without having to worry about heating. 
He could have the yellow bedroom. It had its own bathroom if she could find the key to the connecting door. She would have to ask Chris to help her put a bigger table in there so he could write. He'd probably have loads of papers. And he'd probably want internet so Chris would have to make sure there was wifi over there too. She wondered how Spike would take to a new man in the household.
Dolly's beady black eyes gleamed and she yawned, deliberately making a noise like a rusty hinge. She pushed her front paws forwards, her tongue curled out of her little pink mouth and she stretched her fluffy bottom into the air, all the time staring fixedly at Rosie. 
"All right! I'm coming!" said Rosie getting to her feet. "Never get any peace," she muttered, stamping towards the door. "Always someone..."
Trotting at her side, Dolly wagged happily - after walkies it would be time for din-dins.

Chapter One

"So Muma, what's this I hear about a writer?" said Chris, passing his plate over. "One of Aunt Sally's young boy protégés, is he? Why does she want to send him here?"
"He's a murderer and he's on the run from the law," said Larrie waving her fork at her older brother. "His pockets are full of blood and he walks the ramparts when the moon is full..."
"Don't talk such nonsense, and take that salad out of your pocket," said Rosie. "I've told you before, you're not to filch food off the table for that wretched horse. Now eat up, and stop telling stories about the poor man." She tore a chunk off a stale baguette. 
"Poor, is he? Hasn't he got any money either?" said Larrie, obediently pulling a large and very crumpled lettuce leaf out of her pocket and putting it back on her plate. "I thought all Sally's gang were rich."
"He can't be that rich," said Rosie. "Or else why is he coming here? I mean if he was rich he'd go to some posh hotel in Paris or Nice, wouldn't he? In fact, I don't know exactly why Sally was so keen to send him here. She knows it's a mess. Perhaps it was just her way of doing me a favour?"
"She's paying the foncière," Larrie told Chris. "As a bribe. Because he's a bandit. On the run. From the mafia."
"Sally says he's intellectual, weedy, into stamps or something," said Rosie. "Apparently he has impaired sight too, so you mustn't leave stuff around. Especially not on the stairs, or he'll break his arm and we'll never get rid of him. And don't make fun of him either. He's sensitive. What's the betting he gets sunburn?"
"What does that mean?" said Chris. "Sensitive? You mean he's gay?"
"Well he's not riding Sobie!" said Larrie, quickly shoving a lump of dry bread into her pocket. "I don't care how sensitive he is!"
"Better make sure Spike doesn't take a dislike to him," said Chris. "Or you'll have a lawsuit on your hands."
Hearing his name, Spike lifted his massive, scarred face off his paws, sat up and nudged Rosie's elbow with his huge wet nose. She absent-mindedly gave him a piece of cheese rind and, on the other side of the room, Dolly instantly woke up and bounced off the sofa wagging enthusiastically. She was followed by three big dogs who rose up as one from beside the Aga, playfully biting at each other's ears. And then a pair of large marmalade tomcats uncurled themselves from a sagging armchair and wove their way between the chair legs meeping for treats.
"Muma, didn't you say we shouldn't feed the dogs at the table?" said Chris severely. "You've set them all off now."
"You're totally right darling," said Rosie dipping a chunk of stale bread into the lentil sauce. "Be nice now, don't snatch. Spike! Sit!" Spike's huge bottom obediently sank to the ground and he plonked one massive paw on her lap. His big eyes were pleading and sincere.
"Muma!"
Rosie popped the dripping bread into Spike's mouth. Drooling, and jerking the stump of his tail, he retreated to a basket beside the solid fuel stove. Bustling into his place, Dolly gave two sharp yaps and a twinkly wink. Every inch of her white fur was demanding her rightful share of crispy bread and lentil sauce.
"Muma!"
"Oh darling, it's only a little bit and she's so cute. Look at her little nose all wrinkling up!" 
Dolly panted loudly, her bad breath sweeping over the table like a wind from a rotten cabbage patch. "God, she stenches!" said Chris. Larrie held her nose, and he pushed the cats off the table. "So exactly when is this effete Roman mole of Aunt Sally's arriving?"
"Tuesday. And Sally said she'd transfer £3,000 to cover his expenses," said Rosie. "Isn't that nearly 3,000 euros?"
"Probably more," nodded Chris.
"That's what I thought," said Rosie. "I can pay the last of the taxe foncière."
"But what about his expenses?" said Chris. "How are you going to pay for them?"
"Oh well," said Rosie vaguely. "I don't suppose he'll eat that much."
"That's what you said about Spike," said Chris.
"How much is she sending exactly?" said Larrie. "Exactly three thousand euros, or a bit more? Can I have a new saddle pad? Eglantine's got one for Pompom. Pink and green. Heinous, but it is really thick because he's got a cronky spine but that's her fault cos she's always galloping him on the road, and she's got a seat like a coffee grinder. So can I, Muma?"
"Can you what? Gallop on the road? Certainly not."
"And no saddle pad either," said Chris. "Whatever this scribbler is paying, once the foncière is paid, there won't be enough to kit that equine monster of yours out like a bloody Grand National runner."
"A new kitchen fridge would be useful," said Rosie, thoughtfully scraping round the lentil dish. "If there was any left over, I mean. I could put the old one in the kennels. The fridge in here has moss growing on the door, and I'll soon have to buy coal for the winter. There's none left."
"He won't be paying that much," said Chris getting up and putting the kettle on. "By the time he's eaten and drunk everything he can get his hands on, broken a few things, nicked a few more and run up a huge phone bill ringing some wannabe publisher in Toronto five times a day, there'll be nothing but bills, whatever Sally sends." 
"I'll hide the phone," said Rosie. Chris was frighteningly acute at times. Most of the time actually. Far too grown-up for his age. 
"Where's he sleeping?" said Chris. "Do you want a hand?"
Rosie smiled at him and once again silently thanked the heavens for her helpful son. The next morning, while Larrie was at school, the two of them inspected the yellow room. It wasn't too bad, a bit musty, but the wallpaper was still more or less sticking to the walls and there were no holes in the floor. In fact, the parquet in there was rather pretty. They opened the windows to let the sunshine in, swept the floor, and dragged in various bits of furniture to replace the stuff which was too old or too broken to be of any use and really ought to be burnt.
 "What do you think, Chris?" said Rosie gazing round the room. "Will it do? Should I put him over the other side?"
The room was the size of a football pitch with high ceilings and elegant, if dusty, mouldings. Apart from the four-poster, there were various dark oak chests and wardrobes and a large glass-topped dressing table. And they had put a large desk near the window. But despite the furniture, it still looked as if someone had just moved out. 
"No, this is fine," said Chris, his dark eyes serious in his pale face. "I mean, it's not precisely luxurious but it's correct - the curtains match the armchairs and the wallpaper isn't new but at least there is wallpaper. I know what you mean about the history in the other side, but it's stone floors and the windows don't close properly. It's medieval where we live."
The château was really a collection of buildings reaching back to the 12th century, although all that remained from that period was a barn wall and the traced out ruins of a small chapel. The east wing, where Rosie was proposing to house her unwelcome guest, was the most recent extension, built in romantic grey stone with turrets at the corners and a massive front door surmounted by pillars. The whole edifice overlooked a large inner courtyard covered with grey gravel in the middle of which was a long-dry fountain.
"You're right," said Rosie. "He'll be better off here. Less noise."
She and Chris stared around the echoing formal bedroom and Dolly, in the doorway, scratched a sudden itch behind her ear. Although it was brilliantly sunny outside, the room was gloomy because to keep the room cool, Rosie had half-closed the shutters of the three tall French windows like a row of hands in prayer. She peered through the central window now, squinting down the road at the distant point where it emerged from the woods.
"Do you suppose a poverty-stricken writer drives a fancy red sports car?"
"Nope."
"So I wonder who is driving one up the hill?"
"Don't know. Do you need me anymore?"  
"No, of course not," said Rosie. "Thank you darling. You've been a real help." Chris slid out of the room in the direction of his studio, and picking up a large wickerwork basket of dusters, rags and cleaning products, Rosie left the room too, Dolly pattering along behind her.
At the end of the corridor was a thick curtain, which was looped to one side with a thick red satin rope. The landing formed a slight gallery, another flight of stairs leading off the other side to the other wing. But the connecting door was locked and bolted. The west wing was truly derelict, with gaping holes in the roof and weeds growing out of the windows.
Rosie paused, took a deep breath and started walking down the shallow stairs towards the formal front door of the château. She hardly ever came this way, it was far quicker to go down the back stairs, but she just wanted to check. And a good job too because two of the cats had caught a large rat and were sitting over its remains looking bilious.
"Oh no!" she said. "Not here and don't be sick! Out cats, out!"  
Rosie rolled her eyes and noticed a black cobwebby rope slung between the tarnished chandelier and the wedding cake mouldings on the ceiling. She would have to get the extra-large stepladder out. She picked up the rat remains in a cleaning rag and, shooing the cats before her, went back through the rambling corridors to the utility room to dump her cleaning gear. She had a mass of things to do. Visitor or not, she had to exercise the dogs, and catch up with the horrible accounts. She hated paperwork and sending out invoices was just as awful as getting them from other people. She never knew what to charge.  
In the kitchen she let the dogs out, and went off to find towels for the guest room. Dolly, trotting into the grounds, panted mightily as the sun blazed down out of a bright blue sky, determined to show that autumn had not arrived yet. She looked around. Spike sat guarding the terrace, the cats yawned and stretched in the hammock and the three big dogs were snuffling about under the kitchen windows, obviously wondering if by some miracle a raw chicken might have fallen into the flowerbeds. Dolly twitched her ears impatiently. There was hardly ever anything worth eating under the kitchen window. Finally, she got up and she trotted across the uneven tiles. Time to inspect the bins.
Then Dolly heard a strange noise. Not the dilapidated hairdryer noise of Chris's crème-de-café Renault 4 with the seats smelling of firewood, and not Rosie's fire-spitting, rattlesome quatre-quatre Johnny, either. Johnny was in disgrace for sicking up all his oil anyway, so Dolly knew it couldn't be him. No, this was the noise of a car with a huge engine in perfect working order. Carefully, she picked her way along the rutted driveway to the courtyard gates, where a strange man in a low red car was puzzling over a hand-drawn map.
Sitting in the scarlet Porsche, Flo frowned at the faded paint on the tall gates, and turned the map round. He couldn't see where he'd gone wrong, but it didn't look right. Or was it? Sally had said it was tricky to find. Half a mile down a leafy tunnel, a pair of tall, wrought iron gates... this had to be it. Yes, there was a small brass sign set into one of the stone gateposts: Château de Moisson. He revved the engine loudly to let the inhabitants know he'd arrived, drove into the courtyard, parked, got out of the car and stretched his long legs.
The place was grim: a formal pile of grey stone presiding over a large square of gravel and a dry fountain instead of the neat box-hedges and symmetrical clumps of topiary he had expected. And instead of window boxes bursting with flowers and colourful sun-blinds, the entire facade was hung with louvered grey shutters, most of which were closed. There was no sign of a welcome mat, a luggage trolley or a uniformed lackey.
He shuffled through Sally’s instructions again. He hadn't made a mistake; dates, times, instructions were all correct. How peculiar. He crunched across the gravel and up the shallow steps to the front door, calling "Hello?" But still it didn't open, no-one came running, there wasn't a sound, not a movement, not a thing. It was almost as if he wasn't expected. He tossed the thought aside. Absurd. Of course he was expected. 
He pushed the bell and stood back, waiting for the double doors to be flung open, but nothing happened. A few moments later he pressed it again, more insistently. Still no-one. He rapped impatiently on the door. "Hello? Hello!" Nothing. He gave the door an impatient kick, turned his back on it to survey the courtyard again, and noticed a clump of grass growing between two of the steps. Strange. Then, in the wall surrounding the courtyard, he saw a side door standing open and a small white dog peering out of it, watching him. There was the very faintest sound of voices, and suddenly the dog turned away and trotted off.
He flicked the keys at the car to lock it and crunched across the courtyard to see where the dog had gone. Without the car's air conditioning, the heat was stifling and he really wasn't in the mood for dealing with whatever problem he'd just stepped into: either he was lost and about to be seriously embarrassed in front of a pack of strangers, or for some bizarre reason his hosts really weren't expecting him. Whichever way, he wasn't in the mood. 
But he didn't have much choice. So he ducked through the doorway in the wall, and followed the path around the side of the house, wondering if he should have done more in the way of disguise. A hurried and extremely haphazard attack with the nail scissors had ruined his carefully cultivated hair, and he'd replaced his contacts with a pair of cheap, deeply unflattering glasses so as to obscure his high cheekbones. But would that do it? The addition, he told himself, of a deep crease in his forehead brought on by incipient sunstroke would probably help.
He had no qualms about deceiving his hostess. The whole point of coming to France was to lie low, and Sally had presumably paid the woman handsomely for the privilege: "All fixed, heart. And don't forget you're Michael Bernard, okay? I haven't told Rosie who you are because, well, the less people who know, the better. Although I shouldn't think she's heard of you in any case."
"What do you mean? Hasn't heard of me?"
"Behave yourself. And don't forget to take a laptop. And don't try anything on with Rosie because she's immune, permanently off men. So don't bother turning on the charm or doing that famous smile thing. And try not to act like you're completely up your own arse. She won't take crap from anyone, least of all you. Just be sincere and nice."
"Why? What have I done?"
"I told you, she's off men. Permanently."
Uriah Bloody Heep, he thought, trying to see in through the windows of the house. A woman emerged from the vegetation behind him wearing blue overalls and a headscarf. Was this her ladyship? 
"Hullo," he muttered as humbly as possible.  
"You," she said, pointing at him. "You search Rosie?" 
She must be garden staff, he thought. "Er, yes," he muttered, keeping his famous brown eyes on the ground.
"Where is dog?” she said, looking around on tiptoe as if he might have one hidden under the hedge or behind a clump of hollyhocks.
"I don’t have a dog,” he said and when she just stared at him uncomprehendingly, he said, "par de shang. No dog!"
The woman made a slight disgusted pout and jerked her head sideways. He raised his eyebrows. She waved her hand in the direction he was going and said something else he didn't understand. Then she rolled her eyes impatiently and pointed. 
"Right, fine," he said. "I'll just go this way then." She obviously hadn't a clue who he was. Bloody frogs, he thought, you never could get good service in France. The woman turned away with a shrug and disappeared back into the garden. Resisting the temptation to summon her back and make her find him a porter, a butler, or at least a housekeeper, Flo continued round the side of the house, shamelessly looking in at all the windows as he went. Some of the rooms looked quite nice, with solid furniture and old carpets, but others seemed to have been ravaged by wolves, with bitten cushions on unsavoury sofas and hairy old rugs on the floors. Perhaps Lady Fitzwilson was redecorating? He got to the back of the house, and found himself on a long elegant terrace shaded by a series of majestic plane trees.
Suddenly, just inches from his face, a dog’s jaws reared up, snapping, snarling and barking. “Christ!” he swore, leaping backwards. A powerful-looking boxer with pearly white teeth and sharp claws was barking hysterically at him and shivering with fury. Great gobs of white slobber were pouring out of his mouth as he growled and reared up on his back legs. To Flo, it looked like the bloody animal was aiming for his throat. He began to sweat as he backed cautiously away.
"Spike!" exclaimed Rosie, coming round the corner. "Play nicely!"
The dog stopped barking and dropped onto all fours.  
"Good boy," said Rosie bending over and patting him on the head. "Who’s my baby?" The dog rolled over onto his back, displaying obscenely large genitalia.
"Jesus Christ!" said Flo, wiping his forehead. The dog glanced calmly up at him as the patting continued and the stump of his tail twitched from side to side. "Noo, noo... Spikey is a good boy!" cooed Rosie, and looked up at Flo reassuringly. "If he does that to you again, just ignore him. That's the best thing to do you know. Just take no notice. Did he frighten you?"
Flo was about to say the animal ought to be shot but changed his mind. No point in antagonising the natives. "Scared the pants off me, if you want to know," he confessed, unconsciously giving her one of his famous crooked smiles. "I hate dogs."
Their eyes met and Rosie's stomach turned a somersault. The combination of dark chestnut curls, huge dark eyes and a Greek God physique was extraordinary, and the addition of strong cheekbones, broad shoulders and considerable height certainly did nothing to detract from his beauty, but despite the cheap glasses, it was the way he looked at her that made her heart race. 
His smile said he understood and shared every thought she'd ever had; his eyes, half closed against the sun and crinkled at the corners, said he'd never look at anyone else except Rosie, and the little breeze which had sprung from nowhere and was ruffling his curls was saying, "It's all true, I'm unaffected, sincere and completely unselfconscious. And I think you're marvellous. In fact I've never met anyone like you before!"
Involuntarily, as his melting brown eyes gazed into hers, a shy little smile trembled around her mouth, a slight blush rose to her pale cheeks, and she pushed one hand through her tangled blonde hair in an attempt to smooth it down. Her ears were buzzing, and she felt almost as if she were floating. Any minute now she'd be able to look down on her body from above but not until she'd shaken hands, touched his flesh with her own... 
"Oh dear," she croaked. She gazed at his high cheekbones, her throat as dry as a dog's bowl in the sun. Suddenly she coughed and a lock of hair fell over her face. Her green eyes glittered with tears.
Flo wrinkled his forehead sympathetically, gave a lopsided smile and cocked his head to one side. It was a gesture which had filled cinema seats all over the planet, graced the front cover of every magazine in the world, and earned him so much money that he had thrown it all away. He couldn't help it. Even when he was trying to be humble, his famous sexy charm was just second nature.
She wasn't bad, he thought, even without make-up. Very fine skin, lightly tanned. With make-up she'd be stunning. He wouldn't mind having her adoration. Possibly even her body, if he could be bothered to take it. What the hell. He might as well flirt with her. It would make her day, after all. He stretched out to pat her on the back, but she moved out of his reach and gasped, "Sorry, frog in my throat." She then coughed, and said rudely, "Don't touch me! What do you want?"
"I’m looking for Lady Fitzwilson," he said, the smile draining away from his face. 
"That's me," she said, wiping her eyes with her fingers. "And you are?"
He blinked. Surely she had recognised him? What had Sally said? The woman was off men? That couldn't be true. But perhaps she really hadn't recognised him. "I'm Sally's writer-bloke,” he said finally.
Her cheeks still flushed, Rosie took another step back and croaked, "You don't look much like a writer."
Stung, he held his hands out, palms up. Then he turned them over. "Well, I'm not a labourer, am I?"
Rosie raised her eyebrows. His nails were all the same length, perfectly clean and neatly filed. Not a mark, not a callous, not a scratch. He obviously hadn't done a day's hard work in his life. Perhaps he really was gay. In which case, why was the thought of his hands touching her back making her pulse misbehave again? Eying the man up, she realised that gay or not, he was dangerous. She would have to keep him at arm's length and hope that he wouldn't stay too long. Otherwise...
"You'd better come in then," she said brightly. "Would you like some tea?" Without waiting, she led the way over the terrace, through the back door and into the kitchen. Frowning, Flo followed, ducking through the door behind her. The kitchen was huge, all scrubbed antique oak and cream paint, and after the blazing sun outside, it was deliciously dim and cool, but Flo only noticed that the paint was peeling in places and the window frames were rotting at the bottoms. He stared around the room. Didn't Lady Fitzwilson believe in decorating?
"We keep all the windows and doors shut," said Rosie, shutting the kitchen door. "Do sit down. I know it's not desperately hot in September, but it keeps the heat out, along with the mozzies and the dust. So please don't open the windows and keep the doors closed. Sit!"
Flo found himself obediently sitting at the large scrubbed oak table and watching her fill the kettle. She was lithe and slim, wearing faded jeans and a frayed white cotton bodice. In the kitchen, she looked less pale than she had before. Golden, in fact. 
"There should be some biscuits," she said, from the other side of the table. "Unless Chris has eaten them all again."
"Chris?"
"Yes, my son. He’s nineteen, nearly twenty but still eats everything he can find. I have a daughter too. Larrisa. Twelve. Didn’t Sally tell you?"
"No," he said, slightly ruffled. "No, she didn’t. She didn't mention dogs either. Just you and the château. Warned me not to move the furniture."
"Oh dear," said Rosie, pushing a mug of tea in his direction and sitting down as far away from him as possible. "Do you want to move the furniture?" 
He had no idea what to say and just sat there, watching her absent-mindedly pulling the knotted hair at the nape of her neck. Why didn't she want to show him round? Where was the housekeeper? The whole place was weird.  
"You can if you like," she said at last, "but only in your own room, I'd sooner you didn't move anything in here. But you don't mind me asking?"
"No. What? Ask me anything!" Flo smiled. She'd just recognised him! Not surprising, really. And now she was about to ask him about his latest film. 
"Don't you fall over if the furniture keeps moving?"
"I beg your pardon?"
"Your sight? The er, glasses?"
"I'm not blind!" he snapped, snatching the cheap glasses off his face.
"No, of course not," she said quickly. "It's just that Sally said..."
"What?" he interrupted.
"Nothing," she said and bit her lip. He looked irritated and that was the last thing she wanted. She wanted him to kiss the back of her neck. What an idiot she was! It was good that she had irritated him, and from now on she would be completely brisk and impersonal, otherwise... 
She gave him a bright smile. "I mean, welcome to France! Welcome to the Château de Moisson! We're delighted to have you. Any friend of Sally's! Although we don't have any particularly interesting antiques or Roman coins here."
"Roman coins?" he said, baffled. 
"Your book? About Roman coins?" 
"Fascinating stuff!" He said quickly. "Gripping! Nothing like a Roman coin to get the pulses racing!"
It was a transparent lie and suddenly despite herself she grinned, and in reply Flo's famous half-smile lurked at the corner of his mouth. "Let me get the biscuits out," she said. After all, he was a guest in the house. The least she could do was be polite. As long as she kept her distance, she would be safe.
As she dug around in the cupboards, Flo drank his tea and looked round the big kitchen. There was a battered solid fuel stove at one end of the room with a collection of dog beds beside it, a large wooden dresser to one side and a series of cupboards and shelves. There was also a white stone sink, a 50s Kelvinator and a large pile of dog blankets on one of the shelves. Counting round the table, he estimated that it would comfortably seat a dozen people although the seats were falling out of most of the chairs. At the other end of the room was a pair of huge shabby sofas covered with paisley shawls and cats. The room obviously doubled as a place for outdoor staff to relax. A sudden prolonged clattering and scuffling noise from the back door made him twist round in his chair.
"Here," said Rosie. "I knew we had some choccie bic-bic around here somewhere." She hurried to the back door where he could hear her scolding and laughing. "Oh Dolly! What have you got there! No, I don't want that in the house. Yuk! Disgusto-dog! You're stuck, you silly girl, stop wriggling! Oh God, that's revolting!"
Flo tilted his chair back onto two legs and craned his neck so he could see what was going on. His hostess was crouching down beside a muddy cat flap trying to free a wild rabbit and a fluffy white dog, both of which seemed to have got stuck halfway through. "Oh I like rabbits!" he said, just as Rosie succeeded in pushing the dog backwards out of the door and pulling the rabbit's head into the house. 
It was just a rotten head, attached to a slimy bit of skin, two hind legs and a tail. The smell was indescribable. Flo reared away, holding both hands over his nose. Rosie bundled it up and took it off into a side room and then he heard bin noises and a running tap. The fluffy white dog poked its head through the cat flap again and barked loudly. "Come in, Dolly! Don’t worry, she’s nothing like Spike," said Rosie, opening the back door.
The little dog trotted into the kitchen and sniffed around the floor. "No!" said Rosie coming back and positioning herself on the far side of the table again. "It's all gone. No bunny. Nothing for you at all!" Rosie sat down and Dolly scrambled clumsily up onto her lap where she turned round twice before sitting down. Breathing heavily, her chin on the edge of the table, she focussed her beady black eyes on Flo and gave him an evil grin.
"She's a bichon," said Rosie shying a packet of biscuits over the table. "Pretty close relation to the poodle, but calmer and different coat of course," she said, scratching behind Dolly's ears. "Not that she’s pure-bred, poor thing, but she’s mostly bichon. Do take a biscuit!" Thank God for Dolly, she thought, Dolly could ward off the devil himself, let alone a sight-challenged, homosexual, Roman-coin fancier with unaccountably disturbing pheromones.
A gale of evil-smelling dog-breath swept across the table, almost knocking Flo unconscious. "Why?" he choked. "Dogs, I mean, what's the attraction?"
"Ooooh, Dolly’s my baby-heart," she cooed and then because he didn't say anything there was silence, but she couldn't trust herself to look up in case that sexy half smile was playing round his mouth again. "You can rely on them," she said finally, still refusing to look at him. "Dogs won’t let you down. They don't lie and they don't pretend. They can't, they don't know how. Look at Spike. Hopeless case, really; rude, aggressive, unfriendly, but at least he never pretends to be anything else. I mean, he's always revolting. With everyone. So you can rely on him."
"To attack people?"
"Yes, well. We’re going to have to stop him doing that..."
She was obviously completely nuts, thought Flo. How was she going to train Spike? And why would a beautiful woman spend her whole life shut up in a remote castle with a pack of filthy hounds? Especially when, with her looks, she could easily find someone...
"How did your husband die?" he asked abruptly, and then she looked up. "He didn't," she replied. "He left. Years ago. Now, if you don't mind, Mr...?"
"Flo... Michael. Michael Bernard." 
"Flo?"
"My friends call me Flo. It's a nickname from school... I looked a bit girlie back then."
"Well you don't look girlie any..." She went bright red. "Look, nice to chat but I've got to feed the dogs now, and I’d better check what Larrie has done about the horse nuts and there's supper to make, so, perhaps I could point you towards your room? I'm sure you can find your way, can't you?"
Flo wasn't used to being dismissed and his hackles rose. How dare the woman prefer feeding some horrible pack of hounds to entertaining him? "I can leave if you prefer," he said shirtily. "I don't have to stay here if you don't want me!"
Did she want him? The words made Rosie's pulse race, but he was a man and she was off men. Permanently. And he was dangerous. Even leaving sex out of it, he was a serious danger to her mental and emotional health, so it would be better if he left. But letting him go was impossible, and sooner or later he would find out why. So she took a deep breath and confessed: "Well, if you want the honest truth, you've got to stay because I've already spent the money Sally sent to pay for your keep. I wrote a cheque for the taxe foncière this morning. So if you go, and Sally asks me for her money back, I'll probably end up in prison or something. Which means you can't go whether I want you or not. Want you here or not," she corrected herself.
Flo blinked. She didn't find him good-looking or sexy or amusing. She didn't want him. The only reason she was giving him houseroom was because Sally had written what sounded like an obscenely large cheque. 
Rosie stood up and put the mugs into the sink. "I know it's not ideal for you," she said. "I can tell you don't like kids and we've already established that you’re terrified of dogs..."
"No, I bloody don't!"
She turned round to face him, and unconsciously clasped her hands together as if in prayer. "I'm sorry but this is the dog house. I have a lot of dogs here. What you've seen is just the tip of the iceberg. I also have two teenagers, and they always come first. And I can't keep any of it out of your way, although I can try to keep them out of your room. I suppose. Maybe."
"I've never been so bloody..." 
But there was no stopping Rosie. Now she'd started, she was determined to finish. "I also have a leaking roof, a car with no brakes, a fridge with moss growing in it, and more debts than you can even begin to imagine. That's why I'm so grateful that at least the taxe foncière is paid. So if for some insane reason you might be able to sit upstairs and finish your book, I will do my best to make sure you're not disturbed. And I promise I'll stay completely out of your way. I won't come near you. I swear it! You'll have absolute peace and quiet. But you'll have to take us as we are. Dogs, kids... the whole damn thing. I'm so sorry, but there it is!"
He gazed at her angrily, his hair springing into untidy tufts around his forehead, and Jaffa cake chocolate round his mouth. She gazed back, thinking that he really did look rather lost. Poor thing. Lost and sexy. 
"Mummy!" exclaimed Larrie, bursting in through the back door. "Call the vet! Quickly! Sobie has eaten his hoof pick!"
"What? Eaten his hoof pick? That’s impossible, darling!"
"Sobie?" said Flo.
"Short for So-Big, he's a horse," Rosie told him out of the corner of her mouth. 
"No, Mummy, he has!" insisted Larrie, hopping from foot to foot in the doorway, her face drained of all colour. "Honestly!" I left it in his manger, and now it’s gone! He must have eaten it while I was putting his tack away!"
"Have you put a sweat rug on him?" said Rosie, putting the milk in the fridge. "Sorry about this, Mr...”
"Of course he's got his rug on!"
"Flo...”
"Sorry about this. But you see what I mean? I’ll have to go and sort it out. Will you be all right here?" She took an apple out of the fruit bowl on the dresser. "I'll see you later."
She followed Larrie out of the kitchen, across the terrace and past the kennels to the stables thinking that Sally was a comprehensive liar. Flo clearly didn't have a sight problem, and wasn't in the slightest bit shy or effete or any of the rest of it. Judging by his hands, the only thing she'd said that was true was about being a writer. But he would clearly never fit in. She'd just have to find some other way of paying the tax bill. Perhaps she could sell something? Maybe the piano would fetch enough to keep them going for a while?  
"Mummy, oh help, Mummy, just think! He’s going to get it hooked up in his guts!"
"No, he won't!"
In the loose box on the other side of the yard, Sobie was swaying from side to side, balefully knocking at the bottom half of his door with one gigantic hoof. He was at least 17 hands tall, a gleaming chestnut giant of a horse with huge dark eyes, a black mane and tail, one white sock and a pale blaze on his forehead.
"You see, Mummy?" said Larrie, with tears welling up again.
"Calm down, darling," said Rosie. "Hello boy, how are you?"
Sobie banged his massive head down over the edge of the door and nudged Rosie’s hand greedily. "Have you fed him, Larrie?" she asked, cutting the apple into quarters with her pocket-knife.
"Mummy no! If I feed him, the hoof pick’ll get lodged, Mummy. Lodged!"
"Darling, I honestly don’t think he’s eaten a hoof pick," said Rosie, feeding Sobie another chunk of apple.
"Do you want me to have a look?" asked Flo coming up behind them. "I used to do a bit of riding, years ago. Hello boy," he said, squinting up at the horse's great head and proffering his palm. "How are you?"  
Sobie blew on his hand, whickered and then lowered his forehead onto the man's shoulder. Flo scratched his forehead gently.
"Strange," said Rosie. "He normally only does that to people he's met before."
Flo smiled at her. "Ah well, as I er..."
"Don't just stand there talking!" said Larrie in a rising panic. "Help him! Please!"
Realising that she was on verge of hysterics, Flo bit his lip. "All right, he said quickly. "May I?" he said, taking hold of the bolt on the door. 
"Sure," said Rosie. "Go ahead."
"Move back, boy. Come on, back up," said Flo, opening the door. They all shuffled into the loose box, which was big enough to have housed at least three normal-sized horses, and furnished with an ocean of fresh straw, a gigantic bucket of water, a large salt lick and a hay net capacious enough to have satisfied an entire herd of elephants. Reaching up on her tiptoes, Larrie hung on Sobie's neck calling him baby heart and little duck, and Flo kicked the straw.
"What are you doing?" said Larrie, her voice rising and her face like beetroot. "That’s not going to help!" Tears sprang into her eyes. "Oh Mummy, he could die!" 
"Oh, I don't think so," said Flo bending down. "Is this the missing item?" He stood up with his hand out. There was a hoof pick in his palm.
"Well done," said Rosie. 
"Oh!" said Larrie, hanging her head. "That's my... You think I might have dropped it?"
"Who knows," said Flo giving it back to her. "Maybe the brute spat it out."
"How dare you! He's not a brute. He's my baby!"
"Well, he hasn't eaten a hoof pick anyway," said Flo, and if Rosie hadn't been permanently off men, she'd have kissed him. 
They left Larrie promising Sobie hot mash, and walked back to the house together with Dolly wagging at their heels. Dolly always enjoyed a visit to the horse kennel; muckheap smell was her favourite perfume. Specially if you rolled in it.  
"Do you know a lot about horses?" said Rosie, curiously.
Flo was just about to say yes, when suddenly he realised how fast the topic would lead him onto dodgy ground. "No," he said. "Not much, really. I just had to research them once, for a par... a part of a book! And I spent a bit of time at some stables in um..."
"Oh," said Rosie, and realised with a small shock that she’d actually wanted him to know something of practical value. How ridiculous. "Well, never mind," she said with what sounded even to her own ears like false cheer. "Shall I walk you back to your car? I assume it's that red thing in the courtyard?”
"Yes, it's a Porsche," he said. He looked down at her as she stood beside him, wiping her pocket-knife on the back pocket of her jeans. 
"Is that the best place to park it?" he said, and he could hardly believe his own ears. What was he thinking? "Round the front? Is there somewhere better to unload?"
She looked up surprise. "Why? Are you staying, then?"
"Well maybe a couple of nights if you can put up with me," he said and even as he said it he could have kicked himself. Was he mad? She didn't even like him!
To hide her relief about the tax bill being paid, Rosie shrugged and pulled a very stern face. With Dolly still at her heels, she led Flo through the kitchen into a long flagged corridor with various doors leading off it. At the end, she opened a second door and went up a shallow flight of steps leading to yet another door. "This way," she said, opening it and stepping into an echoing, musty-smelling hall. "Until you learn your way around, you'll probably find it easier to walk round the outside," she said. "But this is the east wing. It has the turrets and stuff you saw when you arrived, but we don't really use it. We mainly live in the back part of the house."
Judging from the formality, the high ceilings, the mouldings and the wallpaper, it was Jane Eyre rather than Henry IV, thought Flo. He felt like he'd just walked off the set of a pastoral romance and onto the set of a gothic novel complete with bats and a midnight shutter banging in a storm.   
"You'll have silence all day long in this part of the house. And no dogs," she said firmly. "I promise I won't come near you!"
"But..."
"Sally said you needed peace and quiet."
"She did?"
"You are a writer, aren't you?"
They were at the foot of a wide curving staircase leading up from what had obviously once been an impressive reception hall. Now however, the checkerboard tiles were cracked and the wallpaper was faded. "Is that the front door out there?" he said, pointing to his right. 
"Yes, that's it," she said. "You'll have a view of the courtyard from your room. Come on. Dolly, heel. Leave that alone. I think she must have smelt a rat. The cats brought one in earlier. Don't worry, I've thrown it away now. Chris has organised wifi. Or at least, I hope he has. And there's a new bottle of gas in your bathroom so that's..."
"Gas? What do I need gas for?"
"Hot water. Unless you prefer cold showers? I mean, cold showers are fine," she nodded. "Absolutely. Fantastic. Very cheap!"
Reaching the first floor, she brushed a cobweb off the banisters and opened a door on the landing. "Here we are. I made the room up earlier. And I have swept, so there shouldn't be any scorpions. Don't worry, I turned the mattress myself and those sheets were airing on the line this morning." 
Horrified, he stood in the doorway gazing at the mismatched, second-hand furniture, the faded carpet and the dirty wallpaper. The place was a complete dump.  
"Sally was lying, wasn't she?" said Rosie. "You're not broke. You've never been to Woolworths in your life, have you?"
"It's closed. It went bust. Years ago."
"It did? Oh that's a shame, I rather liked poking around in Woolies."
"Pick and mix," he said walking into the room and going over to the window. "I used to love that when I was a kid. Raspberry Ruffles. Oh right, there's my car."
"That's what I mean," she said coming to stand beside him at the window. "If you're a writer, how come you're driving that thing?"
"It's hired, it's all they had. I have to take it back tomorrow morning," he lied.
"Well, I hope no-one sees it or we'll have half the village up here wanting to have their photos taken sitting on the bonnet."
"No! Really?" He turned away from the window at exactly the same time as she did and their arms brushed. 
She jumped back from him as if he'd burnt her. "Right, I'll leave you now," she gasped. "I've unlocked the front door so you can bring your luggage up. And then I daresay... supper at eight. On the terrace. OK? Bathroom through there." Without waiting for an answer, she dashed out of the room and straight down the stairs, Dolly skittering along with her tail turning in mad circles like a helicopter blade. Then a door slammed, her footsteps faded and Flo was alone in his hideous, musty, uncomfortable room. Swearing mightily, he pulled his mobile out. Thank God there was network. Sally answered almost immediately and he guessed she'd been waiting for him to call. "Have you gone mad?" he demanded.
"Calm down, sweetie."
"It's a fucking zoo! Wild dogs, giant metal-eating horses - and apparently there are scorpions too! And the woman doesn't even like me. Says she's only putting up with me because you paid some fucking bill or other. Just get me out of here! Now!"
"Listen Flo, said Sally in a hard voice, "you're hanging by the thinnest of threads. One more drinking bout, one more scandal and the insurance companies won't touch you. You'll never work again. I need you out of the headlines. And the only way that's going to happen is if you're off the radar."
"This isn't off the radar, it's out to fucking lunch!"
"Look, I didn't want to have to say this, but no-one else will have you."
"What do you mean?" he demanded.
"I'm all out of favours on your behalf. There isn't a hotel, a hideaway or a rehab unit that will take you on. You don't have a friend who can afford the damage. You don't even seem to have a handy mum to give you houseroom. No-one wants you. No-one likes you enough to take the risk. You're a pain in the arse. Rosie is my last call. She's the only person I know who is broke enough to bribe. You blow this and I'll have to drop you."
"But I'm... you can't..."
"You haven't got the money. You're broke. There's nothing left to pay people off with."
"What are you saying?"
"I'm saying you've got no choice. You just stay there, behave yourself and let me do my work. There's only one human being on this planet who can get you the Bond contract, and that's me. As you well know. Two outings as 007 and you'll be back on track. The rest will be forgotten. Then once you're out of the scandal rags, I can sell the idea of the new you. The cleaned-up, intelligent, adult you. The hard-working, talented, easy-to-work-with you."
"Fuck off. There is no new me, and you can't make me stay here."
"No, I can't. So why don't you do what you usually do? Drive down to the nearest bar, make a big splash, buy drinks all round, get pissed and papped in some French tart's bed..."
"I don't have to stay in France, I could..."
"What? Buy a scheduled airline ticket? Go to an airport on your own? With no security? Are you mad? You'd be mobbed in a minute. Fly to the States? Then what are you going to do? Thump another policeman? Insult another fan? Get some teenager pregnant?"
"This place should be condemned!"
"Rosie is one of my oldest friends. If you upset her, you'll have me to deal with." Her tone suddenly softened. "Look, just give it a week and then if you really can't stand it I'll try and find somewhere else."
"It's a fucking rat-hole, Sally."
"Don't be a shit-head all your life, Flo. Just stay there. Ring me in the morning."
The phone went dead, and he noticed a tall thin boy standing in the doorway.
"The last of the fucking rat-hole residents, at your service," said Chris, his voice laden with furious irony. He'd have done anything to be able to chuck this simpering urban snob out of the house, but as it was, he was going to have to put up with him until Sally whistled him back to London.    
Flo smiled winningly. "I was talking about somewhere else!"
"I'm Chris. Son of Rosie, and your IT helpdesk rep for the duration," said the boy without the glimmer of a smile. "Do you want me to get you online?"
"Sorry," said Flo. "I didn't realise the door was open." But Chris's expression didn't soften. "I'll just go and get my stuff," said Flo, mentally cursing Sally.
"You do that," said Chris. "I hope you're not expecting any of us to donkey it up here for you."
Flo shot him a furious look and went downstairs. From the landing, Chris watched him tugging at the front door. "You have to push the top of the door at the same time as you pull the handle halfway down," he said in a sarcastic voice.
"Got it. Thanks," said Flo. He wasn't used to being aggressed by young teenagers and he didn't like it. Squinting against the sinking sun, he flicked the key fob at the car and the lights flashed reassuringly at him. At least something was working. He began lugging a series of expensive suitcases out of the boot onto the gravel. 
"What did you say your name was?" asked Chris, coming up behind him. 
"Flo..."
"Full name."
"Bernard. Michael Bernard," snapped Flo. "Why?"
"I don't know. You look vaguely familiar. I'm sure I know you from somewhere."
Flo's heart sank. He really didn't want to have to listen to this kid's opinion of every single performance in every single film. "I don't think so," he said, turning his face away. "I'm sure I'd remember if we'd met before."
"Do you always bring so much luggage? What on earth have you got in there?"
"I thought I'd done rather well. I mean, I probably won't be... but I was expecting to stay for a month or so you know."
"To finish this mythical book of yours? The Roman Coin and the Call Girl?"
"All right," sighed Flo. "Pax, kid. Pax. Okay?"
Chris narrowed his eyes. "I'm sure I know your face from somewhere," he said. "Which of those has your computer in it?" he said gesturing at the cases. "Bring that one first. And no, I'm not carrying anything."
Boiling, Flo picked up a selection of the smaller cases and staggered up the stairs with them. He knew there was a laptop in one of them but he didn't really want the kid messing about with it.
"We set up a desk for you by the window," said Chris gesturing at a large table adorned with a pile of dictionaries, a phone and a printer. "But that was when we still thought you might want to write. Give me your computer." Stung, Flo pulled his laptop out of its case and gave it to Chris. Opening it, he sat down, switched it on and started tapping the keyboard. "Still, I expect you'll enjoy surfing YouTube, won't you?" he said patronisingly. "And you'll be able to Facebook your pals."  
"The password..."
"Don't need it. Your security is crap. I'll just register myself as the administrator, and there we go... yup. Think we have it. WEP key... okay. It might dip in and out a bit and you'll probably find you don't get much mobile reception at night. For your phone. But that should keep you going anyway." He got up and stalked to the door. "Bathroom's through the other side. Don't go mad with the hot water. The gas bottles are hideously expensive."
"Thanks. Listen..." From habit, Flo started fishing in his pocket for change. 
"I'm not a bell-hop and I'm not a waiter," said Chris and stalked away, leaving Flo feeling thoroughly ruffled. He'd only just arrived and already everyone hated him. The gardener, the mistress of the house and her son thought he was lower than a toad and even the hysterical horse-mad girl didn't rate him as high as her precious nag. What was wrong with them all? He shuddered and then thought gloomily that the supper was also bound to be a nightmare. Probably dog food on toast.

To read the rest of In the Doghouse, download it now!
About Samantha David

Samantha David is a journalist and author living in France with her family and a menagerie of animals. She was born in London and has lived and worked in various countries all over Europe. She began writing fiction to amuse herself in school, especially during maths lessons, and has been inventing alternative realities ever since. "I just love writing romantic comedy," she says. "Sometimes I make myself laugh so much that I have to stop writing, and sometimes I think of new jokes when I'm out shopping or sitting in the dentist's waiting room and burst out laughing all over again." 
She is a fan of e-publishing. "It means authors and readers can connect directly," she says. "I'm really exited about it, and looking forward to getting in touch with more readers."



Connect with Samantha David

If you would like to know more about Samantha David's journalism you can see her website www.samanthadavid.com. You can also get in touch via her Facebook page facebook.com/samanthadavidauthor, where you can also sign up to get news of her forthcoming novel, which is so far untitled. But perhaps you'd like to suggest a title? You can also suggest animal characters to be included in future books.
And finally, a note from the author: "Please don't forget to review this book on your favourite book retailer's website!"
