 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bound by a Dragon

Book I of The Dragon Archives


Linda K. Hopkins
 
 









 
 Published by Linda K. Hopkins at Smashwords
Copyright 2014 Linda K. Hopkins
 
 
 Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.
 Table of Contents
Dedication
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Epilogue
Glossary of Terms
Pursued by a Dragon
Acknowledgements
About the Author
Dedication
This book is dedicated to all those readers who know that you are never too old to enjoy a fairy tale with a dash of romance (or is a romance with a bit of the fantastic?).

Prologue
Keira watched as the great beast circled slowly through the sky, blocking the sunlight for a few seconds on each turn. Fire spewed occasionally from its mouth, dissipating in the cool air before it could set anything alight. All around her people were shouting, grabbing their children and running for their homes, slamming the doors shut behind them before barring them from the inside. Keira shook her head in amusement. A mere door wouldn’t stop a dragon – it could just burn the house down! Anna was tugging on her arm, shouting at her to come, but Keira shrugged her off. 
The dragon had taken up residence in the mountains some six months back, and although it was regularly seen soaring above the village, it had yet to kidnap and devour a single innocent maiden. And there were no reports of girls snatched from the other villages, either. Keira knew the stories about the last dragon that had lived in the area. For many years it had peacefully inhabited its mountain lair, until one day it had suddenly turned on the village, burning down half the homes before being killed by some brave soul. But the only questionable thing this dragon had done was to take a few head of cattle and a couple of sheep. And since the dragon always left some form of payment for the animal taken – a small bag of gold, a few precious stones – the villagers didn’t complain too loudly. These payments always far exceeded the worth of the animal. But still, stories about dragons abounded, and the villagers were convinced that it was just a matter of time before the dragon set the village alight and snatched the village girls. 
“Come on, Keira.” Anna’s words broke through Keira’s thoughts, reminding her that her parents shared the same fears as the other villagers. “Mother will be furious if we don’t get back to the house now.”
“Stop pulling me. I’m coming!” was Keira’s annoyed response. She glanced back at the sky one more time, admiring the way the scales of the dragon caught the light, throwing back a thousand rainbows against the sky. The dragon was heading away from the village, but before Keira looked away, it turned its head and seemed to look straight at her. Pulling her arm out of Anna’s, she drew herself upright and stared straight back, meeting the golden eye of the dragon before it turned its enormous body in a slow, fluid motion and lazily flew towards the mountains.
 
 
Chapter 1 
The day was sweltering as Keira sat on her low stool, the awning over the table offering little relief from the sun’s burning rays. It was market day in the village, an event that occurred every Wednesday and Saturday, come rain or shine, and Keira was minding the table that held her father’s carved wooden tableware. It was a task she shared with her mother, but as her mother had gone home to have her morning meal, Keira was at the table alone. She glanced around the marketplace, wondering what her younger sister was up to, but saw no sign of her. Of course not, Keira thought to herself. Just that morning she had suggested that it was time Anna started helping out at the stall, but their mother had been adamant in her refusal.
 “Anna is too young to mind the table,” Mother had replied, not noticing Anna in the corner where she stuck her tongue out at Keira.
“Too young? She’s sixteen, Mother. Old enough to be married. I started helping with the stall when I was twelve.” 
“Now Keira!” her mother responded sharply. “Do not be so impertinent. I have said that Anna is too young, and that is the end of the discussion.” 
Keira sighed. Anna did not have a grain of responsibility in her, so it was probably better if she didn’t mind the market stall. But Keira could not quash the rebellious thought that if Anna was not so spoilt, she would probably be more responsible. 
Keira stood up and moved around the table, rearranging the wooden trenchers, bowls and cups carved by her father, carefully displaying the best pieces to their fullest advantage. The wood had been worked to a surface so smooth it felt almost soft to the touch, inviting customers to run their fingers over the different pieces. Keira’s father took great pride in his work, each item an example of quality craftsmanship, reflecting his position as Master Craftsman. His wares were sought out by the wealthier families in the surrounding towns and villages, and they even graced the altar of the closest cathedral. The Carvers owned a small house at the edge of the village, where Keira’s parents had enough land to keep a dairy cow and a few chickens. Along the edge of the house stretched the vegetable garden, which yielded enough to fill the root cellar and keep them through the winter. As a landowner and artisan, Master Carver was considered wealthy by village standards, the only other landowner in the village being the village reeve, Matthew Hobbes. And as the daughters of a landowner, Keira and Anna had had the good fortune to receive a basic education from a traveling tutor. He had spent a year in their home, sleeping in the tiny attic at the top of the house. In exchange for food, shelter and a few pennies a week, he had taught Keira and Anna their letters and numbers. It was this knowledge that enabled Keira to take her place at the stall, where she meticulously wrote down each piece that was sold, keeping a running tally of the numbers.
As Keira sat back down on her stool, she noticed a stranger strolling through the market. That in itself was not cause for comment, the village being on a busy road that brought pilgrims, traveling bands of mummers and other wayfarers into the village. This stranger was not like those who usually passed through, however. He was tall, well built and clean – unlike the others, who were often scraggly and unkempt – and he was well dressed. Very well dressed, actually. He wore a blue velvet doublet over a shirt of silk, while his woolen hose, disappearing into heeled boots that reached up to his knees, were finely woven from gold thread. His hat, which perched neatly over one ear, was also made of velvet, with a feather curling down over his other ear; and a sword hung at his side, the sheath studded with jewels. The man was clean shaven and his tanned skin washed. Clearly a man of noble breeding, thought Keira. The man browsed the stalls as he made his way slowly down the length of the market, pausing to examine the different wares on display. Occasionally he would pull out a small leather purse, and Keira could see the weight of the contents dragging down the soft leather. She noticed a few of the other merchants eyeing the stranger, and a couple of them called out to him, willing him to spread his coin at their stalls. He stopped to banter with them, sharing an easy laugh at their expense. 
As he made his way closer, Keira could see that he was about thirty years of age. At twenty-two, Keira was already considered an old maid, but that didn’t mean she couldn’t appreciate his fine figure and confident, powerful stride. In fact, his every movement seemed to exude confidence and strength, and she noticed that she wasn’t the only maiden with her eyes glued to his handsome form. 
As he continued to weave his way through the market, Keira was amused to notice that his audience was growing. The villagers nudged each other as he went by, clearly out of place in the nondescript little village that Keira called home. She laughed to herself as her neighbors openly gawked at him, wondering whether he enjoyed being the center of attention. But if he noticed the stir he was causing, he paid it no mind. Instead, he continued to browse the stalls – buying little trinkets at some; replacing the items at others with a smile and friendly word. He was approaching Keira’s table when he looked up and caught her startled glance. She looked away hurriedly, embarrassed to be caught openly watching him, but not before she saw the smile that curved his lips. She could feel his eyes on her as she looked down, and she nervously smoothed down her simple, homespun kirtle, wishing she had dressed in something a little less plain. In two quick strides the man was at her table, where he looked down to examine the wares on offer.
“Ah, plates and bowls. Just what I need,” he quickly declared.
Keira cast him a speculative look. “Plates and bowls?” she repeated. “Whatever do you need plates and bowls for?”
“Why, to eat from, of course,” he responded with an innocent smile.
“But surely you have many plates?” she asked. In fact, she wouldn’t be surprised to learn that he had plates made from pewter, imported ceramic or even silver. She had never seen such luxuries, of course, but she’d heard about them. And it was well known that Reeve Hobbes was in possession of a large pewter serving platter. 
“Well, yes, I do,” he explained, a little sheepishly, “but I have recently relocated into the area, and not all my possessions have arrived yet, so I need some tableware to tide me over.”
“Wooden plates and bowls?” she asked again, her suspicions not yet allayed. As fine as her father’s craftsmanship was, she knew that it wasn’t wood that usually graced the tables of the wealthy.
“Yes.”
“But surely you have servants to take care of such trivialities?”
“That’s true,” he said. “My steward is quite capable of taking care of such matters, but since I am here, there is no reason for me to not tend to it myself.” 
A moment’s silence filled the air as Keira considered his response. “And where have you taken up residence?” she finally asked. “I wasn’t aware of anyone moving into the village.”
“Do you always interrogate your customers like this?” he said. “One would be inclined to think you don’t want anyone to buy your wares.”
Keira raised her eyebrows, but when she didn’t respond, he continued.
“I haven’t moved into the village, as you are clearly aware, but rather into Storbrook Castle, a few miles hither. Do you know it?”
Storbrook Castle! The name sent a shudder down Keira’s back. The castle was hidden deep in the mountains, a good thirty miles away; and although few in the village had ever seen the castle, there wasn’t a child in the village who hadn’t shivered in fear and delight at its purported horrors. It was rumored that the caves in the mountains below the castle had been the home of many maiden-devouring dragons in days gone by. Children and adults alike whispered about the dark corridors where abducted maidens, held against their will, were forced to do unspeakable things at the dragon’s bidding, and where other heinous dealings occurred, too dreadful to be repeated. It had been over eighty years since a dragon was last seen in the village, but that dragon had been slain by a valiant villager, striving to protect a damsel in distress. Unfortunately, as the story went, the damsel’s life had still been forfeited, and the dragon had destroyed half the village with fire before being killed; regardless, the villager was celebrated as a hero for keeping further maidens from being kidnapped by the dragon.
“Storbrook Castle,” Keira repeated, her voice dropping slightly. “They say the dragon lives in the caves below the castle.” 
The stranger laughed lightly. “I hate to disappoint you, but I haven’t seen sign of a dragon anywhere near the castle, and no half-gnawed bones in the rooms, either. I have heard about this dragon, though.” The man glanced around before leaning towards Keira, lowering his voice. “How many beautiful damsels have been snatched up by this dreadful monster?”
“Now I must disappoint you,” Keira said. “No damsels, beautiful or otherwise, have disappeared from our village or any of the other villages in the area. Our dreadful monster doesn’t seem to be that dreadful at all!”
“You don’t fear the beast?” he asked in surprise.
“No, why should I? It hasn’t done anything fearful.” 
“But you must have heard terrible stories about the dragon that troubled this area in the past?”
“Yes, I have,” Keira replied, “and I always wondered how much of the story is true. For one thing, doesn’t it seem strange that after living near the village for so many years, it would suddenly one day, for no apparent reason, decide to kill a maid and burn down half the village? Besides,” she added, “I rather like our dragon!”
The man stared at her in stunned silence for a moment, before sweeping his hat off with a smile and delivering a courtly bow.
“Please allow me to introduce myself. Aaron Drake at your service.” Without his hat, the sun glanced off his light brown hair, highlighting streaks of gold that shot through the brown. His hair had been pulled back to the nape of his neck, where it was held in place by a red ribbon. His eyes matched his hair, a light tawny brown flecked with gold, unusual in their lightness. And even his skin seemed to take on a light golden sparkle in the sun. Keira recognized the name Drake – Storbrook Castle had been owned by Drakes for generations. But there hadn’t been a Drake living there for many years. “And you are …” he prompted, when she didn’t respond. 
“Oh! Um, Keira Carver … milord,” she added as an afterthought, as she felt her cheeks flush again. There was a noise behind her, and she turned to see her mother, returned from her morning repast.
“Keira,” said her mother, “I will help this gentleman. Why don’t you go back to the house –­ I have left your meal on the table.”
“Yes, Mother,” Keira said, turning away. Her mother was already pointing out the subtle colors of the wood grain and the fine design of the various pieces displayed on the table as Keira moved from the stall, but before she left, she turned back to take one last look at the stranger. While her mother’s attention was directed at the items on the table, Aaron looked up and caught Keira’s eye, holding her in his gaze for a moment. The look he gave her promised future encounters, and she felt her heart speed up as she quickly looked away, a smile suddenly lighting her face.

 Chapter 2 
“Mistress Keira.” 
Keira turned towards the voice, and smiled when she saw Aaron Drake approaching her. 
“Milord."
“Just Aaron,” he said with an easy smile as he fell into step with her. “Where are you headed?”
“I’m taking some jellies and preserves to Dame Lamb,” she said, indicating the covered basket on her arm. “She lives at the other end of the village.”
“I’m headed that direction too,” Aaron said with a grin. “Perhaps we can walk together.”
Keira lifted her eyebrows suspiciously but remained silent, accepting his company as she walked.
“Have you seen your dragon lately?” he asked.
“My dragon? Now why would you say that?”
“Well, you seemed quite, um, taken with it,” he said. “And besides, if this dragon has a penchant for beautiful damsels, I’m sure you are at the top of his list.”
“Milord!” said Keira, her tone dripping with disapproval. “You are being very …” 
“Forward?” he finished, laughter thickening his voice.
“Yes, indeed,” she said, amusement threatening her own stern expression. “But to answer your question, yes, I saw the dragon just this morning. It is strange, but there have been more sightings of the beast in the last few weeks than any other time since it arrived. People in the village are sure it is a warning. They expect young maidens to start disappearing any day now.” Keira looked at the sky as she spoke, her eyes scanning the horizon in expectation as they walked through the village. When the sky remained empty she turned her gaze back to Aaron, startled to see him watching her with an unfathomable expression. The expression quickly smoothed away, and he gave a light laugh.
“I think there is only one beautiful maiden the dragon may be tempted to abduct and hide in its lair,” he said. “I think you should take great care in future to hide away whenever that foul monster comes near your village, otherwise you could well be his first victim.” 
The color rose in Keira’s cheeks, and she glanced away to hide her blush. Aaron watched her with a grin, before continuing in a low voice. 
“What do you think its lair looks like? Is it dark and malodorous? Perhaps there are bones from its victims lying everywhere. And surely it is smoky, too – the walls are probably black from the hellish fire that emanates from the beast with every breath. And gold, we mustn’t forget the gold! I imagine that there are treasures piled everywhere, because everyone knows that dragons hoard wealth.” 
Keira laughed. “Aren’t the dragon’s caves below Storbrook Castle? Surely you must have explored them by now?” 
Aaron shuddered. “Sweet Keira, do you honestly think I should risk my life hunting for a dragon and its lair? You might think the dragon is harmless, but I would prefer not to become the fiend’s next meal. Of course, if the creature abducts you, I will feel honor-bound to try and rescue you, despite having warned you of the dangers of the monster.” Aaron looked at her with eyebrows raised quizzically, a grin tugging at his mouth. “I hope you will feel some small remorse at my early demise?” 
 “Why, milord,” she said. “Do you mean to tell me that the simple villager who killed the last dragon would best you in courage if it comes to a battle against this one?” 
Something flashed in Aaron’s eyes, but it was gone in a moment.
“Alas, I fear the answer is yes."
“Well,” she said, “I don’t believe you have any reason to fear. As I have said before, this dragon does not seem interested in harming anyone, so perhaps he will spare your life when you stumble across his lair one day.”
“I am very relieved to hear it,” he said, the twinkle in his eye belying his grave expression. 
Keira smiled in amusement. “Doesn’t Drake mean dragon, milord?” she asked.
“Yes, unfortunately it does," he said. "One of my ancestors had the temerity to possess a nature as fierce and mean as a dragon, so he was known as Drake and, of course, the name was passed on to his sons. I would have much preferred it if he could have been known as Drake-Slayer. It has a far better ring, do you not agree?” 
Keira laughed and shook her head. “Don’t fancy yourself as Drake-Slayer anytime soon. I rather like our dragon. In fact, I think I feel a bit sorry for him.”
“You do? How can such a dreadful beast evoke the pity of such a lovely young maid?”
“Well, he must be rather lonely,” she said. “Imagine living all by yourself in the mountains with no-one to keep you company. And every time you come near a village in an effort to make friends, everyone runs away, screaming in fright!”
“What makes you think the creature is coming in search of friends?” asked Aaron in amusement.
“Well,” she said, “since he hasn’t taken anyone from any of the villages, I think we can rule out hunger as his reason for frequenting the area. So that must mean he’s looking for companionship,” she concluded with a satisfied air of certainty, but when Aaron laughed, she flushed in embarrassment. “You’re laughing at me,” she said sheepishly.
Aaron hastened to reassure her. “No, no,” he said. “I’m not laughing at you. You have such a kind heart and a wonderful imagination. I was just wondering how a dragon would try to make friends with a screaming maiden.” 
Keira grinned in response. “With a bouquet of burning branches, of course,” she said with a laugh. She glanced around to see that they had reached the other end of the village.
“Here is the home of Dame Lamb,” she said, waving her hand towards a small, wood-framed house, its bright whitewashed walls contrasting with weather-darkened timber beams. “Thank you for your company, and good day.”
“Good day, sweet Keira,” responded Aaron, extending his leg neatly as he swept off his hat and delivered a courtly bow. Keira dropped a shallow curtsey in response, but before she turned away, Aaron caught her hand in his and lifting it to his lips, kissed her fingers, his gaze holding hers as he did so. His lips were warm, and Keira felt a tingle run down the length of her spine as his warm breath caressed her skin. 
He held her hand a moment before releasing it and turning away. He had only gone a few steps before he turned around again.
“I look forward to our next encounter, beautiful damsel,” he said, then lifted his hat once more and turned away, leaving Keira staring after him in bemusement.

Chapter 3 
Keira glanced out the small window as she shifted her weight in the hard wooden chair. Beneath her feet the floor rushes rustled while fleabane and lavender, strewn over the rushes, released their sweet fragrances. Returning her regard to Dame Lamb, Keira took a sip of the watered wine from the cracked wooden cup she cradled in her hand, as the kindly lady continued her earnest oration.
 “You are getting on in years, my dear,” the older woman said. “And your father will not always be around to support you. You have always been a good, dutiful daughter, so you must see the necessity of choosing a respectable man and getting married. There are many men right here in our village that would make admirable husbands. Didn’t I hear that young Edmund has his eye on you?” 
Keira suppressed a sigh, recognizing that the woman’s words were kindly meant. This concern for her future was not a new one. It was a constant irritant in her relationship with her parents, especially her mother. She thought back to the last conversation they’d had on this subject, only a few days prior.
“If you wait much longer, you’ll be too old to interest any man,” her mother had railed in frustration. “It’s not as if you have a lack of men to choose from. Widower Brown has expressed his interest many times over the past five years, and he would be able to provide comfortably for you.” 
Keira had shuddered at the thought. Widower Brown was at least thirty years her senior and suffered from gout. His breath was always foul, and it was well known that he was frequently deep in his cups. She doubted he’d bathed once in the last five years, and she dreaded to think what creatures might reside in his long, bushy beard. 
If Mother had noticed her shudder, she ignored it, instead continuing her rant. “And what about Edmund? You know that his mother and I had hopes that the two of you would form an alliance. Even though he’s younger than you by a couple of years, Edmund would make a perfectly acceptable husband. It’s quite reasonable to expect that he will be elected as the village reeve when his father finally steps down. In the meantime, the reeve is a wealthy man, who will ensure that Edmund lacks for nothing.” 
The thought of Edmund as a husband was almost as repugnant to Keira as Widower Brown. Although they grew up together, she had always felt a little wary of him. In his games he was always just a little too rough, a little too arrogant and a little too selfish to make her feel comfortable around him. And at the annual harvest festival the previous year, he’d pulled her into the shadows and tried to kiss her, his hands fumbling painfully over her breasts as he tried to pull down her dress, all the while forcing her lips apart with his tongue. Just the memory of that night made her want to rinse out her mouth with vinegar and mallow. She’d managed to get away from him, but harbored no doubts that he would have robbed her of her maidenhood if she hadn’t.
Dame Lamb’s gentle patting of her hand brought Keira back to the present. “Just don’t wait too long, dear,” she said, finishing up her lecture. “You don’t want to find you’ve gone from ‘desirable’ to ‘on the shelf’.”
Keira smiled absently before taking her leave. The truth was, there was no-one in the village that she could imagine spending the rest of her life with. She wasn’t fanciful enough to expect a love match, but she did want to like the person she would be sharing a home and raising children with. She was fortunate that her parents had not yet forced her into marriage, leaving the choice to her, but it was just a matter of time before they took matters into their own hands. Lately the possibility of taking holy orders had been growing more appealing. As a bride of Christ, she would not be a burden to her parents, and her life would have some purpose and direction. She had never felt the calling, but perhaps, she reflected, she had not been listening? And a life of prayer and contemplation was infinitely more attractive than the idea of marrying Edmund.
She had just taken a few steps down the path when the sound of her name being called made her heart sink. She turned around to see Edmund strutting towards her.
“Keira. Where are you going?” 
“Good day, Edmund,” she said.
“I saw you walking with that stranger earlier on. What did he want with you?” A slight emphasis on the last word turned the question into an insult, which Keira chose to ignore.
“We were headed in the same direction, so he offered to walk with me.”
“Well, I don’t like him,” he said. “You should stay away from him.” 
Keira could feel her ire rising as she struggled to keep a steady tone. “Well, since you don’t know him, there is nothing for you to base your dislike on.” 
Edmund glared at her before replying, his voice sullen. “He’s too sure of himself. He walks through our village as though he can do whatever he pleases.” 
Ah, yes, Keira thought to herself, you see someone who is in every way your superior, and you don’t like it. “He seems nice enough to me,” she said.
“Well, stay away from him,” Edmund snarled. “I won’t have my future wife lusting after that cad!” He turned on his heel and walked away. 
Keira shook her head as she watched him go, wondering at his confidence that they would be married. Clearly he thought he had some claim over her, but nothing would ever induce her to marry a man such as him. She turned towards home, and hurried on. The sun was already dipping low in the sky, and there were chores to be completed before this day ended.
 

Chapter 4 
Keira sighed in frustration as she threw handfuls of grain on the hard ground along the side of the house, chickens clamoring around her feet. The sun was just starting to show its face behind the mountains, large and looming in the early morning light. Grabbing her basket, she stooped down at the chicken coop, running her hand carefully over the shelves, looking for newly laid eggs. Her fingers curled gently over the first smooth surface as she pulled it out from the straw and placed it in her basket. 
Feeding the chickens and collecting eggs were Anna’s chores, but the vexatious girl had disappeared before the first rays of sun had lightened the sky. The cow also needed to be milked, and one glance at the creature standing miserably in the field told Keira that the chore needed to be done sooner rather than later. It was a task usually done by Mary, the serving girl, but the girl had been ill of late and the chore fell on Anna’s shoulders in her absence. 
Keira finished collecting the eggs, working as quickly as she dared without risking the fragile shells. Her plan had been to slip away to the small lake hidden in the woods for a quick swim before the morning meal, but as soon as she saw Anna’s empty bed, she knew the futility of such a hope. Anna would probably stay away all morning, confident that Keira would complete her chores for her. Keira had been tempted many times before to just leave Anna to the consequences of her shirking, but her sense of responsibility always won out over her desire for retribution. 
Keira took the basket of eggs into the house before grabbing a stool and pail and heading over to the cow. It was a docile creature, used to the morning routine, and it stood patiently as Keira plunked down the stool and placed the pail beneath its udders. Hitching up her skirts, she sat down on the stool and leaned her head against the animal’s large flank. The sound of the milk hitting the pail soothed Keira’s frustration, and after a few tugs she settled into a steady rhythm of pull and release. The pail was full when she finished, and she swatted her hand against the cow, encouraging her to move away. 
Picking up the pail in one hand, grasping the stool in the other, she turned back towards the house – then stopped as a flash of color caught her eye. Against the wall opposite the house stood Aaron, leaning nonchalantly with his arms crossed over his broad chest, covered in a dark red tunic. His legs were covered in blue hose which disappeared into tall leather boots. A slow grin spread over his features as he pulled himself up and sauntered over to where Keira stood struggling between amusement and annoyance.
“Mistress Keira,” he said, his expression smug as he bowed with a flourish.
“Milord, what a surprise.” She eyed him narrowly. “How long have you been standing there?” 
“Long enough to appreciate a well rounded rump,” he replied, his lips twitching as he held back a laugh. Her eyebrows rose.
“On the cow, of course,” he quickly added. “And it’s just Aaron,” he finished. 
“Hmph,” Keira said. “Is there something I can help you with, milord?”
“Oh, no. I was just walking by, admiring the sights.” 
“What sights?” Keira asked, looking around to see what he could be referring to – before the meaning of his words sunk in, and the color flared in her cheeks. “You are taking liberties, Milord Drake,” she retorted. “Now please excuse me.” She turned towards the house but Aaron quickly stepped in front of her, blocking her path.
“Please, Keira, don’t go. I’m sorry for teasing you. But I did come this way in the hopes of seeing you.” Keira stopped to look up at him, her expression puzzled, and he went on. “You are a beautiful young woman, Keira, and I enjoy talking with you.”
“Why are you in the village so early in the morning?” 
He shrugged. “I have business in the village, and I’m an early riser. There seemed no point in waiting until a later hour to conclude my business.”
“But where’s your horse?” she asked, glancing around.
“I left him tethered in the woods – I prefer walking the final few miles.” 
Keira regarded him curiously. “Why did you decide to move to Storbrook Castle after all these years?” she asked. “I’ve never seen it, but it sounds very remote.”
“And you’re wondering about the rumors,” he concluded, voicing her unspoken thoughts.
“Well, yes, I suppose so,” she said. “There are many stories about Storbrook Castle.” 
Turning his head slightly, Aaron gazed into the distance for a moment before returning his attention to Keira. 
“I came to Storbrook Castle because it is one of many Drake properties,” he said. “I wanted to check the estate and ensure that all was in good order.”
“How long do you plan to stay?” she asked, glancing at the ground as she waited for his answer.
“Well," he answered slowly, "that all depends on how my business here progresses.” She glanced up at his reply, startled to see an intense look in his eyes as his gaze captured hers. She stared at him, unable to look away, until he finally closed his eyes, breaking the spell.
“I need to go inside,” she whispered, her voice shaking. He nodded his head in silence, watching her as she picked up the pail and stool and slowly turned away. 
As she neared the house, she turned back to look at him one more time. He hadn’t moved, his eyes remaining on her as she moved towards the door. She smiled hesitantly at him, then turned back towards the building and disappeared inside.
The rest of the morning passed in a state of stupor, Keira’s mind filled with the stranger who seemed intent on disturbing her peace. Aaron. She repeated his name softly to herself, feeling the sound roll off her tongue. Remembering the way he had looked at her made her stomach flutter. She wondered how long it would be before she saw him again, even as she chided herself for reading too much into his look. He’s a man of the world, she told herself, and you are a naïve village girl. You will be nothing more than a passing fancy, quickly forgotten. She repeated the words, willing herself to put him out of her mind, knowing she was fighting a losing battle.


 
Chapter 5 
Market Day dawned bright and fair, and Keira hummed softly under her breath as she watched her father load up the cart with his handiwork. He had crafted some new pieces, beautifully carved with intricate designs of birds and flowers, and these were carefully placed next to the plainer, more utilitarian pieces already in the cart. Keira smiled to herself when she saw them. Aaron Drake had proven himself to be a loyal customer, and had already bought dozens of plates, bowls and cups, and she knew that her father was hoping he would be enticed to part with further coin to purchase these superior pieces. Once the cart was loaded, Father walked Nelly down the road, steering the aging horse towards the marketplace where he would unload the merchandise before returning back home with the horse and cart. Keira followed a few paces behind, exchanging greetings with her neighbors as she walked by. Despite the early hour, the villagers were already up and about, used as they were to hard work and long days. Like Keira, most of the neighbors had been born in the village, and she knew them all by name. A few children ran out to greet her, and she stopped to give them a hug or sympathize over a scratch or scrape. 
 It was busy at the marketplace when Keira arrived with her father, with merchants milling around as they set up their displays. Keira greeted the other merchants with a smile and a wave as she started arranging the stall, carefully finding a spot of prominence to display the new pieces. By the time she was satisfied with the display, customers were already starting to file past the market stalls, and Keira took up her place behind the table. Her mother would not be coming for another few hours, and Keira enjoyed the small freedom this gave her. At this time of morning, most customers coming to market were there to buy their fresh fruit and vegetables, or to visit the butcher with their meat order for the week, so she was not surprised when her display received no more than a few cursory glances. Instead of watching for customers, she leaned back against the table and allowed the sun’s rays to warm her face, letting the sounds of the market wash over her. 
The sound of a cat yowling in pain brought her to startled attention. It had come from the lane behind the market, and she leapt to her feet, determined to discover the cause of the cat’s distress. As she rounded the corner, the sight of three boys tormenting the animal drew an angry shout.
“What are you doing?” She pushed the boys aside and pulled the terrified creature into her arms. “That’s Dame Lamb’s cat!” 
It clawed at her arm, hissing in anger, but she continued to hold it close, stroking its fur and murmuring under her breath as the cat slowly calmed down. Its fur was matted with blood, and as she looked more closely she was horrified to see a piece of string tied tightly around its tail, ripping through the tender flesh. Clumps of fur lay on the ground, and Keira could smell smoke on the animal – she shuddered to think what the poor animal had endured. With the cat still in her arms, she rounded on the boys as they stood glowering in defiance against the alley wall. She was not surprised to see Matthew, Edmund’s youngest brother, among the boys.
“How dare you treat an animal like this?” she hissed at them, her voice low with anger.
“It’s just a cat,” muttered Matthew, staring at the ground as he stirred the dust with a grubby toe. 
Keira shifted the cat in her arms to her side, clasping it with one hand as she pulled on the ear of the boy with her other. “This is one of God’s creatures. How would you like to be treated like this? And you,” she said, releasing Matthew’s ear and pointing her finger at the other two boys, “you are all horrible little boys to treat a helpless animal like this.” She was about to say more, when a voice from behind cut her off.
“How dare you speak to my brother like that?” Edmund snarled. Keira turned around to see him motion Matthew over with a jerk of his head. Matthew moved over to his brother, relief evident on his face, and his friends quickly followed him.
“He was torturing a cat, Edmund,” she snapped through clenched teeth. “He deserves to be whipped.” 
“Don’t be so stupid,” Edmund said. “You’re the one that should be whipped for being such an interfering busybody. They were just having a bit of fun.” He advanced towards her as he spoke, his hands raised with the intention to strike, and Keira took a step backward, stopping when she felt her back against the wall. Wriggling free of her arms, the cat darted away, disappearing around the corner. The menace on Edmund’s face sent a sliver of fear through Keira, and she glanced around, wondering if there was a way of escape. Seeing none, she pushed herself up to her fullest height and stared straight at Edmund.
“Your brother is a bully, picking on a helpless creature, and so are you, Edmund Hobbes. If you strike me it will just increase the contempt I have for you!” 
Her eyes widened as he pulled his hand back, and as his fist swung through the air she closed her eyes and braced herself for the blow. But at that moment the sound of a savage growl reached her ears, followed by a dull thud. Her eyes flew open in time to see Edmund flying through the air before hitting the wall opposite, crumbling to the ground in a heap. Next to her stood Aaron, his eyes blazing as he glared at Edmund.
“Get up, you coward,” he ordered. “Keira is right, you are nothing but a bully. And only a coward would ever strike a woman. If you come near her again, I will make sure it is the last thing you ever do.”
“Keira is mine,” Edmund hissed as he pushed himself up from the ground. Aaron stared at him for a moment, astonishment etching his features, before he threw his head back and let out a loud laugh. 
“Not only are you a coward and a bully, but I believe you are also deluded,” he said. “I seriously doubt that Keira will ever shackle herself to a man such as you, but perhaps we should ask the lady herself.” He turned to Keira, his face suddenly serious. “Mistress Keira, what do you have to say to this?” 
Keira looked at Aaron for a moment before slowly turning her face to Edmund, her expression contemptuous. 
“I will never be yours,” she ground out. “Now go. Get out of my sight!”
“You heard the lady,” said Aaron, when Edmund didn’t move. “Go!” 
With an ugly expression of abhorrence, Edmund glanced from Keira back to Aaron before turning and stalking out of the alley. As he disappeared around the corner, Keira slumped back against the wall, her legs trembling. 
“I fear I’ve made an enemy for life,” she whispered, struggling to hold back tears.
“Don’t be fearful,” said Aaron, moving to stand in front of her. “Edmund knows that going after you will incur my wrath, and he is too much the coward to take that risk.” When Aaron reached out for her, Keira allowed herself to be pulled gently into his arms. She leaned her head against his chest, reveling in the feeling of safety she found in his strong arms. His hand was soothing on her back as he rubbed small circles between her shoulder blades. She lay in his embrace for a few more moments, before reluctantly pulling herself away. 
“How did you come to be here?” she asked.
“I heard you yelling at the boys,” he said, “so I came to lend you my support. I almost lost all control when I saw Edmund about to hit you. If he had managed to land that blow, he would not have walked out of this alley alive,” he added darkly, turning his face away. His jaw was clenched in anger, and Keira felt her heart racing as she realized that his threat was completely serious, and just what a formidable adversary he could be.
“Why do you care?” she asked in a whisper. 
Aaron slowly turned his head back to look down at her, his eyes holding hers as he slowly replied.
“Sweet Keira,” he started in a soft voice, but whatever else he was about to say was lost when the sound of footsteps alerted them to someone’s approach. “It’s your mother,” he said with a slight grimace, “and she’s incensed.” He stepped back to put some distance between them. 
“How …” started Keira, but he held up a hand to silence her.
“Sshh!”`
A moment later Keira’s mother rounded the corner. She glanced suspiciously back and forth between Aaron and Keira, but Aaron just smiled as he swept his hat off in a bow.
“Madam Carver,” he said. 
Mother responded to his greeting with a curt nod before turning to her daughter. 
“You weren’t at the stall, Keira,” she said. “Edmund told me I might find you here, along with this man. What do you have to say for yourself?” Her arms were folded across her chest, and her foot tapped the ground as she waited for her daughter’s response. She shot Aaron a hard look before returning her gaze to Keira. 
“Some boys were torturing Dame Lamb’s cat, Mother,” Keira explained, “including Matthew Hobbes. I had to stop them. Milord Drake heard the commotion and came to investigate.”
“Edmund said that you and he had argued, but seeing you here, alone, in an alley with this man,” Mother said, nodding in Aaron’s direction, “gives me more reason for concern than the fate of a cat.”
“If he hadn’t arrived when he did,” Keira shot back, her voice rising in anger, “then perhaps Edmund hitting me would have been a reason for concern, Mother.” 
“Why in the world would Edmund hit you?” asked Mother.
“Because he’s a bully,” was Keira’s instant reply. 
“Come now, Keira, I’m sure Edmund wouldn’t have hit you. You must have misread his intention.” Mother’s voice was placating now, and Keira felt her annoyance mounting and a heated response quickly springing to her lips. Aaron’s cold voice stopped the words before they left her mouth.
“Edmund was fully intending to injure your daughter, Madam Carver,” Aaron said, his eyebrows pulled together in a frown of disapproval, “and he would have done so if I had not intervened.” 
Mother turned to Aaron, her expression clearly disapproving of his interference, but he met her stare unflinchingly, his hard eyes boring into her own. She stared at him for a few moments before dropping her gaze and glancing back at her daughter.
“Come, Keira,” she said over her shoulder as she headed out of the alley, ignoring Aaron. 
As Keira turned to go he stepped towards her, his hand brushing gently over hers as she walked past. She smiled up at him, before hurrying after the retreating figure of her mother.
 


Chapter 6 
The dragon swooped down low, circling the village. As usual, the villagers were scrambling to get away from the threat, but Keira stood and watched the mighty beast as it glided and swirled through the air, admiring its grace and elegance. The sun glanced off the golden armor of the creature, making it shine lustrously. The unhurried movement of the dragon through the air reminded Keira of the dance troupes that toured the countryside, ready to exhibit their talents for a crowd willing to part with a few pennies. Keira was the only one watching the dragon’s performance, but when the dragon circled around again it looked directly at her, giving her the impression that the show was exclusively for her benefit. The dragon circled above the village one more time before turning towards the mountains, gliding on a swirling eddy of wind. 
Keira was about to turn away when she saw that the dragon was losing height, descending near an open area in the distance. She watched for a moment, then suddenly spurred herself to a run as she realized that the dragon was headed in the direction of the lake. The dragon dropped behind the trees as she ran, and a moment later, Keira saw a sudden burst of light brightening the sky, competing with the sunlight before slowly fading away. She pushed herself to run faster, twisting between the trees in the wood, hoping that the dragon would still be there when she arrived. 
Ten minutes later, panting and sweaty, Keira approached the lake. She slowed down as she drew close, not wanting to disturb the creature – if indeed he was still here – but just catch a glimpse of him as he rested. Even though she was sure the dragon wouldn’t harm her, she knew it would be foolish to act on this belief. Dragons were powerful creatures, known to kill and eat humans; and just one swipe of a claw, or breath from his mouth, would see her in the grave. She sidled quietly around the trees, stopping at the edge of the clearing that opened to the lake. Peeking between the branches, Keira glanced around, searching for the large form of a beast in the wide clearing. But instead of a dragon, the sight that met her eyes made her draw in her breath in a gasp. 
Standing across the clearing at the edge of the lake, his back to her, stood Aaron, water running from his hair down his back as he pulled a long tunic over his bare body, his loose hair clinging to his shoulders. Although a good distance away, he lifted his head at the sound of her gentle gasp and quickly spun around, his glance taking in her form in an instant. Keira stared at him for one horrified moment, then turned around and ran back through the trees.
“Keira, wait,” he called, but she shook her head in mortification and carried on running. She could hear his footsteps already directly behind her, and she urged herself forward, but to no avail. Before she could go any further he reached out his hand and grabbed her arm, spinning her around on her heel and catching her when she fell off balance. She gasped as her hands fell against his chest, jerking them away as the color rose in her cheeks at the intimate touch. 
“Please, let me go,” she cried, but he just loosened his grip slightly around her arm.
“Keira,” he said, “it’s all right. There’s no need to run.” He ran his hand gently down her cheek, the heat from his hand spreading into her skin as she stared up at him. He let go of her arm, but kept his hand near her elbow, ready to catch her if she tried to run again.
“What are you doing here?” he asked.
“I … I thought I saw the dragon landing here,” she replied. “I sometimes come here to swim,” she added when he didn’t respond. 
“And instead of a dragon, you found me.”
“Yes,” she whispered. 
He gazed down at her for a long moment, lifting his hand and gently stroking her cheek again. He let his warm fingers glide down her neck before slipping his hand behind her head, pushing his fingers through her long, thick hair. He pulled her a little closer, his thin tunic offering her little protection from the searing warmth of his skin. His eyes glowed like burnished gold as he gazed into hers, making her breath catch. He lowered his head and gently kissed her on the lips, his touch the barest whisper of untold pleasures. Instinctively she leaned towards him, but then pulled away, shocked at her response.
“Please don’t,” she whispered.
“Why not?” he demanded softly. He bent down again, but she shook her head.
“Please,” she whispered again. He drew back and looked into her eyes, his eyebrows raised in question.
“I must go,” she said, pulling away even more. 
“Keira,” he said, grasping her by the arm once again, “please don’t run away.”
“Aaron.” She turned back to him, gazing up into his golden eyes. “I don’t want to be some passing fancy that you quickly forget. Soon you will be gone again, off to some new place with new hearts to conquer, but I’ll still be here, and I don’t want to be left a miserable, pining spinster. My heart is the only thing that is truly mine to give – even my maidenhead can be taken against my will, or given away by my parents. And I would give my heart to someone who would value it, without the risk of it being broken.”
“Loving someone is always a risk, Keira, but if you are prepared to take the risk, then the rewards are beyond telling.” He paused, gazing deeply into her eyes. She could feel her pulse racing as he looked at her, leaning closer to whisper in her ear. “Sweet Keira, take a risk on me, because I’m in love with you.” 
Keira pulled back and stared at him in shock, her mind reeling. He returned her gaze steadily, the gold in his eyes burning even brighter. The breath caught in her throat as she stared at him, before she reluctantly pulled her gaze away.
“Oh, Aaron,” she said. “How many other women have you said that to?”
“You are the only one, my sweet,” whispered Aaron. Skepticism suffused Keira’s features as she looked back at him. She longed to believe his words, but she couldn’t silence the doubts screaming in her mind. Aaron pulled her closer, tangling his hands even tighter into her hair.
“I have lived a long time,” he said, “far longer than you may suppose, and I won’t deny that there have been other women, when the loneliness became too much to bear. But apart from my mother, you are the only woman I have ever loved, and the only one I have ever said those words to.” 
He gazed down into Keira’s eyes, his expression intense, before once again lowering his lips to hers. This time she didn’t pull away as his lips brushed gently against hers, his arms holding her close. 
He pulled back to look once more into her eyes, before the sound of someone crashing through the trees made him lift his gaze swiftly, his expression suddenly hardening.
“Another interruption. Your sister’s coming,” he growled, his lips brushing her ear before he let go of her arms and took a step back. Keira looked at him in surprise as Anna broke through the undergrowth a few feet from where they stood.
“Keira,” she started, before her eyes widened at the sight of Aaron. Anna looked back at her sister in disbelief before a sly grin crossed her face. “Mother has been looking for you, and sent me to find you. I wonder what she’ll say when she hears that I found you with a half-naked man hidden in the woods.” Anna sniggered, then turned around and raced away.
“Anna,” Keira shouted. “Anna!” 
She turned back to Aaron. “I have to go – I must stop her telling Mother.” Before Aaron had a chance to respond she took off after her sister. 
Keira finally caught up with Anna as they approached the village. “Anna, please, you mustn’t tell Mother,” she pleaded, grabbing Anna by the arm.
“Hmm,” Anna said with a smirk. “What’s it worth to you?” 
Keira groaned, knowing that she was about to pay dearly for Anna’s untimely arrival at the lake.
A few minutes of heated negotiation finally ended when Keira reluctantly agreed to do Anna’s chores for the next week. 
 
It could have been much worse, she consoled herself later that day. Her feet were tired, and she shifted her weight from foot to foot as she gathered bunches of fragrant herbs, tying them with twine before stringing them up over the kitchen rafters. A week will go by quickly.
It was much later in the day when Keira was finally able to escape the house, her footsteps meandering aimlessly. She lifted her fingers to her mouth, tentatively running them over her lips, remembering the gentle way Aaron had kissed her. The memory sent a shiver down her spine, and her heart pounded as his words ran through her mind. Could it be true? Could a man like Aaron possibly love such a simple country girl? Careful, Keira, she told herself, don’t land up with a broken heart. 

Chapter 7 
Keira glanced up at the sky as she walked determinedly along the cobbled street. It was a beautiful, sunny day, but clouds were starting to gather on the horizon, promising a wet evening. A basket hung over her arm, swaying in time with each step she took as she headed towards her goal. Turning into a covered entranceway, Keira pushed open the door to the haberdasher’s shop, causing the small bell above the door to tinkle. As the proprietor looked up, she smiled and nodded in response to his greeting, and headed over to the counter of colorful ribbons and laces. 
By the time Keira emerged from the small shop into the sunlight, bright hanks of ribbons spilling color from her basket, almost an hour had sped by. She walked more slowly than before, reluctant to head home now that her afternoon errands were complete. The clouds on the horizon were looming closer, tall stacks of fluffiness, like puffs of seeds on a tall reed. The sun still shone brightly, as though determined to keep the upper hand against the impending rain, but Keira knew it was fighting a losing battle. Soon the clouds would block out the warmth and light, replacing them with gloom and rain. Lost in her thoughts, Keira didn’t hear the approaching footsteps that fell in with hers, until a soft voice spoke in her ear. 
“You look like you are a thousand miles away, my sweet. What lands are you busy traversing?” At the sound of his voice, Keira jumped, before looking up at Aaron sheepishly.
“I didn’t even realize you were there.” 
“You should be more vigilant,” he warned with a grin. “The dragon will have you in his grasp before you even know it is there, if you continue to walk with your head in the clouds.”
“I’m not worried about the dragon. And that’s exactly where my head was,” Keira said with a laugh.
“It was?” He looked up at the clouds dubiously, before turning his gaze back to Keira. “How could your head be in the clouds, when you are clearly here on this narrow street?” 
“You know perfectly well what I mean by that, Aaron Drake,” she responded pertly. 
Aaron laughed and moved a little closer, allowing his arm to brush against hers. Keira shivered at the touch, all thoughts suddenly chased from her mind as his gaze caught hers. He crooked his elbow, inviting her to rest her hand on his arm, then placed his hand over hers when she did so. He leaned a little closer, his warm breath brushing her ear. 
“So, my sweet, tell me what you were busy daydreaming.” His face was so close to hers, Keira was sure that their lips would meet if she just turned a little more towards him. Instead, she looked away, drawing in a deep breath as she marshaled her thoughts together. It took a moment, but when she replied, her voice was steady.
“I was imagining what it would be like to ride atop one of those clouds,” she said. “The entire world lying below you as you slowly drifted through the sky. I wonder what the world looks like from up there.” Keira glanced at Aaron, wondering if he was laughing at her, but his face wore a curious smile. As she spoke, the light of the sun was suddenly cloaked for a brief moment before displaying its full glory once more. Keira turned her face up to the sky again as Aaron watched. “Look how fast the clouds are moving,” she said. “In just a single day they travel over villages and fields, across the mountains and past the city on the other side. Wouldn’t it be incredible to travel with them?” She turned back to Aaron, her face aglow with delight. “Maybe there are faeries in the clouds that are watching us right now.”
“Faeries?” Aaron said in surprise.
“Yes, faeries,” she repeated. “Master Rutlidge, our tutor, always scoffed at the idea of faeries. He used to say that educated people don’t believe in faeries anymore. Is that what you think?”
“Well,” Aaron replied, picking his words carefully. “I’ve never seen a faerie before.” 
“Just because you haven’t seen one doesn’t mean they don’t exist,” she retorted. “Dragons exist, so why not faeries?” 
“Well, you know dragons exist because you’ve seen them,” Aaron pointed out.
“Yes, that’s true,” she responded thoughtfully. “But I’d never seen a dragon until one moved into the mountains, and I still believed dragons existed.”
“That’s because others could attest to the existence of dragons,” he said. “After all, everyone in the village knows the stories of the dragon who was here before.” 
Keira looked at Aaron with a grin as she delivered her coup de grace. “And Dame Lamb can attest to the existence of faeries. She has spoken with them, you know.” She smiled shamelessly as Aaron rolled his eyes in defeat. 
The pair walked along in silence for a few minutes as the clouds continued to pile up, their fluffy white puffs turning more and more grey and ominous. Aaron pulled Keira’s hand further over his arm, closing the small distance between them. When Keira turned her face towards him with a smile, her eyes widened in surprise – his expression was solemn as he looked down at her.
“What is it, Aaron? You look so serious.”
“Keira, there’s something I need to tell you.” No sooner had the words left his mouth than a large drop of rain fell to the ground, quickly followed by a second and a third. Keira put her head down as the skies opened, releasing a gushing waterfall onto the land below. Pulling her arm from Aaron’s, she quickly turned to him with a rueful expression. 
“Goodbye, Aaron,” she said, and before he had a chance to respond, she dashed away through the torrent in the direction of home, clutching her basket to her chest in an attempt to keep the contents dry. If she had turned around, she would have seen Aaron watching her as she sped away, oblivious to the rain soaking through his clothes, before turning around and heading in the opposite direction. 
 
Chapter 8 
The mist was thick on the ground when Keira crept out of the house at dawn a few days later. She glanced back to ensure that Anna wasn’t following her, then took off down the path in the direction of the woods. She had fulfilled her agreement with Anna regarding her chores, but she wouldn’t put it past her sister to sneak after her and check out what she was doing – especially if she could use it against her. 
Keira told herself she was just going for a quick swim, but if she was honest, she knew she was really hoping against all hope that Aaron would be there again. Keira shuddered at her newfound wantonness, dreading to think what would happen if her mother found out she had spoken to Aaron – an older man, and a newcomer to the area – when he was wearing nothing but his tunic. And not just talking – kissing him too. It was clear that her mother had taken a dislike to him, despite the fact that he had become a regular customer, even asking Keira’s father to create custom pieces and paying him handsomely for his services. 
 Keira had seen Aaron several times at the market since their chance meeting at the lake, but apart from the time they’d been caught in the rain there wasn’t opportunity for more than a few words of greeting. But his smile whenever he saw her, the way his gaze lingered on her, made tingles run down her spine. 
She glanced at the sky as she walked. The early morning sun was starting to burn off the lingering mist, promising another hot, sunny day. Her eyes searched the horizon for the dragon, but returned to the path when she didn’t see the creature. It had been seen circling the village more frequently of late, though there still hadn’t been any reports of missing maidens. Keira always stopped to watch it as it circled around in the sky, and sometimes she knew the dragon was watching her, too. 
She was so lost in her thoughts that she was already near the clearing when the sound of voices ahead of her penetrated her mind. She stopped, the tension quickly rising as she recognized Edmund’s voice, the trees around her making his voice sound muffled and hollow. He was not alone, and a moment later Keira heard Edmund’s friend Alan calling out a response. Keira’s heart hammered in her chest, and she took in a deep, slow breath, holding it a moment before gradually exhaling through her lips in an effort to still the pounding. When it was clear that the boys hadn’t heard her, Keira cautiously backed up, holding her breath as she did so, tentatively placing one foot behind the other. She had only gone a few paces when the sound of a snapping twig echoing through the air made her freeze. She held her breath as the conversation in the clearing abruptly stopped in midsentence. 
“Hey, who’s there?” rang Alan’s voice through the trees.
“Go check it out, Alan,” Edmund said.
At the sound of Edmund’s words, Keira spun around and started to run, paying no heed to the noise she was making. She could hear Alan giving chase, and she pushed herself to run faster, but to no avail. In a few moments he caught up with her and grabbed at her arm painfully, causing her to trip and fall onto the forest floor. 
“Well, look who we have here,” Alan said. “I’m sure Edmund will be interested to see the bird I’ve snared!” He wore nothing but an undershirt that hung down to his knees, clinging to skin wet from the lake. 
“Let me go!” She tugged at her arm, trying to pull it out of his grasp, but Alan was broad and beefy, and his grip on her was unyielding. He hauled Keira to her feet, and maintaining his grip on her arm, dragged her back towards the lake. Alan threw Keira into the clearing and she landed in a sprawl near Edmund’s feet. Edmund’s eyes widened momentarily before a leering smirk slowly spread across his face. 
“Well, well, well!” he sneered. “Look who’s here, and all alone, too. I don’t see any sign of your protector, Keira – I think that means I was right all along. You are mine to do with as I please.” 
Keira pushed herself up to her knees as a cold sprawl of dread mushroomed out from the pit of her stomach. She quickly glanced around, trying to discover a means of escape, but Alan anticipated her attempt and placed his foot on her back, forcing her back onto the ground. She spat out a mouthful of dirt and dried leaves as Edmund laughed. He reached down and grabbed a fistful of her hair, painfully pulling her face up to meet his.
“Your fancy gentleman needs to learn that he’s a stranger in these parts, and our affairs don’t concern him. Moving into the area does not mean he can start threatening the good people of this village. And if you value your life, you will not go running back to him to tell of our little encounter.” Edmund dropped his hold on Keira’s hair, and her face fell back onto the ground. Edmund laughed again before kicking Keira in the side.
“Get up, wench. Come serve your master.” 
Keira looked at him in horror as she pushed herself onto her knees. She knew exactly what Edmund planned to do, and her ire bubbled to the surface. “Never! You will never be my master, Edmund. Now let me go!” 
Edmund’s face mottled with rage, his eyes narrowing as he looked at her. Grabbing her arm, he pushed her over in the dirt and turned her onto her back. Before she had a chance to scramble away, he was straddling her. 
He was wearing a long thin shirt, but had nothing on beneath it. Grabbing with one hand, he pulled it up to his waist, then reached down and tugged up Keira’s skirts.
“No, please Edmund, don’t do this,” Keira begged, struggling against him. 
He placed his hands on her wrists and pinned her down to the ground. The feel of his tongue suddenly being forced into her mouth made her jerk her head to the side, and she heard Edmund growl in anger before he landed a sharp slap against her cheek, his nails tearing at her skin. 
She cried out in pain, but the sound was swallowed up by a load roar that thundered through the air. Fire sparked around them, embers falling to the ground, and with a rush of wind, Edmund was suddenly off her as huge talons, sharp as razors, encircled his chest and waist. The boy’s arms and legs flailed uselessly as he struggled against the dragon’s iron grip, his shirt ripping to shreds as the dragon’s claws dug into his flesh. The relief Keira felt at being released from her torment turned to terror as she watched the huge creature above her. Sparks spewed from its mouth, while its huge wings churned dust into the air and overhead the trees creaked and groaned against the sudden onslaught of wind and flame.
The dragon made a sharp turn in the air and opening its claws, released Edmund from its grasp, dropping him to the ground below. His screams turned to cries of pain as his body struck the hard surface, knocking over Alan who had been making a valiant effort to flee. Swooping down low, the dragon grasped Keira in its claws, making her shriek in fright. She lashed out with her arms, trying to free herself from its grasp, but to no avail. Instead, the dragon clasped its claws more firmly around her, ignoring her cries. The dragon made one more turn, then came in low over the boys, throwing a stream of flame at them. 
Edmund and Alan scrambled back in panic as the flames shot to the ground around them, sparks flying into their hair and onto their clothes. As a final gesture, the dragon smacked its tail against the boys as it streamed by, sending them flying into the air. 
With Keira clasped in its claws, the dragon swooped upwards into the morning sky. Unlike the merciless grip the dragon had imprisoned Edmund with, the talons curled around Keira were gentle even as they held her in an unrelenting grasp. Keira struggled in vain to free herself from the restraints, twisting and turning in the hope of slipping from the dragon's hold, but a chance glance down at the ground, now rushing far below them, put an effective stop to her struggles, as she suddenly clutched the thick leg of her captor, afraid of falling. Although its scales did not extend down its leg, the dragon’s skin was rough and incredibly hard, and Keira could feel her hands and arms being scraped raw as she clung to the powerful limbs. The air rushing past her was warm from the flames still spewing from the dragon’s mouth, as the creature pushed higher and higher towards the mountains, leaving the clearing and village far behind; and although it held her cradled gently in its claws, she could feel waves of anger pulsing from the mighty beast. 
Dread gripped Keira’s heart as she wondered where the beast was taking her, and what it planned to do with her once it got there. The scent of her fear filled the air around her, easily caught by the dragon, and it let out a deep sigh, flames pouring from its mouth, before looking down at her, its golden eyes blazing. 
“You needn’t fear, Keira,” it said. “Unlike those craven curs, I’m not going to harm you, or eat you for breakfast. I would have liked to make a meal of those boys, though,” it added darkly, its jaw clenching with fury as it said the words, making Keira shiver in terror. 
“You’re talking,” she gasped. “How can you be talking? You’re a dragon! A beast! And where are you taking me? Please, just let me go.” Her voice trembled, fear curling through the pit of her stomach despite the dragon’s assurances. The dragon might have saved her from Edmund, but it could have an even worse fate in store. The thoughts were churning through Keira’s mind, but suddenly something else penetrated. 
“How do you know my name?” she demanded. 
The dragon gave a hard laugh before straightening its neck once more. A few moments passed before it responded.
“There’s much we need to discuss, Keira,” it finally said. “But this is not quite how I envisaged having this conversation. Let me find a good place to land, and then we can talk.” 
Keira wondered what the dragon considered a good place to land. Some smelly cave, maybe? The idea wasn’t very reassuring, but it did make her think of Aaron – hadn’t he said that he would rescue her, should she be captured by the dragon? Storbrook Castle was built atop a tall mountain, so perhaps he would see her in the dragon’s grasp and set out to rescue her from the creature’s lair. The thought make Keira smile, despite her dire circumstance. Her mind turned back to her captor’s words: something about the dragon’s voice tugged at Keira’s memory, but it scattered in her mind before she was able to grab hold of it. Despite her fear, she could not help but marvel at the splendid creature that was carrying her through the air. From her vantage point she could see the body of the dragon, massive above her. Its huge wings spread out above its body, gracefully cutting through the air, while the strong tail streamed out behind. Flames continued to rush from its mouth, the heat curling around Keira before dissipating in the cool morning air. 
The land below them changed from fields to mountains. As a large alpine meadow spread out below them the dragon slowly began to descend, dropping Keira gently as it neared the ground. She let out a sigh of relief that she wasn’t in the monster’s lair, even as she watched in amazement while the mighty creature came to a graceful stop a few feet away, folding its wings onto its back, and curling its tail as it lay down on the ground facing her. Keira trembled slightly as she gazed at the enormous creature. Even lying down, its head towered above her, power rippling through its massive form. Golden horns stretched backwards from the top of its skull and blended with the sharp spikes that ran down the length of its long neck. The folded wings sprouted from its broad back, which ran into a formidable tail, fiercely armed with more spikes. The tail was the length of the dragon’s body, and even at its tip, Keira would not have been able to wrap her hands around it. The upper part of its body was covered in scales, as hard and strong as iron, while the skin beneath looked tough and leathery. Two pairs of legs, thick as small tree trunks, stretched from its underbody; they ended in sharp claws that could rip out the heart of any enemy with ease. It was an awesome and terrifying creature, and Keira’s heart drummed out a fearful tattoo as she gazed at the mighty beast, wondering what it intended to do with her. 

Chapter 9 
As Keira watched the mighty beast before her, the dragon bent its neck into a graceful arch downward, bringing its face closer to her eye level, its golden cat-like eyes watching her intently. Keira quelled the desire to step back, instead keeping her feet firmly planted as she continued to gaze at the dragon. 
“Why did you take me?” she finally asked, shuddering at the thought of what might have been. She lifted her hand to her cheek, feeling the sting of scratches scored down her face. A flash of sharp teeth made her draw in her breath as the dragon replied with a growl.
“I’m sorry Keira,” it said. “I should have been there sooner. When I think of what that boy was about to do …” The dragon stopped and pulled in a breath. “I shouldn’t have left him alive.” 
Keira trembled at the thought. “But why?” she said. “What does it matter to you?” 
The dragon stared at her for a long moment, until finally it breathed out a sigh, sending sparks flaring from its nostrils. “Come closer, Keira,” it said.
 Keira hesitated, wondering what the dragon intended to do with her. 
“I’m not going to hurt you,” the dragon said.
She looked at the mighty beast before her and suppressed a shudder. Its claws rested on the ground, razor-sharp and menacing. She could see its pointed teeth and knew that it could rip her to shreds in an instant, or burn her to a crisp with one hot breath. One swipe of its massive tail could send her flying through the air, or leave her broken on the ground. Keira knew that the dragon could wield mighty power with barely any effort, striking fear into the hearts of many brave men. But as she looked at the dragon, gazing into eyes that blazed like the fire it breathed, she felt her fears slowly melt away.
“I know,” she replied softly. ”I believe you, even though you terrify me.”
“Why?” asked the dragon. “You know that I could kill you as easily as you would swat at a mosquito. Maybe I only saved you so that I could have you for breakfast! Maidens taste especially sweet first thing in the morning.” 
Keira grimaced before slowly replying. “You said you wouldn’t hurt me, and I trust you. I’ve heard plenty of stories about dragons, but you make me feel …” She searched for the right word. “Safe.” 
The bony ridge above the dragon’s eyes lifted in astonishment. “Come,” it said. Keira hesitated another moment before slowly walking towards the beast. 
“Touch me,” the dragon said softly. Keira stretched out a trembling hand and gently placed it against the dragon’s neck, her hand small against the giant. The dragon watched her with its golden eyes as she gently stroked its scales with her fingers. They were smooth, like plates of gold melded together. Moving slowly, she ran her hands along the wide neck and down to the side of the dragon, walking along its length, from the body to the tail, marveling at the smooth feel of the mighty armor.
“You are so beautiful, dragon,” whispered Keira. “A beautiful drake.” The dragon turned its head towards her at her words, but Keira ignored it as she continued to run her hands down the powerful sides of the beast. Turning back, she ran her hands along the length of its tail, the dragon lifting it slightly in response to her touch, before gently smacking it back down on the ground.
“Show me your wings,” she said softly. Slowly the dragon unfurled its wings, dropping the tips until they rested on the ground. Keira gaped at the size of them, stretching out twelve feet on either side of its body. She reached up to touch the massive appendages, slowly running her hands against the smooth surface. She expected them to feel hard and leathery, but instead they felt soft, as though woven from many strands of silk. The dragon shuddered slightly at her gentle touch before bending its head closer, golden eyes gleaming.
“Keira,” it said softly, “my sweet.” She turned slightly in surprise as the dragon watched her reaction. “You asked me why I saved you. And how I know your name.” The dragon paused, watching her with eyes blazing with intensity. “Keira, you already know the answers, because you already know me, as I know you. There is no reason for you to fear me, because I would never hurt you. You see me now as I truly am – a dragon capable of terrifying acts.” The dragon lifted his head and blew out a long stream of fiercely blazing flames, before lowering it again and bringing it close to hers once more, his gaze holding hers. “Keira, you already know me as something else. You know that, don’t you?” 
Keira gazed at the dragon for a long moment, her mind in turmoil as she tried to accept what her heart already knew, before responding in a whisper.
“Yes, I know you.”
“Say my name, Keira,” he said, but she remained silent. “Say it, my sweet.” 
“Aaron,” she said softly. “Your name is Aaron Drake.” The dragon gazed at her for a long moment, his eyes burning into hers as she looked back.
“My sweet Keira,” he murmured. “Do I scare you?” 
“No,” she whispered. Tentatively, the dragon lifted a claw and gently brushed the back of it down her cheek. His warm breath washed over her, smelling of fire and musk. Keira took a step towards him, and he lowered his massive head, bringing his eyes level with hers. Reaching up her hand, she placed it between his eyes, running it down the bony length of his snout. Sparks flew from his nostrils as he closed his eyes for a moment, reveling in her touch, before opening them again.
 “Stand back, Keira,” he said, “and look away.” 
Keira took a few steps back, her heart racing in her chest as she continued to gaze at the dragon. 
“Further back, over by that rock,” he said. “And turn your face away – your human eyes cannot tolerate the light.” 
Keira walked backwards to the rock he had pointed out, then stared at him for a long moment before turning around. A bright flash of light lit up the area around her before slowly fading away.
“Keep looking away,” she heard Aaron call. “I need to clothe myself.” She waited a moment, her face turned away, until she heard his footsteps approaching. She turned back to him slowly, feeling shy and uncertain, but when he pulled her into his arms and softly kissed her, she felt her trepidation melting away. He wore a pair of loose trousers, but his chest was bare, his skin golden, and she could feel the heat of him through the thin fabric of her kirtle as he held her close. Her eyes widened in surprise when she saw the tips of wings behind his shoulders, tightly folded against his back. He pulled away slightly to look her in the eyes.
“Are you all right, my sweet?” he asked. She gazed up into his eyes, shining gold, and nodded slowly. She could feel her swift staccato pulse beneath her skin, her mind still reeling. Aaron lifted his hand, gently running his thumb against her lower lip before cupping her cheek. Her mouth opened slightly in response to his touch, and in a moment his lips were on hers again. She gasped at the unfamiliar touch of his tongue against her lips before opening her mouth further in response. The air from his mouth was hot, spilling into her mouth and over her skin like a flame, shooting waves of desire through her body. Her hands rose to his neck as she wrapped her fingers into his hair, pulling him closer. She heard a faint rustling sound, and pulled away slightly to see that he had unfurled his wings, wrapping them around them both like a cocoon, protecting them from the world. She slid her hands down from his neck, gently stroking the area where his wings spread from his back, and he moaned in response, pulling her tighter, deepening the kiss.
 
Chapter 10 
The sun was high in the sky as they lay in the grass of the alpine meadow, talking quietly, his arms wrapped around her as she lay against his chest. His wings were gone, and except for slight ridges along the length of his spine, there was nothing to show that he ever had wings sprouting from his back.
 “When you’re like this, in human form, can you do the things you can do as a dragon?” Keira asked. Aaron looked at her for a moment before slowly replying.
“You see me in the form of a human,” he said, “but I am a dragon – in whatever form I take. The qualities you see as being those of a dragon are always a part of me. I’m not human, Keira, even when I look and act human. Can you understand that?”
“So even like this, you’re still … a dragon?” She sat up, pulling her knees up to her chest as she gazed at the ground, trying to grasp what he was saying.
“Yes.” Aaron watched her for a moment, before sitting up and shifting himself to face her. He placed a finger under her chin, forcing her to look into his eyes, then slid his hand around her neck, pulling her slightly closer. “Can you accept that, Keira? Can you accept me for what I am?” 
Keira gazed at him, her eyes wide, as a slew of emotions assaulted her. All her life, she had been taught to fear dragons. Stories of their ferociousness and cruelty had been a part of her childhood, and although she trusted this dragon, she didn’t doubt that the stories were true.
“Do you eat people?” 
“Yes, amongst other things. And never the innocent,” he replied, his gaze unwavering. 
Keira gulped, closing her eyes. “How old are you?” she asked.
“A hundred and five,” he replied. 
She lifted a hand up to her face, hiding her closed eyes. A moment later, she felt him gently pull her hand away, as he leaned closer to her.
“Open your eyes, Keira, and look at me,” he whispered. 
She opened her eyes slowly, catching her breath when she saw his burning brightly only inches away. They blazed like flames contained behind a sheet of glass, the color shifting and moving as he gazed at her. There was nothing human about them, but as she looked at him, she felt the last of her fears float away. It didn’t matter that he was a dragon, that he wasn’t human. What mattered was that he loved her. She lifted her hand to his face, gently running her fingers across his forehead and down his cheeks before tracing them across his lips. “I love you, Aaron Drake,” she said, “no matter what you are.” 
Keira hadn’t thought it was possible for his eyes to burn any more brightly, but in the moment before his lips touched hers, they seemed to blaze as brilliantly as the sun. His warmth radiated through her as his arm slipped around her waist, pulling her closer. His arm stayed around her when he broke the kiss, his forehead resting against hers.
“As I love you, Keira Carver,” he murmured. “I loved you from the first moment I saw you, my sweet, and it wasn’t in the marketplace.” He laughed softly.
“It wasn’t?” She pulled back in surprise before realization sunk in. “Of course, it was when you flew over the village.”
“That’s right,” he said. “You showed no fear at all. Just curiosity, and … something else I couldn’t quite place.”
“It was awe,” she whispered, “you looked so beautiful.”
“Ah, Keira,” he said, dropping his lips to hers again.
“So tell me what dragons can do,” she said later, when they drew apart. 
“Well, fly, of course.”
“Even as a human?” she asked in surprise. “Or as a human-looking dragon,” she amended with a smile.
“Yes, of course,” he said. “You’ve seen my wings.”
“Oh … yes,” she said, the heat rising in her cheeks. “And what about breathing fire?” 
“Well, clearly I don’t breathe fire all the time, otherwise you would be a burnt offering,” he replied. Before she had a chance to respond, he grabbed a few twigs, and placing them on a nearby rock, blew a stream of bright orange flames from his mouth, igniting them in a second. “But the fire is always within me."
She gazed at him in shock before shaking her head slightly. “What else?” she asked.
“Well, I have the strength of a … um … dragon,” he said, a grin lurking around the corners of his mouth, “and of course, I have far better eyesight and hearing than a human. I need to be able to see fair maidens from quite a distance, you know.” 
Keira glared at him, and he pulled her into his arms. “But I limit myself to the beautiful ones,” he murmured into her ear, the laughter in his voice turning rough with desire, matching the passion she felt lick through her body. His lips moved against hers, before trailing down her neck and across her shoulder. His breath was hot on her skin, and she shivered with pleasure. They had been sitting on the ground, but he pulled her to her feet in one fluid motion, wrapping his arms around her as his lips returned to hers. She leaned into him as their feet left the ground, his arms tight around her, his wings which had sprung from his back now unfurled, beating a gentle rhythm as they held them both aloft, floating through the air. When she pulled back to draw in a breath, they were high above the ground, the meadow just a speck beneath them.
A look of panic flashed across her features, and he tightened his grip around her. “I won’t let you fall,” he whispered.
“I know,” she replied, wrapping her arms tighter around his neck and leaning her head against his chest. He rested his chin on the top of her head as they floated through the sky. 
It was Aaron who finally broke the peaceful silence. “I should probably get you home before your neighbors start sending out hunting parties to find the dragon,” he said, his tone reluctant.
“You’re right!” she said, suddenly alarmed. “I couldn’t bear it if people tried to hurt you.”
“I’m not worried about me,” he replied with a snort. “It would take more than a few humans with pitchforks to hurt me. But people will think that you are in danger, and I don’t want that.” They were descending as he spoke, and a moment later they were back on the ground. 
“Even though I can fly in human form,” he said, “it’s better if people don’t know what I am. I will change back to my usual form, but before I do, give me one more kiss.” He pulled her against his chest, and lowered his mouth over hers. The warmth of his kiss sent shudders running through her, and all too soon he was pulling away again. 
“Close your eyes, my sweet,” he said. “I need to unclothe myself.” 
Keira quickly turned around, fighting the blush that rose in her cheeks. There was a flash of light, and when she looked back again, he was in his dragon form.
“How do you do that?” she said.
“Mind over matter,” he said with a laugh. “Now climb on my back.” She eyed him suspiciously, wondering if he was joking, but he just stared right back at her. She sighed, and went around to his side. 
“I need a ladder to get up there,” she protested.
“Climb on my tail,” he said, pulling his tail closer to his body. 
She gingerly stepped up, then gasped in shock when he lifted his tail, raising her onto his back. A deep chuckle reverberated in his broad chest, and she gave him a slight kick with her foot, making him laugh even louder. 
“Are you holding on?” he asked.
“Holding on where?” 
“Lie down and put your arms around my neck,” he said. She did as he said, wrapping her arms around his thick neck and laying her cheek against his scales. He shivered slightly at her touch, and blew out a stream of flame before telling her to hold tight. He unfurled his wings, stretching them out on either side of his body, and soared up into the air. 
It was much better being on his back than in his claws, Keira decided as she felt the wind rushing past her face. She closed her eyes, allowing herself to relax against the solid surface of his back as she gently ran her hands over his neck, enjoying the feel of his smooth scales.
“You know,” he said softly as he beat his wings in a slow, steady rhythm, “Apart from my mother, you are the first human to know my true form.”
“Your mother is human?” she said, shocked.
“Was,” he said. “Yes, she was human.”
“Oh! I’m sorry. About losing her, I mean.” She paused for a moment, considering his words. “So all those other women …”
“Never knew the real me, Keira. Only you.” 
Keira smiled as she wrapped her hands tighter around his neck. 
All too soon the village came into view, and Aaron was dropping back to the ground into a clearing on the outskirts of the village. When he came to a standstill she slid off his back, then walked around to face him. His eyes gleamed gold as she gently reached up and laid her hand on his cheek. He stared at her for a moment before leaning forward and placing his cheek against hers, golden scales against her skin. His breath was hot against her neck, making her hair blow around her face. 
“Keira,” he said, pausing for a moment, “you understand that no-one can know who I truly am? People cannot know that the dragon is more than a mere beast.”
“Yes, I understand,” she said. “I won’t tell anyone. But I will tell them that you are good. And that you saved me from Edmund.”
He snorted softly. “You will have a hard time convincing them of that. People can be quite obdurate when it comes to changing their beliefs.”
“Well, I can certainly try.”
“I’ll see you soon, my sweet,” he said softly, then pulled back and lifted himself into the air. She watched as he circled above her for a few moments before turning in the direction of the mountains.
 
Chapter 11 
As soon as she walked into the village, Keira saw her mother running towards her. 
“Keira!” she screamed. “Keira! Thank God – you’re alive! We thought that dreadful monster had eaten you.” She grabbed Keira’s hand, pulling her off balance. “You must hide – it will be back for you as soon as it knows that you escaped.” 
“Mother, he’s not coming back for me,” Keira said. “He brought me back. And he’s not a dreadful monster – he saved me from Edmund and Alan.” 
“What do you mean, he saved you?” her mother gasped. “Dragons eat girls like you. Has that creature twisted your mind? Edmund told us how he almost lost his life fighting the dragon as he tried to save you. You should be thanking him, instead of making up these lies!” 
At these words Keira came to a stop, yanking her arm from her mother’s grip as she stared at her in astonishment.
“Mother, Edmund was going to rape me. The dragon saved me from him. He is the one who is lying.” 
Mother stared at Keira for a moment, her eyes narrowing. “I cannot believe my own daughter would spread such lies about someone she has known all her life, in defense of a hideous monster.” Mother spat out the last word in disgust. She gave Keira one last angry look before turning on her heel and storming away. 
Keira watched the retreating back of her mother in shock as angry tears gathered. A moment later she was running after the retreating figure, determined to at least try and convince her mother that the dragon was not some evil monster. If her own mother didn’t believe her, then none of their neighbors would either. 
“Mother, stop!” she shouted. “Why would I lie about Edmund? And why would the dragon have brought me back if he wanted to hurt me?” 
Her mother stopped her marching and twirled around to face Keira once more.
“I don’t know why you would lie about Edmund,” she said. “Perhaps he said something to upset you, and this is your retribution. And as for the dragon, who knows what evil motives drive its actions.” She put her hands on her hips, staring angrily at her daughter, then spun back around and marched off once more. Running after her again, Keira caught up as they neared the house.
“Mother, please,” she begged. “You have to believe me.”
“Keira, I don’t know what has gotten into you,” Mother said, “but dragons are hideous, evil monsters, the spawn of hell.” The words flowed from her mouth with a snarl, and Keira instinctively took a step backwards as Mother continued. “Perhaps the dragon did rescue you from Edmund’s advances, but the question is why? Why would a man-eating beast choose to save a pretty girl and bring her back? And as for Edmund, I have known him all his life. Perhaps he pushed you too far, but he is not a bad boy.” Closing the gap between herself and her daughter, Mother lifted her finger and shook it in Keira’s face, her voice rising in pitch. “Yet you are asking me to believe that Edmund is bad, while a dragon is good. That would be like asking me to say that night is day and day is night – that fish live in nests while birds dive to the depths of the lakes. These things are impossible, Keira, just as a good dragon is impossible!”
As Keira’s mother screeched out the last word, her father rounded the corner, running up to his daughter.
“Keira! Thank God you’re safe,” he said. “We’ve been so worried. When Edmund said that you had been taken by the dragon we feared the worst. How did you manage to escape?” He lifted his hand to his daughter’s cheek. “The dragon has hurt you.”
“No, Father,” Keira replied wearily. “Those scratches were inflicted by Edmund, not the dragon. The dragon saved me from Edmund when he was attacking me.” 
“Well, that doesn’t surprise me,” Anna said, having joined the little group. 
Mother looked at Anna sharply. “What does that mean?”
“Just that I believe Edmund is definitely capable of attacking Keira,” she replied. “I can’t say anything about the dragon, but I do know that Edmund is not the nicest boy in the village.” 
Keira smiled at Anna gratefully before turning back to her father. “Father, please believe me when I say that the dragon did nothing to hurt me, and was the means of my rescue.” 
Father glanced quickly at his wife, who shrugged, hands upraised to indicate her incomprehension, before answering. “Keira, dragons are not good creatures. They are wild beasts that savagely hunt people and eat them. This is not the first dragon to have lived near the village, and you know the story about the last dragon. It burned down half the village, killing many in the process.” Placing his hands on his daughter’s shoulders, he waited for her to meet his gaze before continuing. “Keira, it is not possible for dragons to have the rational thought necessary to make a creature good. Clearly the events of the morning have left you befuddled.”
 “She’s been going on like this since she returned,” said Mother. “There’s no getting any sense out of her.”
“Well, the important thing is that she’s returned to us safely,” said Father, dropping his hands and turning towards his wife. “She’s been through a trying ordeal, and is probably a little confused.” He glanced back at Keira. “She should go inside and have a restorative drink before lying down and resting for a while.”
“I’m fine,” Keira insisted, but Anna linked her arm through her sister’s and drew her away.
“Come, Keira. A little wine will help to settle your nerves.” She led her sister towards the house, lowering her voice as she did so. “Nothing you say is going to convince them that the dragon meant you no harm. Just leave them be.”
“But Anna, I can’t let them think that,” Keira said. “The dragon really did save me, and he really is good.”
“Keira, I do believe you when you say Edmund attacked you, and I also believe you when you say that the dragon rescued you, since there doesn’t seem to be any other explanation, but I have to agree with Father and Mother when they say that dragons are not capable of being good. They are man-eating hunters!” Anna pulled Keira to a stop and turned to face her sister. “Clearly, the dragon had its reasons for returning you unharmed, but I cannot believe it was because it is abounding in goodness.” 
Keira opened her mouth in objection, but Anna quickly raised her hand to silence her. “Let it rest, Keira. I know you truly believe what you are saying, but until I see further proof, I cannot believe that the dragon is good. All I can promise is that I will keep my mind open to the possibility of a noble dragon.” Keira nodded, recognizing that an open mind was the best she could hope for.
 
Chapter 12 
The next day was Wednesday – market day – and Keira sat at the table, her regular smile missing as a cloud of dejection settled over her. Her mother had been aloof that morning, and the merchants at the other tables were pointedly ignoring her, looking away when she smiled and waved across the market. 
It hadn’t taken long for the villagers to hear that Keira had been returned, unharmed, by the dragon. At first they were incredulous, but as she continued to insist that the dragon was not to be feared, and was, in fact, a good dragon, her neighbors’ incredulity turned from disbelief to anger, and then to downright hostility. It seemed that Aaron was right about changing people’s beliefs, she thought dejectedly.
Anna was sitting at the table with Keira, determined to be a friendly face for her sister through the long day. Keira was touched at Anna’s unexpected kindness, and she was glad she didn’t have to bear the hostility alone.
Keira was looking down at her hands when a shadow fell over the table. She continued to gaze down, unwilling to read the hostility in yet another person’s expression, as she heard her sister’s voice of admonishment.
“Have you come to gloat over my sister, like everyone else, milord?” Anna hissed. 
Keira brought her head up in astonishment, meeting the golden brown eyes that gazed at her in question. “Keira? What has happened?” Aaron asked softly. 
Keira opened her mouth to answer, but Anna was quicker. “You mean you haven’t heard?” she said. “Keira was taken by the dragon yesterday – she says it saved her from some boys from the village, but they are saying they were trying to save her from the dragon. Of course, everyone believes the boys, and they’re saying that Keira is siding with the dragon over her own friends and neighbors!”
“Keira, is this true?” Aaron asked. As she nodded miserably in response, his voice hardened. “What about your parents, what do they say?” 
Again Anna answered for her. “Our own mother believes Edmund instead of Keira. She’s been telling everyone that somehow the dragon has affected Keira’s mind. Everyone knows that dragons are man-eating monsters, so why would a dragon return a maid unharmed? And of course, there are no other witnesses to verify Keira’s story.”
Aaron watched Keira as Anna spoke, his eyes narrowing in fury as he heard her answer. His fists clenched at his sides as his eyes started to blaze with open flames. His skin was glowing, gold shimmering just below the surface as the dragon yearned to be released. 
“Aaron,” Keira said softly, shaking her head. 
He glared at her for a moment, before his expression softened, and a long stream of hot air escaped his lips. He continued to gaze at her before finally turning to Anna, a hard smile on his face.
“On the contrary,” he said, “I can provide testimony to the occurrences of yesterday. I was walking near a small lake yesterday morning when I heard the voices of a number of boys close by. I heard a girl screaming, begging the boys not to do whatever they were about to do.” His voice rose as he spoke, his words carrying through the market as they were quickly relayed from one merchant to another. “I ran towards the sounds, not realizing that it was Keira who was in danger, but before I reached the scene, the dragon swooped down from the sky, grabbing the girl and flying off with her. I can certainly attest to the fact that the boys’ intentions towards Keira were not honorable.” 
“Why should we believe you, a stranger in our village?” asked one of the merchants who had edged closer to hear Aaron’s words.
“The fact that I am a stranger to these parts makes me an impartial observer,” rejoined Aaron tightly. The group of people around the wood carver’s stall was growing, and there was some shuffling as the listeners considered Aaron’s response.
“The boys were probably just having some harmless fun,” said another merchant. 
Aaron shook his head. “Are you so anxious to think well of these boys and poorly of the dragon that you are prepared to overlook what Keira endured at their hands?” 
There was some more shuffling before another voice piped up. “I think the boys should be able to speak for themselves before we pass any judgment.”
Cries of “yes” ran through the crowd, but before matters went any further the reeve pushed his way through the gathering, his white reeve stick held in a clenched fist at his side. He glared at Keira for a moment before turning towards the throng. 
The reeve lifted his hands for silence and waited for everyone’s attention, then pointed at one of the merchants near the front of the crowd. “You, Daniel Draper, what is going on here?” 
Daniel Draper glanced around nervously and cleared his throat. “Um, Reeve Hobbes, this man here,” he said, waving his hand in Aaron’s direction, “says he heard Keira screaming in distress just before the dragon snatched her yesterday.”
The reeve turned to Aaron with a frown. “Is this true?”
“It is,” confirmed Aaron, his face like steel. The reeve turned back to Daniel Draper. 
“Pray, continue.”
“Um, yes, well,” Daniel said, “we were thinking that the boys should have an opportunity to explain themselves.” 
The reeve stared at the merchant, his eyes narrowed in consideration, then looked out over the crowd, nodding his head reflectively. “Indeed, they should. We will have a meeting at the town hall this evening at sundown. You,” he said, turning back to Aaron, “will be present to explain yourself, I’m sure?” 
Aaron met his gaze and inclined his head. “Wouldn’t miss it for the world.” 
The two men glared at each other for a moment before the reeve turned back to the crowd. 
“Everyone, clear out and get back to work.”
Keira and Anna had been quiet as the events unfolded before them, but as the crowd slowly dispersed, Keira stood up and resting her hands on the table, leaned towards Aaron.
“What are you doing?” she demanded softly. 
Aaron met her glare with eyebrows raised. “Just telling them the truth, my sweet.”
“You are making enemies,” she said, dropping her voice lower. “You will have the whole village against you.”
Aaron leaned his hands against the table, bringing his face close to hers.
“I really don’t care what this village thinks of me,” he said, his voice hard and low, “but I do care what they think of you, and I’m not going to sit back and let them spread lies about you.” His voice softened as he looked into her eyes. “Do you really think I would stand back and let them make these accusations against you, and not do anything about it? Do you not understand what I feel for you?” 
His eyes started to brighten as he looked at her, and Keira caught her breath, her own expression softening in response.
“Thank you,” she whispered.
“The pleasure is all mine."
“Ahem.” The sound of Anna clearing her throat made Keira jump. “Mother’s headed this way." 
Keira looked back at Aaron, still leaning on the table, and his eyes caught hers for another moment before he pulled himself up to his full height and took a slow step back. 
When Mother appeared a moment later, she glanced between Keira and Anna before turning her gaze on Aaron. 
“I heard there was some sort of commotion, daughter,” she said, addressing Keira, but continuing to watch the man before her. 
When Keira was silent, it was Anna who answered. “Yes, Mother. Milord Drake had some information about Keira’s abduction yesterday. It seems he heard Keira screaming just before the dragon snatched her.”
“Is this true?” asked their mother, her eyes never shifting from Aaron. He shrugged lightly before replying, his eyes meeting her stare unflinchingly.
“Yes, it is true,” he said. “I heard her begging the boys to stop what they were doing, just before the dragon flew down and rescued her.” 
His emphasis on the word ‘rescued’ did not go unnoticed by Keira’s mother. Her eyes narrowed as she watched Aaron. 
“You are a stranger in these parts,” she said. “For all we know you are in league with the dragon. Dragons are not kind and sweet, but rather, cruel monsters that feast on humans.” She placed her hands on the table and leaned towards Aaron, her eyes hard. “Edmund’s mother was my closest friend before she passed, and I have watched her boys grow up. You expect me to believe that it was the dragon who helped Keira, but that is impossible.” Pulling back, she placed her arms akimbo before continuing. “I don’t know what your purpose is in spreading these lies, but I do know that dragons are wicked beasts, while Edmund is a good boy.” 
Aaron’s eyebrows shot up in surprise as she reached the end of her speech, before his face turned hard again, his eyes a flat, dull brown.
“What about your daughter, Mistress Carver,” he said. “Is she not a good girl? Should she not merit more of your concern than that worthless boy?”
“How dare you?” Mother said. “Do not presume to question my relationship with my daughter. You, a stranger. Now, unless you have business here, I suggest you leave.” 
“You will not get rid of me that easily, Madam Carver. I will leave now, because I can see that this is distressing your daughter, but I will be back, and I will be around.” 
He glanced back at Keira as he said these words. Her features were pale and her hands trembled, even as she held herself erect, her chin up as her parent finished her rant. The tightness around his eyes softened as he looked at her, his eyes becoming more golden.
“Keira,” he said softly. He gazed at for a moment, before turning and walking away. 
“That man is infatuated with you, Keira, so it is clear that he cannot be trusted,” Mother said. 
Keira watched him retreat and knew he had heard Mother’s words when his shoulders stiffened and his hands curled into fists. He paused for a moment before continuing on his way, and Keira breathed a sigh of relief, glad that further confrontation was avoided, even if it was to be only a temporary respite.
 
Chapter 13
The small village hall was filled to overflowing by the time the sun dropped behind the mountains. People are drawn to a scandal, and they are getting it here aplenty, thought Keira bitterly. All she wanted to do was climb into her bed, pull the covers over her head, and wake up to find that this had all been a terrible dream. Except, was it so terrible? The events that led to this quandary had also brought Aaron to her, and that was something Keira could not regret, even if her entire world came crashing down around her ears. The villagers weren’t as much interested in what happened between her and Edmund as they were anxious to hear about the dragon. Anxious and curious. 
She glanced around, wondering if Aaron had arrived yet, but a quick sweep of the small hall brought no sight of him. Next to her, Keira’s mother sat stiffly on the long, wooden bench, looking straight ahead. As Keira looked at her mother, a familiar numbness started to settle in her heart. She always knew that somehow she was a disappointment to her mother. Keira was the oldest, the firstborn, and she knew that her mother had been happy with her once, when the promise of motherhood was still full of hope. But each time Mother had buried one of her children, she buried a little bit of her heart along with them. Anna was the answer to all Mother’s prayers – the child that survived infancy when the previous four babies had succumbed to various childhood ailments. And even though she wasn’t the longed-for boy, Anna was Mother’s miracle child. By the time Anna was a toddler, Keira knew that any affection her mother had once had for her was completely gone – the little still remaining transferred now to Anna. It was a tough lesson for a girl of eight, but Keira was a child full of affection, and it never occurred to her to be jealous of her little sister. Instead, she shouldered the additional burden of care that Mother placed on her small shoulders without complaining. But there was an ache in her heart that longed for a mother’s soothing love to heal it. 
Soft murmurings and the sound of shuffling feet caught Keira’s attention, and she turned around to see the reeve amble through the crowd, bestowing gracious smiles and pleasant greetings on the villagers as he passed by. Edmund trailed behind, his sullen expression making him look like a little boy thwarted at a game. His leg was bound up with bandages, and he leaned against a crutch as he walked. One of his arms was also bound, tied with a sling that wound around his neck. There were cuts and bruises on his face, the backs of his hands were burnt and one of his eyes was swollen shut. 
The reeve turned when he reached the front of the room, and silence fell over the crowd as he held up his hands. He looked about the room for a minute, making eye contact with people sitting in the front as the silence lengthened dramatically. His gaze lingered on Keira’s mother, his expression sympathetic, before he cast a hard glance on the daughter at her side. 
“Friends, neighbors of this good village, we are here this evening to sort through the accusations that this young woman…” The reeve’s gaze once more fell on Keira, and he paused for a moment, “…this woman has leveled against my son Edmund.” 
He stopped, and allowed his gaze to sweep over the room before continuing. “You all know my son, and know that he is upright and honest. His character is above fault, while his behavior, from the time he was a small boy, has always been exemplary. Now, you may say that I am just saying this because he’s my son,” he continued, “but of course, as your reeve, I hold myself to the highest standards when judging a person’s character. You all know me, and know that I would not allow the prejudice of a parent to sway my objectivity.” 
This was met with silent nods and murmurs of approval. The reeve allowed these to be voiced for a few moments before holding his hand up for silence once again. “You all know Edmund’s accuser, a young woman. Friendly and amiable, to be sure, but, like all women, prone to excitability and nervous emotion.” This was met with silence, although there were a few nods in agreement from some of the men. “The men in this room know what I am talking about,” he continued. “How many of you have come home to your wives fussing and fuming over some trivial incident that she has blown up to gigantic proportions?” There were a few snickers around the hall, though many of the women were glaring at the reeve. 
Recognizing that he was antagonizing half his audience, the reeve quickly moved on to start the proceedings by calling on Edmund to tell what had happened. Edmund, who had been lurking against the wall, his shoulders slumped, pushed himself forward and limped to the front of the hall. His eyes were downcast, and he fiddled with the bottom of his tunic as he stood in front of the crowd, clearly uncomfortable.
“Well, um, Alan and I, we were down at the lake,” started Edmund. “To have an early swim, you know. We had finished swimming when we heard someone coming, so Alan went to check out who it was.” He quickly looked around at the crowd before returning his gaze to the floor. “It was Keira. I think she was worried when she realized she wasn’t alone, but when she saw it was us, she was fine. She and I are supposed to get married, you know, so when I saw she was alone, I, um, kissed her.” 
Edmund glanced up anxiously, then quickly went on. “She didn’t mind, I think she kind of liked it, so I kissed her again, but then the dragon suddenly appeared out of the air, and snatched Keira up in its claws. It breathed fire on us, and tried to kill us with its tail, and then it flew off with Keira. I don’t know what the dragon said or did to Keira, but Keira knows nothing would have happened. We were just having a bit of fun,” His chin went up defiantly as he said this last part. His eyes settled on Keira and he glared at her in resentment, daring her to refute his words. 
Keira had listened to Edmund’s story with mounting disbelief, and by the time he had finished, she was trembling in rage and horror at his insinuations.
 A strident voice rang out from the back of the hall. “Did you mention that you were kissing Mistress Keira when you related your tale before?” Benches scraped noisily on the floor as people swiveled around to see who had spoken, determined to not miss a single detail of the unfolding drama.
Keira knew without looking who it was who had spoken, but she turned around nevertheless, anxious to catch sight of Aaron. He was strikingly dressed in a gold silk shirt worn beneath a red velvet doublet, gold silk hose and long leather boots. Over his shoulders he wore a woolen coat of radiant scarlet lined with blue silk, clasped together over his chest with a gold brooch of a dragon, inlaid with precious stones. Murmurs rippled through the crowd as the villagers took in his splendid raiment, far more spectacular than the reeve had ever worn. 
As they gazed at him, Aaron looked out across the sea of people, addressing his next comments to them. “Didn’t the reeve’s son say that he fought the dragon? But now it sounds like he was too caught up in his own amorous passions to notice the beast.” A ripple of laughter went through the room. “Which story do you believe, good people? The first, where Edmund says that nothing happened between him and Mistress Keira, but rather he tried to rescue her from the dragon, or the second version where he says that Mistress Keira was responding to his advances before being snatched away?” Aaron strode up to the front of the hall as he talked, before turning to face the villagers. 
“Do you know that dragons can smell fear? That the dragon would have realized that Mistress Keira was in a situation not of her own choosing? But perhaps we should ask Mistress Keira for her version of events?” 
Keira gasped at the suggestion in surprise, women never being invited to speak for themselves, but no sooner had he said the words than the reeve quickly dismissed the suggestion. 
“Now, milord, I don’t think that’s necessary. She’s just a woman, after all, but if there are any men who would like to speak on her behalf …” The reeve looked out over the assembly for a brief moment, then turned back to Aaron. “Perhaps you would like to speak for the young woman?” he asked graciously. 
Aaron gave the reeve a derisive look, turning to the audience once more.
“Many of you have already heard my testimony concerning the events of yesterday morning,” he said, “but I will repeat it again now so that you can judge it against the rather fantastic tale you have just heard. I was walking in the direction of the lake when I heard the sounds of a young woman in distress. I didn’t realize at the time that it was Mistress Keira.” Aaron glanced at Keira as he said this, looking at her for the first time since entering the room. “I heard the young lady begging someone to stop what they were doing, and I hurried towards the lake to lend my aid to the maid. However, as I reached the lake, the dragon swooped down and snatched the maid up, rescuing her from her persecutors. I was close enough now to see who it was the dragon had in its claws, and I could also see who it was that was also in the clearing, naked but for a shirt. Edmund and his friend Alan.”
“You weren’t there!” Edmund shouted, as many in the crowd swiveled around in surprise to look at him once more. “We didn’t see you there!” 
“Of course you didn’t see me,” replied Aaron, unperturbed. “You were lying on the ground surrounded by flames. When I saw that the dragon had already dealt you a fitting punishment, I left you to your own devices.”
“I could have died!” shouted Edmund. “You left me to die!”
“Well, clearly you didn’t die,” was Aaron’s smooth reply, “so any interference by me was unnecessary.” 
Before Edmund had a chance to respond, a voice shouted out from the center of the room.
“You live in Storbrook Castle.” Keira looked back to see Widower Brown pushing his way forward. He shook his finger at Aaron as he spoke. “We all know that the dragon has his lair around there. It’s even been said that the dragon comes and goes as it pleases, so you are probably in league with that monster. For all we know, the dragon brought the girl back to you so that you could ravish her.” 
“No,” shouted Keira, jumping up out of her seat, but her mother pulled her by the arm back down onto the bench. Keira struggled against the vise-like grip, but her mother’s hold was too tight. Glancing across at her, Aaron shook his head slightly, urging her to be silent. Keira glared at him, folding her arms across her chest in anger at the accusation against Aaron. 
Around the room a babble was starting to grow. Will Hunter’s strident voice could be heard shouting, “In league with the dragon.” “Ravisher of maidens,” yelled Jem Young, shaking his fist in the air. Aaron waited in silence for a few moments, as the crowd became more and more menacing. 
“Silence!” ordered Aaron, his voice rising above the din. The word rang out with an air of command and authority that made the noise in the room drop to a sudden silence as everyone turned to face him once more.
“I have had business dealings with many of you. I have bought your wares, traded with you for your livestock and bartered with you for food for my pantry.” He paused and allowed his gaze to slowly sweep across the room, his eyes lingering on people he knew before they looked down in embarrassment. “Have I ever been dishonest in my business dealings? Ever given any of you cause to question my honor? Have I ever underpaid you, or driven too hard a bargain?” Aaron paused for a moment, his eyes sweeping across the room. “No!” Aaron shook his hand in emphasis. “Yet you refuse to listen to me because I am a stranger to these parts. You imagine there exists some alliance between me and this dragon that has taken up residence in the surrounding mountains.” Aaron’s hand swept across the room as he continued. “Have any of you actually seen the dragon’s lair? Can any of you say for certain that it is below Storbrook Castle, the home of my ancestors? And what has this dragon done that has given you cause for concern? Has he stolen your property? Killed your daughters? Burned your houses? No! But when the dragon saves one of your daughters, you are ready to assume the worst.”
“We all know what happened the last time a dragon took up residence around here,” Jem shouted out from the back. “It seemed friendly enough at first, but in the end it burned down half our village.”
“I have heard of this dragon,” said Aaron, his voice dropping so people in the back had to strain to hear him. “But I have also heard that he was sorely provoked when one of the villagers killed a woman when she was seen in the presence of the dragon.” 
“It was the dragon that killed her,” Edmund was heard to mutter. 
“Indeed?” Aaron said. “The story I heard was that the lady was killed at the hands of a villager, despite the dragon’s efforts to save her.” He turned to face the reeve as he spoke. Reeve Hobbes met his gaze for an uncomfortable moment, before dropping his eyes to the ground. Aaron looked at the crowd. “However, I am not here to debate what happened more than seventy years ago, and only wish to suggest that the dragon then may have had his reasons for attacking the village. Regardless, the dragon who lives here now did rescue Keira from her attacker, as I can attest.” 
There were some murmurs around the hall, but the hecklers had been silenced. As the silence grew, the reeve stepped forward, his hands in the air.
“Well, there you have it, folks,” he said. “You have heard what this stranger, a foreigner to our village, and possible ravisher of young maidens, has had to say. And you have heard Edmund, a young man whom you all know and love, give the painful details of the events as they unfolded. I will leave you to decide which of these stories bears the truth, but for myself, I know that I will place my trust in one of our own. I can only urge you to do the same.” His expression was anguished as he looked around the hall, his gaze resting on various people as his eyes swept the crowd. After a moment he bowed his head, and motioning Edmund, headed out of the room, his son limping out behind him. 
As they left, others in the room stood up and started leaving as well. The crowd was hushed, but as the noise of departure grew, so too did the sound of voices. Aaron walked over to where Keira sat with her parents and sister, then grabbed her by the hand and hauled her to her feet. 
“You should go home,” Aaron said. “It would only take one ill-considered comment to get the crowd going again.” He turned towards Keira’s father, his expression grim. “Get your daughter home while it is still safe.” 
Father gazed at Aaron for a moment before nodding his head in acceptance. “Thank you for coming forward to defend my daughter’s honor,” he said softly.
“Since there seems to be a dearth of supporters willing to speak in your daughter’s defense, it was the least I could do, especially since I related nothing but the truth.” His eyes regarded Mother as he said the words, his features hard. Father looked down in embarrassment, but Aaron had already returned his gaze to Keira. 
She stepped around Aaron, forcing him to turn around to look at her, his back to her family.
“Thank you,” she whispered fervently. “But if they turn against you, I will hold myself responsible.”
 “No!” His response was vehement. “This was my fault. I’m so sorry that you have been placed in this position, my sweet.” 
Keira placed her hand on his arm, gazing into his eyes as she dropped her voice even lower.
“I’m so glad it was you who saved me,” she murmured. “I cannot regret that.” She smiled up at him before continuing. “Meet me by the river near the old mill tomorrow morning. I will be there as early as I can, but if I’m not there, it’s only because I couldn’t get away.” 
Aaron looked down at her, his eyes flecked with gold as he nodded. Keira gave him one last, longing look, then turned and headed for the exit.
 
Chapter 14 
Keira was up before the first cock announced the new day, slipping out of the house in the darkness and rushing towards the river. Aaron was waiting for her in the shadows around the old mill, the light of the early morning sun glancing off the stones and turning them to glowing amber. Keira rushed into his outstretched arms, reveling in his warmth as he drew her close and kissed her with a savage intensity that took her breath away but left her gasping for more. His eyes blazed gold as he stared at her, his hand trailing over her face and along her neck before slipping down her back to draw her closer to him. His tongue traced her lips as she opened her mouth to him, and this time he took his time exploring her in a leisurely but thorough manner, his strong arms holding her upright when her trembling legs threatened to give way. When he had finished kissing her, he pulled her down onto the ground, drawing her against his chest while he leaned against the weathered stone of the abandoned building. The dew had made the ground damp, but Aaron’s unusual heat quickly worked its way through her chilled skin. 
“Aaron, what do you know about the other dragon?” Keira asked, leaning her head against him. 
Aaron was silent for a while, and Keira wondered whether he was even going to answer her, but when he finally did, it was with careful consideration of each word.
“Keira, in order for me to answer that question, I think I need to tell you about my people, and how we came to be.” He drew in a deep breath, before releasing it in a long stream of hot air that tickled Keira’s ear. 
“A long time ago,” he started slowly, “there was a small group of people who made the choice to leave their village and move into the mountains. They were a tough and wiry people, fiercely independent, and although the mountains presented formidable challenges, they loved the majestic heights and awesome ruggedness, and they were fiercely committed to their way of life. They were also skilled metalworkers, creating jewelry of the finest craftsmanship, plates etched with intricate designs and vases of great beauty. They tunneled in the mountains, mining for metals to make their crafts. Word of their fine craftsmanship soon spread, and people came from far and wide to seek them out and buy their fine wares.” Aaron paused for a moment.
“And?” prompted Keira as the moment of silence grew. 
“The people in the village were jealous of the mountain folk and their success. At first, they just taunted and mocked them when they came into the village, but when the mountain people ignored these insults, they went a little further, knocking the women to the ground, spilling their crafts into the mud, tripping the men as they went by. Still, the craftsmen desired a peaceful, simple life, and rather than defend themselves, just avoided contact with the villagers.” Aaron’s fingers stroked Keira’s arm as he spoke, trailing a path from shoulder to elbow and back again.
“That’s terrible,” Keira said, twisting around in his arms to look at him. 
“Well things grew even worse. The villagers grew bolder, and people started getting hurt. The women were scared to go near the village, and the crafts the mountain folk labored so hard to make were snatched and destroyed. A woman was raped. A man was killed. A child went missing, and was never seen again. The people who passed through the village to buy the crafts were mocked and sneered at, and some were even beaten. Of course, the buyers stopped coming after that.” Aaron paused, gently shifting Keira in his arms before leaning his head against the wall behind him. 
“As things continued to grow worse, the mountain people pleaded with the Creator to help them, and he heard their plea. He gave them the ability to transform into dragons so that they could defend themselves against those who wanted them dead. But the Creator warned the mountain people that they must never use their great strength in anger. They must never seek revenge against the villagers, and must only use their new strength and power to protect themselves, never to hurt the innocent.”
Aaron lifted his head to look at Keira. She nodded for him to continue, her expression solemn. “The mountain people were still human, but they had been given the ability to take on the dragon form, and it wasn’t long before the villagers realized that the tables had been turned. They pleaded with the mountain people to leave them in peace, repenting of their wicked behavior.” 
“For many years,” he continued, “the mountain folk and villagers lived in peace, and the time came when there was no longer a need for the mountain people to take on their dragon forms. But they found that they liked the power and strength that they had as dragons, and refused to give them up. But a desire for power can lead to great evil, and one day the unthinkable happened.” Aaron paused.
 “What happened?” Keira asked softly.
Aaron took a deep breath, looking away as he continued his narrative in a low voice. 
 “Even though many years had passed, hatred burned in the hearts of the mountain people towards the villagers for what they had done. One day, a group of mountain men took on their dragon forms and attacked the village, killing men, women and children, before looting their houses and heading back to the mountains with their plunder. The Creator was enraged with the mountain people, and as punishment he took away their humanity, making them fully dragon. They could still take on human form, but they were now in essence dragons, unable to remain in human form for more than a few days, since it weakens a dragon’s strength. 
“Because they had killed the people of the village, they were forced to feed on the dead bodies of the villagers, and since that time, dragons have been predators, hunting humans in order to survive. The Creator also cursed the dragon women with childlessness, because they had done nothing to stop their men from attacking the village. So only a human woman can bear a dragon child.” 
 “Oh, Aaron,” Keira whispered, gently placing her hand on Aaron’s arm. “I’m so sorry.” 
“Sshh,” he replied, placing his hand over hers. “Don’t be sad. I do not regret what I am. And I would never have found you if I were not a dragon.” He smiled at her, and she gave a weak smile in return.
“Like the men of old, dragons have extraordinarily long lives,” Aaron continued. “The Creator wanted to give the mountain people plenty of time to repent of their wicked actions, and indeed they quickly realized how wrong they had been to take the innocent lives of the villagers. But the curse remained, and as time went on, many dragons abandoned their human natures completely, no longer swayed by compassion and kindness, and became the monsters they are known to be.” 
 “Dragons are not monsters, Aaron,” Keira protested, shaking her head. Aaron smiled bleakly before continuing.
“You know the stories of dragons abducting beautiful maidens? Often, dragon men will abduct young women in order to mate with them, so they can bear a dragon child, but once the child is old enough it is taken from the mother, and the human mother is abandoned, or worse. The dragon child is raised by dragons who no longer retain any humanity, and the child learns nothing about love, kindness towards others or goodness.” 
“But that’s not you!” exclaimed Keira. “You haven’t done those things.”
“Are you so sure, my sweet?” asked Aaron softly. “Do you know me so well that you can be certain I haven’t done those things?” 
Keira felt a moment of horror, but it quickly passed.
“Yes,” she said, her tone emphatic. “I may not have known you for long, but you are a good man, Aaron, and I refuse to believe that you have done such dreadful things.” She looked at Aaron steadily as she spoke, willing him to see her belief in him.
“I haven’t abducted any maidens, nor got them with child,” he continued. “I believe that it is possible for a dragon man to fall in love with a human woman, choosing to spend his life with her and committing himself to her happiness. In fact, the dragon who lived in these mountains before was one of those. I know this because he was my father, and the woman that was killed was my mother.”

Chapter 15 
Keira stared at Aaron, stunned to hear that it was Aaron's parents who had fuelled the story of the dragon. His smile was grim as he continued with his story. 
“My father was living at Storbrook Castle when he met my mother,” he said. “Her name was Eleanor, and she came from your village, the only child of elderly parents. They fell in love and were married, but there was a young man in the village who also loved Eleanor. He was an awkward young man, often teased because he stuttered and was a little slow. My mother was one of the few people who was kind to him, and somehow he convinced himself that my mother returned his love. His name was Arnold Hobbes.” 
Keira’s eyes widened in surprise. “Like Reeve Hobbes?” 
“Yes, Reeve Hobbes is his descendant.” Aaron smiled at her look of shock before continuing.
“Obviously, he eventually did get married, but he always pined for Eleanor, certain that she would have learned to love him, if only my father had never come along. My mother visited the village regularly, my father bringing her on his back, landing outside the village before changing form. But one day, he landed too close to the village. Close enough that Arnold saw my mother with the dragon. He saw my mother smile at the dragon, and touch him, and I can only suppose that a jealousy so fierce flared up in him, because he grabbed a branch lying on the ground and ran towards her, brandishing the branch. I’m not sure if he was aiming for my mother or my father, but my father quickly swung my mother away and placed himself between her and Arnold. He was still running at full speed towards them when my mother stepped out from behind my father once more.” Aaron shook his head in disbelief before continuing with the story.
“I cannot imagine why she did it – perhaps she wanted to try reasoning with Arnold, but whatever the reason, that action sealed her fate. Arnold didn’t pause, and the blow he dealt to her head proved to be fatal. I know all of this because I came upon the scene as Arnold was bearing down on my parents. I was just a young dragon of thirty-two years and I had come into the village with them, but had landed further afield.” Aaron’s look was far away as he related the long-past events.
“Anyway, my father fell down next to my mother, his claws ripping open the soft skin on his stomach, drawing his blood. Dragon’s blood is very powerful, and can heal many wounds, but the blow my mother sustained was fatal. She died before his blood was even on her lips. I can still remember the roar of utter anguish that poured from my father when he realized my mother was dead. The flames rolled non-stop from his mouth, setting everything around him alight.” 
Aaron paused for a moment, his voice mirroring the anguish of those memories while his face reflected his father’s pain. “In those few moments Arnold collected his wits enough to realize that he could not defend himself against a dragon, and he ran back to the village shouting that the dragon had killed my mother. When the villagers came out, armed with whatever weapons they could find, my father went crazy. In his right mind, the villagers would have been as much of a threat as an annoying fly is to a human, but in his grief, he became an easy target. He did nothing to defend himself – he could easily have flown away – but instead he roared out his pain, burning down half the village in the process. The villagers attacked him with whatever they could find – axes, rakes, pitchforks. A few had spears, which they drove into his underbelly, again and again. The villagers were triumphant as they killed my father, slowly and painfully. They chose to forget that my father had never once before used his power against the village.” Aaron’s forehead furrowed in anger, and his voice was hard. 
“Of course, Arnold told everyone that it was the dragon that had killed my mother, while he had been trying to save her. He proclaimed far and wide that he had attacked the dragon, weakening him, before he sounded the alarm in the village. How quickly people believe what they want to hear. Arnold, who had been weak and cowardly all his life, was lauded as a hero, while my father was vilified and slandered as a monster.”
 Aaron stopped and passed a hand over his eyes. Keira could feel the tension building in the arms still holding her as he remembered the events of that day. Leaning forward, she gently pulled his hand away from his face, and holding it in her own, looked deep into his eyes. Aaron stared at her for a moment before burying his hand in the hair at her neck, and pulling her lips to his. There was no gentleness in the touch, his kiss fierce and savage. Keira stiffened in shock, instinctively pulling back, then wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him closer, opening her mouth to him and boldly exploring his with her tongue, her passion matching his. Somehow, she knew that his kiss was born of a primitive, physical need, and when he groaned at her response, she slid one hand down his back to pull him closer still. His hands were all over her – in her hair, on her back, sliding down her arm – and when he lifted her onto his lap, his body molded to hers. It was Aaron who finally broke the kiss, leaving Keira panting for breath, as he rested his forehead against hers. 
“Ah, Keira,” he whispered, “I want you so much. You have touched me in a way I never thought possible. You have given me something to live for – something better than the anger that has consumed me for so many years. I was so angry when my parents died, that I chose to deny my human nature. I hated all humanity for a long time, thinking that all humans were equally evil, and therefore equally responsible for my parents’ deaths. For years I refused to take on human form. I could feel the monster growing in me, and I gave myself over to the beast, glad of the darkness that I could feel spreading through my being. There was so little left in me that was still human.” Aaron stopped for a moment, before adding in a whisper, “My sweet Keira, you said I wasn’t a monster, but if I told you some of the things I did, you would hate me forever.”
“Never,” Keira replied, her voice just as low. “I may hate some of the things you did, but I could never hate you. Don’t you know that I love you?”
“Keira,” he whispered, lifting his face and gazing into her eyes. “As I love you.” His eyes were a bright, burning gold, the light reflecting onto her skin, bathing her face in a golden glow. “When I came to Storbrook, it was to face my memories. I had become almost a total monster, with only the barest shreds of my humanity remaining as I raged against all humans, whether they be man, woman or child – but somehow, a few years ago, I started to remember. Not the pain of my parents’ death, but the joy of their living. They had both been wonderful people, full of love for one another and kindness towards others. In my anger, I had focused only on the pain, forgetting the lessons of joy. Slowly I began to realize that I was shaming their memory by turning my back on my humanity, and so I started looking for good amongst humans.” Aaron paused as he pushed a loose lock of hair behind Keira’s ear, his hand lingering on her neck.
“And to my surprise, when I started to open my eyes to the world around me, I found what I was looking for. I realized that the wicked actions of some could not be held against all humanity. And that I needed to find the humanity in myself once again if I was ever to have a hope of happiness. It has been a slow and painful journey, and it brought me to the place where I knew both pain and joy. I came, intending to stay for a short while – just long enough to deal with the memories captured in the very walls of Storbrook. I didn’t want to come into the village, or seek out the people here, and I was already preparing to leave when I first saw you. The only reason I came into the village that day was to find you, because you had fascinated me with your courage in the face of potential danger. I had to learn more about this remarkable woman, and not much time passed before I was thoroughly captivated, my heart ensnared.” 
Aaron bent down and kissed her, his grip tightening around her as her hands made their way up his back, brushing against the ridges where his wings would emerge, before winding into his hair. The brush of his tongue against hers sent shivers down her back, and when he moved his lips away from hers, they trailed along her jaw and down to her shoulder like molten lava. A faint rustling sound came from a clump of nearby bushes, and Aaron lifted his head, before sighing in frustration.
“Your sister is here, my sweet,” he whispered into her hair.
“How –” she started, but he answered before the question was out of her mouth.
“I can smell her scent. Nose of a dragon,” he said, tapping the side of his nose with a finger. “You smell like summer – the scent of jasmine wafting through the warm air.” His breath was warm against her neck. “I was clearly distracted, but I believe Anna has been eavesdropping,” he finished, his smile twisting into a grimace.
Turning towards the bushes he called out, “Anna!” His voice sounded loud after their soft whisperings, and a moment later Anna appeared from behind a tree.
“Anna!” exclaimed Keira, jumping up and marching over to her sister. “What are you doing here?”
“I heard you tell him,” Anna said, nodding in Aaron’s direction, “to meet you at the river, so I sneaked out after you left this morning.”
“You were spying on me?” Keira choked. “How much did you hear?”
“Enough!” 
Anna thrust her chin out, her stance openly defiant. A look of horror crossed Keira’s face.
“You cannot tell anyone.”
“She won’t,” Aaron said. He had come up behind Keira, and he grinned at Anna. “If she does, I’ll have her for breakfast.” 
Anna gulped, turning pale as Keira turned to Aaron, shock written over her face. 
“You wouldn’t,” she gasped.
“Oh yes, I’ll make it swift. She won’t feel a thing.” He smiled teasingly at Keira, before bending down and whispering softly in her ear. “I try to limit my human diet as much as possible, my sweet, so your sister has nothing to fear from me.” He turned back to Anna, who was looking decidedly white, and she took a deep breath before bravely responding.
“I won’t say anything on one condition,” she said. Her voice was trembling, but she met Aaron’s gaze boldly. He lifted one eyebrow enquiringly. “When you take Keira away from here, take me with you.”
“Anna!” 
Keira’s voice was heavy with admonishment, but Anna ignored her, her attention fixed on Aaron.
“Why?” he asked.
“Because I need to get away from this village,” Anna said. “And away from Mother. What do you think will happen when Keira leaves with you? Mother will be certain to shackle me to any man who offers. And Edmund might turn his attention to me.” 
Aaron nodded in agreement, but his expression was skeptical. “Do you think you could stop behaving like a spoiled child, and start behaving like a woman?”
“Yes.” Anna held his gaze as she continued. “I know I shouldn’t have been spying, but I was desperate.”
“Well, it is up to Keira.”
Anna and Aaron both turned to look at Keira, but her mind was grasping to understand the conversation.
“Anna,” she said at last. “Aaron’s not taking me anywhere.” 
“Oh, I think he is,” was Anna’s smug response.
“Anna,” Aaron said, a clear note of warning in his voice as he glanced back at her. He returned his gaze to Keira, who was glancing between them in confusion. “Keira, Anna’s untimely arrival forestalled me, but there is something I would ask you.” 
He glanced at Anna again, before taking Keira’s hand and drawing her away, dragging her around the corner of the old mill house. When they were out of Anna’s sight, Aaron grabbed Keira’s other hand before dropping down to one knee. 
“My sweet Keira, I have loved you from the first time I saw you. Will you take this dragon as your husband?” 
Keira stared down at Aaron incredulously, before a radiant smile replaced the expression.
“Yes,” she whispered. “Yes, I would be honored to be your wife, Aaron Drake.” 
Aaron’s expression was exultant as he stood up, his eyes burning like the sun, and wrapped his arms around her, drawing her into a passionate embrace. His wings broke out behind him, unfurling and wrapping around them, hiding them from the world in their own private sanctuary.
 
Chapter 16 
Keira smiled to herself as she ambled around the garden, shears in one hand, basket in the other, snipping long stems of herbs to be hung and dried. High above her the form of a mighty beast was circling slowly in the air, creating a shadow on the ground as its powerful body passed in front of the sun. Keira pulled herself upright and scanned the sky, a hand held across her forehead to shade her eyes. She smiled when she saw the dragon gliding through the air, its face turned downward. From so far below Keira could not make out the dragon’s features, but she knew that Aaron’s sharp eyes could see her every expression, could read the joy written clearly over her face. Her smile deepened as she thought of her meeting with Aaron that morning. She still could not quite believe that Aaron wanted to marry her, a simply country girl. Aaron had wanted to go talk to her parents right away, but Keira suggested that they wait a few weeks.
“Why?” Aaron had demanded.
“Well, for one thing, it will cast doubt on your testimony,” she said. “Mother already thinks you are lying, and this will only serve to strengthen that belief. I cannot bear the thought of people doubting your honor.”
“I really couldn’t care what people think of me, Keira, and nor should you.” But when Aaron saw the look of concern on Keira’s face, he growled in frustration, pushing his hand through his tawny hair as he did so.
“Keira, I have waited a very long time to find you, and the idea of skulking around in order to spend time with you does not sit well with me. Do you really think a few more weeks will change your parents’ attitude towards me?”
“Maybe not,” she said, “but I do know that this news would not be favorably received today, especially by my mother. Does a few more weeks really matter when we have the rest of our lives?”
“Very well,” he agreed reluctantly. “I will give you two weeks, no more, and your parents will have one week to get used to the idea of having me for a son-in-law, because I will be waiting at the church door to marry you three weeks from today.” 
The thought of Aaron being impatient to marry her made Keira laugh, the joy bubbling up from deep inside her. Three weeks! That didn’t give her much time to finish her wedding chest. She hadn’t put much effort into it lately, dismayed as she had been with her potential suitors in the village, but now she wished she’d spent more time filling the chest. And she certainly didn’t have a gown good enough to be married in. When she had mentioned this to Aaron, however, he laughed off her fears. 
“Keira, you don’t need to bring anything with you when we get married,” he said. “I am not a young groom who is leaving his parents’ home for the first time.”
“Yes, because you are already ancient,” Keira teased. “And I thought Widower Brown was old!” 
Aaron had laughed warmly before continuing. “Storbrook has anything we need and more,” he said, “as do all my other homes. I already have all manner of linens and quilts. And I will ensure you have a wardrobe filled with gowns made from the finest silks and velvets the world can offer, in the brightest hues imaginable. All that is needed is you, my sweet. And as for a wedding gown, I don’t mind if you marry me in rags.”
Of course, Aaron might not mind her in rags, Keira thought sardonically, but there was no way she was going to get married in any old gown. She might not be able to afford silks and velvets, but her mother had already set aside some fine linen for a wedding gown, in a dark, traditional blue. Her mother would probably be suspicious, but Keira intended to start working on a gown that very evening.
The dragon continued to circle high in the sky as Keira pulled herself from her musings, and she glanced up once more, laughing as he dipped and dived. Hearing her laughter, the dragon swooped down towards her, his wings creating a huge shadow over Keira as she watched him. Swinging back up towards the clouds, the dragon allowed flames to pour from his open mouth, the heat reaching Keira as she stood on the ground. She smiled once more, before turning her back to the dragon and stooping down to snip another long stem. The sound of the door to the cottage opening made her turn around, suddenly concerned that her mother had seen the dragon’s display, but it was only Anna. 
“Show-off,” mumbled Anna, glancing up at the dragon now high up in the air. A sound that sounded suspiciously like laughter floated down to them before the dragon turned towards the mountains and flew out of sight. 
“I can’t believe you’re making me wait a whole month before letting me join you and Aaron,” she grumbled as she sat down on the ground near where Keira stood. 
“The wait will do you good, Anna,” replied Keira, a little more sharply than she intended. Softening her tone, she added, “Besides, a month will pass by quickly.”
Keira and Aaron had agreed that Anna could come and live with them after they had married, on the condition that not a single hint about who Aaron was fell from her lips. Aaron hinted at dire repercussions if she broke her word, but Keira was confident that they could trust Anna, since it was in her own best interests to comply. She watched Anna now as she sat on the grass, before handing her the shears and basket. Anna stared at it for a moment before taking the items from Keira’s hands and standing up, her gaze meeting Keira’s. 
“You’re going to do all you can to teach me some responsibility before you leave, aren’t you, dear sister?” Anna asked wryly.
“A few lessons wouldn’t go astray, Anna,” replied Keira with a grin. “You can use the next few weeks to prove to me that I haven’t made a mistake in agreeing that you can come live with us.” 
Keira headed back to the house, leaving Anna in the warm sunshine with shears in hand.
Chapter 17 
Market day arrived once again, and Keira wondered what kind of reception she would receive from the villagers. She had avoided going into the village since the meeting at the town hall, not certain that she would be welcome. She also begged Aaron to stay away, not wanting to rouse the villagers’ suspicions as to his motives in supporting her, but he refused. 
“People will know soon enough, Keira,” was his response. “I have made concessions with regards to your family, but I refuse to stay away from the village to avoid rumors. If I cannot openly court my future wife, I will at least take every opportunity I can to be in her presence.”
Despite Keira’s fears, she was secretly pleased that Aaron had resisted her urgings. She too wanted to see as much of him as possible, even if it was only from a distance.
To her surprise, when Keira arrived at the market that morning, the other merchants and villagers nodded at her in greeting before turning away to their own stalls. If their greetings were a little more reserved than usual, Keira ignored it, relieved that at least they weren’t openly hostile. She took her place behind the table, next to Anna, who had astounded her mother when she announced she would help Keira at the market that day. Keira had raised her eyebrows at her sister in silence, and Anna shrugged her shoulders, a wry smile playing on her lips.
“Just proving my worth,” was her only comment.
It was midmorning when Keira saw Aaron sauntering through the market, finely dressed in silks and velvets. She watched in amusement as he stopped to chat with blushing girls helping their parents at their stalls. She could almost hear them sigh as he greeted them with a courtly bow and a smile: “Mistress Gwyneth, isn’t this a fine morning?” “Mistress Jane, you are looking lovely today.”
As he made his way along the path, he looked up and caught Keira’s glance, before he turned his attention to another girl, who stared boldly at Aaron from behind the table she was tending. “Mistress Sarah, you look more beautiful every time I see you.” 
Sarah smiled at him coyly, but he quickly turned away and headed towards Keira. He stopped a few feet away, his eyes sweeping over her form in bold perusal.
“Mistress Keira! You are quite radiant this morning.”
“Why, thank you, milord,” responded Keira with a grin. “Although I must confess I’m not sure I trust your easy compliments – they seem to fall from your lips without much thought. Still, if you do see something different about me, I expect it is due to the fine weather we’re having.”
“Really, Mistress Keira? You wound me to the quick,” he said. “First you rudely refute my kind comments regarding your radiance, and then you tell me it is due to the weather, when I was certain that I had stumbled upon some profound reason for your sparkle this morning.” 
Keira smiled in response, but the look in his eyes made her catch her breath. His gaze held hers, the color turning to a glowing gold as he looked at her. It wasn’t until Anna cleared her throat, shoving her elbow into Keira’s side, that the spell was broken. 
Aaron glanced across at Keira’s sister, his eyebrows going up as he scrutinized her.
“Anna, what a surprise,” he teased. “Have you developed a sudden liking for work, or a newfound desire to be with your sister?”
“Hmph,” was Anna’s only response, but before she looked away, Keira caught a glimpse of a smile. Aaron turned his attention back to Keira as he leaned forward over the table, bringing his face close to hers.
“You really are radiant this morning, my sweet. Like a beautiful rose shimmering with dew in the early morning light.” He breathed in deeply before adding, “And you smell like a summer dawn, too, with the hint of jasmine floating on a warm breeze.” She blushed. “Meet me at the lake tomorrow morning,” he whispered.
“At the lake?” Her tone was bemused, the memories of her last experience at the lake clouding her expression.
“It’s further away,” Aaron responded, “and I want some time alone with you.” Aaron glanced at Anna as he said this, but she was studiously ignoring the conversation. “We won’t be staying there, so no one can spy on us.”
“Oh!” Keira said. The word came out slowly as his meaning became clear. Keira glanced at her sister, who was now studying her nails, before smiling up at Aaron. “I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
 
The next morning Keira woke early, and pulling on her kirtle and shawl as quietly as possible, slipped out of the house, heading towards the lake. The early morning mist hung on the ground, making it difficult to see more than a few feet ahead of her, but Keira’s step was sure. She had walked this same path many times in her youth, and she knew each twist and turn. 
The sun was just starting to appear behind the mountains when Keira arrived at the clearing surrounding the lake. It was impossible to miss the huge dragon waiting just beyond the trees, as he crouched low on the ground. His wings were folded against his back, and as Keira moved around the tree, he inhaled deeply, breathing in her scent. The sight of the enormous beast before her made Keira step back slightly, her pulse suddenly racing as a tremor of fear spread through her. 
She pushed the feeling down, mentally chiding herself as she did so. But seeing Aaron in his true form, as a beast, suddenly filled her with dread, the enormity of the commitment she had entered into suddenly hitting her. She was marrying a dragon! Aaron watched Keira carefully, his gold eyes narrowing slightly when he picked up the scent of her fear.
“Keira,” he said softly, his warm breath rushing over her. “Please don’t be frightened. I haven’t changed. It is still me – the same creature that you know, and that loves you. You know I would never, ever do anything to hurt you.”
Keira closed her eyes as he spoke, Aaron’s familiar voice washing over her. Suddenly her fears seemed foolish, and she opened her eyes with a smile.
“I know,” she said, stepping forward. She reached her hand up and gently placed it against Aaron’s cheek as she looked into his glowing eyes. “I love you,” she whispered. 
He gazed at her for a long moment before lifting his head and stretching his neck to its full length. 
“Come on,” he said, “climb up.” This time Keira was ready when he pulled his tail closer, and she steadied herself as he lifted her onto his back, inching forward until she lay along his neck, her arms wrapped around him. He unfurled his wings and pushed himself up into the cool morning air. 
Aaron flew in silence, the movement of his strong wings making the air pulse around them. The sun was almost above the mountains when he started dropping, circling around in slow, leisurely sweeps.
“Look down, Keira. That’s Storbrook.” 
Holding on tightly around his neck, Keira inched her head over to one side of his massive body. She gasped when she saw the castle laid out below her. Instead of the dark, forbidding structure she had imagined from childhood tales, Storbrook Castle seemed to shimmer with light as the early rays of sun glittered against the light yellow stone of the building. It had been built on top of a mountain, completely covering the entire surface, the sheer rock at the top of the mountain merging with the tall stone walls that surrounded the castle. Within the castle walls stood the main building, the donjon, which soared to heights far above the castle walls. It was so huge that Keira wondered how long it would take to walk from one end to the other. The back half of the building formed part of the wall, and reached another twenty feet higher than the front, and along this section were turrets that soared so high that Keira was certain she could reach out and touch them as they flew past. Along the back wall were enormous arched windows, open to the elements. Large enough for a dragon to fly in or out of, Keira realized with a start. 
There were other buildings within the castle walls – workshops, stables, a chapel and a priest house, and she could see people moving about in the massive courtyard, going about their daily duties. There was a walled garden adjacent to the donjon which Keira supposed was a kitchen garden, while beyond that was a pleasure garden, bright hues competing with the greens of the trees and lawn. A path wound up the mountain, accessing a huge gate with a portcullis covering the entrance. As Keira looked, Aaron circled around the castle, dropping lower with each turn to give her a better view, before finally heading back up into the sky.
“We’re not going to the castle?” asked Keira.
“Not today, my sweet. There are too many people at Storbrook, and I want you all to myself.”
“You didn’t show me the caves beneath the castle,” teased Keira. “Someone told me that the dragon’s lair would be dark, malodorous and filled with bones.” Keira could feel the laughter rumbling in his chest before he responded.
“I don’t want to scare you away,” he said. “I will show you my filthy lair as soon as you are mine. That way, if you try to run away screaming, I can just lock you in a tower.” 
A few minutes later, Keira could feel Aaron losing height once more. He came to a stop at the top of a mountain, above a waterfall thundering to the depths below them. The sun catching the water spray sent bright rays of color shooting through the early morning air, making Keira gasp.
“Look Aaron,” she whispered, afraid to break the peace of the morning. “Isn’t that beautiful?” She slid off his broad back and turned towards him with a smile. 
“Yes,” he whispered back. “That’s why I brought you here.” 
She turned back to look once more at the shimmering colors, but in the next moment the colors were muted by a sudden flash of light that radiated out from behind her. Keira had already half turned towards the light when she stopped, remembering why she needed to remain facing forwards. Aaron’s soft laugh washed over her as the color rose in her cheeks, and a moment later he was behind her, his hands on her shoulders. She could feel his warm breath tickling her nape as he gently pushed his fingers into her hair, allowing it to fall softly over his hands, before running them down her arms and drawing her closer to him. With his arms wrapped around her she leaned back against his bare chest.
“Fancy flying over a waterfall, my sweet?” he asked, his voice brimming with laughter. Twisting herself around in his arms, Keira looked up at him, her expression dubious.
“Flying over a waterfall?” she repeated. “That sounds a lot like falling.”
“Are you doubting my flying abilities?” he asked. Keira arched her eyebrow in response, waiting for a serious answer.
“There’s a small ledge about halfway down where you can sit behind the waterfall. I thought we could spend some time talking down there,” he finally explained.
“A ledge?”
“Yes,” he said. “Come along. You know I won’t let you fall. Wrap your arms around me, and I will take us down.” 
Keira’s expression was still doubtful, but she did as he said, wrapping her arms around his neck and tightly clasping her hands. Aaron looked down at her in amusement before allowing his wings to unfurl behind him. Even though she had seen them before, Keira watched in amazement as they spread out behind him, the light glimmering against their smooth surface, aware once again of the awesome power of the man holding her in his arms. He wrapped his arms tighter around her as he beat his wings against the air, lifting them up and then over the edge of the waterfall. Keira buried her head into his shoulder, lifting it slowly when she heard his voice in her ear.
“Look, Keira,” he said. “I’m going very slowly. There’s nothing to be afraid of.” 
Cautiously, she looked over Aaron’s shoulder, her eyes widening when she saw that they were barely moving. His wings beat languorously through the air, keeping them aloft, as he slowly moved down the length of the waterfall, spray from the water covering them in a fine mist. 
He had flown about halfway down when he brought them over to the side of the waterfall and landed them onto a small ledge that led behind the thunderous falls. The water fell clear of the ledge by a few feet, and Aaron sat down at the edge, his legs dangling in the air. Pulling Keira down next to him, he wrapped his arms around her as they sat, and she leaned her weight against his side. The water was like a curtain, hiding them from the world behind a rushing, sparkling screen. The sun was starting to climb higher in the sky, and Keira could see the light sparkling off drops of water that cascaded down the mountain. Each droplet seemed to take on a life of its own as it twisted and turned its way down past the ledge to join the rest of the water crashing hundreds of feet below them.
“What are you thinking?” asked Aaron. 
“I was thinking about the journey each drop of water makes as it goes tumbling down the waterfall,” replied Keira, her tone contemplative. “Will it travel through many distant lands? And what creatures will it meet on its journey? Where will it finally end up?” She glanced up at Aaron, and blushed when she saw he was watching her intently. “I’m sorry, I’m being absurd!”
“No,” replied Aaron emphatically. “Never apologize for your thoughts, my sweet. I love the fact that you are so curious. Maybe one day we can follow those water droplets and discover where the river takes them,”
“Really, Aaron?” she questioned, her eyes sparkling. “Do you mean it? I would love to see distant lands. And the oceans! Are there really huge creatures that live in the depths? And rivers so wide you have to take a boat to get across them? And cities – I’ve heard that hundreds of people live in the big cities! With enormous churches and real glass.”
Aaron laughed at her excitement, and caught her hands in his own. “I will show you all those things, and more, my sweet Keira. I give you my word, and the word of a dragon can never be broken.”
“Really, Aaron?”
“Yes, really.”
“Oh, Aaron, never in my wildest dreams did I ever think someone like you would want to marry someone like me. I thought the best I could hope for was Edmund Hobbes, but then you came along and fell in love with me!” Her voice was full of wonder. “I don’t know what I did to deserve you, but you are a gift sent by God.”
“Keira,” Aaron said, shifting himself around so that he could look Keira full in the face, “it is not a wonder that I fell in love with you. The wonder is that you fell in love with me – a beast. It is me who has received the gift, and I will spend every day of the rest of my life proving myself to be worthy of you.”
“You are no beast, Aaron, and you don’t need to prove yourself worthy – you already are. And I love you just as you are. Maybe we have both been given a gift – the gift of each other.” 

Chapter 18 
A fine mist covered Keira as she sat with Aaron behind the waterfall, her legs dangling over the edge of the ledge as she leaned against him. His skin was steaming as the moisture came in contact with his heat.
“Aaron?” said Keira. 
“Hmm?”
“I was wondering about the wedding ceremony,” she said. “Does the priest know what you are?”
“No.”
“So he believes you are just like any other man?”
“Yes."
“So there isn’t anything different that happens because you’re not … human?”
Keira had been gazing at the stream of water rushing before them as she spoke, but when Aaron didn’t reply, she turned to look at him. His eyes were narrowed as he looked out at the water, the muscles in his jaw tensed.
“Aaron? Is there something I should know?”
He let out a big sigh, tiny sparks flying from his mouth as he did so, before turning to face her.
“There’s something I need to tell you, Keira,” he said. “I probably should have told you before … no, I definitely should have told you before, but I didn’t know how you would react.”
“What is it?” She felt a wave of fear rush through her, making her voice sound high and thin. “Can’t dragons marry?” He didn’t reply. “Are you already married?” 
“Goodness, Keira,” he said. “What do you think of me? Of course I mean to marry you.” He had been leaning back on one hand, but he straightened himself as he spoke, turning to face her with a glare. “And I don’t have a wife hidden away. What kind of man do you think I am?”
“How would I know?” she snapped. “You’re not a man, you’re a dragon.” The words were barely out of her mouth when she wished she could take them back. His mouth curled sardonically as he turned to look the other way. 
She reached out her hand tentatively and placed it on his. “I’m sorry, Aaron,” she said. “I should not have said that. But please tell me what’s going on. You’re making me nervous.”
He turned to look at her, his face softening when he saw her pleading expression. 
“No,” he said with a sigh, “I’m the one who should apologize. You are right, of course, I am a dragon, not a man. And I should never have hidden anything from you.” He took her hands into his, stroking them as he continued. “The thing is, Keira, for a dragon marriage to be recognized, there needs to be a dragon ceremony as well. We will still have a regular human ceremony, at the church with a priest, but later, at Storbrook, there will be a dragon binding ceremony.”
“A dragon binding ceremony?” she said. “What’s that?” It didn’t sound too bad to Keira, but clearly it must be if Aaron hadn’t wanted to tell her about it.
“Well,” he replied slowly, “it’s more of a blood binding, actually.”
“You mean like pagan ceremonies?” She had heard of people who still had a pagan blood binding after getting married by the priest. The bride and groom would each cut their wrist, then hold them together so that the blood could mingle.
“A little like that. But instead of putting our bloodied wrists together, we will have to drink each other’s blood.” 
“What?” Her eyes were wide with horror. “Drink each other’s blood?” She pulled her hands away from Aaron and covered her appalled face.
“Yes.”
Aaron gently pulled her hands away from her face, waiting for her to look at him.
“Keira, my sweet, I’m sorry, I should have told you sooner.” Aaron paused a moment. “Do you still want to marry me?” he asked softly.
She stared at him for a moment before turning her face away. “How?” she asked. “How does it happen?”
“It’s a dragon ceremony, Keira, so I will be in my dragon form. I will cut you here,” he said, trailing a finger over her wrist, “and someone will hold a cup to catch the blood. When there is enough, the cup will be given to me to drink.” 
“Then you will cut me here,” he continued, placing his hand on his chest, over his heart, “and you will drink my blood.”
Keira had been staring at the water as he spoke, but she turned to him before asking her next question.
“Why?”
“It’s a blood covenant, my sweet. The shedding of our blood binds us together. We will be a part of each other. Your blood will run through my veins, and my blood will run through yours. We will belong to each other, and as long as we are living nothing can ever separate us.” He watched her carefully as he continued. “But there is more to it than that. The blood of a dragon is very powerful. Once you drink my blood, you will be stronger. You will heal faster, and will be less susceptible to disease. Your senses will be more acute, and my transformations will no longer damage your eyes. And you will also live longer.”
“Live longer?” 
“Yes,” he said. “Each time you drink my blood, years are added to your life. Many dragon brides drink their dragon’s blood on a regular basis, so that they will live as long as their husbands.”
Keira suppressed a slight shiver, but she couldn’t mask the look of revulsion. 
“You should have told me this before,” she said.
“Yes.” He reached his hand out to touch her cheek but she pulled away, turning her head to stare at the water. A long moment passed before she turned back to him.
“I think I want to go home now,” she said. “Please take me back.”
Aaron stared at her for a moment before silently standing up. He held his hand out to help her, but she ignored it, instead placing her hand on the rock to steady herself. He wrapped his arms around her, and she placed her arms around his neck, but her body was stiff and unyielding. The trip to the top of the waterfall was much quicker than the flight down, and when Aaron changed back to dragon form, Keira climbed onto his back without a word, sitting stiff and silent as he flew her back to the village.
Chapter 19 
Aaron flew Keira back to the lake where she slipped silently off his back. Without another glance at him she started walking away, but his voice pulled her up short. She turned around slowly, not meeting his gaze.
“Keira, you know I love you, don’t you?” When she didn’t respond, Aaron continued. “I’ll be waiting for you every day.” 
Keira nodded, then turned away without a word and walked off into the woods, following the path back to her house without thinking, her mind numbed to any thought. She had barely made it back when her mother came rushing out. “Keira!” 
Keira flinched at the harshness of her mother’s tone. “Where have you been?” Mother said. “Wasting away the hours when there is work to be done.” 
Anna stood behind her mother, shrugging her shoulders in confusion as their mother berated Keira. As Mother stood glaring at Keira, arms akimbo, a single, unbidden tear slid down Keira’s cheek. Mother’s face softened, and she took a step towards her daughter. 
“Oh, Keira,” Mother said. “Have you been fighting with Edmund again?” 
Keira looked at her mother in shock. “Edmund?” she repeated. “I want nothing to do with Edmund. Why can’t you understand that, Mother?”
“Keira!” Her tone sharpened again. “What has gotten into you? Ever since Milord Drake arrived in the village, you’ve been acting strangely. A man like that is not to be trusted. Besides, what do you think you could offer a man like that, a simple girl like you?” 
Keira stared at her mother, astounded at her outburst. “What do you have against him, Mother?”
“What do I have against him? I will tell you.” Mother made a wild gesture towards the mountains. “He lives in Storbrook Castle, that’s what. Everyone knows that the dragon lives beneath the castle, so he must be in league with that monster. And anyone in league with the dragon is not welcome here.”
“The dragon has done nothing to harm us, Mother,” Keira replied heatedly, not bothering to refute her mother’s assumptions. 
“That’s what people said about the last dragon that decided to live in these mountains,” Mother said, “until he burnt down half the village and killed our men.”
“Maybe the last dragon was provoked,” argued Keira.
“The last dragon killed my grandfather, Keira, leaving behind a widow with three young children to raise on her own. So tell me that you will stay away from Aaron Drake.” 
“I cannot do that, Mother,” she flung back, before storming towards the house. The words had come out without much thought, her own emotions catching Keira off guard. She herself wasn’t even sure that she wanted to see Aaron again. 
Before reaching the house, Keira heard Father’s heavy footsteps rounding the corner. She refused to look up at him, but slowed down when she heard him addressing Mother. 
 “Leave her be, Jenny,” he said gently. “She’s no longer a child, and we will not force her into a marriage she considers abhorrent. Despite your reservations about Milord Drake, he may prove to be a man of worth and honor.” There was a moment of silence and Keira held her breath, waiting to hear Mother’s response. 
 “I only want what’s best for her, but I’ve lost her.” Mother’s tone sounded defeated. “She sees me as the enemy.” 
Keira was almost at the house, but she heard a rustle of clothing as Father pulled Mother into his arms.
 “Sshh,” he said. “I know you love her. Perhaps if you just listened, instead of railing against her, she would know it too.”
As the sun rode through the sky, Keira threw herself into the task of mending, seeking distraction from the chaotic thoughts whirling through her mind, but when she lay down in her bed that night, her mind refused to be quiet. Her anger had been simmering all day, just below the surface of conscious thought, but it could no longer be ignored. The fact that Aaron had chosen not to tell her about the binding ceremony sooner made her furious, and she smothered the little voice at the back of her mind that suggested her reaction now justified Aaron’s fear in telling her. She was appalled that he thought she could drink his blood: the very idea of it made her feel sick to her stomach. 
She looked at her wrist where Aaron had said he would cut her, her finger tracing the purple vein running just below her skin. On an impulse, she grabbed a knife, scoring her skin over the vein, letting the blood well up on her wrist. Tentatively, she placed her mouth over the wound, sucking the blood off her arm. It had a faintly metallic taste that she didn’t find completely unpleasant. Leaning back on her mattress, she conjured up the image of a dragon in her mind, determined to remember the beast, not the man. Focusing on the beast would help her to remember her anger, but even the beast did not seem so terrifying. And as she finally drifted off to sleep, it was golden eyes, shifting and moving as flames leaped within them,that filled her mind. 
  
 Chapter 20 
Keira’s first thoughts on waking were of Aaron, and she smiled, only half conscious, before remembering that she was angry with him. She rolled over onto her back as she recalled the conversation of the previous day. With the light of a new day, her thoughts seemed to be clearer, more reasonable, and although she was still annoyed that Aaron hadn’t told her sooner, she just couldn’t find the same depth of revulsion at what he had revealed. 
Keira pushed herself out of her bed, glancing over at Anna’s sleeping form. She was convinced Anna could spend the entire day in bed, given half a chance. Creeping over to her sister’s side of the room, she pulled the covers down with a hard jerk, making Anna jump up in fright. Anna grabbed the covers and slumped back on the bed, glaring at her sister. Keira laughed and pulled on her clothes, then headed into the kitchen to start the fire, since Mary would not be arriving for another hour. Her mind raced back to Aaron as she carefully raked out the cinders from the previous day and added fresh wood to the grate. 
She smiled as she thought how easily Aaron could start the fire – with a mere breath. And that was just the whole point, the reasonable part of her mind pointed out. Aaron was a dragon. How could she expect him to act totally human? She had told him that it didn’t matter what he was – had she been lying? She had said that he wasn’t a beast – but did she really believe that? The question was, could she accept that he was a dragon, and love him despite that? 
Later, as Keira sat in the small parlor, mindlessly plying a needle through her father’s torn tunic, she turned the question over in her mind. Aaron was a dragon. She knew that. So did she love him for all he was? Or only the part that was human? Later that day, as she walked to the village bakery, the question was still tormenting her. But that night, as she fell back in her bed, sleep came easily. The answer had been slow in coming, but when it arrived, it was with a sure conviction. And she knew Aaron would be waiting for her at the lake to hear what it was.
Keira was up early the next morning, once again creeping out of the house before the birds had taken up their chorus. She raced towards the lake, only slowing down as she drew near the clearing. She stopped a few feet away and took a deep breath, then rounded the last tree. 
As promised, Aaron was waiting. His eyes lit up when he saw her, but he approached her warily, his hands held tightly at his sides. He stopped a few feet away from her, waiting in silence.
“Tell me,” she said, “in detail, exactly what happens at the binding ceremony. Will there be other dragons there?”
“Yes,” he replied, “my clan will all be invited.”
“Dragons have clans?”
“Yes,” he replied.
“And will your clan leader be there?”
“Keira.” He took another step towards her but stopped when she raised her eyebrows. “There is something more you need to know.” He glanced down at the ground, before raising his eyes to meet hers.
“I am the clan leader,” he said. “I became leader when my father died.”
“Like a lord?”
“Yes, something like that.”
“And what do they call you?” 
Aaron sighed in frustration at Keira’s cool interrogation. “I’m a dragon master. They call me Master.”
“So who else will be involved in this ceremony?”
“One of the elders will lead the ceremony.”
“Elder?”
“Yes,” he said, “my uncle.”
“And all the dragons at the ceremony will be there as ... dragons?”
“No, they wouldn’t all fit in the room if they were there as dragons.” He smiled wryly. “They will be in human form. And there will be humans there as well. Many of the dragons are married to human mates.” 
Keira’s eyes widened in surprise before she continued. “And what else will happen at this ceremony?”
“Well, once the official ceremony is over, there will be feasting.”
“Feasting? Will you be serving roast pig or roast human?” 
He closed his eyes and drew in a deep breath. “Keira, there won’t be humans on the menu, but ...” He paused, clearly uncomfortable.
“Yes?” she prompted. Aaron’s face was tense, but he met her enquiring gaze without flinching.
“Keira, I’m a dragon, you know that. And you need to understand exactly what that means. I have also told you that dragons need to eat human flesh in order to survive. The dragons of my clan do not eat humans out of pleasure, and we survive as much as possible on the flesh of animals, but there are times when we need to eat, or else face death.” 
The color drained from Keira’s face as she took a step back. Aaron took another step towards her, then stopped. 
“Keira, you know I don’t go abducting maidens from the countryside,” he said. “The humans are prisoners, men already condemned to die. We offer them the choice – if they choose to be killed by a dragon, we provide for their families. Many choose this way over the noose, and it is very quick – the men do not feel a lot of pain.” 
Keira turned away, her face a mask of horror. She knew Aaron was a dragon, and she knew what dragons ate, but somehow she hadn’t connected them in her mind. Does it matter? a little voice whispered. Weren’t you ready to accept him for what he is – a dragon? You said you loved him, the voice teased, but maybe you only love the parts you find acceptable. 
As the questions ran through her mind, Keira realized that she had to accept all of him, or nothing at all. The thought of losing him, the man who had captured her heart, made her chest tighten in pain. She took a deep breath, then turned slowly around to face Aaron. He had not moved, his face reflecting his own pain. 
“Very well,” she said.
“Very well?” he asked, his voice cracking with the strain.
“Yes,” she said, a slight smile hovering around her lips. “Very well.”
“Very well?” he repeated again, the question still heavy in his voice as he started to smile. He took a step towards her before pausing once more.
“Yes,” she said, her smile growing. “I love you, Aaron Drake.” 
The words were barely out of her mouth when he pulled her into his arms, his mouth covering hers as he kissed her hungrily.
“Are you sure?” he asked, when he lifted his head.
“Yes,” she whispered, her hands pulling him closer as she wound them around his neck. He wrapped his arms tighter around her, the heat of his body searing through her clothes, reaching the very center of her being. Aaron trailed kisses along her neck as he whispered his love in her ear.
“We should go tell my parents,” she whispered a little later.
“Really?” he asked in disbelief, pulling away to look her in the face. “I thought you wanted to wait.”
“Well,” she rationalized, “there doesn’t seem to be much point in waiting.” 
His expression was exultant as he bent his head down to claim her lips once more.
 
Chapter 21 
Keira sat on a stool in the kitchen as Mary bustled around her. Her mind raced back to her meeting with Aaron that morning, lingering on his warm embrace and passionate kisses. She didn’t notice Anna when she walked into the room, her smile amused as she looked at her sister.
“You were gone early this morning,” she teased. “I hope you enjoyed your walk.” A faint blush stained Keira’s cheeks but she just smiled as she remembered how Aaron had walked with her to the edge of the forest before leaving her with a kiss. 
“I’ll come around later this morning, suitably dressed,” he had said with a smile, glancing down at his bare chest and loose pants.
“I don’t mind you dressed like this,” she murmured, “but we don’t want to give my mother further reason to hate you.” 
Keira had told Aaron about how her great-grandfather had died, killed by Aaron’s own father, the dragon. He listened in silence before turning to face Keira.
“I’m so sorry, Keira,” he said. “I’ve only ever considered the hurt my family suffered that day, without pausing to consider that others suffered just as much as we did.”
“It’s not your fault, Aaron,” Keira responded, but Aaron was already shaking his head.
“It may not have been my fault, but I have to take responsibility for my anger,” he said. “I hated humans for so long, I couldn’t see that the pain of that day was not limited to dragons but was shared equally by humans, and for that I am so sorry.” The distress was evident in his expression, but he smiled as he looked at her, his fingers tracing the lines of her face. “The healing starts with us, my sweet. Perhaps your mother will eventually realize that not all dragons are evil, just as I’ve come to understand that many humans are good.”
As the morning wore on, Keira felt her tension rising. She didn’t fear marrying the dragon, but she definitely feared breaking the news to her mother! Every few minutes she glanced out the door, wondering what was taking Aaron so long. 
It was already late morning when she saw him walking down the lane towards their house. He wore a tunic with a belt clasped around his waist, his legs covered in hose. Although the tunic was of a simple cut, Keira could see that the fabric was finely woven, without flaws. He smiled when he saw her, offering a courtly bow in greeting. 
She smiled in return, longing to reach out and touch him, to feel his lips on hers, but instead she dropped a quick curtsey. “Milord, please come inside.”
“Wait!” He grabbed her hand, pulling her to a halt. “There’s a reason I’m arriving so late. I went into the town first, before coming here, because I was hoping that an item I ordered was ready for delivery. I ordered it a week ago, from a dragon goldsmith, when you first agreed to marry me.” 
He reached into the purse that hung at his side and pulled out a ring, a crimson ruby glittering in a dainty setting of gold. Keira stared at it for a moment before looking up at Aaron.
“You can’t possibly mean me to have that,” she whispered.
“Why not?” he asked in surprise.
“It must cost a whole year’s wages! I’ve never even seen something of such value, never mind worn something like that.”
“Keira, this ring is yours, to be worn on your hand as a reminder of the love I have for you. There is nothing in this world that would match the value you have for me. Compared to you, this is a mere trinket.” As he spoke, Aaron pulled her hand into his own, and slid the ring onto her finger. Keira twisted her hand, letting the sunlight catch the gem, then looked at Aaron.
“I have nothing to give you,” she said.
“You’ve given me your love. I need nothing else. Now come, let’s go face your mother.” He lifted her hand to his lips and gently kissed her fingers, then gestured for her to lead the way. 
 
A short while later, Aaron sat on the bench in the parlor, while Keira’s parents sat across from him on hard-backed chairs. Keira stood outside the room, her back pressed against the passage wall as she listened in.
“Master Carver,” he said, “Madam, you have probably guessed my reason for coming to see you today.” 
Aaron paused, waiting for them to respond, but when they didn’t, he continued.
“I intend to wed your daughter, Master Carver.” 
Keira peeked around the door to see her mother stiffen at Aaron’s words. 
“I am fully aware of the animosity you bear towards me, Madam,” he went on, “but let me assure you that that will not deter me in my goal of having your daughter as my wife. I love Keira, and will see to it that she has all the comforts money can buy. For her sake, I will also ensure that her family is well looked after.” 
Keira’s mother stared at Aaron for a moment in silence, then turned her attention towards the doorway. “Keira!” she called, her voice sharp. 
Keira smoothed down her skirts nervously and stepped into the room. She glanced at Aaron before turning her attention to her parents.
“Yes, Mother,” she said.
“This man,” said her mother, nodding towards Aaron, “says he intends to marry you. What say you to this?” 
Keira glanced at Aaron again, his warm smile lending her strength.
“I say that I would be happy to marry him, Mother. I love him.” 
Keira could see the astonishment skip across her mother’s face, but it was her father who spoke next.
“Well, then, it’s all settled,” he said as Mother gaped in shock. “We’ll post the announcement of your wedding today. Have you named the date?”
“Two weeks from today,” was Aaron’s immediate reply.
“Very well,” Father said. “I will leave you to make arrangements with the priest. We will provide the wedding fare, and will let the village musicians know to ready their instruments.” 
At this, Keira’s father stood, signaling the end of the visit. He held his hand out to Aaron, who quickly stood, shaking the extended hard warmly.
“Thank you, Master Carver. Madam.” Aaron nodded at Keira’s mother, still sitting on her stool, looking dazed at the turn of events. Keira followed Aaron to the door, stepping outside with him as he laced his fingers in hers.
“That wasn’t so bad,” he whispered. “Your father is definitely starting to grow on me.” He bent down and grazed his lips against hers before turning away with a grin. 
As Keira re-entered the house, she watched from the entryway as her mother rounded on her husband in the parlor. “How could you allow this?” 
“Jenny, did you not see how they looked at each other?” he said. “It is clear that Aaron Drake loves our daughter, and that she returns his love. If we prevented this marriage, the best outcome we could hope for is that our daughter stays at home until we force her into an unwanted marriage, and then spends the rest of her life hating us.” He grabbed his wife by the shoulders, forcing her to look up at him. “The more likely outcome will be that she runs off with him, and we never see her again. I suggest that you give in with good grace, rather than pushing her even further away.” He dropped his hands and took a step back, and Mother’s shoulders slumped.
“I suppose you are right,” she said, turning away. 
Keira quietly slipped back out of the house as she reflected on what Father had said. He had never been a man of many words, but when he did say something, it was usually with great insight. She only hoped Mother would give heed to his wisdom.
That evening Mother sat down opposite Keira as she sewed in the candlelight, her partly finished wedding gown spread over her lap.
“There is still much for you to finish if you are to be ready by your wedding day,” Mother told her. “Why don’t I sew the sleeves while you work on the hem?” 
Keira glanced at her mother in surprise before handing over the unfinished sleeves. Father, writing his daily accounts at a small desk in the corner, looked up with a smile, before returning his attention to the pages before him. 
 
The next two weeks flew by with amazing speed. Every evening Keira and her mother worked on the wedding garments in the light of the flickering candles, working late into the night. Mother had gaped when she saw the ring glittering on Keira’s finger, the ruby reflecting the light of the fire in the hearth. Turning Keira’s finger this way and that, she examined the ring carefully before sitting back on her stool with a grunt.
“Well, at least we know he is wealthy, if not worthy,” was her only comment. Keira bit off her sharp retort, recognizing that her mother was making a concession, however slight. 
 
Chapter 22
The days leading up to the wedding were filled with activity, which left little time for Keira to see Aaron. Keira’s mother might not be in favor of the wedding, but she certainly was not going to have the villagers say she provided poor fare. She immediately set about fattening up a dozen geese, while Keira’s father was sent with a group of villagers to hunt for wild boar in the woods and Keira and Anna were dispatched to forage for berries to bake into pies. Sometimes, as she searched the bushes for their fruit, Keira would feel a shadow pass over her and she would smile, knowing that if she looked up she would see a dragon circling high above her. The sun would glint off his golden scales, throwing light so bright she would need to shield her eyes. Sometimes she ignored him, and he would fly lower and lower, until she could feel his warm breath on her neck and the leaves would swirl from the beating of his wings. She would look up then, making a comment about the annoying creatures buzzing around as he growled in mock anger. 
There had been one morning when she was hunting for blackberries at the edge of an open field. The sun was approaching its zenith, the heat making Keira feel slow and lethargic. Her mind was lost in thought as she bent over the bushes, her basket resting on the ground as she filled her hands with the swollen fruit. Every now and then she would pop one of the berries into her mouth, the sweet juice filling her mouth with a sweet explosion. The dragon swooping down on her was so silent, she didn’t hear its approach until he was right above her, his claws wrapping around her arms and swinging her into the air. She squealed when the ground disappeared below her feet, before thought caught up with emotion. 
“Let me down,” she yelled, but her protests were met with a low chuckle.
“Are you sure, my sweet?” the dragon asked. 
Keira looked down and gulped when she saw how high above the ground Aaron had flown. “Um, maybe not?”
“I’ll never let you go, Keira,” the dragon said, his voice husky. 
He carried on flying until they were far from the village, before descending over an open meadow. Swooping down low, he dropped Keira in a patch of soft grass before landing a few feet away.
“Why did you do that?” Keira demanded as soon as she had caught her breath. “You could have just landed where I was.”
“Turn around, Keira,” said Aaron, his voice filled with laughter. She spun around in a huff as light danced in the air. Coming up behind her, Aaron bent his mouth down to her ear. “You were too close to the village. If I had landed there, I wouldn’t have been able to do this,” he whispered, nuzzling her neck before turning her around and lowering his lips to hers. Her arms crept up around his neck as he pulled her close and ravaged her mouth with his tongue. “I’ve missed you, my sweet.”
“Hmm,” she finally said, when she came up for breath, “I think I need a little more convincing.” Aaron didn’t need any further urging, his lips trapping hers in the next moment.
“I wish I could carry you back holding you in my arms,” said Aaron, a short time later, “but I can’t risk someone seeing me.”
“Soon you won’t need to fly me back at all,” replied Keira.
“That is the only thing preventing me from snatching you away right now,” Aaron assured her, “and hiding away with you for the rest of our days.”
 
There was only one unpleasant incident to mar the frantic days leading up to the wedding. Keira was walking through the village when she was roughly pushed against a wall by Edmund, her head knocking painfully against the bricks. 
“So I hear you’re marrying that stranger,” snarled Edmund, his eyes narrowing when she didn’t respond. “You are supposed to be marrying me,” he growled angrily. “You are mine.” 
Keira blinked in surprise. “I was never yours. And you don’t like me at all,” she said, “and I really don’t like you. So why do you still want to marry me?”
“You’re right,” he said. “I really don’t like you, but what has that got to do with marriage? As long as you cook, clean and meet my needs, you’ll do as well as any other woman.” Edmund leaned closer, his face glowering. “We were intended for each other, and that makes you mine. My mother told me before she died that your mother agreed we would marry one day.”
“The musing of two old friends does not a marriage contract make,” retorted Keira. “No promises were ever made, no assurances given.” She shook herself free of his grasp. “So, no, Edmund, I am certainly not yours, and I am free to marry whomever I choose.” With that, she stalked away.
“You’ll be sorry for this,” Edmund shouted after her. “Mark my words. You know, it’s a pity the dragon didn’t eat you that day, instead of bringing you home!” 
The words trailed after Keira as she marched away, and a shudder passed through her. What can a man like that do against a dragon? she thought disdainfully, but the words cast a pall over her that did not dissipate until the following morning.

Chapter 23 
The morning of the wedding dawned fair and fine. Already the weather was starting to hint at autumn, each morning revealing more trees decked out in reds and golds as the cool morning air hung close to the ground. Keira and Anna woke up early in order to help their mother as she rushed around the kitchen. The geese had been slaughtered the day before and were hanging in the cellar, the wild boar was dressed and ready for the fire, the pastry was made and rolled, and bread was rising on the windowsills. The feast was to be held in the village square, the meat roasted in the large fire pit in the center of the square. When early afternoon arrived, Mother chased Keira to the room she shared with her sister to make herself ready. Mary had already dragged the large copper tub into the room, filling it with water heated over the fire, before laying Keira’s wedding garments out over her bed. Steam filled the room, and the air was heavy with the scent of the lavender that had been crushed and tossed into the water. Stripping off her clothes, Keira stepped into the warm tub, sinking into the luxurious warmth. She had been astonished when her mother pulled her aside before her bath and handed her a small cake of delicately scented soap.
“I bought this a few years ago from a travelling tinker,” she explained, “and I’ve been saving it for a special occasion. I think your wedding day is such an occasion.” Keira carefully lifted the bar from her mother’s hand before looking up and meeting her gaze.
“Thank you, Mother,” she said softly, wrapping her arms around her parent. Mother stood stiff for a moment, before lifting her own arms and returning the embrace.
“You’re most welcome, my daughter,” she replied, her voice quavering.
It was a few hours later when Keira stepped out of her room. Her wedding gown, finished just the previous evening, was made of finely woven dark blue linen. It was cut wide across the shoulders and the bodice fitted her closely, the waist low, before flaring out in gentle folds. The long pendulum sleeves were cut wide at the wrist, the gold lining contrasting richly against the deep blue. A girdle of gold silk was tied around her hips, the long ends hanging down the front of her gown. Her long, dark hair had been parted and braided, the two braids hanging over her shoulders, and gold ribbons woven into her hair. A circlet of flowers sat on her brow. As Keira walked into the front room, Anna thrust a wooden cross into her hands, a small posy of flowers tied with a ribbon resting on top.
Mother looked her critically up and down, before nodding her approval. 
“You look well, my child,” she said.
Father stepped up to her, and gently dropped a kiss onto the top of her head, before leading her outside. The family horse had been tethered outside the cottage door, a richly colored blanket spread over its back, and Keira’s father lifted her onto the mount’s back. His smile was wide as he gazed at her for a moment before resting his hand on her knee.
“You have been a good daughter, Keira,” he said, “and I pray that Aaron Drake will treat you well.”
“He will, Father,” she said. “He’s a good man, and he loves me, as I love him.” 
Father nodded, then turned to the horse and grasped the reins. Keira’s mother and sister followed behind them as they made their way through the village, coming to a stop outside the village church. The priest was already standing on the steps, while Aaron and another man waited at the bottom. Keira looked at the other man for a moment, wondering who he was, before turning her attention to Aaron. He was a dazzling figure in gold and crimson; the clothes covering his splendid frame were rich and luxurious. A shirt of cream silk could be seen beneath a doublet of gold velvet. Crimson dragons were embroidered across the chest, the flames from their mouths reaching up to his neck. His hose were of gold silk, disappearing into his customary knee high boots of brown leather. Over his shoulders was a gleaming cloak of gold, lined with crimson, the gold dragon brooch pinning it together over his chest. At his side hung a sword, two dragons winding around the sheath, their eyes crimson rubies. The hilt of the sword was covered in precious stones, but Keira had no doubt that Aaron could use it with deadly force if necessary. His head was bare, and his tawny hair was pulled back in a gold ribbon, matching the gold in his hair highlighted by the bright afternoon sun. As Keira looked at Aaron, she suddenly felt very plain in her dark blue gown, but Aaron’s eyes, raking over her in frank admiration, chased the fear away. 
Keira’s father reached his hands up to help his daughter off the horse, before pulling her arm through his and leading her up the path to the church stairs where Aaron stood on the first step. Father gently kissed her on the cheek before placing her hand in Aaron’s and stepping away. The square in front of the church was full of the villagers who had come to watch the ceremony and enjoy the festivities. 
“You look beautiful, my sweet,” whispered Aaron. He clasped her hand in his as he led her up the stairs, joining the priest at the door, while Keira’s family gathered on the steps below, joining the man who had been waiting with Aaron. The sun was shining brightly as they stood on the well-worn porch of the small stone church, where the priest conducted the ceremony.
“Dearly beloved,” intoned the priest, repeating the words used in marriage ceremonies throughout the civilized world. It was over in a matter of minutes, Aaron gazing at Keira as he repeated the sacred vows, his eyes alight when he slid a band of gold onto her finger. The smile that lit his face when she said her vows was rapturous, and Keira almost forgot the words as she gazed into his eyes. As soon as the vows were exchanged, the priest led the couple into the candle-lit church for the nuptial mass, before finally leading them back outside and presenting them to the waiting crowd. 
As they descended the stairs of the church, Keira felt herself being pulled into a tight embrace by Anna, who then turned her attention to Aaron.
“Well, brother,” she said with a cheeky smile, “are you going to embrace your new sister?”
“I can always spare some attention for my little sister,” responded Aaron, pulling her against his chest briefly, before pushing her away. “But if you start making trouble, I’m sure I can find a dungeon to lock you into,” he added.
“I never make trouble,” retorted Anna, but Aaron just lifted his eyebrows with a grin, before turning away. The man who had been waiting with Aaron stepped up and clasped Aaron on the shoulder, as he shook Aaron’s hand. 
“Congratulations, milord,” the man said, his face reflecting his sincerity.
“Thank you, Thomas,” responded Aaron with a smile of affection. He turned to Keira.
“Keira, this is Thomas, my trusted steward and a good friend. I rely on him in many matters, both business and personal.” 
Keira looked the man over carefully. Despite being older, in his late forties or early fifties, he stood straight and tall. His hair was thinning, but his eyes were a piercing blue, intelligent and kind. 
“Thomas.” Keira inclined her head in acknowledgment. 
“Milady.” Thomas returned the greeting before turning away to join the mingling crowd.
Trestle tables had been set up in the village square, and fowl and boar had been roasting since the morning over a fire that roared in a pit in the center. The wedding table had been placed on a raised dais at one end of the square, while other tables were arrayed around the outer edges, leaving the center open for dancing. 
Aaron led Keira to the main table, and they were soon joined by Keira’s family. Wine and ale were already flowing freely amongst the revelers, and serving maids carried large trays of meats. News of the wedding had brought a traveling minstrel into the village, and he was soon entertaining the villagers with bawdy songs and heartfelt ballads. As soon as he stopped for a rest, the village musicians took over, their instruments urging people to their feet as they joined hands to dance the traditional wedding carol. Grabbing Keira by the hand, Aaron dragged her into the circle, joining the villagers already dancing, and when Anna joined them, he pulled her into the circle on his other side. The one person noticeably missing from the festivities was Edmund, although his absence was met with relief by Keira. His father the reeve was in attendance, however, and although he wasn’t particularly friendly, he did manage to tell the bridal couple that he wished them all the best. 
It was already past the midnight hour when Aaron suggested to Keira that it was time to make their escape, a suggestion to which she heartily agreed. Aaron gestured to Thomas, letting him know they would be on their way, while Keira scanned the crowd, searching for her parents and sister. They were on the other side of the square, where Father stood with other village men, and Mother was deep in conversation with Jane Tanner. Anna was close by, laughing with a group of village girls, their giggles rising above the general hubbub of the gathering. Taking Aaron by the hand, Keira led him over to her family so they could make their farewells, weaving her way between the dancers and musicians still enjoying the revelries despite the late hour. At the sound of their approach, Father looked over at his daughter, and a smile wreathed his face.
“You are a beautiful bride, my daughter,” he said. “Your countenance has been radiant all evening.” 
“Thank you, Father,” replied Keira, glancing quickly at the source of her joy with a warm smile. Aaron wrapped his arm around her shoulder, pulling her closer to his side as Keira continued. “We are leaving now, Father.” Mother and Anna had joined the little group, and this pronouncement was met with expressions of surprise.
“Surely you don’t intend to travel to Storbrook Castle at this hour,” exclaimed Mother. “It is already past the witching hour.”
“You must stay in our home, at least for the night,” Father urged. “You can travel to Storbrook tomorrow, by the light of day.”
“No,” responded Aaron with quiet finality. “Storbrook is my home, and is now Keira’s home as well. I have a horse waiting, and my man Thomas will travel with us. I know the road well, and I can guarantee you that no harm will come to your daughter.” 
Anna was standing a few feet away, and Keira heard her mutter something under her breath. She thought she caught the word ‘fly,’ but whatever it was she said, it made Aaron glance her way with a look of stern disapproval before he turned back to Keira.
“Are you ready, my sweet?” he asked as Thomas appeared behind the square leading two horses by the reins. 
“Yes,” she said, then turned back to her parents. “Thank you for everything,” she said. She reached for her mother’s hand and gave it a quick squeeze before turning to Anna and pulling her into a tight embrace. 
“I’ll be looking for you in a month’s time,” whispered Anna. “Don’t forget.”
“We’ll be back soon,” promised Keira, glancing at Aaron. “A month will go by quickly.”
She turned back to Aaron and placed her hand in his, smiling up at him.
“Let’s go home,” she said. 
 
Chapter 24 
Keira leaned against Aaron as they rode astride the horse along the dark road. The trees cast eerie shadows around them, making Keira shiver, but Aaron’s strong arms around her lent her courage. Thomas rode his own horse a few paces behind them, giving them a chance for private conversation.
“Is Thomas human?” Keira asked once they were clear of the village.
“Yes,” Aaron replied.
“But he knows what you are?”
“Yes, he is one of few who do.”
“But what about your servants at Storbrook? Do they know?”
“Thomas is the only one in my confidence.”
“But how is that possible?”
“The servants all know that the dragon is free to come and go as he pleases,” he said, “but the dragon only enters or leaves Storbrook through the large outer windows. The man they know as their master comes and goes through the more conventional entries.”
“But still,” Keira said in confusion, “don’t they see the chambers the dragon enters?”
“The rear wall of the donjon forms part of the outer castle wall,” explained Aaron. “It is not possible for someone to see which window the dragon is flying into unless they are directly outside the wall. Since that side of the mountain is sheer rock face, it is impossible for someone to be there.”
“But surely the servants must wonder why the dragon is given free rein of the castle.” 
 “If they do, they keep their conjectures to themselves. Fear of a dragon is quite a motivation to keep quiet. Not,” he added quickly as she tensed in his arms, “that I would ever do anything to harm any of my servants – but they don’t know that. Besides, my staff only numbers eighteen, and there is little need for them to venture away from the castle. Thomas takes a cart into the closest village every fortnight, and whoever wants to go with him is free to do so.”
Keira was silent for a moment as she considered this. “So,” she said, “Thomas is the only one who knows.”
“And the priest.”
“The priest?” she repeated in astonishment. Aaron chuckled at her surprise.
“Yes, the priest,” he said. “He is a confessor for the prisoners and also reads them their last rites.”
“Oh! Of course.” In fact, Keira had forgotten about the prisoners, but she was glad Aaron attended to their spiritual needs.
“So, Thomas and the priest,” she repeated. “That’s not very many people.” Keira felt Aaron shrug behind her.
“The fewer people who know, the easier it is to keep my secret.” He reined in his horse as he spoke the last words, slipping down off its back and holding his hand up for Keira.
“This is as far as we go on horseback,” he explained. “Thomas will take the horses the rest of the way while we fly back.”
“But won’t the servants be surprised to find you at Storbrook in the morning? And with a wife, as well?” 
“I’m sure Thomas will come up with a suitable explanation, won’t you, Thomas?” Aaron asked with a grin as the man pulled up next to them.
“Of course, milord,” Thomas replied. 
Aaron unclasped his cloak and swung it around Keira’s back, drawing the dragon pin through the folds of fabric as he wrapped it around her shoulders. In another minute he had stripped off his doublet and shirt and stuffed them into a saddle bag, leaving his chest bare. Nodding once at Thomas, he returned his gaze to Keira and pulled her into his arms. 
“Aren’t you changing form?” asked Keira.
“No, I want to feel you in my arms as I carry you through the air. We will fly like this,” he said. “Hold tight,” he whispered as he unfurled his wings, and she wrapped her hands around his neck as he lifted them into the air. The air was cool around them, and Keira tightened her grip around Aaron as the heat of his skin slid into hers. It was a dark night, the waning moon offering very little light, but Aaron flew without hesitation.
 “How do you know where to go?” Keira asked, gazing out into the darkness that surrounded them.
“Humans are so used to relying on their eyes, they forget about their other senses,” said Aaron with a snort. “Close your eyes, my sweet. Tell me what you hear.” Keira did as he instructed, listening to the sounds that filled the air around her.
“I hear your wings beating against the wind,” she replied, opening her eyes to smile at him. He smiled back, running his hands along her back as he did so. 
“What else?” he asked. Keira closed her eyes again.
“I can hear a nightjar.” She screwed up her eyes, concentrating. “And the sound of rushing water.” She opened her eyes and looked at him questioningly.
“Yes,” Aaron replied. “That’s the waterfall we were at.” His eyes tensed for a moment before he smiled again. “That means we are close to Storbrook. Now close your eyes again and tell me what you smell.” Keira did as she was instructed and took a deep breath.
“I smell you,” she said, keeping her eyes closed. “You smell like smoke.” 
Aaron chuckled before burying his nose in her hair and taking in a deep breath.
“And you smell of the promise of love,” he said. 
Keira blushed, but took another deep breath. “I smell ...” She hesitated, trying to place the scent, then opened her eyes when she came up with an answer. “Pine.”
“Yes, pine.” 
Keira laughed at his satisfied look. “I’m a quick student,” she teased. “How does pine help you know where you are?”
“Pine only grows at higher elevations, so I know we are high in the mountains,” he said. “But when you reach the top there is only rock, so when the smell of pine fades, I know I’m close. And look, the rock is below us now. Can you see Storbrook?” 
Keira tightened her grip around his neck and twisted around to look sideways. Below them, basking in a soft glow, was Storbrook. Flaming lanterns stood along the tops of the walls at regular intervals, bathing the castle in orange light that flickered in the breeze and cast shadows that danced in time to silent music. A huge fire blazed in the inner court, and Keira could see people mingling around the flames. A few notes of music drifted up on the breeze, and she realized that some of the people had instruments while others were dancing.
“Are they waiting for you?” she asked. 
Aaron shrugged lightly. “They are celebrating our marriage, but they aren’t expecting to see us tonight. It will be a few hours before Thomas arrives with the horses, and most of the people you see will have retired by then. If they are still around, they won’t be in any condition to contemplate why Thomas has arrived with two horses, but no second rider,” he added with a laugh.
Aaron headed towards the outer walls of the castle as he brought them down lower, finally flying into one of the large windows Keira had seen before. The wall was built from stone and stood at least three feet thick, and Aaron landed on the window ledge, which opened up into a very large room. Releasing Keira, he jumped down into the room, turning back to help her down. 
The chamber was dark, but Aaron quickly paced the room, lighting the torches that stood in sconces along the walls. A huge fireplace was built into one of the walls, and with a few fiery breaths Aaron had a fire blazing in the grate. As the light spread through the space, Keira looked around. The room was clearly a bedchamber, but was larger than her parents’ entire cottage. The ceiling soared twenty feet above her, the light barely penetrating the shadowed depths. A huge canopied bed was on one side of the room, covered in thick quilts and furs. 
 In the wall opposite the window was a large, heavy door, which Keira guessed led out to the rest of the castle. Near this door stood a long table, a porcelain basin and ewer on the surface, a pile of linens neatly stacked next to it. On either side of the bed, rugs had been placed on the stone floors, their exotic colors and designs suggesting they had been brought from afar. On the other side of the room, near the fireplace, was a sitting area. High-backed chairs covered in cushions stood closest to the fire, rugs were scattered on the floor, and further away stood a wooden table, with chairs on either side and a chess board set up with pieces. A smaller table stood against the wall, holding a decanter of wine and two goblets. The floor in the center of the room – an area that stretched thirty feet across – was completely bare of both furniture and rugs. 
Aaron watched Keira for a moment before walking over to her. Taking her hands in his, he massaged the back of her hands with his thumbs. 
 “Welcome home, Keira,” he said softly. He glanced around the room for a moment before looking back at her with a smile.
“This is the Great Chamber. If you would prefer to have separate chambers, then I would be happy to arrange that. But I was hoping...” He hesitated for a moment before continuing. “Keira, will you share this chamber with me? There’s a Lady’s Bower that connects to this room –” 
The words weren’t even out of his mouth when Keira responded. “Yes. Yes. Of course, yes!”
Aaron’s smile was ecstatic as he pulled her into his arms, his mouth near her ear.
“I have dreamed of this moment, my sweet. To hold you in my arms and know that you belong here with me.” He pulled back to look her in the eyes. “All that I have is yours – my home, my possessions, my protection, my life and my heart. I love you, Keira, and have loved you from the first moment I saw you. Your grace, your courage and your beauty captivated me. I may be the dragon, but I am completely at your mercy.” 
Keira shivered as his mouth captured her lips, his kiss passionate. As he drew away, Keira could see the desire blazing in his eyes, and she suddenly felt shy. The way Edmund had fumbled with her skirts had only filled her with fear and repulsion, and although she knew Aaron’s attentions would be an act of love, she wasn’t sure what to expect. She pulled back slightly, her eyes downcast as Aaron watched her carefully. 
“Come, my sweet, let’s sit by the fire for a while.” Keeping her hand in his, he led her across the room to one of the high-backed chairs; then he went to the table and poured them each a cup of wine. Handing her the goblet, its liquid glowing ruby red in the firelight, Aaron settled himself at her feet, his hands resting on her knees as he turned to look at her. 
“Your parents provided a lavish feast,” he said, smiling at her. “Anyone would think that they actually approve of our union.”
Keira grinned. “Mother would rather die than give the village women reason to say she was miserly. And as for Father, I think he really does like you. Or maybe he just senses that it is in his own best interests not to cross a dragon,” she teased. 
“And don’t ever forget it, wife,” Aaron growled playfully, reaching up to pull her from the chair and into his lap. He wrapped his arms around her and pulled her against his chest.
“Did you see Dame Lamb dancing?” Keira asked as she settled her weight against him. “I didn’t realize that she had that much energy. Even the young men were struggling to keep up with her.” She laughed as she remembered the way the older lady lifted her skirts above her ankles, shocking many of the younger women in the crowd.
“Hmm,” responded Aaron. “There seems to be more to Dame Lamb than meets the eye. Dancing, drinking, conversing with faeries. What next?” 
The fire grew low in the grate as they continued to discuss the wedding celebration. Aaron made Keira blush when he recounted some of the bawdy jokes told by the minstrel, while Aaron laughed as Keira repeated some of the wifely wisdom that had been bestowed on her by well-meaning village women.
The firelight caught the band of gold glittering on Keira’s finger, and she pulled her hand out of his to take a closer look. Finely etched around the gold band was a dragon, the flame from its mouth reaching around the circle to catch its tail. 
“This ring was my mother’s, given to her by my father,” said Aaron, watching her as she examined the ring. “Once we have the binding ceremony, dragon blood will forever course through your veins.” The binding ceremony was scheduled to take place the following week, allowing Keira and Aaron a few days alone before their guests started arriving. Keira found herself equally repelled and aroused by the thought of drinking Aaron’s blood, his life intermingled with hers. 
“I can’t wait to have your blood in my veins,” whispered Aaron, as if reading her thoughts, “and know that my blood flows through yours. We will forever be a part of each other, and nothing will ever separate us.”
As they sat curled in front of the fire, Aaron allowed his hands to explore her body with a thoroughness that he had not previously shown, and when he lowered his lips to hers, she returned his kisses with equal fervor. 
“I’ll be very gentle, Keira,” whispered Aaron. “I intend to give you as much pleasure as you will give me in our joining. This is our most private, intimate connection, and nothing that happens between us should be viewed with shame or embarrassment. I love you, my sweet. Allow me to show you how much.”
And when he slowly slid her gown off her shoulders and touched her skin with fevered lips, she welcomed his caresses, rejoicing in the fulfillment she found in him.
When Keira woke the following morning, she was in the large bed, cocooned in quilts and blankets, her husband curled around her back. Bringing her hand to her mouth, she traced her fingers around her lips, before running them down her neck, over her bare breasts and down her stomach. The warmth crept into her cheeks as she remembered her husband’s mouth trailing down along the same path, and her stomach clenched as she recalled his caresses. He had been so gentle the first time, patiently waiting for her before carrying them both to dizzying heights of passion. They had slept lightly, awakening to an intense awareness of each other, and when he moaned at her caresses, she knew that she could evoke the same powerful responses in him that he evoked in her. She had not known it was possible to feel such pleasure, and she smiled in remembrance as she snuggled closer to Aaron, reveling in his warmth. He rested his hand on her breast, his thighs tucked behind hers, and his arm tightened around her as he opened his eyes sleepily, a smile curving his lips as he looked at her through his lashes. 
“Good morning, my wife,” he murmured, as his hand slowly trailed down her bare hip and along her thigh. His gentle touch sent shivers sweeping through her, and she turned around to face him, her legs intertwining with his. He pulled her closer, his warm breath caressing her face as he pushed himself up on one elbow to kiss her. The passion flared as she wrapped her arms around him, lost in the sensual feelings that assaulted them. 

Chapter 25 
The sun was high when they finally stirred out of the warm nest of quilts, the mundane needs of food and ablutions forcing their way into their private sanctuary. Aaron waited as Keira wrapped herself in one of the furs before he led her into the anteroom, astounding her when he opened up chest after chest filled with gowns, petticoats, cloaks and shoes. 
“But, how ...?” she began, gaping at the luxurious fabrics and bright hues. Aaron smiled as he stood close behind her, his fingers trailing down her spine.
“I told Thomas to hire a seamstress as soon as you agreed to marry me,” he said. “She’s still here, so if you find that these are not suitable, or you fancy something I have overlooked, be sure to let Thomas know, and he will remedy the situation.” 
Keira looked at the chests again as she shook her head. “There are more gowns here than my mother, sister and I own together. I cannot think the seamstress’s services will be needed any further.”
“I’m sure you will find something to occupy her time,” he said. “But come, we should both clothe ourselves and go in search of sustenance.” 
Keira gently lifted a gown out of one of the chests, marveling at the rich green silk trimmed in gold. Gently placing it aside, she reached in farther, pulling out gowns in pinks, yellows, blues and reds; made in rich silks and velvets; trimmed with beads, pearls, gold thread and fur. By the time the chest was empty, there were over a dozen gowns spread across the floor. Aaron smiled as he watched her, her mouth hanging open in amazement at the rich garments. Standing up, Keira placed her hands on Aaron’s chest.
“Thank you,” she whispered, shivering when he brushed his lips over hers.
“The pleasure was all mine,” he breathed as his hand wandered up to her neck, pulling her close as his kiss deepened. She lifted her hands to wrap them around his neck, causing the fur wrap to slip out of her grasp, and he pulled away to look at her appreciatively.
“You can present yourself to me like this anytime,” he said, his smile becoming a leer as his eyes blazed with gold. Keira pushed him away, the color mounting in her cheeks. 
“I think it would be prudent for me to get dressed now,” she murmured as he laughed, dropping a kiss on her shoulder as he turned away.
“Your being dressed won’t stop me desiring you,” he said over his shoulder. “It only adds to the pleasure, like removing the shell to reveal the pearl.” He glanced back at his wife, appreciating the fiery blush that spread to her neck at his words, then turned his back to her and nonchalantly pulled on his hose, chuckling under his breath.
Keira had dressed and was brushing her hair when a knock sounded on the door. 
“Come,” called Aaron, first glancing at her to ensure her modesty. The door pushed open and Thomas stepped inside, closing the door behind him before bowing to Aaron. 
“Milord,” he said, then glanced at Keira. “Milady.” 
“Thomas!” Aaron said. “You made it back without mishap, I see.” 
“Yes, milord,” responded Thomas with a slight grin. “I arrived back a few hours before dawn. I had to rouse the guard in the gatehouse, and anyone still remaining in the courtyard was past the point of noting my arrival trailing an extra horse.” 
Aaron laughed lightly. “Good.” He threw a grin over his shoulder at Keira before turning back to his steward. “The Lady Keira will be sharing these chambers with me, and the Lady’s Bower will also be fully at her disposal.” 
Aaron turned back to Keira. “You are free to make whatever changes you see fit in either this chamber or the Lady’s Bower, my sweet, or any other room in the castle, in fact. Just let Thomas know your will, and he will make the necessary arrangements.” 
Aaron glanced back at the steward, his expressive look indicating that the words were as much for Thomas’s benefit. Thomas’s eyebrows lifted at Aaron’s words, but his expression was carefully blank.
“Of course, milord,” he replied. He cleared his throat before continuing. “Cook was wondering whether you and your lady would be joining us for dinner, or whether she should send your victuals to your chambers.”
“We will join you shortly in the hall,” Aaron replied. “My Lady Keira will be introduced to the household at that time.” Thomas nodded and turned to leave the room, closing the heavy door carefully behind him.
 
A few minutes later the door opened once more, and the master of the castle and his fair wife left the privacy of their chambers and headed down the corridor. They soon reached a large sweeping staircase, beyond which, Aaron explained, were further private chambers and apartments. Since the castle had remained empty for so long, these were still closed, but with the imminent arrival of guests, would be opened up and aired. Guest rooms were on the floor below, as well as a private solar and Aaron’s cabinet. The level below that housed the Great Hall, where the household shared their meals and entertainments were enjoyed. Beyond the Great Hall were further rooms that housed the castle staff, and directly below them were the low hall, kitchen, pantry, larder and scullery. And below all of that, explained Aaron, a grin lurking at the corners of his mouth, were the caves. But since the Storbrook dragon had declined these particular living quarters, he said, they housed the castle cellars instead.
By the time he finished his description of Keira’s new home, they had reached the entrance to the Great Hall. 
“Ready, my sweet,” asked Aaron softly. Keira nodded her head, and Aaron tightened his grip around her hand, squeezing her fingers gently. “My servants are good people, Keira – they will soon learn to love you,” he said before turning back to the hall and leading her in. 
The room was already full of people sitting on benches at the long tables that stood around the huge room, their voices blending into a rumble. The noise slowly dropped as people became aware of the Master entering with his lady. All eyes turned to them as Aaron led Keira to a table on a raised dais. Thomas stood behind the table, smiling at Keira as she kept her eyes looking straight ahead. At Thomas’s friendly smile some of the tension left her, and she smiled back, relieved to see at least one familiar face. Aaron handed Keira onto the dais before hopping up himself, turning to face the assembly. 
“Men and women of Storbrook,” he began, “I present my wife, Lady Keira.” There was silence in the room as Keira felt the weight of their stares, but when Aaron swept his arm around her and bent her over to kiss her, the room broke out into cheers. Pulling her back to her feet, Aaron grinned before turning back to his staff. 
“I know that you will serve her as well as you do me,” he said, then waved his hand towards the door. “Now, let us eat.” He nodded to the priest to lead the prayers, then led Keira to her seat at the raised table. The prayers said, serving girls brought in trays of food and placed them on the long tables, dropping themselves down onto the benches with the other diners as soon as they had set down their loads. 
“Are all these people here to serve you?” asked Keira in amazement. Although her family was considered well off in the village, they only had one serving girl who helped in the house. 
Aaron looked at her, surprised. “Well, yes. It takes a lot of people to keep a place like Storbrook running smoothly.”
“Yes, I suppose so,” responded Keira, her tone doubtful. Aaron looked at her thoughtfully for a moment before taking her hand. 
“You are a woman of strength and courage, Keira,” he said. “It may seem a bit daunting at the moment, but you will quickly grow into your role as lady of the house. You will have my support in whatever changes you see fit to make, and Thomas will be around to lend his support as well.” Aaron glanced at Thomas, who had seated himself next to Keira, and he nodded in agreement. 
“You will do fine, milady,” Thomas reassured her with a smile. “The servants all know their duties, and if there is anything you want done, come and speak to me.” 
Keira nodded, Aaron and Thomas’s reassurances filling her with confidence. She glanced up when a short, stout woman brought a tray over to the dais and dropped a curtsey in Aaron and Keira’s direction, her expression dour. 
“Welcome, milady,” she said, her voice void of expression. “I’m Cook. I expect you’ll want to talk to me, so you’ll find me in the kitchen.” 
Keira shot an amused look at Aaron before looking back at the woman. “Thank you, Cook,” she said. “I’ve already heard about your excellent skills in the kitchen, so I look forward to hearing your opinion on the menus I have in mind, knowing that your suggestions will be improvements to my simple ideas.” The cook nodded before turning away, her expression not quite as severe as before. Aaron snorted as Thomas hid a grin behind his hand.
“You’re a natural,” said Aaron with a grin, a note of pride in his voice. “But I will be very wary when you start plying me with compliments.” At that, Thomas laughed out loud, hurriedly looking away when Keira eyed him through narrowed slits.
 

Chapter 26 
The meal done, Keira took herself off to explore the castle while Aaron retreated with Thomas to the cabinet to discuss matters of business. She had just stepped outside to explore the gardens when Aaron caught up with her, his arms circling around her waist as he crept up from behind. She froze in fright for a moment, then turned around in his arms, reaching up to put her hands around his neck. He nibbled her earlobe before trailing kisses down her jaw and onto her neck.
“Did you miss me?” he murmured.
“Mmm,” she responded, all thought of speech snatched from her brain as she melted into his embrace. Aaron’s warm breath washed over her as he laughed softly, leading her over to a bench half hidden in the shade of a tree.
“I was discussing the arrangements for our guests with Thomas,” said Aaron, his arm around her shoulders. “You know they will start arriving in the next few days.”
“How many people are coming?” asked Keira, turning to face him. 
“There will be twenty-five dragons, and about eighteen humans.” 
“That’s a lot of dragons,” Keira gasped, her mind spinning at the thought of so many beasts in her home. 
Aaron grinned. “They will be in human form most of the time. After all, we can’t have our guests scaring the servants.”
“Not to mention your wife,” muttered Keira. Aaron laughed as he pulled her close.
“The only dragon you need to be scared of is this one, my sweet. Who knows when he will decide to nibble on your flesh?” he added, his voice low as he gently bit her earlobe again before brushing his mouth over her neck. She shivered in pleasure as he continued to tease her further, before finally pulling away, his arms still wrapped tightly around her. 
“Do you want to hear about our guests?” he asked.
“Yes, I suppose so,” Keira said reluctantly as Aaron laughed. He turned Keira around so that she leaned back against his chest, his arms wrapped about her waist as he spoke.
“I told you before that the dragons coming to the binding ceremony are part of my clan,” he said. “I also mentioned my uncle, who is the clan elder. His name is Owain, and he will lead the binding ceremony. His oldest son, my cousin Favian, is my closest friend. He and his wife Cathryn were married about ten years ago, so Cathryn is probably the closest to you in age. They have two young children who will also be coming.”
“Do you see them often?” asked Keira, twisting her head around to look at him.
“It was Favian who reminded me that I was also partly human. In fact, he tore the strips off me and threw them in my face.” He grimaced at the remembrance, before adding wryly, “I suppose that was the only way he was going to get through my thick, beastly mind. But it worked. And so I suppose it is thanks to him that I am holding you in my arms.” He paused for a moment, dropping a kiss onto her sun-warmed hair, before continuing. “It has been my wont to spend part of the year with them. They live with Owain and Margaret, and they are my closest family. But you are my family now.”
Keira pulled herself out of his arms and turned around to face him.
“I don’t want to be the reason you stop seeing your family, Aaron. I’m sure that I will love them as much as you do, and if you want to spend time with them, then that is what we must do.” Aaron smiled at her expression, intense and stern, and lifted his hand to push back her hair. 
“I want to be with you, my sweet,” he said. “Favian and Cathryn are close to my heart, but you are my life, my home. There will be times when we visit them, but it will be because we, you and I, choose to do so, not because I am lonely for family. You have made my life complete.” Aaron gazed into her eyes for a long moment, his eyes flecking with gold as the brown was swallowed up in a fiery blaze, before he pulled her to her feet and led her back to the castle.
“So who are the other dragons that will be coming?” she asked, much later, as they lay in each other’s arms. 
“The others are all members of my clan – so cousins, aunts and uncles.”
“You have dragon aunts?” asked Keira in surprise.
“Yes, of course,” he said. “Well, just one aunt, actually, but some of my cousins are women. It isn’t only boys that are born to dragons.”
“Well, no, I suppose not,” she stammered, embarrassed. “I suppose I didn’t really think about it.”
“My cousin Ayleth will be coming,” he said. “She’s Favian’s sister and is mated to a human, a widower. His children were still young when he met Ayleth, and they have raised the children together. And my aunt Beatrix, who is my father’s sister, will be coming with her husband James, who is also a dragon.” Aaron caressed Keira’s shoulder as he spoke. “He was rather wild in his younger days, and had already fathered two children with two different human women when he met Beatrix. But he settled down after meeting her, and they have been very happy together. The children, who are dragons, of course, remained with their mothers until they were teenagers, at which time they moved in with Beatrix and James.” Aaron turned to stare up at the ceiling as he continued. “As dragons, they should be attending, especially since I am their Master, but I doubt that Max will exert himself enough to come, and since I really don’t know Jane, I shouldn’t imagine she will come either. In fact, I suspect the only reason Beatrix and James are coming is to inspect the woman who has captured my heart.” Aaron turned to look at Keira with a smile, his eyes capturing hers as they changed from brown human eyes to the burning flames of a dragon. The blazing fire was the last thing Keira saw before her eyes drifted closed when his lips met hers. 
 
Chapter 27 
Keira stood in the castle courtyard looking up at the man standing before her. Almost a week had passed since her marriage to Aaron, and the man before her was among the first guests to arrive for the binding ceremony. She had expected the other dragons to share Aaron’s golden coloring, but this man had hair that was a flaming red, while his eyes were a dark, sapphire blue. He was taller and heavier-set than Aaron, with thick, red eyebrows and a square jaw. His skin was pale, but like Aaron, it glowed with light golden color. His face broke into a smile as Aaron strode towards him.
“Favian!” Aaron said. He grasped the man’s hand in his own, pulling him close as he thumped his back, before turning his attention to the pretty, petite woman standing at his side. “Cathryn! Welcome to Storbrook.” Turning back to Keira, Aaron grabbed her hand and drew her closer. “Keira, this is my cousin Favian and his lovely wife, Cathryn.” Aaron glanced around as Keira greeted them with a smile. 
“Where are Bronwyn and Will?” he asked, but the words were barely out of his mouth when Keira saw two small forms hurtling towards them. Taking a quick step backwards, she narrowly avoided being knocked over as the two children flung themselves at Aaron. The combined force knocked him off balance and he tumbled to the ground as shrieks of “Uncle Aaron” rang through the air. 
“Uurgh, you monsters,” growled Aaron in mock ferocity as he wrestled on the ground with the children, allowing them to climb over him and wrap their legs around his waist. Looking up, he met Keira’s glance with a grin that matched her own, before Cathryn’s words cut through the air, laden with horror and embarrassment at the antics of her offspring.
“Will! Bronwyn!” Cathryn scolded. “Look at what you’ve done – behaving like a pair of beasts in front of your new aunty. Get up now. And Aaron!” She swung a ferocious look at the man lying prone in the dust. “You should be equally ashamed, behaving like a lunatic.” 
Aaron pushed himself up onto his feet, ruffling the children’s hair as he did so, the grin never leaving his face as he reached over to Cathryn and pulled her into an embrace. 
“It is wonderful to see you again, Cathryn,” he said. “It didn’t seem quite like you until you started yelling at me.” 
Cathryn pulled away with a mock scowl which quickly turned into a laugh. 
“You really are a monster, Aaron,” she said. “I’m not sure what Keira saw in you, but it’s a good thing you acted so quickly, before she saw how truly dreadful you are.” 
“I know,” said Aaron, dropping his voice to a conspiratorial whisper. “A monster most terrible. She doesn’t know it yet, but I’m going to lock her in one of the turrets as soon as you all leave. That way, I can have my wicked way with her whenever I please.” He grinned at Keira as the heat rushed to her cheeks.
“Hmph,” was Cathryn’s response. “I suspect that you can have your wicked –” The rest of the sentence was lost when Favian quickly jumped into the conversation, dropping his arm over his cousin’s shoulder and pulling him slightly away.
“So Aaron,” Favian said, “who else can we expect to see over the course of the next few days?” 
“Will Uncle Aaron really lock Aunty in a turret, Mama?” asked the little girl, still standing with her brother a few feet away. Cathryn looked around in surprise as she realized her children were still in the vicinity, then waved them over. Aaron and Favian had wandered away, but Aaron threw a quick grin over his shoulder at the little girl’s question, winking at Keira before turning back to his cousin. 
Keira smiled to herself as she turned to examine the children in front of her. Bronwyn was a girl of around five or six with big brown eyes, her gaze solemn and intense. Brown pigtails hung down the sides of her face, bits of grass and twigs tangling in her hair after her romp on the ground. Her brother, older by a couple of years, stood beside her, his height and size suggesting that he would have the big build of his father.
“No, silly,” he responded, answering the question addressed to their mother. “Uncle Aaron is just teasing. He would never lock someone in the tower unless they had been really naughty.” He stopped and turned an appraising look on Keira. “Have you been naughty, Aunty?” 
Keira heard Cathryn gasp in horror, but Keira just burst out laughing.
“Are you Will?” she asked, smiling when he nodded. “Well, I’m very pleased to make your acquaintance, Will. I will make sure I try very hard to not be naughty. I really don’t want to be locked in the tower. What about you? Will you be good while you are visiting us?”
“Well,” responded the boy doubtfully, “I can try.” A small frown furrowed his forehead, before suddenly smoothing out as he grinned. “But Uncle Aaron won’t lock me in the tower, even if I am naughty. Isn’t that right, Mama?” he asked, turning to his mother. 
Cathryn looked at him sternly for a moment before her features dissolved into a laugh. “Well, you never know with your uncle,” she said. “Now make yourselves scarce while I talk with your new aunty.” 
Needing no further encouragement, the two children turned around and took off across the courtyard, chasing a frightened chicken before veering off towards the gardens. Cathryn watched them indulgently for a moment before turning back to Keira with a grin.
“They really are little monsters, but I do love them. Now, believe it or not, this is my first visit to Storbrook Castle, so I am most eager for a tour. You know, I have the strangest feeling we are going to be wonderful friends.” Pulling Keira’s arm through her own, she headed across the courtyard with sure, firm steps, as Keira smiled.
 
Storbrook Castle was a hive of activity over the next few days as more dragons and their mates continued to arrive. Most of the guests arrived late at night, gliding undetected through the dark night sky and flying through one of the large windows above the sheer rock face.
“We’re not going to have someone fly into our chambers in the middle of the night, are we?” Keira had asked Aaron worriedly when the first guests started arriving. 
“No, my sweet,” Aaron had answered with a chuckle, which he turned to a cough when he noticed Keira’s narrowed eyes. “Thomas has marked the different rooms so each guest knows where to go.”
The first people to arrive after Favian and Cathryn were Favian’s parents, Owain and Margaret. Aaron had already explained to Keira that Owain was one of the clan elders. Each clan had five elders, who worked together to advise the Master. As an elder and Aaron’s uncle, Owain would be performing the blood-binding ceremony.
As soon as he arrived, Owain clasped Aaron in his arms before turning his attention to Keira, giving her an appraising look.
“Your bride is quite a beauty, Aaron,” said Owain, “and must be quite an extraordinary women to have made you so happy.” 
“She is, indeed,” replied Aaron, reaching out to grasp her hand. He gave it a quick squeeze before dropping it again.
“Well, welcome to the family, niece,” said Owain with a huge grin, before startling her with an enveloping hug. From the corner of her eye she could see Aaron laughing, until he gently pulled her out of Owain’s arms. 
“Careful uncle, she hasn’t partaken of dragon blood yet.” 
“Oh, yes, of course,” Owain said.
Margaret had hung back during this exchange, but she came forward now, and grasped Keira’s hands in her own. 
“Don’t be concerned with my husband’s ways, my dear,” she said gently. “He can be a bit overwhelming, but he has a kind heart.” She tossed a smile over her shoulder at her husband, who scowled at her playfully, before she returned her attention to Keira. “You are a part of our family now, and I hope you will feel very welcome.”
There were other guests that Keira was most anxious to meet – the women dragons. Ayleth arrived the day after her parents, her human husband in tow. Unlike her brother Favian, she greeted Keira in a manner that was cool and polite. Cathryn, who was standing close by, rolled her eyes before flashing Keira a quick grimace. Keira smiled in return before returning her attention to Ayleth. Like her mother, she was a tall, willowy woman, with the same flaming coloring as her brother. Her long hair flowed loose down her back, and her skin glowed as though lit from within. A beautiful woman, thought Keira, but the flame within doesn’t seem to reach to her heart. 
In complete contrast to Ayleth were Aaron’s aunt Beatrix and her husband James. Beatrix was a warm, matronly woman, and she immediately encircled Keira in a fleshy embrace, pronouncing how wonderful it was that Aaron was finally settling down. She too had the inner glow that seemed to characterize all dragons, but her ease and familiarity drew Keira in, making her feel part of the family.
Guests continued to arrive over the next few nights. If the servants wondered why people arrived so silently under cover of darkness, Keira never heard any whisperings when she sat with them in the Great Hall for meals. She could only suppose that Thomas had concocted a story that presented at least a passable explanation for the strange nightly activity. Each morning, Aaron would enthusiastically introduce Keira to the latest arrivals, and it was clear from the warm welcome Aaron extended to each new guest that he was very fond of his clan members. In fact, there was only one guest who was met with less than an enthusiastic welcome. 
“Another guest arrived last night,” Aaron said one morning.
“Really? How surprising,” Keira replied, a little sarcastically. All these guests were getting rather exhausting. Aaron grinned at her for a moment before his expression turned serious. 
“The thing is, I was rather hoping this guest would stay away.”
“Oh? Why?” she asked. “Who is he?”
“His name’s Jack,” he said. “He’s a more distant relative, the son of my father’s cousin, and he’s rather the black sheep of the family. Or perhaps I should say black dragon. He runs wild, with no regard for others, either dragon or human.”
“Weren’t you like that for a while?” 
Aaron glanced at Keira for a moment before turning away and moving to the window. Leaning his shoulder against the wall, he gazed out at the mountains surrounding the castle.
“It’s a bit different. My behavior was fueled by anger and hurt – not that that makes it right, of course,” he added hurriedly. “But Jack is just cruel. He enjoys flouting the rules and takes perverse pleasure in hurting others. Regardless of whether he’s in the form of a man or a dragon, he just does what he wants.”
“Isn’t there anything you can do?”
“Of course I’ve tried,” he said wearily. “I can banish him, but that won’t keep him away. And when he returns, I will be forced to kill him.”
“Oh!” 
Aaron turned back to face her with a tired smile. “Exactly,” he said. “Oh! And the fact that he’s come to Storbrook just forces my hand. He’s left me with no other option.” 
Pushing herself from the bed, Keira padded over to where Aaron stood. She wrapped her arms around him, leaning against his chest as he folded his arms around her.
“You’re a good man, Aaron Drake,” she said. “I know that you feel responsible for each of your clan members, but it sounds to me like Jack has made his own choices, and he needs to accept the consequences of those choices. You are not answerable for his actions.” 
“You’re right, of course,” he responded. “But it doesn’t make it any easier.”
“You will do the right thing, Aaron,” she responded, pushing herself up on her toes to kiss him on the mouth. “Now, let’s get dressed so that I can meet this dreadful relative.”
Whatever Keira had expected when she met Jack in the hall later that morning, Aaron by her side, it wasn’t the handsome man who greeted her with a flourishing bow and a kiss on the hand, making Aaron scowl like a child. His coloring was dark – jet black hair pulled into a ribbon at the nape of his neck, and silver eyes that flashed when he smiled at her. His high cheekbones and fine features were almost feminine in their beauty, but his eyes were cold, making his smile seem cruel. 
“Cousin Keira,” he said softly, leaning towards her in an intimate gesture, his breath touching her face. “It is so wonderful to meet the woman who has tamed this particular dragon. I’ve heard that Aaron is quite smitten.”
“That’s enough, Jack,” Aaron said, his voice sounding harsh after Jack’s smooth murmur. Placing his arm around Keira’s shoulders, he pulled her close to his side.
“Now, now, Aaron,” responded Jack with an airy wave of his hand. “No need to show your claws. I was just being friendly.” 
Keira could feel the tension as Aaron tightened his grip, but his response was mild.
“Meals are served here in the hall, so I will see you there,” Aaron said. “In the meantime, I have other matters to attend to.” Keeping his arm around Keira’s shoulders, he drew away, dragging her along with him.
“I will be meeting with the elders in my cabinet this morning, my sweet,” he said as he marched Keira out of the room. “Don’t allow yourself to be alone with Jack – his intentions are not honorable.”
“I can look after myself,” she retorted. Aaron laughed as he pulled her into his arms.
“I know you can,” he said, “but I would rather you didn’t find yourself in a situation where you had to.” He lowered his mouth to hers and claimed her lips with his own, wrapping his arms tightly around her as he kissed her deeply.
“That’s so you don’t forget that you’re mine,” he said when he pulled away.
“How could I forget that?” 
“Well, I would hope you wouldn’t,” he replied, “but it still seemed prudent to remind you.”
“Hmm,” she said. “Well then, perhaps you should remind me once more – my memory does seem to be a little deficient of late.” He grinned in appreciation before lowering his head for another kiss.
Chapter 28 
It was a few hours later when Keira realized that Aaron’s concerns about Jack were well founded. Keira had retired to the Lady’s Bower, seeking a little privacy while she reviewed Cook’s menus for the coming days. Her little desk was placed near the window, the light spilling down on the parchment before her. Since her arrival at Storbrook, she and Cook had settled into a routine where Cook would tell her what she was planning, letting Keira make whatever changes she saw fit. Despite her grim exterior, Cook had proven herself to be Keira’s ally, and had helped to ease her into her new role as mistress of Storbrook. Keira knew that her appearance on the scene could have evoked some bitter feuds, so she was grateful for the support. 
She had just dipped the quill into the small bottle of ink on her desk, intent on making some minor changes, when she felt the soft brush of fingers on the nape of her neck. Her first thought was that Aaron had returned from his conference – when a soft voice sent that notion scattering. Jumping up from her seat, Keira spun around to face the intruder into her private quarters.
“Jack, what are you doing here?” she demanded angrily.
“Why, just looking for you, my dear cousin,” Jack said. “We are cousins now, you know, and I thought we could spend some time getting to know each other.” His smooth voice sent a sliver of fear racing through Keira, and she took a step backwards.
“You are not welcome in my private quarters.” Keira’s voice came out as a whisper, and she paused, forcing an edge into her tone. “Please leave at once!” 
Jack took a step towards her.
“Not exactly beautiful,” he said, “but there is something quite enchanting about you. I think it must be your eyes. They show a certain intellect quite unusual in humans. I can imagine a man could get quite taken in by such lovely eyes.” 
He leaned closer, his hand brushing her breast before snaking around her waist, pulling her hard against him as he lowered his lips to hers. Lifting his other hand, he grasped her behind the neck, preventing her retreat. For a moment Keira stood frozen in shock before her mind sprang into action. His chest was pressed up hard against hers, leaving no space between them that she could leverage to push him away, so she lifted a hand, and curling her fingers into claws, scoured them down his cheek, leaving three long, angry welts marring his smooth skin. 
He jumped back with a curse, grabbing her wrists in a steel hold. “Why, you –”
“Jack!” She and Jack spun around as the sound of Jack’s name cracked out sharply from the doorway. Pulling her hands free of Jack’s, Keira looked at Cathryn in relief as she entered the room.
“What exactly do you think you’re doing, Jack?” demanded Cathryn. 
“This has nothing to do with you,” hissed Jack through clenched jaws. 
“Perhaps not, Jack,” responded Cathryn, “but I believe Aaron will think it has something to do with him.” 
Jack stared at Cathryn for a moment, his face a mask of fury, before he shoved past her out the door. 
“Are you all right?” asked Cathryn, quickly crossing the floor to where Keira stood. Pulling the stool closer, she gently pushed Keira down onto the seat, pouring her a cup of wine from a jug on the desk. Keira took a few deep gulps before looking up at Cathryn.
“How long were you standing there?”
“Long enough,” Cathryn said. “I observed the whole incident.” 
Keira blinked in surprise. “You were there the whole time? Why didn’t you say anything sooner?” she said. “Or were you wondering whether I would welcome his attentions?” 
“Not at all,” Cathryn replied. “I knew that you would not, and since I witnessed the whole incident, no one else will wonder that either.”
Keira stared at Cathryn in confusion. “What are you saying?” 
“Keira, you are new to this family,” she said. “Not everyone here knows you. I would never believe that you would betray Aaron, and neither would Favian. In fact, nor would most of the people staying here. But Aaron is a powerful man, the leader of a great clan, and he has his enemies. There are those who would throw accusations at you just to hurt him. I knew that you would not allow Jack to take liberties with you, but I also knew that if I witnessed your refusal, many detractors would be silenced, unable to question your integrity.” Cathryn knelt down next to Keira, her voice earnest. “Do you understand?” 
Keira stared at her for a moment before turning away. “Yes, I suppose I do. Thank you.” 
“Keira, please believe me when I say that I would never doubt you. No one seeing you with Aaron could doubt the love you bear for him, or he for you.” 
Keira glanced back at Cathryn, a tremulous smile playing around her lips.
“I’m very glad you intervened when you did,” she said. “I’m not sure what I would have done if he had persisted.”
“You were managing just fine,” Cathryn said. “You put Jack firmly in his place. I’m not sure he has been so resoundingly rebuffed before. It will do him a world of good. But come, let’s go find that husband of yours and let him know what has transpired.”
“I’m not sure that’s necessary,” Keira said. “After all, nothing really happened.” 
“Nothing really happened?” she scoffed. “Jack tried to kiss you. Aaron is not only your husband, but also the clan Master. Jack answers to Aaron, and he needs to know what happened, and he needs to hear it from you. It won’t do for him to hear rumors whispered between the servants in the low hall. Now come, there’s nothing to fear.”
But Aaron was furious when he heard the news, his eyes blazing with flames that seemed barely contained. For a moment, Keira thought his anger was directed at her – that he thought she had somehow encouraged Jack’s advances – but when Aaron pulled her into his arms and murmured apologies into her ear, she realized that his anger was directed at one single source. Cathryn had interrupted the dragons as they met in the cabinet, insisting that Aaron come outside to hear the news, and she discreetly left the pair as Aaron held his wife close. Keira could feel the tension in his arms as he held her, the heat emanating from him rising in temperature with each passing second.
“Aaron, it’s all right,” she insisted. “Apart from his kissing me, nothing really happened.” 
Aaron was not satisfied. Pulling away from her, he turned around, allowing the flames roiling within him to pour from his mouth in a long, steady stream.
“A kiss is not nothing,” he said over his shoulder. “And given the chance, he would have made sure a lot more happened.” Aaron turned to face her. “He pressed his advances on you, my wife. He showed complete disregard for your wish to be left alone, and complete disrespect to me as his Master.” Aaron slammed his fist against the wall. “This is his final act of defiance. He will be made to leave Storbrook tonight, and will be banished from the clan.”
“No, Aaron, please don’t do this because of me,” she said. “He’s your clansman.” 
Aaron turned to look at her with incredulity. “Not banish him because of you? Of course I will banish him because of you. You are my wife, but more than that, you are my very life, and his treatment of you will absolutely not be tolerated. This is just one more in a long line of defiant acts, but mark my words, it will be the last.” 
Pushing himself past her, Aaron flung open the door of the small room where the other dragons still remained, and slammed the door closed behind him. Keira watched his retreat in astonishment before turning on her heel and marching away. 
Keira didn’t see Aaron again for the rest of the day, but she knew that word of Jack’s actions had spread through Storbrook. Whenever Keira walked into the hall, a hush fell over those assembled, their eyes darting to her before looking away again, glancing nervously at each other as they tried to find another topic of conversation. Most of the day had already dragged by when Keira made her way into the parlor in the late afternoon. She had spent part of the afternoon with Cook in the kitchen, going over some small changes to the menus for the coming week, but she had no further excuse for staying away from her guests. As she entered the room she smiled and nodded at the ladies gathered around the fire, before taking a seat near the window. She had just sat down when Margaret got up and came to sit with Keira, taking the young woman’s hands into her own.
“Don’t worry about the gossip, my dear,” she said, her tone rueful. “Everyone knows what Jack is capable of, and knows that he is completely to blame. It was fortunate that Cathryn was able to give testimony to what occurred – not that anyone would have suspected you of indecent behavior, of course.”
As soon as supper was done, Keira excused herself from the company, pleading a headache. She felt annoyed and peevish, longing for the ceremony to be over so she could have her new home and her husband to herself once again. Despite her irritation at Aaron’s response, she longed to feel his arms around her, holding her close, but since the arrival of their many visitors, many hours of the night would pass before Aaron made his way to their chambers.
The bed seemed vast and lonely as Keira pulled the quilts up around her chin, cocooning herself in the warmth as she slowly drifted off to sleep. She was already fast asleep when Aaron rolled into the bed, pulling her close against him. The action roused her enough to turn towards him, snuggling against his chest as she sought out his warmth. 
“Jack’s gone, my sweet. I’m sorry I took my anger out on you,” she thought she heard Aaron whisper through the fog of sleep that still clung to her. She felt his lips brush against her forehead before wandering down to her ear. “I love you, Keira.” The words washed over her and she smiled before once more passing into sleep’s oblivious embrace.
Chapter 29
Keira woke early in the morning shivering with cold. Pulling the quilts up around her, she opened her eyes, searching the room for Aaron. Even though a fire was blazing in the hearth, the cold air outside the huge windows sucked out all the warmth – something that Keira didn’t usually worry about when Aaron was close by. Aaron wasn’t in the room, though, and she curled her feet beneath her, trying to find a pocket of heat, until finally she gave up in frustration. Jumping out of the bed, she hurried over to the fire, wrapping her cloak around herself. The flagstones around the fire were warm, and she spread her toes, enjoying the heat as it spread through her feet. She wondered where Aaron could have gone so early in the morning, forgoing his usual habit of staying with her until she awoke. Curious, she pulled on a gown and pushed her feet into a pair of slippers before cautiously pushing open the huge wooden door that led to the wide passageway. Glancing up and down the corridor, she quietly stepped out, fearful of waking her houseguests. 
As she crept down the corridor, she heard the faint but unmistakable sounds of dragons growling. Hurrying down the stairs, she made her way to the low hall, the door of which led to the courtyard. As she approached the doors, the sounds from the courtyard grew louder, and she could tell there was more than one dragon out there. Keira paused for a moment, until she heard Aaron’s voice ringing out amongst the other growls and voices. Moving as stealthily as she could, Keira pushed the door open just enough to slip through, then quietly closed it behind her.  
The air outside was cold, the night sky paling as the dawn approached. The dragons hadn’t noticed her, and she crept along the wall until she stood behind a pillar. As curious as she was, she did not want to alert Aaron to her presence while he was here amongst the other dragons. There were five dragons assembled in the courtyard, their claws scratching the ground impatiently. Their colors ranged from orange to red to black, but Keira was watching the dragon that glowed gold, his armor rivaling the light of the sun on the brightest day. His wings, although folded against his back, glimmered in the early morning light, throwing a rainbow of colors against the surrounding walls. While the other dragons sat low against the ground, Aaron was pulled up to his full height, his attention focused on something beyond Keira’s line of sight. 
Peeking around the pillar, Keira saw Thomas emerge from the prisoners’ tower leading a group of five men, their hands bound with rope. As Thomas led the prisoners into the center of the courtyard, the dragons watched the men intently. Most of the men kept their eyes down as they walked, but one, a short, pudgy man with jet-black hair that covered both his head and face, was trembling visibly as he shuffled along behind the others, his eyes darting up to glance at the dragons before quickly looking away again. 
As they reached the center of the courtyard, Thomas turned to say something to the men in a low voice, and they turned around as the priest stepped out from the shadows and walked towards them. As he neared, each of the bound men dropped to the ground on his knees, and all of them lowered their gazes to look at the ground – except for the short, hairy man. His eyes darted wildly from one dragon to the next, while the sweat on his forehead collected into drops that rolled unheeded into his eyes. As the man gazed at the dragons, the priest moved among the men, his hands making the sign of the cross before each one, until he reached the hairy man. 
Stopping before him, the priest gestured towards the prisoners’ tower, speaking in a voice too low for Keira to hear. The man shook his head, and the priest nodded slowly before taking a step backwards and retreating into the shadows. A gesture from Thomas had the men rising up again, and they waited silently as Thomas moved among them, removing the ropes from each man’s hands and murmuring something to them. He, too, gestured towards the prisoners’ tower when he reached the hairy man, but again the man shook his head. 
Grasping the man by the shoulder, Thomas leaned closer, his face intent as he spoke earnestly. Whatever he said seemed to help, and Keira saw some of the tension leave the man’s shoulders. With one more word, Thomas stepped away, leaving the men alone in the midst of the dragons. Glancing around once more, Keira saw that the dragons were no longer on the ground, but had positioned themselves on the castle turrets and walls surrounding the large courtyard. 
Aaron was the highest up, perched on a tall turret. His eyes were intently focused on the men below, and despite the distance, Keira could see the shining gold of his eyes. As she watched, Aaron cocked his head, the gesture reminding her of an eagle watching his prey – and at that moment she realized what it was that she was witnessing. She gasped as Aaron lifted his head, a roar sounding from his mouth as flames rolled through the air around him. The sound was so savage, so wild, that Keira shivered in fear, and she watched in horror as Aaron launched himself off the turret, swooping down on the men below, his claws stretched out before him. His launch from the turret served as a signal to the other dragons, and they too launched themselves down on the men below, their roars and growls shredding the early morning calm. 
As Aaron hit the hairy man with the full force of his claws, Keira opened her mouth in a soundless scream as horror froze her in place. The man’s body fell limp in Aaron’s claws as he buried his talons into the man’s chest, ripping him open, before sinking his jaws into the lifeless form. Fire curled from his mouth, blackening the flesh in the moments before he sunk his sharp teeth into it. Light from Aaron’s eyes fell onto his victim as he lifted his head briefly, before once more burying his jaws in the bloody flesh. 
Keira had not moved, revulsion rooting her in place, when Aaron pulled his dripping jaws away from the body and looked up, his blazing eyes meeting hers. A tremor passed through the mighty beast, and he pulled back slightly in shock as Keira clasped a trembling hand over her mouth and stumbled backwards. She spun around as Aaron’s roar rang through the air, his hot, fiery breath chasing her as she tugged at the heavy wooden door that led to the low hall and threw herself inside. The sound of Aaron’s roar only made her move faster as she flew up the stairs, her footsteps pounding heavily against the stone as she raced down the corridor that led to their chamber. She yanked open the door, the bright light of Aaron’s transformation from dragon to human flooding the doorway her only warning that Aaron had anticipated her flight and beaten her to the room. He was already striding towards her as she pushed the door closed, his eyes blazing violently as his hands reached out to grab her.
“Don’t touch me!” Her words flew out without thought as Keira shrank back against the door. Aaron stopped, his expression turning wary. In his haste he had not clothed himself, and Keira looked away, not wanting to see him in the body that she loved. 
“Keira,” he said, his voice tight, “you know what I am. I am a dragon. I have never hidden that fact from you. And you know what dragons eat – what we have to eat in order to survive. I have never hidden that from you, either. I’m sorry if it disgusts you, but you knew from the start what it was you were marrying.” 
Aaron turned away in frustration, pacing over to the window before turning back to Keira, who still stood pressed against the door. She could feel his anger mounting as she continued to look away from him, her silence cutting him more sharply than a knife.
“Look at me,” he said, but when she ignored him, his voice grew cold. “Look at me, Keira!” he repeated, his tone brooking no refusal. Reluctantly Keira lifted her head and met his gaze.
“This is what I am, wife,” he growled. Keira watched in stunned silence as Aaron started to transform before her eyes, his hands stretching into claws, his body growing longer and heavier. She shrunk back, pressing herself against the unyielding surface of the solid, wooden door. His skin seemed to be stretching, thinning, turning translucent; and Keira gasped when she saw flames rippling under his skin, fire licking through his arms, legs, torso. Gold scales started to form across his body, a tail growing from his spine as he fell down onto his front claws, his feet already stretching into similar appendages. 
She started to turn away, unable to watch, but Aaron’s voice cut through her like a whip.
“Look at me!”
She turned back again, drawing in a deep breath as Aaron’s face started to elongate, his nose and mouth growing into jaws as his eyes moved to the sides of his head. His eyes were burning flames, the whites and pupils consumed by the blaze. The light within him was growing, as though seeking a way to get out, but Aaron held it at bay. Horns pushed through the top of his head as his neck started to stretch, reaching up until he towered over her. Along the length of his back, scales moved apart, revealing his wings as they slid out. Opening his mouth, Aaron breathed out a curling tongue of flame between rows of teeth that were as sharp as needles. 
“This is what you married, Keira,” he said, his voice hard and pitiless. He gazed at her for another moment before turning abruptly and launching himself out the window, his wings unfurling as a current of wind carried him away from the castle. 
 
Chapter 30 
As Aaron disappeared into the distance, Keira watched with tears streaming down her cheeks, then slumped down onto the ground, her body shivering uncontrollably. She buried her head in her hands and sobbed, heedless of the cold stone floor or the slowly ebbing fire in the grate. 
How long she lay there, she didn’t know, but when a knock sounded at the door, the tears were done, leaving in their place an emptiness that seemed to reach into her soul. The door pushed open, admitting Cathryn. In her hand was a cup, and she held it up by way of explanation. 
“I thought you could use a libation,” she said with a smile. A quick glance at the girl lying curled on the cold floor was enough to tell her the depth of Keira’s despair, and walking over to where the distraught girl lay, she sat herself down on the cold stone, waiting for Keira to sit up before handing her the cup. 
“Favian told me what happened this morning,” she finally said, her eyes watching Keira carefully. Keira shuddered slightly at the mention of what she had seen, but she remained silent, her fingers absentmindedly turning the cup in her hand.
“I remember the first time I saw Favian as he truly is – a dragon first and foremost,” said Cathryn. “I was absolutely appalled, and horrified that I had married such a beast. I refused to be anywhere near him for weeks after that. It took a long time for me to realize that the problem wasn’t with him, but with me. He was who he was, but I could not accept his dragon nature, even though I loved the man. But by not accepting the dragon, I almost lost the man.” Cathryn gave a wry smile as she continued. “We were both so totally miserable – I’m sure he regretted taking me to wife many times over. But slowly I started to understand that if I loved him as I told myself I did, I needed to accept him completely. I couldn’t just pick and choose the parts I liked, and reject the parts I didn’t. Love means accepting the good with the bad, and loving the person regardless. It took a long time for him to finally see that I did love him, all of him, and that he could trust me enough to be himself around me.” Cathryn stopped, her expression filled with regret as she watched Keira. “Keira,” she said, “don’t make the same mistake I did: Aaron loves you, but if you push him away, you will lose both the man and the dragon.” 
Keira was silent for a while, gazing into the cup as though she expected to find answers there. 
“It was so horrible,” she whispered. “Aaron just ripped that man apart. The blood was dripping everywhere, and he seemed to be enjoying it.” Keira’s voice dropped as she remembered the horror she had felt. 
Reaching over, Cathryn took Keira’s hand in hers, rubbing it gently when she felt how cold it was. 
“The man you know wouldn’t even exist if he didn’t do these dreadful things, Keira,” she said quietly. “When our men become dragons, they allow their beastly natures to rise to the fore, pushing aside any intellectual thinking. Do you think he could live with himself as a man if he condemned himself for his actions as a dragon? So yes, Aaron probably did enjoy his meal. But that doesn’t change the man. And in time,” Cathryn added, a little wryly, “you may actually start to enjoy watching the dragon being … a dragon!” 
Keira looked at her in shock, but despite the color rising in her cheeks, Cathryn met Keira’s gaze without flinching. 
“I will send someone up with some food, and to stoke up the fire,” she said, pushing herself up from the floor. 
“I’m sorry,” Keira said, her voice harsh from crying and raw emotion. “I’m not being a very good hostess. Here I am in my room, leaving my guests to fend for themselves.”
“No,” Cathryn said, waving her hand airily. “There is plenty of staff here to take care of our needs, so please don’t concern yourself. You need to rest before the ceremony tonight. And Keira,” she said, waiting for Keira to meet her gaze, “think about what I have said.” She smiled at Keira before quietly letting herself out of the room.
Keira watched as the door closed behind Cathryn, then pushed herself up from the floor and drew her cloak tighter. Walking across the room, she stood before the fire. Only coals remained, but the stone floor around the fireplace still retained some heat, and Keira uncurled her toes so that her feet could soak up the warmth. She was still standing there when, a few minutes later, another knock sounded, and the door was pushed open to reveal one of the serving maids, a tray of food in her hands. She dropped Keira a quick curtsey before putting the tray of food down on the table. She disappeared out the door, only to return seconds later with an armload of wood for the fire. 
Wandering over to the table, Keira picked at the food on the tray, considering what Cathryn had said. She knew her friend was right, that she needed to accept Aaron for what he was, but the question was, could she? She thought about the man she had married – how he held her and loved her. How secure she felt when he held her in his arms. The way her pulse raced when he was near, and the way her skin tingled when he touched her. And she could tell Aaron anything. He didn’t scoff at her crazy fantasies, and he listened to her hopes and dreams, sharing his own with her as they clung to each other after passionate lovemaking. She knew she had found a mate who would satisfy her all her days – how could she possibly risk losing that? But when she thought of what she’d seen that morning, revulsion made her stomach churn, and the bile rose in her throat. And her mind refused to reconcile the dragon she had seen with the man that she loved. 
The sun was already high in the sky when Keira finally pushed herself away from the fire and pulled on some fresh clothes. She ran a wet cloth over her face to wipe away the last traces of tears before letting herself out of the room. The corridor was quiet and she wondered where everyone was, but was thankful she didn’t need to face any judgmental – or worse, sympathetic – glances. 
Hurrying along the corridor, she took the stairs down to the ground level, letting herself out through a side door instead of risking the hall. Once outside, she glanced around, wondering where she could find Thomas. She had already been searching for a while when she headed over to the stables, where she found Thomas giving directions to a stable hand. He looked up at the sound of her approach, quickly masking the look of surprise that suffused his features.
“Milady,” he said with a bow. “How may I be of assistance?” 
Keira took a deep breath, pulling herself up to her full height, and looked him in the eye.
“Are there more prisoners in the tower, Thomas?” she asked him, her voice giving no hint of the turmoil she felt inside.
“Yes, milady.” His expression turned wary as he watched her.
“I would like to see them, Thomas,” she said. 
“Milady …” He paused, clearly uncomfortable. “I’m not sure that’s a good idea.”
“I would like to talk to them a little, Thomas,” she replied, tension making her voice sharp. “Surely there is no harm in that.” 
Thomas glanced away before lifting his gaze back to her and looking her squarely in the face. “Why?” 
“Because I want to understand why they have chosen to come to the dragon’s den,” she replied, meeting Thomas’s gaze. Thomas stared at her for a few moments before sighing in defeat.
“Very well, milady, but I insist on being present while you speak to the men.”
“I wouldn’t expect anything else,” she said, gesturing for him to lead the way.
The prisoners’ tower was in the far corner of the courtyard, the entrance facing the outer wall surrounding the castle. Crossing the courtyard behind Thomas, Keira shuddered at what she had seen that morning, but a quick glance showed that all evidence of that morning’s grisly activities was gone, even the flagstones scrubbed clean of any bloodstains. Thomas led her to the door of the tower, telling her curtly to wait there before disappearing into the gloom of the building. He returned a few minutes later and gestured for her to follow him as he climbed up a narrow flight of stairs, stopping outside a large wooden door. 
A guard sat on a small stool, and Thomas nodded at him to open the door. The first thing Keira noticed upon entering the room was how warm it was. She had expected cold, drafty quarters with few furnishings, but instead a fire roared in the corner of the room and rugs covered the stone floor. There was a bed against the wall, with a quilt heaped on the straw mattress. A man sat on it, holding a chunk of wood in one hand and a small knife in the other. He reminded Keira of the men from her village – a little unkempt, but with steady eyes and coarse, callused hands. A man who knew hard work.
“This is my lady Drake,” Thomas told the prisoner. The man’s eyebrows rose as he looked at her, before turning back to Thomas.
“The dragon’s wife?” he asked, his face incredulous when Thomas nodded. “But she’s human.” 
Thomas nodded again, and the man turned back to Keira, nodding his head in acknowledgment. “Milady.” 
Keira took a step closer. “What is your name?”
“Simon,” the man replied.
“You have been condemned to death?” 
“Yes.” 
“Why?” The man looked surprised, and glanced at Thomas before answering.
“I killed a copper,” he said. “I didn’t mean to, but he caught me stealing. The wife was ill, the littl’uns hungry.” The man raised his chin slightly as he continued. “It wasn’t the first time I had stolen, but the copper saw me, and afore I knew it, he was dead at me feet. I was caught before I had a chance to run, and they sentenced me to hang.” 
Keira nodded and cleared her throat before continuing. 
“You have chosen to be killed by the dragon instead of the hangman’s noose?”
“Yes.”
“Why?” 
Once again Simon glanced at Thomas, clearly surprised by the line of questioning. Thomas met his gaze, nodding for him to continue.
“Well,” Simon started, scratching his head as he considered his words. “Dead’s dead, you see. It doesn’t matter to me how I die, and Thomas here said that if I let the dragon kill me then the dragon would take care of the family. Feed and clothe them, I mean, maybe even find a place for them to live. If I faced the noose my family would be out on the streets – at least this way my death can bring some good.” 
“You know that the dragon will eat you?” she asked. The man laughed, a hard, dry rasp that lacked humor. “Of course. That’s what dragons do. I s’pose dragons need to eat as much as you or me. Thomas here says it won’t hurt much. ‘Over afore you know it,’ he says.” Keira felt Thomas’s gaze resting on her as Simon spoke, but she ignored him as she considered the prisoner.
“Are you well looked after here?” she finally asked.
The man shrugged. “I sleep on a bed instead of a stinking, rotten pallet, and have two meals a day. And I don’t have to share the chamber pot. What more could a condemned man want?”
Keira watched the man a moment longer.
“Thank you,” she said, turning to Thomas and nodding at him, indicating that she was finished. Thomas followed her out the room and waited for the guard to lock the door.
“Are you sure you want to see any more prisoners, milady?” asked Thomas. “The others are not so pleasant.” 
“Yes,” said Keira firmly. Thomas indicated to the guard to open the next door. 
“Stay close to me, milady,” he said in an urgent whisper as the door opened. Like the first room, it had a bed pushed against the wall, and a fire burning in the hearth. The room’s occupant was standing at the window, leaning against the wall as he gazed through the bars at the courtyard below. At the sound of the door opening he turned towards his visitors, looking Keira up and down in open perusal. 
“About time you brought me a woman,” he said. “This looks like a pretty filly. I’ll give her the ride of her life.” 
Thomas took a step forward, placing himself between the man and Keira as the man strode forward. He was of average height, with a paunch that strained against his stained tunic. His crown was balding, but long, greasy locks hung down the side of his face, while his leering grin showed a mouth of blackened and broken teeth. He smelled like he was in dire need of rudimentary hygiene, though Keira doubted it was due to an oversight by his jailors.
“Not another step closer,” Thomas said. “This is the Lady Drake.” 
A brief look of astonishment crossed the man’s face before a sly grin replaced it. “Don’t know how a dragon can satisfy a pretty thing like you,” he said, “but I would be happy to show you what happens between a man and woman.” 
Beside her, Keira heard Thomas growl, but she held up a hand to forestall his protests even as she swallowed her disgust.
“Why have you been condemned to die?” she asked.
The man’s face turned to an angry scowl. “Killed the wife. Stuck a knife through her heart, and watched her bleed out.”
“Why?” Keira whispered in horror.
“It was her own bloody fault,” he said. “The bitch wouldn’t stop nagging. A man needs his freedom, but she was always bitching and complaining. Get a job. Earn some money. Didn’t want me hanging with me mates, either.” The man’s face was twisted in an ugly snarl. “She wasn’t even much to look at, ’specially after the brats came along. Should have been grateful to have a man, but she complained she was too tired to service my needs. Had to force her to do her wifely duty.”
Keira took in a deep breath, steeling herself as she asked the next question. “Why are you letting the dragon kill you? Is it because of your children?”
“My children?” he said. “Gawd, as if I care what happens to them. Why should the brats have it any better than me? I jes’ figured I would live out my last days in comfort – wine, food, a bed. Though I reckon I was deceived ’bout the extent of the comforts. Haven’t had a woman to warm my bed since I got here.” 
The man cast a scowl at Thomas, who shrugged tightly as he turned to Keira. “Milady, are you ready to leave?” 
 “Yes.” Keira suppressed a shudder and turned to go, feeling very ready to leave.
“Milady,” the man said with a snigger, “I’ll be waiting whenever you’re ready for a real man to ride you.”
The door slammed on his final words, as Thomas gave her an apologetic look. Keira shuddered before giving him a sympathetic smile. “I know you didn’t want to bring me here, Thomas, and you are not responsible for that foul man’s words.” Thomas eyed her doubtfully as she continued. “Tell me, Thomas, what did happen to that man’s children?”
“Milord found a good home for them. They are young enough that they can still be trained.”
“Good.”
Keira was thoughtful as she walked back to the donjon, Thomas silent by her side. He left her as she slipped quietly through the side door once again and hurried back to her room. However much she was repulsed by a dragon’s diet, her interviews with the prisoners made her realize that Aaron was trying to find the most humane way to meet his own needs as well as the needs of his victims. As she considered this, it occurred to her that as much as Aaron was bound by his dragon nature, his human nature still dictated that he do so with as much compassion as possible. The realization made tears spring to her eyes as she remembered the condemnation she had felt towards Aaron in their room that morning. Her reaction had forced him to reveal himself to her in the most blatant way possible, forcing the truth of what he was onto her. Cathryn was right. She needed to accept Aaron for everything he was, and she was suddenly eager to do so. 
Hurrying into her room, Keira glanced out the window to see that it was already mid-afternoon. She had not seen any of their guests all day, with the exception of Cathryn, and she felt a pang of guilt before pushing it aside. Her guests seemed quite capable of entertaining themselves, especially since she was barely more than a stranger to them. The ceremony was scheduled to begin at midnight, which meant Keira still had quite a few hours before she needed to be ready. She could only hope that Aaron would come back before then.
 
Chapter 31 
Keira’s eyes fluttered open as the sound of Aaron returning penetrated her dreamless sleep. She had lain down on the bed as she waited for him, then quickly drifted off, the stress of the day making her tired. She jumped up, startling him as he eyed her warily, his enormous dragon body filling the room. 
“Aaron,” she said, suddenly unsure how to continue. Aaron remained still, his golden eyes watching her as she pushed herself off the bed and slowly moved towards him. His wings were closed on his back, his scales glinting in the late afternoon sun that shone through the window. Should she apologize? Tell him that she accepted him for what he was? The words seemed too trite. As she hesitated, another possibility occurred to her. 
A smile tugged at the corners of her lips as she moved forward to stand in front of Aaron. Reaching up to the neck of her gown, Keira slowly slipped the fabric over her shoulders, pushing down until the gown dropped to her waist and then onto the floor. Aaron watched her cautiously as she reached up again and loosened the ties of her chemise, slowly pushing it down her body until it joined the gown on the floor, leaving Keira naked in front of him. His gaze roamed over her, his eyes brightening as he took in her form, his body tense. Sparks flew from his nostrils as he watched her in silence. Keira took a step towards him, swaying her hips evocatively, before reaching her hand up to his chest, her hand stroking the thick, leathery skin.
“What are you doing, Keira?” Aaron asked, his voice strained, his gaze never leaving hers. 
“I love you, Aaron, no matter what you are,” she whispered. 
He pulled back, before bending his neck down and bringing his eyes level with hers. Lifting her hands, Keira ran them down the length of his jaws before gently pulling him closer and kissing him gently along the side of his mouth. A soft growl sounded in his throat as she ran her hands along the length of his snout, her fingers scraping along the hard, scaly skin. Lifting his head, Aaron breathed out a long stream of flame, curling tendrils of fire reaching the high ceiling. When he brought his head back to her level, she reached her hands up to the crest of his head, then pulled herself up on her toes and stretched her hands out to grasp the horns curling from his crown. They curved back over his skull, the surfaces hard and smooth and ending in sharp points. Wrapping her hands around them, she leaned her head back, feeling his breath wash over her. It stroked her skin in warm, sensuous waves, making her shudder. She closed her eyes a moment before a flash of light filled the air, and suddenly she was falling into Aaron’s human arms, his mouth dragging over her skin as he carried her to the bed, his wings still unfurled behind him. 
 “I love you, my beloved wife,” he murmured. His lips slid down her jaw before meeting hers, his tongue sending jolts of pleasure shooting through her as he pulled her closer, his arms wrapped tightly around her as his wings covered them both like a silky canopy.
It was much later when Keira lay curled up in his arms on the bed, their legs intertwined as her head rested on his chest. Aaron traced a pattern on her back as he held her close.
“Keira,” he started, before hesitating a moment. Keira lifted her head to look up at him, her gaze meeting his as his eyes continued to blaze brightly. “I never wanted you to see me like that,” he said savagely. “I’m so sorry.” 
Keira looked at him for a moment before pulling herself up and startling him with a fierce kiss. 
“Don’t ever apologize for what you are,” she rasped when she pulled away. “It is me who should be apologizing to you. I realized today that I cannot only love half of you. You are both dragon and man, and without the one, there is no other. I love you, Aaron Drake, every part of you – even the parts that terrify me. I don’t ever want to lose you, Aaron.”
The words were barely out of her mouth when Aaron pulled her back down, his mouth savage against her, his hands tangling into her hair at her neck. She moaned as he pulled her closer, his hand running over her back as he held her tight.
“You’ll never lose me,” he growled into her ear before pulling her mouth back to his, their mounting passion leading them to dizzying heights.
It was already dark by the time they floated back to earth, and Keira pushed herself reluctantly away from her husband. He grabbed her hand and pulled her back for one last kiss before finally letting her go.
“I need to get ready for the ceremony,” she said with a smile. “I don’t want to shame you in front of everyone.”
“Impossible,” he growled, his eyes sparkling. 
Keira bounced off the bed while Aaron lay back against the pillows, his arms behind his head. He watched appreciatively as she brushed her long hair, leaving it hanging loose down her back. Next she pulled on a scarlet gown, gold embroidery trimming the hem and sleeves. Keira spun around in a circle, holding her arms above her head, hair covering her face as she twirled.
“Will I do?” she enquired coyly.
“You know very well that you look beautiful,” growled Aaron. He pushed himself off the bed and stalked up to Keira, who continued to twirl around the room, giggling. Catching her from behind, he wrapped his arms across her chest and pulled her against him, nuzzling her neck. His warm breath tickled her as he caught her earlobe between his teeth and nipped her gently. She shivered as he reluctantly pulled away and turned her around to face him. Taking her hand, he turned it over, his gaze tracing the path his fingers made over the inside of her wrist. 
“Are you ready for tonight, my sweet?” he asked, lifting his eyes to meet hers.
“Yes,” she breathed. “I want to be yours completely.”
His smile was exultant as he pulled her towards him and kissed her hard on her lips, pushing her away again with a groan. 
“Come, we should go downstairs before I throw you back on the bed,” he said huskily. “Do you want to fly down with me or meet me in the hall?”
“I’ll come with you,” she replied.
“For the last time, turn around,” he said. “The next time I transform, you will be watching me in all my splendor.”
Keira harrumphed before allowing herself a grin as she turned her back to him, facing him again as soon as the light flashed through the room. Pulling herself onto his tail, he lifted her onto his back before launching himself out the window. Only a few moments had passed when he flew through the large window into the Great Hall, their guests already assembled and waiting. Thomas was the only servant in the room, his knowledge of Aaron’s secret allowing him entry into the ceremony. Aaron had explained to Keira exactly what to expect, so she was not surprised that Aaron was the only one in the hall in dragon form.
“Just till after the ceremony,” he promised. 
Aaron glided over to the dais, landing gracefully on the raised platform as Keira slid down his back and landed on her feet with a thump. As Aaron turned to face the crowd, the members of his clan dropped down onto one knee, both men and women, each one beating their right arm over their heart as they acknowledged Aaron as their Master. Lifting his head, Aaron let out a roar that poured out with a steady stream of flame, the other clan members roaring in response, flames rising through the air before dissipating. Over the lowered heads, Keira caught Cathryn’s smile and she smiled in return. 
As the clan rose back to their feet, Owain stepped out from the crowd and pushing his way to the front, stepped up onto the raised dais. In his hand he held a large gold goblet, the outside of the cup studded with gems that sparkled in the light of the rush torches that had been lit around the hall. Keira suppressed a shudder when she realized what would soon be in that cup, watching Owain as he lifted the cup above his head and waited for the murmuring in the room to die down. The dragon elder was dressed in a long, white robe, embroidered gold flames twisting their way up the garment. Despite his years – Aaron had already told Keira that Owain was nearly three hundred years of age – his presence was commanding, and in a few moments, all attention was focused on the elder. 
“As dragons and mates,” he said, his deep voice resounding around the room, “we have assembled to witness the formal binding of Aaron Drake to his chosen wife and lifelong mate, the Lady Keira.” He turned to face Aaron, inclining his head to indicate that he should proceed. 
Aaron stared at Keira for a long moment before taking a step towards her. She lifted her hand, palm up, and stretched it out to him, her eyes holding his. He watched her for another moment before looking down at her outstretched hand and gently taking it in his claw. Placing a sharp talon against her wrist, he scored the soft skin deep enough to draw blood, keeping his grip tight when she flinched. Owain stepped forward as the blood welled up, positioning the goblet to catch the blood as it spilled out. Aaron kept his hold on Keira’s hand, his eyes meeting hers once more as the blood poured from her wrist. The flow was slowing when Owain moved the quarter-full cup away, placing a wad of fabric over the wound. 
Aaron dropped Keira’s hand, and she clamped her other hand over the bandage, pressing it to staunch the flow. Owain turned back to the crowd and once again lifted the cup for all to see. 
“The blood of this woman, freely given,” he stated, turning back to Aaron once again and giving him the goblet. Aaron took it between his claws, his eyes still on Keira, and blew on the crimson liquid, his breath hot but not fiery. Then he lifted his head and poured the steaming liquid down his throat. He dropped his head and gave the goblet to Owain, his eyes blazing brightly as he returned his gaze to Keira. Even when he was in the form of a dragon, Keira could feel the waves of his desire curling around her, and she suppressed a shiver. 
“Keira Drake, I choose you to be my lifelong mate,” he said. “As your blood runs through my veins, we are bound together until we are parted by death.”
A movement out the corner of her eye made Keira look at Owain once more. He had taken a step towards her, a short silver dagger lying in his outstretched hand. Keira looked at it cautiously before carefully taking it from his hand. Taking a step back, Owain clasped his hands behind his back and waited for Keira to complete her part of the ceremony. 
Turning towards Aaron, Keira gazed at him for a moment, summoning her strength. The blade was shaking in her hand, and Keira clenched her fingers around the hilt as she slowly took a step towards her husband. The room was silent as the dragons and their mates waited for Keira to draw Aaron’s blood. Reading the hesitation in her eyes, Aaron reached out his claw and folded it around her hand, gently tugging her closer until she stood just a few inches away, her eyes level with the thick, leathery skin of his underbelly. He bent his head down towards her, and she felt his warm breath as she lifted her hand, tightening her grip around the dagger until her knuckles were white. Placing the blade against the skin near his heart, she looked up and met his bright gaze. He nodded at her and she pushed the blade against his skin, waiting for it to break, but the tough hide refused to give way. 
“Harder,” whispered Aaron. “You can’t hurt me, so use some force.” 
Nodding, Keira pulled back her hand and plunged it against his tough hide with all the strength she could muster, burying the blade up to the hilt in Aaron’s chest. Aaron shuddered beneath her hand, and she pulled back, horrified at what she had just done; but his claw was immediately over her hand, holding the blade in place. 
“Pull down, my sweet,” rasped Aaron, dragging down on the handle as he did so, causing his skin to burst open as the blade left a trail of blood running down his chest. Owain thrust the goblet at Keira and she hurriedly pressed the cup against Aaron’s skin, trapping the blood in the golden chalice as it continued to spill out. Still Aaron forced the blade downwards, not allowing Keira to release the pressure on the blade until the wound was almost a foot in length. When he finally dropped his claw she pulled the blade out, causing him to shudder once more; but even as she watched, she could see the blood slowing to a stop and the wound starting to knit together. The goblet was full to the brim with the crimson liquid, and she carefully handed it over to Owain. 
Turning to face the crowd, Owain held up the goblet for a third time. “The blood of this dragon, freely given,” he said. Keeping his hands aloft, he turned to Aaron and held the cup up to him as Keira watched. As before, Aaron blew on the liquid, but this time flame curled from his mouth, igniting the blood. The liquid burned for only a few seconds before the flame died away, and Owain turned to Keira, holding the goblet out to her. 
With trembling hands Keira took the chalice from Owain, and turned back to Aaron. The light in his eyes gave her the strength she needed to calm her nerves, and bringing the goblet to her lips, she tipped her head back and drained the warm liquid. It didn’t taste like the blood she had tasted on her own wrist so many weeks before, but instead the flavor was like that of a heady liquor, sweet and potent at the same time. The heat curled around her as it hit her stomach, and she could feel the liquid spreading through her veins, reaching to her hands and her feet. She willed every drop from the cup into her mouth before finally dropping her hands and staring at Aaron. 
Her voice was strong as she repeated the vow. “Aaron Drake, I choose you to be my lifelong mate. As your blood runs through my veins, we are bound together until we are parted by death.”
The words were barely out of her mouth when the room blazed with light. It took only a moment for Aaron to change his form, but Keira noticed with surprise that she could see the light expanding from within him, exploding from his every pore, before falling back in on itself, pulling Aaron’s shape from that of a dragon into that of a man. In a flash Owain swung his cloak off his shoulders and onto Aaron’s, covering his bare form. If Aaron noticed this gesture, he completely ignored it as he stepped towards Keira and took her in his arms. He dropped his lips to hers, his kiss savage and jubilant. 
“You have given my life new meaning, my sweet,” he whispered in her ear as he pulled away. “My cup runneth over.”
“I love you, Aaron,” Keira whispered back, her eyes shining as she gazed at him. She curled her hands up around his neck, pulling him down to her lips once more, ignoring the titters that ran through the crowd. It was not possible for Aaron to look any more exultant when he finally turned towards the guests, his arm around Keira’s waist. 
“Clan Drake, my wife!” he exclaimed as the crowd broke into shouts and applause.
Aaron pulled Keira off the dais and wove his way through the crowd, responding to the slaps and yells of his family and friends with good humor. The doors opened and servants brought trays laden with roasted game, fowl, sweet meats, wine and ale, which they offered around as they moved through the hall. Aaron tightened his grip on Keira and led her to the far side of the room, whispering into her ear when he reached the door leading to the corridor. 
“I’m going to our chambers to clothe myself,” he said. “Will you come with me?” 
The smile on Keira’s face gave him his answer, and he pulled her hurriedly through the door, dragging her up the steps as she laughingly followed. He had made it to the top of the grand staircase when he whirled around, pinning her against the wall, his mouth claiming hers as she responded with just as much eagerness. He pulled away with a groan before swinging her into his arms and rushing down the corridor to their room. He pushed the door open with his hand, then kicked it closed with his foot, his hands already tangled in her hair as he kissed her again. She pushed Owain’s cloak aside and ran her hands over Aaron’s bare flesh, her breath coming in short gasps as she felt his heat searing into her. Impatient, he pulled her skirts up before carrying her over to the bed. The climax came hard and quick, and they collapsed in a tangle of sheets and skirts minutes later. Turning to face her, Aaron ran his hands lightly over her face. 
“You are a part of me now, as I am a part of you,” he said. “Nothing can ever separate us.” 
Keira smiled before responding, her voice filled with awe. “I could see you, Aaron,” she said. “When you changed. It was as though you were exploding with light.”
“That’s because you drank my blood,” he said. “My blood protects you from the light, making you stronger, and your senses clearer. And look at your arm – the wound I gave you is already healing.”
Keira glanced down at her arm to see that the cut had already closed, a slash of pink skin the only evidence. Her mouth dropped open in shock as Aaron smiled in amusement. 
“But, this morning I was able to see you transform,” she exclaimed.
“I’m so sorry about this morning, my sweet. I was angry, and feeling quite entitled to act as a beast.” His expression was rueful as he continued. “I wanted to force every dark, ugly aspect of myself onto you. Only a Master can control the transformation like that, commanding each aspect of the change, keeping the light trapped. But I won’t do that to you again.”
“You should have told me how good your blood tasted,” she teased. “I think I will want to taste you every day.” 
Aaron rolled over onto her, resting his weight on his elbows, a leer on his face.
“You have my permission to drain me dry, my sweet,” he said, his voice heavy with innuendo, before once more claiming her lips as his hands explored her body with a thoroughness that left her gasping.
Twenty minutes later saw them both downstairs once more, mingling with their guests. If her hair looked a little disheveled, or his cloak was a little askew, no one commented. Keira saw Cathryn on the other side of the room, and leaving Aaron’s side, she headed over to her friend.
“Thank you,” she said with a smile. “You were so right about everything.” 
Cathryn gave her a wide smile before pulling her into a tight embrace. 
“Aaron is fortunate to have found you,” she said. “I can see that you will both bring each other much happiness.”
Keira turned to look at Aaron across the room, laughing with Favian and some other dragons as they slapped him across the back. She couldn’t stop smiling as she turned back to Cathryn.
“I think I’m the fortunate one,” she said. “To have a man to love and respect, and who loves and respects me, is the desire of every woman, but only a few get to see that wish fulfilled. I not only have my dearest wish, but I get to have many more years with my husband than even a child of destiny could ever hope for. So believe me when I say, I am truly blessed.” Linking her arm through Cathryn’s, she glanced around the room. “Let’s find something to eat,” she said. “I’m starving.” 

Chapter 32 
The next morning they lay in bed, Aaron’s arms wrapped around Keira as she savored his warmth. 
“Aaron,” Keira said, “should I be scared of you?” 
Aaron pulled back in surprise, his eyebrows going up at her question.
“Scared of me? Why would you be scared of me?”
“Well ...” Keira said. She hesitated for a moment, wondering what imp had possessed her to bring this up.
“Yes?” prompted Aaron when she didn’t continue.
“Cathryn said you give yourself over to your animal instincts when you feed,” said Keira slowly. “Should I be worried if I come upon you when you are feeding?” 
“Ah!” Turning away from her, Aaron rolled onto his back, his eyes gazing up at the ceiling as he folded his hands behind his head. 
“I heard you went to visit some of the prisoners yesterday,” Aaron surprised her by saying.
“Yes. Are you angry?”
“No, I’m not angry,” he said. “I’m glad you wanted to find out more, though I would prefer you not to make a habit of it. It would not go well for anyone if you grew attached to any of the prisoners.”
“I understand.”
“Keira, if there is one thing I could change about myself, it would be my need to eat human flesh in order to survive. I hate the fact that my survival is dependent on people dying, and if I could change this aspect of my nature, I would do it in a heartbeat.” Aaron closed his eyes for a moment before turning his head to look at her. “But this is what I am, and I refuse to hate myself for being what I am. There have been those who drove themselves mad, denying who and what they are, destroying themselves in the process. Jack’s father was one of those, but I will not do that.” 
“Jack’s father?” she asked in astonishment.
“Jack’s father died just a few years before mine,” he said. “But unlike my father, who was killed at the hands of others, Jack’s father died because he refused to accept who, or what, he was. He went mad before he died, unwilling to feed and eventually too weak to even get out of bed. But God said that his creations are good, and I choose to believe that this includes dragons, and that I too am fearfully and wonderfully made.” He gave her a brief smile before continuing.
“Cathryn is right when she says that we give ourselves over to our animal instincts,” he said. “I have to give myself over to the beast – it would be impossible for me to kill my prey thinking as a human – that alone would drive me crazy. And I cannot consider my actions in the light of human emotion, either.” Aaron gently stroked her cheek before continuing. “But Keira, I never lose myself. I am always fully aware of who I am, where I am, and who it is that I love. When I kill my prey, I know what it is I am doing, and I try to make it as quick and painless as possible. So could I ever hurt you, even when I’m like that? The answer is no, never. It would be like destroying a part of myself if I were to hurt you.”
“What if I was the last person left on the earth?” Keira asked, the teasing note in her voice deflecting the strain of the question. 
Aaron grimaced. “Absolutely not. I would rather die than hurt you.”
“And would you die? I mean, what would happen if you didn’t eat ... well, you know.” 
“Humans?” he said. “Yes, I would eventually die, but I would probably go crazy first, like Jack’s father. We need the sustenance of human flesh to survive, and although many of us have trained ourselves to go for longer and longer periods without it, we still need to feed that part of ourselves eventually. Without it I would weaken to the point of sickness, and then death.”
“So how long can you go without it?”
“It depends,” he said. “Usually a few months, but more frequently if I’m expending more energy. Yesterday was the first time I had fed on human flesh since before I met you.” 
Keira considered this for a moment.
 “Aaron?” she said, then hesitated.
“Hmm?”
“Do you enjoy it?”
“Enjoy it? What do you mean?”
“I mean ... never mind.” 
Aaron stared at her for a moment, observing the blush that was creeping into her cheeks.
“Are you asking me if I enjoy my meals?” he asked incredulously, laughing when Keira remained silent. “Oh, Keira,” he groaned, before turning on his side to face her. “When the body needs nourishment, even the most unappetizing meal is as welcome as a cup of cold water in the middle of a burning desert. My body begins to crave what it needs, and is satisfied when it receives it. There, does that answer your question?” 
She nodded her head, but refused to meet his gaze. He watched her for a moment before pulling her into his arms. Placing his hand under her chin, he forced her head up until her eyes met his. “Keira, my sweet, I may not always like your questions, but you should never be shy with me,” he said. “I love you, and I will always answer your questions as honestly and openly as I possibly can. You have taken a beast into your arms, into your bed and into your heart, and you are entitled to know who it is you have married.” 
Keira smiled shyly as Aaron pulled her mouth towards his, savoring the feel of her.
“I love you too,” she whispered back. 
They lay there for a few more minutes before Aaron suddenly pushed her away, springing out of the bed and striding over to the window.
“Look how beautiful the mountains are in the early morning light,” he said. “I haven’t taken you anywhere since our guests started arriving, so come, let’s take a quick flight.”
“But aren’t the other dragons expecting you to join them?” she asked in surprise. Aaron shrugged.
“They’ve had plenty of my attention over the last week. They can manage without me for a few hours. Now come along, lazy bones.” Striding over to the bed, he grabbed her hands and yanked her up, spilling the quilts onto the floor. “Get yourself dressed, and hurry. I’m getting impatient.”
Keira laughed. “Patience is clearly a virtue you need to learn. Perhaps I’ll send for a bath before I get dressed.” 
But when Aaron sprang at her, growling, Keira held up her hands in surrender. “I’m going, I’m going. Wouldn’t want to rile the beast – who knows what could happen.” She skipped away from his reaching hand, laughing as she went into the antechamber to don a gown.
Anyone scaling the sheer rock face minutes later might have looked up to see a fearful dragon soaring out of the castle window, his golden armor gleaming in the light of the sun which was rising over the mountains. If they had squinted against the light, they may have seen a figure riding the dragon’s back without any fear of the beast, thick brown hair streaming out behind her as she leaned forward, gently stroking the thick neck of the monster. They might have noticed the dragon turning his head back to gaze at the lady, astonished at the gentleness in the dragon’s gaze, before the creature straightened himself out and headed towards the ever-brightening horizon. But there were no such climbers, and the moment passed without anyone spying on the beast and his wife.

 Chapter 33 
Favian and Cathryn were the last of the guests to leave Storbrook Castle, one week later. They were traveling by carriage, a fact that surprised Keira since all the other dragons had flown to Storbrook, carrying their mates on their backs. She had asked Aaron about it the night before Favian and Cathryn’s departure.
“It is because of the children,” explained Aaron. “Until they are teenagers, dragon children more closely resemble humans than dragons. The transformations only start when they reach puberty. The children grow weary traveling over long distances, so Favian prefers for them to travel by coach instead of on his back where they could fall. He will probably fly a lot of the way, but will stay close to the carriage to ensure his family’s safety.”
“I pity any highwayman that holds up that carriage,” said Keira with a laugh.
The carriage had been loaded up, and the coachman waited in the early morning light for his passengers to enter the vehicle. 
“Promise me that you will visit as soon as you can,” Cathryn pleaded, holding Keira’s hands in her own as they made their farewells. It was still early morning, but the courtyard was already bustling with people going about their daily tasks. 
“Of course we will,” Keira assured her new friend. She bent down to gather Bronwyn in a hug before solemnly shaking hands with Will. 
“Are there any towers at your home that I should be concerned about?” Keira asked him.
“Oh, no! We don’t live in a castle like Storbrook,” he assured her, “so you will be quite safe there.” 
Keira swallowed a laugh and nodded gravely. “Then we will come and visit you soon, if that’s acceptable to you.” 
Will nodded his head as Bronwyn gave him a shove.
“Of course Aunty can come and visit us any time she wants,” she said. “I will even let her stay with me in my room.” 
Keira stood up with a laugh as Cathryn hustled the children towards the carriage and climbed in after them.
Coming over to her, Favian stooped to give Keira a quick kiss on the cheek.
“Take care of yourself, cousin,” he said with a grin, “and keep an eye on that husband of yours – he can be quite a dragon if you’re not careful.” Chortling at his own joke, he climbed into the carriage, banging the door behind him as the carriage lurched away. 
Aaron put his arm around Keira and pulled her closer, whispering into her hair. “We have our privacy back, my sweet, so what would you like to do?” 
Twisting in his arms, Keira looked up at him with a grin. “I think we should go into the village.”
“The village?” His voice sounded surprised. “Haven’t you spent enough time with other people over the last two weeks?”
“Yes, but they were your people,” she said. “Now I want to see my people.”
“Now who is it that you really want to see?” he teased. “Anna and your parents or is it Edmund that you’re pining for?” 
“Definitely Edmund!” She laughed at Aaron’s grimace before turning serious. “I want to check that Anna is all right and that Edmund hasn’t turned his attentions to her.”
“If you want to see your family, then that’s what we’ll do.” 
It was a few hours later when Keira walked up to her old home, Aaron by her side. Anna was outside, elbow-deep in a tub of soapy water as she scrubbed dirty laundry. She smiled when she saw her sister and brother-in-law approaching, abandoning her task and running over to give Keira a sloppy embrace.
“Why, Anna,” teased Aaron with a grin, “one would think you actually missed your sister.” 
Anna rolled her eyes before taking Keira by the hand and tugging her towards the door. “Come,” she said. “Mother and Father will be pleased to see you.” 
Keira smiled, until the smile froze on her face and she pulled to a stop. “Anna,” she whispered. “What happened to you?” A dark bruise spread over Anna’s cheek, and the clear marks of a tight finger grip stained her arm.
“It’s nothing,” replied Anna, turning away, but Aaron caught her by the arm.
“Who did this to you, Anna?” he asked, a frown creasing his forehead. He drew a step closer when she didn’t respond. “Was it Edmund?” 
Anna stared at him a moment before dropping her head and nodding slightly.
“He was waiting for me, just inside the alley near the church,” she said. “I managed to get away, but not before inflicting some damage of my own.” She lifted her head and looked at Keira with a ghost of a smile. “He has some new scars to match the ones given to him by a certain dragon.” 
Keira smiled wryly. “Good for you. But why didn’t you want to tell me?” 
Anna threw a quick glance at Aaron, her chin lifting slightly as she did so, before replying. “I didn’t want you to think I was looking for sympathy so that I could come to Storbrook sooner.”
“But of course you must come with us. Isn’t that so, Aaron?” demanded Keira, turning to look at her husband. He met her look with a nod before turning back to Anna.
“Of course,” he said. “You can come back with us now if you like, and I will send Thomas to collect your things. But first we need to speak to your mother.”
No sooner had the words left his mouth than the person in question emerged from the house, wiping her hands on an apron that covered her kirtle.
“Keira!” Mother said. “Milord Drake! You are back. We were wondering if we would ever see you again.”
“Madam Carver. How lovely to see you,” responded Aaron with a grin. “But come, we are family now, so you must call me Aaron. And how should I address you? Jenny? Mother?” 
Keira hid a grin as her mother sputtered before her, before feeling a flash of shame at the amusement she derived at her mother’s expense. Taking Mother by the arm, she led her towards the house, throwing a look of reprimand over her shoulder at Aaron. Far from looking remorseful, he grinned back and winked, before turning to Anna and offering his arm. 
It took Anna and Keira some time to convince Mother that it was in Anna’s best interests to be allowed to return with Aaron and Keira. Father had arrived from his workshop shortly after Mother served refreshments, but it wasn’t until Aaron started adding his weight to the argument that Father joined the conversation.
“Jenny,” he said gently, “we both know this would be better for our daughter. Let her go with your blessing.”
“You want me to lose both my daughters within the space of a few weeks?” she said. “What kind of a husband are you?” 
Father moved over to his wife and knelt before her, gently taking her hands in his own. 
“Jenny, we have endured many losses over the years, but we are not losing our daughters. We always knew the time would come when they would leave us, and there were never any guarantees that they would stay in our little village.” He looked down for a moment before capturing her gaze once more. “We cannot place Anna’s safety over our own desires to keep her close – and from all we are hearing, Edmund is not the young man we thought him to be.” 
Mother stared at her husband for a long moment, their shared gaze weighted with their years of marriage. Finally she broke their silent communication, her shoulders slumping.
“Very well, Anna,” she said. “If you feel that it would be better for you to be with your sister and her husband than here with us, then go.” 
Anna smiled, not responding to the bitter barb buried in the words, and turned to Aaron. “When do we leave?”
To Anna’s dismay, Keira and Aaron tarried for another hour before finally taking their leave of her parents. Grabbing a small satchel in which she had stowed a few personal items, Anna slung it over her shoulder as they headed out the door and into the sunshine. 
“Where are your horses?” Father asked, looking around in perturbation.
“Keira wanted to walk through the village,” answered Aaron smoothly, casting a quick glance at his wife, “so we left them tethered near the church.”
“She did?” replied Father. “Well then, I will walk with you. I have some business with the reeve.” 
Keira cast a frantic glance at Aaron, but he smiled nonchalantly, giving her hand a quick squeeze. “Of course,” he replied.
They walked in silence, Keira’s heart pounding as she wondered how they would either get rid of her father or explain to him when there were no horses waiting for them. Anna was walking next to Father, and judging by her serene gait, Keira guessed it hadn’t occurred to Anna that they were not traveling by horse. Keira sighed, and Aaron squeezed her hand again, but when the tension remained he bent down with a sigh of his own, his lips brushing her hair as he whispered in her ear. “Stop fretting, my sweet. There’s no need for concern.” 
Turning to look at him, Keira raised her eyebrows questioningly and Aaron bent down once more, his warm breath tickling her ear and sending shivers down her spine.
“Didn’t you say you wanted to stop at the milliner?” he said, pulling back with a smile. 
Keira smiled back in dawning comprehension. She hadn’t planned on stopping at any of the village shops, but her father didn’t know that, and Keira knew that he would rather be bound by the feet and pulled through a field by a racing horse than spend any time waiting for his daughters at the milliner. She was about to tell Aaron this, when her father turned back to them, slowing down until he walked abreast of Aaron. 
“I trust you to look after my daughters with your life, Milord Drake,” he said, his gaze heavy on Aaron’s face. 
“I have already bound myself to Keira, offering her the protection of my life, my household and my extended family,” Aaron replied solemnly, “and I will extend that same protection to Anna as long as she remains in my household.” 
Keira’s father stared at Aaron, weighing up the words, before nodding slowly. 
“You will also protect them from the passion of the dragon?” Father said. 
There was nothing in Aaron’s expression to indicate that he felt any surprise at the question, but Keira felt his hand tightening over hers.
“I swear by my life that the dragon will never harm your daughters,” Aaron promised.
“You can give such a pledge?” asked Father, although his voice sounded unsurprised. Aaron stared at the man before him for a long minute, his expression thoughtful, as Father returned the gaze unblinkingly.
“Yes, I can,” Aaron finally responded, his eyes never leaving Father’s face. Father considered the words for a moment before nodding.
“Very well,” Father said. “I will hold you responsible if ever the dragon so much as singes a hair on either daughter’s head.” 
Aaron nodded, his face tight, before turning away, his grip on Keira’s hand rigid. She could feel waves of heat rolling off him, and she reached her other hand over to stroke his arm, smiling at him when he turned to look at her. 
“I love you,” she whispered. His shoulders were stiff with tension, but they relaxed slightly as she caressed his arm. 
“And I you, my sweet,” he returned with a smile.

Chapter 34 
Keira sat at the table in her Lady’s Bower, tip of the quill hovering forgotten over a sheet of blank parchment as her mind flew over the past week since Anna had come to live with them. She had been given one of the guest bedchambers on the floor below, allowing Aaron and Keira to retain their privacy. Keira smiled as she recalled Anna’s shock at their mode of transportation back to Storbrook. They had said their farewells to Father outside the milliners, Anna looking at them in surprise, unaware of the subterfuge, but as Aaron led them into a clearing away from the village, Keira had explained to Anna how they would be traveling back to the castle. 
“You’re going to fly us there?” she had asked, her voice rising to a shriek as she stared at Aaron. He wore a definite smirk as he nodded at his sister-in-law.
“Yes,” he said. “But don’t get used to it! I am making an exception this time, since Keira’s usually the only one I choose to have on my back. I hope you’re not afraid of heights.” 
Anna had gasped when the light of Aaron’s transformation filled the air, even though it was at her back; and when she turned to face Aaron, she stumbled back in fear before catching her sister’s amused glance. 
They had made it back to the castle before dark, but Anna trembled the entire way – although Keira wasn’t sure whether Anna was scared of the beast itself, or of falling off the beast’s back. But once they had arrived, Anna relaxed, her ease in Aaron’s presence returning when he reverted to his human form. She was intrigued by the castle, investigating the nooks and crannies before declaring that the castle was quite “adequate.”
Later that night, wrapped in his arms, Keira had asked Aaron about her father.
“Do you think he knows what you are?” she asked.
“I think he was guessing at first, but my response gave him the confirmation he was seeking.”
“Then why did you say it?” she said. “Aren’t you concerned that he will tell others?”
“No,” responded Aaron slowly as he gazed at the ceiling. “I don’t think I have anything to fear from him. I think he’s just concerned about you, and as your father, that concern is perfectly reasonable.” Rolling onto his side, Aaron pulled his wife closer, sliding his hands through her hair and letting it spill over her shoulder as his fingers trailed down her back. “It’s a good thing his concern only extends to the dragon,” he whispered, “as he could never protect you from the passion of the man.” If Keira had planned to respond, her thoughts were scattered as his lips covered hers, his tongue passionately intertwining with hers.
Keira smiled at the memory, a blush rising to her cheeks as she remembered the warmth of his embrace as he invaded her depths when one thing had led to another, but the sound of someone clearing their throat in the doorway chased the thoughts away. 
“Your mother is in the Great Hall, Milady,” Thomas announced. Keira looked up in surprise.
“My mother?” she said. “Are you sure?” He nodded, and she rose. “Very well. Please take her to the solar and then inform my husband that we have company.”
Keira was standing near the window when Mother was ushered into the solar, and she stepped forward to greet her. Her simple kirtle was splashed with mud, and her hair fell in strands around her face. 
“Mother, what’s wrong?” She rushed over and grabbed her hands. “What’s happened? Is it Father?” 
Mother shook her head. Aaron strode into the room, taking in the woman’s disheveled appearance and Keira’s concerned expression in one glance. Striding over, he took Mother by the arm and led her to a chair, turning to the table to pour a cup of wine. She nodded her thanks and drained the cup in one go. 
“Madam Carver?” he said. “What has happened?” 
Mother glanced at her daughter before settling her gaze on Aaron.
“Milord,” she said, “Aaron ... they’re coming for you.” 
Aaron pulled back, his eyebrows lifting as he regarded Mother.
“What do you mean, they’re coming for me?” he asked cautiously. 
“They think you are protecting the dragon,” she said, her voice rising in pitch. “They want you to lead them to the beast so they can kill it.” 
Aaron breathed out a sigh of relief as he caught Keira’s concerned expression.
“Why do they think I know where the dragon lives?” he asked. “And do they really think they can kill a dragon?”
“I don’t know,” she said. “Dragons have been killed before. But this is all Edmund’s fault.”
“Edmund? How did Edmund cause this?”
“He was furious when he heard that you had taken Anna, after already marrying Keira.” Mother cast her daughter a regretful glance before returning her attention to Aaron. “He’s been trying to stir up trouble for you, and has convinced everyone that somehow you know where the dragon’s lair is.” 
“Hmm.” Aaron sat back, looking thoughtful, as Keira asked the next question.
“Does Father know you are here?”
“Yes,” Mother said. “He didn’t want me to come, of course, but I convinced him to stay and try to reason with the villagers while I came to warn you. This is partly my fault, for placing so much confidence in Edmund.” Mother’s shoulders slumped as she whispered her next words: “I’m so sorry, my daughter.” 
Keira’s eyes were wet as she leaned into her mother, wrapping her arms around her shoulders. Aaron rose to his feet, and Keira looking up at him questioningly as she released her mother.
“You must remain here with your mother,” he said. “I shan’t be gone too long.”
“Where are you going?” Keira demanded.
“Why, to meet with this vengeful company, of course,” he said. “I’m sure that, between your father and I, we can make them see reason. There’s nothing to worry about.” 
Keira regarded him through narrowed eyes before pulling him to the other side of the room.
“Then let me come too,” she said.
“Absolutely not.” The cheeriness fled his voice and his tone turned hard. “Your presence will be a hindrance, not at all helpful.” He lowered his voice and leaned towards her. “I will meet them as you see me, and will do everything in my power to avoid hurting them, but if things should turn nasty, I don’t want you to be caught in the middle. They cannot force me to produce a dragon, and they must realize that they cannot make war on a man on such a flimsy pretext; but even so, I would prefer you to stay away from the fray.” His words softened as he spoke, and he lifted his hand to cup her cheek. “You are my life, and if anything happened to you, it would surely kill me.” 
He gazed into her eyes, his own turning to molten gold as flames leaped in their depths. Ignoring a scandalized gasp from Mother, he wrapped his arms around Keira and pulled her close, molding his body to hers as he kissed her deeply. Keira was the one who broke the kiss, and he rested his forehead against hers, lingering in silence for a moment before suddenly pulling away, purpose filling his movements. He strode to the door, pausing to take in one last look at his wife before exiting the room. 
Keira watched as he left, then walked over to a chair and sunk into it, her head buried in her hands, as her mother watched her in silence.
 “You really love that man, don’t you?” Mother said after a while.
“Yes,” Keira replied softly. Mother nodded. 
“It is clear that he loves you too, Keira. I should have trusted you.” 
“Yes,” she said, “you should have.” Walking over to the window, she leaned her head against the cool pane, the surface smooth against her forehead. The sound of pounding footsteps brought her head up as Anna ran into the room, pausing when she saw her mother.
“Thomas told me you were here, Mother,” she said. “Is everything all right?” 
Keira paced the room as their mother explained the situation to Anna.
When Mother was done, Anna turned her attention to Keira. “You’re not going to just wait here, are you?” 
“What else should I do, Anna?” 
“You should go after him, of course,” Anna said. “That’s what I would do!”
“Anna, I can’t just run off after him.” 
“Well, I don’t see why not,” Anna retorted. She watched Keira for a moment, and when she didn’t respond, flounced out of the room. Keira resumed her pacing, her mother watching her.
“If you keep on doing that, I’m going to leave,” she finally said. “I need to get back anyway.” 
Keira paused, turning to her mother in surprise. “You are?” she said. “You do? You’re not going to stay?”
“No, Keira,” Mother said. “I came to deliver a message, which I have done, and now I need to return home.”
“You’re returning alone?” Keira said. “On horseback? I’m not sure that’s a good idea.” 
“Well, you could always accompany me, daughter.” Mother’s gaze caught Keira’s and held it for a moment, until she looked away. “I could use the company. And there is safety in numbers – who knows who I might run into?” 
A ghost of a smile crossed Keira’s face as she slowly nodded. “Yes, you’re right,” she said. “I really shouldn’t let you go alone. I will travel with you and keep you company. I’ll send a message to Cook to pack up some provisions, and a message to the stable to saddle the horses, and we’ll be on our way.”
An hour later, Keira and her mother passed under the portcullis and onto the steep path leading down the mountain. The castle, situated on the top of a mountain, was above the tree line, and Keira scanned the forest below looking for some evidence of Aaron, but saw nothing. It was slow going picking their way down the mountain, and there were a few times when Keira and her mother had to dismount and lead their horses down the path. They made up time, however, when they entered the forest, following a well-worn path thick with needles from the surrounding pines. Only a few rays of light made it to the forest floor through the densely packed trees, and the path followed a winding trail around thick trunks. 
They had traversed about half the distance down the mountain when they pulled their mounts to a stop near a stream. Tired and hungry, they agreed to pause for a few minutes to refresh themselves before continuing on their way. Kneeling down next to the stream, Keira splashed the cool water over her face before sitting back on her haunches next to her mother, soaking up the fresh pine-scented air. Up in the trees, perched on branches that reached to the sky, birds were creating a riotous din as they warned of the intruders. Squirrels clambered up tree trunks and jumped between limbs, chattering noisily, and the stream burbled over the rocks below the water’s surface. 
A sudden squawk was the only warning Keira heard before a heavy hand fell on her shoulder, pulling her onto her back in the dirt. Confused, she twisted around and looked up into Alan’s leering face.
“Well, well,” he drawled. “Look what I’ve found. Again.” 
Keira glanced around quickly to see her mother similarly sprawled on the ground, before returning her attention to Alan and pushing herself up.
“No dragon here to rescue you this time, girl,” he snarled. Keira could smell his breath, sour and foul, while his body reeked from months gone by without washing. Since consuming Aaron’s blood, her senses were far more acute, and she wrinkled her nose in distaste.
“What are you doing in these woods, Alan?” she asked sharply. “These are private lands.”
“Belong to that husband of yours, do they?” he said. “I don’t see him here to do anything about it.” A stream of slaver punctuated the end of this sentence, and Keira shuddered.
“Come, girl, up,” he said, then gestured to Mother. “You too. Happens I have some friends a little ways ahead who are here to kill the dragon, filthy monster that it is. Perhaps I will give you to the beast as a last supper.” He laughed at his joke before pushing Keira and Mother ahead of him, jabbing them in the back with a stick when they didn’t move fast enough. 
They had been walking for twenty minutes when Keira heard the sound of voices drifting through the trees.
“What makes you think I can even find the dragon?” Aaron said, sounding frustrated.
“Oh, I think you can find it,” was the reeve’s patronizing reply. “Whenever there’s a Drake around, a dragon is sure to be close by. It does live below your castle, does it not?”
“Come now, Matthew.” Keira breathed a sigh of relief when she heard her father’s voice of reason. “Even if Aaron could find the dragon, how is he supposed to make it come here?”
“These Drakes have ways, I tell you.” The reeve sounded annoyed. “Perhaps he just needs some incentive. How would your new wife enjoy being a widow, Milord Drake?”
 “You could try to kill me, but you will fail,” Aaron said. His voice was calm, but Keira could hear a steel undercurrent in his tone. “Despite your threats, I will not help you find the dragon. The creature has done –” 
His voice stopped abruptly as Alan prodded Keira in the back one more time and she stumbled into a clearing, her mother close on her heels. On one side of the clearing stood a group of men that Keira recognized from the village, crude weapons clutched in their hands. The reeve stood at the front of the group with a short sword hanging loosely in his hand. Standing behind him were faces that Keira recognized – Jem Young, Daniel Draper, and even quiet Harry Turner amongst them. They were facing Aaron, who stood a few feet away. Keira’s father stood to one side, his hands out in a gesture of appeasement. His hands dropped to his sides as he turned towards the source of the commotion, before he sprung towards the women as they fell to the ground. Aaron was barely a step behind him.
“Keira,” Aaron said. The single word was loaded with a mixture of reproach and resignation as Aaron strode towards his wife.
“I’m sorry,” she mumbled to the ground. “It’s just ... I couldn’t ...” 
Her head hung low as Aaron wrapped his hands around her shoulders, pulling her to her feet. 
“I know,” he whispered into her ear. “I love you, too.” She looked up in surprise, and he met her gaze with a wry smile. “But don’t think I’m not still annoyed with you.” 
She opened her mouth to respond, then closed it again when she realized there was nothing to say. Aaron leaned forward and gave her a quick hard kiss on the lips before turning back to the reeve.
“My wife and I will be leaving now,” he said. “We can finish this another time.”
“I don’t think so,” said the reeve. He looked at Alan with a sly smile. “I see you brought me an incentive. Well done.” 
The reeve gestured towards Mother, and Aaron shot forward in a sudden movement, but it was too late. Before Keira realized what was happening, Alan had grabbed her mother by the hair, pulling her head back and exposing her throat. The blade of a dagger pressed against her neck, a thin red line welling up. The reeve laughed, a cruel sound that made Keira shiver.
“No!” exclaimed Father, turning to face the reeve. “You cannot do this.”
“Ah, Richard,” said the reeve, “but I am doing it. Convince your son-in-law to hand over the dragon, and I will allow Jenny to go free.” He turned to Aaron, his expression ugly. “Choose, milord. The dragon or this woman?” 
There was a stunned silence, shock on the faces of the men around them as they shuffled uncomfortably.
“Um, Reeve Hobbes.” Jem Young stepped forward, glancing at the others for support before continuing. “We didn’t come here to hurt anyone. We just came for the dragon.”
“And this is how we get the dragon,” snapped the reeve. He turned to the man who had spoken. “Tell me, Jem, how much money do you owe me again?” Jem looked down at his feet, shuffling in discomfort, before moving back into the group. 
Ignoring this exchange, Aaron slowly turned to look at Keira’s father, his expression unfathomable as he met the pleading stare of his father-in-law. Standing next to him, Keira held her breath, knowing what he would choose, berating herself for not staying away. 
Aaron nodded slightly before turning to the reeve. “Very well,” he said. “I will find the dragon for you, but you must let my wife and her family go.” 
The reeve laughed again before responding. “Do you take me for a fool? You may have your wife back when the dragon is dead.”
Keira stepped towards Aaron. “No,” she whispered, her eyes fixed on him. “You mustn’t do it. Promise me you won’t.”
“I must,” Aaron said, his voice too low to be heard by anyone but Keira. “It is the only way. You must trust that I can get us all out of this impasse. He will not be satisfied until he faces the dragon. It is to his own detriment.” 
Turning to the reeve, he lifted his voice, his expression hard as stone.
“You are a foolish man to demand the presence of a dragon. I cannot answer for the actions of the creature, and the consequences will be on your shoulders.” Aaron turned and looked around the group of men, meeting the stare of each one before continuing. “If my wife or any member of her family is harmed in any way – a scratch, scraped and bloody knees or even a missing hair – the dragon will hunt down each of your family members and devour them slowly, drawing out an agonizing death.” 
His gaze settled on Daniel Draper. “You, Daniel, you have a daughter, don’t you? I’m sure she would be a tasty morsel. And you, Smithy,” he continued, looking at the next man, “you have a young son apprenticing with you. I’m told dragons favor young blood. And Reeve Hobbes,” he said, turning to face the reeve, “you have four sons. Keep their faces before you as I leave, and make sure your actions while I’m gone are motivated by a desire to see your sons alive tomorrow.” 
Keira felt her blood rush from her face as she heard Aaron’s threats. The men shrunk back, pale-faced and mumbling between themselves, but Aaron ignored them, and turning his attention to Keira once more, dropped his voice.
“All will be well, my sweet,” he said to her. “Please don’t be anxious. I’ll be back and will bring this situation to an end. I promise that you will be safe. Yes, your parents too,” he added, answering the unspoken question in her eyes. He squeezed her fingers before turning away and disappearing through the trees.
Chapter 35 
Keira glanced at the sky above the clearing, wondering how much longer it would be before Aaron returned. She judged that a full hour had gone by since his departure, but she suspected that he wasn’t far away and was just biding his time. 
As soon as he had gone, the mumblings of the men grew louder until at last the reeve had rounded on them, branding them all as cowards. They fell silent after that, but they kept glancing at one another, shifting nervously as they waited. Alan dropped the dagger he was holding against Mother’s throat as soon as Aaron had disappeared between the trees, and she fell to the ground in a heap before being pulled into her husband’s arms. Father had gently helped her into a sitting position as she leaned against him for support. 
A few more minutes passed before Keira heard the heavy beats of a dragon’s wings against the air. She looked up, watching as a large shape appeared in the sky, blocking the light of the sun for a moment as it slowly circled above them, its tail streaming out behind it as the sun glinted on its hard scales. A steady stream of flames spewed from its mouth, spreading heat around them, and as it drew closer, a long, loud roar tore through the air, reverberating across the mountains and sending a shiver down Keira’s spine. The barbs on its neck and along its tail reached up like a wall of spears, standing out in sharp profile against the blue of the sky, and its claws were stretched to their fullest extent, the strength and brutality of them on full display. 
For a moment Keira couldn’t reconcile the wild, savage creature circling above her with the man that she loved, and she drew back slightly, a wave of fear lapping at the edges of her mind – but at that moment he looked directly at her, as though sensing her confusion, and in his bright burning gaze she recognized her husband. He circled around one more time before dropping to the ground with a thud that shook the earth, forgoing his usual grace. 
The men scrambled away from him, gripping their makeshift weapons with whitened knuckles, fear evident on their faces as they watched the huge beast. Even the reeve pulled back, a momentary expression of dread crossing his face before it was quickly wiped away. 
The dragon swept his long tail over the ground in a wide arc that stretched across most of the clearing, stirring up leaves and dust and tripping any man who stood in its path, creating confusion as the men pushed and shoved each other in their struggle to get away.
As the dragon settled on the ground, Keira noticed Father moving forward to face it, his expression calm and unconcerned as he met the creature’s gaze. His actions were in such stark contrast to the other men that they stopped to stare at him in astonishment, but Father ignored them all, his gaze on the dragon towering above him. Man and beast, they stared at each other for a moment before Father moved back to stand next to Smithy, who clutched a pitchfork in his hand as though it was all that stood between him and death. The dragon swept his gaze around the circle, his gaze lingering on Keira, then lifted his head and let out another long, low roar, flames spewing from his mouth. 
Turning towards the reeve, Keira gestured to the dragon. “My husband told you he would send the dragon, and he did. Now let us go.” 
The reeve had recovered from his momentary fright at the sight of the beast, and he looked at Keira with a smirk. “Not so hasty, girl. You cannot leave until the dragon is dead.” A low growl filled the air at his words, and the reeve glanced nervously at the dragon before returning his gaze to Keira.
“Your actions will only bring about your own demise,” Keira said, amazed at the man’s stubbornness. She opened her mouth to say more, but from amongst the men came a voice of support.
“This has gone on long enough,” Daniel Draper said. “Let the girl go before we find ourselves paying too dear a price.” He gestured towards the dragon. “We stand no chance against such a mighty beast, and the fact that we are not already dead makes me inclined to think that we should let it go in peace.”
“What are you saying?” the reeve shouted. “This is a dragon – a mindless monster.” He lifted his sword as he spoke, shaking it in his fist. “It burns and destroys! We must finish it now while we have the chance.” 
“No,” Daniel shouted, but his voice was overridden by the reeve’s.
“Kill it!” the reeve screamed, lowering his sword and charging. 
Later, Keira would remember the events as they played through her mind in slow motion, each expression and action discrete; but at the time, the movements ran together in a confused explosion. Taking advantage of the momentary distraction caused by Daniel’s words, the reeve raced towards Aaron. The motion caught Keira’s dragon-sharpened eye and her scream reverberated through the surrounding forest. A momentary falter was enough to cost the reeve his attack, and instead of plunging towards the dragon, his sword sliced through Keira’s arm as she leapt towards Aaron. Keira’s father, too, had seen the reeve’s actions and he surged forward, startling the man beside him. Pitchfork lowered, Smithy swung around, catching Father in the stomach and impaling him on the tines. 
Keira’s eyes widened as she saw her father falling to the ground, his hands grasping the pitchfork thrust through his torso as the blood seeped through his fingers. Around her, the other men stood frozen in place, glancing between the dragon and Father, until fear and dread forced them into action, and en masse they turned and ran. The reeve, seeing that his attack on the dragon had failed, dropped the sword and backed away, but too late. A stream of flame caught him and he fell to the ground screaming as the flames licked up his legs, blistering and blackening the skin. His body thrashed around in the dust, causing the flames to slowly subside as he lost consciousness and collapsed onto the ground. 
Mother gaped at her husband in horror before running to him and falling in the dirt beside him. On the other side of Father, Smithy dropped to the ground and slowly eased the pitchfork from his stomach, his face reflecting his dismay.
“I’m so sorry,” Smithy said. “I’m so sorry. It was an accident.” The words flowed from his mouth in an endless litany that grew more and more frantic as Father’s blood seeped out through the wounds. “Please, you can’t die. I’m so sorry.” 
“Help him,” Keira screamed to Aaron. Blood was pouring from the gash in her own arm, the pale white bone exposed where the tissue pulled apart, but she was barely even aware of the injury. Aaron took a step towards her, but she shook her head and pointed at her father. “He’s going to die. Help him!” 
Glancing at Father, Aaron nodded before looking down at the dagger left lying on the ground by Alan. “The dagger,” he said to Keira, his voice too low for the others to hear, “Get the dagger. You will have to do this – do you think you can?” 
Keira nodded as she picked up the dagger, holding her wounded arm close to her chest. 
“Remember how you drew my blood before?” Aaron said, and she nodded one more time. “You will need to do that again.” 
Keira rushed over to where her father lay. Small bubbles of blood escaped from his mouth, and she could see that he did not have long to live.
“Mother,” Keira said, grabbing her by the shoulders, “the dragon can help Father, but we need to hurry.” 
“No,” Mother whispered, as Aaron moved to Father’s side, his clawed feet next to Father’s broken form. “Keep that monster away from him. He cannot have Richard.”
“Mother,” Keira said, struggling to keep her voice calm. “You have to trust me.” She looked at Aaron in despair. 
As Aaron moved over the fallen form, Smithy stopped mumbling his apologies and glanced up to look at Keira and then the dragon. Pushing himself to his feet, he walked around to where Mother knelt on the ground. Placing his hands on Mother’s shoulders, Smithy gently drew her away, his grip unyielding when she tried to fight free. He nodded at Keira, and she smiled at him gratefully before standing up opposite Aaron and placing the dagger against his chest. 
Looking up, Keira stared into Aaron’s blazing eyes, drawing in a deep breath before pulling the dagger back and plunging it in as far as she could. Smithy gasped behind her as a low growl filled the air and sparks shot around her head, but Aaron remained still as the blood started to drip from the wound. Keira’s hand shook as her own blood loss crested in a wave of dizziness, and placing his claw over her hand, Aaron forced the blade to the side, opening the wound enough for the blood to flow freely. The crimson stream splashed onto Father as he lay prone on the ground, the blood seeping into his wounds and running down his chest. 
Looking down, Keira watched in amazement as the wounds starting to knit together, the skin pulling taut before her eyes, closing the gaping holes left by the tines. Smiling in relief, she looked up at Aaron, gently tugging out the blade as another wave of dizziness hit. She leaned against him as he clasped his claws around her. Lifting Keira away from her father and gently lowering her back to her feet, Aaron turned around so his bulk was between Keira and the others. The dagger was still hanging loosely in Keira’s grip, and pulling her closer, Aaron wrapped his claw around her hand and guided it back to his chest, forcing the quickly healing wound open again. The blood welled up once more, running over her hand and down her arm, drenching the wound. Her flesh tingled as his blood mixed with hers, and she felt a slight tugging as the muscle knitted itself back together. She looked up at Aaron, her breath catching in her throat as he bent his neck down in a graceful arch to bring his mouth close to her ear.
“Drink my blood,” he whispered, his hot breath lifting the hair about her neck.
“What?” she demanded softly. “Why?” 
“It will build your strength,” he replied.
“What about my father? Must he drink your blood too?” 
Aaron laughed, a low sultry sound that made her shiver. “Definitely not,” he said. “Now come, drink.”
Keira nodded slowly and drew in a deep breath, releasing it in a long stream as she brought her hands up to his chest, cupping them beneath the wound, which was still flowing freely. The blood pooled in her hands, and she raised them to her lips, swallowing the blood as it trickled into her mouth. As before, she could feel the warm liquid hitting her stomach, spreading languorously through her limbs. The dizziness lifted as the blood flowed through her veins, and she cupped her hands beneath the wound again, drawing more of the elixir to her mouth. 
Aaron’s head was still bent down to hers, and she pulled back a little to meet his gaze. His eyes were blazing with flames that leaped and sparked, and she smiled as she bent forward, slowly pulling the blade out of his flesh. Blood continued to trickle from the wound as it started to heal, and she leaned forward to lick the drops from his skin. She felt him shudder as a rush of hot air swirled around her, and she leaned back to look at him once more. He met her gaze with an intensity that made her catch her breath, before lifting her arm and slowly licking the blood that had flowed from her wound. His forked dragon tongue curled around her arm, running down its length, and she shuddered, her eyes staring into his burning gaze. A soft growl sounded low in his throat, and his grip on her arm tightened. 
“Never fear the dragon, my sweet,” he whispered, “for it is you who have power over the beast.” 

Chapter 36 
Keira’s father lay on the ground in the clearing, his wife crouched beside him. Smithy stood a few feet away, his eyes not leaving the prone figure as the color slowly returned to his skin and his rasping breath steadied. The dragon stood behind Keira as she knelt down beside Father and took his hand, smiling when he turned his head towards her.
“Where’s the dragon?” he asked, his eyes seeking out the great form. “Your mother says he spilled his blood over me, healing my wounds.” 
Keira nodded. “Dragon blood heals, and he saved your life. He will carry us back to Storbrook, where you can rest and recover.” 
Mother turned to face Keira, dismay shrouding her features. “Carry us?” she asked in a whisper, casting a furtive glance at Aaron. “I know that creature helped your father, but surely you don’t expect me to go near it. It’s a wild animal. It could turn on us at any time.”
“Mother,” Keira replied patiently, “he is not going to hurt us. He has already helped Father – surely that should show you that he means us no harm. And I will be there, too. You won’t be alone.”
“I’m not sure ...” Mother replied as Father clasped her hand.
“Jenny,” he said, “Keira’s right. There’s no need to fear the dragon. I know your ancestor was killed by one of these creatures, but I have always believed that there was more to the story than we know. After all, a Hobbes was involved,” he added wryly. “With all the dragon has already done for us, we owe it some trust. Let it take us back to Storbrook.”
Mother dropped her head, nodding her acquiescence. Squaring her shoulders, she stood up, turning to face Smithy.
“Thank you for staying with us,” she said.
“Yes,” agreed Keira, standing up beside her mother. “And please let people know that there is no need to fear the dragon.”
Smithy nodded, shooting a furtive glance at Aaron before looking away again. “I’m sorry for all the trouble we caused, Mistress Keira. And for your injury,” he said, turning to Father. Glancing once more at Aaron, he turned around and walked away, disappearing between the trees. 
“What do we do with him?” asked Keira, pointing at the reeve lying on the ground. He was slowly regaining consciousness, groaning in pain as his breath rattled through his chest.
“Leave him,” said Father, pushing himself onto his elbows to look at the man. “The others will come back for him eventually. In the meantime, he is suffering his just desserts.” 
“But he could die,” Mother protested. 
Father just shrugged. “Perhaps the dragon wants a meal.” 
Mother gasped in horror, but Keira saw an amused glint pass between Father and the dragon. Planting her hands on her hips, Keira shot each of them a glare before turning to her mother.
“He’s not going to eat the reeve,” she said. “Now come, help me get Father on his feet.”
It took a while for Keira to get her parents onto Aaron’s broad back, where they settled behind his neck, Mother shaking with nervousness and Father gasping from exertion. Keira climbed up last of all, positioning herself between Aaron’s wings. A few moments later they were in the air, Aaron gliding on wind currents which carried them upwards towards the summit of the mountain. Although he was flying slower than usual, it didn’t take long for him to reach Storbrook. Instead of flying into one of the many bedchambers, he dropped down into the courtyard where people scrambled to get out of the way as he landed. As Keira slipped off the dragon, Thomas came running out, lending his aid to her parents. 
“My father has been badly injured,” Keira said. “Please arrange for a bedchamber to be prepared, and ensure that my father has all he needs to aid his recovery.” 
“Yes, milady,” Thomas responded, placing his arm around Father’s shoulder as he led him away, Mother hovering on the other side. Keira watched them walk away before turning to face Aaron, but before she had a chance to say anything, he grabbed her in his claws and swung her up into the air. Clearing the outer wall, he flew out of sight of any observers before transforming in midair and pulling her against his chest. She gasped in surprise, then wound her hands into his hair and hooked her feet around his, opening her mouth to him as his lips descended on hers. He moaned, a low guttural sound, as he pulled her closer, molding her body to his as they hovered in the air, his wings gently beating. Keira slid her hands down his back, gently caressing the place where his wings broke through his skin. She could feel the powerful muscles just below the surface, flexing beneath her fingers as they moved the enormous appendages through the air.
“I’ve never seen you look so much like a dragon before,” said Keira when he pulled his mouth away. 
“Hmm,” he murmured, dropping kisses down her shoulder. “Were you scared?”
“A little,” admitted Keira. “You looked so ... lethal. For a moment you didn’t look like you at all.” 
Aaron pulled away at her words and gazed down into her eyes.
“I’m always me, my sweet.” He pulled her back into his arms, resting his chin against the top of her head. “It is difficult to explain, since you will never experience it. Sometimes I have to allow the monster inside me to take control, but I am allowing it. The creature within never trumps who I am. I may be allowing it to take the reins, but I – the moral, rational, thinking man that I am – am still in ultimate control. There may have been times in my angry past when I allowed the beast to be dominant, but even in that I was still in control – I gave the beast the power to do whatever it wanted.” 
Aaron sighed in frustration as Keira struggled to understand. “I’m making it sound like there are two creatures warring within me, but that’s not right. I am man and beast at the same time, and together they make me who I am.” He paused again, pulling back to look at her. “Is any of this making sense?” 
Keira considered for a moment before slowly replying. “Yes, in a way. I think what you’re trying to tell me is that you are still you, even when you look very ferocious, and you could never hurt me.”
“That’s it.” His face broke into a grin. “I, the man and beast merged into one, love you.” 
“And I love you too, my wonderful, scary monster.” 
Laughing, Aaron lowered his lips onto hers, kissing her deeply. She could feel his desire pressing against her, and she responded hungrily, fanning the flames of passion as he hurriedly propelled them over to their bedchamber.
Chapter 37 
The sun was already slipping towards the western horizon as Aaron lay on the bed watching Keira getting dressed, his long body stretched lazily over the quilts, his head propped in one of his hands.
As she pulled a brush through her long hair she turned to look at him. “Aaron?” 
“Hmm?”
“Why did you to take so long to get back to the clearing?” 
Aaron laughed as he rolled onto his back, staring up at the ceiling. “I need to prepare myself.”
“Prepare yourself, how?”
“You’ve already told me that I appeared more ... wild ... than before,” he said. “When I’m with you, I’m more in touch with my humanity, so I needed to let the dragon out. Also, the longer I stay in human form, the weaker I become. I needed to build my strength.” As Keira sat down on the edge of the bed, Aaron sat up, taking her hands into his own.
“How do you do that?” she asked.
His eyes held hers. “I needed the taste of fresh blood,” he said bluntly. 
Keira swallowed as she returned the gaze, and her voice dropped to a whisper. “Human blood?” 
“No.” He dropped her hands and lay back down again, his hand stroking her leg as he spoke. “I tracked and killed a deer in the woods. But I was never far away. Perhaps too far for you to hear me, but never so far that I couldn’t hear you.”
“You stayed near the men even though you were hunting?” 
Aaron turned to look at her again, his eyes starting to move with flames as his gaze devoured her. “No,” he said. “I stayed near you even though I was hunting. I would never leave you unprotected. You are my life.”
“Oh.” Keira looked down at his hand on her leg before lifting her eyes to meet his gaze. “I’m glad,” she whispered. She bent down to kiss him on the lips before pulling away abruptly, swatting her hand against his chest. “Come on, get yourself dressed. I want to find my parents and check on Father.” 
Aaron grabbed her hands and pulled her down against him for one more kiss, before releasing her with a sigh. “There is one more thing we need to discuss, my sweet.”
“Oh?” She looked at him in surprise. “What’s that?”
“The fact that you followed me when I told you explicitly to wait here.” His voice was gentle, but beneath it Keira could hear an undercurrent of steel.
“Um,” she gulped. “Well, you see ...” Her voice trailed off as Aaron lifted an eyebrow questioningly. She took a deep breath and tried again. “I wasn’t really following you,” she said. “Mother said she wanted to return home, and I offered to accompany her.” Keira dropped her gaze as Aaron’s expression grew still more skeptical. “All right,” she admitted. “I followed you. But I couldn’t bear the thought that you might be injured, or worse.”
“Keira,” he said. “I’m a dragon.” His voice was filled with incredulity. “The chances that I would be hurt or killed by the reeve and his men were infinitesimal. The chances of you being hurt or killed, however, were incredibly high, as was proven today.” He gestured to her arm, which nonetheless was now completely healed.
“I know, I know.” She got up from the bed and started pacing. “And I’m sorry that I made things more difficult for you, but I was worried. I don’t think I could live without you.” 
Aaron sighed and got off the bed, grasping her by the shoulders and looking down into her eyes. “I do understand,” he said. “The only thing I am afraid of is losing you. But I cannot understand why you would risk your frail, human life in order to protect a dragon – a creature that is practically unvanquishable.”
Keira smiled as she placed her hands on either side of his face, looking deep into his golden eyes.
“It’s called love, Aaron,” she said. “And I love you. I cannot promise that I won’t do something foolish again in my feeble attempts to keep you safe, but I will heed you next time you ask me to stay behind.” She stood on her tiptoes and kissed him gently on his lips before adding, with a sly grin, “Even though the waiting will probably drive me crazy, and you will return home to a woman demented.”
“At least you’ll be alive,” he rejoined with a laugh. “And perhaps you will be more amenable.” 
She raised her hand to swat him and he caught it, then caught the other one as it flew through the air. Holding her imprisoned in his grasp, he bent down to kiss her deeply. Her knees went weak and she leaned her weight into him; and when he released her hands, she rested them against his chest for a single moment before shoving him away with a laugh, darting behind a chair.
“Come now, milord,” she chided, “Isn’t someone past the century mark too old to play games? Get yourself suitably attired for someone of such advanced age, and accompany me to my parents’ chambers.” 
It was some time before he finally heeded her commands, as she soon learned her error in thinking she could best a dragon in physical prowess: she was on the ground, rolling with laughter, before he finally released her and dusted off her gown. He was still grinning when a few minutes later they left their chamber in search of her parents.

 Chapter 38 
Keira and Aaron found her parents in a guest bedchamber near Anna’s, far removed from their own chambers on the other side of the castle. Father was on the bed, propped against some cushions as quilts covered his legs. Mother sat in a chair beside him, a damp cloth in her hand and a cup of wine on the table beside her. Father looked up with a wide smile as the pair walked in. 
“Here you are, Keira!” Mother said, glancing at her daughter before her eyes moved over to the man at her side. “Aaron. I was wondering what happened to you. I expected to see you return once the dragon made an appearance, but we didn’t see you again. You didn’t run away, did you?” 
Keira looked at Aaron, startled, and he threw her a similarly confused look. Caught up in the events of the day she had forgotten that Mother didn’t know Aaron’s true identity, and clearly the thought hadn’t crossed his mind, either.
“Well, uh,” he stammered. It was the first time Keira had ever seen him at a loss for words. Father watched in amusement, his eyes glinting as he waited for Aaron’s reply. “It took a while to find the dragon, and as you know dragons can fly very fast. By the time I made it back to the clearing, everyone was gone.”
“Well, why didn’t you return with the dragon?” Mother said. “It carried us on its back. Surely it would have carried you, too.”
“Oh, no,” replied Aaron, confidence returning to his voice. “A Drake would never allow himself to be carried by a dragon.” He threw a relieved glance at Keira, but it was too soon.
“Oh?” Mother said. “Why ever not?” 
“Because, well, it just isn’t done,” he spluttered. 
Mother was about to argue, when Father took pity on Aaron.
“I’m sure there’s an explanation beyond our comprehension, Jenny,” he said gently, his squeezing hand reminding her of her manners. She looked at Aaron with narrowed eyes and pursed lips before turning her attention to her husband.
“I’m sure you are right,” she reluctantly agreed.
Father smiled at her gently before turning to look at Aaron. “Aaron,” he said. “Son. Thank you for all you have done for us today. I realize that you were placed in a difficult position, but you handled yourself well. I am proud to have you in my family.” 
Keira looked at her father in astonishment before turning to look at Aaron. He was staring at Father, but a moment later he strode forward, he clasped the injured man’s hand in his own. “I am honored to be called your son. Thank you.” The men stared at each other for a moment before Aaron stepped back and glanced around the room.
“Where’s Anna?” he said. “I thought she would be with you.” 
With a flash of guilt, Keira realized that she had forgotten her sister. She glanced around the room before turning back to her parents.
“We haven’t seen her,” Mother said. “We thought maybe she was with you.” Aaron threw Keira an amused glance, and she looked down as a flush rose in her cheeks. Father caught the look and grinned.
“I think they were otherwise occupied, my love,” he said. 
“I’ll go look for her,” said Keira, suddenly anxious to leave the room. “I’ll be back soon.” She heard amused laughter trailing her as she turned and fled, while Mother’s confused voice demanded to know the source of the humor. 
Anna was not in her chambers, nor in any of the common rooms. Vexatious girl, thought Keira. There were many smaller rooms where she could be hiding within the castle, or she could even have gone to the chapel; but as the light was beginning to fade, Keira decided to search the gardens first. Heading through the low hall, she made her way through the kitchen garden. It was a small garden, easily searched, and a small bench against the wall would have made a good hiding place. When she didn’t find Anna there, Keira headed over to the pleasure gardens. She had just started searching through the trees, calling out Anna’s name, when she heard footsteps behind her. Turning around, she saw Aaron approaching through the lowering gloom.
“No sign of her?” he asked. 
“No,” Keira said. “I’ve searched all the obvious places, but nothing. I thought I would search the gardens before the light is completely gone, and then head back inside to search some of the smaller rooms.” A rustling sound made her turn her head, her eyes searching the shadows, but she saw nothing. 
“Come out,” Aaron called. “I can see you hiding in the brush.” 
Keira watched in surprise as a young girl crept out of the bushes towards them. She glanced at Aaron warily before turning her attention to Keira.
“Excuse me, mum,” she said, her voice quavering. “I didn’t mean to spy on you, it’s just that I was in the gardens and you came this way, see? And I couldn’t help but hear you talking about Miss Anna.” 
“You know where she is?” asked Keira, taking a step towards her. 
“Yes, mum,” she said. “I mean no, mum. I mean, I saw her leave the castle earlier today.”
“Saw her leave?” Aaron said, his voice sounding harsh after the girl’s timorous utterances. She glanced at him, shrinking back a little, before looking at Keira again. 
“She wasn’t leaving with anything, mum. She just looked like she was taking a walk. She left the castle gates and headed down the path.”
“What time was this?” Aaron said impatiently, and Keira shot him a look of annoyance.
“Um, I’m not sure.”
“It’s all right,” Keira said. “You did the right thing telling us. What were you doing when you saw her?” 
“I was coming back from the stables. I had taken a message that you wanted the horses saddled, mum.” 
Keira turned to Aaron, her face pale. “That was hours ago. Where could she have gone?” 
Aaron turned to the girl and nodded, flicking his fingers to indicate her dismissal. The girl turned and ran, disappearing into the shadows.
“Keira, there is something you should know,” he said. “When we returned with your parents, I smelled something. I thought the scent had been carried by your parents, and didn’t pay it much mind. But in light of your sister’s disappearance, I believe it is significant.”
“What, Aaron? What did you smell?”
“Did you notice someone missing at the clearing?” he asked. “Someone who would have jumped at the chance to see me at a disadvantage?” 
“Edmund,” she breathed, shocked that she hadn’t noticed his absence before.
“Yes.”
“We must go find her,” she said.
“Not we, I,” he said, folding his arms against his chest. 
“No Aaron. She’s my sister, and I need to see her safe.”
“Keira, we have already gone over this. I will find her and bring her back, but it is not safe for you to be with me.”
“Why not? It is only one man. A boy. He’s no threat to me with you nearby, and certainly no threat to you.” 
Aaron shook his head, his expression closed, and Keira grabbed his arm.
“Please, Aaron,” she said. “This situation is not like before. Don’t make me stay here, wondering whether you or my sister are safe.”
“You just said he’s not a threat to me, so there’s no need for you to be concerned.”
“Please, Aaron.” She looked up at him beseechingly, and he let out a sigh.
“Very well,” he said. “Against my better judgment I will let you come. But promise me you will stay away from Edmund.”
“Thank you.” She threw her arms around his neck.
“Don’t make me regret this,” he growled in her ear. “Let’s go, before we waste any more time.”

 Chapter 39 
Aaron and Keira headed inside, pausing only to tell Keira’s parents that Anna hadn’t returned from a walk and they were going to search for her, omitting any mention of Edmund. In their bedchamber Aaron removed his shirt before strapping a sword around his waist. Keira watched in surprise as he fastened the buckle.
“You’re going like that? Why?”
“You do know that I will kill Edmund, don’t you?” he asked, grabbing a dagger and shoving it under the belt.
“Yes,” Keira said.
“Edmund will know the man that is sending him to his grave, and I will look him in the eyes as the lifeblood drains from him.” Keira shivered at his hard words, and he turned to look at her. “He has brought this on himself, Keira. He has tried to harm not just you, but now your sister as well. Given the chance, he would take your life without giving it a thought. He does not deserve the life he has been given, and now it will stand as forfeit for his deeds.” 
Aaron finished arming himself and jumped up onto the window ledge, reaching out a hand to pull Keira up as well. Wrapping his arms around her, he threw himself from the ledge, his wings unfurling behind to catch them in their descent. It was already too dark for Keira to see more than a few feet ahead of her, but she knew that Aaron could pick up movements in the forest even from this height. Below them was the path leading from the castle, and Aaron followed it until it disappeared under the trees.
“She passed this way,” said Aaron into Keira’s ear. “I can smell her.” He swooped downwards, Keira tightening her grip around his neck, until they were skimming the tops of the trees.
“There,” he said, pointing with his chin. “I can hear some noises.” Keira strained her ears, but the wind whipped away any sounds. A few more moments had gone by when she heard a cry, and Aaron picked up his speed, heading towards the sound. Through a break in the trees Keira could see Edmund dragging Anna by the arm as she tripped and stumbled behind him before he jerked her back up angrily.
“This is all your sister’s fault,” Keira heard him shout, the dragon blood in her veins sharpening her hearing. “She was supposed to be my wife. She thinks she can just leave me and marry someone else, but I’ll show her. She thinks she is so much better than me, but she will soon see I am not a man to be trifled with. She will pay for her insolence. And when she finds your lifeless body, she will know that she should never have crossed Edmund Hobbes!” 
He yanked Anna’s arm again, and she fell to the ground with a cry. Her knees were already bloodied, and long scratches ran down the length of her cheeks, with tears, blood and dirt mingling in brown streaks. 
As they drew closer, Aaron closed his wings against his back and dropped silently towards the forest floor, releasing Keira when they were just a few feet above the ground. He plowed into Edmund, dragging him away from the traumatized girl as she lay helplessly on the ground. The boy rolled over, shock written across his face as he stared up at Aaron.
“You,” Edmund spat. His face was twisted in anger, but the expression was quickly replaced with horror. As Aaron stood over the boy he stretched his wings to the fullest extent allowed by the trees, while his inhuman eyes blazed with flames.
“Who are you?” Edmund gasped, pushing himself away.
Aaron leaned forward and allowed a stream of flame to escape from his mouth, the flame curling as it brushed Edmund’s skin. “I am your worst nightmare,” he said, his voice low. 
Kneeling beside Anna, Keira gathered her sister up in her arms, whispering her name as she pulled the girl against her shoulder while sobs wracked her body. The girl seemed oblivious to the scene playing out before her, and Keira shifted herself so that Anna could not see what was happening. 
“You’re the dragon!” Edmund exclaimed, fear making his voice rise in pitch.
“Exactly,” Aaron said. Keira could see Edmund trembling and she felt a flicker of pity for him, but it quickly passed away. Aaron took a step backwards.
“Stand up,” he said. “I could kill you in an instant, but I have a very strong sense of fair play. Since you were unaware of my true identity, I will fight you not as a dragon, but as a man.” He pulled the sword and dagger from his belt, and holding them both by the blade, extended the handles out to Edmund. “Choose your weapon.” 
As Keira expected, Edmund chose the blade that would give him a longer reach, leaving the shorter dagger for Aaron. Even so, Edmund did not look very confident as he faced his opponent.
“I will kill you quickly, to save my wife’s sensibilities,” Aaron said, flicking a glance over at Keira. Edmund looked at her in surprise, and Keira wondered whether he’d even realized she was there. Edmund looked back at Aaron and then, without waiting for a signal, rushed towards him with the sword in his outstretched hand. Aaron spun away from the weapon and turned to face Edmund, who charged again. The sword went wide, and Aaron brought the dagger up into Edmund’s chest as he rushed past. The boy collapsed onto the ground with a groan as Aaron stepped over to him, yanking out the dagger. Blood trickled from his mouth, forming little red bubbles around his lips as his eyes flickered closed.
“Look at me,” Aaron growled, and Edmund’s eyes grew wide as he watched the man standing over him. Aaron’s eyes were blazing even brighter as his face started to elongate, the skin pulling taut and splitting as it formed into scales; his eyes moving around to the sides of his head; his hair vanishing as horns grew from his skull. The last thing Edmund saw before he breathed his last was fire curling from between a row of sharp teeth while a forked tongue flicked out of the mouth. As Aaron’s features returned to their human form, he turned towards Keira. He held her gaze for a moment before glancing at the girl in her arms. 
“How is she?” he asked. Keira shook her head. 
“She’s been badly hurt. She needs some blood to heal her superficial wounds, but it will take far more to heal the deeper ones.” 
Aaron nodded, ripping off the bottom of Edmund’s tunic before slashing his own wrist with the dagger. Blood quickly welled up from the wound, and Aaron held the cloth against it, saturating the rag before handing it to Keira. 
“Wipe her wounds with this,” he said. “It will help them to heal.” He turned away as Keira gave her attention to her sister, gently wiping the bloodied cloth over her face and arms, then pulling her skirts up and wiping her bloodied knees. 
Anna’s eyes fluttered open as Keira worked, and she gazed at her sister as she finished. 
“You came,” she said in a whisper. “Thank God you came – he was going to kill me. He said it was all your fault, that he was going to teach you a lesson. I tried to get away, but I couldn’t.” Anna’s voice broke as she choked on a sob.
“Sshh,” Keira soothed, “It’s finished. Edmund is dead.” 
“Really?” she whispered.
“Yes, really. Look.” Taking Anna’s shoulders, Keira turned her around to where Aaron stood over Edmund. Anna pushed herself to her feet, grabbing Keira as she stumbled, then walked over to where Edmund lay. She stared at the body for a moment before spitting on it and turning away. 
“I’m glad he’s dead,” she said. Walking over to a tree, she slumped down against it and buried her head in her hands.
“Come,” Aaron said, “let’s get out of here.” 
“What about the body?” Keira asked. 
“I’ll take it to the village tomorrow,” he said. “At least people will know what happened.”
“No,” Keira exclaimed. “You can’t do that. People will blame the dragon.”
“He was stabbed with a dagger. No one can say he was killed by a dragon.”
“Do you think that will stop people blaming you?” she said.
“What are you suggesting, Keira,” he asked quietly.
“We need to destroy the evidence. Get rid of the body.”
“Get rid of the body?” he repeated. She nodded. “How?” he asked cautiously.
“She means,” said Anna, lifting her head to glare at him balefully, “you should eat him.” 
His eyebrows flew up. 
“I don’t mind,” she added. 
“No,” Aaron said, glaring at his wife.
“Why not?” Keira asked. “You are a dragon, after all, and here is warm flesh waiting to be eaten.” 
He turned away from her, flinging a reply over his shoulder. “Absolutely not!”
“Oh come on,” Anna said, leaning against the tree as she rose to her feet. “No need to be all shy. I’ll just go wait behind those trees while you do what you have to do.” Keira’s mouth dropped open in astonishment as Aaron turned around slowly to stare after his sister-in-law. He looked back at Keira, his gaze meeting hers as a wry smile stretched his lips. 
Stepping towards him, Keira wrapped her arms around his waist. “You are a dragon.”
“Are you sure?” he whispered.
“Yes,” she said softly. 
Aaron nodded slowly as he pulled away from her embrace. “You must wait behind the trees with Anna.” 
Keira nodded and turned away. As she reached the trees she looked back to see Aaron, his back to her, pulling his pants down his legs. There was a flash of light, and instead of the man stood the dragon. He lifted his head on his long neck and sniffed the air, then slowly bent his head around and met her gaze. She dropped her eyes and turned away, hurrying over to where Anna sat on the ground, her back pressed against a tree. 
Kneeling next to her sister, she took her by the hand. “I’m so sorry, Anna,” she said as tears filled her eyes. 
Anna turned to meet her gaze, shaking her head slightly. “This is not your fault, Keira. Edmund was evil, and he was determined to hurt us. I’m just glad he’s dead.”
“Me too,” Keira said, leaning back against a neighboring tree and grabbing her sister’s hand. “Me too.” 
They sat together in silence as soft growls reached their ears from behind the trees. Anna’s body relaxed slowly as her eyes closed. Keira waited a few minutes before leaning forward to listen to her breathing. Its slow, steady rhythm assured Keira that Anna was asleep, and slowly, making as little noise as possible, she pushed herself up to a standing position and tiptoed towards Aaron. Stopping at a tree that would give her a clear line of sight, she quietly bent around the trunk to see what Aaron was doing. His claws were buried in the body before him as his teeth ripped off pieces of blackened flesh. She drew in a deep breath and closed her eyes, steeling herself against the sights before her, then opened them again. She stared at Aaron as he pulled apart more blackened flesh, low growls rumbling deep in his throat. Through the trees she could see the moon rising in the sky, its light throwing down faint shadows around the dragon. 
Aaron lifted his head, and his eyes met hers. He pulled back, watching her warily, as Keira returned the gaze. Slowly, keeping her eyes on him, she inched around the tree until she was standing directly in front of him, the tree pressed against her back. Aaron continued to watch her for a few more moments, then lowered his head and tore off another piece of meat, looking back up at her to meet her gaze once more. The growls in his throat grew louder, his gaze not leaving hers except when he lowered his head to pull off more flesh. 
As Keira watched, the connection in her mind between the man and dragon started to dissolve. She no longer thought of him as a man, but as a wild creature, ferocious and beautiful. She paid no attention to what he was eating and marveled at the magnificence of the creature before her – fierce and primal, silhouetted against the moon. The dragon continued to watch her as he ate, and she watched in return, with a feeling of awe. A noise behind her pulled her attention away, and fearful that Anna had awakened, she quietly tiptoed away, looking back one more time to meet his gaze before finally turning away. 
Anna was mumbling in her sleep, turning her head frantically as she tried to get away from the monsters in her dreams. Sitting down next to her, Keira wrapped her arms around her sister and pulled her tight. Anna fought for a moment before relaxing against her, her body growing heavy. Keira must have fallen asleep as well, because when she opened her eyes, Aaron was squatting against a tree across from her, his arm hanging loosely over his knee. He’d been watching her as she slept. She met his gaze, catching her breath when she saw his smoldering eyes burst into flames. Anna remained sleeping next to her, and Aaron and Keira stared at each other in silence as the moon made its way across the sky. 

Chapter 40 
The early morning light was starting to filter through the trees when Anna rolled out of Keira’s arms, her eyes flying open as her body tensed in startled apprehension. She relaxed when she saw Keira and Aaron watching her cautiously.
“Enjoy your meal, brother?” she asked. 
“You’re clearly feeling better, Anna,” he replied. He pushed himself up from his crouched position, stretching out his muscles, and reached a hand down to help Keira to her feet. She fell against his chest, and his arms immediately went around her, his mouth descending in a kiss.
“Urgh,” said Anna. “Can you not find some place in private to do that?” 
“I’m saying good morning to my wife. You can always look away if that disturbs you,” he replied, unperturbed, applying himself to his task once more as the object of his desire responded with equal ardor. Anna huffily turned her back to them, tapping her foot as she waited for them to be done. Keira was grinning when she pulled away.
“The horses you and your mother were riding yesterday are close by,” Aaron said. “I’ll go fetch them and we can return on those.”
“They weren’t attacked by wild animals, then?” asked Keira.
“The only creature they need be afraid of is a dragon,” he replied with a grin. “Other predators tend to stay away when they smell dragons close by. And since the only dragon in the area prefers not to eat horse flesh, they were perfectly safe.” Aaron laughed at Anna’s appalled expression. “I’ll be back in a few minutes,” he called over his shoulder as he walked away.
By the time the three stragglers returned to the castle, the sun had risen above the horizon. Keira helped Anna to her bedchamber, calling for a maid to fill a tub with hot water. The memories that had been held at bay finally crashed over her, and Keira rocked her sister in her arms as she wept before finally falling into a deep slumber, her body and mind exhausted. Keira sighed in relief, glad that Anna could find some measure of escape from the terrible memories of the previous night. She felt herself trembling as she considered what might have happened if she and Aaron had not arrived when they did, and looking down at her sister’s sleeping form, Keira gently touched her cheek. Anna looked so young, lying on the white sheets, her hair spread around her face; but Keira knew that beneath the surface Anna had a resilient spirit – a spirit of courage and strength that would help her move on from the terrible events of the night just passed. 
Keira watched her sister for a few more minutes before creeping from the room in search of Aaron. She finally found him in the solar, where he had been joined by Keira’s father. 
“I need to know, Aaron,” Father said. “Was Edmund involved in Anna’s disappearance?”
“Yes,” was Aaron’s curt reply. Father nodded his head, as though that was the answer he had expected.
“Did he force himself on her?” 
“No. But he threatened to kill her.” 
Keira saw her father’s jaw clench in anger, but he returned Aaron’s gaze without flinching. “Is he dead?”
“Yes.” At Aaron’s response, some of the tension left Father’s shoulders, and he nodded again.
“Good.” He held Aaron’s gaze for a few more moments before adding, “I would like to keep this from Jenny. It will just distress her to know the extent of Edmund’s duplicity.” Aaron nodded as Father turned on his heel, leaving the room.
Aaron turned to look at his wife, his expression filled with remorse.
“I promised to protect his daughters, and I failed him.”
“No!” Her response was emphatic. “Aaron, you might have strength and power on your side, but not even you can predict every possible situation. You cannot control the actions of others. Anna chose to wander beyond the safety of Storbrook, and Edmund chose to attack her.”
Aaron shook his head. “I should have realized that Edmund was up to something when he wasn’t with the other men. And then again when we returned and I caught his scent.”
“Well in that case, Father and I are just as responsible – we should have noticed that Edmund was missing.”
Aaron smiled bleakly. “You aren’t going to convince me that I don’t bear responsibility for this, but thank you for trying to lessen my guilt.” He took her hands and pulled her into his arms. “I thought I was so strong, Keira. Invincible. I am, after all, a dragon. But I’m beginning to realize that I am, in fact, weak and vulnerable. All those years spent indulging my anger were years of weakness. It is only with you that I can be strong.” He leaned back and traced the lines of her face with his finger. “I love you so much, Keira. You have filled my life with so much meaning and purpose. I cannot imagine spending another day without you by my side.” 
He gently drew his fingers across her mouth before replacing them with his lips. His arms encircled her, pulling her close, his embrace strong and secure, and Keira melted into him. Whatever he might say, Keira knew that it was she who had been blessed to be loved by a beast. She could never tame the dragon, but she held his heart, and that was enough.
 
Epilogue 
Anna leaned against the window, staring into the garden below. She could see Aaron and Keira strolling along the path that wound between the shrubbery, Aaron’s arm holding his wife securely by his side. Keira’s laughter, trilling lightly, floated up to where Anna stood, and Anna turned away from the sight in irritation.  
It had been two weeks since Edmund attacked her – two weeks of conflicting emotions raging within her. The outside wounds may have healed, but inside, Anna felt empty and hollow. Apart from meals, Anna had spent most of that time in the privacy of her chambers, alone with her thoughts. Each day, Mother had come to sit with her for a short while, but she had been of little comfort. Mother never asked Anna what had happened that day, and Anna suspected that she knew very little of the events that had touched her daughter so deeply. While Anna was angry that Mother was spared the hurt and pain of Edmund’s actions while she herself had to suffer, she was relieved that she didn’t have to deal with Mother’s guilt.
Father had come by only twice to see her. The first time was the day after the attack, when he had held his youngest daughter and rocked her in his arms, the tears rolling down his cheeks as he expressed his regret at what had happened. Anna cried too, clinging to the man who had always seemed so strong and in control. The second time had been that morning, when Father came by to say goodbye. He and Mother were returning to their home in the village, though it seemed to Anna that Father was rather reluctant to go. Keira had told her that Father spent hours with Aaron each day, grilling him with questions about his life as a dragon. And despite the fact that Aaron was older than Father by almost sixty years, Aaron welcomed the new father-and-son relationship. 
Anna sat down on her bed, feeling self-pity rising up once more. She knew that Keira would come by soon to see her, as she did every day. Keira was the only one who talked to Anna about what happened, and at first, Anna had been grateful to have someone to confide in. Keira was the one person who really understood, since she too had suffered at the hands of Edmund. But as time went on, Anna began to feel annoyed and irritated with her sister. After all, if it hadn’t been for Keira, Edmund would never have turned his sights on her. She knew that such thoughts were unfair to Keira, that her sister was not responsible for what had happened, but she just couldn’t help snapping at Keira whenever she was near. The thoughts refused to be dismissed and the words just flew out. Anna could see the look of hurt that always flashed across Keira’s face, making Anna feel even worse. But Keira had had a happy ending. Just seeing her with Aaron made Anna’s gall rise. Where was her happy ending? Where was her golden dragon? Her knight in shining armor?
Curling her legs up beneath her, Anna buried her face in a pillow. The truth was she wasn’t even sure she wanted a knight in shining armor anymore. She had always dreamed of that perfect, happy marriage. A nice home, children, a loving husband. But that night had shattered her dreams. Men could be so cruel and mean. And there was nothing a woman could do about it when her husband beat her. There were plenty of women in the village who had husbands like Edmund, although there were exceptions, of course. Anna just had to look at her own father to see that. But how did you know what really lay beneath the shining armor of the knight you were marrying? It just didn’t seem to be worth the risk.
Climbing off the bed, Anna went over to the window once more as she considered her options. She definitely did not want to return to the village, even though the threat of Edmund had been removed. Somehow she felt like she had moved beyond the confines of small village life. She could take the veil, but Anna wasn’t sure she was cut out for life as nun. She lacked the patience and sweet temper that would have made Keira a good candidate. Anna knew she could remain with Aaron and Keira – in fact, Keira had already told her that she was welcome to stay with them – but Anna could not help wishing, most perversely, that Aaron and Keira were not quite so happy. She sighed, annoyed with her thoughts again. 
Of course, she would remain at Storbrook. And when the children came along, she would be the loving, indulgent aunt who would help them learn their letters and numbers. The poor, dependent relative that people would look at sympathetically as she passed by. She would gracefully decline into old age, helping her sister until she died. Anna smiled. The picture had a certain appeal – a well-to-do spinster that the family depended on. She nodded to herself, satisfied that she had come up with a suitable plan – unaware, at the tender age of sixteen, that life has a way of unraveling the best laid plans.
 
Glossary of Terms 
The setting for this story is the Medieval period or the High Middle Ages, which covers roughly the time period from AD 1000 to 1300. In the course of the story I have used terms that not everyone is familiar with. Below is an explanation of these terms.
 
Bower – a private study or sitting room for the lady of the house.
Cabinet – a study or library.
Carol – a dance (not a song) where everyone holds hands and dances in a circle. 
Doublet – a tight-fitting jacket that buttons up the front. 
Great Hall­ – a multi-purpose room for receiving guests, conducting business, eating meals, and when necessary, sleeping.
Kirtle ­– a gown worn over a chemise and laced across the front, side or back. 
Reeve – an overseer of a town, reporting to the local lord. (In this story, Aaron Drake is referred to as ‘milord’, a title used for someone of superior social standing. However, he is not the lord of the district, and the reeve does not report to him.) The word ‘sheriff’ comes from the word reeve. The reeve carries a white stick as a symbol of his authority.
Solar – a private sitting room used by family and close friends. The word solar does not refer to the sun, but rather to the fact that the room has sole or private use.
Tunic – a garment pulled over the head that reaches around mid-thigh. It is worn over a shirt and cinched at the waist with a belt.
 
A note about meals. During the Early and High Middle Ages, the entire household typically ate meals together. There were only two meals a day, although the working classes would usually eat something small, such as a piece of bread, when they first arose and before they started working. The first meal, called dinner, was served at around 11 a.m. and was the larger meal, with numerous courses. A second meal was served in the late afternoon. 
 
If you are interested in learning more about the Medieval period, head over to the author’s website, www.lindakhopkins.com.
 
 
Pursued by a Dragon
The second book in The Dragon Archives series is due to be released December 2014. Continue reading for a preview of Pursued by a Dragon. 


Cathryn hurried down the muddy street, clutching her packages close to her chest. It was raining, as it had been all week — a slow steady drizzle that stole all color from the landscape and turned the road into a river of sludge, churned by horses and carriages into six inches of mud. Cathryn’s leather slippers were completely impractical for these conditions, despite the wooden pattens she had laced onto their soles, and they were covered in mud, as was the hem of her gown. She pulled her skirts up higher and carefully adjusted the packages in her arms. It was at that precise moment that a careless passerby, shoving through the unhappy throng, knocked her off balance, sending one of her parcels spilling out of her arms, straight for the mire. She grabbed at the package, but no sooner had she re-established her grasp on it, than the other tumbled from her grip. Wrapped in coarse hessian and string, it had almost reached the mud when a hand, stretching from behind, snatched the package from its sorry fate. Turning around, Cathryn slowly raised her gaze to look into a pair of blue eyes, deep as bottomless pools reflecting the wide expanse of the heavens. The man towered over her, and although most people towered over Cathryn’s five feet, two and a half inches, this man was well past six foot tall, and with a broad chest to match. Adding to the impressiveness of his figure was a head of blazing red hair, hanging loose to his shoulders. He was clean shaven, but looked every bit of what Cathryn supposed a Viking would look like. Not that she had ever seen one of the marauding barbarians, but like anyone else in town, she had heard tales of the violence and sacrilege that had been perpetrated by the invaders up and down the coastline in days gone by. She stared at him, her mouth dropping open, as she took in his features.
“Are you all right, Mistress?” the man asked her gently, the concern in his expression deepening. Cathryn blushed, suddenly aware of how rude, or stupid, she must appear to this stranger. Snapping her mouth closed, she nodded.
“Yes, thank you.” 
“Where is your attendant?” The man glanced around, his gaze searching out a careless servant, but when he found none, he turned questioning eyes back to her.
Cathryn shrugged. “I am quite unattended.” 
“It is not safe for a lady to walk these streets alone,” he responded, concern creating furrows between thick, heavy eyebrows. 
“Thank you for your concern, sir, but my safety is my own affair!” She paused for a moment to soften her tone before continuing. “Besides, it is broad daylight, and I am well known to my fellow townsmen. I do not believe they would do me harm.” 
A look of surprise crossed the man’s face at Cathryn’s sharp retort, but it quickly smoothed over, with just a hint of a grin lurking around his eyes.
“Ah, you may trust the townsmen, but what about strangers who happen within the gates? Do you trust that you are safe with them abroad? Anybody could enter the city during daylight hours — pickpockets, murderers, and ravishers of lovely maidens.” 
Tipping her head, Cathryn looked at him askance, her eyes narrowed as she regarded him for a moment. 
“Into which of these categories do you place yourself, sir? For I do not recognize your face, which indicates to me that you must be a stranger.” In bold perusal, she swept her gaze over his large form, before returning to his now grinning countenance. “You are too well dressed to be a pickpocket, and too well spoken to be a murderer, so perhaps you are a ravisher of maidens. Should I sound the alarm?” 
The man grinned appreciatively before leaning in a little closer, his voice dropping slightly.
“None of those things, Mistress. I’m only here to assist a damsel in distress.”
“Ah, a knight, then.” 
The man pulled back and met her gaze. “If that is what you wish. And my first duty as your personal knight will be to escort you to your destination.”
“No, no, sir knight. You have already performed one service for me, which is as much as a damsel can expect on any given day. So I will relieve you of my package and bid you good day.” 
Tugging the delinquent parcel from his grasp, she tucked it under her arm before glancing once more into his face. It was clear that he was not happy with her decisive dismissal, but was too much the gentleman to insist. Amused, Cathryn stepped past him to resume her journey along the muddy lane. Instead of watching the path, she kept her eyes warily on the crowds around her, but that proved to be her undoing. Stepping onto a smooth slick of mud, her foot slipped out from under her as her rear end fell towards the morass. She gasped as the packages flew from her hands, her scrabbling feet unable to find purchase on the slippery surface, but before she hit the ground strong hands caught her under the arms and unceremoniously returned to her feet. The packages did not survive the fall, and they lay in the oozing mud as people hurriedly stepped around them. She turned slowly, composing her features, and glanced up, unsurprised to see the large stranger towering above her once more. His warm hands were clamped to the top of her arms, but they fell to his sides as she looked at him. 
“How did you reach me so fast?” she asked in surprise. “Or were you following me?”
“I have fast reflexes,” he replied with a wry smile. “And I had a feeling you would need my help again!” Cathryn blushed, but did not look away.
“Thank you. But I trust I won’t need your services again.” 
The man grinned as he replied. “I wouldn’t be too sure of that. And this time I insist that you allow me to attend you to your destination.”
Cathryn opened her mouth to protest, before closing it again slowly. Perhaps it would be foolish to refuse his aid, since he had already assisted her twice, and furthermore, she thought in silent appreciation, he was a very handsome man, and his presence could be an enjoyable diversion. 
“Very well,” she said with a nod.  
“Favian Drake at your service,” he said with a small incline of his head. “And may I have the pleasure of knowing your name?”
“Cathryn Forrester,” she replied. Favian bent down to retrieve one of the packages that had become buried in the mud, and he turned it over with a frown. 
“I trust this did not contain anything of value, Mistress,” he said. “I’m afraid whatever was in here is completely ruined!”
“A package of ribbons. I will try washing them, but they are easily replaced,” she said as they turned to walk down the road, Favian walking close to Cathryn. His enormous height was a deterrent to other passers-by, who gave him a wide berth. 
“You would make a most admirable protector, sir,” Cathryn said, watching the people with interest. 
“I’m happy to offer my services,” he replied with a grin. Cathryn looked at him in amusement.
“That sounds like a proposition, sir knight. Should I be offended?” 
“No, no, of course not,” Favian replied hastily, his face momentarily aghast. Cathryn laughed at his shocked expression.
“Then I won’t take offence!” she said, laughing again at his expression of exaggerated relief. 
As they walked along, Cathryn glanced at her protector from under lowered eyes. She had no doubt that the man could hold his own in a fight, even one unevenly matched against him. Through the thin fabric of his tunic she could see that his arms were well muscled and strong. His chest was broad, but his waist was narrow, without the extra padding men often started to sport as they settled into life lived comfortably. She guessed him to be in his early thirties, and wondered whether he was settled with a wife and family. Perhaps he really was a knight, returned from crusades in distant lands, who had never had the time to marry. The man was talking again, and she looked up to meet his gaze. He was smiling as he talked, but there was a firmness around his mouth, and a tightness around his eyes, that suggested he was used to giving orders and expecting them to be followed. Someone who would stand his ground and never back down. A man who would be a loyal friend and an unrelenting enemy.
“Wouldn’t you agree, Mistress?” 
The questioning tone pulled her from her reflections as she realized that she had not heard a word of what he was saying. 
“Mmm,” she responded vaguely, determined to pay closer attention, when the sound of a yell on the other side of the street drew her notice. Turning to look, her heart sank as she took in the scene. Crawling on the ground, his knees caked in mud, a man was scrambling to collect a pile of kindling that had broken free of its bindings and scattered into the mire, while standing over him stood Geoffrey Beaumont, his hands raised as he berated the man.
“You stupid fool,” shouted Geoffrey, the sound of his voice drawing the attention of others. “You could have tripped me into the mud.” 
“I’m sorry, Master,” mumbled the laborer. “I didna see you.”
“Next time, look where you are going, you idiot, and make sure you pay attention to your betters.” 
The public display did not surprise Cathryn. Geoffrey thought little of his peers and still less of his inferiors. She could feel Favian stiffen besides her, watching the scene, and she glanced at him, catching his look of derision. He opened his mouth to make some comment, but before he could say anything, she quickly took the soggy packages from his hands.
“Thank you for your help, sir knight. It is not far from here, so I will relieve you of my company and bid you good day.” Cathryn glanced over her shoulder, relieved to see that Geoffrey still had not noticed her. 
For reasons she did not even try to understand, she did not want Favian Drake to learn that Geoffrey Beaumont was her betrothed. It was not, after all, a relationship to be ashamed of. Her betrothal to Geoffrey had been negotiated by her father and was based on a business partnership, and had little to do with personal affection. It was quickly becoming clear, however, that she was not to get her wish. Not only was Favian making no moves to leave her side, but another glance over her shoulder showed her that Geoffrey had finally seen her, and was pushing a path through the crowd towards them. A meeting was inevitable. Sighing, Cathryn turned to face Favian once more.
“You are about to meet my betrothed,” she said. For a moment Favian looked confused, but it quickly turned to a look of contempt as Geoffrey stepped before them.
“Cathryn, whatever are you doing on these ghastly streets?” Geoffrey gave her a quick glance before looking at the man at her side. Favian had taken a step closer, a strangely protective gesture that gave Cathryn a twist in her stomach. Before she could respond, Favian inclined his head towards the newcomer.
“Favian Drake at your service.” Standing so close to him, Cathryn could feel the heat rising from Favian’s skin, but his voice was cold and she shivered involuntarily.
“Favian Drake? I know that name,” said Geoffrey, his brows furrowed as he tried to place it.
“And you are …?” 
Geoffrey started in surprise before his eyes narrowed in speculation. “Geoffrey Beaumont, Mistress Cathryn’s betrothed,” he said slowly.
Favian nodded, meeting his glance for a brief moment before turning in Cathryn’s direction. His eyes lacked the warmth they had held before, while his manner was decidedly aloof. He gave her a shallow bow.
“Good day, Mistress.” Turning on his heel, he walked away without a backward glance. 
Acknowledgements
Where would we be without friends and family? Cathy, through many, many years you have always believed in me. What would I do without you to share my dreams and disappointments with? Lynn, thank you for walking this journey with me, and Belinda, your support and encouragement have meant so much! Thanks must also go to Matthew Godden, my amazing editor, who has patiently and gently helped me improve my book, and to the creative guys at Ebook Cover Design by http://www.ebooklaunch.com for my cover. And of course, my wonderful family. Claye, I cannot express enough gratitude for your support as I have chased my dreams, and Kristin and Bethany, you are the best girls in the world!
About the Author
Linda K. Hopkins lives in Calgary, Canada with her husband and two daughters. Head over to her website, www.lindakhopkins.com, to learn more about the author and find a link to a short Youtube video where she talks more about the inspiration for the book, Bound by a Dragon. Sign up for updates, and be among the first to hear when the next story about Aaron and Keira (and Anna, too) will be released. You can also follow her on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/pages/LindaKHopkins/ 
 
----------------------------------

If you enjoyed this story, then be sure to head over to my website, www.lindakhopkins.com and sign up for my newsletter so that you don't miss out on new releases. 
And more thing! Please help other people find Keira and Aaron's story by leaving a review.  Reviews are an important part of getting books into the hands of people who might not otherwise find them. Thank you.


