
Curve My Song
Book One of The Curvies

by
Sarah Gai

Copyright © 2014 Sarah Gai
All rights reserved
This is an IndieMosh book
brought to you by MoshPit Publishing
an imprint of Mosher’s Business Support Pty Ltd
PO Box 147
Hazelbrook NSW 2779
http://www.indiemosh.com.au/

First published 2014
© Sarah Gai

Smashwords Edition, Licence Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favourite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. All rights reserved. 
No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted by any person or entity, in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, scanning or by any information storage and retrieval system, without prior permission in writing from the author and publisher.

Cover by Wonderburg Creations http://wonderburg.4ormat.com/ 
.

Dedication
This book is dedicated to my own personal Curvies and my gorgeous husband who puts up with me living in la la land.

And to women of all shapes and sizes:
Just be who you are, love yourself, and let the whole world see you shine.

Contents
Dedication
Chapter One ~ Bree
Chapter Two ~ Moving
Chapter Three ~ Bree
Chapter Four ~ A Curvy Idea
Chapter Five ~ Bree
Chapter Six ~ Pimped out
Chapter Seven ~ Taylor
Chapter Eight ~ Memories
Chapter Nine ~ Bree
Chapter Ten ~ Taylor
Chapter Eleven ~ Bree
Chapter Twelve ~ Bree
Chapter Thirteen ~ Taylor
Chapter Fourteen ~ Bree
Chapter Fifteen ~ Bree
Chapter Sixteen ~ Taylor
Chapter Seventeen ~ Bree
Chapter Eighteen ~ Taylor
Chapter Nineteen ~ Bree
Chapter Twenty ~ Taylor
Chapter Twenty-One ~ Bree
Chapter Twenty-Two ~ Bree
Chapter Twenty-Three ~ Happy New Year Bree
Chapter Twenty-Four ~ Bree
Chapter Twenty-Five ~ Taylor
Chapter Twenty-Six ~ Bree
Chapter Twenty-Seven ~ Elise
Copyright Statement
Acknowledgments
Follow Sarah Gai


Chapter One ~ Bree
“Okay, okay,” I grumble, reaching my arm out, blindly trying to locate my phone, my head still nestled beneath the covers, with no intention of surfacing any time soon.
Whoever is trying to call me better have a damn good reason for doing so. I’m enjoying my sleep in, knowing I don’t have to start work until seven o’clock tonight. The phone ringing is beginning to drive me insane.
‘Ah ha!’ I finally find it hidden amongst last night’s clothes haphazardly thrown on the floor. Pulling my hand back under the covers, I answer the phone. “What?” I grumble.
“Bree, tell me you’re not still in bed?”
“Of course I’m still in bed, it’s still morning,” I snap at Elise. I’m not a morning person, never have been. It takes at least two cups of coffee to get me going and, of all people, Elise should know that. Especially if she wants me to be a little nicer right now. 
“No, honey, it’s one o’clock, and would you like me to remind you that it’s Friday?”
“Of course I know it’s Friday, I’m singing at Skyla’s tonight. Now, let me get back to sleep.” She’s still on the other end of the phone, but there’s only silence, and I know she’s waiting for something. But what?
Then it hits me.
“CRAP!” I shout, jumping out of bed, still clutching the phone to my ear. ‘Crap, crap, crap, every damn time,’ I say to myself as I’m heading to the closet.
“You said that right, she has been reminding you for two weeks that she needed you to cover Maggie’s shift,” the voice on the phone told me.
“I know, I know,” I say, grabbing my clothes and turning to run to the bathroom, knocking my thigh into the wooden post at the foot of my bed. “Crap ... every damn time,” I half scream and half sob as I limp the rest of the way.
Setting the phone down on the vanity and placing Elise on loud speaker, I hear her laugh, “You really need to get a new bed, how many times has that thigh taken a beating? Eleven?”
“Forget about the bed, Skyla is going to be pissed. Can’t you cover for me until I can get there?” I beg.
“Sorry, no can do. I’ve got clients coming to the studio today to collect some work they had commissioned.”
I don’t let her finish speaking—I just hang up, wanting to be mad at someone. Even though that someone should be me.
I finish washing my face and tie my hair into a pony tail. Throwing on a pair of jeans and a green halter top, I run to the kitchen, grab my keys and purse from the bench, race to the car and drive as fast as I can toward Skyla’s.
Skyla’s Coffee Boutique is located in Ithaca, and it is her baby. She has worked two jobs since high school to open it. Elise rented her own shop space just across the road from Skyla’s, which she has turned into her art studio.
They are doing the things that they dreamed of, things that they loved, and worked really hard to achieve.
After school, I left to go and make a name for myself in the Big Apple. Only to come home two months later, home-sick and feeling defeated.
And, for all those struggling singers and actors waiting for their big break, my hat goes off to you all.
When I finally stopped feeling like a failure, I started advertising to do local singing gigs at bars, weddings and birthdays. It’s been great.
But, unlike Skyla and Elise, I feel lost.
My life has come to a standstill. I’m twenty-eight years old, and I love our little town. But what’s next?
As I continue to drive along, I think back to how we came to live here and how we came to be called “The Curvies.” My mind takes a trip down memory lane.


Chapter Two ~ Moving
The Curvies, as we are known, was made up by none other than Elise, Skyla and I.
How did we meet?
Well, that’s easy. Our mothers, of course.
They were all best friends who grew up on the same street, going to the same school and all from single parent families. As adults, they were still best friends, living on the same street, all single (well mostly) and all expecting their own bundles of joy.
I was born first, followed by Elise two weeks later, and only three days after that, Skyla joined our expanding girls-only club. Since we were all born in February, our mothers constantly reminded us we were a Valentine’s gift given from above. Who needed a man when they were given the only true love they would ever need? So, every birthday was celebrated together on Valentine’s Day. And, not surprisingly, our mothers never had dates. Which also meant that, growing up, neither did we, as it had become a girls-only day of celebration.
We spent the first thirteen years of our lives growing up in Madison, Wisconsin. And just like our mothers, we were all best friends, living on the same street, going to the same school and all from single parent families (well mostly). The game of true love was obviously not in the stars for our mothers. And believe me when I say they had all tried. The majority of the first dates ended without a second in sight.
Not wanting us to travel down that same road and with nothing keeping them in Madison anymore, they decided that a new start in a new town would be just what was needed.
Selling everything worth anything: their homes, inherited properties and cars, they pooled the proceeds and life savings all together, bought a minivan, and we set off for the beautiful town of Seneca Falls, N.Y.
The little town along the Finger Lakes region was a place our mothers once visited when they were younger. As it was the only family holiday they had as girls, they had promised each other that, one day, they would return to it with their own children. And when we’re teenagers, they did.
Two weeks later and still calling a local hotel home, our mothers finally found, “The One.” Driving up to the no through road, we came to the end, and to the right we saw a dirt drive with a sign reading “Hidden Comfort B&B.”
Turning onto the dusty road, we were surrounded by tall trees lining our path that were so large and lush they gave you the feel of driving into another world. In this setting of privacy and seclusion, my anticipation rose by the minute. No longer wanting to be kept in suspense, my prayers were answered when we reached the track’s end.
Before my eyes was a thing of beauty—nothing short of magnificent. Standing in all its glory, was a huge two-story Victorian house.
It was painted white all over with blue trim, and had shutters adorning every window. A porch wound its way all around the house, and a second story balcony let you admire the lake that was twinkling just beyond the tree line. Complementing the house were manicured lawns, flower beds and a waterfall pond, complete with walking bridge. This place really was in a world of its own.
Still in awe, my mind started to wander in spite of the fantasy land around me, and I wondered where we would reside. As I started to look around, trying to see if there was perhaps another house, I was shuffled back into the car. Continuing to follow the dirt road that curved its way around the back of the house, we continued to drive another two minutes through more trees that lined either side of the track until we stopped in front of a locked gate. On either side of the entrance stood seven foot tall hedges that spread out and around, acting as a fence. An old wooden sign stood erect above the gate. On it were written the words, “Hidden Comfort Cabins.”
Jumping out of the van, I ran to unlock the padlock with the keys mom had handed me, she drove the car in and once again stopped.
Meeting Elise and Skyla as they were getting out, we all stood there speechless, taking in our surroundings. In front of us stood six fully self-contained cabins, all replicas of one another.
Our mothers informed us that this is what had sold them on the property. Now that we were teenagers, they thought we could use the privacy of our own little dwellings without being more than a few steps from them or each other.
We all started jumping and squealing, running for the cabins that we could claim for our own. When I walked into my little one-bedroom abode, I spun around, giddily accepting that this was our new home, our new life, and I was on top of the world.
Within a week, we were all moved in and set up.
Susie, Skyla’s mom, was put in charge of running the B&B, while my mother, Gail, and Elise’s mother, Elena, set about starting up a cleaning company. Within a month, they had already gained several cleaning contracts to maintain holiday rentals, and things were starting to run along. We started school, discovered our passions, and, might I say, gracefully entered womanhood to become the women we are today. Ha! Okay, so I still have a lot to learn, but this is my memory, right?


Chapter Three ~ Bree
Forty-five minutes later, I rush through the front door of the shop. Tables and sofa seats are filled with customers, and people are lining up at the counter to place or pay for their orders.
I see Skyla running around, trying her best to keep pace, and looking flustered. Throwing my things under the counter top, I make my way to the cash register and begin working.
When Skyla sees that I have finally arrived, a look of anger and frustration floods her face. After staring me down for what felt like hours (okay, like ten seconds), the ‘I’m-so-mad-at-you’ face is suddenly transformed into a look of relief as she drops her shoulders and breathes a sigh.
For the next two hours it is crazy busy. There was no time to stop, and I was beginning to run on fumes, longing desperately for my own cup of coffee. While Skyla prepared all the drinks and ran the inside tables, I continued taking the orders and running the tables outside in the garden terrace.
Summer holidays had come to an end a week ago, but Skyla’s is always busy. Tourists and locals alike are drawn time and time again to this place, and who could blame them?
Without a moment to even notice the time, I was happily surprised when four o’clock comes around and in walks the weekend staff, much to my relief.
Every Friday and Saturday night, the cafe is open until midnight. Live music is played outside on the terrace where twinkle lights hang and candles in glass jars set the mood.
It is the kind of place you want to go after a long week and relax, chat, have a glass of wine and just enjoy life. With its vintage, rustic feel, well, it felt like a home away from home. And the entertainment is the highlight, of course, being me.
“Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage, the ever-lovely and talented Bree Carson!” Clapping and cheering fill my head.
‘Yeah, I wish,’ I giggle at the fantasy in my head.
Handing the reins over to the night staff, Skyla and I head upstairs to the office/one bedroom apartment Skyla calls her home away from home. She walks over to her desk/kitchen table, as I make my way to the cast iron day bed and fall face down into the twenty-odd cushions scattered on it. My feet thank me for the respite.
Rolling onto my side, resting my head on my hand, I look over at Skyla heading to the bathroom, kicking off her shoes as she walks, both flying in different directions. She stops, stands there for a few seconds, then makes a sharp left toward the front door.
Opening it up, she sticks her head out and calls down, “Can somebody bring up a large coffee and a caramel latte, please?”
“Sure thing,” one of the staff hollers back up.
Skyla turns to look at me, and before she can say anything, I jump in. “Skyla, I am soooo sorry. I swear I didn’t do this on—” before I can finish, she silences me by holding up her hand.
Walking over to her stereo, she picks up a disc sitting on top and places it in the player, presses play, and continues toward the bathroom.
“Count on Me” by Bruno Mars comes on, and I sit there, listening, trying to understand what she’s trying to tell me.
There is a knock at the door, and Skyla reappears to answer it. With a smile and a thank you, she takes both cups and strolls on over to sit down next to me.
She passes me the coffee and, before taking a sip of her own she says, “I’m guessing you didn’t have time for your coffee fix before coming in today?” Looking at me from the corner of her eye.
“I really am sorry,” I sigh. “And I’m not sure how to interpret that song. Are you saying that you love and forgive me? Or that you’re dependable and I’m not?” I query.
“Both,” she laughs. “I can’t say I wasn’t angry, Bree, because you knew I needed you today. But, in saying that, when you did arrive, you worked really hard. So ... thank you.”
Placing my cup down on the side table, I throw myself backwards falling between the cushions again. “What’s wrong with me, Skyla? Why can’t I get my crap together? I love you and Elise, I love living here, and I love that I get to sing as a job. But… something is missing,” I say, throwing my arm over my eyes.
I hear Skyla place her cup down, then the bed dips in a little as she lays down next to me. Reaching over, she takes the arm from my eyes and places my hand in hers. Looking at me with those honest, blue eyes, she says, “Bree, you are one of the greatest people I know, with a beautiful heart. And, although your time management skills need improving,” she laughs, “you have always been there for me. Especially through ...” She can’t finish it, and I won’t make her. Shaking her head, her long brown and blonde-streaked hair goes flying around her face and a smile appears, bringing back a lighter mood. “Anyway, what I’m trying to get to is that things have to change, sweetie. You have to start letting someone into that heart of yours. You’re lonely for that someone, that’s what’s missing. Start figuring out what you want for the future, get organized, and finally start setting that thing called an ‘alarm clock.’ Our mothers aren’t here right now, and you’re not a child anymore,” she chuckles. 
Sitting back up, she turns and looks down at me, a cheeky little grin showing. “But, if you want to be treated like a child, my sexy little Curvy, I can oblige.” Then she tackles me, pinning me down, and tickling me silly, with me screaming, and her giggling.
And that reminds me. I’m sure I was going to explain how we came to be known as The Curvies.


Chapter Four ~ A Curvy Idea
The Curvies as we came to be known began when we were sixteen.
With Skyla’s ever-growing list of committee groups and after school tutoring lessons, and Elise spending all her waking moments hanging out with Charlie. Either playing computer games or sketching whatever subject or object had captured her interest, and me being a part of the local choir and theatre group, we actually found it hard to make time for each other.
So, we decided that, Sunday nights, we would have a quality time date night. Movies and fast food were a must, followed by updates of our latest adventures or activities, and the date usually ended with one of us sharing the local gossip.
Skyla and I loved watching Grease and always voted on that to be the movie we wanted to watch. With two against one, poor Elise, who didn’t want to watch Grease repeatedly, had to endure Skyla and me singing every song and repeating every word of the dialogue. I must say I have a new-found respect for Elise for putting up with the craziness of the two of us.
Anywaaay ... one date night after our usual gorge on junk food, when we were lounging around and groaning from over indulging, Skyla came up with one of her random ideas. “I think we should totally give our little trio a really cool name, you know, like ‘The Pink Ladies.’”
“Hey, that sounds like a great idea. We could call ourselves ‘The Chunky Chicks’ or ‘The Big Beautiful Babes,’ Elise laughs, not thinking that Skyla could really be serious about this.
We had all started filling out over the last two years. No thanks to our unhealthy appetites and our lack of love for exercise. I was all hips, while Elise was all boobs and butt. Skyla, well she was a beautiful plump goddess who carried it well all over.
We were never teased. Actually, quite the opposite (I know, weird right?). Skyla was popular with everyone. Elise had almost every boy in school checking out her ... assets, and I carried my own. Swaying my hips and walking with an air of confidence, I had my fair share of admirers. Although the girls sometimes complained about their weight, I secretly loved my curves. Curves? Curvy? Curvies? ‘It has a nice ring to it,’ I thought to myself. So, deciding to just put it out there, I spoke up, “Hey, what about The Curvies? You know, like people could say, ‘Hey, anyone seen the Curvies’? or ‘There go the Curvies looking fabulous, as always,’” I chuckle.
“Ooohhhhh! I LOVE IT,” Skyla squeals, jumping up and down on the arm of the chair. “And we should totally have a song too. Something just for us,” she adds, starting to get a little wild with the bouncing. If she’s not careful, she’s going to fall off. Let me rephrase what I just said. Skyla most certainly did fall off the chair with a huge thump to the floor.
Elise and I burst into loud fits of laughter and slide down to join Skyla on the floor. Sitting up and trying to gain her composure, Skyla bites her lip, looking a little embarrassed.
“Okay, maybe I put a little too much enthusiasm into the clapping.” We were still laughing, unable to stop. So Skyla joins on in, thinking about how hilarious she must have looked.
“Yes, to ‘The Curvies’ and no to the song,” Elise laughs while trying to sit up, “That’s as far as I will agree to go.”
“Together through thick or thick, we are, ‘The Curvies,’” Skyla sings. 
“To The Curvies!’” We shout back.
By the following week, Skyla had told the whole school. Let me rephrase again, the whole town, that we were now known as ‘The Curvies.’ And yes, much to Elise’s protest, Skyla gave us a song. Knowing how much Elise and I loved Mariah Carey (although Elise was in the closet about it—she picked “Anytime You Need a Friend.” After that, Skyla would leave all sorts of songs in our stereo on pause, with a note taped over the top reading “PLAY,” always telling us that “sometimes nothing can express how you feel better than playing a song for someone written by someone who cared enough to explain a scene or emotion.”
So, over the years, that’s what we did. We left songs on stereos, in cars, and now, by phone.
Whether it’s to explain how we feel or just to brighten up each other’s day, it keeps us connected.
And that is the story of how we came to be named, The Curvies.
“To The Curvies!”
Now, let’s get back to the present.


Chapter Five ~ Bree
After wrestling with Skyla and finally escaping the tickle-Bree attack with my pants still dry, I get up to leave, wanting to run home and change into something more suitable for singing tonight.
“I’m heading home to change into something a little more appropriate. I promise I will be back on time, pinkie swear,” I let Skyla know.
Skyla jumps off the day bed and comes running over to stand in front of me. “Whoops, silly me, I almost forgot to tell you. You’re not working for me tonight,” she informs me, looking coy.
“Okay ... that’s ... fine. I’ll just head on home and see what Elise is up to.” I shrug, trying not to let it show that I’m feeling a little hurt. Maybe she’s still mad at me for turning up late?
“Actually, I kinda told the new owner of the bar down the road that you could run the karaoke for him tonight. Help him out of a last minute pickle.”
“First of all, who is this person? Have I met him? And I’m a little annoyed you’re only just telling me now, two hours before I was supposed to start work for you.” 
I cross my arms and start tapping my foot. It’s something that I do when I’m annoyed or amused, so, yes, when I’m around the girls, I do it a lot.
“Okay, to answer your questions, yes, you know Taylor. The bar is called The Alley Cat, and I’m only telling you now because well ... I forgot. So, do you remember Taylor?” Skyla finishes, still giving me that coy smile and biting her bottom lip.
My mouth has been hanging open since she said the name ‘Taylor.’ My throat has gone dry and, CRAP, I really need some water. And a chair. And someone to knock some sense back into me. Crap, Taylor Cole, too cute Taylor, high school I-got-it-bad-for-him-total-crush Taylor Cole.
Oh, I knew him alright.
I haven’t spoken to Taylor since prom night. Sure, I’ve seen him on occasion, when he’s come home to see his dad. But he never saw me. Usually, I was ducking for the nearest bush or hiding behind anything in close range if I spotted him. I knew he was living in New York and had become a pretty successful business owner thanks to Alex always returning to town every week or so to see Skyla. I knew Taylor was still close to Alex and Charlie being that they all lived in close proximity to one another. I never let my interest show around them, but my ears sure did perk up.
It’s been ten years and even thinking about him is causing the butterflies in my stomach to flutter. I can’t see him, what would I say after so long?
“Hello. Earth to Bree. Are you there?” Skyla says, waving her arms in front of my face and bringing me out of my thoughts.
“I can’t ... I ... I suddenly don’t feel too well,” I say rubbing my stomach and feigning sickness. 
“What’s wrong, sweetie? Have those pesky little butterflies returned? I know how much you liked him Bree ... and I know how much he liked you. “
“What’s your point, Skyla?”
“My point is that I think you’re afraid you’re going to see Taylor, sleep with him and fall madly in love with him.” Skyla wraps her arms around her torso, hugging herself, closing her eyes, and making kiss noises.
I give her arm a little shove, sending her off balance. Thank God that it stopped her from continuing, with that one person make out display she was putting on.
“Look, it’s not like you’ve been serious with anyone. And didn’t you just break it off with David last week? He lasted, what, six months? And the only reason he lasted that long is because you didn’t have feelings for him.”
Ah, yes, David. Another really nice guy. Another unfortunate casualty in the dating Bree game. And, yes, there have been a few. Even though I’ve had feelings for some, even David, there has never been that thing ... that spark. “First of all, I did have feelings for David, just not intense ‘I want to spend the rest of my life with you’ feelings. And, second of all, I will not sleep with Taylor Cole. Give me a little credit, would you.”
“Sure you won’t.” She rolls her eyes at me.
“I won’t. Want to make a bet?” I challenge, hands on my hips, looking at her in all seriousness. 
“Okay, let’s make a bet.” Skyla gives me mischievous look. “Let’s see. Hmmm ...” she thinks, tapping her fingers on her chin, before looking straight at me with a huge grin, “okay, if you sleep with Taylor before your wedding day, you have to work for me full time for six months. Monday to Friday, minimum wage. That means seven o’clock starts. And, if you win, you get to sing here every Friday night for six months and I’ll pay you triple your usual fee.”
Wow, she must really think I’m going to lose. Triple. Wow. 
“Deal?” she asks, holding out her hand.
“Deal,” I reply and I shake it.
How could I turn that down? Like I’m going to marry Taylor. Sometimes Skyla has some far out ideas and, who knows, with all his other clubs, who’s to say he’s gonna be in town long? But, for now, my hoo hoo is closed for business.
“Great, now get home, my sexy Curvy, and get dressed for tonight, he’s expecting you at seven.” She pushes me out the door. When I’m halfway down the stairs, Skyla calls out, “Bree!” 
I turn around to see her standing there, arms crossed and tapping her foot, “Bree, please don’t act like you’re that upset about this.”
“Well, I am,” I bite, smiling as I say it.
“Puhhleeaassee, you totally love him.”
“Do not.”
“Do too.”
Damn, she’s good. I remember saying that to someone else. When was that? Oh, that’s right.
Let me tell you about it on the drive home.


Chapter Six ~ Pimped out
“You guys, I cannot believe it’s almost graduation,” Skyla squeals as she drops onto the lounge chair.
“I can, and I personally cannot wait to be done with that place. School sucks a big one,” Elise replies around a mouth full of pizza. “And please stop with the squealing. Jeez, Skyla, you’ll give me a headache”.
“Sorry, sometimes I forget that you’re such an intense, tortured soul of an artist,” Skyla smirks back at her.
“Nah, she’s just a grumpy bitch. Lighten up Elise,” I say, cocking my head to the side and sticking my tongue out at her, making Skyla giggle again.
“Anyway ... while we’re on the topic of the year coming to an end, I still have so much to organize and finish for prom committee. And ... I’ve signed you both up for decorating duties, along with Alex and Charlie, and I don’t want any excuses,” Skyla finishes, all the while glaring at us, just waiting for us to grumble about it.
It was really hard to say no to Skyla. She was a sweetie. Always kind and inviting. And regardless of whether you were popular or not, when you spoke to her, she would give you her undivided attention and try to help in any way. Even if you took all of those qualities away, she had a smile that was so infectious you just couldn’t say no—it was her secret weapon and she knew how to use it.
Of course, Alex was going to help her out. He would do anything she asked, and they were practically attached to each other when she wasn’t with us, always just remaining friends, but I knew she liked him a little more than that. Who could blame her? He was a gorgeous hunk of a young man.
“Skyla, I understand how Alex wouldn’t refuse, but pray tell me how on Earth you lured Charlie into volunteering?” I query. Charlie wasn’t the volunteering type. When he wasn’t working on his bike, he was absorbed in his computer or watching sports. Definitely not the type to be working on making prom night look pretty. Charlie lived down the road from us, next door to Alex and, apart from being neighbors, they were also cousins. Looks definitely ran in that family.
Skyla, now sitting on the arm of the chair, looks down toward her lap, head tilted slightly as she sheepishly eyed Elise through her lashes. “Well ... ummm ... I may have told Charlie that, aaahhhh, Elise would be really impressed and definitely go to prom with him,” she rushes through that last part and closes her eyes tight, waiting for it.
“YOU PIMPED ME OUT FOR PROM COMMITEE?” Elise shouts. “I hope this is a joke? This is a joke, right?” Elise stands up and walks over to where Skyla still sits, eyes still tightly closed, not ready to confront the wrath that is being projected at her. Turning to me, Elise throws her arms up, “Bree, tell her she can’t do this. I’m not a pawn to be played with, I mean, seriously Skyla, what were you thinking?”
“I was thinking that I needed all the help I could get,” Skyla answers.
“Bree,” Elise looks at me in exasperation, begging for help all the while pointing at Skyla. What could I say? I was actually finding this little outburst amusing.
“Skyla,” I did say, “you shouldn’t have pimped her out ... and Elise,” I cross my arms, tap my foot, and smile at her, “please don’t act like you’re that upset about this.”
“Well, I am,” she bites out.
“Puuhhllleeeesse, you totally love him.”
“Do not.”
“Do too.”
Skyla finally raises her head and interjects, “Oh yes, you totally love him and he loves you, too. I know these things,” Skyla adds, grinning and nodding up and down. Placing her hands in front of her as if she is about to pray, she finished, “Please, Elise, don’t be mad at me, I just really need your help, PLLLEEAASSSEE.”
After what felt like hours (okay, so it was like a whole two minutes) watching Elise standing there, sliding one foot back and forth across the carpet, she finally threw her hands up and gave us both that rare, but beautiful smile. “Fine, I’ll do it,” she said, “and, yes, I kinda do like him. But you both already know that, huh?”
“Um, hello, of course we know that. You two are, like, always together,” I say, rolling my eyes, mouth slack, giving her my best ‘duh’ look. “It doesn’t take a genius to figure out.”
“How is that any different from Skyla and Alex?” Elise said, “They pretty much finish each other’s sentences.”
“We do not,” Skyla piped up, “we’re just really good friends.”
The girls continue to banter back and forth, so I quickly change the topic, knowing, if I don’t, someone is going to get upset real soon. That’s the thing with all of us—we really hate to face the truth about what everyone else around us can already see.
To finish, prom came, and Skyla went with Brad. They were on top of the world that night, being crowned king and queen. Thanks to Skyla pimping out Elise, she and Charlie had started dating two months earlier when he had asked her out after a prom committee decoration and theme meeting. Me, well I decided to go stag. Although I had been asked by a few, the one guy I wanted to go with never asked.
But, that night, I discovered the world’s greatest kiss does exist.
And, tonight, I’m going to be seeing that man, the one every other suitor has never measured up to. Oh, Lord help me.


Chapter Seven ~ Taylor
In another hour or so, the patrons are going to start wandering in and fill the bar. By ten o’clock, it’s going to be body-to-body jammed.
Getting a head start on a night that is sure to keep us on our feet, I get busy on making sure that the bar is fully stocked. Writing a list of what I need to bring out of the storeroom, I turn my back away from the counter and check for the liquor we need topped up.
“Excuse me, I’m looking for a very cute bar owner willing to help out a damsel in distress. Do you know any?”
A smile spreads across my face. Without even turning around, I know that sweet voice. But I do turn around, and, with a cocky grin, I step toward her and lean on the bar. Inches from her face I say, “Sorry, miss, no cute bar owner here. But there is a very sexy owner, who I have been told has a very nice backside, at your service, if he will do?” Then I reach over, landing a kiss on her forehead.
Almost jumping over the bar, Skyla wraps her arms around my shoulders and squeezes. “OMG, I have missed you so much, Taylor Cole,” she squeals into my ear, before letting me go and punching me in the arm. “Don’t you ever take off for that long again. Do you hear me?” She pokes me in the chest.
“I hear you, and, well, it looks like I’m here for good. As you well know from our recent phone conversations,” I assure her.
“Taylor, I’m going to get a little serious on you right now. When Alex told me about your sister passing away at the start of this year and then your dad, it broke my heart. But what broke it even more was that I wasn’t there for you. You didn’t call to let any of us know. Why?”
Losing my sister and dad within a few weeks of each other left a huge, gaping hole in me. My mother passed away when I was only three, so I didn’t remember the pain of losing someone I loved. But losing them was the hardest thing I’ve had to endure. “I’m honestly not sure why, Skyla. I just didn’t want to burden you all,” I tell her.
“Hah, typical male pride. Not going to cut it now that you’re home, Taylor. You know that, right?” 
“Well, my sweet Curvy, I’m home to stay. So, yes, I know, and it will be great to catch up, like the old times.”
“I just wish you had never left.”
“You know why I left Skyla,” I reply looking at her and taking her hands, placing them in both of mine.
We both lean on the bar, neither one ready to speak of the past.
Looking to my left, out the front window, I see a man casually strolling back and forth. Waiting. A man I would recognize anywhere. “I see Henry is still following you around,” I direct toward Skyla.
She does a little wave, as if it’s nothing “Yep, he still escorts me to and from home and hangs near the shop most days. But he’s nowhere near as protective. If I’m with one of the girls or Alex, he’s off doing his own thing. Besides, I have a feeling things around here are going to change real soon.” Skyla turns and gives Henry a little wave, which he happily acknowledges with a quick nod. 
“Okay, so let’s get back to helping this damsel in distress.”
“Oooohhhh, yes that’s me, but I’m not really in distress. I’ve come to offer a trade,” she bites at her lower lip, a classic sign for Skyla that’s she nervous or up to something. She’s trying not to smile, so I’m leaning toward up to something.
“I’m listening,” I say, quirking an eyebrow at her.
“Well, I was hoping to have Chris on acoustic tonight. And, in trade, you could have Bree run the karaoke.”
‘Yes, yes, yes,’ I shout inside my head. Since I’ve been home, I have been hoping for a way to run into her, without seeming obvious. But dear, sweet, loveable, sneaky Skyla is doing it for me. “What are you up to, Skyla?” I ask, barely maintaining a straight face.
“Nothing you don’t want to do yourself, Taylor. I’m just moving it along a little faster, is all.” 
“My sweet Curvy girl, I think I’m in love with you,” I say, a big grin now plastered on my face. 
“Nope, not me, but here’s your chance to let the right Curvy know,” she giggles.    
Hopping off the barstool to go, she leans over and takes my hand again. “There may be resistance from her along the way. Don’t give up, I’ve got your back every step, okay?” she assures me. “And don’t forget to tell Chris he’s working for me tonight,” she winks.
“Are you stopping by tonight? I know you don’t work Fridays.”
“Sure am. Elise, Mike, and I will be here.”
“Mike?” I query
“Yeah, he’s a guy I’m kinda seeing.” But there’s no real smile when she says it.
“You know, Alex is back in town for a while and he’s supposed to be dropping by here.” 
“He told me he was driving back in tonight. Is he bringing the latest girlfriend with him? What’s her name, Kitty?”
I laugh, hmmm, ‘do I detect jealousy?’ “It was Kat, and, no, he broke it off with her. Not the right woman, I think he said.”
“Oh well, maybe the right one is just around the corner,” she replies as she walks out the door. 
“No, my sweet Curvy, she’s right in front of him,” I whisper to myself. Watching her stroll away with Henry by her side, I can’t help think about the past. There are some things you want to forget, but seeing Henry brings certain memories to the surface.
Who’s Henry, you’re wondering?
Let me take you back ten years and give you a brief glimpse.


Chapter Eight ~ Memories
Back in high school, I was best friends with Brad Maldrell. We had grown up together, living in Seneca Falls our whole lives. Brad, Alex, Charlie and I were all teammates on the school soccer team. Although we were all close friends once, during senior year Brad stopped wanting to hang with us. I knew that he liked Skyla—he was always talking about her. Never understanding why she didn’t want to go out with him, I think he began to hate Alex for just being around her.
We had all been pretty popular back in the day and Brad had his fair pick of girls. But the one girl who wasn’t interested in him drove him crazy with want. When he had asked Skyla to go to prom with him and she had said yes, he was over the moon. All he could talk about from that point on is how great it was going to be, what an unforgettable night he had planned, one none of us would ever forget.
The night of prom, I noticed that Brad was a little off. For most of the year, he had seemed down and brooding. When I would try and broach the subject with him, he would just say that school was getting to him and change the topic of conversation. I thought maybe things weren’t good at home, but he wouldn’t tell me if that was the problem.
But, prom night, he just seemed happy, too happy, and, yes, I know he was there with the girl of his dreams, who wouldn’t be happy right? I can’t really say what gave me that uneasy feeling, but it was there. I said nothing, keeping it to myself and continued on with the evening.
I decided to go prom alone after hearing that the girl I was crushing on was also going alone, by choice. Tonight was the night I was going to make my move, win or lose, this was my chance and there was no backing down.
While Skyla and Brad started to do the winner’s waltz, I made my way over to where the voluptuous Bree Carson was standing, smiling at her best friend dancing. I asked her to dance, taking her hand and leading her onto the middle of the floor, where other couples had now started making their way back to. Dancing with her that night was a monumental moment for me, one I had dreamed about for most of high school.
As the song ended, I went in for the grand finale, just hoping she would kiss me and not slap my face. Fireworks went off in my head when Bree reciprocated, wrapping her arms around my neck and pulling me in closer. It was the greatest kiss of my life and, to this day, no kiss has come close to what I felt when I was with her in that moment.
I don’t remember how many songs had come and gone by the time I reluctantly left Bree’s lips. But it was like, instantly, something didn’t sit right in my gut. Looking around, I couldn’t spot Brad or Skyla anywhere, and I knew I had to find them.
I told Bree that I would be back soon, and ran to find Alex to ask if he had seen them. When I finally caught up with him, he told me that Skyla had wanted to go home, that she was tired and Brad was dropping her off, then heading to the after party. I knew Alex wasn’t happy with the whole Skyla-Brad thing, but I didn’t have time to stop and talk. Something was telling me I had to leave and find them NOW.
Jumping in my car, I took off in the direction of Skyla’s house, beating myself up for not acting earlier. But I was too late.
Brad had crashed his car into a tree and died.
The police report showed that they had found alcohol in his system.
What brought back this memory? Why am I telling you about Brad?
That man who was standing outside the shop window, the one shadowing Skyla. Well. That’s Brad’s father, Henry, and, since that night, he’s never been the same, never really recovered from the event.
Pulling myself away from the memories, I get back to what I was doing, getting ready for tonight, the people, the music, THE GIRL.


Chapter Nine ~ Bree
I get back home in record time. Walking through the door, I throw my keys and purse on the sofa and continue my pace straight to the bathroom. After taking the world’s fastest shower, applying makeup, and straightening my hair, I run to the closet.
This is where I spend the longest amount of time. I’m pretty sure I go through every article of clothing twice, trying to decide what to wear. Wanting to look sexy but casual, giving the impression it took no effort to look this good. I finally settle on a black halter top, blue floral knee length skirt and my black calf boots.
Taking a final look in the mirror—making maybe one or two little poses—I’m satisfied with what I see. Once again, I run out the door and make my way back to Ithaca, to The Alley Cat. 
The drive back really gives me time to think about what Skyla had said today. She was right, I do need to make a change, get organized, start being responsible for my own future, and take care of myself.
My mother, Gail, had been like my very own personal assistant these last few years. Okay, my whole life. She does stuff like organizing my home, remembering appointments, and handling bookings and special dates. She even goes to the extra effort of having my first cup of coffee waiting for me every morning. Wow, looking back I think, ‘DIVA MUCH?’
Last year, our mothers decided it was time for them to see more of the world. With businesses fully staffed and running successfully, they took off for a two-year trip around Europe. Right now, they are in Greece, intending to move on to Italy when the time feels right, promising to come home for a visit or two if necessary. Without a man to hold her back, my mom is finally doing all the things she dreamed of.
Did I mention she was once married?
Yep, I had a father once, well, if you could call him that. For almost twelve years, he came and left as he pleased; only staying mere weeks at a time, until he found a new woman to shack up with. Sometimes, he would be gone for as long as two years, always returning and telling my mother that she was the one constant love he could rely on. Stupidly, every time she would take him back, thinking that this time it would be different.
After his last disappearing and reappearing act, Mom finally had enough, telling him to get out and never come back. She divorced him, and that’s when the move to Seneca Falls was set in motion. Have I seen him since? Nope. Do I care? Unfortunately, I don’t.
Having watched my mother look heartbroken and used for all those years really caused me to erect a wall around my heart, only letting in a select few. It’s worked well up until now. But, if I don’t start letting people in, how am I ever going to change? Will I end up alone? I wanted to spend more time pondering those questions swimming around in my mind. There was no time to do that right now as I pull in and park the car behind the bar.
Closing the driver’s side door, I make my way toward the back door of the bar. Holding the handle, I have to take a moment to compose myself.
‘Just breathe, just breathe,’ I continue to repeat to myself, suffering with that fluttery feeling in my stomach again. I finally convince myself to stop being so stupid, that it was just Taylor, and make my way inside.
Walking past the stage and seeing it was set up and ready to go gives me a slight bit of relief, so I continue heading toward the bar.
With every step, my mind is trying to convince me that this is not a good idea. I feel sick, can’t do this, nope, I definitely don’t want to do this. I turn and start heading the way I came in, straight for the back door, thankful I still haven’t seen Taylor. 
“Bree,” a voice stops me in my tracks. Slowly, I turn my head around and see Taylor making his way toward me. Our eyes lock on each other and I can’t move, can’t even turn my body to face him.
Taylor walks around to stand in front of me, blocking my escape route at the same time.
“Bree Carson, well, well, looking as beautiful as ever, I see,” Taylor compliments, while his eyes scan me up and down.
“Taylor Cole, looking pretty good yourself,” I reply, trying to seem as if I’m not affected by the man standing in front of me. I’m thinking, hot, sexy, want to take you right now dirty thoughts. I chastise myself—this is not where my thoughts need to be right now. 
Taylor flashes me his wide, perfect smile. Yummy. I realize I’m still staring at him. This beautiful man has got me in some kind of trance. Ten years on, and he still renders me speechless and doe-eyed. ‘Crap every damn time,’ I say to myself.
He is running his hands through his hair unconsciously, and I see that he still keeps it cut fairly short. His brown hair is messily spiked with a bit of gel. But, as I move on down, it’s his piercing blue eyes that cause me to go weak. Crap. I can’t take it, I have to get away before I go all gaga on him, and start acting like some lovesick teenage version of myself.
“Look, I would really love to stay and chat, Taylor, but I better get to work or the boss might not pay me,” I laugh, as I place a hand on his arm. Okay, totally should not have done that, as I now cannot convince my hand to pull back. No, my hand just gives his bicep a little squeeze. I am mortified by this hand’s behavior.
Taylor looks down and continues to smile as he takes my hand in his before saying, “I’m sure the boss will still pay you, but, you’re right. Let’s get the music started, and we will most definitely catch up later.” 
Gently, he kisses the palm of my hand before placing it down by my side. Watching him walk back toward the bar, I am finally able to think again. I turn right and head toward the stage, purposely swaying my hips with a little more swing in them, just hoping he may be looking.
As I start the music up, I look over at Taylor, who is busy talking to some of his staff and think, ‘This is going to be a very long night.’


Chapter Ten ~ Taylor
The night is in full swing. People have filed in and filled the bar to capacity, the noise level is loud, and drinks can’t be served quickly enough. All in all, it’s your typical, crazy Friday night.
I can see Skyla, Alex and Elise sitting in the booth closest to the stage. They’re having fun chatting and laughing, and soon I’ll head on over and catch up with them. Right now, though, all I want to do is stare at Bree. She’s gorgeous, the lights bouncing off her red hair, her sexy full lips smiling away up there takes my breath away.
Bree was beautiful back in school, but now there are no words adequate to describe her beauty. Watching her swing her womanly curved hips to the music stirs something inside of me. Something I felt for her a decade ago and tried to bury away all this time. I don’t know how she feels about me after all these years, but that’s not going to stop me. I know I want her in my future.
The clock strikes ten and I decide that, with enough staff on tonight, I will go catch up with Alex and the girls.
Heading toward their booth, I look toward the stage. Skyla and Elise are up there doing their karaoke rendition of “It’s Tricky” by Run DMC, and they’re pretty good. In true Curvy style, instead of doing their best rapper moves, Skyla is waving her arms around like she belongs on the stage at Woodstock. Elise is on her knees playing air guitar, and the crowd is eating it up. All I can do is shake my head as I slide in next to Alex, who doesn’t even realize I’m there.
Alex, in love sick puppy mode, is busy staring at Skyla like she’s the only person who deserves his attention in this world. And I’m starting to understand the feeling.
I give him a little shove with my shoulder, and he turns toward me. With a huge grin, he raises his hand and gives me a friendly slap on the back. At six feet, I’m no small guy. Standing at six feet and eight inches, Alex is like a tank. And I swear that friendly slap on the back just knocked the air right out of me.
“Taylor, it’s about time you joined the party,” Alex shouts at me over the music. “How’s it feel to be back?”
“I’m beginning to like it more and more by the minute,” I wink and nod my head toward Bree.
“I bet you are, noticed you been staring at her all night,” Alex bellows out before taking a swig of his drink.
Before I get a chance to continue my conversation with Alex, Skyla and Elise come running back to the table. Skyla slides in next to Alex, while Elise screams, “TAYLOR!” as she lands on my lap, wrapping her arms around my neck and showering kisses all over my face.
I realize I may need to tell my staff to stop serving her alcoholic drinks after she slurs, “You are a major douche bag for leaving us. The only hottie I’ve had to look at all these years is Alex, and he’s not interested,” she pouts.
“Sorry, my feisty Curvy, I’m back now. But, unfortunately, I’m going to break your heart, because I am pursuing another.”
“Good, break my heart all you want. It’s about time someone got into hers,” she grins.
Looking onto the stage, I notice Bree looking at us. Elise turns to look at Bree and blows her a kiss. Returning her focus toward me, she says, “She’s jealous, so my job is done.” 
Climbing off my lap, she starts to walk off, then takes a step back and leans down to shout in my ear, “Taylor, if you break her heart, I will hurt you,” before kissing my cheek and disappearing in the crowd.
Elise was outwardly protective of the Curvies and anyone who has had the pleasure of meeting the feisty woman knows that the girls mean everything to her. She was also really good at pranks, so I won’t be trying to get on her bad side anytime soon.
Bree decides to finish the first half of the night by singing, “The Best” by Tina Turner. She’s spectacular, and I’m captured by her voice until some idiot comes running toward the table and distracts me from the beauty on stage. 
He unsuccessfully tries to slide across half the table in a move that should only involve the hood of a car and a stunt man. Drinks fly in all directions, Skyla and Alex wear most of the liquor, and glasses smash on the floor. The guy doesn’t even seem remorseful about the mess he just caused, and he sits down next to Skyla, wrapping his arm around her shoulder.
I jump up and reach across the table, grabbing him by the shirt. When my face is inches from his, I shout, “You’ll pay for that, 007.”
Before I can say more, Skyla gently places her hand on my arm. “Taylor, this is Mike,” she informs me. Looking at her, I can see she was embarrassed by what had just happened. I look back at Mike, who has his hands raised.
“Bro, I’m sorry, I’ll pay for the damages.”
When I see one of my employees has started to clean up the mess, I let go of Mike and sit back, still looking at the moron with displeasure. He’s probably as tall as I am, a little on the skinny side, with blonde curly hair, and, obviously, a careless attitude. I don’t know, but I’ve already decided that I don’t like him. Sometimes, first impressions count.
I refuse to acknowledge Mike and turn to talk with Alex. His hands are clenched down at his thighs, and he’s watching the scene going on in front of him. Mike is putting on the charm, trying to get Skyla to smile. I can tell that Alex likes him about as much as I do.
Bree finishes the song, leaves the stage, and heads toward the bar, swinging her hips all the while, teasing me. Grabbing a bottle of water, she makes her way over to the table and sits down beside me.
“Not too bad,” I say, trying not to drool. 
“What, me or the song?”
“Both are pretty good,” I reply. I don’t think I can continue playing it cool for much longer. All I can think about every time a word leaves her lips is kissing them. Those sexy, plump, lusc  ...”
“Pretty good, please ... I’ve had better compliments than that.”
“Sorry, I’m sure you have,” I respond, giving her my cockiest grin. 
“Well, if you think you can do better, be my guest.”
“Maybe I will sing, and, as for being your guest, I would love to. Say lunch tomorrow? I’ll pick you up.” 
Before she has time to respond, my phone buzzes, and I cut her off. “Can you excuse me for a second? I’ll be right back.”
Bree stands to let me out, and I head straight for the office.


Chapter Eleven ~ Bree
After my break finishes, I’m back up on stage. I close down the karaoke requests, having enough lined up to finish out the night. Looking out from my vantage point on the stage, I see Alex and Skyla huddled close and laughing. No Mike there again, no surprise there. Over at the pool table, I spot Elise bending low, her black dress starting to ride up, her long curly hair dusting the table, and every male eye glued to her wiggling rump. ‘Really, Elise?’ I shake my head. 
Suddenly, my vision is pulled toward the office door where Taylor is emerging. As he makes his way back to the booth, just as he is about to sit down, I raise the mic and announce,
“Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage the wonderful owner of The Alley Cat, Taylor Cole ...”
Taylor cocks his eyebrow at me, grins, and then shrugs his shoulders, like ‘why not?’ 
Making his way up to the stage, he walks behind the equipment. “Do you mind if I choose?” he politely asks.
“Be my guest,” I sweep my arm.
“Oh, I will, tomorrow at lunch, remember?” he reminds me.
As he is making his way to the front of the stage, “Alone Together” by Fallout Boy starts playing. And, OH YES, the man can sing. People start yelling, and girls push at each other to be at the front of the stage. All I can think is that I want him right now, on stage, in front of everyone. ‘Get a grip, Bree,’ I try telling myself. Stupid, stupid bet.
Taylor finishes his rock god worthy performance, and lifts his black shirt to wipe the sweat from his face. I’m not sure if it was just me, but I think most of the women in the place had an almost fainting moment. That rock hard body should be worshipped, by me, touched and ... seriously, Bree, you are losing it.
Taylor bows and walks off stage, winking at me as he goes. I thank the Lord that it’s dark in here because, right now, my cheeks are as red as a beet.
What’s he doing to me?
The rest of the night flies by. The Curvies sing “California Dreaming” by The Mamas and The Papas. Skyla and Elise line dance in the back as I take center stage and do my best moonwalk. Even Alex, after a few drinks, gets up and performs, “Just Be Your Tear” by Tim McGraw, and the women swoon over the giant hunk. I think we all know who that song was for, don’t we?
The night comes to a close as the last of the stragglers finally leave, doors closed by just after two a.m. Taylor walks me out back and to my car. Grabbing the handle on the door, ready to open it, I turn to say something to Taylor. But I don’t have a chance to say anything. Before I know it, his lips are on mine, hard and wanting, perfect and inviting. I reach up with as much enthusiasm and snake an arm around his neck, the other hand wandering around to his back and pulling him closer.
Our tongues meet, dancing, finding perfect rhythm. He tugs at my bottom lip, and I moan. Taylor grabs my waist and lifts, pressing my body against the car. Automatically, my legs wrap around his hips. Oh my, he is strong. Wearing a size sixteen, I’m not light as a feather. I know he wants me bad right now, our hips pressed close let me in on that big secret.
Then he starts vibrating. What the ...?
I stop kissing him. 
Resting his forehead against mine, he groans. Lowering me gently back to the ground, he says, “I gotta go, I’m sorry, but I’ll see you tomorrow ... Right?”
“Sure, tomorrow,” I smile up at him.
When I finally make it home in the early hours of the morning, I still can’t stop grinning. Replaying the scene over and over, Taylor singing, him kissing me, the way he felt pressed up against me, and the electricity between us. It was exhilarating and exciting and scary all at once. I want him in a big way. Not just physically, I really want to give him a chance to know me and for me to have the chance to know him.
Why did I have to make that silly bet about no sex before marriage? Marriage, hah, surely she knows that’s not going to happen. Not that I haven’t fantasized once or twice about marrying Taylor over the years. Okay, maybe I’ve fantasized about it a hundred times or more. But that was a lonely girl’s fantasy.
Come to think of it, she probably knows that’s never going to happen, so she’s waiting for me to fail. To give me that look. You know the one your friends give you instead of having to say, “Hah, I told you so,” or the “I knew you couldn’t do it” look?
Yeah, you know it.
Well, I’m not backing down. This girl’s privates will remain private. ‘Skyla be ready to pay out,’ I say to myself as I start to drift off.


Chapter Twelve ~ Bree
After only three hours of sleep, I’m awake. Jumping out of bed, I head straight for the door, running the few steps over to Elise’s. I start banging, but she doesn’t answer, so I just let myself in. I go straight to her bedroom, assuming that she’s still in a drunken slumber. This time, I don’t bother knocking, I just barrel on in. I need her to help me get ready for my date today and I’m not giving her a choice.
I reach the bed and, without thinking, I pull the covers off her. And SCREAM. Grabbing the covers back off the floor, I scramble to throw them back over her and the male stranger sleeping next to her.
Elise rolls over and peers at me through barely opened eyes. “Bree, do you have to scream so loud? I’ve got a seriously bad headache.”
“You’ve got more than a headache this morning. Get him out of here,” I demand.
“Jeez, Bree, you’re starting to sound like Skyla,” she retorts.
“Yeah, well, if this is what we look like to Skyla, I’m never having a one night stand again.” 
Heading out of the room, I yell, “You’ve got ten minutes, or I get Skyla and make her play our song, on repeat.” Now, that’s as good a threat as ever. I slam the front door as I leave, hoping to just tick her off.
I head to the other side of my little home and knock on Skyla’s door, “Ten minutes, my house.” I know that, in about five minutes, she will be over, ready, coffee in hand.
After a brief shower, I wrap my robe around me and make my way out to the kitchen. As predicted, there stands Skyla, all bright–eyed, with coffee in hand for me. She is wearing what looks to be a rusty red peasant dress, brown sandals and has two bun-type piggy tails in her hair.
“What style are we going for this month, my sweet Curvy?” I ask her. 
“I’m going for the Skyla style, nothing else.”
“Well, it’s very cute,” I say, smiling at her.
Elise is sitting at the end of the kitchen bench, head down, resting on the counter.
“Elise, glad you could make it. Even hung over,” I say with a grumble. She manages to give me two thumbs up, her head never leaving the counter.
“So, what’s going on? Why are we here this fine morning?” Skyla looks at me with anticipation, hands twitching. Skyla is getting ready to do a little clap.
“Well, Taylor asked me out last night. And he’s picking me—”
Skyla interrupts, “Oh, my Lord, this is so exciting.” And now she’s clapping. And bouncing around like a rabbit. 
Knowing that, if I don’t cut her off now, she could be at this a while, I go on,
“Anyway, as I was saying, he’s picking me up for lunch. And, well, I’m ... nervous,” I say, looking down at the cup in my hand.
“Oh, honey, why are you nervous? Did he kiss you? Where? Was it good?” Skyla gushes. “Did you sleep with him?” is her final question for the moment, and she’s wearing a pretty little smirk. You know that look I mentioned earlier? 
“Oh, they so did it,” Elise chimes in, now intrigued by the conversation.
“Yes, he kissed me, and it was electrifying, perfect, amazing. And, no, we did not sleep together,” I am happy to inform Skyla. “But Elise slept with someone,” I’m quick to throw out there and pointing a finger.
“Oh, I know. I saw him being booted out this morning, “Skyla says, tapping her nails on the counter and not looking too impressed.
“Really, Elise, when is this meaningless sex going to stop?” I ask.
“When the right one comes along,” Elise mutters. What Elise is really saying is that the right one will never come along.
Elise has been in love with Charlie Barnes since she was eighteen. Well, it could have been longer, but she was eighteen when we first heard about it. After school finished, Elise broke Charlie’s heart, along with her own. Charlie hasn’t been home since, not even to visit the family.
“So, you’re saying, if the right one did come along, you wouldn’t sleep with him until you say ‘I do’?” Skyla looks at Elise with a strong don’t-mess-with-me-expression.
“Yep, that’s right. Not until I say ‘I do,’” Elise chuckles.
“Let’s place a little wager on it, you game, Elise?” Skyla starts to grin.
“Yeah, sure, why not,” Elise shrugs and takes a sip of her now lukewarm coffee.
Oh, no, I keep to myself. Elise thinks this is some kind of joke. We’ve been together since birth, yet she still has not learnt that you never make a bet with Skyla. (Okay, so I’m one to talk, right, didn’t I just make one with her yesterday?).
“Okay ... Now, let me think about this,” Skyla whispers to herself while continuing to tap her nails on the bench top. “Alright, I’ve got it. If Mr. Right comes along, and Bree and I will know when he does, and you sleep with him before your wedding night, you have to volunteer at the animal shelter for three months. And, at Easter, you, my feisty Curvy, must be a part of the parade, dressed as the Easter Bunny. Handing out chocolate and waving is a must,” Skyla stands there smirking and ready for what is about to come.
Elise has never liked dogs. You think there would be a reason, like a dog attack, but, no, nothing like that, she has just been afraid of them for as long as we can remember. Asking her to work at the animal shelter is like asking her to face her worst fears every week for three months.
“And, if I win and you lose, Skyla, you have to say YES to everything and anything anybody asks you for a whole day of my choosing. Oh, and you also must dress as a stupid rabbit at Easter and robot wave at the crowd.”
So, WOW, that was so not what I was expecting. Is Elise actually taking this seriously? 
“Deal,” Skyla happily responds, holding out her hand to Elise.
“Game on,” Elise happily replies, shaking Skyla’s hand.
Oh, Lord, I hope Elise knows what she just signed up for. I don’t put anything past Skyla. I’m starting to think that she may have helped set up last night to some degree (note to self: thank Skyla later).
“Okay, now back to Bree. Let’s pick you out a great outfit and do your hair and makeup.” Skyla beams at me, grabbing my hand and pulling me back toward the bathroom.
Elise curls my hair, pinning up one side, while Skyla does my makeup. I get dressed after deciding on a beautiful white and green flower patterned dress with matching belt and white wedges.
When the girls have finished fluffing around, they stand back looking at me like two proud mother hens. 
Stepping over to the mirror, I like what I see. The green dress looks stunning, and my red hair shines. I could give Rita Hayworth a run for her money, well, except for the running part. I think my ankles and I would forfeit anything that had to do with putting on a pair of tennis shoes.
“Bree, you look sexy, girl. When Taylor sees you, he is so going to ...”
“Elise, don’t finish that sentence. I’m sure it’s something crude and inappropriate, huh?”
Skyla scolds her.
“Maybe it was, maybe it wasn’t. Now, you’ll never know.”
“Okay, seriously now, guys. I feel sick to my stomach, and I’ve never felt like this before. Well, only in high school when I was around ... Taylor. This is crazy right? I mean, I only caught up with him the first time yesterday, after how many years?”
Skyla takes my hand, “Oh, honey, you feel like this because you really like him, maybe even love him.”
“Love? Oh, I don’t think so. I haven’t even been on a date with him, Skyla.”
“Sometimes, Skyla says, ‘love is immediate and you have to grab hold of it and take the ride’. Don’t run from this opportunity that’s right in front of you, Bree. Besides, it’s not like you haven’t known each other forever.”
Elise chimes in breaking up the love fest happening right now, and I see her eyes glistening a little, “I think one Curvy is enough for him to deal with for one day. Let’s get out of here before he shows up,” she says, trying to coax Skyla out.
“Why, Elise, I thought you might like to hang around and jump on his lap again?” 
“Aaahhhh, saw that, did you?”
“TEASE,” I shout as she walks out the door, followed by Skyla walking backward, giving me two thumbs up.
Damn, I love those Curvies.


Chapter Thirteen ~ Taylor
It’s eleven-thirty when I pull up in front of Bree’s home. I may be a little early, but I couldn’t stop thinking about her when I got home this morning, counting the hours until I could see her again. Now that I’m here, though, I’m nervous, just wanting everything to be perfect for her today.
I get out the car and make my way toward her door. Before I get a chance to knock, Bree swings it open. When I see the smile on her face, my heart skips a beat. And that dress she’s wearing is accentuating every curve. Well, it stirs me. I cover my trousers with the flowers in my hand. With careful consideration, I have decided they are now a must to go with my attire.
Bree’s eyes stray downward and then back up to my face. “I see you bought me flowers?” Quirking an eyebrow and a half smile. Before I have a chance to explain that they go with my outfit, she reaches out and takes them from my hands, turns, and walks back inside. “I’m just going to put them in some water, back in a minute,” she calls out. 
When Bree returns, I extend my arm, “Shall we?” I ask. Linking her arm with mine, I guide her to the passenger door and open it for her to climb in. I get in the driver’s seat, and we take off, heading toward today’s destination.
Cruising along, I can’t stop myself from continuing to glance over at her. She’s stunning and giving my stomach some serious knots. “You look amazing today. I’m finding it really hard to concentrate on the road. I can’t keep my eyes off you,” I confess.
“You look pretty handsome, there, yourself. Dark jeans are a sexy look for you, and the button down shirt, well ... very nice,” she seductively oozes, staring back at me with those endless green eyes, almost causing me to forget I’m still driving. I clear my throat and look back at the road ahead of me. Not far now I tell myself, hoping she likes where I’m taking her.
We finally wind our way up into the hills, and I see our destination approaching on the right hand side. Slowing down, I turn onto the dirt road. Bree’s face lights up as we pass the apple trees that line the track either side of us.
“You’re taking me to an orchard?” she beams over at me.
“I sure am, and I hear there’s nowhere better than La Fayette, N.Y., for apples.”
“This is so exciting, I’ve always wanted to go to an orchard. How did you know?” she queries. 
“I didn’t know, but I’m glad you like the idea. I know it’s a lunch date, but I was hoping, amongst the apples, well, it might be sweet and romantic.”
“Taylor, this is sweet and, as for romantic, I’ll let you know later,” she winks over at me before turning her head to look out the window and appreciate the passing view.
I pull up outside the little bakery set up on the orchard property and run inside, wanting to grab those extra little bits I need to make this date perfect. 
Returning to the car, I jump back in and continue heading along one of the dirt tracks through the trees until I think I have found the perfect spot. I park the car and, reaching over into the back seat, I grab the blanket, throwing it over my shoulder. In one hand, I pick up the picnic basket and make my way around to the passenger side. Opening the door, I hold out my empty hand to Bree, which she happily takes. We stroll hand in hand until we find a nice grassy spot under a shady apple tree.
Laying the blanket out, I help Bree down before seating myself. I set out the food I had packed, cheeses, breads, olives, meats, and a salad. I start to worry about whether Bree even likes this sort of food when she eases my worries by saying, “Wow, Taylor, I’m impressed. This all looks really delicious.”
As we begin to eat, my nerves start to settle and, for the next hour, we talk and laugh about almost anything. I tell her about my time in New York, the other bars I own, and what it feels like living back in Seneca Falls. Bree tells me about her brief stint in the Big Apple, her singing jobs, and how she wants to start doing voice coaching. All the while, I see her peering around, taking in the scenery. All the beauty I want to see is sitting right in front of me. She never mentions my family passing or what happened at the end of school and neither do I. For that, I’m grateful.
When we finish picking at the food I had packed, I reach back into the basket and retrieve the contents I purchased from the store, fresh cider donuts, apple pie and sparkling juice. We dig in and enjoy what the orchard has to offer, Bree’s eyes happy and shining as we continue to chat and laugh.
What’s she doing to me?
When we have finished eating, I stand up and reach my hand out to Bree. I help her up and begin leading her through the trees, holding her hand as we stroll along. There’s a comfortable silence between us as if there is no need for words in this moment.  But all I can think about is wanting her, so I interrupt the quiet, “I really want to kiss you, right now,” I say, bringing us to a stop and turning to face her.
“Then do it” she answers, looking up at me.
I don’t hesitate. Taking her face between my hands, I bend down, taking her lips with mine, and kiss her softly and slowly, savoring the moment, the feel, the taste. 
Hearing her moan, I wrap my arms around her tighter, pulling her closer. ‘Mine,’ that’s all I can think, ‘mine, mine, mine.’ I’m completely and utterly lost in this moment with her, never wanting this feeling to end.
Then my phone starts vibrating, and I know I can’t ignore it.
Crap.
Looking down at her I say, “I’m sorry, Bree, it must be late in the afternoon. We should get going”.
“Good idea, I promised to go to Skyla’s tonight with Elise,” she happily informs me. I think she can tell by my tone I was not happy to be ending this date. But she continues to smile at me, making the guilt I feel subside a little.
The drive back to Bree’s was quiet. We didn’t need words. We held hands the whole way, Bree brushing her thumb back and forth across the top of my hand, and I could see this is how our car trips in the future would look like, and happiness filled my heart at the thought.
When we arrive back at the cabin, I walk Bree to the door and pull her to me. “Please tell me you will go out with me again,” I look pleadingly at her, then bend down to kiss her.
When we pull apart and with her eyes still closed, Bree whispers, “Mmmm ... I think I would like that.” Reluctantly, I let go and say goodbye. As I’m about to get into the car, Bree calls out to me, “Taylor, the date was definitely romantic.”
And that makes me smile.
Driving home, I know without a doubt what I want. I’m going to marry her, she’s the one. After all these years, she’s still the one. Mine.


Chapter Fourteen ~ Bree
It has been a glorious head-in-the-clouds kind of six weeks since Taylor and I started seeing each other. Trying to see one another as much as we possibly could, we make those moments count. Taylor always seemed to be busy, running off at short notice every time his phone buzzed. I guess that’s what having your own business is all about. When we were together, though, it was blissful. At dinner, walks, picnics, Skyla’s, or the bar, I didn’t care as long as I got too see him. 
I started working at The Alley Cat on a regular Friday night basis, while Chris stayed singing at Skyla’s.
A few weeks back, I decided to finally run a post in the local paper, advertising private singing lessons. And, what do you know, within a week I had 12 new students sign up. Things are definitely looking up if I do say so myself.
It’s ten o’clock on a Wednesday morning and I’m up and dressed. Yes, you read that right. My alarm clock has become my new best friend, or worst enemy, I haven’t decided yet.
Having promised to meet Elise at Skyla’s for an early lunch, I get into the car and make my way to Ithaca.
Elise asked me earlier in the week if I could help her load up the trailer with her artwork for the local art and craft festival held this weekend where she displays her pieces and attracts potential clients for commission work. Since I’m now trying to get up early on a regular basis, I’m happy to lend a helping hand to my feisty Curvy girl.
Entering the shop, I see Elise and Skyla already seated at a table, coffee in hand and chatting away. When Elise spots me walking toward them, her eyes widen. “She’s here. Could it be she’s on time?” she asks, looking at her wrist at her nonexistent watch.
“Of course she’s here. That alarm clock is doing wonders,” Skyla announces, standing to give me a hug.
“Hah, hah! Yes, I’m here. This is the new Bree you’re talking to. Nice to meet you,” I hold my hand out to Elise. She just laughs and waves me off.
“Want me to get you a coffee, sweetie?” Skyla asks before sitting down.
“It’s okay, I’ll go get one. If I ask nicely, Maggie will make me one with a heart in the foam,” I add enthusiastically.
“Would you mind taking Henry his lunch after you order? He’s seated by the books.”
“Sure can. Be back shortly,” I say as I walk off.
I make my way over to Maggie, who’s standing behind the coffee machine doing a little sway to the music playing in the background, obviously in her own little world. She doesn’t notice that I’m standing right in front of her yet. Maggie is a short, sweet woman in her early fifties with pretty grey eyes and a bob that shapes around her face. She strolled into Skyla’s the day it opened and has been here ever since. Never married and with no children, Maggie lived a life of travel and adventure. Stopping through Ithaca on one of her trips, she decided this was the place and time to settle down. And we couldn’t be happier. Now, she’s family whether she likes it or not. I think she likes it.
“Hi, Mags, can I order a coffee, please?”
“Oh, honey, I didn’t see you there. Silly me, off in my own world.”
“Hah, I figured that much,” I laugh.
“I will make it right now. Anything else, sweetie?” 
“Yes. Can I please have Henry’s lunch as well?”
“Are you sure? I’m happy to do that for you,” Maggie fumbles out, looking a little flushed. I get the feeling our Maggie may have a little crush on our Henry.
“No, it’s fine, I want to say hi, anyway.”
Grabbing Henry’s sandwich off the counter, I walk on over and place it in front of him on the table. Then I sit down next to him before saying, “For you, my dear sir.”
Henry looks over at me with those sad brown eyes I have come to know so well, smiling at me all the same. “I told her that she doesn’t need to feed me every day. “ His eyes motion toward Skyla.
“Well, how else is she going to keep her unpaid, unofficial, self-appointed bodyguard fed and healthy?” I chuckle.
“You’re right. I have to stay in top form,” he joins in with a laugh.
Henry used to be a lawyer and owned a very successful firm. After the death of his son, he sold it and has played bodyguard to Skyla ever since. Ten years ago, I hated Henry. I couldn’t understand his need to follow Skyla around. None of us could. But after a decade (yeah, I know it’s a long time), you realize people deal with grief or mistakes in their own way. As for Skyla, she adopted him and made him part of the family. Showing that, even after tragedy, there are still people to love and live for.
“So, how have you been, sweetheart? It’s been a while since we last spoke,” Henry asks before taking a bite of his sandwich.
“Actually I have been really good. Okay, I’ve been great. Got singing jobs, and I’m now doing private voice lessons in the afternoon. And I’m seeing this really great guy, Taylor,” I ramble on, rushing all my news out. Then I realize what I had just so carelessly said, forgetting Taylor was once his son’s best friend. “Oops, sorry, Henry. My mouth got away from me.”
“Please don’t apologize. That makes me very happy to hear. Taylor is a wonderful young man, and you, my dear girl, have just made my day.” Giving me a big toothy grin, Henry continues, “And it’s nice to finally see one of you Curvies in love.”
“Hah, good one, Henry,” I laugh. “I’m not in love.”
Before I realize what is happening, my laugh begins to wind up, getting longer and louder, and I can’t stop myself from going into full-on giggle mode, only stopping to take large gulps of air or add silly little bits like, “You’re funny, Henry,” or “In love, yeah, sure,” or “Crazy.” By now, I’m almost sure that everybody is looking at me having my hysterical outburst. I try, but I can’t make myself stop, now advancing to a few, “Woooo” and “heheheh” noises exiting my lips.
Suddenly, I think I must have gone into shock. The loud noise of laughter I was making has fallen away and, in its wake, comes total silence. And I’m frozen. I feel sweaty and hot. No, cold and clammy. Actually, I don’t know how I’m feeling.
“Henry, can you please escort Ms. Carson upstairs?” Skyla politely asks. I realize that she is standing in front of me, looking around the store smiling and reassuring the customers that all is okay.
Henry dramatically lifts me up and throws me over his shoulder and runs for the stairs. “Where’s the fire, old man?” Elise chortles behind us.
“If there were a fire, young lady, I wouldn’t be running up the stairs,” Henry calls out. 
“Good point, Chief,” Elise replies.
As Henry bursts through the upstairs door, Elise can’t help herself, “Hah! I knew she would freak out once she realized,” she snorts.
“Now is not the time for mocking, Elise.  Just keep smiling at her,” Skyla compels.
Henry plonks me down on the daybed, no gentleness about it, turns and runs back out the door.
“I see Henry still isn’t ready to deal with the Curvy emotional breakdowns,” I manage to say as I sit up, before returning to my state of shock. Just thinking about the word “love” makes me begin to hyperventilate.
“Sweetie, just breathe, okay, just breathe,” Skyla calmly repeats to me while rubbing my back. 
“Are you kidding, this shit is great. Finally, a man has broken through that rock wall of hers.” 
“Elise, watch your language. You really need to start coming to church on Sundays and learn to control that tongue a little,” Skyla shakes her head. “But she’s right. This is a good thing, Bree.”
We sit in silence for a while. The girls wait for me to speak. Staring at me. Waiting. Staring some more.
Finally, my voice breaks the quiet, “Oh, my God ...  I ... Love ... Him.”
I can’t believe I just said that. To myself. To them. This is not good. No, very, very bad. Questions run through my mind. How am I going to stay in control of this? What if he hurts me? What if I end up waiting for him to come back home, time and time again like my mother with her husband?
Nope, there are too many what-ifs for my liking.
Bringing myself out of my thoughts and returning my attention toward Elise and Skyla. I plaster a huge fake smile on my face as I say, “Sorry, my Curvy girls, I just had a moment of panic, but I’m fine now. Actually, more than fine. Let’s go back downstairs and finish our coffees.”
“Are you sure, Bree? Because we’re happy to sit here with you for as long as you need,” Skyla worriedly asks, not looking too convinced that I’m okay.
“Of course I’m sure. Elise and I have to get going to the studio. Let’s not waste the day,” I add, waving off their worry. “Come on,” I stand and usher them toward the door.


Chapter Fifteen ~ Bree
We head back downstairs and order new drinks. Taking a seat at an unoccupied table, we resume our casual banter. Henry has returned to the book corner, occasionally looking our way. I give him a little wave letting him know that all is okay, and, with a nod, he accepts the gesture.
Finishing up our get-together, Elise and I stand to leave when Alex comes strolling in and seats himself next to Skyla, wrapping his arm around her shoulders in a comfortable way we have been witness to many times over the years. He looks completely besotted with her, while Skyla sits there unaware of his true feelings. I shake my head and look over at Elise, who I know is thinking what I’m thinking. When is Skyla going to realize what’s right in front of her? We say our goodbyes and walk on over the road, three shops across, and into Elise’s art studio.
The rest of the day goes by quickly, and we finish wrapping all of her pieces, loading them in the trailer. After hanging her new artwork for display in the shop, I’m ready to head home.
Making it through the day, trying to act unfazed by the revelation that I’m in love with Taylor was no easy task. If I were an actress I would definitely nominate myself for an Oscar. 
“Well my feisty Curvy, we are done, and I’m tired. I think it’s time for me to say ciao.”
I go to kiss Elise goodbye and she envelops me with her arms. 
“I’m sorry I sound so callous sometimes, Bree. But I mean it when I say this thing with Taylor ... it’s good. Please don’t run from this,” her eyes begging me not to do what she knows I’m going to do.
RUN.
“I love you, Elise,” I tell her, before getting in my car and driving off.
Taylor tries calling me that night over and over and then sending me messages asking ‘r u okay’ and ‘is everything alright.’ I don’t answer any of them. I’m not ready to talk to him. My God, the poor man hasn’t even done anything wrong, well, not really. But then I start thinking about the little things like, why doesn’t he ever stay over? Why doesn’t he ever invite me to his place? Why did he decide to come back? And, now, along with the what-ifs, I have the whys. Taylor finally stops trying to contact me, and I drift off to sleep on the sofa.
When I finally wake, it’s Thursday afternoon, and I realize that I fell asleep cradling a tub of rocky road ice cream that has now melted. Much to my despair, I have no more comfort food around the house. Raiding the pantry last night and eating anything and everything sweet or savory to bury my sadness did not help. Well, it did help, yeah, it helped add another pound or four to my hips, I’m sure. And, now, that depresses me. 
By Thursday evening, I’ve managed to avoid all human contact, remaining curled up on the sofa watching infomercials that have almost convinced me that I need to buy the new ab workout machine. The phone keeps ringing, but I don’t bother to answer it, thinking it will either be one of the girls or Taylor. After twenty or more consecutive calls, I decide whoever it is calling is persistent, I’ll give them that. Finally picking up the phone and glancing at the screen, I see it registers a long distance number, and I get the feeling I know who it is.
Answering, I instantly say, “Hi, Mom, Skyla obviously called you, I’m guessing?”
“Oh, sweetheart, how are you? Tell me. Are you alright?” my mother worriedly asks.
I should be ecstatic that my mother is calling, heaven knows how much I miss her, but I’m too deep in my own misery to talk to anyone. 
“Of course she called me. Now tell your mother what’s wrong. Is it Taylor?”
I finally break and tell her everything, knowing this call is probably going to cost her a small fortune, and feeling a little guilty about it. Sometimes, though, a girl just needs her mother. I continue to explain the what-ifs and the whys that are coursing through my mind, and she listens patiently.
“I’m just so confused. What am I going to do?” I end.
“So, this is what I’m hearing, and forgive me if I’m wrong,” she says through the phone, “but the problem’s not with Taylor, the poor man hasn’t actually done anything wrong.” she continues. 
‘Jeez, thanks for the show of support,’ I think to myself.
“The problem is with you, sweetheart. Watching what I put up with when your father was around, well, occasionally around. But, honey, he was a plain old jerk, and I was beyond silly thinking he would change and waited around for a lot longer than I should have.” 
Wow, okay. That was the first time I had ever heard my mother say that. We never spoke about Dad. Ever. Mom’s really on a roll, but my thoughts are interrupted as she continues to speak, “I watched Taylor grow up, and he’s a sweet young man. Don’t run from this, Bree, communicate. I repeat, COMMUNICATE. Now I know you Curvies are close, always have been and always will be. It’s time to start letting others in, though, sweetie, give them a chance.”
I wait, wondering if she’s finished speaking yet, and know that what she just said to me is right. ‘Crap, every damn time.’ She still has not uttered another word, so I know she’s waiting for me to say something. So I do, “Thanks, Mom, I really needed this chat and I really miss you. You know that, right?”
“I do, sweetheart, and I miss you more. Talk soon, okay?” she replies, sending kiss noises through the phone at me before she hangs up.
God, I love her.


Chapter Sixteen ~ Taylor
After trying to get in touch with Bree all last night and half of today, I’m at a loss. There hasn’t been a day in the past month and a half that we haven’t spoken, and I’m starting to worry. As I’m about to call her for the hundredth time, my phone starts ringing. Glancing at the Caller ID, I see it’s Elise. Thank God, finally someone can tell me what’s going on.
“Hey T, thought I’d call you and fill you in.” 
“Please tell me she’s okay.”
“Well, Bree is having a slight problem dealing with her emotional stirrings. Apart from that, she’s fine.”
“Emotional stirrings?” I question.
“Yeah. In simpler terms, she’s freaking out about her feelings for you. BIG TIME,” she explains.
I had been expecting this. I knew Bree didn’t let anyone in all the way, the Curvies being the exception. So, I wasn’t surprised to hear this piece of information.
“I don’t think she was expecting to be swept off her feet this fast. She will come around though, Skyla called in the big guns.” 
“Her mother, I’m guessing?”
“None other,” Elise chuckles.
“Thanks for letting me know, Elise, it eased my worries a lot,” I say with gratitude. 
“No problem, later.”
Hanging up, I feel a little better and hope that a chat with her mother, Gail, brings her back around. Back to me.
It’s seven o’clock when I get a text message from Bree, ‘Can you come over tonight? Really need to talk.’
I’m halfway through cooking dinner, and, even though it’s my night off, there’s no way I can get away to see her. ‘Crap,’ I think to myself, running my hands through my hair in frustration before texting her back, ‘Sorry, baby, I can’t tonight. Really want to see you, though. Tomorrow lunch.’
‘Tomorrow lunch. My house. xo.’
Putting the phone down, I continue to dish up dinner. Tomorrow, I’ll tell her, I promise myself before calling out, “Dinners ready.”
I pull up at Bree’s right at noon. Once again, before I can even knock, Bree opens the door and pulls me in. Grabbing me by the neck, her lips land hard and wanting on mine. My Lord, have I missed this, her. I kick the door closed with my foot as I lift her into my arms, circling her waist and holding her tight.
What is she doing to me?
Wrapping her legs around me and holding on tight, I blindly make my way over to the sofa, never breaking contact, wanting to be a part of every moment with her, every kiss, every touch, to just breathe her in.
Laying her down gently, I position myself on top of her. Leaving the sweetness of her lips, I kiss my way down her neck as my other hand makes its way underneath the blouse, circling at the waistband and brushing the bare skin. And, then, I hear her groan. Not moan with pleasure like I was going for.  No, that was a definitely a groan.
“I’m sorry, but we have to stop. I can’t sleep with you, and, if we keep going the way we are, well, I don’t think I would be able to control myself,” she informs me, annoyance in her tone. Pinching the bridge of her nose she adds, “God, I feel like I’m sixteen again and afraid my mom is going to walk in. Only this time it’s Skyla keeping me on edge.”
I slide off, but not before giving her cheek a quick peck and reply, “Hey, don’t worry about it. We have the rest of our lives to make up for it. Though, for future reference, that is how I would always like to be greeted, coming or going.” Giving her a playful smile.
“Hello won’t cut it, huh?”
“Nope, you raised the bar,” I grin.
Bree takes my hand and leads me into the kitchen, “I just made cheese sandwiches for lunch, is that okay? I ... Ahh, haven’t had time to get groceries.”
“Anything you make is fine,” I assure her.
As we sit down to eat, Bree starts apologizing for not answering my calls. About how she was confused by her feelings for me. “I really like you Taylor. It just scared me is all. I’m not used to having these kinds of intense emotions for someone.”
I reach over and place my hand on her cheek, “I don’t need to tell you how I feel, Bree, I think you know the answer. And, baby ... I’m not going anywhere.”
“But what about your other businesses? Your life in the city?”
“I have people who manage all that for me. Sure, I’ll have to do the occasional day trip, but it’s not that far,” I reassure her. “I want to be here, Bree. I want my home to be with you.” Looking up at me, she smiles and, in that moment, I know without a doubt I never want to be anywhere else. “There is something I have to discuss with you though,” I add.
“Okay ... I’m listening,” she replies, looking a little afraid about what I might say.
“Let me go to the bathroom, and, when I get back, I will tell you everything.”
Standing up, I lean down and kiss her nose before walking away. ‘FINALLY,’ I think to myself.
No more secrets.


Chapter Seventeen ~ Bree
As Taylor walks away, I decide to keep myself busy and clear the dishes from the table. There’s no point sitting here wondering what he has to say. As my mind usually jumps to the worst possible scenarios first, I shake my head and try to stay positive. 
It’s probably something really silly, right?
As I reach the kitchen sink, I hear a buzzing noise. Looking back over at the table, I see Taylor’s jacket hanging on the back of the chair. I hear it buzz again. Curiosity gets the better of me, so I walk on back over and place my hand in the jacket pocket and retrieve the phone. 
I look at the display. Three new messages are waiting to be read. I know I shouldn’t look—it’s like breaking some privacy girlfriend code or something. So, I hesitate all of five seconds before, who am I kidding, I have to know. I stop rationalizing and just do it.
Going into his message box, there are a few names I recognize, like myself, Alex, Skyla. Some I don’t know, just figuring that, surely, there are people in his life I have yet to meet. But one name stands out, and there are like one hundred messages there.
Pippa. Who’s Pippa?
I click into the latest unread message which happens to be from her. ‘I’m ready to go home now, pick me up please xo.’ 
As I scroll down, there are more and more. 
‘When are you coming home’ and ‘not going to bed until u hm’, all older messages from days and nights past. Times when we were together or he was at work. Sweet messages from him are sent back with: ‘Be home soon honey xo’ and ‘get some sleep, love you xo’. 
What the ...? 
My head starts spinning, he’s been with someone else this whole time? This Pippa. He’s been cheating on her? With me?
He’s been cheating on me? And I see red.
Taylor casually strolls his way back into the kitchen, completely unaware of what I have been up to. What I have discovered. Until he looks at me and sees that I’m holding up his phone. Before he can say anything, I throw his phone and aim for his head. Next, I pick up his jacket and keys, tossing anything I can get my hands on.
“You BASTARD, you’ve been lying to me for two months?” I scream. Angry is not even a strong enough word to describe the rage that I’m feeling right now.
Taylor holds his hands up and trying to block the flying missiles I continue to launch at him. Anything within arm’s reach will do, a vase, a record, even a brush that I left in the living room.
“Bree, it’s not what you think,” Taylor starts to explain, only to be shut down as I charge forward, hitting wherever I can and pushing him toward the door.
“It’s not what I think? You jerk. The messages explain enough,” I continue screaming in his face.
“Please just let me exp—” he tries to tell me. But I cut him off. Right now, I can’t take in a word he’s saying, there’s nothing but white noise echoing in my mind. My hurt is beginning to build. My wall is starting to erect once again and shutting my heart in.
“GET OUT!” I roar as I push him past the front door. Turning around, I scramble for his keys and jacket that are askew on the floor and take one good last throw toward his face before I lock him out.
“Please, baby, just listen to what ...” are the last words I hear Taylor say. Running as fast as I can over to the stereo, I turn it on and crank it up, drowning out his voice. 
Without a second thought, I make my way into the bedroom, slamming my thigh into the edge of the bed post once again.
“Crap, every damn time ...” I cry out, unsure of whether I’m hurting from the battered and bruised leg or a broken heart.
How could I have been so stupid? Why did I let him into my life?
I should have known better, I chastise myself.
After hours of switching between crying, anger, crying, self-pity, anger, crying, hurt and crying, I finally fall asleep. And a momentary peace from not having to think or deal with the pain washes over me.


Chapter Eighteen ~ Taylor
It’s been a long, miserable week since I’ve seen Bree. I tried explaining the situation to her through the front door only to be drowned out by the stereo turned up full volume. Then, last Friday night, I was going to try again, but Bree never showed up at the bar for her gig. 
I, very unsuccessfully, had to run it myself. With my mind not on the job, I misplaced requests and songs were played out of order. Even smiling like a good host was something that I struggled to maintain. All in all, well ... I sucked. I spent the next couple of days trying to call and message her, begging for a chance to be heard out. Nothing.
It’s Thursday afternoon, and I’m home wandering the house aimlessly trying to find something to distract my thoughts when Skyla drops by, happily letting herself in, and making her way to the back of the house where she finds me blankly staring at the washing machine. 
“Don’t you just love having a conversation with appliances? They never question what you say,” she laughs out and drawing my attention to her and out of my daze.
“Sorry, Skyla, I didn’t hear you come in. I was planning to put a load of clothes on.” I try to smile, feeling stupid for being caught sulking.
“You finish loading the machine and I’ll go make us a coffee, okay?” She smiles. 
“Sounds good,” I wink, and an actual smile appears on my face.
As I make my way into the kitchen, Skyla is there waiting, coffee already made. Placing the cup down in front of me on the counter, she reaches over and takes my hand. 	 
“How are you feeling, Taylor? Honestly.”
“I could be a lot better, but I’m hanging in there,” I answer, taking her other hand and enclosing them both between mine.
“Taylor, try and stay positive. I have a plan in motion. Trust me, okay?” She is biting her bottom lip and trying ever so hard to hide a smile.
“Skyla, please just tell her. She will listen to you,” I beg.
“Oh, Taylor, it’s not my place to tell her,” she says, tilting her head and giving me a sympathetic look. “And you really should have told her earlier, don’t you think?”
“I wanted to, really, I did. But you know Bree. She would have run for the hills,” I say feeling defeated.
“Look at how she freaked out when she realized she had strong feelings for me,” I add, rubbing at my jaw feeling utterly frustrated.
“I do know Bree, and you’re right. But the hills would have been too close,” Skyla giggles, getting a smile out of me also. “Look, try not to worry and do me a favor. Make sure you take tomorrow night off but still come to the bar, okay?”
“Well, I am the owner. I’m sure that can be arranged, but why? What are you up to?” I enquire. My curiosity piquing.
“Nothing you need to worry your sexy head about,” she reassures me. Leaning over, she places a kiss on my cheek,” I have to get going, just leave it to the Curvies. We’ve got your back remember?” 
With that, Skyla almost skips her way out the door, and I thank God I have a friend like her.
No more than half an hour has gone by when I hear a knock at the door. Surely Skyla can’t work that fast, I think to myself. Hoping that, by some miracle, though, it’s Bree knocking.
Opening the door, I’m still happily surprised when I see the big man himself. “Evening, thought I would swing by and see if you might invite me in for dinner,” Alex grins.  
“Good to see you. Come on in,” I say, waving him in and gesturing toward the kitchen. “You can help me with dinner. Spaghetti okay?”
“Sounds good. Huh, that’s all we ate over here when your old man was alive,” Alex laughs,”Ahhh, sorry T.”
“No, don’t be sorry, it’s nice to hear someone mention him and the good old times.”
From as far back as I can remember, it was just Dad and me. My sister, Sheila, was fifteen years older than me and had moved away when I was still young to pursue her nursing career. 
Dad and I got along great and, when the guys weren’t hanging with the Curvies, they were here watching sports, eating, or kicking the ball out back. Even Brad would join us most of the time. Well, up until senior year, that is. Crap, why did my mind have to go there, especially with Alex being here?
After preparing and consuming dinner, we clean up after ourselves and make our way out onto the porch, have a beer, and sit back just chilling, taking in the night air and enjoying the serene lake surroundings.
“I’m sorry to hear about you and Bree,” Alex lets me know before taking a swig.
“Yeah, it’s killing me right now. She won’t take my calls or answer any of my messages. Nothing.”
“The Curvies will bring her around. Then you can tell her.”
We sit there in a companionable silence for a time before it starts to get dark. Alex finishes his drink and stands up to leave. “I’ll see you tomorrow night at the bar?”
“I will be there. I’m under strict instructions,” I assure him.
As he makes his way down the steps he turns to look back at me, “Skyla told me Bree’s in love with you. You know that, right?”
“I had hoped so. I love her too—so damn much it hurts. Not seeing her this last week, not hearing from her, it’s driving me crazy,” I sigh, feeling that stab of pain in my chest.
“Then, tell her, Taylor,” he assertively directs.
As he continues to walk down the path, I call out, “When are you going to tell Skyla?”
He stops but doesn’t turn around. I see his shoulders slump and head drop before he quietly speaks, “It’s not the right time.”
I stand there, watching, as Alex drives off, and I know how he’s feeling. Not being able to hold the one you love, keeping secrets. But, as soon as I can, given the chance, I’m going to change all that. Damn, I love her too damn much to just let her walk away.
What is she doing to me?


Chapter Nineteen ~ Bree
Knock, knock, knock.
“Bree, open up, or were going to keep banging all night,” Skyla shouts. 
“And don’t think we won’t,” Elise chimes in.
“It’s true, we will continue for as long as it takes for you to open up this door,” Skyla continues, never giving up. Over and over, she continues banging on the door.
Then silence.
Oh, thank God it stopped. I’m a little disappointed about the lack of effort, though. I thought they would at least give it a good go, to the point I would have to put in some ear plugs.
Nope. I spoke too soon. Skyla had gone home only to come back with that monstrosity of a nineties double cassette player of hers. You know the outdated, still-needs-batteries-to-work boom box. Setting it up at my door, Skyla presses play, and on comes none other than 
“Anytime You Need a Friend” by Mariah Carey at top volume. She and Elise still managed to sing over the top of it.
Crap ... Every damn time. Every time I want to be left alone, they pull out the song, and I know they’re not going to give up and just leave. No, they will just keep rewinding and replaying until I plead for relief and give in.
With a huff, I climb off the sofa and head for the door.
When I open it up, I see Skyla and Elise have set up for the long haul. They’re sitting there in fold out lawn chairs, a glass of wine in Elise’s hand, and Skyla beginning to make s’mores using her tea light fondue set. Elise raises her glass toward me in salute as she directs, “Damn girl, you look like shit. I think some birds may have made a home in your hair.”
I go to shut the door. Before I get a chance, Skyla jumps up as fast as a ninja and sticks her foot in the gap, “Don’t listen to her, honey. Elise doesn’t mean it.”
I turn and walk away, heading back toward the spot I have been warming on the sofa. 
“Oh no you don’t sweetie, it’s off to the bathroom for you,” Skyla gently takes me by the arm and leads me in, letting go to turn the shower on. I glance at my reflection in the mirror. Oh, God, I shouldn’t have looked. What stares back at me is a wreck of a girl with dark circles under her eyes, knotted hair, and wearing three day old creased flannelette pajamas. Leaning in closer, I see, Oh my Lord, I see dried food crusted on my chin. Well, it’s official. I have hit rock bottom.
Skyla helps me strip down and into the shower. “I’ll be back in ten minutes with fresh clothes okay?” she calls out before closing the door. 
Like clockwork, Skyla returns ten minutes later, handing me my favorite pair of jogging pants and an oversized shirt. I get dressed, and, as soon as I’m done, Skyla begins working the knots out of my hair before finishing with a braid. 
Exiting the bathroom, we make our way out into the lounge where Elise is waiting for us. She is sitting on the sofa with oven-cooked pizza and garlic bread in front of her on the coffee table. This is Elise’s idea of cooking, and I’m touched by the effort, even more so when I glance at the TV and ready to go is none other than Grease.
I break down crying, feeling completely overwhelmed by the unconditional love I feel from my best friends.
“God, I love you girls,” I manage to choke out.
With a quick hug and kiss as I’m sitting down, Elise presses play. “Let’s get this party started, Curvies,” Elise sings out.
“Yeah, John Travolta, give me some summer lovin’,” Skyla calls out, jumping up and down clapping.
When the movie finishes, Skyla gets up to go and put a pot of coffee on for us. Within mere seconds, Elise jumps straight in with, “I know you’re upset, Bree, but you can’t hide away from everyone forever.”
“He’s a lying, cheating bastard,” I say as I begin to sob into my hands. 
“Are you sure about that? Did you let him explain anything?”
Okay, now I’m kind of pissed, my mood shifts drastically, and, before I know it, I’m shouting at her, “Explain what, Elise? Explain why he lied?” I stand up and begin pacing back and forth through the lounge room.
“Yes, yes, let him explain that,” Elise gets up, coming over to place herself in front of me and blocking off my pacing. She places her hands on her hips, “I get you’re mad at him, Bree, but are you sure that’s all this is about or is this your opportunity to push him away before he gets to close? You know, use your daddy issues and blame Taylor for your broken heart instead of admitting you’re the one screwing this up?”
AND I SLAP HER.
“You bitch, how dare you turn this on me. Make it my fault,” I scream in her face before adding, “At least I had a father.” She’s holding her cheek, staring at me stunned. 
Then it hits me, what I had just done. “Oh shit, Elise, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean ...” I say, reaching out to touch her.
Slapping my hand away she spits out, “Don’t you dare. I may not have known my father, Bree, but I wouldn’t be bragging about yours.” Elise turns and walks for the door. Grabbing the handle she pauses. Looking back at me with one hand still cradling her cheek and with hurt in her tone, “We both said and did things tonight that were uncalled for. I love you, Bree. Always will. Be there tomorrow night,” she instructs as she closes the door behind her.
What? Be where?
Through that whole unimaginable scene that just played out, not once did I notice that Skyla had been standing at the kitchen counter, cup in hand, witnessing what just happened.
“Skyla ... I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to do that,” I plead forgiveness. 
“Hey ... It’s okay,” she tries to soothe.  “We all do and say things we don’t mean. Elise knows she may have overstepped with her forward approach.” 
Skyla walks on over to the sofa, patting the seat silently, telling me to sit down and hands me the cup of coffee, “You’re going to work tomorrow night. At The Alley Cat.” 
I try to tell her that I just can’t do it, but she quickly cuts me off. 
“Hear me out. I spoke to Taylor, and he won’t be working tomorrow night. But you will. You still need to earn a living and it’s time to stop hiding.”
She’s right, and I know, regardless, I either stop sulking and suck it up or I think she might be capable of dragging me by the hair, screaming all the way to the bar.
“Okay,” I whisper.
Skyla gives me a huge grin as she stands up to leave, “Great, I’ll see you tomorrow night. Love you, sweetie.” 
“Love you more,” I respond as she makes her exit.


Chapter Twenty ~ Taylor
I take the night off from work like I promised Skyla. Earlier today, she had sent a message asking me to wait until nine before turning up. Throughout the day, I’m sure that I checked the clock every twenty minutes, which only made it the longest day I’ve ever had, and it felt like tonight would never come around.
Finally, eight-thirty showed its face, and it was time to get in the car and head for the bar. 
Arriving at The Alley Cat right at nine, I stay seated in the car, trying to take a few good, deep breaths. Now that I’m here, the excitement I felt about finally seeing her after a very long week of being separated has now been replaced with worry and anxiety about how she is going to react once she sees me.
Making my way through the front door, I stop at the bar and order a round of drinks for the table before making my way over to Alex and the Curvies.
I slide in next to Elise, and her hand finds mine underneath the table and gives a quick reassuring squeeze. Since walking in, I still had not even glanced toward the stage, feeling scared to death by the reaction I was going to see emanate from her face. Braving it, I look up and get my answer.
Bree may have been the most beautiful woman I had ever laid eyes on, but, right now, her face showed no sweetness, only rage.
Crap. Maybe I should get up and go?  I don’t think I can take one more minute of those beautiful emerald green eyes throwing me daggers that were piercing my heart.
I move to get up and go but Elise clamps tighter onto my hand as if she’s silently telling me to stay and wait.
Skyla jumps up, runs onto the stage, and begins to talk to Bree. All I can see is a lot of expressive hand movements and mouths opening and closing, and I know there’s no calm discussion taking place, only shouting. I see Skyla place her hands on Bree’s shoulders before pulling her into a hug and I know it’s game over. But who won?
Skyla let’s go of Bree and picks up the mic, “For our next song, please welcome to the stage our very sexy bar owner, Taylor, and our always talented karaoke host, Bree ...”
Shouts and claps erupt as people begin to crowd the stage for the performance to come. 
I take my cue and walk onto the stage grabbing the second mic from the stand before making my way over and standing next to Bree.
She doesn’t look at me, but the song has started and “Easy” by Rascal Flatts starts playing. I look toward Bree the whole time, directing every line and every word at her. 
When it comes time for Bree to sing her part, she turns and stares right back at me. I start to think that maybe we have a chance, after all. The song finishes and the bar erupts into shouts and clapping. Without embracing the applause, she just drops the mic and runs from the stage and out the back exit.
I look down at Skyla, who nods, letting me know she will take care of the music and I chase after Bree. 
Running out the back door, I see her trying to jump in the driver’s seat to take off. I grab her around the waist, refusing to let her get away from me without hearing me out.
“Let go of me, Taylor, I mean it,” trying to pry my hands apart. 
“Baby, just hear me out, please?” I beg.
“I’ll scream murder. Get away,” she continues to struggle against me. 
“Just give me five minutes, that’s all I’m asking.”
Bree slumps in my arms, giving up the fight. I ease my hold on her and she instantly takes a step back and away from me. I think she’s about to run again, but she just folds her arms and looks up at me, hurt lining her face.
“Okay, explain, I’m listening.”
Here we go.
“Those messages you read are not from another woman I’m seeing, I swear.”
“Well, who on Earth would send you messages asking when you’re coming home? OMG, she’s not your girlfriend. You’re married, aren’t you? That’s why there are messages about not going to bed until you ...”
“MY NIECE!” I shout, cutting her off before her ideas get more and more outrageous.
“My six year old niece, Pippa. I’m her guardian and sole caretaker now. The only family she has left, that’s why I’m always running off. Right now, she needs me, and, right now, it’s been hard. Wanting to be with you and wanting to be there for her.”
Bree is silent. Just standing there staring at me, her hand covering her mouth and I can see her trying to make sense of this piece of information. When she finally speaks again, it’s not the fury I expect to hear from her but, rather, there’s calmness in her voice. 
“Taylor, I’m sorry. I had no idea. I didn’t even know Sheila had a child. I knew she had passed away, but why keep it a secret? It hurts me that you felt you couldn’t tell me?”
“I only found out about Pippa two months before Sheila passed away. When my sister moved away, Dad and I barely heard from her and, after a few years, contact between us had ceased altogether. We were never close and neither were she and Dad. But she called me a few months before she passed and told me she had breast cancer, begging me to take care of Pippa. When my father died a few weeks after Sheila from a heart attack, it was just Pippa and me trying to make our way through the grief and learn to love each other.”
Bree remains silent and listens to everything I have to say. I tell her about why I decided to move my niece here, giving her a real home with room to breathe instead of raising her in an apartment above busy streets.
“You still haven’t answered my question. Why not tell me earlier about your niece? Why wait months Taylor?”
“When I told Alex I was coming home, he asked me if a small part of my decision was because I knew you still lived here. I told him it was ... because I never stopped thinking about you and what could have been between us given the chance. He advised me to call Skyla and explain my new guardian situation. She told me to lay low with that bit of information for a while. I think she was pretty certain you would run,” I laugh a little.
“Crap, every damn time. She’s right, I probably would have,” she chuckles, throwing her arms around me. “I’m very shocked by this news but also surprisingly okay with it and relieved. I thought you were cheating on me.”
Bree wasn’t the only one shocked by this right now. She was taking this better than I had expected. Looking at her with relief and sadness I say, “Please, baby, don’t run away again. I don’t think my heart could handle it.” 
Placing my hands on each side of her face I look her in the eyes, “I love you, Bree Carson,” I whisper before kissing her, pulling her in closer. I feel my world start to sew itself back together.
Bree abruptly pulls back, interrupting the moment I was beginning to get into, “I’m not going anywhere, Taylor, that is a promise I’m willing to keep. I won’t run. But you are going to introduce me to Pippa. Tomorrow, okay?”
“Okay, tomorrow.”
I go to kiss her again, Bree ducks and slides under my arm, and heads toward the door. 
“Got to finish work or the boss might not pay me,” she calls out. Looking back over her shoulder at me she adds, “Oh, and Taylor ... I love you, too.” She holds out her hand, waiting for me to take it. I do, and we make our way back inside.
Hand in hand, we push our way through the crowd to the front of the stage to watch Elise and Skyla entertaining and rockin’ out with “Poker Face” by Lady Gaga and are they keeping the party atmosphere alive. Wrapping my arms around Bree’s waist, life makes sense again and, this time, I know she’s not going anywhere. Mine forever. 


Chapter Twenty-One ~ Bree
After I finished work last night and continued making up with Taylor in a long kissing fest, he invited me over to his house for lunch so I could meet Pippa. And, now that it’s eleven-thirty and I’m sitting in the car outside his place. I’m nervous. What if she doesn’t like me, hates me, even? How is it that I’m scared of a six-year old girl’s opinion? ‘Time to find out,’ I tell myself as I knock.
Taylor answers the door and, my Lord, is he gorgeous. Dressed in jeans and a muscle shirt that is inviting me to once again touch his biceps. His gleaming, perfect mouth begging me for a kiss.
‘Stop it,’ I tell myself.
“Hi,” I say, suddenly feeling shy.
“What, no throwing yourself at me? I’m so disappointed.” He gives me that wicked sexy grin. “Um ... that’s probably a little inappropriate with a child around,” I respond, trying to peer around him and into the house.
Taylor pulls me through the door and circles my waist. Tipping me backward, he plants a kiss smack on my lips. “She’s in her room,” he informs me before standing me back upright, taking my hand, and leading me through to the kitchen.
“There’s something you need to know before meeting her.”
“Okay, hit me with it.”
Leaning over the counter Taylor informs me, “She doesn’t speak. I mean, she did. Since her mom passed, she won’t. That’s why I bought her the phone, she will message, though.”
“Umm. Wow. Okay. I can work with that,” I boldly reply.
Pippa pops her head around the corner, and I spot her before she quickly retreats again and I know what I have to do. It’s time to break the ice.
“Taylor, can I please have Pippa’s number?” I ask loud enough so she can hear.
He scribbles it down and passes it to me. 
I quickly type a message and send it to her, ‘Hello Pippa! I’m Bree. I just sent through my number so we can chat. Would love to meet you.’
Almost instantly, I get a message back. The girl can type fast, I’ll give her that.
‘Hi Bree. Want to see my room?’ it reads.
“Sure I would,” I say out loud. Getting up, I make my way around the corner and hold out my hand to her, “Lead the way.” 
‘Yep, I think she likes me,’ I happily think to myself as we take two steps at a time up the staircase.
It took a bit of getting used to, talking and typing. Pippa was adorable, though, showing me her room and messaging through her favorite songs and movies. She smiled a lot and always took my hand in hers before leading me to the next room and giving me the grand tour. I didn’t tell her that I used to come here when I was younger, it was just too exciting for us both to spoil with useless past information.
Pippa didn’t look much like Taylor. They both had brown eyes but, where he had dark hair, she had blonde hair with little springy ringlets reminding me of a little cherub.
Throughout lunch, she would message, usually to Taylor, and he would just laugh and answer her with a simple yes or no. They were keeping me out of their private conversation, and I thought, ‘Two can play that game.’
When it came time for me to leave, I gave Taylor a quick peck and bent down to say my goodbyes to Pippa. “I really enjoyed today. The best part about lunch was getting to meet you,” I look at her.
‘Will I get to see you again?’
“Sure will. And you can message me whenever you want. Okay?”
‘Do you love uncle T?’
“Yes, sweetie, I really do.”
Pippa reaches over and wraps her arms around me briefly then takes off running back down the hall.
“What did she just send you?” Taylor inquires as he wraps me in his arms. 
“Sorry, private conversation.”
“Oh really? Fair enough, I will stay out of the girl talk.”
As I’m driving home, I begin to whistle and wonder if my life has ever felt this great and hoping that each day that passes will only get better. No more running away, making excuses. I’m in this, and I couldn’t be happier.


Chapter Twenty-Two ~ Bree
Months have passed and autumn has said its goodbye and winter has come along to greet us, bringing with it all kinds of surprises.
Taylor and I have spent every day together, most of them including Pippa. Phone messaging has ghastly become the new normal and, if she’s not with us, then she wants to be around Skyla or Elise. 
She is always begging us to go to the coffee shop where she gets to see Henry, who is now also an expert in the art of texting. Maggie is so smitten that Pippa gets spoiled with whatever she asks for that there has been more than once that the little cherub has come home with a belly ache from all the treats she has digested. Although she may only be six, Pippa has officially become a member of the Curvies and joins us every Sunday for our girls only date night and I can’t imagine my life without her.
Christmas comes and, with it, our mothers return for the holiday season. Yay. We all missed them so much. Christmas Day is a little different. We were all so used to just being the six of us girls but this year the family has grown. 
Skyla suggests we host dinner at the shop. Along with the Curvies and our mothers, there will also be Taylor, Pippa, Henry, Maggie, Alex and his parents and uncle. Praise The Lord there’s no Mike tonight.
Skyla went all out, decorating the shop, bringing in a Christmas tree, and lighting the fireplace. All of us started early this morning, chipping in and helping Susie cook up a mouth-watering feast. As we all sat down to devour the heavenly meal, my mother insisted upon seating Pippa next to her. Within a second of meeting the cherub, Gail had instantly fallen in love and was already telling the poor thing to call her grandma. 
As we ate, the happiness and joy of togetherness filled the room.
When dinner had come to an end, we all exchanged gifts and thanked each other. Pippa ended up with the mother lode, all of us should have invested and just bought her a toy store.
Looking around and taking in the faces of the people I loved, the one person unaccounted for being Charlie. I thought that my night couldn’t possibly get any better.
I was sitting on one of the sofa seats by the fire with Taylor with Pippa squeezed in between us. Alex and Skyla were sitting across from us, and he had his arm placed around Skyla’s shoulders. The rest of the group was behind us, circled around the stereo singing along to the Christmas carols. Elise was trying to sing along with gusto, eggnog sloshing carelessly in one hand. Yep, best Christmas ever.
Pippa tugs on my sleeve to get my attention, and I look down at her nestled under my arm.
“What is it, sweetie?” I say waiting for her to pull out her phone and type what she wants to say.
“I love you, Bree,” she whispers.
“Oh, I love you. What? Did you just ...?” OMG, she spoke. She actually spoke. Overwhelmed by what I just heard, I begin blubbering like a baby. Big fat tears start flowing down my face, my nose joining in the waterfall of happiness.
“Baby, what’s wrong?” Taylor asks worriedly and cutting his conversation with Alex short. 
“I just told her I loved her,” Pippa answers him.
Taylor sits there, mouth hanging open and the whole room falls silent. The only sound still heard is coming from the stereo.
“She spoke. Pippa just spoke!” Taylor jumps up shouting. Then, kneeling down, he wraps her in an embrace.
“I love you, too, Uncle T.”
And that’s does it. The tears start falling from the majority and, now, the night couldn’t get any better.


Chapter Twenty-Three ~ Happy New Year Bree
New Year’s Eve came in the blink of an eye, and Alex has invited the Curvies and Taylor over to his new house just fifteen minutes out of Seneca Falls along Cayuga Lake. With our mothers still back for the holidays, Gail is still acting as honorary grandmother. She wanted to watch Pippa for the night. With Susie and Elena also completely smitten, Pippa begged for us to go. Oooohhh, that girl is going to be so spoiled while we’re away.
We arrive at Alex’s new home. Actually, calling it a home makes it sound quaint, so I’m going to say a big friggin’ house or mini-mansion. A beautiful extra-large renovated weatherboard with a wraparound porch, manicured gardens, private dock and boat house make up this stunning property, and it really is beautiful.
Taylor grabs our bags from the trunk, and we make our way onto the porch.
“Bree, Taylor, you guys are finally here. Yeeeeee!” Skyla comes squealing through the door, wrapping us both in a hug. “Oh, I’m so glad you both arrived. Isn’t it amazing? It’s like my perfect dream home. One day, I’m going to make enough money to buy one just like this. Want to come inside?” Okay, so something is definitely bothering her. First of all, she is talking a mile a minute. Second, she’s biting her lower lip, and we know that’s only done if she’s nervous or up to something.
“Honey, is everything alright? You seem ... on edge,” I ask, giving her a puzzled look. 
“Of course, everything’s okay.  Everyone is here. Yay!” Now she’s clapping and still continues to bite her lip.
“Well ... alright, let’s go and check out the inside,” Taylor responds, walking around Skyla and through the entrance.
Skyla follows behind but quickly takes the lead and guides us up the stairs into one of the bedrooms. “Taylor, this is your room. Bree, yours is down the end of the hallway,” she grins at us both.
“I know, stupid bet,” I grumble.
Still holding my suitcase, Taylor takes my hand, “Come on, my sexy Curvy, let’s keep you chaste,” he laughs as we continue to follow Skyla down the hallway. “Just think of how rockin’ our wedding night will be,” giving me that oh so yummy, cheeky grin.
“Who says I’ll marry you?” I tease.
“Oh, you will. You love me.”
“Well, ask and find out,” I dare, and I swear I see Skyla doing mini claps as she walks in front. I just roll my eyes.
I’m left alone to settle into my new room, which also has its own suite and walk-in closet.
I’m so excited—it’s like being at a five star resort. Now, all I need is a butler. Hmmm, where’s Taylor? Yeah, somehow I don’t think he will relish that role. 
When I’ve finished rolling all over the bed and have checked the bathroom for mini-toiletries to steal (p.s. must talk to Alex about stocking up on mini soap and shampoo bottles), I make my way downstairs to find the kitchen.
At the bottom of the stairs, I come face to face with the front door. If I look right, there is a huge living room, to my left is a dining room. I peer around behind the stairs where there is a hallway, and I decide to see where it takes me. 
Walking to the end of the passage, I come into a massive game room with another sitting area attached, which overlooks an outdoor entertainment area through large glass doors that can open right up, bringing the inside and outside together. Ooohhh, I spot a hot tub and get all giddy inside.
Still trying to find where everyone is, I make my way back down the hallway, and I spot a door to my left, so I push through and, what do you know? I’ve found the kitchen.
Everyone is there, and the alcohol has already started flowing freely. Apart from the Curvies, there are Alex and Taylor. I also see Mike has parked his butt on a counter seat.
“Bree, you made it down,” greets Alex, coming over to welcome me. “You remember Kat, don’t you?” 
Now, I’m starting to understand Skyla’s crazy, fast talking, lip biting scene when we arrived. “Yes, yes, I do. Hello, Kat,” I say through clenched teeth, not once taking my eyes off Alex. 
“Hey, Bree, it’s totally cool to see you again,” like the young twenty-year-old ditz I remember.
“I know, like how cool to see you, Bree,” Elise mimics, and I can’t help but giggle. 
Kat doesn’t even notice the mock, being she is simply too busy updating her status on Facebook.
“Soooo, what will it be for my sexy Curvy? Wine? Beer?” Taylor asks, heading for the fridge. 
“I’ll have a wine, thanks.” I take the glass from Taylor and walk over to the girls.
“Hey, let’s go drink this on the dock,” I suggest. 
“I’ll grab the bottle,” Elise jumps up.
“And the orange juice,” Skyla beams.
As we walk out of the kitchen, I stop and whisper in Alex’s ear, “Yep, this is definitely going to win her over.” His face drops, and I leave him there questioning his choice.
We sit on the dock all of ten minutes before our hands freeze and we can’t brave the cold any longer. We will definitely try this idea again in summer, I promise myself. When we’re back inside, everyone has migrated down to the game room. 
Pool is being played, music is on, and Kat and Mike are dancing. Now, they should be a couple, for no other reason than they’re keeping my best friends apart. And I don’t really like them.
By the time ten rolls around, we are well and truly on our way to drunkenness. Elise pulls out body paint and decides to draw art work on each of us, typical flowers, butterflies, superman and Spider-Man stuff. 
Whispering to Skyla, Elise informs, “We are going to have so much fun with permanent markers later. I packed for an art show” We all burst into laughter.
The countdown approaches, and we are officially hammered, except for Skyla, who doesn’t drink. Mike and Kat are in the hot tub. Elise has already passed out on the couch. Taylor has me firmly around the waist, ready to see us both into the New Year.
Alex and Skyla are shouting out, “Ten, nine, eight, seven ...”
Wow, this is a big step for me. In all my dating history, I have never been with someone I love like Taylor and looking forward to what the New Year brings.
“Six, five, four ...”
I turn in Taylor’s arms to face him and look into his sexy eyes. 
“Three, two, one.”
And then I kiss him, bringing us both into a New Year. A new journey ahead of us.
I hear Skyla scream, “Happy New Year!” before a horn goes off and nearly blows my ear drum out.
“Damn, Skyla, a noise horn? Great, I think I’m deaf,” I say holding a hand over my right ear. 
“Oops, sorry, Happy New Year. Yay!”
“So, Skyla, wanna kiss me for New Year’s luck?” Alex shyly asks.
“Nope. Shouldn’t you be asking Kitty?” she replies, arms crossed, fake smile plastered on her cute face. Then, she turns and walks away.
“Yep, definitely going to win her over,” I give Alex two big thumbs up.
Turning back toward Taylor, I say in all my Top Gun glory, “Taylor, take me to bed or lose me forever,” and I really mean it. Screw the bet, I WANT HIM.
“Oh, I’ll take you to bed. Let’s go.”
I remember him throwing me over his shoulder. I remember him beginning to climb the stairs. And that’s all I remember.
CRAP.


Chapter Twenty-Four ~ Bree
“Hey, sleeping beauty, wake up,” Elise whispers. 
“Go away, I feel sick.”
“Nope, not going to happen. Permanent markers are out to play,” and I hear quiet giggles. 
“What time is it?” I ask, rubbing at my eyes.
“It’s five in the morning, so get up,” Skyla commands, pulling the covers back.
I sit up and Skyla has a big glass of water in hand waiting for me.
“Thanks, sweetie,” I raise the glass at her as I’m getting to my feet. We make our way down the hall. First stop, Taylor’s room. I feel kind of bad about what we’re about to do, let’s just hope he finds it funny tomorrow. When Elise has finished, our second stop is Alex’s room. Kat’s not there, but, after were done with him, we find her passed out downstairs, leaning up against the kitchen cupboard, wine glass still in hand. Last but not least, we find Mike asleep and snoring underneath the pool table.
After our art project, we tip-toe back upstairs and all jump into my guest bed, laughing ourselves silly underneath the blankets.
“Okay, nobody let one go while our heads are under here, please,” I laugh and snort. 
“Too late,” Elise informs.
“Seriously, Elise” Skyla joins in. “Nope.”
Twenty minutes later, we have all drifted back to sleep.
Skyla wakes Elise and me around eight. “Come on, Curvies, I can hear them all downstairs. Time to face the music.” Making our way down, we all try and keep a straight face, knowing what we are about to encounter. Entering the kitchen, we see everybody sitting around the breakfast bar, having coffee, bacon and eggs, and chatting.
They all look over at us. Big grins adorn their faces and Taylor gets up to greet me. “Good morning, my sexy Curvy. Want a coffee?” he asks as he kisses my cheek. 
“Um, okay ... sounds good,” I reply, trying not to laugh. Elise can’t control herself any longer and bursts into full blown hysterics.
“Wow, you guys look as pretty as a picture this fine morning,” Skyla compliments, no sign of a smile gracing her face. ‘Damn, she’s good,’ I think while beginning to laugh myself.
Taylor passes me my coffee, and Alex replies, “Why, thank you, Skyla. We look this pretty because some Curvies decided to paint us sometime this morning, I’m thinking between four and six a.m.”
“Okay, we are sorry. We just couldn’t resist,” I say, looking around at the still smiling faces.
We had gone easy on Taylor, only drawing a moustache and goatee. With Alex, we wrote ‘kiss this’ on his forehead, followed by an arrow that lined the length of his nose, where little red rose bud lips were drawn in the middle, reminding me of a geisha. For Kat, we went a little more complex, drawing a kitten on one cheek and a foot on the other.
“I don’t get it,” Kat asked, pointing at her face.
“It’s the song ‘Kitty’ by Presidents of the United States, you know the lyrics, ‘Kitty at my foot and I want to touch it,’” Elise answers.
“I don’t get it.” Elise just rolls her eyes like what’s the point. Last but once again not least, is Mike. For him, we went extreme, giving him a full clown face, big red lips and all.
“Okay, what are you going to do to us?” I ask, not really wanting to know the answer. “Nothing at all. You got us fair and square,” Taylor assures me, patting my hand.
“Well done,” Alex injects, while giving us an elaborate bow.
“Now hurry up and eat and get into some really warm clothes because we’re going to a private cheese and wine tasting I organized for us all,” Alex informs us as he places his plate in the sink and, still smiling, leaves the kitchen.
We rush to eat and get changed before making our way outside and to the cars. The girls and I can’t stop giggling every time we look at the four of them. I mean how can you take a person seriously with drawings all over his face? I do feel a little bad and think maybe we could have used makeup instead of permanents. Oh well, in a day or two, it will all be gone.
“Are you sure you want to go out looking like that?” Elise snickers.
“It’s fine, remember, it’s a private tasting,” Alex replies and he’s still smiling at us. 
“You Curvies are in Taylor’s car. Taylor and I will escort the other two in my car,” he instructs.
Taylor hands me the keys and gives me a quick kiss. “See you soon,” he waves before jumping in the passenger seat of Alex’s car.
I start the engine and follow Alex down the winding road. Five minutes into the trip, the car starts making a choking, chugging noise.
“What’s wrong?” Skyla looks over at me, worry etching her face.
“I don’t know,” I say, pumping the accelerator, but the car starts to bunny hop until it begins to slow down and comes to a complete stop.
“Did we just run out of gas?” Elise questions, leaning into the front. 
“Of course not. We filled the car up before leaving yesterday.”
“Try and start the car again,” Elise tells me, a huge grin on her face.
I try again and nothing. Leaving the battery on I look at the fuel gauge. Empty. What the ...?
Elise starts laughing as she informs me happily, “They drained the tank. That’s classic.”
“Are you serious?” I’m looking at her, hoping this is a joke. Skyla pulls out her phone and rings Alex, putting him on loud speaker.
“Hello, Curvies, where are you?” he asks breezily, and I can tell he’s smiling.
“Congratulations, revenge on the Curvies is a go. Mission complete,” Skyla informs. Laughter from the four of them comes through loud and clear.
“Hah hah, now come pick us up!” I yell back at them. “We will freeze to death if left here,” I sulk.
“Sorry, my sexy Curvy, but we still have a wine tasting to attend. Love you,” Taylor tells me before they hang up.
Elise is still laughing as we make our way back to the house on foot and Skyla is skipping, trying to get me to as well, “It keeps you warm, come on,” she encourages. But I continue on marching. I’m mad, like really fire breathing mad. I should have seen this coming. What with all the smiling they were doing.
We make it back in one piece. Frozen but alive. Okay, so I’m one for the dramatics. We pack our clothes and load them into Skyla’s car. Before we leave, Skyla leaves a note for them.
Dear Gentlemen and Kitty, 
New Years was a blast.
The artwork beautiful. The empty car a classic.
The toilet paper decorations a masterpiece. 
Love,
The Curvies xo.
Yeah, that’s right. Before leaving, we got the final laugh. Finding every available toilet roll we decided to decorate the whole house, front to back, boat house included. It’s a New Year’s never to be forgotten, and we had a blast. Suddenly, I’m not so mad anymore.


Chapter Twenty-Five ~ Taylor
Winter ended and spring came, bringing with it new decisions and anticipated commitments. The last seven months of my life have felt like a dream, new beginnings, highs and lows, laughter and tears, and more laughter. And love. Yes, it was certainly a dream and one I did not want to wake from.
Becoming guardian to Pippa was one of the scariest things I have ever had to take on. I questioned myself for months about whether I could even handle the role, I mean, what did I know about raising a six-year old? Now, though, I couldn’t imagine my life without her. Things have gotten a lot easier now that she has begun to speak again. Hah, it’s hard to shut her up, and she has even embraced the sitter, no longer waiting up for me to get home.
Bree, well ... she’s amazing. I want to spend every waking moment with her and every sleeping moment. Skyla mentioned to me early on about the bet, and I know it’s almost killing Bree not to give in. Heavens, it’s just about killing me, but I plan to change that.
It’s a perfect Saturday night. Everything is going my way, the night is clear, stars are starting to twinkle in the sky, and the temperature is still cool, but that is the last thing I’m going to complain about. It’s seven o’clock and I’m driving over to Skyla’s shop, it’s the first time since she opened that she was more than willing to close the store for personal reasons.
Seeing me pull up, Skyla opens the shop door and waves me in, looking both ways as if we were about to embark on a secret mission. Well, that’s actually right on the mark. 
After I enter the store, Skyla takes my hand and pulls me toward the back.
“Okay, so is everything ready? Where’s Bree?” I ask, starting to feel the knots form in my stomach.
“At home with Elise, watching Grease,” she giggles. When we step outside and into the terrace, Operation ‘Get Bree Here’ begins.
Skyla drops my hand and pulls out her phone and dials, placing the call on loud speaker. 
“Sup?” Bree answers, talking around a mouthful of food.
“BREE. Get in your car NOW and get to the cafe. I did something really, really bad.” Skyla rushes out in a panic.
“What?” not sounding too worried. And, if I know Bree, she’s probably rolling her eyes at Skyla’s dramatics right now.
“Well ... Taylor stopped by to drop off some extra equipment for me tonight,” she pauses, “and,” now my sexy Curvy is starting to get a little worry in her voice, “well, you know how I took those self-defense classes last year? Taylor came up behind me as I was entering the office and scared me. So I dropped to the ground, rolled, and kicked him down the stairs. And now he’s not moving,” Skyla sounds really convincing and I’m actually envisioning the scene (note to self: never sneak up on Skyla).
“Crap. Skyla, call the ambulance NOW!” I hear her screaming through the phone. “Technically, this is his fault, Bree. Ooh, hold on ... I think ... yep he’s moving ... sort of.”
“I’m on my way, Elise is calling the ambulance, just in case,” and she hangs up.
“‘Operation Get Bree Here’ is a go. She’s coming, good luck,” Skyla claps, a huge grin stretching across her face.
“Thank you for everything, Skyla. I owe you so much,” I squeeze her close to me as I kiss her cheek.
“No Taylor, you owe me nothing. You helped me once ... I just returned the favor. That’s what friends do, right?”
Skyla walks backward through the door, giving me the thumbs up before disappearing, and I’m left standing there. Waiting.


Chapter Twenty-Six ~ Bree
Oh God, I’m freaking out right now, please let him be okay. Don’t speed, don’t panic, don’t speed, don’t panic, I keep repeating to myself over and over, wishing I were already there. And why does it suddenly feel like the car is only moving twenty miles an hour?
What if he’s broken his arm? Or his leg? Or, worse, his neck? And, like always, my mind goes to the worst case scenario.
I finally get there. Thank God. Slamming on my brakes and parking on an angle, I pull up right in front of the shop and right behind Taylor’s car. ‘Crap, they’ve already taken him and Skyla’s obviously booted everyone out and closed the shop.’ The lights are all turned off in the shop but, in her haste, she has probably forgotten about the terrace lights, as I can see them shining through the front window.
I grab the door handle, and it turns. Either someone’s still here or she’s even forgotten to lock the door. Letting myself in, I run for the bottom of the stairs.
“Skyla?” I yell up. No answer. “Skyla, are you there?” I repeat.
And nothing.
Oh, Lord, I have to get to the hospital.
I race down the back to flick off the garden light, heart hammering loud in my ears. I just want to get going to make sure that he is alright.
I stop. I’m ... speechless.
Taylor’s not hurt. Nope. He looks fine, more than fine. He looks AMAZING in a black fitted suit and tie. Taylor is on one knee, and he’s smiling ... at me.
“Are you going to stand there all night? Or are you going to get over here?” he laughs.
I’m still standing there, mouth open, one hand on the light switch and the other hand frozen waist high holding my car keys. Closing my mouth, I drop my arms, drop the keys, and slowly start walking, never taking my eyes off his. In my peripheral vision, I can see the twinkle lights swaying in the breeze, illuminating our surroundings. Upon the ground, lie hundreds of candles, all sizes lighting up the terrace and guiding me toward Taylor, who kneels in the middle of flowers, all red roses set out in the shape of a horse shoe around him.
As I come to stand in front of him, I am still rendered speechless. I question if this is really happening? It’s as if I’ve walked into a fairy tale and found my Prince Charming waiting on bended knee for me. Taking my left hand softly in his, Taylor breaks my thoughts.
“Bree, from the moment you walked into the bar and back into my life, I knew that I wanted to be with you. These last seven months with you have been the happiest of my life. I want to spend the rest of our life on Earth showing you every day just how much I love you. Would you do me the honor of becoming my wife?”
He pulls a black box from his jacket pocket and skillfully opens it with one hand to display a gold banded, square cut diamond ring, holding it out before me. I don’t hesitate, not even for a second. I love this man too much to want anything else.
“Yes, Yes, Yes,” I cry, kneeling down in front of Taylor, bringing us eye to eye. “Of course I’ll marry you, Taylor Cole, I’m in love with you, always, forever,” I say, grabbing his face and planting a huge kiss on his lips.
Taylor pulls back, “There’s something I have to do first.” 
“What?” I ask, feeling confused.
“Put the ring on my fiancée’s finger.” Taking my hand, he slips the ring upon my finger and softly kisses my hand before he quickly pulls me onto his lap and we resume the lip locking.
I get the feeling sometime during our passionate embrace that Skyla may still be around. While we are busy locked in our own romantic world, someone has turned on some music. “Now and Forever” by Richard Marx starts playing, and I swear I can hear some giggles coming from somewhere. Yep, I spot Elise and Skyla trying to spy on us from the apartment above the shop, seeing two sets of eyes trying to peer out above the bottom of the window. For a moment in the car, I thought I saw Elise following me, but, in my panic, I dismissed the thought. 
I turn my attention back to the moment I’m in as Taylor stands and pulls me up and into his arms. We begin dancing along to the song. And I’m happy this night, with this proposal, and with this man who is everything a girl could want.


Chapter Twenty-Seven ~ Elise
“And you’re not nervous? Not even a little bit?”
“Nope,” Bree happily responds. Standing in front of the long mirror as Skyla continues fussing over her, Bree just positively glows in a simple white halter gown that hugs around the hips and her glossy red hair pinned on one side, a simple bouquet of purple roses in hand. Well ... she’s just stunning, and it makes me want to cry a little, I’m so happy for her.
“How can you not be nervous? He only proposed a month ago,” I question. This is Bree, for crying out loud, commitment is not her middle name.
“Because I love him and the rest we will figure out along the way.”
Bree turns away from the mirror and looks over at her mother sitting in the corner and uncontrollably blubbering. But not alone, no, my mother, Elena, and Susie are in on the sob fest as well. I roll my eyes and think, ‘Jeez, it’s just a wedding, not a funeral.’
“Mom, don’t cry or you’ll make me start crying,” Bree chokes out as she begins to fan her eyes. 
“Yeah, Grandma, I’ve got the hardest job of all,” Pippa announces, “I’m the one everybody will be looking at first.” Pippa is dressed in a soft lavender dress like Skyla and me, just a smaller version, with a little posy of white roses to match ours and she looked like an angel.
“You’re right, sweetheart, you do have the hardest job. And all I have to do is hand her over and sit quietly,” Gail smiles, blotting her eyes with one hand and pinching Pippa’s cheek with other.
“Okay, I hate to break up this very moving moment, but the music is about to start, and it’s time to take our positions,” Skyla politely informs us.
Our mothers hug Bree and make haste to their seats. Gail stands at the door, supervising Pippa, who is poking her head around the corner, eager to do her part. Bree, Skyla, and I huddle in a circle, holding hands looking around at one another.
“Ready Curvies?” Skyla grins at us. “Ready if you are,” I wink at Bree.
“Oh, God, yes, bring it on,” Bree answers, unable to contain her excitement.
Pippa has already started up the aisle and, just as Skyla is about to start her walk, I ask. “So, apart from Alex, who’s the other groomsman? Will I like him?”
Skyla doesn’t turn to look at me, but I know she’s smiling. I can feel it. “Oh, you’ll like him alright.” And off she goes.
I start walking on cue, Skyla constantly reminded me to start when she hit the halfway mark. So, off I go, smiling at the guests as I make my way down the aisle trying to be as feminine as the day calls for and being the best bridesmaid I can be. As I look up and see the wedding party waiting for me to join them, my stomach hits the floor. My heart starts hammering and my mouth has gone dry. I’m frozen to the spot by what I see.
Noooooooo, this is not real. Because, if this is real, then standing next to Alex and giving me his oh-so-devilish grin is none other than my first love, Charlie Barnes.
This is going to be a long night.
~

Copyright Statement
This is an IndieMosh book
brought to you by MoshPit Publishing
an imprint of Mosher’s Business Support Pty Ltd
Shop 1, 197 Great Western Highway
Hazelbrook NSW 2779
http://www.moshpitpublishing.com.au 

First Edition © Sarah Gai 2014

The right of Sarah Gai to be identified as the author of this work has been asserted by her in accordance with the Copyright Amendment (Moral Rights) Act 2000.
Cataloguing-in-Publication entry is available from the National Library of Australia: http://catalogue.nla.gov.au/ 
Author: Gai, Sarah
Publisher: MoshPit Publishing
ISBN: 978-0-9925046-2-5 (paperback)
978-0-9925046-3-2 (ebook: epub)
978-0-9925046-4-9 (ebook: mobi)
Subject: Fiction

All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the Australian Copyright Act 1968 (for example, fair dealing for the purposes of study, research, criticism or review) no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without written permission of the publisher


Acknowledgments
First and foremost I want to thank my Lord God for being my one constant.
To Amanda Triplett at Progressive Edits and Bret James Stewart for all their hard work on my manuscript.
Iliyana Omareva from Wonderburg Creations for the amazing book cover design.
My beta readers who fell in love with the characters and are begging me for a peek of the second book.
Mum thank you for loving me with your whole heart.
Dad you gave me my love for books and with that my imagination took flight.
Alana and Rebecca my very own Curvies you ground me.
Big Eskimo kisses to my three amazing boys, mummy loves you so much.
My very patient, supportive husband I love you honey.

Sarah Gai, 2014

Follow Sarah Gai
Follow Sarah Gai and stay updated on book releases at:
http://www.Facebook.com/sarahgaiauthor 
http://www.Twitter.com/sarahgaicurvy 
http://www.Goodreads.com/Sarahgai 
http://www.Pinterest.com/sarahgaicurvy 
http://www.sarahgai.com 

