The Seduction
Part 1 of a filthy,
seductive new serial
by Roxy Sloane
For exclusive giveaways, and secrets
of the series sign-up for my newsletter:
http://eepurl.com/S-rWz
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 Roxy Sloane
Cover Photo: Dylan Borgman
Cover Design: Louisa Maggio at LM Creations
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
ONE
TWO
THREE
FOUR
FIVE
SIX
SEVEN
EIGHT
NINE
TEN
ELEVEN
TWELVE
THIRTEEN
FOURTEEN
FIFTEEN
SIXTEEN
SEVENTEEN
ONE
All women look the same on their knees with their mouth wrapped around my cock.
You like to think you’re different, special somehow. You spend all that time fixing your hair and makeup, picking out a dress that your annoying friend swears makes you look like a million bucks. But you want to know the truth? I don’t give a fuck. After a hundred lays, you all look the same to me. Blonde, redhead, brunette-- the view’s the same from up here. The crown of your head bobbing, the round globes of your naked ass. The only thing that’s different is how you suck me off.
The woman down there right now is no pro, I’ll tell you that much. I’d bet she hasn’t been on her knees in years. No wonder her husband hired me, dealing with this bullshit. She’s eager though, lapping away at me, fumbling with my balls, letting out little breathy moans as she struggles to take my massive dick deeper in her mouth. She can’t get up a rhythm to save her life, so I save her the trouble: fisting my hands in her hair and yanking her closer, fucking her mouth, deep and hard, until I’m hitting the back of her throat and she’s whimpering like crazy, sucking me down, desperate for more.
Fuck yeah, like that baby.
I feel the tightness in my balls, that shiver in the base of my cock. I’m close, but fuck it, I’m not getting paid to cum all over her naked breasts. With a growl, I yank her off me and throw her face-down over the couch. She gasps in surprise, but I don’t wait a minute before grabbing her hips and slamming into her from behind, all the way to the fucking hilt.
She screams, arching back against me, grinding desperately on my cock. I shove her down again, trapping her in place as I piston in and out of her wet pussy, over and over,
“God!” she cries, gasping beneath me. “Oh my god! Vaughn! That feels so good!”
Her voice is irritating me now, distracting me from the warm, wet clench of her cunt, so I pull her body up against me, gagging her with one hand while I squeeze and pinch at her breasts. They’re damn fine too, big and ripe, bouncing with the impact every time I slam into her, impaling her with my cock, driving so goddamn deep I can feel her walls with every thrust.
Her pussy starts trembling. She’s close. I thrust, again and again, until the world goes dark and there’s nothing but the slide of my cock and the friction of her dripping channel. She comes with a scream, clenching around me, and I finally let go. She falls to her back, those gorgeous tits bouncing in rhythm. I let out a roar, fucking one final thrust then pull out, coming in a hot spurt all over her.
Fuck. I pump with my fist, spilling my milky seed all over her chest, her hair, her face until finally it ebbs away and I’m done.
She pants, her face flushed, staring at me adoringly. “That was amazing,” she breathes.
I’ve had better, but she doesn’t need to know.. “It was all you.,” I tell her with one of my trademark grins – the kind that would melt her panties right off, if she wasn’t already naked and dripping with my cum. “You were amazing.”
I zip my jeans up and take two strides to the console, picking up the digital camera I have waiting there. Before she can wipe me from her chest, I snap a photo.
“What are you doing?” she frowns, uncertain.
“Just something for my private collection,” I wink. “Smile and say, ‘pussy’.”
She bites her lip, but then strikes a pose, pouting her lips and pushing her breasts up with both hands. “Promise you won’t show them to anyone,” she says, spreading her knees and giving the camera what she thinks is a sultry look.
“Promise,” I lie, snapping off a whole dozen more. Naked breasts, shaved pussy, even the moles on her right hip in case she tries to cry Photoshop. “These will just keep me company, every time I think of you.”
“Why don’t you come pose with me?” She licks her lips again, but I’ve got no interest in a second go at her pussy. My job here is done. “I’m going out,” I tell her, turning away.
“But...” Her eyes fill with tears as she realizes she’s naked and covered in cum in some stranger’s apartment. “I thought... I thought...”
“What? That I love you?” I ask. Goddamn, these women are so fucking naive. “I knew from the start, I could never have you,” I explain, trying to look regretful. “You’re married. This can never be real. I should go now,” I add grabbing my jacket and head for the door. “Don’t make this harder on me than it has to be.”
It’s the same bullshit line I give all the women, like I want nothing more than to make this random fuck into something meaningful – and they’re the one’s keeping us apart. But the truth is, sex is always a lie. I learned that the hard way a long time ago, and this is my payment for ever caring. Caring is not worth the pain. So I changed. I became who I am today. A fucking machine.
“I’ll remember you, always,” her voice follows me out, cracking with regret.
I hide a grin. I won’t remember her name come tomorrow. This might have been the best fucking night of her life, but for me, it’s just another client.
Seducing women is my job. And I’m damn good at it.
TWO
KEELY
“I’m good at my job.”
“Try and sound a little more convincing.”
I take a deep breath and say it with determination. “I’m good at my job.”
“Atta girl.” My friend Justine hits the elevator button. She swears by positive affirmations. She takes a gulp of the venti-sized coffee I just bought her and yawns. I’m a paralegal at the firm, not her assistant, but she’s the one who got me this gig, so I try to repay her with lattes. I also do my best to make sure she doesn’t go into work looking like she just got out of bed from a weekend-long sex marathon.
“Your shirt’s done up wrong,” I tell her, as the crowd of businessmen cram into the elevator with us. “And you forgot to brush your hair.”
“Whoops.” Justine laughs. She holds out the coffee for me to hold, and rebuttons her shirt. All the guys around us stare, but she just winks. “Sorry boys, I’m all worn out,” she says, as we reach our floor.
“Justine!” I hiss, as we walk past the reception to Hudgens, Cartwright & Abrams, one of the top law firms in LA. “You can’t say stuff like that, not if you want to be taken seriously around here.”
“Please.” She rolls her eyes. “I bring in a shit-ton of business and my billables are through the roof. They respect me plenty.”
I sigh. I could only dream of having Justine’s reputation as a cut-throat litigator and all round ball-buster. As a paralegal, I’m the bottom of the food-chain around here. It’s my goal to go to law-school and become a real lawyer one day, but that’s going to take a stellar LSAT score and a couple of hundred thousand dollars in student loans I can’t afford.
For now, I’m stuck assisting the real lawyers on their cases: doing all the research while they take the glory. Most of the time, it’s not so bad: I’m learning a lot here. But then there are the lawyers who treat me like their own personal slave.
“Flaws!”
The yell makes me flinch. Carter Abrams IV, son of the senior partner here, and all round jackass. I’ve told him a hundred times my surname is Fawes, but he just likes to make my life a living hell.
“Remember, you’ve got to stand up to him if you want to be take seriously,” Justine reminds me. “Keep letting him treat you like shit, and you’ll never earn his respect.”
I could single-handedly win every case on the books right now, and Carter would still hate my guts, but I give Justine a smile all the same. “Thanks, babe,” I sigh. “I better get to it.”
“Flaws!”
I open the door to his office just as Carter lets out another yell. “I’m right here.” I try to sound like Justine: confident and in control. Carter just sneers.
“Old man Ashcroft is in Conference Room B. He’s got more questions.”
I pause, confused. “It’s a simple will we’re drawing up. I wonder what’s the problem.”
“I don’t give a shit what his problem is,” Carter says. “Go handle it. That old fart rambles on, it makes me want to blow my fucking brains out.”
“But you told me to gather case files for the Montgomery appeal,” I start to reply. I’m buried with work as it is -- not just from Carter, but three of the other associates too.
“So? I’m not your fucking mother. Multitask!” Carter scowls at me. “Now don’t leave him waiting. He’s an important client.”
Not important enough for you to get off your fat ass and work for a change, I silently reply. But Carter is already clicking at his computer again. As I turn to leave, I hear the first moans from his speakers that mean he’s looking at porn again.
“Close the door!” he yells. I shut it behind me with a shudder. One time I walked in on him without knocking and found one of the assistants on her knees. Carter treats the office like his personal playroom -- and because his daddy is the boss, he gets away with it too.
But as I turn down the hall to the conference room, my spirits lift again. Our client, Charles Ashcroft, is a great guy. He made his fortune in paper mills and shipping, back in the day. He’s in his late seventies now, and needs a full-time nurse to wheel an oxygen tank behind him wherever he goes, but he loves to chat and tell funny stories about his youth.
“There’s my favorite future lawyer,” Ashcroft greets me as I step into the room.
“I’m sorry I’m late,” I tell him. “Can I get you tea or coffee, or something to eat?”
“Psh.” Ashcroft waves my offer away, his blue eyes bright and full of life, even against the wrinkles of his old, weathered face. “You shouldn’t be fetching and carrying for anyone.”
“You sound like my friend, Justine,” I laugh, pulling up a chair.
“She’s right you know.” Ashcroft nods. “That mind’s too good to waste on these fools.”
“I’ll let the partners know you said hello.” I smile. “Ready to get started?”
“Wait a moment. Before we get down to business, I have something for you.” Ashcroft reaches into his jacket pocket.
“For me?” I frown. “You shouldn’t have.”
“Here.” He pulls out a slim, rectangular jewelry box and passes it to me. I open it, still confused.
Holy shit.
It’s a bracelet. An antique-looking piece laid with sparkling stones that couldn’t be...?
“Are these diamonds?” I ask, stunned.
Ashcroft chuckles. “Wouldn’t be any good if they weren’t. A token of my thanks for all your assistance on my case.”
“I can’t accept this.” I regretfully snap the box shut and place it back on the table. “But thank you, it’s so nice of you.”
“Why ever not?” Ashcroft looks surprised.
“I can’t,” I insist again, unsettled. “You’re a client. And a gentleman. But I wouldn’t feel right.”
“I send Cartwright whiskey every Christmas,” he argues. “I’m allowed to give you gifts if I damn please. How is this any different?”
“It just is.” I know he’s rich and eccentric, but this is too weird. I wonder if he is losing it. “I’m sorry,” I say quickly, “but I wouldn’t be comfortable taking this. It looks like an heirloom.”
“But you should have it.” Ashcroft’s eyes turn watery. “You have to take it!” He reaches across, trying to push the box back into my hands. I resist, but he’s insistent. “Please,” he begs, then suddenly breaks into a cough, the spasms shaking his frail body.
“Oh God, are you OK?” I leap up to grab a glass of water. “Here, drink this.”
Ashcroft sips at the water, and slowly his gasping cough fades away.
“Can I get you anything?” I hover, worried. “Where’s June?” I look around for the nurse who’s usually nearby.
“I sent her to run errands.” Ashcroft shakes his head, recovering. “There’s no cure for old age, my dear,” he says, his voice still hoarse. He sips the water again, and looks around the room, his expression confused. “What were we talking about?”
“Your will,” I tell him, carefully moving the bracelet box out of sight. I’ll give it to June to take back later; with any luck, he’ll forget all about the strange gift.
“Ah, yes.” Ashcroft blinks. “Of course.”
I sit down again, but keep an eye on him, just in case. “It’s all fairly straightforward,” I say, turning to his file, the one I’ve been working on all month. “We’ve gone over your assets, and you’ve drawn up a list of charities.” I pause, still wondering about one thing. “Are you sure you don’t want to name any of your children? According to this document, they get nothing.”
Mr. Ashcroft scowls. “Spoiled, selfish bastards, all of them. Spent their lives using my money, and what do they have to show for it? Never even visited for the holidays, until I had my third stroke and it looked like I might not make it. Then they couldn’t fly in fast enough. Vultures.”
“OK,” I calm him, worried he’ll have another coughing fit. “I’ll finalize the will.”
“I bet you treat your folks better than my pack of disappointments do me.” Mr. Ashcroft gives me a look.
I pause. “My parents passed,” I tell him, feeling a pang.
Mr. Ashcroft looks shocked. “I’m so sorry, I didn’t realize. When did it happen?”
“A car crash, five years ago,” I reply.
“And you have other family?” he asks.
“Nope. Just me.”
“Terrible. Terrible.” Ashcroft coughs again, looking even more distressed. He’s still staring at me with sad eyes, so I force a smile.
“It’s fine,” I insist, not wanting to make him feel any more uncomfortable. “You couldn’t have known. Now, it looks like we’re all set here. I’ll have Mr. Abrams Jr. look over the papers, and you can sign them.”
“That doofus?” Ashcroft snorts. “No, honey, I’d rather stick with you.”
“You know I’m not a real lawyer,” I tell him, laughing. “I just help prepare the documents.”
“You’ve got more smarts in that pretty head of yours than half this bunch of asses put together,” Mr. Ashcroft tells me.
I smile. “Well, until I magically come up with a couple of hundred thousand dollars for law school, I’m afraid they’re the ones signing on the dotted line.”
My parents weren’t wealthy people, and they didn’t have life insurance. They left me a small amount from the house, but once their debts and the mortgage were paid off, it barely covered my college tuition and living expenses. Now I’m on my own with only my dying succulent plant for company, scraping rent on a tiny studio apartment, and working extra hours here at the law firm whenever I can.
Mr. Ashcroft gives me a piercing look. “Never say never, my dear. We don’t know what the future will bring.”
I smile and nod, but inside, I stifle a sigh. The problem is I know exactly what my future holds: another five years of fetching Carter’s dry-cleaning -- unless he fires me first.
THREE
KEELY
I see Mr. Ashcroft off, and then leave the documents with Carter’s assistant. “Oh, and he needs more of his juice,” Erin tells me with a superior grin. “Vitamin and kale. The place is just around the corner.”
“I was just going to take my lunch break.”
Erin just arches her perfect brows at me. “Sorry,” she coos, “I’m just passing on his message. It seemed really important,” she adds. “But I can tell him you said ‘no’.”
“No,” I gulp, imagining Carter’s reaction. “I’ll go.” I take the order from her and head out. Perfect. Now I get to spend my precious lunch-break running errands – just because Erin keeps him satisfied doing the one thing I never will.
I hope his precious juices give him diarrhea.
I’m feeling pretty depressed as I walk three blocks to the fancy juice store, thinking of all the hurdles I need to leap over before my dreams can be a reality and I can kiss goodbye to Carter’s power-crazy demands. The truth is, despite what I’ve told Justine and Ashcroft about law school bills, that’s only half the truth. Sure, I’ll need money to pay for the degree, but the biggest problem I’ve got right now is getting in to law school in the first place.
Because I suck at tests.
I’ve always been bad. There’s something about sitting down with that number two pencil that makes my brain freeze up. No matter how hard I study, how well I know the materials, it’s fifty-fifty whether I’ll make it through a quiz without having a minor panic-attack and forgetting everything I’ve ever learned. I managed OK in college by picking courses that were graded on essays and group work, but when it came to sitting the LSATS?
I bombed. I bombed hard -- all three times I’ve tried taking it. I’m trying to work up the courage for time number four, but part of me wonders what’s the point? I’ll never make it. And even if I did? I’d need to make it through law school, and the bar exam after that. I may as well give up and accept that I’m going to be running errands forever.
I reach the store and head inside, but I stop dead when I see how long the line is. “You’ve got to be kidding me!” I whisper under my breath.
The person who just entered behind me chuckles. “You’d think they were grinding up crack in those shakes.”
I giggle, turning to agree. Then I lock onto a pair of deep blue eyes, and promptly forget what I was about to say.
It’s a man.
A ridiculously attractive man, sexy-as-hell, in a perfectly-cut designer suit. He’s got a square jaw, dark blonde hair, and a playful smile that suddenly makes me forget my own name.
“Now, a good burger, I’ll stand in line for,” he casually continues. “Hell, I’ll wait around for ribs if the smoke is good enough. But bitter green juice that gets stuck in your pipes? No thank you.”
“So what are you doing here?” I finally find my voice again.
He gives me a devastating grin. “Call it my shot at being a better man. You can have too much of a good thing.”
“I don’t understand why people say that,” I sigh. “I could use more good things, not less.”
“You’re right.” The man leans in, his arm brushing against me with a shock of sensation as he draws closer, just for me to hear. “When something’s that good, you never want it to end.”
I reel back, my head spinning. Are we still talking about juice?
His gaze skims down my body, and I feel it tense under his stare. Not defensive, the way I get when Carter gives me a skeezy look, but a hot curiosity prickling in my veins.
I like the way he looks at me.
Before I can figure out what to say next, it’s my turn at the head of the line.
I pass over Carter’s order, and they start packing slim green bottles into a bag. “That’ll be a hundred and twenty dollars,” the clerk says with a perky grin.
I look through my wallet and realize with a sinking heart that I didn’t think to bring Carter’s business credit card – and my rent check just cleared, meaning there’s a grand total of fifteen bucks in my account until tomorrow.
I pause, about to explain, when suddenly a black credit card slides across the desk. “She’s with me,” the sexy stranger instructs them.
“No, I couldn’t,” I protest.
“I insist. I’ll take an OJ with that.” He signs the credit slip with a scrawl. “I’m being a better man, remember?”
“But this is too much.”
“Too late, it’s done.”
The clerk hands me the bag, and I have no choice but to take it. “Well, thank you,” I tell him gratefully. “You really saved me. My boss would kill me if he didn’t have this.”
“My pleasure.” He holds the door open for me as we exit. I catch a drift of his aftershave as I pass, a rich, masculine scent with a hint of something spicy. I’m so distracted that I don’t notice the step down to the curb. I trip, stumbling out into the street. Way to make a good impression, Fawes.
Strong arms close around me, pulling me back up.
“Easy there, ” he murmurs, crushing me tight against his solid chest. “Wouldn’t want you to take a fall.”
A strange thought floods my mind: the only falling I want to do is into his bed.
I scramble to pull myself together. “I’m fine now. You can put me down.”
“Are you sure about that?” His gaze turns hotter.
I press my hands against his chest. It’s a mistake. I feel the chiseled muscle of his pecs and have to catch my breath again, but he’s already releasing me, setting me gently on the street.
The way he’s looking at me… I can’t remember the last time a man gazed at me with such intensity. Like he sees me, really sees me -- not just as Keely, go-to girl, but as a woman.
“Be careful.” The man winks again. “ Or next time, you’ll wind up on your hands and knees.” He leans in to whisper, just for me. “Exactly where you belong.”
His words shock me, piercing the haze of desire. “What did you say?” I gasp.
“You heard me.” He tilts his head, giving me a lazy grin. “Take care, Keely.”
My head spins, as I watch him walk away. For years it’s felt like I’ve been locked in a prison of numbness, ever since my parents died. Nothing breaks through, nothing affects me. But with one brief encounter, this man has pierced my defenses. I’m reeling from his touch, his words. But he’s already disappearing down the street before I can wonder.
How does he know my name?
FOUR
VAUGHN
I throw the photos from last night across the desk at Phil Markham: my client, and an all-around chump. He’s got a beer-gut, receding hairline, and a nervous laugh that’s already driving me out of my fucking mind.
No wonder his wife got wet the minute she laid eyes on me. This guy couldn’t find his way to her clit with a fucking GPS.
“There you go.” I nod at the pictures of his wife with her legs spread, licking my cum off her own tit. It’s not artistic, sure, but it gets the message across.
His mouth drops open in shock. “Is this...” he stutters. “Did you..?”
“Fuck her, like you wanted.” I yawn. Half my clients are happy just to have the job done, but then you get guys like Phil, who wanted her to cheat -- right up until the moment she does it.
He flips through the photos, his eyes widening. “She never goes down on me.”
“Consider it a lucky break.” I remember her slobbering. “She can’t suck for shit.”
He bristles. “That’s my wife you’re talking about.”
“Your soon-to-be ex-wife,” I correct him, “who’s about to be screwed in the divorce, thanks to those. Aren’t you the one who wanted to cut her loose with nothing?”
“Well, yes, but...” Phil squints at the final photo like he wants to argue some more, but I’m already done.
“My final invoice is in the file. Don’t let the door hit you on your way out.”
Phil blusters some more about my prices, but he clears out pretty quick once I remind him about the money he’s saving on that invalid prenup. When the door closes, I sigh in relief.
Finally. Some motherfucking peace.
I grab a handful of Advil and wash them down with a swig of Jack from my bottom drawer. After I left last night’s job, I wound up at a club downtown with a couple of exotic dancers and a bottle of tequila. Now, those girls could show Mrs. Markham a thing or two about giving head. They’d been around the block for sure, but damn, if they hadn’t picked up a trick or two.
I remember Desiree licking her way across Lola’s breasts and feel myself get hard again. That’s when the door flies open and my newest client comes striding in.
“I thought I paid you to get the job done!” he growls, dark eyes flashing. “So why the fuck are you sitting around here instead of screwing that bitch?”
I slowly get to my feet. He’s a smug bastard: flashy pinstripe suit and a king-sized Rolex. Cloak and dagger shit too: no full name, no contact address, just a cell number for a burner phone. If it wasn’t for the huge check he came waving around, I wouldn’t have touched his business. I’m already regretting the choice.
“You don’t barge the fuck into my office. Make a damn appointment. Maggie!” I yell to my assistant in the next room.
She pokes her head around the door. “He wouldn’t listen.” She shrugs, then disappears.
“I’m paying an arm and a leg for your ‘services.’” He makes air-quotes, like the asshole he is. “So tell me when I’ll see some results.”
I don’t answer. I just fix him with an icy stare, this close to punching his fucking brains out. I’ve got fifty pounds of pure muscle on him, and I’d bet my last dollar that pretty-boy rich kid here hasn’t swung a punch in his life.
He realizes that he’s just waded knee deep in shit creek here. “You’re right, I’m sorry.” He backs down, his face red. “It’s just a stressful time for us. There’s a lot on the line. I need her dealt with. And photos too.”
“You’ll get your dirty pictures.” I smirk.
“I don’t need to see them,” he says, dismissively.
Huh. Well, I get all kinds in here, not just the spouses in need of a pre-nup get-out clause. Desperate fathers needing to lure their princess away from gold-digging scum; daughters out to get rid of their wicked step-mother; women wanting to give their girlfriends the fuck they deserve. I will seduce anyone -- for a price.
“I made contact with the girl today,” I tell him. “She won’t be a problem.”
“You’re pretty sure of yourself,” he sneers, heading for the door. “What makes you think she’ll give it up for you?”
“All women are the same,” I tell him. “This one is no exception.”
Even the hottest woman is still a job for me. I meet them; they fall to their knees; I snap the pictures. No feelings, no complications. I kicked those kinds of feelings to the curb years ago. I had to.
He leaves, and I pull out the surveillance photos I snapped of the girl on her way into work this morning: hair pulled back in that good-girl bun, neat blouse and pencil skirt, all business.
Keely Fawes.
After the desperate housewives I’ve been fucking lately, this one is a refreshing change. Pretty, stacked, with lush hips and a great ass -- even if she does try and hide it in those prim librarian outfits.
Yeah, this one will be fun. She has a mouth on her, too. None of that playing dumb, bimbo shit. Hell, I could practically feel her soaking through her panties when I stopped her from taking that tumble. Glazed eyes, flushed cheeks -- that girl had desire written all over her face just looking at me. If she’s not a virgin, then she’s damn close. Probably gave it up to her college boyfriend, the kind of pussy who looked deep in her eyes, told her he loved her, and came in five seconds flat.
She’s probably never had a real man in her life; never felt a dick slide so deep she sees God.
“That your latest victim?” Maggie comes in, wearing cut-offs and a tank top. I’ve told her to look smart for the clients, but she just tells me to go fuck myself.
“I’ll be doing her a favor.” I get out of my chair and check the time. “That’s my cue. Get the invoice ready for the client; you can send it along in an hour.”
“Sixty minutes? You’re pretty confident.” Maggie smirks. “Maybe she doesn’t go your way.”
“Everybody goes my way.” I look back down at the top picture of Keely. She’s frowning at her computer, a pen tucked behind her ear. She looks on-edge, with no hint of her humor from this afternoon.
“Not everybody,” Maggie snaps.
I raise an eyebrow. “Remember Stacy?”
Maggie makes a face. The only reason she’s lasted as my assistant is that she loves pussy nearly as much as me. She even shared a couple of girls -- until she realized that once they get a taste of my dick, her toys won’t ever compare.
We might give each other a hard time, but we keep each other honest.
“One of these days, a girl’s going to turn you down,” she says. “And I’ll be right here, laughing my head off.”
“Keep dreaming.” I slap her on the ass as I head out the door. “Never gonna happen!”
FIVE
KEELY
“And that’s when I told him he could run off back home to his wife. Keely? Hello, earth to Keely?” Justine’s voice breaks through my daze.
“What?” I blink, my cheeks flushed. We’re in her office, going over some case research I’ve been doing for her -- which is really just an excuse for her to bitch about her latest romantic dramas.
“Nothing. Are you OK?” She frowns at me. “You look kind of red.”
“No. I’m fine!” I scramble to pull myself together. Ever since running into that drop-dead sexy guy in the juice bar, I’ve been zoning out, daydreaming about his devilish blue eyes and those strong, muscular arms wrapped out me...
I can’t help myself. Even though I should be disgusted by the way he spoke to me, the memory of his outrageous comment sends a shiver down my spine -- and to other, more private places. It’s been so long since I felt anything at all, it’s a strange relief that he can get under my skin like this. And the way he looked at me... It was like a wolf eying a doe. One he was about to devour whole.
I wanted to be that feast.
But still, I couldn’t help but feel a tremor of unease, a dark edge to the mystery. Who was he? And how could he know my name? We’d never met before, I was sure about that.
A man like him, you didn’t forget.
“You are seriously zoned out today,” Justine’s voice comes again.
“I’m just tired,” I lie, looking back at the papers on her desk. “I’ve been working late all week prepping the Montgomery file for Carter.”
“That jackass.” Justine curls her lip. “You should--”
“I know, I know, I should stand up to him more,” I cut her off. Then I catch sight of the clock above her desk. “Shit, I’ve got to go. There’s a new client meeting he wants me to sit in on.”
“You want to grab drinks tonight?” she asks as I head out the door. “Sports night at McLarens. Hot jocks as far as the eye can see!”
“Maybe!”
I hurry down the hall towards Carter’s office. Justine is always trying to drag me out on the town with her. She says it’s easier to pick up guys in a pair: they always travel with wing-men too. But the bar scene has never been my thing, especially in LA. Guys here always talk to you with one eye on the door, like they’re waiting for someone hotter to walk in. I like to think I’m pretty enough with my long, wavy brown hair and wide blue eyes, but compared to the stacked blonde starlets and models strolling down the street in LA, there’s no competition.
The guy from the juice store probably dates girls like that: nineteen-year-old swimsuit models who can’t string a sentence together but who have legs up to their ears.
“We meet again.”
I stop dead, staring in shock. For a moment, I wonder if I’ve lost my mind completely and have conjured him up out of my imagination. But no, the gorgeous man from the store is sitting in Carter’s empty office, watching me with a smile.
“Do you want to come in?” he asks, looking amused.
“Uh, sure,” I stutter, quickly darting into the room. My heart races being near him again. He’s all I’ve thought about for the last twenty-four hours, and now I can’t resist sneaking a look to drink him in again.
God, he looks good. He’s wearing another smart suit, a crisp white shirt open at his neck, contrasting with the deep gold of his tan. There’s bronzed stubble along his jaw, and his blonde hair is ruffled out of place -- contrasting his impeccable attire.
A man of contradictions: smooth and rough all at once. A man who likes control -- and wouldn’t be gentle about it.
“I didn’t introduce myself,” the stranger says, his voice a low, sexy drawl. “I’m Vaughn.”
“Keely.” I feel my cheeks burn. He casually unfolds himself from his chair and crosses the room in two short strides, hand outstretched.
I have no choice but to take it. His large fingers close around mine, warm and rough to the touch. I feel a shock as our hands meet, and look up to find his blue eyes staring intently into mine.
Deep blue, like a sapphire, or maybe like a summer’s ocean – oh God, I’m thinking like a middle schooler just looking at him.
“You’re blushing,” he murmurs.
“I rushed to get here,” I lie. I start to pull my hand away, but he holds tight. His thumb strokes softly over my palm, a shockingly intimate gesture that sends a wave of desire coursing through my body.
“You look sexy, all flustered like that,” he tells me, those blue eyes flashing with wickedness. “Like someone just fucked your brains out.”
I gasp, snatching my hand away. How does he say these things? Just hearing such brazen words, my nipples feel tight, and I’m damp between my thighs. Who talks like this? And why do I like it?
“What makes you think you can talk to me like that?” I turn away. “I wonder where Carter is,” I say, looking around. There’s no sign of him -- or his assistant. Which can mean only one thing. “You’ll have to make another appointment,” I say over my shoulder.
I go to the door, eager to put safe distance between us.
“Why can’t you take the meeting?” Vaughn’s voice stops me.
“I’m not a lawyer.”
“You don’t want to be alone with me.” He watches me, not taking his eyes off me for a second.
I squirm under his gaze. “I’m not qualified. I don’t even know your case...”
“It’s just a simple incorporation,” Vaughn dismisses my protests. “Unless you want me to tell your boss how you said I had to leave.”
“I didn’t say that.”
“You meant it, though.” Vaughn strolls closer, looking at me with a glint of challenge in his eyes. “What do you say, Keely? Or are you worried spending five minutes with me will make you drop your panties and spread those gorgeous legs for me?”
His words send another bolt of desire through me, but this time, I force myself to act unruffled. “Fine.” I shrug, as if my heart isn’t racing to have him stand so close. “I’ll take the meeting.” I can deal with him and keep my shit together.
I walk over to one of the chairs and get my notebook out. Vaughn pauses a moment, watching me, then takes a seat opposite. The way he’s staring at me says that business is the last thing on his mind, and I wonder if I’ve made a huge mistake letting him stay.
This man is dangerous.
I clear my throat and send up a prayer that I make it through this meeting without blushing. “Let’s get started.”
SIX
VAUGHN
Damn, is she cute, sitting there trying her best to look like she isn’t turned on -- and failing. Miserably. Her skirt hugs the juicy curve of her ass, and I wonder what kind of panties she’s wearing under there.
White lace, I bet. Demure. Innocent.
I imagine ripping them off her creamy thighs and burying my cock deep inside of her. She looks all good and proper, but it’s the good girls who have the kinkiest side. Yeah, she’ll be screaming blue murder by the time I’m done spanking her.
“What’s your business?” Keely asks. She looks sternly down at her notebook, all business, but I can hear the tremble in her breath. “There are several routes to incorporation we could take, but they would depend on your specific needs.”
“My needs?” I lounge back in my seat, enjoying the way her chest rises and falls under her silk blouse. It’s buttoned up high to her throat, but all the covering in the world can’t disguise those lush curves. “Well, right now I need to feel how wet your pussy is.”
Keely’s cheeks blaze red. “You have to stop saying things like that.” She glares at me. “You’re just trying to shock me. It’s not working.”
“No,” I laugh. “If I wanted to shock you, I’d tell you that I’m picturing you tied to my bed, with my cock shoved down your throat and my tongue lapping up your cunt.”
She inhales sharply. Damn, this is fun. I watch her, amused. Other women would have made a show of storming out by now.
But this girl? Her jaw is set defiantly, like she’s willing herself to stay cool. Well, we’ll just see about that.
“What do you do for a living?” she asks, determined to get her job done.
“Hmmm.” I ponder my response. “I guess you can say I’m in the entertainment industry.”
Her gaze flips up. “I should have guessed,” she murmurs.
“What do you mean?”
Her cheeks flush. “I just meant that you’re so arrogant. You think everything is one big show.”
Whoa. Feisty. I like it. “Not my scene. But, I always thought about going into porn.”
Her eyes widen. “Seriously?”
I hide a laugh. I’m just fucking with her. Porn is way below my pay-grade. Those guys are just pieces of meat, fucking anyone shoved in front of the camera. It’s nothing like what I do: no artistry, no challenge.
No chase.
But Keely’s looking at me with that deer-in-the-headlights stare, so I lie. “Sure.” I grin, teasing. “Everybody’s got a gift, and mine’s making a woman come screaming in sixty seconds flat.”
Instead of looking stunned again, she relaxes. Her lips twitch with amusement. “I hate to break it to you, but nobody comes that fast.”
“Oh yeah? Sure doesn’t seem that way to me.”
Keely gives me a knowing look. “Women fake it, you know.”
I growl in annoyance. “You can’t fake a pussy clenching round my dick like a fucking earthquake,” I tell her. “Or have you never come so hard you passed out?”
She rolls her eyes. “That doesn’t happen.”
I smirk. “I’ll take that as a ‘no’.”
Keely looks flustered. She glances back at her notepad. “We shouldn’t even be talking about this. It’s not appropriate.”
“You started it,” I reply.
She frowns. “I did not.”
I lean closer, dropping my voice. “You started it the minute you looked at me like that.”
“How?” she demands.
“Like you’re imagining me balls-deep in your delicious pussy.” I hold her gaze, watching her eyeballs dilate with shock and desire.
She likes it when I talk dirty, huh? Little Miss Innocent’s got a kinky side after all.
Hmmm, I assess her again, wondering if she’d like getting tied up. Blind-folded and fucked senseless with her body strapped across my bed. Or maybe she’d like to try a threesome. I could have Lola come by, and teach her how to lick pussy while I pound her from behind...
I feel myself getting hard, so I stop that particular fantasy dead in its tracks.
Besides, I remind myself, it doesn’t matter how she likes it. I don’t even care if she comes. I only need to fuck her -- and get the proof.
“Can we please talk about business?” Keely looks as if she’s about to bolt for the door.
“Anything you like.”
“Good.” She nods, about to go back to her notes, when there’s a knock at the door.
“Keely?” The girl from reception pokes her head around. “There’s a call for Carter. It’s June, and she sounds urgent. Can you talk to her?”
Keely looks up. “Yes, put her through.”
“I’m sorry,” she apologizes, when the girl leaves. “Another client, I need to see what’s going on.”
“Be my guest.”
She goes to the desk and when the phone flashes a moment later, she picks up. “June? Mr. Abrams is not here right now. What’s going on?” She pauses, then looks alarmed. “The hospital? Is he OK?” Keely nods. “Of course, I’ll have the will messengered over. They have a notary public on staff. Mr. Ashcroft will be able to sign right away.”
Mr. Ashcroft.
The name sends a chill like ice through my body. It can’t be.
Dark memories flood my mind, but I order myself to stay cool, lounging back in my seat until she hangs up.
It’s a coincidence, it has to be.
“A client?” I ask when she puts the phone down. I keep my voice casual, like every muscle in my body isn’t screaming out with tension.
She sighs. “Yes, I’m drafting his will, and just in time. He’s had three strokes already. His nurse didn’t sound confident.”
“Huh.” I wonder if there’s a way to dig some more without looking suspicious. “Well, good luck to him.”
She gives me a distracted smile. “Look, would you mind rescheduling? I need to get these files sent straight over.”
“Of course.” I’m glad to get away to regroup. Hearing that name has sent me off-balance, and I need to get my shit together.
Keely moves to the door, and watching that body in motion, I remember just what brought me here today. Fuck the ghosts of my past, I’ve got a mission right here.
I step to block her path, looming above her. I reach out and tuck a stray lock of hair behind her ear, feeling her shiver beneath my touch. Yeah, this one will be easy. “How about dinner, tonight, my place?”
Keely’s mouth drops open. Fuck, her lips are juicy. “I meant, reschedule the meeting. With Mr. Abrams,” she says, blinking.
“But your boss won’t look half as good naked on my living room floor,” I reply. “I’m going to fuck you there first.” She trembles against me, her body so ripe and ready I could screw her right here. “I won’t wait to get to the bedroom,” I promise her. “I’m just going to shove that skirt up around your waist and fuck you, hard and dirty how you like it.”
I wait for her to moan, to sink against me like every other panting, wet woman. But instead, she lurches away from me, breathing fast.
“I want no such thing,” Keely insists, scooting over to the door. “I don’t know what you think you’re doing, but it won’t work.” She glares at me, furious. “I’m not that kind of girl. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have real clients to attend to. Ones who aren’t a sexual harassment lawsuit waiting to happen.”
I watch, dumb-struck as she stalks away.
What the fuck?
I can’t believe it. She turned me down. Nobody turns me down. Especially not some blushing librarian who’s been panting like a bitch in heat since the moment she laid eyes on me.
I narrow my eyes. This started out just a regular job, but after what I’ve learned today, there’s no way I’m letting this girl fuck up my perfect score. I’m going to find out just what’s going on with Ashcroft, and finish the job too. Two birds, one cock.
Miss Keely Fawes is going to be on her knees, begging for my dick by the time I’m through with her.
Game on.
SEVEN
KEELY
“Have you never come so hard you passed out?”
I can’t get Vaughn’s wicked words out of my mind. All day long, I hear his filthy talk in the back of my mind, making my stomach flip over and my thighs clench. He has to be teasing me, I decide. Saying anything to get a rise. But when I sneak a look at Google that afternoon, I see he’s not even kidding.
Some women really do orgasm so intensely they faint.
I catch my breath. When I manage to come at all, it’s a gentle ripple of pleasure, warm and sweet, but gone in an instant. I can’t even imagine what it would be like to feel a rush so huge that my body literally couldn’t handle it.
Holy shit.
“What are you looking at?” Justine asks, swinging by my cubicle with a couple of salads for lunch.
“Nothing!” I yelp, slamming my laptop shut. Luckily, she doesn’t notice.
“The Tiny Texan is calling me again,” she sighs, collapsing in a seat to gossip. “Like I’d fuck him again last time.”
“I thought size doesn’t matter.”
She snorts. “Yeah, that’s just what they tell you. I mean, sure, a guy can make up for it if he tries hard enough in other areas.” She winks. “But the Texan was a bust on all fronts.”
I pause, feeling embarrassed. My experience with guys is pretty limited. I had one steady boyfriend in college who I lost my virginity to, but aside from a few bad first dates, I haven’t seen anyone seriously since graduating.
“Can I ask you something?” I drop my voice, checking around so nobody can hear. But it’s lunch break, and the paralegal pool is almost empty.
“Ooh, did you meet someone?” Justine demands, chewing a mouthful of lettuce. “Is he hot? Is he hung?”
“No,” I protest. “I mean, I haven’t met anyone. Not really. I was just wondering... When you... you know. What’s it like?”
“When I what?” Justine asks.
I blush. “When you...” I drop my voice even more, whispering. “Come. Is it good?”
Justine shrugs. “Depends on the kind.”
“There are different kinds?”
“Sure.” She gives me a strange look. “I mean, there’s the kind I get from a vibrator, that’s more about pressure, you know, intense, but like, localized around my clit. Then there are the orgasms when a guy goes down on me. Those are slower, but crazy good. Like, waves through my whole body. And then there are the best kind.”
“Uh huh?” I’m embarrassed to be asking her, but I want more details.
“Mmm.” Justine grins. “Penetrative orgasms. When his dick works me up just right, the friction, you know? Sliding in and out, until I can’t take it anymore and my whole body just, shatters. And if he works my clit too?” She whistles. “Huh. Maybe I should give the one of my guys a call. That got me in the mood.” She glances at the time. “Damn, I have to get to court. See you later!”
She leaves me stunned at my cubicle. Clearly, I’m no better than a virgin. Twenty-three years old and I don’t even know what a real orgasm feels like.
But I bet Vaughn could teach you.
I picture that ravenous look in his eyes and feel a shiver. He’s made it clear, he wants me. But I barely know the guy.
You’d get to know him pretty well if you took him up on his invitation.
No.
I shove the thought of him to the back of my mind, and focus on work instead. I’m a serious woman. I have goals and ambition. I shouldn’t be wasting my time drooling over some dirty-talking stranger -- no matter how much my body wants—no, needs—his touch.
But I can’t help wondering, if he would make good on his promises. If he’d show me the pleasure I’ve never felt before.
What would happen if I just said yes?
* * *
I go stop by the hospital after work to visit Mr. Ashcroft. He’s in his own suite on the VIP floor, wheezing through the tubes he’s got hooked up from his nose and throat. He’s so weak, he can barely speak, but he gestures me closer to the bed.
“I just wanted to check how you were doing.” I take in his pale skin and all the machines -- he doesn’t look good. “Did you get the paperwork signed OK?”
“Signed and sealed,” Ashcroft says weakly.
“Do you need anything?” I hate seeing him like this. The hospital, the wires and tubes, it brings back too many painful memories of my parents after the crash. The doctors did everything they could, but it wasn’t enough.
“No, thank you, sweetheart.” He grips my hand. “My kids are round here somewhere. They flew in as soon as they heard. Waiting around for me to die.” He coughs again, an ugly hacking sound.
“Just relax,” I tell him, but he grips my hand tight, pulling me closer.
“I need to tell you something,” he says, between the coughs.
His voice is faint. I lean in.
“I should have told you... You need to know--”
“Who the hell are you?” We’re interrupted by an angry voice. A man comes striding in the room. He’s in his late twenties, maybe, with dark hair and an expensive suit.
“I’m Keely Fawes, from Mr. Ashcroft’s law firm,” I reply. “And you are?”
“Brent Ashcroft. His son.” Brent doesn’t hold out a hand to shake, so I turn back to Ashcroft. “What is it?” I ask gently. “What did you need to tell me?”
But he just blinks at me, his eyes watery and confused. “I don’t remember.”
“He’s tired. He should be resting.” The man sounds more pissed than concerned. “This area is for family only.”
“I was just leaving. Call me if you need anything at all,” I tell him.
“We’ve got it covered,” Brent interrupts. “Thanks.” He pulls out his phone to send a text, clearly ignoring me, so I give Ashcroft another smile and then leave.
Outside, I find his nurse, June, getting coffee from the vending machine. Her dyed red hair is frizzing in the heat, and her blue smocked outfit clings to her heavy frame.
“He’s not doing so great, is he?” I ask, with a pang of premonition.
“No, sweetie.” She pauses. “Did he talk to you at all?”
“A little. He was kind of confused,” I explain. “He said he needed to tell me something, but then... We were interrupted. Do you know what it was about? He shouldn’t worry about the legal stuff. We can deal with his business managers from now on.”
June gives me a strange look. She glances around quickly, and moves closer. “It’s not about that. He’s worried about his kids.”
“You mean, that they’ll find out he disinherited them?” I ask quietly. She shakes her head, her eyes wide with something that looks like fear.
“No. Not that.”
“What then?”
“You should come back tomorrow,” she says. “Promise me.”
“Brent says it’s family only.” I’m beginning to get weirded out by all of this. I shouldn’t have come by in the first place; it’s not exactly professional to get so involved with clients, but Ashcroft has always been sweet to me -- if a little strange.
“Call me, I’ll let you up,” she insists urgently. “He needs to talk to you.”
I nod. “Oh, I nearly forgot,” I say, reaching into my purse. “Ashcroft left this in the office.” I hold out the jewelry box with the diamond bracelet.
June’s eyes widen. “But that’s for you,” she says.
“And I told him I can’t take it.” I press it into her hands.
“June!” Brent’s voice cuts through the hallway. June whirls around, hiding the bracelet behind her back. “I thought I asked you for coffee.”
“Yes sir,” June mutters. “I was just on my way.”
His gaze slides back to me. “Do we have a problem?”
There’s silence. “No, sir.” June says quickly, then she turns and scurries away.
I hit the button for the elevator. Brent comes closer.
“Did you need something?” I ask politely.
He looks me over, his eyes sweeping from head to toe in a way that makes my skin crawl. “My father talks a lot about you,” he says slowly.
“He’s a great guy,” I reply. Actually he is a true gentleman. A dying breed. One in a million.
“Huh.” Brent doesn’t say anything else. He just looks at me all creepy, so when the elevator finally arrives, I’m relieved to step inside.
“I have to go.” I try to stay polite.
“Right.” Brent gives me a smarmy smile. “I’m sure you have plenty of other clients that need the... personal touch.”
I shiver. I thought Ashcroft was exaggerating about his kids, but seeing Brent up close, now I’m not so sure. That guy is all kinds of creepy.
EIGHT
VAUGHN
After Keely turns me down, I spent the rest of the day in a temper, trying like hell to figure out what the fuck just went wrong. I know she doesn’t have a boyfriend. And even if she did, that’s never made a difference to a chick before -- the ones with a man back at home spread their legs just as fast as anyone else.
I can’t get her out of my head. Every line I gave her, she shot right back at me. She’s quick, edgy—but also demure. Only her blush betrayed her desire.
And then there’s the Ashcroft question. I tell myself it’s a coincidence, plenty of guys around with the same name, but something haunts me, telling me that there’s more to this than I know. I knew my secrets would catch up to me. I just didn’t think it would happen like this.
And I fucking hate being in the dark, just about as much as I hate chasing pussy that won’t give it up and fuck.
I get a text from an unknown number that evening.
Your target is leaving Cedars Sinai hospital. Don’t delay.
There’s no name, but I know right away it’s about Keely. Who the hell is the guy who hired me? Why would anyone want to fuck with her? She’s not the kind of girl to make enemies. What could she have done?
I pull over by the hospital parking lot just in time to see her pull out of the garage in her boring-ass Civic. I slip into the lane behind her. It’s easy to keep track since LA traffic is bumper to bumper, and when she makes a turn and parks on a side-street, I’m right there behind her.
Where are you going, gorgeous? 
I watch her head across the street to the wide-open entrance of the LA County Museum of Art.
Seriously? It’s a Friday night, and this girl wants to wander around looking at squiggles and piles of rock?
Anyone else, I would quit right now and go find some easy suck at the bar, but I remember that flush on her cheeks when I talked about lapping her cunt and the dazed look in her eyes.
She’ll flush like that when I’m screwing her hard against the bathroom sink, watching her come her brains out in the mirror as I pound into her dripping wet channel.
Dammit.
I head inside after her. She wanders the main galleries, looking at exhibits, then takes a seat on a bench in front of this one painting. It’s abstract, huge slashes of color, but the way Keely is gazing at it, you’d think she was looking at God.
I want her to look up at me like that -- with my cock shoved deep in her mouth.
“Hey.” I slide onto the bench next to her, enjoying the way she gasps, almost jumping right out of her seat.
“What are you doing here?”
“What do you think?” I lean closer. “You owe me dinner.”
She turns back to the painting across from us, her eyes fixating on a slice of red running through its center. “I said no.”
“Why?” I counter, trailing a fingertip down the side of her throat. She shivers under my touch, her breathing getting shallow. “I can tell you want me. So why keep pushing me away?”
“You’re a client.” She tears her eyes away from the art to glare at me, scooting away from me on the bench. “It would be wrong.”
“You’ve got a lot to learn, Keely.” I inch closer on the bench. “The things we think are wrong? They’re the ones that feel so goddamn right.”
“Please. You’re so sure I want you.” She shakes her head again, looking back at the painting, the plaque next to it—anywhere but at me. “I can’t.”
Can’t.
That’s when I know I’ve got her. Not ‘won’t.’ Not ‘isn’t going to happen.’
She’s hot for me, she wants my cock just as much as the rest of them. The only thing standing between me and this sweet pussy is whatever bullshit voice of reason is shouting me down in her mind.
So I just have to make it stop. Stun her with lust and danger so she doesn’t have time to listen.
I glance around. The gallery room is almost empty, just a few people checking out the exhibit at the other end of the hall and an older couple nearby.
“Have you ever had sex before?” I ask casually.
“What?” Her eyes flash in shock.
“You heard me.” I straddle the bench, watching her body tense. “I’m just wondering why you’re acting like a scared school-girl every time I talk about fucking you. Hey, there’s no shame in it,” I add. “I love teaching virgins.”
Her cheeks flush, looking angry. “I’m not a virgin,” she mutters. “I’ve seen a man’s penis before, thank you very much.”
I give a lazy laugh. “This isn’t an anatomy class. You can say cock. Not that flaccid thing your high-school boyfriend slipped inside you for ten seconds in the backseat of his daddy’s Camaro. Not the tiny dick your ex jackhammered away at you with, that you could barely even feel for shit. I’m talking about a real man’s cock. Hard. Big. A fucking animal.”
I lean closer, seeing her breath catch. Her pupils dilate with desire. “You want it, don’t you?” I whisper. “To know what that feels like. When it hurts to take all the way but you just can’t help it because it feels so damn good.”
She stares at me. Her lips moisten. Damn, I could use those around my dick right now.
“You’re making pretty bold promises,” Keely says with an edge in her voice. “I bet you’re all talk and no trouser.”
I laugh. “I’ll make you come your fucking brains out. You’ll be on your knees, begging for the chance to suck me off.”
“I don’t believe you.” She meets my eyes in a brazen stare. Damn, this girl’s got more guts than I thought.
“Try me.” I get up off the bench.
“What?”
“Bathroom. Now.”
She scoffs. “Stop dicking around.”
“You questioned my manhood. The least you can do now is let me prove you wrong.”
I see the struggle clear on her face: the war between curiosity and good girl bullshit manners. It’s same fight I see every woman go through, just because society decided getting off for the sake of pure pleasure is some kind of crime. Fuck, I could murder the guys who figured that one out, probably some frustrated pussies who couldn’t get laid and wanted the rest of us to suffer right along with them.
Keely goes back and forth, her indecision clear on her face. Finally she looks me straight in the eyes. “Let’s go.”
I see the challenge in her stare. She thinks she’s won by calling my bluff, but we’ll see who comes out on top.
“I’m insane,” she mutters to herself, rising to her feet.
“Wait thirty seconds,” I instruct her. “Don’t want anyone to get the wrong idea about you.” I wink, leaving her blushing as I saunter to the single restroom at the back of the hall. A few seconds later, there’s a knock on the door.
Keely peeks her head around, then quickly darts inside, locking the door tight behind her. “I can’t believe I’m doing this,” she says, cheeks red. “But just a look, I’m not hooking up with you. This is a strictly business relationship.”
“Sure thing.” I reach for my belt buckle, then unzip my fly. I’m commando under my jeans, and as I yank them over my thighs, I hear a gasp slip from those luscious lips.
Ladies, meet your wildest fantasy.
Some people say, size doesn’t matter. Those fucking pussies don’t know shit. Because even just a glimpse of what I’m packing makes Keely shiver with lust.
“Satisfied?” I ask with a grin. She’s staring at it, wide-eyed, her breath coming fast. Damn. I feel myself start to get hard, and I give myself a couple of tugs, swelling even larger under my hand.
She takes a couple of steps closer. “I’ve never seen...” she swallows. “How do you even...?”
“Fit?” I finish, still lazily jerking myself. “Believe me, honey, once I’ve warmed you up right, you’ll be ready.”
“Can I...” she reaches hesitantly, her eyes already dilated with curiosity and desire.
“Be my guest.”
Her fingers close around me, soft. Her breath catches. “I can hardly hold you,” she murmurs.
“That’s called girth,” I tell her, watching the way her cheeks flush. She strokes me, whisper-soft, and I stifle a groan. “Harder, baby, I won’t break.”
She sucks in a breath, and squeezes tighter. Her eyes never leave my dick as she slowly pumps her fist up and down. “Yeah,” I grunt. “Like that.”
Bolder, Keely brings her other hand in, stoking over my tip as she pumps from the base. My cock is all woken up now, straining under her touch, veins bulging thick along my stem. Her delicate fists work up and down, sliding along the length of me, wet with pre-cum.
I sink back against the wall. “Fuck, that feels good.”
She looks up with a devilish smile. “It does?”
One hand dips beneath my legs, cupping my balls in a soft squeeze, and then reaching further, stroking my taint.
“Fuck!” I exclaim in surprise, feeling my cock leap to attention. “Do that again.”
Instead, Keely pulls her hand away. I look over in frustration. She’s still pumping me one-handed, a torturous rhythm that’s driving me out of my damn mind. With a wicked grin, she slips her free hand down the front of her skirt, under her panties.
What the fuck?
She gasps, touching herself as she jerks me off. I can’t believe it, she looks so fucking innocent. I let out a groan, crazy with lust, and then Keely pulls her hand out again, wet with her juices, and slides it up and down my dick in a slippery vice grip.
Fuck.
I’m losing it here, the pressure of her hand and the warm, wet drip of her juices. Dammit, I want to taste her, so I grab her wrist away and bring her fingers to my lips, sucking hard.
She lets out a whimper. Her eyes are bright with desire, she’s panting right along with me. She pumps hard, circling my head with her thumb, playing with the ridge of my cock. Damn, she’s good. I growl, thrusting up against her hand, desperate for release. What I wouldn’t give to be inside her right now, fucking her cunt, her asshole, her lips.
The door handle jiggles. “Oh, I’m sorry,” a voice comes from outside.
Keely freezes in shock.
“Don’t stop,” I growl, forcing her face back to mine. “Harder.”
She flicks her eyes nervously to the door, but she obeys, closing her fist around me, pumping fast. I feel it rise, fuck yeah, a goddamn tsunami.
There’s another knock. “Excuse me, will you be much longer?”
“Just wait a goddamn minute!” I roar. I could come right now, shove her down on her knees and plunge my cock in her mouth, spurting my seed down her throat, but something stops me.
I want to make her feel this too. I need to make this girl come.
Shove her back against the wall, I yank up her skirt up and push her panties aside, plunging two fingers deep inside her wet pussy. She lets out a cry of shock and pleasure as I sweep my thumb hard across her clit and she breaks, shuddering around me as my world implodes and I come and come and come, spurting my juices into her eager hands.
I catch my breath. She stumbles back. “I said... I said I wasn’t hooking up with you,” she gasps.
“Plans change.”
“But--” Her perfect lips open in another goddamn complaint, so I fill it with my fingers instead, still dripping with her slick juice.
“You came. Is that a problem?”
She blinks, slowly opening her mouth again. I wait for a whine, but instead, her lips curl in a delighted grin.
“I’ve never orgasmed with a man before. With someone else, I mean.”
I yank my jean back up and rinse my hands. “If you’re still standing, and able to string two words together, that wasn’t an orgasm.”
She frowns. “What was it then?”
“A rehearsal.”
NINE
KEELY
You’re insane. You don’t even know him and you’re hooking up in the bathroom?
The minute my orgasm fades away, and I realize what I’ve just done, I bolt from the museum bathroom and I don’t look back.
Slut.
Humiliation crashes through me as I race blindly down the sidewalk, so fierce I want to die. How could I lose my mind so completely? One minute, I’m sitting in the gallery, doing my best to stay cool under his teasing stare, and the next...
You’re up against the wall, close to the edge just from the feel of him, so hard and massive in your hands. 
Oh God! Just thinking the words in my head make me want to hide away in shame. What was I thinking, letting a man talk to me like that -- touch me like that? A stranger. A client!
I drive home in a sick nauseous panic. What if he tells my boss what we did? I’ll be fired for sure.
I don’t know how it even happened. I was trying to keep things professional, but there he was, trying to provoke me, saying more of those shocking, sexy things that I should have hated but really made my thighs clench with lust.
So I called his bluff.
I thought it was the only way to make him quit. I should have known a man like him, so sexy and dangerous, would have the goods to back it up.
And boy, he’s got the goods.
Even the memory of his fingers inside me makes my breath catch. And he had to be eight, nine inches, easy -- as big as the dildo my friend Helen got at her bachelorette party last year. It was like nothing I’d ever seen before: thick and hard, his bulbous tip straining, the vein bulging down the length of him. Back then, we all giggled and joked that men like that didn’t exist.
But he does.
I couldn’t help myself, just the sight of it made my body tremble with desire. It was like some deep feminine instinct took over, blocking all rational thought from my mind. I had to touch him, know what it was like. And once my fingers were wrapped around him, I couldn’t stop.
Watching the desire on his face as I touched him. He is so sure about everything, I had to show him what I could do. Push him to the edge and see him lose control.
God, I loved it. The power.
I’ve never done anything so reckless and sexy in my life, and even now, the memory feels like it happened to someone else. An impostor. An out of body experience. Some other girl, hijacking my body and making me do the naughty things I’ve only ever read about in books that I hide on my Kindle at night.
And then when Vaughn touched me...?
The way he worked with my body, the things he did with his fingers... It was the most mind-blowing, intense orgasm of my life.
I’m losing my mind.
It’s Friday, so thankfully I don’t have to face everyone at work for the next two days. I stay home, busily doing all the chores I’ve been avoiding as a punishment for my behavior. I clean the oven and scrub the bathroom floor, do a million loads of laundry, and cook a month’s worth of nutritious meals to freeze in tupperware so I don’t wind up eating junk-food takeout for dinner again. And all the while, I block out every thought of Vaughn and what happened in that museum bathroom.
It was madness. It was a crazy mistake. It’ll never, ever, happen again.
By Monday morning the knot in my stomach has turned into a giant black hole, swallowing me up in shame and guilt. I drive to work feeling like I’m going to my own execution: my palms sweating as I step into the elevator and hit the floor.
This is it. Time to face the music.
“Wait up!” Justine comes skidding into the elevator at the last second. She catches her breath as the doors close. “You look nice.”
“I do?” I look down. I couldn’t sleep a wink last night, tossing and turning with panic, so I had extra time this morning to blow-dry my hair and pick out an outfit. I even did my makeup too -- lingering in front of the mirror to delay the inevitable. “Thanks.”
If I’m going to be fired and thrown out of the offices, at least I’ll look good, marching out of the elevator with my box full of office supplies.
The doors open. Justine steps out. I can’t move.
“Coming?” She frowns.
I gulp, and slowly edge after her, my heart pounding in my chest. The girl at reception gives us a bland nod. A couple of lawyers pass us in the hall with a friendly smile.
I check around to be sure, but everything seems normal. No glares. No whispers. No mob with flaming pitch-forks. Maybe Vaughn didn’t report me. Maybe I’m safe---
“Fawes!”
Carter’s yell echoes through the office. My blood runs cold. This is it. The end of my career. He comes charging out of his office, and my heart stops. He’s going to do it right here, in front of everyone.
Oh God.
I brace myself, shaking.
“Where’s the Montgomery file?” Carter demands.
“I’m sorr--” I start to grovel my apology, before realizing what he’s just said. “Wait, what?”
“The fucking file!” Carter yells. “I just had them on the phone, and I couldn’t tell them one damn thing.”
“It was on your desk,” I stammer, my mind racing.
“Of course it was on my desk!” Carter bellows. “You think I don’t know that? Where the fuck is it now is the question.”
Then I remember I had it with me when Vaughn showed up. I must have taken it by mistake when I was distracted.
“I’ll find it now.”
“You better,” Carter threatens. “Or I’ll have you out on your ass faster than you can say--”
“Mr. Abrams.” His assistant, Erin, tugs on his sleeve, looking terrified.
“What the fuck?” he demands.
“You have a client,” she whispers, wide-eyed. “Here.”
Carter spins around. “Oh. I...” He falls silent, and clears his throat. “I didn’t know you were there.”
“Clearly.”
Carter is blocking my view, but I’d know that sexy voice anywhere.
Vaughn.
I freeze, blood rushing to my cheeks -- and another, more private place.
Carter stands aside, still apologizing, but Vaughn ignores him, meeting my gaze with an amused grin. “Miss Fawes,” he says with a smirk. “So good to see you again.”
“You’ve met?” Carter looks back and forth between us.
I panic, waiting for Vaughn to reveal the truth, but instead, he answers smoothly.
“You were indisposed on Friday, so Miss Fawes was kind enough to take the meeting,”
He winks.
I blink in shock. Does this mean he’s not going to tell? Relief washes over me, but part of me stays alert. Uneasy.
What else does he want with me?
“I’m sorry,” Carter is sneering. “She’s just an assistant.”
“A paralegal,” Vaughn corrects him. “And she was more than helpful. She guided me through the process to a very satisfying conclusion. I was in very able hands.”
What is he playing at? My cheeks flush hot, and I’m sure people can tell what he is alluding to. I can’t take this anymore. Thank god Carter is so self-obsessed, he probably didn’t notice.
“I have to get that Montgomery file,” I mutter quickly, turning on my heel and fleeing down the hallway. I’ve turned the corner, heading for the safety of my cubicle, when I feel a hand grab my arm and I’m suddenly pulled into the privacy of a small alcove.
I gasp, finding myself pressed up against Vaughn’s muscular body for the third time in a week. “What are you doing?” I yelp, as his hand slides up my thigh. “Stop that!”
“I didn’t hear any complaints last time.” Vaughn leans closer, his breath hot against my throat.
I feel a twist of lust, but I fight it back and shove him away. “That was a mistake,” I tell him, “It can’t happen again.”
“I bet you a hundred bucks it will.” Vaughn reaches out and pops my top button open, his finger grazing my skin. I shiver. I should step away, redo my blouse—but something stops me. “Have dinner with me, tonight,” he says. “I promise, you’ll be too busy coming all over my tongue to care about losing the bet.”
My stomach clenches. Dear God, but he’s sexy when he talks like that. I have a sudden flashback to the bathroom: his fingers inside me, his body grinding against mine.
“No.” I break free, pushing him away again. “I won’t have dinner with you.”
“So we skip dinner.” Vaughn gives me a wicked grin. “I’d prefer to eat you out any day.” He slowly licks his lips.
Oh Lord. My legs go weak. If he can drive me to heaven and back with just two fingers, imagine what he can do with that tongue...
Get a grip, Keely!
“No,” I tell him again, putting every last ounce of self-control in that one syllable. I look him straight in the eye, so he can tell just how serious I am. “I’m not having dinner with you, or anything else. What happened between us was a lapse in judgment. I acted totally unprofessionally, and it won’t happen again. Ever.”
Vaughn looks stunned. “You’re turning me down?” he says slowly, like he can’t believe it. “A-fucking-gain?”
“Goodbye.” I side-step out of his embrace before I can change my mind. “They validate parking at the front desk.”
And then, with the last thread of my dignity still intact, I walk away.
TEN
VAUGHN
The client calls while I’m jacking off to porn in my office.
“What the fuck am I paying you for?” he yells on my voicemail. “It’s been a week already, and you still haven’t sealed the deal! I’m running out of time!”
Tell me about it.
My hard-on wilts at the sound of his voice. Fuck it. The porn wasn’t working any way. Even the top-shelf stuff doesn’t get me off these days -- not with the memory of Keely’s wet, hot pussy still fresh in my mind.
Her hand tight around my cock. Her body shuddering under my touch.
“Dammit!” I yell, shoving everything off my desk in a rage. I’ve never struck out like this before.
Maggie pokes her head around the door. “I’d find this amusing, if you weren’t such a little bitch right now,” she tells me, taking in the mess.
“What the fuck am I supposed to do?” I demand, zipping up my flies. “She said no. Twice! Even after I made her come her brains out in the museum bathroom. Even after she got a handful of my cock.”
That’s the part that gets me really fucking pissed. Keely saw exactly what I had in store for her -- and she still walked away.
What the hell am I doing wrong?
“I like this girl already,” Maggie says. “She sounds like she’s got you all figured out.”
“Don’t I pay you to be helpful?” I grumble. “So help.”
Maggie laughs, coming to help me clean up. “Have you tried a little romance?”
I glare. “Romance is for pussies who can’t get laid.”
“Well, right now I’m looking at one.” Maggie smirks at me. “Jesus, don’t look so tragic. Buy the girl some flowers. Woo her a little.”
“Woo?” I sneer.
“Yes, woo,” Maggie sighs. “Make her feel like you don’t just want to bang her brains out and disappear. Like she’s special. Unique. You can fake that, right?”
The phone out front starts ringing and she disappears, leaving me to think about what she’s just said.
Special... The truth is, I wouldn’t even be faking it. Keely is unique -- she’s the only woman to turn me down flat in, well, I can’t even remember how long. Not since my balls dropped and my sixth-grade baby-sitter gave me a hands-on demonstration in ‘hunt the clit.’
And that way she looked at me when her hands wrapped around my cock. I’ve never had someone challenge me like that. As bold as her words were, when push came to shove, I never expected her to be so game. Who knew Little Miss Library could be so saucy?
So, fine, I decide, grabbing my phone again. I can do romance. I can make like fucking Romeo if it means I get to taste her delicious pussy again -- and this time, I won’t be licking her juices off her fingers. No, I’m going to be buried tongue-deep in her cunt working her clit until she’s begging for mercy.
I find the number of the nearest florist and place the call.
“Yeah, I’d like to make an order...”
ELEVEN
KEELY
“Who is this guy, Rockefeller?” Justine surveys my desk with a smirk. “That’s like the fourth delivery this week.”
“Fifth,” I answer with a sigh. My cubicle is filled to the brim with roses, chocolates, and even a five-foot stuffed teddy-bear. “He sent candy too. Godiva. You want some?”
“Uh, hell yes!”
Justine attacks the gold-wrapped box, biting into a truffle with a moan. “What are you looking so blue about?” She pauses, noticing my expression. “If I had a man showering me with extravagant gifts, I’d be over the moon. Is he ugly?” she adds, looking sympathetic. “Small? Like, Tiny Texan?” She wiggles her pinky finger.
“No, definitely not.” I flashback to Vaughn’s massive member and blush. “But he’s a client, I can’t date him. It’s the rules.”
“Screw the rules.” Justine helps herself to another chocolate. “Remember that super-fine lawyer on the Bulway case last year? I screwed him in the stationary closet between depositions.”
I gape. “But he was opposition counsel.”
“And I was opposed to letting his fine ass walk out of here without sampling the goods.” Justine snickers. “If this guy’s working so hard to get your attention, what are you scared of?”
What am I scared of?
That’s the question I ask myself for the hundredth time as I go hide in the stacks of the law library upstairs. Saying he’s a client is only an excuse. Justine isn’t the only one who breaks the rules -- everyone fraternizes with clients around here. And it’s not like I’m dating anyone else.
No, I have no excuses to cling to anymore. Vaughn is smart, edgy, and sexy as hell. Every time we meet, it’s like a tug of war—a battle to see who will come out on top. I never thought I’d like this kind of thing, but it’s so hot I can’t imagine wanting anything else. And he’s already given me the most thrilling, dirty sexual experience of my life.
I go to sleep at night wet and aching, remembering the feel of his thick hardness in my hands, imagining that my wandering fingers are his own -- searching for a release that is nowhere near as earth-shattering as the one he’s given me.
That’s the problem, the secret I can’t tell Justine: it scares me, how quickly my body responds to him. How my good sense goes flying out the window the moment he comes around. I’ve never felt anything like it, and God, that terrifies me somehow, knowing how much I want him. There’s a darkness to him that I’ve never known before, a mystery I can’t help but want to solve. This man has secrets, and I’m just longing to discover them all. I’ve never felt this way before. And to be totally honest, I’m scared. Scared to take that step over the ledge and let it all go.
What would it be like to surrender completely? Let him make good on all those filthy promises, show me the pleasure I know he has in his grasp.
* * *
“You’re hiding from me.”
I close my eyes at the sound of his voice, so sexy and rasping. I should have known he’d come find me. That he wouldn’t give up the chase, not even for a minute.
“Other guys would take the hint.” I open my eyes to find him leaning against a stack of law books, watching me with amusement. There’s an annoyed edge in my voice, thank God; the second he spoke, I felt a clench in my thighs but at least I still sound like I’m keeping my cool.
“I’m not like other guys.” Vaughn strolls closer. “But you already know that. Did you get my flowers?”
I nod. “And candy. And jewelry. What did you do, clean out the Hallmark store?”
Vaughn grins. “I looked, but I couldn’t find a card that says, ‘Congratulations on your hand job.’”
My pulse kicks. We’re alone in the library stacks, and God, that look in his eyes makes my stomach curl in a tight knot of anticipation.
“What do you want?” I whisper, knowing the answer already.
“It’s not what I want,” he says conversationally, starting to roll up the cuffs of his shirt. He does one arm and then the other, his skin golden and dusted with hair beneath the crisp cotton. “It’s what I’m going to do. I’m going to eat you out, right here, right now.”
My legs go weak. I want to counter, to say something quick, but all I can do is sink back against the bookcase.
“I’m going to gorge on you, sweetheart.” Vaughn leans in, his breath hot on my cheek, his eyes glittering, dark and full of wicked promise. “I’m going to lick that pretty little clit of yours until you want to scream. You’re going to be begging for my cock by the time I’m through with you. But you won’t make a sound, will you? Because somebody will hear. And we don’t want anyone to know.”
Oh my God.
I’ve never heard a guy talk like this before -- never felt so turned on. Before I can pull my brain back together to respond, Vaughn sinks to his knees in front of me. I’m wearing heels today, so his face is level with my crotch. He reaches out, and deliberately pushes my skirt up my thighs. Higher, higher, until it’s bunched around my waists and I’m totally exposed to him, the silk of my panties already damp between my thighs.
“Stockings.” Vaughn teases a finger around the band, pulling them down. I shudder at his touch. He looks up at me with a smirk. “Wear these when I fuck you.”
Then without another word, he leans in and grasps the front of my panties in his teeth, yanking them down and letting them fall in a heap around my feet. Then he takes my ankles in each hand, lifting my feet free of my panties and pushing them apart so I’m spread wide to him.
“Hold on,” he says. “Lock your knees so you don’t fall.”
I gasp for air, reaching up to cling onto the edge of the bookcase. I should say something, do something. I can’t believe I’m doing this: naked from the waist-down in the back aisle of the law library. Anyone could come looking for a book back here. Anyone could see me like this, him kneeling between my thighs, his hands sliding up the inside of my legs.
Dirty. Forbidden. So totally hot.
In our game of bluffs, Vaughn is totally winning right now. And I don’t care.
I close my eyes and tilt my head back.
“No, watch,” he orders. I snap my eyes open again.
“I want you to watch me lick your pussy,” he says, his eyes still fixed on mine. He slips his hand between my legs and lightly strokes over my wetness. I gasp, my whole body trembling at his touch. “I want you to watch me fuck you with my tongue.”
I stifle a moan. Pleasure crashes through me. Already my body is shaking as Vaughn teases me, rubbing softly around my entrance, over my clit, back down lower again.
“Say it,” he orders.
“What?” I gasp. His thumb swirls around my clit again, but it’s not enough, I’m already aching, desperate for more.
“Tell me what you want me to do.”
I can’t. Saying it would be admitting defeat, waving a white flag before plummeting into a totally new universe. But as I hesitate, the pressure against me eases and I stifle a cry. Vaughn is waiting, watching me with that detached, powerful gaze. My whole body is beating with impatience now, swaying towards his hand.
If I say it, he’ll win.
I look down at him, just inches from me and I feel another surge of anticipation.
Fine. Let him win.
“Touch me,” I gasp. “Lick me. Please, I need your mouth.”
“Good girl.”
Vaughn dips his head and licks up against me, hot and wet against my clit.
I cry out, clamping one hand over my mouth to muffle the sound as his tongue laps and probes, over and over, an agonizingly sweet pressure. He’s ravenous, devouring me, sucking at the tender flesh, then licking lower, swirling around my entrance and plunging his tongue deep inside me.
Holy shit.
Pleasure crashes through me. My legs give way, I sink against him, but he just pulls my legs around his neck, lifting me up as if I weigh nothing and slamming me back against the bookcase. His tongue plunges deeper inside me and God, I can feel the wave already, cresting higher, lightening in my veins.
Suddenly, a shiver rolls down my body that has nothing to do with Vaughn: a shock of unease, like someone’s watching us. I glance around, my heart racing, but we’re alone in the stacks. I can’t see anyone, and--
Oh!
Vaughn shifts me, licking back up to my clit, and fuck, now he’s plunging two fingers deep inside where his tongue once was, stretching me, curving up higher, fucking me in a relentless rhythm as his tongue laps at my clit. I forget everything, I can’t take it, the sensation crashes over me, it’s too much. I struggle in his arms but his grip on me won’t let up. He laps harder, faster, forcing a third finger into my aching channel as he takes my clit between his lips and sucks, hard.
I shatter with a cry, coming, coming, coming over his lips, his wicked tongue until I’m spent and gasping in his arms.
TWELVE
VAUGHN
I set her down and straighten up.
“That’s two,” I tell her casually, yanking her skirt back down.
Keely blinks at me with those wide eyes, looking like her whole world just turned upside down. She’s sexy as hell, all mussed up and blushing. I can’t help myself, I shove her back, kissing her hard so she can taste herself, my mouth slick with her delicious juices.
Damn, I could have eaten her all day. Sweet and tight and gushing wet for me. I can’t wait to feel that pussy clench around my cock, tight as a goddamn vice.
“Enough fucking around,” I say her, holding her chin up. I force her to look at me, to see I’m not taking her good girl shit anymore. “You’ve had your fun playing hard to get, but you know as well as I do that went out the window the minute you spread your legs for me right here in the middle of your office.”
Keely tenses, like she’s just remembered where the fuck we are, but I keep hold of her chin, forcing her in place.
“I’m taking you to dinner, and then I’m fucking your brains out,” I order her, about five seconds away from bending her over and pounding her right here. I’ve been hard since the minute I thrust my fingers inside her damp, aching pussy, but we’re still stuck in this fucking library. She may have kept quiet for now, but what I’ve got in store for her will make her scream loud enough to bring the fucking fire department.
And damn, I want to hear that scream.
“I’m going to tie you down, and spank that sweet ass of yours, and then fuck your pussy until you can’t walk for days. Understand?”
Keely swallows. She looks like she’s about to argue with me again, so I grab her breast through her blouse and give her nipple a sharp tweak. She bites down on her bottom lip in surprise, but her cheeks flush with desire.
“Dinner. Tonight. My place. I’ll text you the address.”
I caress her breast again, softer this time. Keely lets out a tiny moan.
“I’ll take that as a yes.”
I scoop up her panties from the floor and dangle them from my finger. “I’m keeping these. I want you wet and ready for me the minute you walk through my door.”
I tuck them into my jacket pocket with a wink. Keely doesn’t look like she can talk just yet, so I steal another kiss and leave her there, collapsed against the bookcase with a dazed smile on her face.
It’s nothing new. I’ve seen that look a thousand times before, but I still feel a strange surge of pride as I walk away. Keely isn’t like everyone before her. Having her isn’t about finishing a job or proving something. It’s about her—the way she doesn’t back down, the way she challenges me. I need to take her, to completely devour her. She’s mine now. There’s no going back.
I stroll out through the office, whistling to myself as I plan all the ways I’m going to fuck that pretty little body -- starting with her mouth. Yeah, those pink lips sliding up and down my cock, that’s what I need.
“Mr. Vaughn.”
I turn. It’s that jackass of her boss, Carter Abrams, stepping out of a side room.
“It’s just Vaughn,” I say shortly.
He gives me a smarmy smile. “Of course. What brings you here today?”
“It’s handled.” I don’t have time for his bullshit -- he’s just a puffed up suit, and I sure as hell don’t like the way he talks to Keely.
“By Miss Fawes.” Abrams’ smile gets wider. “She’s very... accommodating.”
His voice is suggestive. What the hell? I narrow my eyes. Has he fucked her? Is this asshole the reason Keely kept pushing me away?
Jealousy pumps through me at the thought of his limp hands on that gorgeous body. But right away, I dismiss it. She wouldn’t touch this joker, and even if she did, she sure as hell wouldn’t again after I’ve shown her what a real man can do.
“Just let me know if you want to schedule another meeting with her,” Carter continues, still oozing smarm. “I can arrange some private sessions.”
“That won’t be necessary.” I glare at him. Whether he’s fucking her or not, this guy is up to something. He’s practically pimping her out right now.
“Anything I can do to help my clients,” Carter sneers again, but I’m already done.
“I’ll be in touch.” I hit the elevator button. Conversation over. As the doors close, I see Carter watching me with that weird look on his face.
Whatever. That guy is a creep and an asshole, but I’ve got what I need.
Tonight, it all goes down. Keely’s going to get a lesson in submission that she’ll never forget -- all nine massive inches of it. And dammit if that girl won’t be on her knees and sobbing for me by the time I finally give her what she needs.
That pussy belongs to me now, and I’m going to enjoy every fucking minute of it.
THIRTEEN
KEELY
I don’t know how I make it through the rest of the day, but finally, six o’ clock rolls around and I drive home, my brain still spinning.
Vaughn.
He fills my thoughts, overwhelming my senses. Even left alone, I can feel him. His touch blazing across my skin. The imprint of his fingers digging into my thighs. His mouth...
I have to gasp for air, remembering the pleasure that crashed through me from his tongue. I can’t imagine what’s in store for me later, how anything could possibly be hotter, feel any better than the heaven he’s already shown me, but Vaughn promised, it was only the beginning.
Tonight...
I shiver, my nipples growing hard under my clothes just at the memory of the look in his eyes. A promise. An ultimatum.
I surrendered, let him take control—and he took it.
I don’t know anything about him, but I can’t pretend any longer, I don’t want to run anymore. I don’t care about the consequences. That man is a force of nature, and I’m through trying to stand in his way. I don’t care what that makes me, I just know I’ve never felt a desire like this before.
I want to feel alive. I want to feel.
I let myself into my apartment, already feeling the sick giddy kick of anticipation in my stomach. I have an hour to get ready, so I take a shower, carefully washing every inch of my body.
“I want you wet and ready for me.”
Vaughn’s words echo in my head. Well, that won’t be a problem. I spent all day in a damp, aching haze, feeling the whisper of cool air between my thighs where my panties used to be.
I never realized going bare could make me feel so sexy, so daring. Like I was hiding a secret only he would know.
Drying off, I go to my wardrobe. I know that whatever I pick will be crumpled on Vaughn’s bedroom floor before long, but I still want to look good for him. I deliberate for ages before picking out a simple black silk dress. It fits me like a glove, with tiny spaghetti straps, and a deep V that laces up in the back. I usually wear underwear and a slip with it, but tonight, I leave them off: sliding the fabric over my naked body.
It settles in a whisper, shockingly sensual against my skin. Already, my body is sensitive, my nipples swollen with anticipation, aching for his touch.
I slide on a pair of strappy black sandals and pin my hair up, applying a coat of red lipstick. I haven’t worn it since I bought it on impulse, years ago, but now I like the way it looks: a bold slash of red against my pale skin.
There.
I stare at my reflection, feeling a tremor of nerves. I look all grown up.
A woman.
I can’t believe I’m doing this. But as I take a deep breath, I feel a thrill coursing through my bloodstream.
Just tonight, I’ll be wanton, reckless. Just tonight, I’ll discover what it’s like to let someone else take control and live life on the edge.
I collect my purse and jacket, and leave.
* * *
Vaughn’s address is up in the Hollywood Hills. I drive the narrow, twisting road with my heart in my throat. Just a week ago, I would have never agreed to this, never put on this dress and gotten in my car. But now?
I couldn’t turn back if I tried.
I reach his turning, high in the canyon, and head off the main road, down a short driveway.
Wow.
The house is modern, a white cube set precariously on the edge of the hill, looking out over the whole city. There’s a silver sports car in the car-port, so I pull up behind it, turning off the engine.
I thought I would be nervous when I got here. But instead a hot anticipation fills me. This may be the craziest thing I’ve ever agreed to—and I can’t wait to start.
I get out and carefully make my way down the path to the front door. It opens before I even reach for the doorbell.
“Hello, Keely.”
My heart stops. Vaughn is standing in the doorway, smiling a heart-stopping smile. He’s wearing a pair of dark jeans that hug the curve of his ass, with a crisp white shirt open at the throat to show his tanned skin and a dusting of dark hairs.
He looks incredible.
“Come.” He beckons me, and I take a nervous step forward into the house.
Music is playing, some sultry jazz song, and when I look around, I feel even more out of my league. The house is open-plan, with stream-lined modern furnishings and vibrant abstract art. The whole back wall is made of glass, with jaw-dropping views of Los Angeles, lit up in a neon grid below us.
“This place is amazing, really hidden away,” I say. “Have you lived here long? I love the canyons--”
“Stop talking.”
Vaughn cuts me short. He strolls towards me, lazy as a panther, and places a possessive finger over my lips.
“I’m going to tell you how tonight is going to go,” he says with a smoldering look. “Pay attention, because I’ll only say this once.” His voice is low and measured, but there’s a thread of steel in his tone that makes my stomach drop.
“I don’t want to talk about the traffic, or the weather, or any other boring bullshit. Your mouth is too useful to waste on such trivial things. In fact, I don’t require you to speak at all. Not unless you’re begging,” he adds with a dangerous smile. “Yes, Vaughn. More, Vaughn. Harder, Vaughn.”
Dear God.
Heat rushes through me. He’s so dominating.
“In fact, if you do speak out of turn, I might have to inflict some kind of punishment.” Vaughn smiles again, glittering and deadly. “Nod if you understand.”
I nod, my knees trembling. This is nothing like our encounter in the bathroom or even in the library. I wonder what kind of punishment he means, and if I’d like it; I almost want to test him, but if the past few days have taught me anything, I know that he never bluffs. “Yes, Vaughn,” I whisper, already so turned on I can barely stand.
“Good girl.” Vaughn’s hand trails down from my lips, over my collarbone, around to fondle my breast. I suck in a breath, his thumb teasing over my nipple.
“No underwear?” Vaughn quirks an eyebrow. “How very naughty of you, Miss Fawes.”
He strokes again, squeezing the tight bud. Pleasure floods through me. But then, just as quickly, he takes his hand away. I stifle a whimper of dismay.
“Not yet.” Vaughn looks amused. “You haven’t earned it.”
I blink at him in confusion. I thought he wanted to touch me, that’s what he’s been promising all this time.
“You said ‘no’ to me, Keely.” Vaughn’s face darkens. “You made me chase you. Now, you need to learn who’s in control. I decide your pleasure. I’m in charge now.”
Vaughn steps closer to me. Heat radiates from his body, the muscles tightly coiled like a predator. “You don’t get to play hard to get anymore.” He looks down at me, his face set with determination. “Tonight, you submit to me completely. Whatever I say, you do it. Whatever I want, you provide. No questions. No protests. Do you understand?”
I don’t say anything.
He glares at me. “Do. You. Understand?”
I nod. “Yes, Vaughn.” My stomach is in knots, but it’s a thrilling sensation..
I want to surrender. I want to submit. I want to know what it’s like to have him control me, completely.
“Good. Now get on your knees.”
My heart stops.
“You heard me.” Vaughn stares at me, his eyes dark and uncompromising. “Get on your knees. And this better be the last time you make me repeat myself.”
A thrill shivers through me. I never thought I could like this, never thought I’d want anyone to talk to me like this. But God, he’s sexy when he orders me around.
I slowly sink to my knees in front of him.
“Put your hands behind your back,” Vaughn continues, looming above me with a dark gleam in his eyes.
I do as he says.
“Now open your mouth.”
I gasp for air, my lips falling wide open.
“Now, don’t you make a pretty picture?” Vaughn smiles, casually unzipping his jeans. “I’ve been imagining you like this since the moment we met. Except, in my fantasies, you’re begging to suck my cock. What can we do about that?”
My heart is racing, loud enough that he has to hear it too. I’ve never felt so helpless in my life, kneeling here with my mouth wide open, panting for breath.
And I’ve never felt so turned on.
“You remember this, don’t you?” Vaughn pushes his jeans open and unleashes his dick.
Jesus, he’s massive.
Vaughn lets out a low chuckle. “Look at you, panting already. You want it bad. You’ve never had a cock like this before.”
He’s right. I can’t take my eyes off him. Down here on my knees, it looks even bigger than before: nine inches of hard muscle, the veins straining down the length of him.
I want to taste him.
Unconsciously, I lick my lips. Vaughn’s breath catches.
“Damn, baby.” He strokes himself, getting even harder in his hands. “You really have been starved. When was the last time you got a good mouthful?”
I pause, uncertain. Is this a trap?
Vaughn gives me a brief, reassuring smile. “You can answer.”
I catch my breath. “A guy I dated in college,” I admit. I usually don’t like going down on guys. It’s always messy and gross, the smell, the taste of it. But Vaughn is different. God, just the sight of him makes me wet and aching. “But he wasn’t...”
“Wasn’t what?” Vaughn keeps stroking himself, almost absently. His cock jerks in his hand, straining. Huge and ready.
“Wasn’t anything like you,” I whisper.
“Nobody is.” Vaughn strolls closer. “You want to taste me,” he says in a low voice. His eyes fix on me, and I can’t look away.
I nod, my breath catching in my throat.
“You want me to fuck your wet, empty mouth,” Vaughn says softly.
I moan.
“You want to suck me down until you can’t take anymore. You want to lick my balls, and choke as my cum drips down your chin.”
“Yes.” I tremble, amazed at how his words possess me. I’m consumed with lust, dizzy and gasping. I’m empty, and I need him to fill me, now.
“Louder.” Vaughn orders, looming over me.
“Yes!” I cry. “Please!”
“Please what?” Vaughn taunts me.
“Please!” I cry, desperate. I don’t care that I’m begging, I don’t care about anything at all except the rush of lust consuming me, the aching need clawing me from within. “Let me suck you! I need you, Vaughn, please!”
Victory flashes on his face. “Very well,” he drawls, “You may suck my dick.”
FOURTEEN
VAUGHN
She takes a deep breath like she’s preparing herself, but I don’t wait. I close the distance between us, grabbing the back of her head and thrusting my cock into deep her open mouth.
Like that, baby. Just the way you begged.
Keely moans, closing her lips around me and sucking deep. She can barely fit my head in her mouth, I’m too big, but she swirls her tongue around me, eager for a taste. Damn, if I’ll deny her now. I rock my hips back and thrust in again, deeper this time, all the way to the back of her throat.
She takes me all the way in. I bury my hands in her hair, pulling it free from its neat pinned style and using it to yank her face down again, controlling the tempo, fucking that perfect mouth over and over until she’s moaning into my dick, her whole body rising and falling with every stroke, her hands still clutched behind her back.
I watch the slide of bright red lipstick smear up and down my shaft, my brain fading as tension coils tighter in my balls and the world shrinks to just her lips and tongue and those whimpers of pleasure she sounds in the back of her throat.
Fuck, she’s good. I never imagined it could feel like this.
Keely lifts her head, breaking pace, and now she’s licking along the length of me, swirling her tongue, closing her lips in a tight vice to play with the ridge around my head. She ducks lower, licking my balls, and then fuck, she takes one of the sacs between her lips and sucks the whole damn thing into her mouth.
I groan as the sensation crashes through me. Goddamn, this girl is a miracle. “Fuck, baby. Yeah. Suck me.”
Keely answers with a whimper, her tongue straying further to lick along my taint until I’m shuddering and close to the edge. Still, she teases me, lapping me like a fucking ice-cream, her tongue dancing over my shaft and head, too fucking soft.
“Enough!” I growl, grabbing her hair again and forcing her mouth back down the length of me. “No more fucking around. Take it all!”
Keely moans, angling her head to take me deeper, all the way down her throat. Fuck. The pressure is incredible. Now I’m close to losing it, blood pounding in my ears and straining in my cock.
I thrust deep into her throat, lost in the wetness, the hot slide of her mouth. Over and over, she take me, sucking me down a little deeper every time, until the whole massive, throbbing length of me is buried between those juicy red lips and I can feel the ridges of her throat rubbing against my head with every thrust.
“Oh fuck,” I groan, tortured. I pump harder, cresting, so fucking close to the edge.
Keely lifts her eyes to me, wild and bright with lust. Her face is flushed, she’s sobbing in eager moans with every bob of her head, gorging on me, desperate for more. Fuck, she’s close to losing it too. I can see it in her face, the urgency, the ecstasy. She wants it, wants everything I have, begging me with her eyes, and something about her feverish need pushes me over the fucking edge and I come with a savage cry.
“Fuck!” I roar, spurting down her throat in a hot gush as the pleasure crashes through me like a goddamn tidal wave and I lose my fucking mind.
FIFTEEN
KEELY
I drink him down hungrily, milking every last shudder as his orgasm fades away. I’m on my knees, but I’ve never felt so powerful -- never lost myself in giving pleasure like this before, the whole world fading until there’s nothing but my mouth and his gorgeous cock and the ache in my body, dear Lord, so sharp and unsatisfied.
I sit back, reeling, every limb flooded with sensation. I don’t know how; he hasn’t even laid a hand on me yet, but I’m coiled tight and gasping. I feel like I could come from just a single touch.
Vaughn gazes down at me. “Very nice,” he murmurs, reaching out to wipe a drop of cum from my lips. He puts his thumb into his mouth and sucks. “You’re just full of surprises, aren’t you?”
I feel a flush of pride.
“You’re close?” His eyes sweep over me.
“Yes,” I whisper. I’m trembling here, so wet between my thighs, every part of me aching for him.
“Good. You should know what it feels like to want someone this bad.” Vaughn pulls his jeans back up, strolling over to the bar in the corner. “It’s agony, isn’t it? Needing something only I can give you. Desperate to feel me slide inside that juicy cunt. Think about that, Keely. Think about my cock driving deep inside you, all of me, right up to the fucking hilt.”
His words wash over me with a shudder, and I imagine just how good that would feel.
Vaughn takes his sweet time. He pours himself a drink of whiskey while I wait. The sharp point of my heels are digging painfully into the back of my bare thighs, but I wouldn’t break position right now for a million dollars.
I’m empty. I’m aching. I need him so bad I feel like I’m going to die.
“Get up,” Vaughn finally orders me.
I scramble to my feet in relief. My legs are unsteady. I sway, trying to stand straight, but my heartbeat races in anticipation as Vaughn slowly walks back towards me.
“Now take off your dress. Let me look at that beautiful body you’ve been hiding from me.”
We’re in the middle of his living room, the lights bright, the windows open for anyone to see.
I unhook one strap, then the other. The dress slips off my body in a shiver of silk, pooling around my ankles on the floor.
I’m totally naked in my heels.
Vaughn stares at me, his gaze burning across my skin. My breasts. My stomach. Down to the neat triangle between my trembling thighs.
I feel a flicker of power. I straighten up, tilting my hip, showing myself to him. I’ve always felt awkward in my skin, but tonight, a sudden confidence lifts me.
That’s desire on his face. Hunger in his eyes. For me.
I start to pivot, turning in a slow circle for him to see. God, I can’t wait for him to touch me. Surely it has to be soon. I can feel his hands already, imagining their rough touch--
Suddenly his voice cuts me off. “Stop.”
I freeze. Vaughn’s face is dark. “You’re not wearing stockings,” he says. My heart skips. “I told you,” he continues, his voice silky but threatening. “I wanted to fuck you in those stockings.”
“I’m sorry,” I say, blood rushing to my face. “I forgot.”
“I don’t care about the reason.” Vaughn’s eyes glitter. “You’ve disobeyed me. That means you need to be punished.”
My stomach clenches with nerves. “But, please--”
“Silence!” Vaughn roars.
My protest dies on my lips.
“On the table,” Vaughn orders me, pointing to the coffee table. It’s set in front of the sofa, a low perspex frame. “Hands and knees. Now.”
I hurry to do as he says, my heart pounding with anticipation. Oh God, what’s he going to do to me now?
The plastic is cold and hard against my naked skin, but I get down on all fours on top of it like he ordered, my hair falling forwards around my face.
My breasts tremble, swinging free beneath me. My bare ass juts up into the air, which is cold against my skin, the wet heat exposed between my thighs. I’m open, naked, displayed to him, totally powerless.
It’s shameful, dirty. And God, I feel a whole new kind of thrill.
“Well look at you…” Vaughn’s voice drawls, amused. He slowly paces around the table, examining me from every angle. “Don’t you make a pretty sight?”
My stomach curls to feel his gaze on me. I focus on my breathing, coming in low, shallow pants. Every sense in my body is alive. Every part of me screams for release.
“If you weren’t such a bad girl, I’d be touching you right now.” Vaughn’s voice caresses me, smooth as molasses. “I’d be stroking those juicy breasts, slow the way you want.”
Oh God. I let out a whimper.
“I’d pinch those tight little nipples,” he continues, his voice so even, relentless, filling my mind. “Hell, maybe I’d even take them in my mouth. Would you like that, Keely? Do you want me to suck on your nipples?”
“Yes,” I manage. My breasts are swollen, my nipples puckered at the thought. “Oh god, please.”
“I thought you might.” Vaughn keeps walking, circling around me. His footsteps stop, back by my rear.
“Damn,” he murmurs. “You’re dripping wet. You want my cock so bad, don’t you?”
I’m past words now, so I just moan my agreement.
“Looking at you like this is making me hard,” Vaughn’s voice continues, behind me, out of sight. “I could pound you right now, drive into that aching pussy. I’d fill you so deep, you’d be screaming. Hard and fast, baby, fucking you like an animal. Do you want it, Keely? Do you?”
“Vaughn!” It’s all I can do to stay on my hands and knees, I’m so weak with desire. “Please, I need you.”
“What you need is to learn some damn respect.”
Suddenly, a stinging slap lands on my right ass cheek.
I let out a scream of surprise. Vaughn spanks me again, the sound ringing out, and I jolt forwards from the impact, gasping in pain.
“You need to learn that I’m in charge.” Vaughn’s hand smooths over the spot he just spanked, with a warm caress. I moan, pleasure replacing the pain in an instant. “You need to learn, the only thing that matters here is what I fucking want.”
He spanks me again, hard and sharp. The pain shatters through me, and I gasp with shock, but right again, he’s smoothing, caressing, soft and sweet.
Pain mingles with pleasure, blood rushing through my body.
Oh god. It feels so good.
“The rules are very simple.” Vaughn lands a slap on my other ass cheek. “You do exactly as I say, you’ll be rewarded.” He spanks me again, harder this time, and I cry out. But then his hand is stroking, lower, his fingers dipping down between my crease to slide over my wet aching lips.
I shudder, whimpering, bucking back against his hand. But then it’s gone, replaced by a series of harsh, stinging slaps that rain down on my cheeks and tender thighs without pause. “Disobey me, and you’ll be punished.” Vaughn says roughly, punctuating every smack. “And I will make you hurt, baby. Don’t think that I won’t.”
Five, six, seven slaps. He doesn’t stop. Oh God, he doesn’t stop.
Eight, nine. I cry out now, biting down on the inside of my cheek, my body jerking forward with the force of every blow.
But somehow, I want it. Ten, eleven. I chant along in my head, dizzy now, gasping for more. The sting, that exquisite burn, Vaughn times it just right, landing just the right amount of pressure to shock my body, making my head spin and my knees weak. Pleasure and pain mingling together, a sweet, sharp rush like nothing in the world.
Twelve.
Vaughn delivers the final slap with a growl. I can hear him breathing behind me, ragged.
“Good girl,” he murmurs. I can only whimper in response, my head spinning, and then he’s stroking, oh, his fingers whisper over me again, both hands this time, brushing softly over the pained, swollen skin, around my thighs, up over my naked back and shoulders.
It’s sweet relief, a wave of pleasure. I gasp, arching under his touch. Aching between my thighs to feel him. God, I need him there so much.
“You’ll be sore for days,” Vaughn murmurs, his hands gliding down again to cup and squeeze my cheeks. “I want you to remember what happens when you disobey me.”
A sinful thought fills my mind.
I should disobey him more often.
But then Vaughn’s hands are spreading me, easing my ass cheeks apart, and there isn’t time for thinking. I brace myself to finally take him between my thighs, but instead I feel his finger slide along my crack, rubbing softly over my asshole.
I tense, letting out a breath of surprise.
“What do we have here?” Vaughn sounds amused. He traces a light circle around me again, and I gasp, flinching away from his touch.
He can’t. He shouldn’t.
“A sweet virgin asshole.” Vaughn grips my hips hard in one hand, forcing me in place. I try to shrink away from his touch, blushing furiously, but he holds tight.
His finger slides over me again, probing gently at my back entrance. “You’ve never had anyone touch you here before?” he asks, sounding curious.
“No,” I say, my cheeks burning. I can’t believe he’s doing this, but my body is already shaking, the sensation of his touch there so foreign and new.
Dirty.
Wrong.
He wiggles his finger gently, probing just inside. Oh god. I hear myself moan at the pressure, and feel a flush of embarrassment.
“So tight,” Vaughn breathes approvingly. “We’ll have to work you up good before you can take me.”
What? I tense with shock, struggling in his hands. I can’t. He’s so big. There’s no way--
“Easy.” Vaughn laughs, holding me tight. “I won’t fuck your ass just yet. I’m going to start you real slow. Show you just how good it can feel.”
I’m still tense with panic but he spreads my ass cheeks wide, exposing me. Then I feel something foreign: hot and wet, probing at the delicate ring of flesh.
His tongue.
Holy shit.
I gasp, falling forwards onto my elbows as Vaughn licks me, swirling his tongue around, probing the tip inside me.
No. Oh God. It’s so wrong, but I can’t help whimper with pleasure. The delicate pressure, the wetness, back there. I’ve never felt anything like it before. I never thought I’d love it like this.
And then Vaughn slides a hand up between my thighs and strokes over my clit.
I scream. The sensation crashes through me, his stroking, firm on my clit, rubbing over and over as his tongue swirls back there.
“Oh god,” I gasp, shaking. It’s too much, the pleasure breaking through my body. I can’t stand it, I feel like I’m going to explode. His tongue wriggles and probes at me, so wet, so fucking wrong. I’m sobbing now, gasping for air, on my hands and knees and at his total mercy.
“Vaughn,” I moan, drowning under his touch, falling into the darkness, holding on for dear life. “Oh my god!”
I feel him chuckle against me. He rubs me harder, and oh God, it feels so good. I cry out, driving back against his hand. His tongue probes deeper into me, and I’m coming apart now, I can’t help it, my whole body shaking with sensation.
It’s too hot, too dark, too fucking forbidden. It’s wrong of me to like this, to whimper and beg and thrust my ass back against his mouth, but I can’t help it. I’m consumed, out of my mind with the pleasure.
Vaughn stops licking me, and I cry out to feel the absence of his tongue, but then a sharp slap rains down on my ass and the force sends me reeling.
“You like it hard,” he gasps, ragged. “Fuck, Keely, you’re a goddamn miracle. Tell me how you want it!”
“Like this!” I sob, thrusting against his hand. I’m past caring how it looks, past thought, all that matters in the world is the relentless rub of his fingers, so fucking perfect on my clit, and the sting of pressure on my skin. “Like this.”
“Fuck!”
Vaughn spanks me again, a stinging blow. Again.
“Yes!” I scream, thrusting faster. I’m climbing, cresting, oh God, I’m on the edge, I can’t take it any longer. “More! More!”
Vaughn lets out a savage roar, thrusting two fingers deep inside my aching pussy as his other hand cracks hard against my ass, spanking me relentlessly.
I lose my mind.
He curls his fingers up, fucking me deeper with his hand, spanking me again, over and over until the pleasure and pain is too much to take I break apart, screaming his name as I shatter, ecstasy flooding every cell in my body and robbing me of all thought, all power, all words.
I’m done. Broken.
His.
SIXTEEN
VAUGHN
Fucking hell.
I inhale a rasping breath, feeling her pussy clench around my fingers. She’s collapsed, whimpering and naked on the coffee table as her orgasm crashes through her delicious body, wave after wave.
I step back and watch her writhe, her naked ass red and mottled with the imprint of my hand. Branded. Like she should be. I’m hard as a fucking rock here, straining in my jeans, but I want to savor every moment of her surrender.
Goddamn, this girl is heaven.
I knew she’d be sweet, but this? This is beyond. Screaming my name, begging me to spank her. She rode my fingers like a fucking rodeo, desperate for release. All her inhibitions stripped away, until there was nothing but desire and need written all over that pretty face.
She’s made for submission. And this is only the beginning. I haven’t even gotten started on her yet. That mouth is going to beg for me again; that tight little asshole is going to stretch wide open for my cock.
And her cunt...
Yeah, that dripping, juicy cunt belongs to me now. I’m going to fuck it every which way, pound into her until she’s begging me to stop, until she’s bruised and aching and still can’t help but come her fucking brains out when I give her the word.
Nobody turns me down, dammit.
Keely rolls over and lifts herself up on her elbows. Her hair is mussed, her cheeks are pink. But the way she looks at me...
Hell, I feel it everywhere.
“Hey,” she whispers, looking bashful.
“Hey yourself.“ I drink her in, those pert breasts all puckered and tight. The curve of her body, the rise and fall of her chest. She’s so fucking beautiful right now, I could watch her for days.
If my cock wasn’t demanding satisfaction right this minute.
“That was...” Keely trails off. Her eyes widen and I can see reality start to sink back in, that little voice in her head reminding her she just came her fucking brains out with my tongue up her ass.
Time to shut that voice up for good.
I reach out and yank her to her feet. “That was your warm-up,” I growl, grabbing her hand and moving it to cover my hard, straining cock. “This is the main course. Are you ready for me?”
She bobs her head in an eager nod. “Yes,” she gasps. “Vaughn, please.”
Damn, I love to hear her beg me.
“Go to the bedroom.” I point her down the hall. “Lay on the bed, spread your legs, and wait for me. And no touching,” I order her, slipping my hand between her legs. I give her a swift, possessive stroke, making her moan.
“This is my property now,” I growl, watching her eyes roll back in pleasure. “This pussy belongs to me. You don’t come again until I’ve taken my pleasure.”
“Yes, Vaughn.” She gives me a breathless smile, swaying against me. “Whatever you want. Just tell me what to do.”
“Oh, I will.” I circle her clit and then tweak it hard. She squeals with pleasure. “I’ve gone gentle on you so far,” I warn her. “But believe me, I’m hungry now. Ravenous for your sweet pussy. I’m going to fuck you so good, this tight little cunt will never be the same.”
Keely looks dazed, panting for me, dripping with desire.
Oh yeah, she’s ready.
“Go.” I order her. She turns to follow my order, and I can’t help but land another stinging slap on that perfect ass. Keely moans.
“Legs spread, hands above your head,” I remind her. She scampers down the hallway to my bedroom like her feet are on fire.
Ready. Willing.
Mine.
I go pour another drink. I could tell myself it’s to make her wait, but the truth is, I need a moment to regain control. I feel like a fucking teenager, so fucking horny for her I’m about to shoot my wad the minute I slide inside of her.
Unacceptable. I want to pound that pussy all night long.
Get your shit together, Vaughn.
I gulp down the whiskey, and take a couple of breaths. Better. She’s probably moaning for me already, those sweet thighs spread and trembling. Desperate to touch herself. But she won’t. She knows better now than to test me, not after that spanking I delivered earlier.
She’ll wait until I’m good and ready to fuck her.
I switch the music, playing it through the speakers I have wired all around the house -- even the shower. Hmmm. There’s an idea. I think I’ll have to fuck her there too when I’m done; pressed up against the glass, soap suds sliding down her body.
We’ve got all night.
I pour another drink and turn to head back to the bedroom. Then my phone rings, loud in the room.
I check the screen. Unknown number. Seventeen missed calls.
Fuck.
I answer. “This better be a goddamn emergency,” I growl before the other person can speak. “Because I’m ten seconds away from getting laid and you do not want to fuck with me right now.”
“As long as the lady in question is Miss Fawes, we won’t have a problem.”
It’s the client, that slimy asshole. I feel a brief flash of guilt that he’s the reason I’ve got Keely spread out on my bed, but I push it away.
We’re way past that now. She stopped being just a job to me a long time ago.
“Yeah, it’s Keely,” I answer, going to the window. I look out at the city lights below. “I told you. Nobody turns me down. She’s begging for it, just like I said she would.”
“Good,” he says shortly. “Remember, I want evidence. Photos or video. Some of her used underwear if you can.”
Who the fuck is this guy? I think of Keely, waiting for me in the next room, wanting me, trusting me. Mine. I haven’t felt this way in years. I never thought I would again.
The client clicks his tongue impatiently, bringing me back to the job at hand. “Do you want me to stand around talking to you, or do you want me to get the job done?” I ask.
“We’ll talk tomorrow,” he says, and hangs up.
Finally.
I stalk down the hallway, and push open the bedroom door with a crash. “Are you ready for me to fuck you?” I ask, but my words die in my throat.
She’s not here.
I look around, towards the bathroom, but there’s no sign of her. The patio door is open, night air blowing cold.
Then I hear a car engine. I rush out the bedroom and sprint to the front door. I throw it open in time to see headlights. Keely reverses out of my driveway with a screech.
“Keely!” I yell.
But she’s already gone.
SEVENTEEN
KEELY
I drive home, tears streaming down my face, flooding my eyes until I can barely see the road in front of me, my heart aching so much it feels like my chest has been cleaved in two.
How could I be so stupid?
“I told you. Nobody turns me down. She’s begging for it, just like I said she would.”
The snippet of conversation I overheard echoes in my mind. His voice, so cavalier and cruel.
Who was he speaking to? How could he talk about me that way?
I’ve never done anything even close to that. I’d come so close to giving him everything. Letting him do all those things to my body. It was so freeing, to give myself up to the sensations I’d been dead to for so long. He never made me any promises, but I thought our connection was real; that the charge between us meant something. I couldn’t have been more wrong.
Was this just some fucked-up game to him?
You were just a cheap slut. A filthy whore for him to use.
I finally pull into my garage and sit there, sobbing helplessly in the dark. The pain in my chest is unbearable. I feel so humiliated. After I heard what he said on the phone, I didn’t even have time to grab my clothes or purse. I’m wearing nothing but one of Vaughn’s shirts, that I found over the back of a chair as I bolted out the back door.
The fabric smells of him, taunting me with memories.
Oh God, I wanted him so much. I would have done anything he asked; totally surrendered to the moment and that dominating glint in his dark eyes.
It was a lucky escape, I tell myself miserably.
Finally, my sobs subside and I get out of the car. My phone is ringing. Thank god I’d left it in the car -- Vaughn, I know before I even check the screen. I decline the call, but seconds later, it starts ringing again.
I can’t face talking to him, so I just switch the ringer off, fumbling for my keys as I climb the steps to my apartment. But when I reach the front porch, there’s someone waiting for me.
“June?” I ask, recognizing Ashcroft’s nurse. “What are you doing here?” I hope she doesn’t notice I’m only wearing a man’s shirt.
She steps into the light, and I can see she’s been crying too. “Are you OK?” I ask, my own problems pushed aside. “Come in, please.”
I unlock the door and open it for her, but she shakes her head. “I can’t stay. If they find out I’ve been talking to you...” She looks nervously around. “I’m going to my sister’s tonight. She lives in Atlanta. I should be safe there.”
“Safe from who?” My head is spinning. “What are you talking about? Who would find out?”
“I have to tell you something before I go,” she whispers, dropping her voice. “He made me promise to tell you.”
“Ashcroft?” I try to follow.
June nods. A car passes by and she startles, drawing closer to me. “He’s dead,” she tells me, wide-eyed. “He died tonight. They say it was another stroke.”
“Oh God, I’m so sorry,” I say. “But, I don’t understand. Why are you here? Do you need to talk to the office--”
“No!” she yelps. “You can’t trust them. Don’t trust anyone.” She grips my arms, her expression full of fear. “They’ll come after you now. They won’t stop for anything.”
“Why? June, you’re scaring me.” I try to pull away, but she’s holding too tight. “Nobody’s going to come after me. I’m just a paralegal. I’m nobody.”
“Not anymore.” June swallows. “He named you his heir. In his final will, Ashcroft left you everything. Five hundred million dollars.”
What?
My mouth drops open in shock. “I don’t understand. I saw the paperwork. There’s got to be some mistake.”
“He made a new version, one you never saw. His kids won’t stop until they destroy you,” she says, fearful. “There’s already a plan. I don’t know what, but you can’t trust anyone!” June breaks away from me. “I’ve already said too much. Just be careful!”
She bolts, skittering down my steps and into the night.
As her car headlights recede into the dark night, I try to get a grip on things, but after the night of wild pleasure and crashing disappointment, everything blurs into a terrible mess. I let myself in, exhausted, and sink to the floor with my back against the door.
Vaughn. Ashcroft. The money. It whirls in my mind until I can’t see straight anymore.
Five hundred million dollars, and I’m the only heir? June must have been mistaken. It’s impossible. It has to be.
And then my phone starts to ring, piercing the dark silence. I brace myself, and answer.
“Hello?”
TO BE CONTINUED….
PART TWO OF THE SEDUCTION
IS COMING JUNE 12TH.

THE SEDUCTION 2
Show me a woman who doesn’t like to be dominated, and I’ll show you a fucking liar.
It’s OK, you can admit it. I won’t tell. You want it rough and deep and dirty. You want to hear the steel in my voice when I tell you exactly how to please me. And you want to know, I won’t hesitate to punish you if you don’t follow my commands to the letter.
Yeah, that’s right. I’ll punish you, and I won’t go gentle either. I’ll bend you over and spank that sweet ass until it’s branded with my handprint. Until it hurts so good, you forget where the line is between pleasure and pain.
Who am I?
The Seducer.
And now I’m in way over my head.
I thought she was just a job to me, another girl to screw. But now she’s under my skin, and I can’t just walk away.
My secrets are spiraling out of control, but I can’t quit now. She doesn’t realize the danger she’s facing -- or that her biggest threat is me.
I want to protect her, but I could wind up destroying us both.
Want to know what happens next? Sign up
for my newsletter and be the first to know!
http://eepurl.com/S-rWz
Find me on Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/
roxysloaneauthor
On Twitter
https://twitter.com/Roxy_Sloane
Thank you so much for your incredible support. My heartfelt thanks goes to Holly at Holly’s Hot Reads, Marianna at A Lust for Reading, Kimberly at Book Reader Chronicles, Christine at Shh Mom’s Reading, Denise at Flirty Dirty Book Blog, Paula at Harps Romance Book Review, Steph at All Tied Up, and all you lovely bloggers who spent so much time and energy supporting writers. Thank you. And to my readers, I love your reactions and your passionate responses. Thank you a million times for your love and support.
