The Fire Between Us
Gareth Dowson
Copyright 2014 by Gareth Dowson
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Book 1
Falling in Time
Chapter One 	
Hello. I’m Stanley. Stanley Jefferson.
I’m a time traveller. Well, not on purpose. I became one, by accident. Well, not really by accident. You see, I entered the time vortex by choice. To search for the love of my life. It was she who fell in. Not me. Although, it wasn’t her choice either. She was pushed. Sorry, it’s a long story. 
I had to step into the vortex because I couldn’t live without her. That was my choice. She was my Viking bride and carrying our 26th Century child.  Like I say, it’s a long story. But, I’m here now, doing nothing. I might as well tell it to you. 
It all began when I’d spent most of my days alone. I’m 42, and I’ve always been alone. It had been a major feature of my life. No matter how hard I tried to find someone, I always ended up the same. On my own. Sad really. There came a point when I decided I’d had enough. I gave up looking for that special person and just settled on being single. That was a choice too, but it was a silly one. And I didn’t really like it anyway.
Mind you, as the saying goes, when you stop looking for love, love comes looking for you. And that’s precisely what happened. Albeit a little bit bizarrely.
Now, I’ve got all the time in the world to tell you how it all came about because, try as I might, I’m a hopeless time traveller. While speaking to you, I am stuck in a knot of history. I’m jammed between two tumultuous eddies of Time – the sinking of the Titanic, and the oncoming ‘Great’ War. They are very fast currents, and I can’t pull out. It’s taking all my skills to stay upright. If I slip my time helix will be torn apart. So forgive me if I sound a little distracted. I’ve been stuck in this vicious, tight twist for a while now, and, to be honest, it’s making me dizzy.
But there is one good thing to come out of this, it’s giving me the chance to reflect on my life. At least when I was introduced to time travel. By the woman I would love forever, and, it would seem, the love I would lose forever too.
It feels like a long time ago. Centuries. But, while you’re here, why don’t I share my story with you? It’s going to be a bumpy ride. It certainly was for me! What with being in love, time travelling, and meeting and losing those great people of the Underworld. Although I think you’ll enjoy the journey. It has its moments. I’m not even sure it’s over yet. Searching for my love isn’t over. Who knows what might happen next? Maybe she’s looking for me. 
Anyway, my story. You ready? Okay. Let’s see now. Where to begin...

We met under very unusual circumstances…

In a coffee shop. This is where I spent most of my unemployed life. Drinking coffee. People watching. Nothing much else. Apart from day dreaming and writing my thoughts down, believing I would be a writer, one day. But, on this particular day, my entire life turned upside down and would never be the same again.
This is the day. The day I met both the Viking and the ladies in black [and yes one of them is the love of my life. No, not the Viking!]. I must warn you my story is odd. It never returns to normal, and everything feels so fateful now that I think back on it.
Let’s see, there’s a Viking standing outside, and he’s watching me. There’s no doubt he’s a Viking, because he looks like one: helmet, beard, Nordic rags and those criss-cross leggings they used to wear. And there’s no doubt he is watching me because I’m sitting right by the window and he’s on the other side, looking straight at me, with a curiosity of half-recognition. It was as if he’d known me all his life, even though he’d never seen me before. I think I was doing the same to him.
It was such a crazy and surreal moment, I had to look away. I rubbed my face and then saw two ladies at the next table. I made eye contact with one of them. Quite bizarrely she smiled at me. Which doesn’t normally happen. So then I’m even more confused. And I turn to the window again.
His hands were on the glass. His helmet tapping the window and he was gazing at me, his mouth moving but I couldn’t understand him. I only speak English after all, not Viking, and the window wasn’t a help either. 
I started to feel a tiny bit embarrassed. He was just a hobo asking for change. What else could he be? So I tried to ignore him.
The lady in black was still smiling at me. And here came my great and wonderful discovery...she was beautiful. 
It’s always the eyes I notice first, [well, and the wedding finger, to see if she’s free], and she had hazel eyes. The kind to fall into. They were round and open and they were encompassing mine. My eyes were hooked, my brain doing strange things to me. Her smooth skin had a natural tan, her hair was sleek, short, combed and parted, a comma fell over her low forehead and her dark eyebrows held a posture of strength I would never challenge. She was dark but her mouth was gentle. And her cheeks. Oh her cheeks.
The other lady shuffled in her chair and I passed my glance to her. She wasn’t the one for me, but I could see many men would dream to be the one for her. And, if Hazel Eyes was my gentle love, Blue Eyes was the bland opposite. She was fair with blonde wavy hair, sharp cheeks, full lip-sticked lips and a nose assuming the higher moral ground no matter where you stood. Her breasts were bigger too, but I only noticed those when I realised they were dressed the same. (I don’t mean the breasts were dressed the same! You know what I mean.) Black business suits with wide collars and deep-necked, white blouses. Ignoring the breasts, I returned to the hazel eyes with a query of my own, and the answer soon came to me.
‘Stanley Jefferson,’ said Hazel Eyes. To which I replied quite dumbly by falling into them again.
‘Stanley Jefferson,’ said Blue Eyes, breaking my fall.
‘Erm, yes?’ I said, lamely.
‘You’re to come with us.’ Her blue eyes blocked any enquiry I might have had. I was finding it difficult to think properly.
‘Stanley,’ said Hazel Eyes, my reason for stumbling. I think she knew this. ‘It’s best if you come with us.’
‘Erm, okay,’ I stumbled. ‘But, why?’
‘Your life is in danger, Stanley. You have to come with us.’
I felt like a fool when I agreed so eagerly. I didn’t consider asking why, or even where we were going. But, as we stood up to leave, ignoring the window being battered, I think we all knew I would have gone anywhere with her. 
And that’s how it started. I fell in love, pure and simple. I was led like a two-year old out of the coffee shop and into the black limousine parked by the door, rumbling and ready to go.
The door slammed shut, and the car moved off seemingly in a hurry. I hadn’t even settled into the plush upholstery with two complete strangers either side of me, when the explosion from down the street rocked the car and caused us to shift faster from the scene. I became highly flustered, gasping at the suddenness of it all.
‘What was that?’ I shouted.
‘Relax, Mr Jefferson,’ said the driver, also a woman. ‘We got you out of there just in time.’
‘Just in time for what?’ I asked, still not thinking properly.
‘In time to save your life, Mr Jefferson,’ said the driver. ‘There are people in this world who want to kill you.’ 

Chapter Two
I fell back into my chair as the car sped on, leaving the shop and the town behind. When we entered country roads, the extra thrust of the engines pushed me into the leather and I could only gaze at the blurring windscreen. The driver was forcing alarming speeds around horrendous, blind bends, and I felt nauseous and terrible, on top of everything else. Feeling green too, I noticed a monitor on the dashboard showing the many miles ahead of us. She could drive as fast as she liked, as long as the wheels stayed on the road. 
‘Kill me?’ I heard me say. ‘Why kill me?’
I looked to Hazel Eyes for an answer. I didn’t want to ask High Moral Nose anything. 
‘You’re a special man, Stanley. You have a gift. You are unique to the human race.’
‘I am? In what way?’
Her eyes offered me no answer, but the depth of them meant my mind was in continuous freefall, and I was having difficulty thinking of anything else but her. 
‘All will become clear. You are in safe hands now.’
‘Okay.’  
The car lurched with a sharp drop in speed and I felt the gravity of my life leave me. 
‘If you say so.’
Then we curled around an oncoming tractor and picked up the race in its wake. As the speed squashed me back into my chair, I kept one eye on the road and one eye on the monitor. The monitor showed a clear stretch of road ahead and the driver drove like a boss. Perhaps she was right – I was in safe hands. So I looked back at her. And felt the freefall once again.
‘What’s your name?’
‘Michelle. And this is Nicole.’
‘Hello,’ I said to Nicole, barely looking at her, she likewise with me. ‘Nice to meet you,’ I said to Hazel, I mean Michelle. ‘But who are you?’
‘We are government agents. We are an organisation of the most highly secret classification. We can’t be traced. Not even on the internet. We are invisible, Stanley. Just like you are now. You don’t exist anymore.’
‘That bomb under your coffee table might just as well have taken you with it,’ said serious Nicole. ‘Because you have now left the living world. You’re never to go back to it.’
‘Never?’ I said, startled.
‘No, never,’ said Michelle. ‘Not back to it anyway,’ and her emphasis confused me. Although her smile eased my concerns a little. ‘I’ll explain later. It’s all a matter of time, Stanley.’
‘Not back.....I’m going forwards?’ I said. ‘But how? You mean, time travel?’ 
‘I’ll explain later. Something beyond our time and culture is opening our world into a new future and we must be its gatekeepers. You will be our special envoy,’ she said, her smile deepening like her eyes.
‘Me? But why?’
‘Later, Stanley,’ said Snotty Nose beside me. She was obviously the impatient one. 
I fell silent. Michelle didn’t appear troubled at all, so I took this as a good sign that I shouldn’t be either. But my brain was on overload.
Only fifteen minutes before, I was satisfied with the calmness around me, not knowing I was perched on top of a bomb that was timed to blow me up. I had been minding my own daily business, admiring all the people. Then a crazy shaggy-haired man took a keen interest in me and wouldn’t stop staring. He disturbed me, even moreso now I thought about him, not least because we seemed to share a mutual recognition, which I couldn’t explain. I thought I was looking at myself in a fancy dress outfit, [it’s the kind of thing I would do], but I also thought I was looking at a relation. Son, grandson, great grandson, something like that. But that was ridiculous. And impossible.
Then again, we had just been talking about time travel. So perhaps I was looking at my great grandson, or something! And yet, he was dressed like a Viking, from a thousand years ago. Just how far back would this relation of mine have had to have come from? A great, great, great, crikey, a lot of greats, and too many to count. But, waitaminute! They were talking about me going forwards in time, not backwards! 
None of this made sense. And my brain was starting to hurt. 
‘Who was the Viking?’ I found myself asking, watching the googled scenery at a hundred miles per hour.
‘The what?’ asked Michelle, bored with the driving.
‘The...Viking.’
‘What are you talking about?’ said the nose.
‘At the window,’ I stuttered, ‘in the coffee shop. He was banging the window.’
The ladies looked at me together, and I felt caught in a crossfire. Only women can do that to me, make me feel like I’m under attack just by a look. A terrible talent they have. I didn’t return the stares. I can’t. It’s not my thing. I am tragically non-confrontational. The story of my life, I’m afraid. [Well, one of them.]
I felt the ladies’ looks leave me, and I physically relaxed. The driver joined the communication through the rear view mirror, then resumed her driving. Personally, I didn’t have a clue what was going on. [Another story of my life.]
‘Erm...the Viking?’
‘There was no ‘Viking’,’ answered the nose, managing to put the word in parenthesis and ridiculing my query. Then she went quiet.
Michelle was nicer about it. ‘We didn’t see anyone, Stanley. Just you at the table. We were tasked to remove you from the danger ASAP. But no Viking, I’m afraid. Maybe you’d been on a caffeine trip and were seeing things?’
‘Yes,’ I said, being very polite about it. ‘I would prefer that explanation. Perhaps I was just seeing things. Too much coffee. That would make sense. Or he was just a tramp?’
‘Okay,’ said Nicole, settling the issue for me.
So, I tried to ignore the memory, even though it certainly felt real to me. I tried to imagine it only existing in my head and nowhere else. But that wasn’t easy either. Things just weren’t adding up.
Then the driver said, ‘We’re coming in.’ And, at that, she drove right into a hedge. Or would have done had the branches not dissolved into a tunnel of darkness. 
‘Blimey!’ I exclaimed, to the tuts of Uppity Nose. That woman. 
‘Switching to radar.’
Do you remember when ‘radar’ meant a circle on a ship’s display panel that went ‘ping’ when it detected a whale out ahead? Just a sweeping line that lit up objects and sounded cool in a submarine? Well, forget all that. This was Radar Royale. It sent out an echo all right, but the sweeping red line didn’t show up on the dashboard, it didn’t even bounce back like a normal radar – it stayed outside and lit up the tunnel. Every wall and junction flashed up in an outline of neon like an etch-a-sketch, in brilliant detail. It dimmed again, imprinted as a memory, then flashed again, and again, with instant updates to show the driver where she was going.
And we were definitely going downhill. I felt my stomach go funny. Michelle found something amusing too. Her smile started to widen mine, and I felt that freefall sensation all over again.
‘Nice,’ I said.
She nodded. And when the car bounced a little, we all nodded. The radar giving us all a red glow, and the 3D display showed the length of the tunnel, branching off here and there. We turned left, and right, and right again, going further into the maze of an underground network unknown to everyone but this strange organisation.
A radio broke the trundling silence.
‘Operation Roach. You are near to alightment. Status update requested.’
The driver spoke for all of us, ‘Roach complete. Full complement returning.’
‘Congratulations, Roach. Platform Four is ready for you. Out.’
And then we careened down a final tunnel that had a light growing in the distance. The car whined as it slowed and gradually braked alongside a perfectly fitted ramp for the side doors. We landed right on the spot.
‘Stanley,’ said Michelle, ‘we have something we’d like you to see.’
‘Okay,’ I said, starting to wonder where my life was going. 
As we got out of the car, my hands shook with adrenaline. It was all going too fast. I felt the fear of post trauma. My life had changed in minutes. Barely minutes. From a coffee shop nobody to a scared somebody in a top secret lair. My life didn’t make sense any more. My fear wasn’t post it was present. And I wondered what was coming next.
Chapter Three
As you might expect, it was no ordinary platform. The tunnel continued like an ordinary tunnel, but this wasn’t an ordinary platform. There were no signs, no seats, no litter, and no passengers. It was just an empty landing bay with lift doors oddly coded. They led me into the one that opened.
As I turned to face the closing doors, the driver made a quick check through her side window, then drove off, leaving the ‘platform’ empty again.
The doors sealed and I was relieved there were no mirrors to remind me of my looks. I always fantasised I was handsome and a good catch, but I knew what women really thought of me. It was always the same. They never fancy me. But I couldn’t stop fantasising that they did. I was a hopeless believer with nothing but a table for one in a coffee shop to show for it. I just couldn’t help myself. A mirror would have shown me out of their league. But I tried not to think about it.
The ride was very smooth. Up or down, I couldn’t tell as we traversed without a floor counter. We could have been going sideways for all I knew. 
‘How far down are we?’ I asked, my voice sounding loud in the small space we all shared.
‘A mile. At the drop-off point. Deeper now to the lower decks.’
‘What’s going to happen to me?’
‘You’re to meet some of our people. They will give you a full account of your mission directives,’ said Michelle.
‘I have a mission? Me? A mission? Crikey.’ This cheered me up a bit, suddenly being elevated to secret agent status. Me on a mission. And with these swanky people too. But I had a concern I needed to share. ‘What about you? Are you coming too? I mean, both of you, of course ha ha. Erm, will I be seeing you again?’
‘Yes, Stanley,’ said Michelle, warm to me. ‘You will be travelling with one of us. Who exactly, has yet to be decided. But, one of us will go with you, yes.’
‘Oh good,’ I said, relieved. But then I started to worry about which one would be coming along. Crikey, I thought, I hope it’s not the Nose. There’s no fun to be had from that one. And anyway, I thought and thought and thought, I really liked the possibility of going with Michelle. She really does something to me.
‘Georgian Longue will be coming too. He’s your guardian once we hand you over to him.’
‘Georgian Longue? Who’s he?’ I asked, deflating a little. Oh god, the word ‘boyfriend’ is about to rear its ugly head. Any moment now my new bubble of hope is about to burst.
‘Our senior time officer. Our best agent,’ said Michelle. 
‘Well, I’d like to meet him.’ I said, ‘A good friend of yours is he?’
Michelle smiled at me. Her biggest yet, and at first I thought she was going to go all gushy about how much she loved her stud of a guy. But she caught me off guard by saying, ‘No, Stanley. He’s my instructor and mentor. My superior and much respected colleague. That is all.’ And she smiled even more, to herself as much as to me.
‘Oh that’s nice,’ I said, honestly, and wondered what she was smiling about.
Nicole wasn’t. But then I wouldn’t expect her to do much smiling. She did however appear a tad more stern. I couldn’t work out why.
When the lift doors opened, I had another small shock. The figure in front of me, looking piercingly into me, even before the doors opened it seemed, narrowed his gaze into slits and made me think I was being speed-read like an open book. Surprised and exposed, I blinked hard to break the lock and did my own checking over of him. This had to be Georgian Longue: women smile like they do because of men like this. Walnut tan, powerful features, blond shiny perfectly waved hair, strong arms, broad physique and an obvious six foot tall dishy hunk to any woman he took a fancy to. Bollocks, I thought, this was the competition. I didn’t stand a chance.
‘You must be Monsieur Jefferson.’ Oh god, he was French too. Now I really didn’t stand a chance. He towered over me, but I was only two inches shorter. ‘How do you do?’
‘Fine, thank you. How do you do?’ I said, throwing the question right back at him.
‘I’m fine too, thank you. And we are very relieved to have you here in one piece. I believe there was an attempt on our friend’s life?’
The question bypassed me and went straight to his colleagues as he led us from the lift and into the main headquarters.
‘Yes, sir,’ said Nicole. ‘Operation Roach was one hundred per cent successfu....‘
But I wasn’t listening any more. I was walking with unguided feet, plodding along to stay with the others, but not really looking where I was going, because my head was bending high and gawping at the new world around me. I was gobsmacked. I’d never seen anything like it. 
At first I thought it was a mess of the fabulous. But my mind hadn’t processed the incredible visuals. As if diamonds whirled like a hurricane and a dazzling sunshine was scattered through every tiny prism of bejewelled rock. It was everywhere. The whole room was filled with the brilliant shine and sparkle of a kaleidoscope of blues, yellows, indigos, all sorts glittering and glowing in every lightened direction, no time for shadows to find a darkness. A brilliant brilliant display of electric light.
I focused a shade harder and could begin to make out directional flow of some lights that streamed across the ceiling or cascaded down a wall. They were waterfalls and rainbows. I saw short flashes flit from one point to another; I saw showers fall upwards, curve backwards then roll over another river of diamonds, and couldn’t make sense of what I was seeing.
To confound it all, there were people hovering in mid-air, or floating across the room on a carpet of light intensity. It boggled my brains and I could do little else but let my jaw hang loose, until lovely Michelle closed it up for me.
‘It’s wonderful, isn’t it?’ she said gently.
‘Wh-what is it?’ I said, dumbstruck.
‘Data,’ said Georgian Longue.
‘Huh?’
‘This is the future of computer technology, Monsieur Jefferson. Stand and marvel. This is the next step above and beyond our modern culture of computers.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘This is computerisation without computers. In our never ending race for development, software has outstripped the need for hardware. We have enlightened upon the spontaneous self-replication of computer code and FOS-engineering. The programs are self-sufficient and mono-generational. We have outgrown the need for plastics and silicon chips, even optical fibres. The fabric of space-time is our hardware now and the computer programs travel this freeway far more efficiently and rapidly than any construct we could design.
‘The free air is the computer now.’ 
I gulped. I was marvelling at diamonds with minds of their own. I was witnessing the future of the world. This was a computer! This was a computer! And I was standing inside it like a spectator to a million fireflies dancing in the open skies. Although, not quite open skies because there was a roof that reached higher than St Paul’s dome. No space was wasted. Some spaces were busier than others but the thing that amazed me the most was that people were actually flying in and out of clusters.
‘Are they-?’
‘Flying? No,’ laughed Georgian Longue. ‘The software has real substance and the data streams can be so dense you can literally stand on them. Obviously, every stream is controlled and we can programme them to act as vehicles. If you look to your right, at one o’clock, higher, you can see an engineer sitting on a block computation in order to reach a data file.’
‘Yes,’ I said, straining upwards to see the little figure with his hands manipulating the computations. He was creating software with his hands! Then he rolled it into a ball. Apparently his task was done. But not quite. With a touch-screen pencil, he tapped the air, and a white light hole appeared from nowhere. Casually he pushed the ball of commands into the small aperture, and pushed with his shoulder until the ball ‘popped’ through the hole and then that too disappeared from sight. The engineer re-pocketed his pencil, wiped his hands on his overalls and floated down to the floor.
‘What did I just see?’ I asked.
‘That’s a send-operation to the internet. We pass information to websites. Where did that go, Monsieur Rex?’ he asked the returning engineer.
‘The BBC,’ said a smiling Yorkshireman. ‘Their news directory was in need of an overhaul. Job done. Easy really.’
‘Yes,’ I said. ‘But what was that? That hole?’
‘A worm tunnel,’ said Rex, plainly. ‘It’s how we liaise and support the outside world, you know, the internet.’
Rex went about his duties and I was left gazing at the hole in space that wasn’t there anymore.
‘You have worm tunnels here?’
‘Yes. Hundreds. They are inter-dimensional routed vacuums. We have to be very careful with them. Many an engineer has lost a handkerchief down one. Thankfully we all wear safety neckties. Or we would lose a lot more than that.’
‘Have you lost people?’ I asked.
‘No. The holes are not big enough. But I like your thinking, Monsieur Jefferson. We do have a bigger hole for human transport, as you will soon see. And I am still waiting for a volunteer to come with us. Now, Monsieur Jefferson, let me show you something truly amazing.’
And he walked on, through streams that hung like beads. They parted as he brushed them aside. I followed meekly. But then stopped suddenly as a sharp cry came from a technician, ‘Mind your feet, sir!’
I looked down and saw a slither of jargon zip across the floor almost tripping me up.
‘What is it?’
‘It’s the shower-joint retro-virus, sir. The odd one irrupts on us from time to time and can create small havoc when it wants to.’
‘Oh.’
‘Not to worry though, sir, we have the virus under control. We have everything for the little bleeder, except a decent name, of course. ‘Shower-joint’ is not one of mine, I hasten to add.’
The virus, like an alphabet snake, was trying to curl up my leg
‘Crikey,’ I breathed. ‘You know, all this wizardry could be incredibly dangerous if it escaped.’
‘No need to be alarmed on that score, sir,’ said the scientist, successfully batting it off with a broom. ‘We have the compound on permanent air-tight lock-down. It’s one reason why we’re so deep underground. No possibility of an outbreak, sir. Perfectly safe.’
And with that he went chasing after the virus, as it scuttled for a place of safety.
‘This way,’ said Georgian Longue, smiling and confident. ‘You are going to like this.’


Chapter Four
He was right too. In an adjoining rest chamber I learned why I had been chosen for this mission. A reason that lay deep inside me.
‘Michelle is going to show you something. Then I hope you will understand why you are here.’ 
We sit opposite each other, our knees close, leaning inwards, the closest I’ve yet been to her, face to face, and I can feel my heart beating faster and stronger. I wonder if she’s not experiencing the same seismic shift as me. It would be brilliant if she was.
‘What are we doing?’ I ask, as Michelle looks into me, over me, around me and through me. To be honest, I’m not exactly sure where she is looking. But it feels nice, wherever she looks. Does she want to kiss me? Well she can go right ahead. I won’t stop her. I’m hopeless at taking the lead. Probably why I’m always single. Mind you, a kiss now would feel totally inappropriate. Not to say ‘odd’ after all that’s happened to me so far. No. No, she’s not going to kiss me. That’s just me being silly and romantic. But, what is going to happen?
Georgian Longue answered.
‘You have a gift, Monsieur Jefferson. A rare and wonderful gift. You have a power that no-one else has. You are not aware of it because all your life it has been dormant. But the world is changing now. Time is becoming a travel zone. And there are people in the future who need your special power to be awoken. They need your help.’
‘But what can I do?’ I asked, feeling a little small.
‘Look into Michelle. Look into her and soon you will know.’
I shrugged my shoulders and thought, look into Michelle? Look into Michelle? I’ve been looking into Michelle every chance I could. And now I’m being told to. Strange day I’m having.
But, when I did, when our eyes met and I felt that freefall once again, and she placed her hand on mine, I felt something else too. Something inside of me. But it wasn’t love. It was something else. Something I never knew was there. But not in my heart. In my head. It just woke up, as if, for my whole life, it had been asleep and now it was starting to rise. I couldn’t explain it. Like a musty old room and suddenly all the windows are flung open and sunny daylight gushes in. [Okay, I can explain it!] My brain changed instantly from an unassuming organ to a bottle of sunshine. And it was Michelle giving it a good shake.
No. Hang on. That’s not true. It wasn’t Michelle. She wasn’t firing my brain. It was something else. Something I couldn’t explain. [And this time I really couldn’t explain it.] Something deep inside I could call my own, but I couldn’t say what it was, only what it was doing to me.
It was as if my brain had lost its solid form and become a whirl of gas swirling and swirling inside my head, every thought curling into a perfect curve. The jagged edges of worries and bad memories becoming comforting corners of peace and calm. Michelle had gently whisked my mind into action, but it carried on rotating round and round, from curl to curl, to bend to bend. My life became clear and my eyes became focussed. Michelle, in front of me, was still inside my head.
Then suddenly I was inside hers, and I could detect patches of anger, dark moments of disappointment, violence, hurt and regret. Don’t ask me how, but I started to blend them into one single streak in a moving universe of light and free space, blending and fading them amongst the far abundant and superior golden glow of a beautiful mind. Her darkness vanished as the glimmer and glamour of Michelle claimed her mind and I freed her soul from whatever grief had beset her.
Yes, ‘free’ was the word, as free as a cloud that had lost all its rain and could fly the skies wherever its wind took her. Her balance had been restored and whatever melancholy she’d known was gone now. Gone forever, and I did that for her. Did I really do that for her?
Our swirling universes parted and I returned to the chamber with all eyes on me. Georgian Longue smiled his big smile at me, and Nicole simply looked through me, only distantly interested. I suppose I’ll never work that woman out.
‘And just in case you think that is a fluke, Monsieur Jefferson, try with Nicole.’
So Michelle left her chair, not appearing as happy as I thought she’d be, and let Nicole take her seat. As undecipherable as I’d learned to expect from her, [perhaps she just didn’t like me], she gave the same encompassing eye contact as Michelle had done and then she held my hand and made the same connections and we had the same dancing of the waltzing universes as I’d had with Michelle. But when we parted, her nose was just as snooty, and she stood up as if a menial task was finished. I tried to ignore her aloof nature, but people are difficult to ignore when they are that beautiful and you don’t know what makes them tick. At least for me.
‘You see?’ said Georgian Longue. ‘Two in a row. No fluke at all. And do you know what you did, Stanley?’
‘Probably not,’ I answered honestly, still swirling with my million thoughts, starting to settle now as if the whisking arm had grown tired. ‘Was that me?’
‘Yes it was,’ he smiled, and the ladies smiled a smile at me too. But I felt no warmth from them this time, as if some secret communication had turned me into an object and not a person.
‘Osmoscience, Monsieur Jefferson. Osmoscience. You are the only one who has this extraordinary talent. When two energies of opposing forces clash, the interface can experience stress. The interface of opposites. The hurt in a mind can push against the kind soul until death. Bad memories forcing against good. The desire to kill forcing against the desire to heal. You can name your own example if you wish, but it all amounts to the same condition. It is a sickness, Stanley. A pain, a malady. Not just inside the mind of a single person, but between people who clash and hate, and not just with people, with societies too, and countries, and races. At any dimension and at any level. We are talking about eternal interfaces of pain, my friend, an impenetrable barrier that blocks and resists any hope of peace. 
‘But you, Stanley! You! have the ability to create change. You are that hope, that can change so much. You are a channel, a human channel with the power to infiltrate that interface and pull down those barriers that cause so much pain in people, in societies, in races.
‘Osmoscience, Monsieur Jefferson. Osmoscience. You are the one who can save people from the dark, the hate, the rage, the wars and the internal pain in every soul. You are the channel. And we need you to work for us.’
I just stared at him. What else could I do? But, I tell you, if I ever have another day as surprising as this one, I’ll be sure to tell you about it.
And then he carried on, his eyes aflame, his body roving his joints like an American politician on Election Day, and the ladies, the ladies in the meantime, were still. One of them looked bored. One of them looked a small degree confused. And I couldn’t work out why. [I thought I’d healed her hurt?]
‘We need you, Stanley. We are so glad to have found you. There is a new kind of war coming to our civilisation. It is the War of Time. The invention of the time machine has created a new interface. It is the war of one time against another. But, do not worry, it is not our time under threat. It is two times of the future and one of them has come to us for rescue. They are the people of the Gentle Age, from a peaceful and calm era. They are being threatened by the other people, the Vikings of the New Age, who seek only carnage and horror. They are the ones who tried to kill you,’ he said, grimly. ‘Was there not a Viking near you when my ladies saved you from the explosion?’
‘Yes there was!’ Crikey, I thought. That was a close call after all.
‘It is a race against time, Stanley. For all of us. We need to keep you alive, and you must help the Gentle Ageians. They have come to us, knowing about you, Stanley. This people have come to us because of you, Monsieur Jefferson. And we have found you.’
I continued to stare at him.
His intensity had shrunk his actions and now he sat opposite me, hunched like a teacher talking to a tiny pupil who was hard of learning, but open to believing.
‘We have said you will go to them, Stanley. I hope you don’t mind. We have already made a deal with them. We have signed a declaration of exchange and we must urge you to go along with our plans. The technology you have seen today, our airwave software, is their gift to us. And they want you to go forward to their time, and save them from being destroyed. In saving one people, you will save both. And you will be regaled as a saviour of peace, a hero throughout all our futures.
‘It is you, Stanley. It is you. You saw what you can do when you set Michelle and Nicole free from their darkness. That is your gift. And the people of the future are asking you to do the same for them.
‘Will you do it?’
To say there was a pregnant pause was a bit of an understatement. I could only gawp like a child in a planetarium when all I cared for before were my conkers.
‘Stanley?’ said Michelle, breaking me out of my spell. ‘Will you help us?’
What could I say? From sitting in a coffee shop watching the world go by, I had been saved from a futuristic Viking attack, raced to a top secret underground base, exposed to futuristic technology, been told I had a gift for healing on any scale, and then offered the chance to time travel on a rescue mission. I think it’s fair to say, I needed a moment to think about this! 
And I still had yet to see the time machine.
But that was soon remedied as I was led, dumbfounded, and by the hand, from the rest chamber to the most top secret of all secret rooms in the base. The Time Laboratory.
Chapter Five
Of course, my mind wasn’t on the visuals. I had too much swimming in my head. I couldn’t register I was in the same room as a time machine, because I’d stopped listening to the outside world. I was listening to my new world forming inside me. And my worries were clear and strong. Why didn’t Nicole like me? Why does Georgian Longue make me feel so small? And why wasn’t Michelle happy as I thought she would be? Why does she look hurt? She won’t even make eye contact with me anymore. Funny thing, of all the extraordinary revelations existing around me, that was foremost on my mind.
‘So what do you think?’ said Georgian Longue, meaning the spectacle.
I was still without words, but they thought this understandable, so I had a reprieve from having to answer, for a while at least.
I checked the room like Charlie did at the Chocolate Factory and once again had to crane my neck backwards for an awfully high upwards gaze. This room was even bigger than the computer hall. In fact, the ceiling was so high, I could swear there was daylight. But that couldn’t be the outside peaking through, we were miles underground.
I gulped and brought my vision down again. It amazed me how big everything was. The scale of things was out of this world. Valves bigger than me, optical fibres stretched like the National Grid from console to console. They were as thick as my legs, transparently showing the future software coursing through their veins. There was a ventilation fan turning slowly with rotary blades big enough to drive the Q.E.II; there were glasses, [well, no, not glasses], screens showing something I used to watch on Dr Who, but far more kaleidoscopic, like static on old tv’s, but not white and grey specs, Hundreds and Thousands instead, all quite psychedelic and enough to rattle my eye balls out of their sockets; the scientists who were tiny next to giant control panels worked with comically miniscule levers and switches to suit the little people’s hands, the only things on a small scale. 
And then, in the centre of the vast floor, there towered a giant gateway, a massive portal. A black hole. Yes, it was a black hole. It was like standing over a drop, a frightening chasm, without a bottom. I felt a lurch as if mountain climbing, suddenly losing my footing, as if my rope gave way. My heart missed a beat. I gulped in instant fear. And couldn’t take my eyes off the thing. Neither could anybody else. Or anything else. All dials pointed to this. All cables led into its invisible rear, [blocked by the infinity I couldn’t penetrate], all heads turning to it for checks and adjustments, over and over again. It dominated the room.
And the technology belonged at Roswell, thousands of years ahead of anything I could imagine. The frame around the black hole was embossed with glowing binary and shape-shifting hieroglyphs, the synthetic surfaces remoulding with each new command from the scientists or from the occasional mild ‘burp’ from the goliath abyss standing upright, staring at me, and inviting me in for his dinner.
But something fed into my subconscious that did not alert my thinking self at the time, [fair do’s, Stanley!]. The synthetic skeleton surrounding the great hole was sometimes stone. Its edge was predominantly metal. I think it was meant to be metal. But sometimes the edges became granite, then maybe glistening crystal, then perhaps dull, but unpolished, pebble. It would return to metal but then fade and lose ground again to the oncoming stone gaining like a wave on a shore, then losing like a wave retreating to the sea. There were patches of stone here, then gone again, then there, always in flux, always changing like a shifting shadow from metal to rock to metal to rock. Continuous conflict it seemed to my subconscious, the ancient and the future, forever in conflict. I registered this only subliminally. Its importance would come to me later in a cave in the 26th Century. For now though, I ignored its significance, [there wasn’t any at the time], and I just briefly observed the strange effect. I was like a tourist not really taking it all in, just pretending to. And so I let it go.
‘Very nice,’ I said to the agents, inadequately and still stunned. [I never thought I would recover.] ‘Erm?’ I added, equally inadequately.
‘This is another worm tunnel,’ assured Georgian Longue. ‘But this one can fit a human or two, Monsieur Jefferson. Just as you imagined before.’
‘Do people come out the other end?’ I asked, “in one piece?” I was thinking.
‘Yes, perfectly whole and unharmed. An Ambassador from the Gentle Age was the first to demonstrate its safety. We’ve performed an excessive number of tests to guarantee there is no danger in travelling through the portal. Haven’t we, ladies?’
‘Yes. Perfectly safe,’ answered Nicole. Michelle was quiet.
‘Oh, I see. Well that’s a relief then.’
‘As a matter of fact,’ he continued, ‘the operation is outstandingly simple. You see, Time is like Gravity, there is nothing to stop it, except the ground. It continues on and on, no end and no beginning, a continuous surplus that never runs dry. If you wish to use Gravity as an energy source, you simply start from a high point and let the force do the rest. With Time, it is the same. You simply need a point above the ground. A point where you can drop through Time, just as you can with Gravity. And this worm tunnel, as provided by our future people, is such a point. When we step into the portal, we merely drop ourselves like a coin in a well. When we land, on ‘the ground’ [he did the speechmarks thing with his hands] at the other end we have arrived at our destination. The advanced technology of the Gentle Age simply decides where ‘the ground’ [he didn’t do it again, feeling silly the first time] will be.’
‘So, we fall through Time?’
‘Just the same as we fall through Gravity, yes.’
‘And the tunnel starts at a high point?’
‘And finishes at a lower point. In the future. Very good,’ he said. ‘You’ve grasped the principle very easily. I am impressed, Monsieur Jefferson.’
‘Erm, thank you.’ But a thought was nagging me. ‘But how do they know about me? I’m hundreds of years in their past and I haven’t done anything.’
‘Oh you have,’ answered Michelle, breaking out of her quiet spell. ‘You just haven’t done it yet. You wait and see. The future is coming to claim a hero. You are remembered, Stanley.’
Michelle halted in her enthusiasm and checked to see if Georgian Longue wasn’t offended by her interruption. At least, that’s what I thought was going on between them.
‘That’s quite correct, Michelle,’ authenticated her leader, and he smiled to show all was well. Michelle appeared relieved and I thought it a bit strange. 
Georgian Longue continued to talk about the time machine. It’s humming and rumblings never fading. It’s volume forever changing, like a sleeping bear disagreeing with his dreams. Some dreams it must be having!
‘You could do with one day’s grace, Stanley, but I am afraid we must be on our way. Time, as they say, is forever of the essence.’ He smiled at his joke, as did we. It was harmless humour after all, and he had a charming way of making people feel relaxed and safe in his company.
‘You mean I’ve no time to think about this?’
‘I am afraid not, Stanley. Why? Do you think you might not do this?’
‘Well...’ I stuttered a bit. It wasn’t that I didn’t want to do it. I mean, they did seem to be a competent government agency, group, whatever, who knew what they were doing, [well, I assumed they did!], but I still would have appreciated a moment to myself, just to fully comprehend it all. I was only human, after all, and I needed time to think.
In my fumblings of words I managed to share this thought with the group.
‘Of course!’ replied Georgian Longue. ‘How inconsiderate of me! You need time to think! Well, Monsieur Jefferson, we cannot offer you very much, but how about an hour or two to yourself? We give you complete privacy, food and drink and the bio-suit you will be wearing for the journey. How does that sound?’
Crikey, [I thought afterwards], he sure can be pushy. ‘Yes, that would be lovely. Thank you.’ I answered meekly, and thought, well that’s just typical of you, Stanley.
Georgian Longue continued,
‘I will be travelling with you, MJ. There will be three of us going. You will not be travelling alone. You will also have protective clothing.’
‘Protective clothing?’ I said, gazing into the black hole. ‘It does look frightening. Are you sure it’s safe?’
‘Yes. It is safe,’ insisted Georgian Longue. ‘An analogy is required. Just like cooking.’
I looked at him, expecting more.
‘Perfectly safe providing you wear heat resistant oven-gloves. Without them you would be burnt. The same is true here. I will be perfectly honest with you, Stanley, we are dealing with the powers of Nature akin to riding a lightning bolt. Immense powers. But we have the oven-gloves to shield us from being burnt. More than adequate, I can assure you. After all, would I be going with you if I thought it dangerous to my health?’
‘No,’ I said. ‘You’ve got a point there.’
Must admit, the likes of Georgian Longue coming along instead of passing the risks onto someone else did instil confidence in me. Perhaps I did have nothing to worry about.
But my head was still overloading with information. I still needed that mental breathing space to sit back and look at my new life, at least at arm’s length, to find some perspective. 
I was getting myself into such a state. I couldn’t tell if the room was buzzing like a beehive, or if it was me.
I took a deep breath. A deep breath. And gazed once more at the dark portal in front of me. My thoughts were in a million places, all cascading down and down into this tunnel of Time.
Georgian Longue patted me on the shoulder and walked off with Nicole. Michelle came close and stood next to me.
I looked at Michelle, who had grown complex since I experienced my gift with her.
‘You’ll be marvellous, Stanley,’ she said, delightfully, hiding something. ‘I know you will.’ 
I wanted to know what she was hiding. But then she held my hand. And I went all-aquiver.
‘Are you sure it’s safe, Michelle? If anyone can assure me, it’s you.’
‘Yes, Stanley. You’ll be fine.’
Her fresh, encouraging smile made me smile too. And, all of a sudden, I felt very sure about this mission. This crazy, outlandish mission. If Michelle felt it was right, then so did I.
I looked again into her eyes. And no amount of freefall through a time hole could compare with the way I fell, there and then, into her.
Chapter Six
Michelle was the last to leave me alone in my personal quarters. She closed the door quietly with a warm and small ‘bye’ and I stood in my quiet room, admiring and soaking up the peace it offered me. No sound but the whirring ventilation system and my own breathing, slowing, calming, thinking. 
I sank onto the bed, feeling the pillows cloud my ears, muffling away even the harmless purring in the ceiling. I closed my eyes and welcomed the slumber my brain needed so dearly. You know when you start to sleep in your catnap hours, your thoughts take charge and you follow them on illogical meanderings. Well, this was happening now. I let myself go, and didn’t particularly care where they would take me. I just wanted to sleep.

I slept for an hour, [they woke me after an hour], and I showered with the fragmented memory of strange dreams. Being pushed around. 
Smelling nice and super clean, I switched off the water flow and looked at my dripping face in the mirror, not knowing why it was a face to be pushed around. But it was. I towelled myself until dry and thankfully most of the impact of my dreams faded into the back of my mind as I began to dress.
The clothes looked super expensive. Full body coverage but minimalistic also and the lovely purple threads would have posed very fittingly up and down a catwalk. I loved them. They fitted me so well, and I couldn’t believe their lightness and comfort. Soft on my skin like a cotton shirt. No tugging or creasing. A perfect mould for my body. A fine cut in the tall mirror, with a swanky short collar and a discrete stud in one lapel. I looked dandy and felt cool in the purring room, in more ways than one.
A service trolley waited for me in the corner, so I tried lifting the lid off the dinner plate. It hissed before it would give. Prising the top away, I was pleased to find an instantly steam-heated main course of fish and exotic vegetables, including a cluster of chips. Which was nice.
I ate like a hungry man, and soon memories of dreams were forgotten. I sat back, with some reprieve before they called me, and gave myself a moment to think.
I have a power! I have a gift. This marvelled me into nervous breaths as I tried to understand what it meant. I can help people. I can reduce conflict in people’s lives. I can take it away from inside someone. I know I can, because I did it when Michelle held my hand and we bonded like two worlds in a whirl and it was fabulous. I was so proud of myself for helping her find happiness without the pain so surprisingly present in her mind. Good for you, Stanley! And, apparently, I can remove the conflict between people too. And no question of scale could stop me. Two people, two countries, two time zones. It didn’t matter. I could do it all!
But, waitaminute, I paused. It didn’t stop me from suffering conflict. There have been more than enough unpleasant characters in my life and they’ve given me lots of grief. It’s the reason I don’t enjoy half my dreams these days. I’ve suffered plenty from other people. How come I’ve never dispelled my own conflicts?
This placed a doubt in myself. I filled my coffee cup again and recalled what Georgian Longue said about my gift. What had he said? Oh yes, it had been dormant. Until now. Of course! That’s why I’ve never used it before against the rotters I’d fallen foul of. Never had the ability until now. Forever a passive pebble in an angry river. Lots of angry rivers too. What’s the matter with some people? And what was the matter with me? I never once fought back against the bullies and the intimidators. Not once. I never knew how, to be honest. 
Well, that’s all to change. I have a power now, a special power that will liquidate my future aggressors. I am going to be invincible in the face of the bully, and all other anti-Stanleys. 
I took a great big slurp of my fresh coffee. And swallowed gratefully. Lovely, I thought. With warm satisfaction. Then I began to think of the most recent faces in my life. 
Michelle first. Obviously. And good golly, she was beautiful! I’d never met anyone as stunningly gorgeous as her before. I loved her eyebrows more than anything, and what a joyride falling into those hazel nutmegs of hers. I could fall for eternity and never want to land. And it was typical of me to fall so quickly.
I sighed like a teenager in love and cupped my coffee as delicately as I would like to cradle her. If only she gave me the chance. I think she will, I thought, forever the optimist. And I was so excited for that moment to arise. I love being in love, don’t you? It’s so fabulous a feeling and it causes tingles from your toes to your sighs. I never wanted it to end. 
I thought, I’m sure she likes me, just a little bit. There could be a chance for us after this mission is over. I’m sure of it. Just a little chance.
She’s such a strong-willed lady, [she has those eyebrows for one thing]. She’s like a real life Dana Scully who wouldn’t take nonsense from anyone. She could easily defend herself in a tussle, and her business suit only made her look even more sexy. Professional and beautiful. Wow.
But, sighing, I worried about her too. I was surprised to find darkness in her soul. She was so beautiful on the outside that I never suspected it. That was just me being naive I suppose, [one of those stories of my life], but I wasn’t prepared for the amount of bad karma she carried around. Not then, of course, but now, I supposed, it came with the job as a field agent. Secrets to make your hair go curly. I imagine all agents are the same. Fair play to them. It must be a difficult job to do.
I worried about her though, all the same. Why did she behave so oddly after the exchange? What was going on in her mind now? I could only fantasise that it was about me. But more than likely it was something to do with work. 
And then there was Georgian Longue. A man I instantly didn’t like. And it wasn’t just because he was terribly good looking and devilishly French and irresistible to women, but because he had so much charm. Charm is a weapon on the vulnerable. All con-artists employ it on their victims who can’t resist being taken in by their showman smiles and embraces. I’ve learnt from bitter experience to mistrust the charming, always with a hidden agenda, often using you as a pawn in their ventures. Now, considering I most certainly am a pawn in this grand scheme, in fact, his grand scheme, I couldn’t help from wondering what kind of a pawn I was and what he ultimately was going to do with me. 
The thing was, I didn’t know enough about him to trust him, but I had nothing concrete to say why I couldn’t trust him. It was just a feeling. And that was all I could say about him. He felt wrong. Or perhaps I was just being unfair. I was certainly jealous of his lady-appeal. Perhaps that’s all it was. It wasn’t him after all, it was me.
But I just couldn’t put my finger on what it was about him that made me feel uneasy, [and it was nothing to do with him being French!]. It was just an incomprehensible nag at the back of my mind. And, as I didn’t like it one bit, I decided to ignore it, [so typical of me], and made a concerted effort to simply trust the man. He was the leader of his department, after all. He deserved to be trusted.  
So, just like everybody else, I decided to trust him, only hoping it was the right thing to do.
I slurped my coffee, absentmindedly, and the third and last new face came to me. Nicole. I slurped again, but couldn’t come up with a thing about her. She was a lady secret agent, the same as Michelle, but minus personality. She hid herself from me very well. A complete enigma to me even with my gift.  
I thought, while I shouldn’t worry about Georgian Longue, probably an all-round hero who’s only criticism was he made me feel inadequate, [which was totally my fault to be honest], I should be concerned with the quiet one, who gives nothing away. Not even a smile. 
Assuming she was as a good field operative, and her merits were equal to everyone else’s, there was only one conclusion I could make about her. She didn’t like me. Nicole just didn’t like me. That was it. And that was all there was to it. She simply wasn’t a friend. 
But, the thing was, she didn’t cause me any grief either. If she were an enemy, she wasn’t a very effective one. I didn’t feel any hurt from her, or even a hint of bullying. In fact, for someone who didn’t like me, she was playing a very neutral role. Which I thought unusual, considering what I was used to. 
But then I thought, hang on. A neutral role! She’s playing a neutral role! That was it! My power had been activated! Of course! This was my power removing conflict from a bully! Finally, my talent had been awoken and was protecting me. At last it was working. My goodness, what a revelation! This osmoscience was amazing!
I finished my coffee and prepared myself for the journey ahead. Looking smart in the mirror, I pondered a little. Blimey, I thought, it hadn’t wasted much time. On the second Michelle triggered its awakening, my gift had started working. Nicole had been neutered. And so had everyone else. I needn’t worry about being harassed ever again. I was protected. At long last, I was protected. By myself. And it was thanks to Michelle for waking me up.
With one final and cheeky narcissistic wink in the mirror, I felt incredibly confident and strong. 
But, to survive as Stanley Jefferson from this point onwards, I didn’t need a protective suit. I could protect myself, simply by using my new power of defence. It was all I needed to know.
I lay on the bed, waiting for a knock on the door. I felt ready for the journey ahead, and hoped the one chosen to come with me was the one sent to collect me. No prizes for guessing who...
Chapter Seven
You could imagine my disappointment when Nicole greeted me at the door, [if ‘greet’ is the right word]. She saw it in my face, but didn’t really care. [She didn’t like me, did she?] As she led me down the corridor, I thought, oh blimey, was she the third traveller? I hoped not.
I didn’t say a word to her. I’d decided to be cool with this one. If she wouldn’t be a friend to me, I wouldn’t waste my friendship on her. And, to be honest, I was quite proud of my quick decision. I was usually tragically slow. But not now. I was changing.
‘You’ll be pleased as I am about the verdict,’ she said, like a bottled-up wasp.
‘What verdict?’ I asked plainly.
‘About who’s going with you. It’s not me.’
This was terrific news! Oh fabulous! Michelle was coming with me! We wouldn’t be apart. This would give us more time together and more chance to find that spark between us and start something special and oh so wonderful. I couldn’t tell you how happy this made me. I thought it the best news ever. 
‘Any point in my asking why you’re not going?’ I asked, finding it hard to hide my jubilation.
‘No,’ she answered, tight lipped and more indignant than ever, her uppity nose gaining millimetres in elevation. But, at least she didn’t display that deeply offended retort that so many women I’ve known have used against me, [I hate that in the enemy: such a cheap way to win a fight]. ‘It’s need-to-know,’ she added, matter-of-factly. ‘Besides, Michelle volunteered.’
Did she? Wow, I wasn’t expecting that. I was trying not to read too much into her decision, but it was hard not to at that point. I wonder what it meant? I wonder what it meant?
As far as the Nicole business went on, the rest of the walk was very quiet, neither of us talked, and I wondered how she liked receiving her own cold shoulder treatment. I hoped she could feel the brush-off from me as much as I’d felt it from her. Serves her right. However, it was a longer walk than I’d anticipated and I was starting to sense an urge to share my good feelings with a chat. But I held firm and refused to be the one to weaken.
I still felt silly though. I wondered if she felt the same. I quickly glanced to see if she would possibly want to share just half a smile with me. And...no, she didn’t. Oh well, suit yourself, Nicole.
Around a corner and two double-sized partitions automatically slid apart to let us through. But I was the only one going in.
Nicole stopped, turned to me, and said, ‘Good luck, Mister Jefferson. I hope the mission is a complete success.’
She shook my hand, methodically, then quickly walked off. Crikey, I thought, what was her problem?
But not for very long. Because, as I passed over the partition and into the next stage of my adventure, I had very good reason to forget about the cold blonde, and I smiled from ear to ear at the sight of someone very special to me.
She was already dressed for the ride, minus a helmet. And she looked so cute, a tiny head poking out of a bulky suit. It was funny how Georgian Longue had likened the protective clothing to an oven-glove because that’s how the outfits appeared to me. Like giant mittens with heavily padded and chunky limbs. What surprised me the most was the absence of any signs of technology. No wrist communicators or chest panels for oxygen readings. There was nothing to them. They were just oven-gloves really.
‘Hello, Stanley!’ she called and waved a padded arm in the air. She motioned for me to come over.
‘Hiya, Michelle,’ I said, feeling like an astronaut doing a moonwalk on Earth. ‘How are you?’
‘Good thanks. We need you ready in ten. Can you do that? We have spare hands to assist you.’
‘Yes, of course,’ I said, enthusiastically.
It was simple to put the suit on. I slipped into it very easily, [like putting on a glove!], and the assistants were quick to fasten me up, with a helmet collar snapped into a lock.
‘All comfortable, sir?’
‘Yes, thank you, very nice,’ I answered, like trying on shoes in a shoe shop. Quite bizarre really.
I motored my arms in arcs and bent my knees to flex my suit and adjust to the thick fabric, but there wasn’t any effort required. It was a very well-fitted suit. And I didn’t feel hot inside either. So I couldn’t complain.
Then another suit walked up. This one was fully attired with a helmet and broad visor, and a grinning Georgian Longue towered and leaned over me. He looked very happy.
‘Monsieur Jefferson! So good to see you again. I trust you had a pleasant rest and a bite of food?’
‘Yes, thank you,’ I replied, trying not to feel over-positive in the face of his enthusiasm.
‘Excellent! Excellent! This is a very exciting time for us, wouldn’t you agree? But now we must move to the point of departure and say goodbye to the twenty-first century. And hello to the twenty third!’
‘Yes, quite.’
‘Your helmet, sir.’
‘Oh, thank you.’
Spare hands on foot stools raised the dome over my head and I heard the world shut out from my senses as the seal locked into place. Then I couldn’t hear anything at all. I watched a technician come up to my visor like an optician, his nose hairs needing a trim, and his concentrated gaze changed to satisfaction, just as a comm-link inside my helmet switched on and the world came back to me.
‘Hello again, Monsieur Jefferson!’ It was Georgian Longue, bubbling over like an ecstatic child. ‘Are you ready to go?’
‘Erm, yes,’ I answered. Is this what goldfish have to put up with?
‘Then follow me, my friend.’
And I did, a little clumsily at first, not being used to wearing such padded pyjamas as these felt like, and we waddled away from the wardrobe assistants, just the two of us, out of a doorway and straight back into the massive vault housing the black hole.
It seemed bigger than before. If that was at all possible. And hungrier, as if the bear had woken from its bad sleep and was eager for its first morsel – me. I suddenly felt very frightened and immediately thought of the simple designs of these aptly nicknamed ‘oven-gloves’.
‘Erm, Mister Longue?’ I asked, unable to hide my nerves from my voice.
‘Yes?’
‘These suits. There’s not much to them. I mean, I’d hoped for something more sophisticated. They are just an ‘oven-glove’. (I thought you were joking! Ha ha.) In the light of the technology you’ve shown me, I mean. It’s just a fabric with a windscreen.’
‘Well, what were you expecting? We are falling into the twenty-third century, not flying there. We have no need for circuitry for flight control. We are merely passengers, Monsieur Jefferson. The scientists of the Gentle Age are our pilots and our guardians. We are under their control now. All we have to do is fall. Quite simple. The suits will buffer our fall. That is all we need. Yes?’
‘Erm, yes?’ 
Oh crikey, I thought. What have I let myself in for? I’m going to die, I’m going to die, was all that ran through my head. I desperately needed something to fill me with confidence again, but my attention returned to the cracks in the architecture. To the odd software leakages in the flimsy joins, the surprising sun-flares of data streams arcing out and back again out of the pipelines as if they didn’t exist, the giant optical fibres all pouring in and out of the portal, bouncing for some reason and waving as if on a ship in a storm, the software roiling like froth through the pipes, rushing along in spurts, and pausing and rushing again. All so uncontrollable.
Everything had lost its order and smoothness and the whole laboratory looked ready to collapse at any moment. And the dark tunnel, that stared at me, seemed to have a sheen of bad temper and anger about it that wasn’t there before. It made me feel like a fly being dropped onto a spider’s web. I felt oh so very scared. I wanted to get out of this stupid suit and run away from the whole mad lot of them! 
‘Stanley! Stanley!’
‘Wha-?’
It was Michelle. She was looking into me, face to face, visor to visor, her eyes concentrating on mine, her intention to calm me down. I had no idea I’d been panicking.
‘You’re okay, Stanley. You’re going to be fine. Trust me, Stanley. You can trust me.’
‘Okay.’ I felt all dizzy and expended as my anxiety attack left my body. I came up for air, feeling freed from its stifling grasp. ‘Crikey, what happened?’
‘You had a moment there. Stanley, are you okay now?’
‘Yes. Yes I am. Thank you.’
Phew! I thought. I don’t know what came over me. Just a panicky moment, I suppose. But it was over now.
‘Sorry,’ I said. ‘I’m okay.’
Georgian Longue was standing on the lip of the time tunnel. He was looking at me. But he was also very quiet. I imagine he was keen for us to be off.
‘C’mon, Stanley.’
Michelle led me like a lamb up the steps and onto the same level as Georgian Longue. We exchanged a voiceless glance, but he didn’t look concerned at all. Or even interested. In fact, he was quite blank in his stare. And I neither cared for it at all, nor knew why he looked so abstracted at me. As if he didn’t care what state I was in any more, just as long as I was going with him. For whatever purpose.
Once again, I thought of him as the charming con-artist and me as his unsuspecting pawn, and I didn’t like the feeling. This wasn’t right. This wasn’t right at all.
The black hole was a sucking chasm and I made the mistake of turning straight around to it. Its encompassing breadth and infinite depth made me reel with nausea and I teetered on its brink. Gloved hands gripped my arms from either side and helped me regain my balance. I was definitely feeling woozy and this was becoming way too much for me.
‘Turn around, Stanley,’ said Michelle, kindly again. ‘You don’t have to see where we’re going.’
‘Okay,’ I said and turned around like she said and faced back into the laboratory.
The sight of a floor and walls and normal things like human beings and doors did me a power of good and I felt a stability return to my knees.
‘Countdown!’ the comm-link announced, and I thought, crikey, this is it! 
’30 seconds!’
The scientists in the room stopped what they were doing and watched us, frozen with anticipation.
The black hole’s hummings rose to a rumble and crescended into roars, and the computers went into overdrive, the optical cables jiggering more and more frantically, [I forcefully ignored the leakages this time], the Dr Who kaleidoscopes whirred and whirred furiously into cartwheels and the room took on a strange dimness.
‘It’s fine, Stanley. It’s fine, Stanley.’ But this wasn’t Michelle talking. It certainly wasn’t Georgian Longue. It was me. I was trying to reassure myself this was a perfectly normal means of time travel, not knowing any differently and wishing and wishing this to be true. It was fine, Stanley. It was fine, Stanley.
And then the unpredictable, amongst all this ordered mayhem, threw my whole belief system into the air.
In the far corner, in the farthest corner, orange lights irrupted from nowhere, randomly spotting the singular space, more and more, blotting together into the form of a tall column. It condensed and shrank. It then delineated into the shape of a human being. Like a Ready Brek man. Which was harmless to me. But then the blotting faded to reveal someone who I recognised! I’d only seen him once before, and never thought I’d see again. The Viking! It was the Viking!
’20 seconds!’
He was facing into the corner. Realising he was pointing the wrong way, he whipped around, a long handled sledge hammer in his grip, and he stared straight up at me. He yelled out, ‘Nooooo!!!’ That was English enough for me to understand. But what was he doing here? ‘Nooooo!!!’ he cried again, and raised his hammer above his head, heading for the nearest console.
‘oh my god,’ said Michelle, in the smallest voice of fear.
I felt the time tunnel sucking behind me, the barrier stopping us falling was fading away. There was no going back now. The Viking swung a mighty sweeping arc and crashed his hammer into the boxed controls.
Georgian Longue shouted at the top of his lungs, ‘Stop him!’ and the scientists darted towards the intruder. But the Viking was no pacifist. And the defenceless boffins took the full savage blows of the invader’s rage and they fell like cockroaches, squashed and dead or dying. The remaining lab coats tried to grab the berserker to stop him, but he threw every one of them aside. He was too strong to be stopped.
’10 seconds!’ said the surviving technician, his head down at his post, oblivious of the carnage.
I felt my feet lift from the step, the black hole picking me up in preparation to throwing me through Time. I was completely helpless. My vision began to blur as the blackness started to swallow me. And the Viking advanced like a raging marauder and shouted straight at me, straight at me!
‘They are going to kill you! They are going to kill you! Get out! Get out!’
But there was nothing I could do. I was a pebble in Time. A helpless bit of flotsam to be hurled down the roaring river of Time.
The Viking’s face of fury and desperation melted away into the twenty-first century as the time tunnel pulled me into the future and dropped me like a stone. And everything, absolutely everything, went black.
Book 2	
Truths	
Chapter Eight
Whumpf! 
You would think that would be the sound of us landing at the other end of the tunnel. But it wasn’t. This was a bumpier ride than I’d expected. When they used the word ‘tunnel’ I imagined it to be some form of verbal shorthand for passing from Point A to Point B across an open expanse of the space-time fabric of the cosmos. I thought I was being clever. Well, maybe I was. But I was also being wrong.
Whumpf!
This was a tunnel after all. It had sides to it, and a flipping low roof. I know that because I kept hitting it. Fortunately, my oven-glove and helmet were protecting me from any serious bruising. I could still feel the bumps though, they just didn’t hurt, thanks to the Gentle Technology. But it didn’t stop me feeling travel sick. I didn’t know which way was up.
Whumpf! 
Another head-bop and I was spinning like a gymnast.
‘Nearly there.’ That was my comm-link. ‘Monsieur Jefferson, how are you feeling?’
‘Sick.’
‘Michelle?’
‘I’m okay.’
I could hear the voices, but I couldn’t see the gloves. I couldn’t see anything. It really was a black hole. But what was I bumping into?
Whumpf! Again! For goodness sake, I was getting fed up with this.
‘A bumpy ride, yes?’ said Georgian Longue, smiling even through the comm-link.
‘Yes!’ I shouted, annoyed.
‘Sorry, Stanley,’ said Michelle, from somewhere. ‘We didn’t have the chance to prep you. We are passing through moments in history. Events determined by wars, I’m afraid.’
‘I thought I was hitting a wall?’
‘No, you’re moving through Time. It’s never been a smooth ride. That’s life. But we travel faster at episodes of relative peace. Like now...’
And then I felt winds waving my loosely held hands and feet and falling like a flying squirrel. And I could feel the speeds picking up, faster and faster. Too fast. ‘Oh ‘eck.’ Until...
Whumpf! And we slowed down again.
Blimey, that was hairy.
‘Fortunately, we are an angry species, Monsieur Jefferson. Be grateful your descendants do not enjoy too much peace. Otherwise the speeds would kill us.’
‘Yes, quite,’ I answered, thinking that quite a peculiar thing to hear from the leader of a peaceful mission. But normal too, under the circumstances.
We passed through several more ‘events’ in our timeline, but each one grew thicker and more pronounced, as if there was more ‘fabric’ to pass through. I almost asked if it was because we were coming closer to our destination. But I was afraid there might be a seedier reason. So I didn’t ask. I’d had too much of a bellyful for one day, as it was. I didn’t care to know if humans were an even worse people in the future. We’d been bad enough to ourselves in the 20th Century.
Whooompf!!!
That was a really slow squeeze through the time medium, and it really reduced our speed to almost floating. Quite fortunate really.
‘We are arriving!’ announced Georgian Longue.
‘At last!’ I said, mostly to myself, and a little perturbed at the state of society we were heading for, considering the mighty event we’d just left behind.
‘Now, be very aware, my friends,’ came the accented voice. ‘Had we enjoyed a hitch-free sending-off, I could tell you precisely where and when we will land. A welcome party awaited us.’
We floated and bobbed like plankton, forever falling into the depths. But oddly coming out of the continuum and preparing to land. 
‘But whatever that thing was, and it is a mystery to me, whatever it was, he has disturbed the programming. Our coordinates are disrupted and we will not be where we are meant to be. So be prepared, for the unprepared.’
‘Yes, sir,’ replied Michelle, obviously very used to taking and following instructions that made no sense.
I, on the other hand, had no such experience. What the hell was I supposed to do? I was dressed like a teddy bear, I couldn’t handle myself in a fight, I didn’t know where I was going, and didn’t even know what I was supposed to do when I got there! I didn’t feel sure of myself at all.
But, of course, Georgian Longue sounded confident, even when falling into the unknown.
‘Hold tight, everyone! Here we go!’
And then I found out what the suits were really designed for. Great heights and hard surfaces.
The tunnel vanished in a second. Poof! Just like that. From complete darkness to sudden sunlight and an outstanding drop of sky. I say ‘drop’ because that’s what it did to us. As soon as it held us, it dropped us. Out of Time and into Gravity. Like stones we fell. No events in history to stop us now. No dense space-time fabric to slow our descent. If anything, we were speeding up. Not that peace had anything to do with this. We fell at the frightening speed of gravity and raced down to the ground, or perhaps the ground raced up to us. It didn’t make any difference. The ground hit us and we felt the impact even through our padding, and my head rattled in my goldfish bowl and we bounced and hit the ground again, and rolled like a jumble of spiders until we stopped in a mess of arms and legs and cries of shock and startlement. 
For the first time ever, I heard Georgian Longue speak in his native French, and his choice of words really were native. I daren’t translate them here, but he wasn’t happy. Michelle had a few shocking things to say too, which I shan’t relay to you either. But she was equally displeased with our indignant arrival. And I was too winded to say anything. I just felt awful. I slowly rolled upright into a sitting position and waited for the world to stop spinning.
The world eventually came to a standstill, and so did the swearing. And we looked at each other, all quite relieved we still made three. My sense of relief and jubilation at having survived that insane ordeal was reflected in the visors of Georgian Longue and Michelle. The adrenaline that coursed on errands to our newly made bruises brought with it a lot of light-headed morphine, and we started to chuckle and lean back, looking up to blue skies that had dropped us so ungracefully. Our giggles turned to laughter and three comm-links filled three helmets with raucous joy and gratitude at being alive and in one piece. For the first time since leaving the coffee shop I was laughing, simply laughing, and all the stress and pent up tension of my new life was released from my body in huge wonderful bursts of laughter. I think it was the same for the other two as well. They were in no hurry to end this remedy. What a sight we must have looked, and we still didn’t know where we were!
My jaw started to ache and then expressions of laughter dampened into deep breaths and I sighed as an end to it. Slowly, I crawled like a baby until I stood upright. I wanted to look around me to see exactly where we had landed, but without my visor blocking a lot of the view. So I tried to take it off. But my gloves were too much like mittens and my helmet felt screwed down. I felt a bit trapped.
‘Here, let me help you,’ said Michelle, also standing up with Georgian Longue. ‘You’re going to like this, Stanley.’
‘I am feeling a bit claustrophobic.’
‘No,’ she smiled. ‘You’re going to like this!’
Her hands together like a waiter, she gave two quick claps on her gloves and something amazing happened before my eyes. The suit blurred. The whole suit, helmet as well, moulded out of shape and Michelle disappeared, for a second. Then the blur shrank and Michelle was left standing there holding what was left of the oven-glove in the palm of her hand. She was grinning at me, very pleased with the effect it was having on me. She must have heard me gasp.
‘You do the same, Stanley.’
‘Okay.’
I clapped my hands, one, two. And waited. I didn’t feel a thing. Because nothing changed.
‘You must clap at the proper rate. Like this.’
Two quick claps, and her suit was thrown back over her. She stepped back a little by the impact of the change, then double clapped again, and returned to lovely Michelle. Grinning like before.
So I tried again. This time with quicker claps, and, in a second, I felt dropped on my feet and a solid coin of plastic hit my hand and rolled onto the ground. I was unprepared for my first time.
‘Oh, sorry,’ I said. [I don’t know why! We English are like that!]
‘You see? You’re online now.’
‘How do you mean?’ I said, picking up my coin.
‘We were out of range in the 20th Century. The Ambassador of the Gentle Age was surprised too when his hardware shut down. Three centuries of Time is enough to block any signal, so a second visitor came with convertible software.’
‘However,’ continued Georgian Longue, his suit contracted and slipped into a pocket, ‘our technology could not contain theirs, so the Ambassadors gave us the airwave revolution. Otherwise, they would not have made it home. You have seen that technology, Monsieur Jefferson.’
‘Yes. Yes I have,’ I said.
‘And now that we are online,’ he continued, ‘we only need the correct access tokens and we can assume any wardrobe for any role. The clothes you wear, Monsieur Jefferson, are only the inner layer. A substrate. I will show you.’
And he placed a new coin from inside his jacket into his palm and clapped twice again. A new blur absorbed him. This time it was white and sharper, and Michelle looked at me nervously. I couldn’t tell why. A look I’d not seen from her before, almost edgy. 
The blur faded into distinct features.
I was still floating with the brilliance of this new life I’d discovered, [or it had discovered me], and my eyes were wide like a child’s at the fantastic, dazzling displays of future wizardry. Like a boy at a fairground, I never thought of the dangers around me, just the excitement of being there. I watched like a spectator, never expecting harm to come from a controlled stage show, and not registering the look Michelle had given me. [At the time I wouldn’t. But soon I certainly would.] 
A distinct pattern emerged from the separating mould and I could see squarer shoulders, a trim tunic, highly creased trouser legs, shiny black shoes and a captain’s cap. Georgian Longue stood before me like an admiral minus a whole chest of medals. But also with a black belt and a holster with a pistol. I thought this hugely impressive and continued to be astounded like an audience at a magic show. 
Overwhelmed and starstruck, I smiled broadly at Michelle and expected, at least, some kind of a smile in return. But she wasn’t smiling. I thought this odd, considering she was the warm human element to my journey through Time. But she wasn’t smiling. She wasn’t even warm.
I looked closer into her eyes, and found no reply. But then, silly me, she wasn’t actually looking at me. She was looking behind me.
It was Michelle’s turn to gasp, even put her hand to her mouth. Georgian Longue, fully attired and spotless, also appeared shocked. 
There was something behind me. Something that gave my two friends a start and froze them in shock. It sent a shiver down my spine. I felt my hair stand on end and couldn’t, for the life of me, guess what had changed the situation so swiftly.
I turned. And then I understood.
Not four feet from me, an orange glow was fading away as a figure materialised and growled in his beard. A figure we all recognised only too well. It was the Viking.


Chapter Nine
He’d lost his sledge hammer. Which was a relief. Perhaps he’d hurled it into the black hole as a last stab attempt at causing us harm. After all, he was trying to kill us. Any method would suit him. And right now, he chose to hurl bad language at us. I couldn’t understand a word he was saying. Too fast, too furious. I suppose it was the intention that mattered. But he was shouting it straight at me, his tree-trunk arms outstretched, and his giant hairy hands ready to throttle me.
‘Michelle!’ I cried.
‘Stanley! Come back to us!’ she yelled.
The Viking advanced in lunges, and I fell back in leaps keeping clear of his reach. But he wouldn’t stop closing, his fierce diction neither abating nor mellowing. His face reddening into deeper disorder and his foreign words coming out in spittle.
Michelle clutched my arm, squeezing herself passed me and in front of me, shielding me from the ogre. I didn’t want her in any danger either. I tried to hold her back, but she wouldn’t let me.
‘Michelle, no!’ I shouted, close enough to hear her breath.
The Viking came forward, closer, still hollering his Nordic rage and I didn’t want Michelle in any trouble because of me. I couldn’t believe the situation.
Then the Viking stopped. He stood his ground and ceased his howling, as Georgian Longue came from behind me. He was taller than me under normal circumstances, but this time he seemed to have grown even higher. His arm extending over us toward the Viking, his pistol lengthening his arm gave this effect. It was pointing at the berserker’s head. Georgian Longue wasted no time to tell the man to back away. He fired instantly.
But there was no bang. This was no ordinary firearm. Products of 23rd Century warfare do not shoot projectiles at their enemy. There are no bullets in this future age. Too many wars had left their mark; now weapons for assault couldn’t leave a mark on their target.
The Viking flew backwards as if a huge punch had knocked him off his feet, and he crashed on the ground with a huge, ‘Oof!’
Georgian Longue cursed under his breath, his gun still held level and ready to fire again, for what it was worth.
The Viking clambered back onto his feet like a boxer on his last legs, and he wobbled as he straightened his headgear, preparing to advance again. His eyes met mine, but they were different this time. His rage had left him, and he seemed to have an intelligence which I’d never have guessed in a million years. I couldn’t stop trying to assess and re-judge him, and I felt his communications, even though I couldn’t understand them. Then he scared the life out of me.
‘Stanley!’ he shouted! He knew my name! He knew my name! How was that possible?
Before he could shout again, Georgian Longue fired at him, and again he went flying backwards. But this time close to the road edge.
Let me quickly tell you, this was no ordinary road. Architects of tomorrow’s ages ran out of ground years ago, and resorted to building upwards into the sky. Two hundred years of road construction up into the heavens can leave you miles high. And this is where we were. Miles above the ground on an unfinished stretch of road. So incomplete were the works that no barriers had been fitted to the road’s sides.
The Viking had just managed to stay on his feet after the second barrage, but he had little balance and stood perilously close to the unprotected edge. He teetered and hopped on one leg. His other leg swinging like a Russian dancer. His arms flailing like a flightless bird. And he was almost a goner. 
‘...stanley....’ it was practically a whisper, [and a plea], as if too much voice would push him over.
Georgian Longue brought the gun round to bear on him and would have finished him off, had Michelle not pushed his arm aside, ‘No!’ But it made no difference. All the flapping and dancing couldn’t prevent the inevitable as the Viking lost his balance, Gravity claimed him for its own entertainment, and he was gone. [But, just as the over-balance had registered in his mind, and I could see his face take on the look of surprise, I could have sworn I heard him say, ‘Oops!’]
Breaking free of the agents’ protection, I rushed to the roadside edge and looked over the drop to see where he had gone. I didn’t know if this was curiosity or concern, but it soon transformed into confusion as there was no sign of a falling man, with miles and miles of space between me and the dizzying ground. There was only a trace of orange plasma fading like a firework down and down into the tall city depths.
Michelle was by my arm in seconds, hugely shocked, and pushed me from the chasm and onto the safe highway. She’d seen the disappearing trail also.
‘He’s dematerialised.’
‘Then he’s all right?’ I asked.
‘I expect so. Depends where he lands.’
She looked at me with a query, perhaps wondering why I should care so much. I replied with a shrug and smile. I wasn’t quite so sure myself.
‘Michelle, he is gone,’ said the leader. ‘Dress please.’
‘Erm, I am dressed,’ she answered, confused. She was indeed. We wore the same purple outfit. She wasn’t undressed by any means. What did Georgian Longue mean?
‘Captain Hardy, we had an agreement.’ He spoke to her differently. More command. Less charm. ‘You were free to come with your precious new interest, but you signed yourself to me. Now, do as I say.’
She looked at me. Her beautiful eyes trying to speak to me, but all I could see was a cross of sadness. What did this mean?
‘I don’t have-‘
‘Here!’ Georgian Longue threw her another coin, which she caught, not taking her eyes off me. ‘Now, Captain Hardy.’
Her palm heavily loaded, she reluctantly stepped away from me, double clapped and blurred as the download clouded her, then gradually vaporised. Unhappily, she was in a white tunic similar to Georgian Longue’s. It was obvious, however, that hers was a subordinate’s uniform, at least to him. She wore a black beret and a skirt.
Once again, the world was spinning too fast for me. And I didn’t have enough time to make sense of all that was happening around me. So, I settled for feeling stunned. And only hoped I was in the hands of the good guys. Although, at this point, I wasn’t quite sure.
Michelle observed her leader in silence, waiting for instructions, [probably more like orders now, considering how he’d changed. I didn’t like the look of this anymore. I don’t think Michelle did either.] Her leader observed his thoughts in the blue sky, watching his manifestations flying around in his mind, waiting for the right inspiration to lead him on.
I was at a distance from them. I hadn’t changed. I was still in my purple threads and feeling very much like an outsider to a naval command, with nothing to add and no right to interfere. I gave myself a moment at long last to look at the world I’d been deposited in, and mostly to catch my breath.
Many thousands of feet above the ground, I’d expected the air to be really thin of oxygen, [so not much chance of catching my breath!], but I could breathe just fine. With people living so high up, I expect that was the first problem they’d dealt with. That and the tall buildings actually staying up. My memories went to Mega City One and Judge Dredd in 2000AD, and I compared how close their projections were with the reality. They weren’t far off. The buildings were round, peppered with windows and layered in circum-thingy balconies. They were chunkier though, more than Mr Dredd’s, to hold their own weight, and there were far more linkways between buildings, probably for the same purpose. The rich network of walkways and roads connecting all the giant structures thinned out the higher they went, until where I stood they were few, far between and covered with ‘men at work’ signs. No workers though. Perhaps it was their day off.
I heard Georgian Longue clear his throat for speech.
‘This ‘thing’ can materialise at any moment. He is not part of our predictor, and can seriously jeopardise our plans,’ he spoke as if to himself. ‘It is clear we must move faster than scheduled.’
Faster? I thought. Blimey, I could do with less pace right now.
‘So we move now,’ said Georgian Longue, tapping the cuff of his sleeve, and then speaking into it. ‘Collection request. Home in, please.’
Then he turned to me. And my entire world changed. 
The blank gaze, and the zero response to my smile of anticipation, made one of Nicole’s icy stares look like playing Scrabble. He suddenly had the attitude of a boss who didn’t care for his staff, and I wondered if his new appearance hadn’t gone straight to his head. Or if the contents of his head had stopped trying to be a secret. Dressed in spotless white, anyone’s true colours can come to the surface. No matter what they were. And I wondered what his true colours were. They weren’t white. I could see that. But whatever they were, they seemed to have a dark shade.
And then he broke into a smile. It was one of those typical, reassuring smiles that comes as a result of being unsettling to children when the parent’s mask has slipped and the real grown-up is revealed. It’s the smile to relieve the child that all is well in the world. And the child needn’t worry about adult matters. The parent will keep him safe. The smile says so. But it didn’t work on me. I wasn’t a child. Why on Earth he believed his mask could be replaced, when dressed like that, and looking at me like that, I didn’t know. But I wasn’t having any of it. His warmth and charm just didn’t convince me anymore. I should have doubted him before. I should have kept hold of my life’s warnings about charming people. Experience had told me not to trust them, and I wish I hadn’t trusted him.
There was something wrong with Georgian Longue. I could see that. And he couldn’t hide it anymore. I didn’t know what the fact about him was, I just knew it existed.
And Georgian Longue knew this too. Because he dropped the facade. The smile for a child was redundant now. So he didn’t bother with the mask.
Not that he’d done anything wrong in front of me. It was just that look he had given. That was enough for me to know where I stood with him. And he knew it too. And, unnervingly, it didn’t seem to be an important error to him. 
But then, why would it? He had me exactly where he wanted me. I’d been duped into following him into the 23rd Century and there was no way back for me. I was trapped, defenceless and completely at his mercy. The sham wasn’t necessary any more. It had done its job. Game, set and match to Georgian Longue. I couldn’t begin to believe how many lies he might have told me.
And Michelle. My god, what did that mean about Michelle? I didn’t want to know. I honestly didn’t want to know. I didn’t want my heart twisted into caring for someone who was wrong for me, [that, my friends, is the story of my life]. 
I didn’t need to be told. I could see just by looking at her. She was guilty. Just plain guilty. But of what? What was she doing with him? I thought she’d come here to be with me. She had volunteered for this mission, after all. Had I misunderstood her reasons for coming? I do that a lot.
I looked at her longingly, and my heart sank. 
But I couldn’t let go. I just couldn’t stop feeling for her. And it hurt me so achingly badly. Like feeling for a child in pain. The empathy just making you wish you could take the pain away and suffer it yourself to save the child. That’s how I felt for Michelle. I wanted to take away her guilt and make her happy again. But it doesn’t happen that way, not even with real children. Her head was hung down, her shoulders were dropped and she couldn’t look back at me. [Did that mean she cared for me? How long would it take me to work this out and finally let her go?] 
She knew as well as I did. As well as Georgian Longue did. The game, whatever it was, was up.
 It was clear to me, without any proof but a look, that I was not in the safe hands of the good guys any more. At this point in time, I didn’t know who the good guys were. 
It wasn’t the world moving fast this time. It was me. My feet were still, but my intelligence had finally woken up. But it was too late. It was way too late. They had me exactly where they wanted me. And there was nothing I could do about it.
In no time, a jeep on jets arrived, hovering inches over the road surface. Automatically we filed into it. The epiphany that resulted from a single look created an amazing level of order. There was no struggle or protest from me and there was no disorganization in the order of who stepped in first, second and last. With truths like this, there was no need for instructions. Logic can reduce us to obedience. Everything had its place and we knew ours. 
I was stunned as I felt the lift of the 23rd Century carrying me away to goodness knows where. I had nothing to say and couldn’t see the point in saying anything anyhow. But Michelle did. She still looked guilty with the pain it had brought her. She only had one thing to say to me. And she had to say it. 
‘I’m sorry, Stanley.’
I looked at her again, deeply into her beautiful hazel eyes, the first thing of beauty I ever noticed about her so many centuries ago, and I still couldn’t fathom her. There was something I was missing, something more truthful, but she couldn’t tell me what it was. Only later would I learn that it wasn’t guilt she was feeling, but fear. Fear for me. She’d found out what was going to happen to me.
Chapter Ten
‘So, Monsieur Jefferson, do you want to know why you are really here?’
‘Will you tell me the truth this time?’
‘Yes. This time.’
‘Then, yes. I think you should tell me.’

There hadn’t been much drama to reach this point. Although I had put one theory to rest. Osmoscience was a nonsense. I should never have believed it in the first place. Just as I should never have believed in this charmer either.
He took me to a horrible place.
Spotless. Featureless. Lifeless. No matter how far into the future you go, people will never change. People like me will always be naive and vulnerable. And people like Georgian Longue, the real Georgian Longue, will always be the poorest examples of humanity. The kind who can’t tolerate others. The kind who justify anything they do solely to make them feel glorious and superior. The kind that don’t have any humanity because it makes them feel dirty and inferior. The kind that don’t care if they harm other people, because they don’t care about other people at all. The kind that simply aren’t human. Spotless. Featureless. Lifeless.
And this was their environment. This was their world. Well, their building anyway. God help us if they took control of the world. They at least thought they were going to. And this is the kind of people I’d gotten myself involved with.
Fair play though, Stanley. They hadn’t exactly come clean with you when they took you into their confidence. In all fairness, you weren’t to know. But how silly of you to believe you had a special power. As if! But then, you’d believed in their claims of time travel, and that had proved to be true. You’d been dazzled by their Thunderbirds, sorry Batman, journey, and by the spectacular airwave software. So you can’t really be blamed for believing in all the things they’d told you. They just manipulated you, Stanley, that’s all. And they’d done an excellent job. 
‘Quiet, Stanley.’
I was talking to myself. I’d done it before, whenever I’d felt isolated and alone. And that was certainly the case now. I was muttering more than talking though. I didn’t want them to hear. But I needed to hear myself talking some kind of sense. I felt like a lonely bird in a cage chirping to itself for the company. They do that, you know. Poor things. Now I knew how they felt. I could even sense the bars to the cage. 
What did they want with me? Nothing about me being here made any sense. Why did they choose me? I didn’t like being in their company, that was all I knew.
A horrible place for horrible people. They were like robots. Well, they were robots. You couldn’t call them ‘people’. Any trace of being human was eradicated by their belief system, and any betrayal of biology was smothered by layers of starched uniform, [or the 23rd Century equivalent]. They were mannequins. But they weren’t empty dolls, they were filled with energy. And it was a dark energy. It was anger. It was hatred. It was contempt.  I could see it in their eyes. They seethed it. It boiled inside them and worked their arms, legs and snarls like steam works a piston. They would be frightening enough to walk past in the street, but to be led into their lair and treated as their prisoner was truly awful. And they aimed all their dark energies at me. Little me.
They hated me. I couldn’t work out why. I hadn’t done anything to them. [I hadn’t done anything!] Did they just take one look at me, judge me instantly, and decide to loathe the ground I walked on solely because I was Stanley Jefferson? [Some people do.] Did they hate me because they felt they knew me? Or did they despise me simply because I didn’t belong with them? That made more sense. I certainly preferred that explanation! But I’ve never understood why some people hate me. I mean, I’m just a nice guy. What was there to hate? What was their problem? It was just another mystery to my life. One of many. [One too many.] And it was one that would never be solved. 
But hate me they did. They unnerved me with their strength of contempt.  One wrong move from me and I could be toast. So I hardly moved, unless instructed to do so. A bit like them really. Because they never moved unless they absolutely had to. They were all military. Worse than military. They were what Nature intended. No, they were never what Nature intended. They were wrong. Just plain wrong. Knowing this, however, did not help my situation.
I was led like a prisoner to the gallows, or to the Head Warden’s office, as if manacled and dressed in those old fashioned arrows you used to see in cartoons. Clip clop, tic tac, we marched down hard, polished white corridors with hard, polished black shoes, except for me in my soft rouge plimsolls that made no sound at all. 
Clip clop, tic tac, and me in the middle walking to death row, glancing in the eyes of the sentries. They never flinched, but their eyes of despicable disgust followed mine down the corridor as I followed theirs walking past them. I wonder really, do you actually feel the hatred from others if you can’t understand why they are hating you? I suppose the answer is no. It was just something else I didn’t quite follow in this world. But I didn’t like it, all the same.
We passed sentry after sentry, all with the same seething glint of evil and all with the same robotised rigidity, surging with the pressure of steam that their hatred fuelled. These ‘people’ were beyond help. Such a shame they’d organised themselves into a group and felt a safety in numbers. They were the sick ones of society. If alone, they would maybe doubt their convictions and feelings of harm. Maybe even seek help. Not here though. They were together. Here and now they believed they were the unimpeachable ones in their self-made self-help group. It was me that felt beyond help. 
Clip clop, tic tac, and we came up to a final guarded doorway. One with a crest above its arch. One with mock wood panelling to indicate excellence above and beyond the usual pompous nonsense.
The doors opened on rollers, as Georgian Longue checked his uniform, and I suppose Michelle did the same with hers. I didn’t bother to turn around and look. I just sniffed. 
Not a well timed sniff, I’ll admit. And I didn’t mean anything by it. It was just a sniff. But it was greeted with disgust by the sentries either side of me. They shot glances of black evil at me. I couldn’t understand their hatred, but they understood my fear. And it satisfied them. So they let my sniffle go. It was enough for them to feel superior. That, after all, was what they were all about.
‘Monsieur Jefferson, this way.’
Stupid re-establishment of authority – where else was I going to go?
We walked into another massive hall. With another black hole dominating the room.
But this time I wasn’t impressed. I had seen their magnificence before, but only with the misconception we were all on the same side, fighting the good fight. Now that I knew their moral standing was crooked, twisted, I only saw a weapon of destruction in front of me, one that wouldn’t do many people any good at all. My reaction reminded me of my earlier days when I used to enjoy Wagner. That is until I discovered his links with Nazism. From that moment on, his music only sent a shiver down my spine. I felt that shiver now. 
The room was cold. But not by any cooling system. It was the people. They were cold as ice. Lab coats had been replaced by strange columns of electrical energy fields. Without a friend to tell me what was going on, I had to make my own best guesses. 
The energy columns surrounded the technicians, I suppose as a second seal or skin, for sanitation. It was a column of electrical energy that sparked around them forming a permanently sterile barrier between the creatures in the lab coats and the outside world of the time chamber, operating the consoles using lasers, without any need to touch anything. Taking health and hygiene one step too far, if you ask me. 
The columns were almost in a glow. All sparks and luminescence. I wondered, if the room lights should dim, they would create quite a fantastic show. But that wasn’t really their style. And besides, they would probably use Wagner as their musical accompaniment. 
Because of the static hiss and crackle of the protective columns, the room was noisier than its twin in the 20th Century. But, strangely, the behemoth in the centre of the vault was quiet.
It was another black hole. Or was it the same one? But its lights were out. Its energy was dead. There were no rumblings of an angry bear. There were no belchings or tremblings of unpredictable power. There was no sense of foreboding, no great drop to fall into, no abyss to stare back at you. This was a blank face with a blank stare. More like a bear shot dead in a hunt, than anything to fear or marvel at.
And, if you could imagine cobwebs hanging over the thing, you’d have a good idea of the impression it had on me. [There weren’t any cobwebs of course! What, here?] The thing looked old and beyond the point of resuscitation. It was just a piece of old and useless furniture that should have been cleared out years ago. It was almost sad to look at. But, personally, I thought it very fitting – a dead heart in the centre of a cancerous body. 
Almost dulled in the midst of fear, my senses took in the rest of the chamber. Once, centuries ago, when the room was in flux with power that vibrated the air and created small cracks in the feeds to the portal, causing leaks that made me worry we all might die, I had felt the tingle of greatness, the zest of being alive that human achievements often brought to mere bystanders like me. I had been scared and fascinated, I had been thrilled and, to be honest, I had been happily consensual about it too. But, now, I only felt fear. A dull, worthless fear created by dull, worthless bullies. And I most definitely was not consenting to being here.
The place was dead. The people were dead. Their bear was dead. And Georgian Longue could see my reaction.
‘You are not impressed?’
‘It doesn’t work.’
‘It is not switched on.’ Georgian Longue laughed. ‘Now are you impressed?’
Yes I was. But I wasn’t going to tell him that. I kept thinking of Wagner’s music, and the chill it gave me. This wasn’t just about brilliance. It was about people. I couldn’t let them hold me in awe. I had to fight this allure. But I couldn’t find a way to answer back, or even fight back. I was defenceless as usual. A pebble in a rough wind.
Georgian Longue knew this. Perhaps this is why they hated me. Did Michelle hate me too? She was on my left. I could easily look but I didn’t want to in case she was just like them. What was I talking about? I had to look.
She refused any eye contact. She refused any conversation. She stared ahead of her as if awaiting new instructions. She was unreadable, as unreadable as I could try to decipher her, and her poker face, her professional face, wouldn’t let me in. I couldn’t work out what her reasons were. Was she hiding because she was vulnerable and didn’t want to hurt herself? Or was she hiding because she believed her leader, and didn’t want to hurt me? I just couldn’t read her. Anything else I could see would be make-believe by me. [But I couldn’t help it.]
‘Captain Hardy cannot help you now, Monsieur Jefferson. She has done very well in bringing you here with all the encouragements and false scents you needed. Although I am curious why she volunteered to come this far. Her orders were finalised in the 20th Century. Perhaps she will tell me later on.’
Georgian Longue seemed to grow taller and broader as I continued to shrink. This wasn’t my day at all. I’d had enough. The powers that be had beaten me. I had started my day so harmlessly and in love with the world, and it had all gone so very wrong so very quickly. What the hell was I doing here? I usually go home after my coffee and people-watching fixes, something on toast, a dvd, a bit of DAB, a few texts to friends, bit of chat on Facebook, all reminders I wasn’t alone. But there was no texting for me this evening. No chat or even any internet. No phone calls from home. Not now that I was a million years from home and thousands of light years from a single friend. I had nothing. Absolutely nothing. I bet even my secret talent was a load of baloney too. I’d forgotten about that. I’d forgotten the reason I’d been brought here. 
At that moment in time, just when I thought I couldn’t shrink any smaller, I decided I had to find out if the talent was real. So I did something highly unpredictable and wholly out of character for me. I lunged for Georgian Longue. For once in his life, he was defenceless and I was the aggressor.
But I wasn’t trying to hurt him. I didn’t want to hurt anyone. I just wanted to know if I could enter his mind and heal his universe, like I had been shown with Michelle and Nicole.
I clutched his shoulders and squeezed to feel the connection. I pushed my forehead flat onto his. I willed my talent to exist, to come to life. I prayed, for the first time in my life, I prayed for this gift to come alive, to show me it wasn’t a fiction. I wanted the supernatural, right there and then to show me it was real. I needed the proof that I was special and gifted, that they had told me the truth. I wanted to see a flash of his universe fill my head and tell me this was the one thing, the one thing about me, they hadn’t lied about.
Hands grabbed me from all directions and yanked me up, away and hard onto the floor. Barrels of weaponry bore right down into my face. Hollow barrels that filled my focus, so close to my face, so much that I couldn’t see the frothing rage of the animals behind the weapons. Which was a blessing really.
They had broken my connection with their leader. I had only locked onto him for a second. A brief second. But it had been enough. I knew the truth. 
There was nothing. They had lied to me. And I didn’t know how I felt now that I knew. Because it also meant that Michelle had lied to me too.
‘So now you know, Monsieur Jefferson. You do not have ‘osmoscience’. There is no such thing as ‘osmoscience’.’ And he chuckled a little that the fiction was blown, but on his terms. ‘A clever little subterfuge on our part, Stanley, so you would agree to come with us.
‘Release him,’ I heard him say. 
As I started to pull myself to my feet, [even Michelle wouldn’t help me], he continued. ‘So you are wondering, are you not? If you cannot do it with me, how could you do it with my officers?’
‘I expect you’re going to tell me,’ I said, patting my new clothes from any dust, needlessly really, considering how super-hygienic their floors were. Georgian Longue could probably tell I was trying to shake off the fluster and angst of being assaulted.
‘Captain Hardy?’
Michelle, her voice not as strong as it used to be, said, 
‘Captain Fox and I are empaths. What you felt inside your mind, whatever you thought you were doing inside ours, was our synthesis. We created the narration. You do not have ‘osmoscience’. It does not exist.’ She clammed up again. But not after neither looking me in the eye, nor using my name. She had become as impersonal as that Nicole back on Earth. It seemed I’d been lied to even from our first moment in the coffee shop. Her eyes had lied to me. Even my heart had lied to me. I couldn’t believe a thing anymore.
‘So, Monsieur Jefferson, do you want to know why you are really here?’
‘Will you tell me the truth this time?’
‘Yes. This time.’
‘Then, yes. I think you should tell me.’
Chapter Eleven
‘You are wondering perhaps why there is such a hive of activity around an old and disused relic as this,’ said Georgian Longue, waving his arm at the towering cavity in the centre of the vast laboratory. Then he motioned towards the technicians, inside their fluctuating pillars of ultra-violet lilac power beams, stretching up but fading towards the high ceiling, shifting from console to console as the uniforms inside went about their tasks, their red lasers firing out command after command into the receptor panels. ‘What could they possibly be doing, eh? Why so busy?’
Georgian Longue was smiling at me like he’d caught a gold sovereign after digging for it for a week. He didn’t care what his gloating did to me. I was his prize now and he didn’t need social graces for a thing he could call his own. I couldn’t do anything about that. Because I felt like the thing he had caught.
He pointed at his prize.
‘Because you are here.’
‘Me?’ I didn’t like the sound of this. But at least I was going to find out why I was here. I probably wasn’t going to like the sound of that either, but I had to hear it, just to put my mind at rest. Not that it would.
‘When I spoke of your latent talent, Stanley, I did not tell you a complete lie. You do have a gift. It makes you hugely important to our campaign. You see, we did not randomly grab you off the street. You were hand-picked and nurtured by Nature, and we have been following you for some time.’
‘Well you picked your moment!’ I cried. ‘I was about to get blown up! One minute too long and you’d have been too late. That bomb would have seen to that.’
‘Bomb, Monsieur Jefferson? What bomb?’ What unnerved me about his question was the casual way he asked it. He wasn’t unsettled by the news of a bomb, or even that they’d ‘rescued’ me at the last moment. He was totally in control and even amused I should be so confident. ‘There was no bomb, Stanley.’
‘Yes there was!’
‘Did you see a bomb? No. Did you see an explosion? No. What you experienced was a mere subterfuge. A pantomime for our purpose. We needed you on our side, did we not? And the performance worked very well,’ he said smugly.
I couldn’t quite take this in.
‘But I heard it,’ I said, faltering.
‘Speakers,’ he said, waving away its simplicity.
‘I felt it! The car rocked, for god’s sake!’ I had to know the truth.
‘Ah yes,’ said Georgian Longue, growing bored now. ‘Even the vehicle had a part to play. A trick of the hydraulics. Nothing more.
‘Now,’ he continued, not waiting for me to catch my breath. He smudged his thumb across his forefinger and could see the time ticking in a luminescent display just under the skin of his fingertip. ‘Why, you will want to ask, were we looking for you in particular?’
‘I don’t know.’ I didn’t.
‘Are you an extraordinary man, Monsieur Jefferson? No,’ he tittered. ‘Have you had a remarkable life? No,’ he said spitefully. ‘Have you even had an exceptional family lineage? Any ancestor worth mentioning? No,’ he said mockingly.
I waited, wondering what this insult was leading to.
‘But,’ he continued, pointing his finger at the dormant black hole behind me, ‘have you had, or should I say, will you be having any exceptional descendants?’ And he left the query without an answer, enough to leave a query on my face. What was he driving at? ‘Do you, Stanley?’
‘How should I know?’
‘In three hundred years time, or thereabouts, another time machine will be spawned. It will not be of Government design, it will not be regulated by us. It will not have the same safety standards as we have. In fact, it will not have any safety standards at all. It will be a health hazard. It will be a hotspot of harm. Radiation etc,’ he illustrated with waves of his hands. 
I didn’t quite know where he was going with this. I didn’t interrupt him though, he would tell me regardless of anything I could add, so I just left him to it, while trying to concentrate on what the hell he was talking about.
‘The radiation from the Sun is different to the radiation from a rod of plutonium. They have their own signatures and create their own illnesses. Radiation from a time machine is no exception. It emits its own kind of malady. One that has significant effect on a person’s genetic coding.
‘As you can see,’ he motioned to the busy columns of ultra-violet, ‘we have our own protective measures against such time radiation. And we,’ meaning himself, the guards and Captain Michelle, ‘will have our preparations for safety when our friend here is activated.’
He deliberately hadn’t included me in this guarantee of safety. Just some devious ploy to unsettle me. For the odd second or two, I would occasionally look at the scientists and notice more activity coming from them: more red laser commands and, in their haste, they would bump into one another, two columns blending into a wall, then parting again, going back to their chores. But why the extra activity?
‘But the scientists in the future, the foolish scientists with their home-made machine, have no such protection. They are fully exposed to the radiation, and they pay the price in full.’
‘What happens to them?’
‘Something very strange, Stanley. The time effluent crystallises their DNA. You know what DNA is?’
‘Yes, of course I do,’ I felt hurt by his assumption I might be stupid. Did he mean it? Or was he just taunting me?
‘It crystallises DNA, Monsieur Jefferson, so much so that if you held a sample of it up to the light, you could see straight through it. This is very harmful. Nobody wants to see straight through their DNA. You understand?’
‘Yes I do,’ I still felt he was teasing me. Of course I understood. I went to school for heaven’s sake. I passed my exams. Of course I knew this. What was he driving at?
‘The added factor you need to comprehend, Stanley, is that we are dealing with Time. Yes?’
‘Yes.’
‘Do you see where I am going?’
‘No.’
‘I am not going forward in Time with these poor scientists and their irradiated genes. I am going backwards in Time! Backwards to you!’
‘What?’ I thought he was making another joke. I didn’t care for it at all. The scientists were working even faster now.
Suddenly a huge hum penetrated the laboratory and filled the air with vibration. I instantly felt very nervous. Georgian Longue, in all his inglorious true colours, simply laughed out loud at my unease. He was relishing his control over me.
‘Oh, Stanley. I so enjoy having you in my company. I must name a street after you when our work is complete.
‘But to business. Heritage, as you may know, comes from our past. We are the product of our successful ancestors. Yes?’
I nodded. 
‘But you, Stanley Jefferson,’ [for the first time ever he used my full name], ‘are a product of your future!’
The hum changed into a rumble and the great bear, asleep for such a long time, suddenly growled into arousal. The floor juddered as the time portal shivered, changing from a blank and shallow stare into a sudden drop. The darkness instantly transforming into the blackness of infinity. It meant only one thing. The black hole had woken up!
And he was hungry. Very, very hungry.
I suddenly felt like a morsal. All vulnerable and ready for the bear to eat me. I must have looked as scared as a rabbit. I felt doomed. Finished. Nothing in the world would save me from my awful fate. And I still didn’t know what it was.
Chapter Twelve
‘Stand here please, Stanley.’
I did as I was told. What else could I do?
Scaffolding on jets had hovered before me. Four steps had led me upwards to the final platform with shoe-shaped indents, and, no sooner had I placed my feet in the sockets, than I’d felt them lock into position and hold firm. I really was a trapped rabbit now.
It was Michelle who had spoken to me. Reluctantly, I had thought. She had walked up with me and made sure I had stood correctly. But she never checked my feet. Never looked at them. She just kept looking into my eyes. Her hands delicate presses on my arms, adjusting me a little, this way for the grappling cups, that way for the back brace, but mostly touching me, ever so gently, and looking at me, into me, her eyes saying the very thing I’d heard her say before.
‘I’m sorry, Stanley.’ Over and over again.
And I could swear she was saying something else to me as well. Or perhaps I was just fantasising. A phantom love. The only kind I’d ever known. It had never existed, anywhere in my life, except in my head. Yet I was convinced it existed now. I’m sure she was trying to tell me something. Yes, I’m sure. Her eyes were telling me - she loved me. 
It was probably only me imagining it. But then, what else had I done all my life? My wasted life.
‘That will do, Captain Hardy,’ came the Frenchman’s sternness.
And she had to leave me. One final press on my arms, a breath of a sigh of a look of a kiss, and she walked away, around me, behind me, and down the steps away from me. I don’t know what she was doing after that, because my feet and arms were locked and I couldn’t turn to see. Crikey though, I wanted to!
In front of me, my only viewpoint, gaped the greatness of the deepest black I had ever seen. Deeper, darker than the hole that had brought me forward in time. Or perhaps it only seemed that way, because now I was without protective clothing, and feeling more vulnerable than I had ever felt before, in my entire life. 
‘Goodbye, Monsieur Jefferson! You sad fool. The Fourth Reich salutes your sacrifice!’ Yes, he’d said something about that. But I hadn’t really been listening. It didn’t matter anyway. I was going to die. Who cared what his cause was?
The platform started to move, and it slowly edged me closer and closer to the sudden drop. My vision became dominated by the engulfing hole as I was glided slowly into place, the abyss examining me, a reflection of the fear I felt, and of the love I’m sure I had but would never know. For the first time in my life, it was the first and only true love of my life. And she was gone from me before I had even told her who she was to me. I’m sorry too, Michelle. 
I decided there and then that I would tell her. I loved her forever. I had always loved her, for my whole life, for all the years before I had met her. My heart always knew she existed. It had waited all this time to meet her. I had only known her for a day, but in that day, in that brief time, it had felt like my eternal forever. And I had been grateful. But now my forever was coming to an end. The abyss said so. Its hollowness sucking me, like gravity does. The gravity of time meeting my end of forever.
But at least Michelle was with me. I knew she loved me. I could feel her in my heart and I could remember her in my face, touching my arm, again, again, breathing in my space and telling me with a look that she loved me. She loved me! She loved me! And I love you, Michelle! I love you! 
Inside my mind I shouted this, over and over again, as I could think of nothing else. Hoping she could hear my farewell. Just as the darkness around me started to sparkle. 
Yes, sparkle. 
I never thought black holes could do that. It took my breath away for a second as I looked about me at the fizzes of light twinkling all around me.
I gazed at the darkness flickering like stars and shooting dust. But it wasn’t the blackness creating the spectacle. It was me. My hands were shimmering and my clothes were fair bursting with bright trapped light. 
I had to gaze at my palms because I couldn’t recognise them. They were falling apart, the matter tumbling away from itself, but being replaced by golden and white sprinkles of light and tiny flashes. I could see through them, as if my DNA was transparent to the darkness behind, but the light dominated and meshed like hair in water. I checked my body and only my purple fabric hid from view the same phenomena. I didn’t have a clue what was happening to me. I touched my face, deeply worried I might lose it, [despite moments before my end], and I could feel contact, strange like my fingers and face were all spikes like a cactus and my face was feeling my fingers just the same, clinging to my spikes of light, playing coy and grasping now and then. I didn’t know what I was becoming. 
I didn’t know what to expect from death, the actual business of becoming ‘dead’, but I hadn’t thought it would be like this. 
Then the effect spread to my eyes! I started to see blotches. Very pervading, light tendrils too close to focus and I could feel this strange death entering deeper into my body, and now it began to feel like my DNA was starting to tickle. I never thought this would be how I would die.
For some reason the platform turned on its spot. Presumably for my final positioning, and I was able to scan the room again. My back to the black hole, my vision blurring more and more. Michelle was in tears, obediently standing to the right of her leader, her shoulders were shaking and my own tears were falling off me like sparklers. But even with death, even with death this strange! I could do nothing else but watch Michelle. The woman I loved before I’d met her, when only my heart knew she existed. I watched her watching me and we cried together as my body underwent goodness-knows-what in the 23rd Century.
‘I love you, Michelle,’ I cried quietly. And I could barely see if she said the same to me.
Just as my eyes were failing, more blobs appeared before me. Blobs here, blobs there, but with a different colour and shade, darker and shiftier, shimmering in and out, and that I’d sworn I’d seen before, somewhere. But I had to blink repeatedly with what was left of my eyelids to stop imagining what I was seeing, even though it didn’t do any good. I couldn’t change what I was seeing, because these new shapes of light and colour weren’t a part of me. They weren’t a part of my body, of my blotted eyesight or even of my eyes. They were appearing in the room. And they were orange.
In a corner, by a column, in the open spaces, on the rampways, between the soldiers, lots and lots of them, dotted and blotting around the whole laboratory. Like an invasion. And it wasn’t just my imagination. The real people in the room were reacting to them too. Jumping aside, aiming their weaponry, screaming at each other to be alert. [Michelle didn’t notice them. Neither did her leader, for that matter.] As I felt myself fading from my material self, the other blobs began to form bigger shapes, tall, heavy, solid shapes that started to materialise into bizarrely familiar human beings. They were Vikings!
Not just one Viking, but a hoard of them, a dozen at least, filling the room, swinging their axes, sweeping their hammers and throwing their knives at the quickest to fire at their solidifying frames. It was all happening so quickly. They were just as alert as the soldiers but had the advantage of a surprise attack. Bodies fell to the floor, messing the floor, axes plucking out of corpses, hammer weights bouncing off heads. The Reich scientists didn’t stand a chance either. With each Viking wallop they fell down, the electric pillars vaporising and the console panels exploding with each attack. 
Suddenly my platform started to move! It’s direction confused me.
I was advancing into the room, into the fighting savage arena, ever nearer to the swinging axes and swooping hammers. I felt totally helpless. What did they want from me?
A Viking heavyweight leapt onto the rig with me. I thought he was going to kill me. He twisted his two-handled hammer upside down, but then he thwacked it into the flooring. Instantly the clamps released my feet and I was free. But I didn’t have time to thank him. Michelle was in danger! She hadn’t taken her eyes off me and didn’t notice one of the attackers come up to her.
I raced off the platform, landed heavily on the floor as my body began to solidify. I raced for the love of my rescued life.
‘Michelle!’ I shouted. ‘Get down!’
I charged up to her shrinking frame holding my hands up in a protective stance as the Viking raised his axe for the killer blow. I screamed at him to stop and with all his might that’s exactly what he did do, as if a juggernaut screeching his brakes. 
‘It’s all right! She’s with me!’ I said hurriedly, over and over again. 
And then I knelt down to her. The woman I would risk everything for. And she knelt up, confused but relieved. We grabbed hold of each other for dear life, and we squeezed and squeezed and embraced and crushed each other together like lovers do when love is saved. And all I could do amidst the fading sparkles of my death was cry with the greatest relief of being rescued and being able to hold her in my arms. 
She was safe. She was safe. And now we had each other. 
Now we really knew exactly how we felt, and I couldn’t tell you how happy that made me feel. I’m sure Michelle, my dear Michelle, would tell you the same. 
We were together. At last. At long last.
We. Were. Together.
Chapter Thirteen
We hugged on our knees. The glow in my arms fading into a normal fabric, but my heart filled as if all the light fantastic had been sponged up by my giant love, finally requited and finally in my loving arms. Never before had I felt so lucky. 
‘I’m so sorry, Stanley. I’m so sorry,’ she said so happily.
And we kissed, making sparks of our own, the gratitude and joy mixing with the tears. I had to break off telling her not to be so silly, it was all over now, but quickly carried on kissing like lovers do. My heart had never felt so real to me. I could feel the energy from my soul with Michelle coursing through my veins. I could feel the atoms between us connecting one by one in their millions. I could feel her love, and, for the first time ever, I could say it wasn’t just a fantasy. It wasn’t only me and my wishful thinking. Not this time. This time, it was real! It was real! It was the greatest moment of my life.  
Then, politely from above, we were interrupted by a courteous cough and ‘ahem’. I noticed there were several pairs of criss-cross stockinged legs standing around us. Arching ourselves upward we could see several hairy faces leaning over for a good look and a grin. I didn’t know what to say.
‘Erm,’ I started, ‘she’s with me.’
‘We can see that, Stanley,’ spoke the tallest Viking, and I recognised him as the one I’d seen before.
‘Hello,’ I said.
‘Hello, my friend,’ he replied, offering his hand, adding, ‘Now, come. There is much to do before you can go home.’
In all politeness we were helped to our feet by savage invaders, me and Michelle forever holding hands, [sigh]. We looked around us at the levelled room.
‘Crikey,’ I said. ‘You don’t do things by halves.’
I didn’t want to peer too closely at the bloody bodies lying all over the laboratory, it wasn’t my kind of fascination, although I couldn’t help noticing there was no sign of Georgian Longue. I was foolish enough to think it not important. Mind you, my attention was more drawn to Michelle than anything else. I tried to convince myself, he was probably in there somewhere, it’s all over and now I can spend the rest of my life with Michelle, the most beautiful woman in the world who is holding onto me like a koala bear.
I never knew holding somebody holding me could fill my heart and soul with so much fire, and I’m pretty certain it wasn’t the stardust from the black hole. I think it was me and Michelle. We were creating our own lovefire. It felt fantastic. Utterly fantastic. And I couldn’t believe I’d lived without this love for so long. What had I been missing? She smelt nice too. 
‘I’m afraid it’s not over yet, my friends.’
I looked to the Viking to see what he meant. But he looked back at me equally confused. He hadn’t said anything. And he certainly hadn’t said anything to me in a French accent! Oh no, it wasn’t over at all. It was Georgian Longue. He was still alive. But where was he?
‘I have a little surprise for you.’
We heard the familiar double clap, and the invisible space shimmered into the visible as the would-be dictator, in his spotless white naval outfit, parted the invisible and stood solidly in our view. He was smiling. I didn’t like the look of that. I didn’t like the look of the thing he was holding either.
‘Stan,’ I heard Michelle say. She saw it too, and gripped me tighter.
His uniform, special as it was, held a magical bubble around his tunic. His hands free for clapping, and the bubble, a wonder of misused technology, held a longer, larger pistol than the one I’d seen before. The barrel was thicker, and transparent like a lava tube, the solids inside the fluid agitated and reddening, gearing for release. It hung as if on wires, awaiting to be plucked and it was aimed right at us.
‘Full of surprises. No?’ he grinned. ‘I have also brought a few of my friends with me.’
The room filled with double claps, and then everything happened so quickly. The Vikings tightened onto their weapons, and braced prepared, as the invisible military ‘friends’ irrupted into the visible. There was more than enough to match the invaders. Both sides were ready for the fight in their own centurys’ tough clothing and weaponry. No hand was empty. Axes and hammers on one side. Lava tube rifles on the other. And there was no stand-off at all.
Within seconds, a ferocious Viking raised his axe to the nearest soldier and was instantly fired upon. He was thrown back by what seemed to be a shockwave. He flew backward, lost his axe, and hit the ground. But, tough as he was, he quickly jumped to his feet, reached for his axe and was ready to fight again. It was an interesting firearm, but it was no deterrent to these warriors. The Vikings charged. All of them, yelling and sweeping the air. I felt scared for everyone. I’d never been in a battle before. I couldn’t see a winner.
The guns wapped out energy fields and Vikings were flung through the air. Back and forth the relentless Nords went, never giving up, unable to get close to the haters. They started loosening their swings and hurled their clubs at the 23rd Century soldiers. This worked, knocking them down, some protected by their bubble field, some staying down with direct head wounds. A Viking caught in the crossfire of two lava fire attacks was squashed in the crushing collision of waves. Bodies flew around the room, slower to rise with the exhaustion and the battering, but they never gave up. Reichians that were struck true, never rose, and, it seemed, the Vikings were the better army. But what did I know? The 23rd Century was full of surprises. 
Then a hater turned to us, running to us with his barrel aimed true. And then Michelle let go of me. And I felt a sudden loss.
‘Michelle!’
But the head Viking, by my side to protect me, grabbed me before I could stop her.
‘No, Stanley! She knows what she’s doing!’
‘Trust me, Stanley. This is what I do.’ She said this as her energy uniform visibly hummed.
She was tiny next to the attacker. I feared the worst. He aimed his glowing rifle at her. I tensed as he pulled the trigger, but then Michelle did something amazing. She twisted. Not like a ballerina, but like a shark. As if her bones were suddenly water and she could bend like rubber. The shockwave skimmed past her arcing body, rippling her forcefield and winding past me. I’m sure he would have fired a second sally if Michelle had given him the chance, but she’d been trained not to. Her foot cleaned the rifle from his bubble, her hands chopped above and below his surprised mouth, choking him, blacking him out at the temple, and he fell like a weight. The future was full of surprises. I couldn’t believe what I’d just seen. But the Vikings were losing, exhausted to defeat. Many Reichians, now free of one battle, advanced on little Michelle. I wanted her back with me, but her blood was up, higher than anyone’s. I’m only glad I wasn’t her enemy. It was obvious who was. The Reichians knew too. They had to protect their leader.
Michelle span, hands on the floor, heels in the curving air, she practically lifted the head off the first soldier. He was gone and my love was closer to her goal, but I could see it was becoming hopeless for her.
‘Please,’ I implored my Viking friend.
‘I can’t. I’m sorry.’ He had to protect me, which meant holding me back from protecting her.
Georgian Longue stepped half a room away, obviously to give his men a clear fighting ring, keeping himself out of danger. He watched, watching me, watching Michelle, me with fear for a love I might lose, he with a fascination for my fear and an unconcealed admiration for her. He sickened me. We were his spectacle. 
‘Michelle. Please,’ I said, more to myself. She couldn’t hear me. All I could do was watch her fight. It was all I could do. God, I love you, Michelle. Please be careful.
She knew she was outnumbered. One Reichian lost his feet, and she made damn sure he landed on his head. Another took longer to fall, but all her efforts to his entire body paid off and his bubble began to suffocate him. Nearly all the Vikings were down, struggling to rise, and more Georgian-Longue people were free to swarm Michelle. She knew she couldn’t fight them all. We knew she was finished.
But then she did something amazing. [That was Michelle for you.] She actually picked hold of her protective field, pulled it off her uniform and swung it like a blanket. She flung it in an enormous curve like putting out a fire. And all the advancing men had a taste of their own medicine. They were thrown backwards, blown like a dandelion. Michelle had given herself a bit of breathing space. Goodness, she needed it. The poor girl was exhausted fighting grown men. She was only little.
‘Let me help her please,’ I pleaded to my new friend.
‘No,’ he said. He held my arm to keep me from harm. But not her.
With deft skill, Michelle flung the field around herself to let it reabsorb into her uniform, giving her some protection against the second assault to come. Her chest was heaving, her lungs gasping for more air and time. She was truly exhausted. I knew she wouldn’t, simply couldn’t, give in, but I desperately wanted her to, just to give her some chance of being a tiny bit safer. I wanted my loving arms around her. I wanted my loving self to stand between her and those men, already back on their feet and ready for the advance. 
Then something horrible told me it was nearly over for her.
Georgian Longue tapped on his cuff and spoke quietly into his comm-link. Then he spoke aloud, in his usual charming, confident and unbeatable manner, causing the Reichians to stand still and simply raise their lava guns in one direction, and one direction only.
‘Michelle,’ he said, ‘it has been such fun to know you. I thank you for your entertaining ways. But all good things must come to an end. And that includes you. Au revoir, mon ami.’
Oh god, no.
‘Michelle, please.’
This time she did hear me. A quick look to me, a bond for eternity, was all she had time for. And she was gone.
Every single rifle fired at once. The united power of every blast did more than just pick her up like a leaf. It shattered the room within its range. Pylons, chairs, remote consoles, shattered in the shockwave. Only her energy field saved her from disintegration. But the blast knocked the wall away too. A great slab of wall simply fell clear of the building. Air, debris, anything in its path hurtled out of the room and straight into the outside. 
I didn’t know how high up we were. But when I saw Michelle, my love, my love, fly out of the room like a twig in a hurricane, fall screaming out of the building and into the city’s sky, I prayed for more than anything in my life that we were barely feet off the ground. But I knew we weren’t. When Michelle was flushed out of the building and out into the outside sky, I knew we were miles high. I knew she was gone.
I looked at the gaping wound in the laboratory wall, and tried to realise that Michelle was gone from the world. She was gone. But I couldn’t believe it. I just couldn’t.
Chapter Fourteen
What happened next happened even quicker than previous events. It was in such a rush it’s taken me this long to unravel the moments into their correct order, as I sit here in the Vortex, my foot still trapped in a time knot. 
I refused to believe my eyes. The truth was right in front of me, but I refused to believe it. The Viking’s hand had dropped from my arm, and it was all the release I needed. 
I bolted. 
I ran straight for the last sighting of my beloved. I’d never run so fast in all my life. With no reason for living, I ran for my life. I ran straight for the sky patch in the shattered wall. I ran for one last chance to hold my girlfriend in my arms before we both fell to our deaths. I refused to live without my Michelle and raced on to our mutual end. 
I heard yelling behind me. I didn’t care what it was they were screaming about. Apparently one of the Reichians had fired at me in error. Of course, Georgian Longue the bastard who killed my love wanted me alive and he was probably shouting in vain at the soldier. The singleton blast picked me up and carried me even faster to the outside. For once I fell through a hole willingly. The open space and the flushing wind took my breath away, but I wasn’t concerned. I welcomed the rush and couldn’t shift forwards fast enough. In the rush of falling, I darted left and right to catch a sight of her. My life was over now. I knew that. But it was over anyway without her. What else was there? I might as well die looking for her. My heart had been doing that all its life anyway. It was a suitable way to end. 
And then I saw her.
Mercifully, her protective bubble had billowed like a parachute and, though she was falling fast enough to die, her speed had slowed down, hopefully just enough for me to catch up with her. Before it was all over. 
She was facing up to the sky, and I was falling facing her. It was quite possible I could reach her. My fall was not hindered by anything. In fact, I willed myself to drop faster, and yes! I began to gain on her. My hand outstretched as my upside-down-diving-body stretched reaching to Michelle reaching stretching up to me, closing on each other, the strain evident in our elastic claim for contact, our faces mixes of grimace, strain, determination and love.
But it wasn’t enough. No matter how far I stretched to meet Michelle’s fingertips, we never quite made the connection, and, all the time, the ground came rushing up to us. We had about 15 seconds left and we tried to squeeze the space between us, closer and closer but never enough, never touching.
Until, seconds to spare, we actually made contact! Our fingertips first, straining more and more, then pressing our fingers tight, we held for dear love and life as we looked into the abyss of love looking back at us. And it was enough. It was just enough.
As the ground came to claim us, a curious orange haze suddenly engulfed us.
Our momentum completely reversed. I felt as if the world had turned upside down. Michelle flew up to me in zero G. We crashed into each other and before she could fly away from me, we grabbed hold in our arms and held firm. Then we flew around again quite rudely in the orange washing machine that tumbled us around in its mist, and suddenly the Viking was next to us madly tapping commands into his sleeve console.
‘Nearly-‘ he uttered before the wind left his lungs and we flew rudely again in a different direction, still clinging in tight embrace, the Viking clutching my ankle as we swung on a new flight path to goodness knows where.
‘-there!’ he finished, and tapped a final button with his nose, and we definitely flew upward this time, then seemed to hang in slow motion, suspended like particles as the orange haze phased away and blue sky and tall buildings surrounded us. Finally, crikey finally, with another indignant thump we landed in a heap on the firm, solid surface of what must have been pavement. We rolled a little until the ride ended. And then just lay there, gasping.
‘What happened?’ I managed to say.
‘Sorry for the rough escort,’ said our friend. ‘Emergency landing. Never really needed it before.’
‘Well,’ I said, ‘we’re alive. That’s something.’
‘Bruised but not broken,’ said Michelle, muffled beneath me. I’d landed on top of her. Her force field automatically switched off, which had cushioned our fall, but now Michelle was looking slightly squashed underneath me.
‘Sorry,’ I said and helped her to her feet.
We wobbled a little, and ached a lot, but it didn’t matter. We hugged and hugged and kissed and kissed. Everything was fine now, because she was alive. She was alive! And, come to that, so was I.

Finally, after a long pause, [at least for our friend], I asked, 
‘Where did you come from?’ and he told me his part, how he came running after me in an attempt to stop me leaving the building, the idiot soldier had fired and sent us both speeding out of the exit wound. It was then a matter of catching me to save me from a fatal fall. Of course, it meant rescuing Michelle as well. Once we were caught in his time field it was a matter of landing somewhere safely in a different time zone, away from the Reichians, or the Longueians, whoever they were. So we ended up here.
‘Although, where ‘here’ is, I don’t know,’ said the Viking. He began tapping his micro-top for answers and lost himself in mumbles and thought.
Me and Michelle could only marvel that we were still alive. It meant everything to us.
I kissed her hard on the mouth, her head clamped in my hands and then gazed into her. She reflected my shadow of a doubt with a shade of dark conscience. We had to clear this up right now.
‘I love you, Michelle,’ I said, [this time very, very calmly], ‘but I don’t understand you.’ I had to ask, ‘Are you, ‘one of them’?’
She held my hands and pressed them to her chest.
‘Let me tell you from the start.’
As the flame in our heart stayed strong, she began her story.

Chapter Fifteen
‘Come and sit down, Stanley.’
Leaving the Viking grumbling into his sleeves, tapping and pressing harder with fresh ideas to quickly replace failed ones, Michelle led me by the tender hand to the grass verge with a Roman fountain.
‘Can we sit on the grass?’
She smiled. ‘That’s not grass. Watch.’
Leaning over the border she started to rub her fingers and thumbs together and made hissing sounds as if calling for a cat. Miraculously, the grass started to respond! But it didn’t sway like normal grass under the influence of a wind. Each individual blade of grass appeared to react separately and all in various directions, including up. Michelle rustled her hands louder and the grass jumped on the spot, the many spots, like a blanket of fleas. No, this wasn’t grass at all.
‘What is it?’ I asked.
‘It’s software,’ she answered, maternally. ‘You remember the Gentle Age’s donations in the Cathedral Hall?’
‘Yes,’ I said, thinking of the software flying in the giant domed chamber, footloose and barely under control.
‘Well,’ said Michelle, as a green blade leapt onto her finger, chirruping for attention, ‘there was an outbreak in the 23rd Century. Nobody knew what created it, but at the time it was the worst ecological disaster in history. Worse than the Spillage of 2072. Like you feared, it was an airborne outbreak. The Natural World lost the new battle for domination. It was the final mass extinction. The software evolved and dominated Nature. The cost to us was global. The atmosphere became the substrate and home for the software organics, and all the birds had nowhere left to fly. Take a look at the sky, Stanley. There’s nothing up there anymore.’
I could see what she meant. The sky was beautiful and blue. But there wasn’t a single speck of flight to be seen.
‘Nothing of old at least. It’s an invisible tapestry of Gentle Age life now. Could be worse, in many ways, but it’s not the same as our world.
‘However,’ she continued, more green buds with tiny legs hopping along her arms, ’Evolution never sleeps and lifeforms start small but forever grow into bigger creatures. These are only an example of a silver lining to the ecodisaster.’
‘They’re lovely.’
‘Yes they are.’
Then it struck me. ‘But how do you know all this? You’ve only just arrived. Have you been here before?’
‘No,’ said Michelle, chuckling as a bud fell off her head, squealing all the way down to its populace. ‘I’ve never been anywhere later than when I met you. Times have changed since the outbreak. Today we can breathe in the software with no ill effects to ourselves, and our uniforms, donated from the peoples of the future, are receivers and processors of information inherent in the Software. Knowledge is free to all of us now, Stanley. Whatever time we arrive in, wherever we walk, the Knowledge is instantly downloaded first into our clothing, and then into our minds. Copyright has no niche in the future, my love. Maybe the people are freer here? What do you think?’
‘I think it’s beautiful,’ I answered, honestly and into her eyes. ‘The future is worth fighting for. It’s obvious. The Gentle Age and its people have a lot to offer. I feel better already.’ I filled my lungs through widening nostrils and breathed out in huge mouthfuls of yawns and smiles. ‘Lovely. Lovely to be here.’
The Viking cursed louder than usual, thumping his sleeve in frustration.
‘Still no idea what time we are in?’
‘Not specifically.’
‘Don’t suppose it really matters too much,’ I added, helpfully, and hopefully.
‘Of course it does!’ he spluttered. ‘You don’t think it’s over, do you? Your story and our quest have barely started! By the gods, Mr Jefferson! Don’t let the fresh air fool you!’
Well, that told me. A green bud popped at me, and clung onto my nose. It didn’t hurt, but I did feel slightly silly. Michelle smiled happily. I’d never seen her so happy. Was the fresh air getting to her too? Or was she reacting to something else? Me, perhaps? That would be nice, I thought. [And a first.] But there were other matters to attend to. Her allegiance to a good life, for one thing.
‘Darling, you were going to sit me down for a talk about, you know, things. I need to know many truths about you and that, that man. You know, before I love you completely.’
She looked at me with a knowing smile and a tilt of the head. Yeah right, Stanley, she must have been thinking. I have you already. And no matter who I am or what I’ve done, you will always love me completely and truly. I have you, my dear.
I smiled back, knowing I’d been blown. But, still.
‘You’re right, Stanley Arthur Jefferson, I do owe you an explanation. But just remember this, my love, you can’t fool an empath. I can see right through you.’
‘Yikes,’ I said, harmlessly.
‘And, believe me, hun, you’ve no need to worry. Now, come and sit down.’
‘But, where?’
As if she knew by the instincts of living in this time zone all her life, she spoke to the grass.
‘Chairs, please. For two.’
Like a million acrobats, the green, tiny legged, buds of enthusiasm ran up each other, growing and stacking and forming a very excitable bench for two. The sounds of the delighted voices turned the performance into musical chairs and they still hummed and chirruped as they settled down into their self-made habitat. We sat down and jumped once or twice, as ecstatic fleas accidentally tickled us, before they too joined the calm new lawn and we could relax in chairs, knees touching, hands in palms and me turning to Michelle, awaiting some heavy news to befall me, or relieve me.
‘We’ve all been lied to, Stanley. I am as much betrayed as you. One man can have such a strong influence on the many, and, if we are easily led, then we are easily lied to. A leader like Georgian Longue can lead and lie to as many as he likes. I never thought to doubt a human soul that had so much charm and confidence, but what can you do? Until we grow up, we are always children looking for a faithful elder. Only when the elder betrays us, do we start to mature and feel our age. We are all the same. After all, you look up to me, don’t you?’
I nodded. Michelle probably knew, her gift would tell her, that I would always be a child. I have Asperger’s Syndrome and simply cannot grow up. I had no secrets with Michelle. And she still loved me for all my faults. I was so grateful.
Michelle smiled. She knew I had nothing to worry about. And neither did she.
‘Tell me your story, Michelle. Why did you lead me on? Did you know what that man had in store for me?’
‘No, I did not.’ Michelle answered simply and with as much clarity and seriousness as those small words would allow. Her look, direct into me, gripping my hands and wanting to kiss the truth into me, told me she meant those words too. We kissed. With great relief and gratitude. And I believed in her. Just as equally as she believed in me.
Then, in the nook of my ear, she softly said, ‘He only told me his plan for you when we arrived. 
‘The thing is, Stanley,’ she said, finding this hard to share, ‘I didn’t love you at first.’
‘You didn’t?’ I asked, slightly crestfallen. So I had imagined it after all. But why did she change her mind?
‘I was under instructions to lure you in. So I used my empathy to give you the wrong ideas,’ she said. ‘Well, that’s what I thought I was doing. When we later linked minds, my love, I discovered your true soul. And I couldn’t help myself. I fell in love with you. Or I realised I was already in love with you. My empathy had nothing to do with it.’
She smiled at me. So lovingly.
‘And that’s why I volunteered to go with you. I didn’t want you to leave me. And you had to go, Stanley! But I never thought you were going to your death. I knew nothing about that.’
‘I believe you. Where Georgian Longue is concerned, the truth is never known. He manipulates people as easily as we fell in love.’
‘Yes he does. And that reminds me.’
Michelle stood up, made sure no one was looking, then found the coin in her pocket, double clapped, and instantly returned to her purple snazzers. 
‘I think it’s fair to say, my love, I am officially retired.’ And with that, she hurled the coin as far away from her as possible. ‘Free at last,’ she added, coming back to sit with me again.
‘As soon as I volunteered, that man, that false man, reminded me I was bound to my government and country to follow orders, regardless of casualties. One man, he said, even one as, [she paused], is nothing compared to the greater good. But, my love, you know I hated this. You saw the change in me when we arrived here. I never wished any harm upon you, but I had to follow my orders no matter how I hated them. This kind of obedience changes us in our professions. Otherwise we do not survive. I had no choice, my darling. I am so sorry.’
She rested her head on my shoulder. I shared the sorry she felt. 
‘I believe you, Michelle. It’s all right, my love. I believe you. And, please don’t change. We survived a challenge to separate us, that’s all. If it changes us, then we have lost. Stay the way you were. You know I will.’
‘Thank you, Stanley.’
‘But what does the Government know of all this?’
‘Nothing. Georgian Longue is a free man with his black ops rank. He has complete discretion and carte blanche. The Government believed in him too. I was assigned as an auxiliary agent to assist and procure. I simply followed orders and trusted my training. Nobody knew the real Georgian Longue, Stanley. You have to understand this.’
‘I do,’ I said, thoughtfully. ‘I do.’
‘We’ve all been lied to, Stanley. Me more than anyone.’
A group of people exited a nearby building and walked on by, ignoring us and our lovers’ embrace on a bed of grass buds. They probably saw this kind of thing on a daily basis. But, as they giggled walking past the muttering Scandinavian, [something they hadn’t seen before!], I noticed an oddity about their arrangement. In my people-watching days, I would often see groups of equals with at least one ‘misfit’ trailing the rest, almost a runt of the pack, so to speak. It was a common sighting outside coffee shops. But here my observations saw something original, and very odd. For every equal in the giggling group, there was a misfit. An equal number of one to match the other. I just thought it strange. One of those things you see from time to time. My attention returned to Michelle. But not before she had noticed I had been elsewhere for a second or two. 
‘Stanley. I’m down here.’
‘Yes. Sorry. I just saw, erm nothing. What did you mean ‘more than anyone’?’
‘My empathy flowered in puberty. Like you, people were a mystery to me. But unlike you, Stanley, puberty brought me a gift to see into others, and they stopped being a mystery. Gifts bring rewards and I could avoid all the cheats by detecting their duplicitous secret thoughts and life became much easier for me. My grades flourished too, being able to see into my teachers’ minds gave me unique access to everything they sought in a top pupil. [She quietly laughed on my collar. I smiled too. This was a nice moment for us]. My gift took me to Oxford to more top grades and promising careers. I then found myself in the police. My arrest rates were the highest on record, and it was there I met Georgian Longue.’
‘Hm.’ How would the story change now, I wondered.
‘As you know, my love, I can read deceit in people, and I’ll be very honest with you, I saw none in him. I looked more deeply into him than anyone, knowing the influence he would have on my life, and I only saw an angel. For this, I trusted him implicitly. I let him take me into MI5, and I never saw any mark of deception to his character, not even an ill thought in him. Not once, Stanley. Not once.’
‘But, how?’
‘I didn’t know then. I only knew when he dropped his guard when we arrived here. He is an empath too. And a very sophisticated, highly trained one. It was child’s play for him to blank my searches. He even set up a fictitious personality to fool me. His special talent blocked mine. And I had no idea who the real Georgian Longue was. I promise you, Stanley.’
‘I believe you,’ I answered. ‘I’ve no reason to doubt you, Michelle. I trust you implicitly. You’ve no reason to doubt me. I promise you too, my love.’
Michelle raised her head. Our eyes as close as a reflection on a water’s surface. There was nothing between us. No space and no doubt. Only the water in our eyes. I loved her. And she loved me. It was clear. As clear as water. We were one.
‘I’ll never doubt you, Stanley Jefferson. Never. I love you.’
‘I love you too.’
I shan’t go into how much we kissed and held so tightly and consummately. Or even how excited the green buds were, dancing in ambience to our love-found joy and happiness. What a sight we must have looked! But we were in love. And, like all lovers at the height of their delirious joy, we didn’t care how we appeared to anyone else. If they couldn’t see our beauty, then they couldn’t see anything.
Except the Viking of course.
‘No. It’s no good. I cannot reset the chromostyle. The softdiall is damaged beyond repair. We shall just have to make best guesses as to when we are. Now then, my friends, let’s have a look for clues.’
We both watched his interruption, our heads tilted together, and then laughed outloud and with total abandon at the absurdity of his reaction to us. It was the greatest release and relief we could have dreamed of. We laughed as the Viking stared at us, totally confused by our lack of concern. He could only shake his head, giving up on his micro top, and almost giving up on us.
But more people began to mill out of buildings around us, filling the pavements and park corners, chatting and pointing and walking on by. And, as more of them passed us to wherever their routines led them, first myself noticed the oddity, then the Viking, and then Michelle too, who had a sudden rush of data to her cranium explaining the very oddity we were all witnessing.
My earlier observation wasn’t so odd after all. 
In every group, nobody walked alone. There were clear leaders and obvious followers and the leaders had the freedom to talk, while the followers trailed close by, their heads lowered and their mouths in silence. It was a strange arrangement. One that could be seen in every single collection of people wherever we looked. Obviously a common occurrence in this age. It was no oddity at all to the people here. But something very odd, and quite wrong, to us. And only Michelle, with her instant downloads, knew what it was.
‘This is a Reichian society,’ she said, in a hushed tone. ‘Five generations after the Eco Outbreak. There are no lifeforms left but the artificial, the Software, and the humans. And with the people,’ she carried on, summarising as the date filled her head, ‘there are only two types remaining.’
‘I can see that,’ I said.
Not only their behaviour of one obediently following the other, in every group, but their clothing indicated distinct hierarchy too. Themes of history dictated their fashions, each of a time peculiar to a single group, neither group recognising the other, as they passed each other by. All quite unfriendly. The only warmth came passing by the Viking and giggles were shared with people of equal standing and fashion sense. 
The fashions were astonishing. If I said, ‘Aztec’, you’d think of alarming headpieces and trailing robes. But these were Reichians, there was nothing alarming or flowering about them. Somehow, they had managed to compact the dress code of a civilisation into tight, trim, body-shaping uniforms. Almost as if they had the colours of a peacock, but were too afraid to fan them for all to see. A massive display of inhibition and retention. People too shy or reclusive to spend their millions in public. Always a waste. And it wasn’t just the Aztecs on muted display. Every group was different. The Victorians were made of lace; the Chinese Emporium were made of dragon silk; the Indias in brilliant hemp. And so on. The Viking recognised his own culture in a shy parade and coughed to attract their attention, but they managed to snub and laugh at him as they walked on by.
Yet this wasn’t the oddest observation. It was the pairings. Clearly there were betters and minors, and it saddened my happy heart a little. What colours the subdued leaders had, the servants had none but dullness. A symbol of authority in brightness and freshness as a marked statement of superiority to the murky browns and blacks of those under their position. To my mind, that seemed to be its only function. A statement of superiority. 
These ‘people’ of misdirected beliefs certainly didn’t know how to wear their brilliance. These were the repressed, dull of mind and attitude, too afraid to show off new materials for fear it might embarrass them. They didn’t have the ability. Such a shame they were in charge of everyone else. The colours of history were wasted on them. They had learnt nothing. They were still the bully, the others were contemptible to them. Apartheid was ugly and disgusting. Georgian Longue and things like him obviously ran society as suited and comforted their depleted souls. It wasn’t a pretty sight. 
I stood up to leave, holding Michelle’s hand, when a green bud delicately hopped onto our joined hands and ran on its tiny legs to my shoulder. It chirruped and squeaked like a chick and I felt utterly charmed by its cuteness and innocence. An action and a connection that would have embarrassed any of the colourful passers-by in this time zone. But not me. I loved it. 
‘Hello,’ I said, and it chirped right back at me, as if to say hello in return. ‘Well I never. I’ve adopted a friend.’
‘There’s something else,’ said Michelle, her serious tone not affected by my sentimentality. ‘Something even more distasteful.’ Her expression of disappointment said it all.
‘What’s that, my love?’ I asked.
‘Do you see what they are wearing?’
To be honest, it’s all I had been looking at. People-watching had taught me to avoid eye contact at most times, but I’d missed something important in my observations. I could tell by Michelle’s concern. She wasn’t making eye contact with them either. Only with me.
‘Their brooches. Look at their brooches. They all wear one. Oh, this is quite horrible, Stanley.’
Yes, they did all wear a brooch. I hadn’t noticed it before. I’d overlooked its significance, assuming it was merely part of their dress code. Michelle told me the shocking truth behind their design. 
‘These people should be extinct. Centuries of ethnic cleansing have pushed them too far. These people are finished. All that’s keeping them alive are those charms.’
‘What are they?’
‘DNA Respirators.’ It was the Viking who had answered.
‘Huh?’
He smiled. ‘I’m not just a hairy face.’ The Viking soon revealed he knew as much about this future state of decline as Michelle. He continued the explanation, walking up to us and speaking as if in confidence.
‘They’re not just pin badges. They are intravenous modulators. Just like tv’s of your day receive signals from a mast, these modulators receive a constant flow of gene vigoration to stop the body from collapsing. They need a continuous genetic feed. Without it, they’d be dead within a week. If that. Such is the genius of the Reichians.’
‘Some genius,’ I said, looking at him, wondering how so much intelligence and learning could come from someone dressed like a barbarian. I wondered what the Reichians would think of that. 
‘There’s worse,’ said Michelle. ‘There are two types of person in this society. It’s clearly a master and servant race. Both sides have DNA Respirators. But the masters’ charms give special fitness and health: the servants’ charms are subduers, to keep them placid and obedient. A disgusting misuse of technology.’
I looked again at the groups and saw them more clearly now. A master race that had nearly bred itself out of existence, dependent on artificial means to stay alive. A lesser race kept in existence to serve the masters, dependent on artificial means again, but to serve and be subdued. The masters ensured superiority by virtually drugging the rest of the people with lazy genetic inducers and sapping their willpower to do anything else but serve. Not a fair race at all. And this is what Georgian Longue had in mind. To conquer Life, to stand above all the people. To cleanse anything they felt unclean. To keep themselves pure throughout the whole of Time. I dreaded to think what state their history books were in. How sparse their literature must be without the colours of humanity allowed to fly and bloom. An ugly people in charge. 
But they’d cleansed for so long and so efficiently that they were facing their own extinction. It served them right. Or did it? It wasn’t enough to see them finally told how wrong their belief was, because I dreaded to think of the cost to their lesson. They had disgraced humanity and raked history of its cultures and races. Only one people were left, this one, and, eventually, with their life support system switched off, even they would be gone, leaving behind a world of artificial life. Considering the mess humans had made, perhaps that wasn’t so undeserving. 
I thought this, while nosing my little green bud, lightly flexing his tiny knees and reaching up to nose me. A new green planet, made of computer software. Could they make a bigger mess than humans had done? I didn’t think so. Perhaps they deserved their world more than we did.
The survivors of the human era were pathetic.
‘I want to get out of here,’ I said, pulling Michelle with me.
‘Where are we going to go, Stanley?’ she asked, allowing herself to be dragged along, the park bench returning to the lawn in an exhilarating avalanche and gleeful waterfall of excitable buds. I could hear their minute cries of childish surrender, and wished they could live in a better world than this. Just wait for the humans to leave, I quietly thought. ‘There’s nowhere to go, my love.’
I knew what she meant. We were trapped in a future that had no place for us. It had little place for anyone, for that matter. We’d only arrived by accident. Even though we had landed safely enough, we didn’t feel safe here at all. And we had no way of getting back to our own time. Like Michelle said, we had nowhere to go.
But the Viking, a man so full of surprises I couldn’t predict a single thing about him, had an answer. And he spoke so assuredly we were grateful to know him.
‘Yes there is,’ he said, with a bearded grin. ‘I know a place we’ll be more than welcome. Follow me.’
And so we did. 
Book 3
Days of Gold
Chapter Sixteen
It was a desolate place. The debris on the streets and gardens and hanging from the houses looked like the software from hundreds of years before in the Cathedral Hall. But this was the dead version. No flying waterfalls here. Just inert data streams. Covering everything.
It was all the more disappointing because it hadn’t been an easy journey getting here. To the bottom of the city.
Well, we’d started near the top, miles and miles above, so it was going to be a long trek down, and it had its perils too.
News from the giggling elite had reached the authorities and the report of a threesome, in a master and servant society, had caused concern. So they raised the alarm. Police patrols were scrambled, street-bikes rolled over open freeways covering every corner and hover-podcars flew around searching for us. We had to move quickly. 
As we made our way downwards into the dirtier zones, they searched high and low, but curiously they never came close to finding us. I thought it odd. But then, Michelle was a trained agent with constant info-feeds, and the Viking seemed to know the areas we passed through like he’d been here before. 
But, even this didn’t seem enough. Each time I felt sure we’d be captured, my little green buddy would chirrup excitedly as they came close. I hushed him to be quieter, but he refused. As the faceless searchers dangerously neared, his little squeaking grew louder. He would glow like a bulb, and the amazing Software atmosphere would fuzz and blur before us, between ourselves and the other ‘fuzz’, clouding their vision. When the bluebottles went away, green buddy would bounce on my shoulder in apparent happiness.
Call me slow, but was the Software world actually aiding our escape? It seemed incredible. 
And it was a loooong trek down to the bottom. Crikey, climbing down a city, and playing hide-and-seek, took some effort! 
We dangled off highways, de-scaled buildings from window ledge to window ledge, we de-climbed every vertical face to reach one horizontal road surface after the next, further and further into the lower levels. At least when we were low enough, we stopped worrying about getting caught. We had enough to worry about! Falling, mostly. 
Michelle and the Viking were born for the physical world and saw no challenge. Me, on the other hand, was, I’m ashamed to say, a great big weed. I was terrified, and I certainly couldn’t shield the fear during the really scary moments. Michelle, bless her, was a patient angel. Always by my side. Always taking the greater risk to see me safe. And always there with a smile and a kiss. [I was equally liberal with my thanks.] The Viking was a patient soul too. He often looked at me as if he knew me, or at least recognised the man or boy inside me. In some strange way, he looked on me like a proud, caring father, which I couldn’t understand. Either way, I was in safe hands with these two. I’d never felt so terrified and yet so safe. 

With much sweat and relief, we three grubby people, [and a quieter green buddy], made it to solid earth. And, boy, was I grateful! I told them this too. Not surprisingly, we’d bonded with all the near-death escapades and shared tears and laughter. It felt like a special moment.
When we found our feet, we could see a really filthy environment. The dirt lined everywhere. A place forgotten by broom and duster. It was something I’d noticed on our scary descent from the mercilessly clean city top – a rising drop in cleanliness. All the way down to the bottom. It bothered me a little bit.
Mind you, it was unusual dirt. I’d never seen anything like it. More like giant dusty cobwebs than anything else. 
Michelle had lost connection with the Knowledge to explain it away, and the Viking, the strange Viking, who looked at me like he knew me, only muttered as if it had something to do with him. It just made him more enigmatic. Which added nothing really. He was already a complete mystery to us. 
All would become clear very soon, however. In the ruinous streets of a forgotten old town, the Viking did something alarming and surprising. He cupped his hands around his bearded mouth, gave a great bellowing cry from the bottom of his swollen lungs, and filled the air with the call of the lost whale. More prolonged and powerful than a wolf howl, the Viking emptied his volume into the streets around us, fanning his voice so no ear could escape its calling. And then again, when his lungs dripped empty and he refilled his cavernous chest, he called out like the last of the Vikings, as if calling for his ancestors to rise from the earth.
Me and Michelle held tightly together, our lives were completely entrusted to a man we knew nothing about, except that he knew me. We could only hope he was a true friend of ours. In honesty, we didn’t really know.
Then, in the echoing silence, the Viking gave a mutter. But this was one of satisfaction. Because he could hear in the distance the Underworld coming to life. The Vikings were indeed rising from the earth.
And my story took on a whole new turn of events.
I wouldn’t say the street suddenly swarmed with people, they were too weak for that, but there was a steady filtering out of the darkness. The cry of the wild, and curiosity, brought them out of the dwellings and they advanced on us like slow-motion zombies. Not that they wanted to eat us. I think they just wanted to know who had woken them up. They looked terribly tired and emaciated. These were clearly hard times for them.
Close enough to see the reds in their eyes, the malnourished and the bloodshot stopped where they were, offering no threat and stared at us weakly. Although, they stared mostly at the Viking, which was a relief, because their eyes freaked me out a little bit.
One of the redheads spoke for them with a dry rasp, and said, ‘Who are you?’
The Viking stood taller than I’d ever seen him before. He cleared his throat, and announced,
‘Many years ago I went back in time to rescue you from a dark future. The journey was long and hard, and I am sorry I failed you. However I have not returned alone. I bring you Stanley Jefferson. The original Stanley Jefferson. My ancestor and our salvation. And I, my good people, I am the Scientist! Together we will bring life to the Underworld. I can proudly say, your days of destitution are over.’
All their creepy eyes turned to me. And the hairs on the back of my neck wanted to return to the upper city.
Chapter Seventeen
The Scientist? He’s the Scientist? What did he mean, he’s the Scientist? How can the Viking be the Scientist? What the hell was going on? And what did he mean, this is Stanley Jefferson? The original? What did he mean by that? How could I be so important? And I’m his ancestor? What on earth was going on?
Michelle gave me the oddest of looks, full of care and concern, but quizzical too. I probably did the same to her.
But it was the reaction from everybody else we were more concerned about. Just how would they take this news?
Well, if they had the energy to spare, I’m sure they’d have taken a step back in astonishment. As it was, their poorly fed faces could only gawp, wide-eyed and wide-jawed at me, then at the Viking, then at me, then at the Viking, back and forth, over and over again. The Viking had certainly dropped a bombshell. 
And considering we were in the Underworld, facing a pack of starved zombies, I’m not sure he’d chosen the right moment. I’d never seen such a dishevelled band of savages before, [mind you, I’d never seen a dishevelled band of savages before], and I gripped Michelle tighter in the dread of what might become of us now.
But, as soon as the initial shock was passed, the tallest, fairest zombie spoke for all of them. He leaned towards us, offered his hand, and said, in perfect Englishness,
‘How do you do?’
And the Viking, as if a great rugskin of worry was suddenly taken off his shoulders, said quite delightedly,
‘How do you do?’ And they shook hands like old chums at Oxford, overjoyed at a long lost reunion. Suddenly all our fears were dispelled. It was just our confusion that troubled us now.
‘I wasn’t too sure how you’d take the news.’
‘Not at all, sir,’ replied the welcoming beard. ‘We’ve been waiting centuries for you. Talk of your return has been passed from one generation to the next. We’ve never stopped hoping. It’s an honour you are in our time. Thank you, Scientist. Thank you.’
‘My pleasure, my friend,’ chuckled the Viking. ‘I’m sorry we couldn’t come sooner, but we’d only arrived by acciden-‘
I coughed, to hide our faux pas. But the tall host had picked it up. He smiled again.
‘Please don’t apologise. We’re very lucky to see you here.’
‘Thank you for saying so.’
And all this with cheers and claps from the excited, creaking crowd.
Me and Michelle must have looked a sight. What the hell was going on?
‘You can relax, my friends,’ said the Viking to us. ‘You are amongst true allies now.’
Although they swarmed around our friend, they were mindful to keep a distance from me, [and Michelle, I suppose.] It felt very odd to have people, no matter how shabby, starving and decrepit, look on me with a curious reverence. It made me feel a tiny bit special. Like when a beautiful woman finds me attractive, she makes me feel attractive. Michelle did that to me all the time. It was very agreeable.
A child ran up to me and held her hand out, saying,
‘How do you do, Mr Jefferson?’
‘How do you do?’ I replied, shaking her hand and watching as she ran away thrilled to bits. Gosh, did I do that? How nice.
But what did I do? What had I done to deserve such acclaim? How or when did I do it? Have I done it yet? I didn’t know. I didn’t have a clue. Not then, at least. But I was to find out in the next few days. The Viking, nee the Scientist, would tell us why I was taken from the 20th Century, and the real purpose that Georgian Longue had had for me. All of it was shocking. All of it fantastic and all of it mind blowingly out of this world. I did have a latent power, it was wasted in a coffee shop, [as the horrible dictator had so scoffingly, but correctly, said], and it could be used for great purpose.
I was to discover the full story leading to my being here in the Underworld in the 26th Century. All the revelations to come would shake the very ground under my feet. I would never be the same again. But, because of the good company I was in, it would be a softer blow than if I’d been told by an enemy like that man. 
As it happens, I was in the company of friends, and the best of people too. And, because of my predilection to people watch, because I loved to be with and laugh with good, happy people, and because of Michelle, especially because of Michelle and her love, this would become the happiest time of my life.

We were led from the dark street of our rendezvous by the tall fair fellow and the short fiery lady, with the rest of the curious crowd tailing behind us like a comet. I felt quite alienated by the special treatment they were giving us, but I knew it was all done in good faith, so I didn’t mind it really. Felt odd though.
At one point, the Scientist picked up a thread of dusty spiderweb that had been draiped on a fence, and looked at it quite closely.
‘How interesting,’ he muttered to himself. ‘I can see my own work in here.’
He stared intently into its fibres, pushing his finger into an exact spot. We all heard a ‘pop’. A tinny kind of pop that fizzled a bit, and one end of the thread wriggled, as if a currant of energy passed through it. The Scientist smiled to himself.
‘Good,’ he said to no one else. ‘There is hope. Most promising.’
He then pocketed the dangling string, carried on walking, and everyone else carried on walking too. He was obviously the walker leader who knew what he was doing. I think it helped that me and Michelle thought so too. It gave the new people in our lives a chance to fully process our arrival. To have only one leader is comforting. It’s just the way we are. [Sadly.]
The fair fellow followed the path ahead of us, his hand holding the red haired lady’s. I couldn’t decide what relationship they had, although it looked nice, whatever it was. I think we’d entered a society very different to the one above. Despite the dirt and weird cobwebs, which the Scientist was so pleased with, there was a heightened air of freedom and openness with the inhabitants. All round us they were holding hands or linked in arms and all the children looking up at us were grateful too. Despite the snot-caked noses and grubby faces, they looked like a liberal, happy bunch of peeps. The dirt didn’t bother them at all. They probably didn’t even notice it. Completely opposite to the street life miles above. And there were no runts here. No masters and no slaves. Everybody equal. Clear leaders in some tasks, but never any masters. I was going to like it here. 
I kissed Michelle on her head. Her hair smelt beautiful. I felt I could kiss her with these people watching and not feel disapproval. Michelle spoke my mind.
‘We’re going to like it here, Stanley,’ she said. ‘It’s my first impression. And my empathy never lets me down. Not any more it doesn’t. I love you, Stanley. I can say that so freely here. Let’s see how happy we can be.’
‘Yes please,’ I said, still smelling her hair.
The web debris became denser underfoot. It was like walking through leaves. It was also like walking on bubble-wrap. Every step found a pop and a fizzle and the occasional flare of sparks. It writhed in places and it wasn’t just from feet kicking leaves. The stuff seemed to have life.
The buildings became denser too, and taller. The expression, ‘they don’t build them like they used to’, came to mind, despite being in the future, because the buildings were ancient, but standing tall and firm. Goodness knows the material, but it looked wooden and shaved, with knots and smoothed grain. It couldn’t possibly be wood, but it was nice to think the people preferred their dwellings the same as their ancestors. There was something romantic about the ambience of an artificial dark forest, where life once teemed in the bark and the branches. Natural firelights flickered in the windows. There was certainly some life in these woods. It was warming. So I kissed Michelle again. For all the reactions we caused, we could have been on a nature trail, or in a love tunnel. None of the people would bother us. They were so liberal. It was all so lovely.
We walked into a huge area. It was murky, and had no natural sunlight to break through the canopy. The roof of the enchanting forest was miles thick and choked with steel and highways. All the light we had came from the windows with their fires, the occasional picnic fires, and odd fluorescent growths. The darkness never ended. 
But this didn’t deter the Scientist. He was cheery about it all. And this certainly raised the spirits of his followers. This was exactly what they’d been hoping for. Everybody appeared to understand what was going on. Happily they strolled on as if all their worries were behind them, and me and Michelle could only be carried along like leaves on a strong river.
Ultimately we stopped passing city pillars and Underworld dwellings, and walked instead directly up to a rock face and a cave opening. Then ‘fair fellow’ and his red lady turned around and faced the entourage behind us.
‘My friends,’ he announced, ‘we must leave our most welcome visitors to their work now.’
There were groans intermingled with cheers. Some clearly understanding the announcement more than others.
‘But I can assure you they will not be idle. For the prophecy tells us they shall bring forth light.’
The Scientist nodded to him.
‘And that is exactly what we can expect in the next few days.’
‘Few hours actually,’ corrected the Scientist. He turned also and waved at the crowd, at least at those who could see him in the dimness. ‘Until we meet again, my friends. You will know when that moment has come. I will give you a very special signal. There will be much to celebrate.’
The crowd cheered at hearing this promise, and then watched our every step as the five of us entered the cave mouth and disappeared from sight into even more darkness and mystery.
Chapter Eighteen
‘Crikey, it’s dark in here,’ I remarked. 
It was pitch black. I couldn’t even see Michelle. Just the flicker of the flames in front for us. The walls had prehistoric texture as I felt my way with my free arm. There were knobbles and pits and curves and rises. It was all so cold, damp and rough. I could swear I saw man-made paint marks on the surfaces. It was all so eerie.
‘Where are we?’ I asked.
The Scientist’s voice said, ‘My laboratory. This is where it all started.’
‘Oh,’ I said, stepping in a dip and a puddle.
‘You are owed a very large explanation, my dear friend. But everything must come in its proper order. Please be patient and I will explain it all to you in due course.’
‘Righto, erm, what do we call you?’
At last we were going to find out his name. At least that was something.
‘I am known to the good people of the Underworld as the Scientist.’ He carried on walking, tapping the torch bearer’s shoulder to take a left. ‘But my actual name is [Yes!] Stanley Jefferson. The Ninth.’
I think the next bit of silence was due to me, because I missed my cue. The Scientist tapped the shoulder again and we took another turning round a corner of limestone. We came upon an expanse of a void. We couldn’t see it of course, the flames didn’t reveal any nearby rock face, but we could feel the change in atmosphere of what I imagined to be a giant, cavernous hollow.
‘I beg your pardon?’ I asked weakly and a little too late. 
‘Here we are,’ said the Scientist. ‘Now then, good sir,’ he spoke to the torch bearer, ‘there should be a line of dry torches awaiting you. Be so good as to light them up.’
The fellow in the front left the group to find the torches, and went about lighting them one by one. Gradually the room took on image after image of illumination, shaping and flickering into a more revealing cavity. But this wasn’t really important to me at this point in time.
‘Who are you again?’ I asked, seeing the Scientist more interested in his room than in my query.
‘I just told you, Stanley. In fact, I have told you a couple of times. You are my ancestor. You are Stanley Jefferson The Original and I am your grandson of many generations. Stanley Jefferson The Ninth. Please let me explain later. I have something of great importance and mind investment to attend to. But I will explain all, my friend. Not just now, that’s all.’
‘Oh okay.’
‘Well that put my mind at rest,’ said Michelle, looking into me and perversely tickled by my bafflement.
‘Yes, all makes perfect sense now, doesn’t it? Simples.’
‘Yes,’ said Michelle, smiling into me and loving me even more for my sarcasm. She kissed me smack on the lips, her hands around my face. Beaming with love. ‘It’s going to be fine, my love. The Scientist is exactly who he says he is. I’ve learnt from my mistakes. We’re going to be very fine here. And happy.’
‘Oh okay,’ I repeated, feeling very much at a loss for words and understanding. I just did what I normally did, and trusted the people in my life. For all I could ever tell, they seemed to know what they were doing. But what did I know. I don’t sit in coffee shops on my own for nothing, you know.
‘What can you feel about this new world, Stanley?’
More flames illuminated her beauty. I could see her now as a golden, brown, shimmering, bronze caste of pure Michelle. My goodness, I loved her so much. How lucky I was to be alive.
‘Well,’ I answered, hearing the Scientist stub his toe on forgotten furniture, cursing in the old fashioned way. Some things never change. ‘The city people are the most miserable and repressed I’ve ever seen. Well, apart from a party of false friends I went on holiday with to Germany. Charmless, unpleasant and intolerant. I’m sure the Reichians are the same. They’d treat me like an idiot as well. And probably see it as a holiday.’ Michelle could see my memories and she hugged me nice. ‘I quite like their hygiene though.’
‘Me too. Good to hear you’re a clean chappy. And down here?’
‘The opposite. Chalk and cheese. The place is filthy. I like the atmosphere a lot, but crikey what about a bit of spring cleaning?’
‘I meant what about the people?’
‘Ah! There we are!’ shouted the Scientist, clapping his hands in glee.
‘They’re great,’ I answered honestly. ‘No bad vibes at all. No judgment. No intolerance. Just love. Is that what you see?’
‘That’s exactly what I see. It’s all honesty down here. The openness of their society makes them almost as empathic as me. No troubles to hide. So no repression. It’s a great refuge, Stanley. We’re going to like it here.’
‘Do you think we could stay?’ My heart lifted.
‘I hope so. I really hope so,’ she answered, slightly squeezing me, a sound of concern in her voice. But I didn’t hear it then.
‘Oh me too, Michelle. Me too.’ I was extremely happy to think we’d found our heaven. And together too. ‘It just needs a bit of a tidy up and we’ll be made for life.’
‘You and your cleanliness, Stanley.’
‘My friends!’ It was our Scientist again. ‘We can begin.’
The cavern was fully lit now, as much as fire could light a room without setting it in flames. The room had warmed and the sound of torches lent an enchantment brought from a hundred hearths. It was beautiful. My spirits floated with the rising fires, and I’m sure Michelle’s did too. But, as soon as I saw the main feature of the cavern, in the usual central position, with the usual cable feeds leading from its bulbous rear, my heart sank. It was the same as I’d seen before, in two different centuries, the second one nearly killing me. It was another time machine. 
‘I don’t believe it.’
The Scientist could see my drop in temperature.
‘Oh my friend,’ he exclaimed, his hands in surrender and encompassing the glowing room with his warmth. ‘I do apologise. I should have explained. You have nothing to worry about. Quite the reverse, Stanley. And Michelle. It was by this means that we travelled back in Time to save your life. This will never harm you. I promise you both.’
‘But where did it come from?’ I asked, suspiciously. ‘How did you come across it?’
‘That’s simple. I built it.’
‘You built a black hole? I don’t believe it,’ I said again.
‘Well, yes. I’m not known as The Scientist for nothing, you know. I had a bit of help of course. But more about that later.’
He was smiling all over, and I felt the urge to do the same. After all, Michelle was smiling, and so were the Underdwellers. So I let myself go a little, and shared the warmth once again. There was something about this new world that made me feel very safe. And if Michelle, an empath who knew people, could feel safe here, then there was no reason why I shouldn’t either. Despite the thing in the middle having a grip of fear over me. I chose to share the joy and relief in the heated chamber. There was nothing else I could do really.
‘Okay,’ I said, nearly one hundred per cent earnest. Though not enough to fool the others.
The Scientist spoke. ‘Stanley, we are not about to awaken this kraken. It is a monster and it can sleep forever. Believe me, I do not want to see it awoken either. All the destitution you have seen is due to its unwieldy power. It would never be safe to bring it to life again. But the people of this darkened undercity need a helping hand. I need its resting energy to bring them light. It is the least I can do for them. Just bear with me now.’
He vanished behind the behemoth and we heard clanking and twisting as the cable feeds flexed and waved in the air until each one came loose. He brought them all in his giant hands as he came round to the front again. The feeds followed willingly, held up by struts bolted into the cave roof.
‘I promise you,’ he said, addressing the fair haired fellow and lady friend, ‘I will do as much as I can to correct the mess and harm my creation left behind. That is why I have returned. I am sorry I could not come earlier. Unfortunately, my heritage has made me a little accident prone.’ He said so giving me a sly wink. ‘Explanations later, Stanley. There is much to learn. Now, my friends, I require all your help. Please join me here.’
He motioned to us to move closer to him and surprisingly we did so willingly, like participants in a street theatre show. We trusted him implicitly. He had such charm about him. Perhaps this time we would be lucky.
‘Each of you, hold an end.’
He held them up and we picked one to ourselves, standing in a circle.
‘I believe you have a little friend with you, Stanley?’
A little friend? What did he mean?
‘In your pocket,’ helped the Scientist.
In my – of course! My green buddy! He’d been so quiet. I’d forgotten all about him. Unusual for him to be quiet. I picked him out of my tunic and held him out in my open palm. The poor thing. He was quite grey. Even in the firelight, there was no colour to him. He looked so broken and departed. 
His tiny legs kicked feebly and his small mouth sighed. I could swear he was reaching up to me. Poor little might.
‘He’s not looking too perky, eh Stanley?’ asked the Scientist, oddly optimistic.
‘Did I suffocate him?’
‘Golly, no!’ The Scientist laughed outloud. ‘No. You are quite blameless. It is nothing to do with your pocket. Oh Stanley, you make me laugh. What a sense of humour I used to have! Let’s hope it returns when my work is over. No, Stanley. And Michelle. Let me explain.’
In a circle we listened, green buddy his feet in the air like a baby, the rest of us like children, our full attention given to the teacher who took great pride in sharing his knowledge, lighting more fires in a room of flickering warmth. He was obviously the good version of the charming man. We could relax and feel safe under his charge. 
What happened next proved beyond doubt we were indeed in the company of a great and kind man. While his explanation would clear up a great many sad things that had befallen our future in the 23rd Century and our History in its entirety.
Chapter Nineteen
And so he began.
‘The Invasion of Time was a total disaster. Not only for us. For the Reichians too. Their attempts at invading History met with little success. It appeared the Ambassador from the Gentle Age had donated time travel technology that could transport people only forwards. Not backwards. I assume they knew of the dangers of time meddling  and refused to give their benefactors the keys to the past. However, although this frustrated the Reichians, it did not deter them from trying.’
We had decided to sit at this point. The Scientist informing us this would be a long story. I had placed the cable next to me, because my hands were full, one with Michelle, and one with my poor little green buddy, who did all he could to keep breathing. I dearly hoped there would be a happy outcome for him, for all of us. Something told me in the Scientist’s optimism that there would be. 
‘By the 23rd Century, they believed they had tamed the black hole. However, forcing the time tunnel against the grain placed enormous strain on the infrastructure, and the framework holding the infinity gateway collapsed in on itself. Such was the force of the collapse, the housing tower blew apart and the Software, the dangerous, Earth-threatening Software, was ejected like a volcano. A massive clean-up operation was hurried into action as buildings, livestock and wildlife were decimated by the artificial lifeforms in their hunger to find niches in our world. However, the Reichians’ incompetence was manifest. Not only did their time travelling lead to failure, but their clean-up operation did too. 
‘Unaware that most of the Software escaped to the far reaches of the outer atmosphere, they closed the operation down when the terrestrial escapees were captured. They believed the remainder would perish, failing to survive in a hostile natural world. But not so. Not so at all. In fact, little known or even guessed, the Software’s medium was the air itself. And, worst of all, it had learned to breed. And breed it did. Above their heads and in perfect, boundless liberty.
‘Arrogance becomes the puritan, and believing they had dealt with one problem, they quickly turned to another. The very objective of their campaign. To cleanse the human race of its supposed impurities. The fragility of the time tunnel did not deter them. Blithely they sent an invasion force through, to create havoc in our History. Goodness knows what methods they used, but whole races of people simply vanished before our eyes. They devastated countries all across our world. So integrated were we with mixed races, we all lost family and friends. In our timeline, we were allowed to remember them. And we missed them dearly.
‘Alas, due to their unfathomable incompetence, not only did they fail to clean up the escaping Software, but their cleansing campaign was nowhere near completed. The Invasion of Time was not tool enough for them. So, they resorted to the old-fashioned style of genocide. Classification, segregation, relocation, and then, ultimately, liquidation. No one was safe. 
‘To be white and healthy wasn’t enough for their insane lust for tyranny. They had to filter the gene pool also. How they decided the gradations of ‘goodness’ we do not know. But, whether we may or may not have fitted within their parameters, we did not wait to find out. Instead we fled from the upper cities and came down here.
‘Here we were safe. For some reason, the Collection Troopers did not enter these depths to find us. Perhaps they were arrogant enough to assume only the realm of the senses was the entire world and nothing could exist anywhere else. (They thought this much with the Software.) Or, maybe they thought of us so-called ‘inferiors’ living beneath them was befitting to their delusion. We neither knew nor cared. All that mattered to us was that we were alive.
‘Our scouts and secret networks reported complete success in the Reichian’s campaign. And thus closure. It was very much then as you see it now. Only the charms clasped to their DNA are a new feature. And here comes an irony for you. Or does ‘irony’ mean there is no good god to watch over us?’
‘How do you mean?’ I asked, still wondering what part I played in all of this.
‘The Outbreak wiped out natural life on Earth. After years of breeding and multiplying in the outer atmosphere, there came the inevitable downpour. Too heavy for the sky, they had to break free. When the storm came it was apocalyptic. Quite literally. No life was safe. All life, except, for some reason, human beings. It’s the only thing keeping those idiots alive,’ said the Scientist, and curiously looked at me in a moment of pausing. ‘Every plant, every animal, every fungi, algae, virus, protozoa and bacteria lost the fight for space. In fact, it’s still going on, but the outcome is always the same. The more complex the organism, the more complex the artificial challenger, until eventually where there used to be a tiger, there is now a synthetic hybrid of Software prowling the jungles. Or what used to be jungles. It has all changed. Where there used to be grass, there is now a variety of data-block. Just like your little friend there.
‘As for the irony. The only upside to the Skyfall Invasion is that all harmful viruses and bacteria lost their footing and now the air is very clear and clean indeed. Reichian clean, in fact. And, if the air wasn’t so bereft of natural life, the Reichians, with their critically reduced immune systems, would soon be wiped out, along with all the tigers. The Outbreak, which they accidentally created, has resulted in accidentally keeping them alive. Irony, you see?’
‘I suppose so,’ I said, still wondering where I fitted in. ‘But, where do I come into all this?’ I had to ask.
‘More to the point, Stanley Jefferson,’ replied the Scientist, ‘where do we come into all this?’
He gazed right into me, like a friendly ghost. A hairy ghost at that. His bushy beard and long locks drooping over his features like loose curtains. They failed to hide his warmth and kindness. He was an impossible man to dislike once you saw beyond his barbaric appearance, once you had chance to see through his curtains. He was a giant Viking usually hidden by a helmet and guarded by a sledgehammer. But he had lost these icons of a proud age, and his face was close enough in the shadows to see beyond his hairy ruggedness. A kind man in a savage body. I had a feeling he was about to tell me why this was so.
‘I have not always been a barbarian, my friend,’ he continued. ‘Once, I was exactly like you, albeit nine or ten generations down the line. I had your smaller physique, your defenceless frame and your clean-shaven cheeky face. I also had your intelligence, and, I dare say, your clumsiness. And, for better or for worse, these are two of your qualities I still have. I retained your will and need to be a scientist. I also, however, developed the aptitude to become one. If it weren’t for your handicap, Stanley, you would have made an excellent man of science and teaching. I am sorry for your loss.’
This deeply moved me. It was both sentimental and exposing and made me feel uncomfortable. I didn’t enjoy being reminded of my handicap. But it’s probably obvious to anyone looking back on a life where the faults lay. Especially for my future self looking back on my life. 
I gave a ‘hum’ to acknowledge his words, but also to urge him along. So he gracefully did.
‘I fled with the best of them, Stanley. Many of my learned nobility were caught in the crossfire of cultural elimination. We felt the survivor’s shame, and we thought all was lost for us. We stayed alive by farming our own vegetables and livestock, which was manageable, but when the Skyfall finally infiltrated our Underworld too, we had nothing left to eat. So we had to rely on pillaging from the upper levels.’
‘You were like Vikings,’ I added.
‘Yes. But we didn’t do any raping!’ laughed the Scientist. ‘And we didn’t dress like them either. That would come later.
‘The years became so desperate we nearly perished. The Reichians hadn’t needed to lift a finger against us. They had done enough. And, if it wasn’t for the Visitation, we would most surely have died.’
‘A visitation?’ asked Michelle. ‘By who?’
The red lady answered, ‘The Ambassador came to us too. And gave us the same gifts as they had given to the 20th Centurions.’
‘Yes,’ said the Scientist, evidently happy for another to share the storytelling rights. ‘The same gift of a time machine, but with the capability to travel backwards, and for a very good reason, Stanley. We gave them the assurance we would put their technology to better use, and they gave us a different instruction manual. But on condition we carry out an errand for them.’
Then he looked directly into me. With the same warmth as his curtains would allow, but with the additional sheen of a guardian who cared greatly for his charge. I think he meant me.
‘An errand?’ I asked, a little unsure of myself, more than usual, I dare say.
‘Yes, Stanley. This is where you come in.’
Chapter Twenty
I gulped so loud, it was audible above the flickering torches.
‘Me?’
‘You, my friend,’ he said. ‘You are perfectly safe now. I have finally fulfilled the Ambassador’s errand. The errand of course, to rescue you.’
‘But, how-?’
I turned to Michelle for some support. But all I met was a downturned head. She knew what this was all about. She had been briefed by an evil man.
‘Please let me explain, Stanley,’ he said again. ‘Time is a difficult concept. So hard to find a starting point. But, it began for you when the Ambassador left us with our gift.’
‘The time machine.’
‘Yes.’
‘Oh, okay. Erm, ready.’
‘We were given the same gift. But such were the conditions of our laboratory, we had inferior materials to work with. We did not have the backing of a government, or a budget to meet the demands of this premadonna.’ He motioned to the thing behind him. ‘As it was, our ‘gift’ had a leak. And its leakage was time decay.’
‘Georgian Longue said something about that. It radiates backwards through Time.’
‘Yes, that is right. Whoever is exposed, only his past generations feel the effects. And you, Stanley. You, The Original. Feel it the most.’
‘But I feel fine.’
‘You have a latent power. It is resting, that is all. But should you stand too close to a time hole, you become one with the fabric of space/time. You cease to be a man. And become a gateway. That is the purpose Georgian Longue had for you. Neither his government, nor our Underworld, have provided an infrastructure strong and flexible enough to contain a timehole. Whatever we build, it falls apart, causing untold disasters.’
‘Like the Outbreak?’
‘Like the Outbreak. With your sacrifice there would have been no Outbreak. No ecological disaster to end our natural world. But, with you also, billions of people from our past would have been wiped out instead. A complete eradication instead of a partial one, and even we survivors down here would not exist anymore. That is why the Reichians needed you. To travel into the past and eliminate History completely. The Gentle Ageians could not allow this. So they gave us the means to rescue you.’
‘And you are rescued, Stanley.’ It was Michelle. ‘You are very safe here. You needn’t worry about a thing anymore. As long as you stay here.’
This was a lot to take in. But he was right. Michelle too. During my last moments in the hands of Georgian Longue, manacled to a timehole, I saw my body transform into a multi-dimensional figment of light and matter. That’s what that man wanted me for. As a gateway to the past. A cog in the machinery of his tyranny. I was in the process of losing my human form and becoming a portal for his army to pass through. That is, until the Vikings came to rescue me. Crikey. Who’d have thought it?
Thankfully, the Ambassador of the Gentle Age had intervened, again, giving the people of the Underworld the chance to save me and, hopefully, all races and histories. Their way of apology, I suppose. The rescue was a success. I was still alive and, I hoped, so was some remnant of History. 
Just as well I was sitting down to take all this in. You could have knocked me over with a feather. 
Although, looking at my future self, the Scientist, the origin of my unusual power, something still needed to be answered.
‘But why are you a Viking? Why are we in a cave? I thought the radiation wasn’t supposed to affect you.’
‘Ah,’ said the fellow, suddenly uncomfortable and perceptibly embarrassed. ‘That’s another story. Hum.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘Well, you know how I inherited your intelligence?’
‘Yes.’
‘And your clumsiness?’
‘Yes,’ I answered, a little more shrewdly.
‘Therein lies the explanation.’ He paused.
‘How do you mean? What did you do?’
‘Nothing major,’ he struggled to say. ‘After all, I didn’t kill anyone.’
‘Then, what did you do?’
‘Time, you see, Stanley, is a temperamental creature. Notoriously unstable. It’s not easy to control.’
‘What did you do? Come on, out with it.’
‘I was unused to the parameters of care and control, that’s all. I pulled a few too many switches.’
‘I’m sorry?’ I asked, Michelle leaned into me, keen to know what my great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great grandson had done too. I felt stronger to her all of a sudden. Her sorry forgotten, by the both of us. 
‘What did you do, Stanley Snr?’ she asked.
‘Well,’ he began, uncomfortably, ‘we were all set for the off. Our mission, myself and ten of our finest soldiers, were ready to enter the timehole. It would transport us back to 2278, at the very moment you were to be absorbed as the gateway. We stood here, fully armed and awaiting the red light, when,’ he paused again, falteringly so.
‘When?’ we both urged.
‘I suppose you could say I overegged the pudding. Or overamped it. Zigma energy is notoriously unstable.’ Then he said, ‘I overcharged the portal release. Time, rather than letting us through, shot through us. It sucked us backwards within ourselves. The ripple effect was terrific. It not only passed through our ancestral timelines, but through the whole of the Underworld. 
‘It must have been a magnificent sight and spectacle, but I wouldn’t know. I was knocked unconscious. We all were, standing so close to this damn thing. When we woke up, we found ourselves in this cave. We also found ourselves in our outfits belonging to our ancestors. Not only had our DNA felt the blast, but every material had suffered the same fate. Our rifles had become hammers and axes, our shoes – sandals; our uniforms – hemp and knots, and so on. My laboratory was turned into a cave!’ He seemed quite upset by this, more than anything else. A scientist loves his home of study.
To be honest, I couldn’t help but find the funny side to this. Michelle too. We started to snigger, muffling our snorts by holding tighter to each other, Michelle in my tunic, me in her hair. But it wasn’t enough. We were losing control. 
‘It’s not funny!’ snapped Stanley Snr. ‘We woke up on the floor. A wave of Zigma radiation had thrown us on our backs, knocking us flat out. But it didn’t stop in here. It permeated every material for miles. Anything in its path, rock, cloth, anything, was instantly soaked by temporal influence and reverted in time to an ancient version.’
‘It must have been beautiful,’ I concurred, trying not to giggle. The relief of tension also shared by our two new friends bearing torches.
‘Yes, I was sorry to miss it. Buildings turned to clay and straw, poodles turned to wolves, cats to, erm, cats, books to scrolls, my laboratory to a cave. And so on. Imagine a wave in the sea rippling from an epicentre and spreading everywhere until it reached the shore, and you can imagine the timewave washing everything in its path, like a magician’s wand. It must have been beautiful, Stanley. You are right. An amazing spectacle, of tremendous significance, and I slept all the way through it.’
At this point, the Scientist allowed himself a small smile too.
‘Of course!’ he exclaimed in mid-flow, ‘the time wave had one fortunate side effect.’
‘What was that?’
‘It nullified the invading Software. Reduced it all to total inertia. You saw it yourself lying around like old dust. It gave us a freedom of sorts.’
‘How do you mean?’
‘I mean, the air became dirty again. We need dirt in our lives, Stanley. Our immune systems depend on it to stay strong. Too clean a life only leads to ill health. A small blessing from yet another disaster with time. It’s meant we have stayed alive and strong down here. Ready to fight another day.’
‘Yes, I suppose so. There’s always a silver lining,’ I added, warmed by this lovely man’s honesty and outlook on a hard life, but not quite agreeing it was much of a blessing.
‘What happened after the wave passed?’ asked Michelle, as warm as me. I swear I could feel her empathy inside me.
‘Well we picked up the pieces. And ourselves. Our mission hadn’t changed and, strangely, neither had our consciousness nor our education. We were still the same people. We just dressed and lived akin to our ancestors. We just didn’t think like them. Curious really. 
‘We had many village meetings, and agreed that, despite the colossal overhaul in our lives, (yes another one!) the show and the mission had to go on. So, while our people coped as best they could, we, the warriors, ahem, continued with our side of things. I recalibrated this time machine travesty, did a few tests myself, and then we carried on with the main mission. And that’s when we finally found you.’
‘In the nick of time!’ stated Michelle, almost cross they had cut the rescue so close to the end.
‘Yes. I do apologise for our late arrival.’
‘No, no, that’s fine,’ I said. ‘I’m glad you could make it.’
‘Yes, thank you.’
‘It’s turned out fine in the end,’ I added, as an alleviator.
Michelle concurred. ‘Yes it has,’ she smiled reluctantly. ’As long as you’re happy?’ 
‘Yes. Very.’ I gave her a little kiss, glad, so glad, we had made it this far together. ‘Thank you, Stanley Snr,’ I also said, and shook his hand so very firmly.
‘So what do we do now?’ asked Michelle.
‘That’s simple,’ said the Scientist. ‘We do what all good people do with our health and our fortunes to be grateful for. We get on with it!’
Chapter Twenty One
And get on with it we did. Our new life would begin touring the history-channelled society. But first we had to illuminate the walk with a bit of magic. Here, my latent power came in handy. For a good purpose, I might add. And even though we didn’t know what the thing was exactly, the Underworlders were very impressed with our brilliant outcome. 
‘On your feet, everyone,’ said the Scientist, the first to get off the stone-rugged floor.
We all jumped up like excited children on a Christmas lecture. Then my future relation asked me to place my hands in the centre of our circle, palms upward. As I did so, he handed timehole cables to the others and asked them to touch the open ends to my hands.
‘Trust me,’ said my guardian, ‘I’m sure I know what I’m doing. I assure you, Stanley, this won’t hurt a bit. Although, it might tickle.’
Well, yes it did tickle! Had me laughing like an idiot too. But it didn’t matter because I wasn’t alone. Laughter is highly contagious. 
The Scientist was a wonderful magician. The Underworlders had every reason to celebrate his return. His hands full of gizmo’s he stretched over and kicked the console with his foot, jumping the Gentle technology into humming activity. The cables jigged into life. A very pleasant vibration buzzed in the cave. I felt the heat of time radiation passing through and warm my hands, and then we watched me transform. I had witnessed this before, but in a less friendly century, and when I was set to lose my entire body. This time though, only my hands came apart. 
From my sparkling palms, lightmatter flew upwards like a fountain. It lit up the cave, swallowing the shadows and dowsing the torches with a wind of energy that filled our lungs. I looked up to see where the light was going and it had found a hole in the roof, channelling outwards into the Underworld.
Branches of gold stemmed up my arms like leaks from my bubbly wrists and I wondered what kind of light was being released into the darkness outside. It must have been fantastic. All the people so used to the dark underbelly of a towering civilisation, all crowding round the Scientist’s cave to await his magical medicine, must have had to shield their eyes. But I’m sure they risked peaking, like I once did, as their world transformed. I expect their delight was mixed with fear too. This wasn’t simply daylight breaking their day. This was a kindly firework exploding in their lives and filling every corner of darkness with golden fire.
And all the time I laughed as my hands tickled with the brilliant flow of power from the Gentle technology, through the timehole into me and out into the Underworld like rain from a chimney.
Did all this come from me? It was like sitting at a piano and playing like Mozart without learning a single note. This wasn’t just a power, it was a talent. And it was doing so much good for everyone. I felt wonderful as the golden tickles tickled me from head to foot in every corner of my time-tainted DNA. I don’t think the others could help themselves either with my wholly liberal laughter. The infection made me laugh even more. And I looked at my fountain pouring out of my hands, endlessly and without pause, feeding off the black hole’s infinity, channelling through the cables all the blends of energy and electrons like a surging sea. 
No pain at all, only delight. And I thought, crikey, something as wonderful as this, and there was someone like Georgian Longue who wanted to misuse it for evil gain. I could only look to the good, kind Scientist, with my eyes and my genes and I hopefully expressed all my soul with a deep and long contact of thanks. I think he understood. He had my eyes after all!
Reluctantly, he pushed his foot against another lever, and the dazzling brimming fire came to an end.
‘Best not to alert the Reichians of our survival,’ he said. ‘It is a heavy energy form. It should stay with us down here. But we mustn’t stand too tall with people like that.’
I expected the room to fall into darkness again now the fountain was switched off, but it didn’t. It faded slightly from its initial white light intensity, but it remained glowing as a yellow luminescence. Not just on the walls like bio-fluorescence, but in the particles of dust between us. The air really had turned golden. And I didn’t know how we’d done it. 
My hands were normal in an instant. I rubbed them together and saw no marks, no burns or holes in them and wondered at its painlessness. How nice, I thought. How gentle ha ha.
Then Michelle dropped her cable and gave me the biggest hug of my life. Squeezing me so hard, she squeezed the air out of me.
‘Oh, Stanley!’ she exclaimed, tears down her cheeks, love and light in her eyes so close to mine. ‘I love you. You are such a beautiful man. I always knew you would be someone loving and kind, and this just shows the making of you.’
‘Thank you,’ I said, muffled in her arms, and overwhelmed by the greatness of her belief in me. ‘I don’t know how I did it, but I’m glad I did do it. Believe me.’
‘I do,’ she said, and kissed me again. I’m sure some sparkle of gold flew between our mouths, but perhaps that was just my imagination. And, by golly, she was beautiful too in the golden glow of the cave. I’ll never forget how beautiful she was.
‘Now, Stanley,’ said the Scientist, a little cough to attract our attention. ‘Let me show you exactly what you have done for all the good people.’
We followed him out of the cavern, walking through the lighted stone corridor and past the cave paintings, now perfectly visible and twinkling with the shared magic of illumination. You’d have expected stick men chasing after bison and deer with bows and arrows, but instead it displayed Vikings in horned helmets, a black hole, a volcano, the death of the world, the Reichians as kings, the spartans as the Underworlders, and, once upon a time, a place of peace and harmony, a long time ago, or was it a long time ahead of us? I couldn’t tell. 
‘C’mon, Stanley.’
Out into the Underworld we stepped and suddenly we were not alone. Great gatherings of people surrounded us, around every corner of the rockface and down every path and cobbled roadway. Every house was emptied to see the spectacle, and now they stood in their crowds jumping for a view, small ones on shoulders craning back to see the change to their heavens. They had hushed as soon as we’d stepped towards them from the cave mouth, but then that moment of stillness quickly erupted into cheers and loud hoots of joy and excitement. 
They raised their headgear and warmed their hands with furious applause. They exulted with torrents of praise and bravo’s and it never seemed to have an end. The Scientist urged us to walk through them, to greet the grateful, and so handshakes and backslaps abounded.
In the new light of their world, under a heaven now shiny and sparkly, I could see them all more clearly. They weren’t just Vikings. Dozens of different races smiled their wonder at me. Time’s radiation had reverted each bearer of a specific race back to their roots of thousands of years ago. Their clothes also affected. Samurais bowed low, enormous Basques crushed my hands, Celts cheered at me like cricketers winning a match with a six, the French, the Gauls! gave me hugs and kisses, Native Americans, Africans, Asians, Germans, Russians, all sorts of people all in tight bundles all friends and none enemies or bad neighbours all did their best to reach out to me, and at least say thanks if they were too far away in the happy melee to physically pass their gratitude to me and Michelle. We shared the rewards and felt like a royal couple on a wedding day in an age when everyone loved royalty.
We walked through the throngs, not really knowing where we were heading, simply following the flow and sailing on its crest. Everyone it seemed wanted to at least give us a token of a smile or a handshake or a touch on our heads or arms, and the procession was long and colourful, the defined races with their individual patchwork colours mixing like a quilted crowd. 
Then we came across steps of granite and the crowds respectfully thinned as we gazed up to see the Scientist looking down on us. He was waiting for us on what appeared to be a raised square as part of a market meeting place. A place for town-crier newsrounds.
‘Come up, my friends,’ he beckoned, and we were helped up the steps by many hands, and soon we were by his side in full view of the entire population of the most wonderfully diverse people I had ever seen in my life. 
More than fancy dress, these were members of our history books. Every page represented by proud people in their proudest clothes and ornaments. And they weren’t in separated groups as you’d expect from troubled, angry neighbours. They were mixed. The Basques with the Gauls, the Russians with the Germans, the Samurai with the Zulu, and so on. It was a beautiful sight to behold and to be a part of, even more than the bronzed, shiny ‘heavens’ above us. A strange, matted rooftop that I’m sure the Scientist had an explanation for. I didn’t! Sorry.
He did have a lot to say, however, and with his palms raised to show friendship and announcement, he hushed everyone for his great speech. But it wasn’t about the roof. It was about us. All of us. 
Chapter Twenty Two
While the Viking, the Scientist, even the Teacher, gave his great speech, I never took my eyes off the people. They weren’t that many really, less than a thousand I’d say. The cost of a successful cleansing campaign. But they were all beautiful, all unique, and all proud. And they were all looking at us. Sometimes me, sometimes Michelle, but mostly at the great man, standing apart and to the front a little to give his arms room to expand on his words. A man I could nearly call ‘son’, even though he was older than me, and separated by centuries of time and generations. I felt the connection between those distances. And wondered if he felt the same about me.
He had no difficulty in addressing the huge stretch of people across the central park. He had a massive set of lungs and a casual voice that carried so easily to the farthest ears. I’m sure he didn’t inherit that strength of bellows from me. But he must have done. While I’m a weedy, skinny man [I’m afraid to say], I must have inherited the trait from my ancestors. Passed through generations, [and bypassing me!] those genes were now unlocked in Stanley Snr by the incredible gift of time radiation. I never knew I had it in me, but here was the proof standing tall, for all the good and strong people to see and hear.
I expect they were all like that. Every one of them an expression of a stronger past. Fighting, hunting, tribal skills hidden over generations of non-use when fighting wasn’t called upon, when hygiene and food came in sprays and tins, and nothing need be worked or hunted for. All the ability to do it for ourselves had been taken away by an expanding, safety-conscious, ultra-hygienic civilisation that could do it for you. Misuse had taken away our teeth, but our genes, our glorious genes, had retained the memory of a more active and dangerous society. Gone but never deleted. 
And now here they were again. Thousands of years of hiding under civil behaviours and barriers now released by a time hole spilling its history into people like us, letting us go, taking us back to an age when we were colour and strength. And vital and alive. 
We were bad neighbours in those days. We were still children. But something else had changed inside these people. Now they were pressed as one crowd. There was no fighting and no squabbling for space and leverage. They didn’t mind the tight squeeze, and they weren’t at all bothered by who squashed against whom. Something inside had definitely changed. They had the fight of their ancestors, evident in their clothing and their bones, but they also retained the maturity of learning that peace and hindsight brings to everyone, eventually. Evident, so evident, in their harmonious crush in a multi-coloured, multi-cultural, multi-gendered crowd.
I didn’t know how they had created this change, but the people of all our futures, the people from the Gentle Age had created something wonderful to further our survival. And we owed them our thanks.
I do beg your pardon, but while all this had occurred to me, I hadn’t paid the blindest bit of notice to the giant speech my son of ten generations had been giving. My attention span is appalling and I am so sorry I didn’t record in memory his speech, but I felt I was having one of my own. Of course, I realise that wouldn’t be enough for you, patient listener, so I must double my efforts and start recalling the remainder of the speech that sealed us all together. Not that I think we needed it. From what I could see, this was the very element to the people of the Underworld that could go without prompting. 
It was a curious thing to witness. Thousands and thousands of years of growing up and fighting ourselves, until finally we made it. But in such small numbers. We were like Spartans who had finally won the ultimate fight against the bigger army that could never learn. [No, the Spartans weren’t here as well. At least, I couldn’t see them!] It was indeed a touching moment to have this as part of my life, our life. 
But the cost of finding this out. How many people had to die before we discovered this truth? Is this what Nature is really like? Is everything in Nature’s beauty a result of colossal loss? Is it the same for humans as it is for all plant and animal life, and we just have the good sense to be aware of it? Is Nature the cruellest selector? And is everything that survives Nature, every beautiful flower, ant, tree, and horse, the final product, the result, the tried and tested result? A tough and hardy survivor, but at huge cost?
Here we were, the tried and tested survivors, little knowing that Nature tested us with members of our own species. Not a fly outwitting a spider, or a wild pig surviving a tiger, adapting through time’s natural process of selection, but people outwitting, surviving, fleeing, ready to fight another day, other people. Who’d have thought that was Nature’s plan for us?
And here we were. We small band of colours and races. We’d done it! We had learned to live with each other, we had survived other people, and evaded the evils of the mass Reichians living above us. This had been our test with Nature. They had failed. And we were the ones who had passed the test. We were the ones who had made it!
The applause from the crowd was thunderous. They roared and roared and cheered fabulous approval to the Scientist, to Michelle, and to me. It was only then that I realised I hadn’t even listened to the rest of the Scientist’s speech either! Even after I said I would. [Sorry again.] But I had a feeling I’d made a speech of my own. And, I couldn’t help wondering, wasn’t this the speech my son of the future, with the same genes, inheritance and character, would have made also? Perhaps he did. But I’ll never know. My mind had been elsewhere.
The Teacher, the Unifier, raised his hand for a moment of quiet. When the crowd ceased from cheering and applauding, he raised his other hand too. But it wasn’t empty. Not this time. Not an open palm to show peace, but a fist. Not for fighting though, for something else. You could tell by his face. He had that warm eureka about him. As if a final solution had come to him after a long and puzzling time. And, knowing who the Scientist is, you knew it would be for something good. Something very good, judging by his smile. 
Although, what he held puzzled us all. It was the dead strand of software he’d picked up earlier. But he wasn’t fazed, not anymore, so why should we be?
It looked like a tangle of web, but it was made from millions of computer commands that had escaped during the Outbreak. And here it was, in his hand, having fallen in the computer dead zone known as the Underworld, lying inert for years and years until the Scientist had picked it up at random and popped it into his pocket in a moment of foresight. And now the time had come to show us why.
‘Just bear with me for a second or two, everyone,’ he said. ‘I have a little notion to put to the test. I have a feeling we need never worry about feeding ourselves again, nor worry where the next pair of socks is coming from. I believe,’ he said, sticking his finger into its mass and having a tweak here and there, ‘that there is a silver lining in every cloud. I don’t believe,’ he said, using an electric pencil to tweak a little bit more with the odd electric ping and ting shooting through the fibre, ‘that the Outbreak of 2278 was either a disaster to befall our world, or the ending of all things good. I do believe,’ he said, giving a final stab to the tail of the coil, ‘that the Eco-Outbreak may just have saved our lives.’
The final electric impulse passed from one end to the shivering next and the coil suddenly flared into light. The thing wasn’t dead after all!
Everyone gasped. We didn’t know if this would be another fireworks display to change our lives again, or just a magic trick to entertain us. But we trusted the Scientist wholly. We were sure it was something more than just entertainment. We just didn’t know what.
The Scientist, forever a man of mystery and surprises, [even to me], then made the entire Underworld gasp in astonishment, again. First he said,
‘I believe, my friends, the Gentle Ageians have not only given us a new future with their technology and time travel. I believe they have also given us...’
And then! he bit into the glowing computer stream. He put the rope in his mouth and ground his teeth into it. Then he pulled a piece off and started to chew.
‘Hang on a tic,’ he said, with his mouth full.
We stood and watched him, our mouths open and wondering what on Earth he thought he was doing. He chewed harder on tougher strands, and grimaced as he chewed some more. Then he swallowed the lot. It was a difficult gulp. We know this because we saw his neck bulge and his head and eyebrows rise in the struggle. But it went down all the same, and the Scientist was left gasping. Like the rest of us really.
‘Hm,’ he finally said. ‘A bit tart. Didn’t expect that. Tough on the teeth too. But I’m sure we can solve that in no time.’
‘Is that so?’ I asked.
‘Yes,’ he said, finishing off the tiny morsels still left in his mouth. He peered around him and saw the same look on everyone’s startled faces. ‘Oh I do beg your pardon.’ I think the chewing had taken it out of him. ‘I should have explained. The Software can be reformed. As long as we know how to reprogram its basic structure, it can be anything we want it to be. It can be food.’
‘Or even socks,’ added Michelle.
‘Yes,’ smiled the Scientist, slightly green from his experiment. ‘Anything at all.’
‘Are you all right?’ I asked, and Michelle wanted to ask too.
‘Yes, I’m quite fine thank you.’ He coughed and we could hear the shuffling of feet in the crowd. It was time to move on. ‘But as you can see, and perhaps I could have been a tad more convincing, the Software that appears to be dead around us, can and shall be brought back to life, or, at least, brought back to have some form of use for us. Including food, and erm socks, and practically anything we want it to be. I promise I shall make it more palatable for you. I also promise to show you how to reprogram the Software to your own use. Believe me,’ said our dear Scientist and Teacher, starting to look quite ill from his demonstration, ‘I will help you in every way I can.’
He started to cough, then Michelle and me helped him off the platform, as he appeared to look more ill than someone who had just eaten a piece of plastic or cobweb.
‘Oh dear,’ he said. ‘I may have overdone it a little. That’s my trouble you see, Stanley. Too cocky when I’m on top. Should have rehearsed it first. You’re the same though, Stanley old son,’ he visibly weakened. ‘Just you be careful. It could be the undoing of you. Just...be...careful...’
And with that, he fell into a fever. It was days before he was back on his feet.
Chapter Twenty Three
And what days were those. Of course, we starved like everyone else. We refused anything more than our fair share. We wanted to be one of the people. Which meant being very hungry. Nobody knew what the Scientist had done to make the Software stream edible, [not that it was edible, it nearly killed him!], so we decided to leave it to him. After all, we didn’t want anyone else poisoned. It just meant we were short of food for a while. Surprisingly, it didn’t matter that much to me and Michelle. We were mostly distracted from hunger, because these were the days of our lives.
We made a lot of friends during our stay here. It’s the traveller’s prerogative. We made so many in fact that we couldn’t remember everyone’s name. But whoever we did meet, Michelle could assure me they were all good and honest. They were just the kind of chaps you would want to meet, not just for travelling, for staying put too. And the first friends we made were the first two people we had met. The torch bearers.
Not surprisingly, they were lovely people. They all were. The petite girl with red hair was Alex, and she was nothing like the caricatured hot-head you might expect from a red-head. She might have been a few thousand years ago, or even in my original time, [I certainly had a girlfriend like that once!], but not now. Not after a time wave had washed the genes of everyone living here. I saw the potential for an outburst on occasion, [like when she singed her hair on the torch, or when she stubbed her toe on my doorstep, oh no, that was my ex-girlfriend], and it made me recall some undesirable people in my life. But I felt safe with Alex, as if she’d been there too and had no intention of going back either. 
I wasn’t alone. Which is exactly how I felt being here. I wasn’t alone.
I had a good mate in the other torch bearer too. David. He was half a foot taller, [and wider], than me. Sometimes you meet someone who you know is a friend, a rock you can depend on, who makes you feel safe, and who fortunately finds me funny and nice to know. So we were cool. He also had immense strength and physical skill and balance, but he never seemed to have an urge to express himself this way. A gentle giant and a friend.
And why were they chosen to act as guardians to the Scientist? Because they were students of science and medicine. They had access to books on digital tablets from an underground vault even beneath the Underworld. The Scientist, Mr Stanley Snr, would tell us they’d discovered a library of books during their evacuation, and he and his colleagues had rescued them from the Reichian’s attention. No doubt any information contrary to their belief system would have been cleansed. But, thanks to those of learning and foresight, Alex and David had full access to them now. They’d been part of the training school to keep the dusty tablets from eroding by lack of use, and so they fed their brains with the multitudes of manuscripts and journals of the Old Time Knowledge. It was quite sufficient too. I think they knew enough in those days to survive. They’d just made a mistake in who to trust. We’ve all done that.
There were lots of students since Stanley Snr had left. Alex and David were the best of their generation. So they were privileged to stand-by and be close to the great man for whenever he needed anything. For the first few days of our arrival, he needed nurses. And there they were, nurses, on top of everything else. 
Me and Michelle were treated with the utmost respect and care, as if we would shatter at the slightest knock. It was a bit infuriating at times, especially for streetwise, independent Michelle, [putting up with me, was enough!], but living together requires a happy compromise, and it was something we learned to do quite easily. 
They gave us our own place, which was nice. Accommodation was not a problem in these hard times, so we had our very own living quarters. Okay, it was a hut. It may well have been a proper house once, but the time wave had seen to that, and now it was a hut. It was only made of straw, clay and boulders, but it was still a home to us, and it was warm and cosy, [especially with Michelle there]. 
But there was a small dilemma. It only had one bed! Me and Michelle, as much in love as we were, had really only just met. We needed time to get to know each other before we could think about sharing the same covers. When we walked into our dream palace, we were taken aback slightly by the sight of a single bed. It’s not that we were a very old-fashioned English couple, we weren’t. It’s just that I’m very shy, particularly in this department! and I needed time to feel safe in the bedroom in Michelle’s company. Michelle, of course, understood this instinctively, so it wasn’t an issue for us. It just meant I got the sofa. Or what used to be the sofa. And Michelle got the bed. So we didn’t have a problem.
In fact, we didn’t have any problems anywhere. It was pure bliss living where we did and when we did. I never knew a life like this could exist for me. Such was my happiness I had to convince myself time and time again that I wasn’t dreaming. I couldn’t have been. Dreams don’t have this much detail or even last this long. I’ve had vivid and long-lasting dreams before where I would forget I was dreaming, but always, without exception, I would wake up in the morning and go to work. This life was dreamlike certainly, but it had lasted way more than a normal dream could do. I couldn’t be dreaming. I’d have woken up by now. Unless I was in a coma. 
Could that be it? I was in a coma. Yes, it would explain the duration of paradise I’d found myself in. Perhaps I’d banged my head at some point earlier in the story....maybe I fell when we climbed down the city, maybe I am trapped inside the black hole and never did escape, or maybe, even worse, I fell into a coma while sitting in the coffee shop, and worse worse worse, I never even met Michelle! 
This terrified me, I can tell you. Quite often in our heaven here, I had to ask Michelle if this was all real and not just some fabulous fantasy. She would always console me with a smile, a kiss and a hug and reassure me that this was indeed all real. 
So I could relax awhile, still scared a little that she might be wrong. 
Quite often she would find me in deep and pensive thought, trying to figure out if I had banged my head at one point, and when that point in time could have been. I’m relieved to say, she found it all charming. But isn’t being laughed at a deep-rooted fear expressed in dreams? Oh dear. Perhaps I was just being silly. Michelle certainly thought I was. So I let that be enough for me too. Eventually I learned to put my entire trust into her, the woman I loved with all my heart, and stopped worrying.
When I look back now, I realise I wasted a lot of my heavenly time with Michelle on unnecessary and stupid worry like that. As it turned out, it wasn’t a dream after all. It was heaven. And I should have loved it more when I had it. One of the biggest regrets of my life...

Still, our days of happiness went on, passing by one after the other. No track of time in my mind, no reason to want for anything. No reason to want to be anywhere else but here, [providing it was real!] And we had the time of our life together.
Meeting new people was always a thrill for me. And these people were exceptional. They never judged, only respected. And, if there was anything about me they didn’t like, they were nice enough not to let me know. I was the weakest new entry to their world, but I always put my best foot forward in all the tasks expected of everyone, even if I couldn’t lift or push or pull the heaviest jobs. Any of the guys nearby were always happy to lend a shoulder, and were always polite enough to keep their sighs hidden behind their beards and tashes. [Everybody was hairy here for some reason.] But they had a nice philosophy - not everyone has the same strengths and weaknesses, and if we did we’d be like the tyrants above us. As long as our strengths were strong and weaknesses covered by good neighbours we had a very healthy society. It didn’t matter I didn’t have all the attributes of a Gaul or a Basquian. I was Stanley Jnr and I’d already made my contribution. For this, they’d granted me life membership. It was my choice to help out day to day. But you didn’t have to, Stanley. You really didn’t have to. So they kept telling me. But I wouldn’t listen. I felt I had to do something to pay for my stay. I didn’t feel as if I’d done anything to earn my stay there at all. Michelle said she found this quite endearing. And I didn’t know what I’d done to deserve that either! Such was Stanley Jnr.
You may be wondering who these people are. You probably want to know a little more about them, which is fair enough. So here goes. I’ll start with our next door neighbours. 
To the side of us lived Gauls. As tashed and bearded as the Goscinny/Uderzo variety. And that was just the women! Sorry, bad joke. But Uderzo wasn’t far off, except that they didn’t look like cartoons, and I thought they probably wouldn’t know who Asterix was. But, when I asked them, I was surprised to learn that they did! He was one of the many literature/cartoon treasures that had survived down in the vaults. He was quite a hero to them apparently. And they loved Obelix, because he loved food. They loved him because these Gauls, the real Gauls, loved their food too. They were cooks and proud of it.
However, you can’t be a cook without ingredients. Living in the Underworld all these years with sparing supplies, usually dependent on city raids, was very frustrating for a people who loved to express their souls in the kitchen. Sadly, they rarely had anything to cook with. But! rather than forget their art and recipes, they were like the scientists and other people of learning down here. They passed their knowledge down from one generation to the next. They were determined to keep their arm in their proudest craft, and knew one day that abundance would come again, and make their efforts all worthwhile.
Well, it did come again. In the shape of the Scientist. At his historic public gathering, the Gauls stood agape as the great man fiddled inside a worthless strand of rubbish, set it alight and then, and then, he put it in his mouth and started to eat it! Mon deu! What was he doing? 
They knew instantly he wasn’t a cook – seeing the colour of his cheeks take on a strange hue. They knew he didn’t know what he was doing – as a scientist, yes, as a cook, no. And that is why he ended up bed-ridden. But the French! Ah yes, the French! We know what to do, monsieur. Their eyes had been opened to the availability of the very abundance they’d been dreaming of. It had been under their feet all this time! Curses. But now, they were dogmatic in making up for the lost years of cookery. Now, Stanley, now we will show you what it is to be a French Masterchef!
The invitation came to us by a knock on the door. We answered it together. It was our first knock on the door. 
Presenting himself to us was little Claude. He was combed and smartened, all his laces re-tied correctly and his felt tunic smoothed and newly polished. The little love was nervous too.
‘Bonjour, Claude,’ greeted Michelle.
‘Hello, young neighbour,’ I said.
‘Monsieur and Mademoiselle,’ he began, his unbroken voice chiming in our hearts. ‘It would be an honour to the Gauls of the Underworld if you would accept our invitation to dine with us this evening.’ He faltered occasionally in his grand and hugely responsible announcement, but we egged him on with all the warmth our smiles could muster. ‘My father has a surprise for you. You would be our guests of honour in our nation’s first banquet for many, many years. Do you accept, sir and lady?’
‘Yes! Yes, we do!’ we answered together.
‘Then please attend our address at 7 o’clock this evening. Thank you, sir and lady.’
‘Thank you!’ we said. I shook his tiny hand, and Michelle kissed his forehead, and he left us feeling very thrilled and warm inside.
‘Oh what a love,’ said Michelle, closing the door and giving me a cuddle.
‘Yes. Does life get much better than this?’ I wondered outloud.
‘I doubt it, Stanley. And, my love,’ she added, looking up at me from my chest, ‘wouldn’t it be lovely if tonight will be the night for us too?’ She cooed a bit. I’m sure she did.
‘The night?’ I asked, naively.
‘Yes, silly. The night. To share our bed.’
‘Oh, that night! Yes,’ I answered, suddenly slightly nervous. ‘Yes, of course. Erm, why not eh?’
‘No reason I can think of.’ And she kissed me, as if passing a promise from her lips to mine.

7 o’clock came very quickly. Well, I’d spent the afternoon with my mind in a fluster, faffing with every item in our house, rearranging cushions and dusting surfaces as all of my nerves got the better of me. I was terribly nervous for two reasons. Firstly because me and my love were attending what felt like a national banquet with all the dignitaries of France eager to meet us, and we two must be at our most diplomatic, most dignified and most representative of our own nation. The pressure was high indeed. But it was yet higher for the second cause of my nervousness – Michelle had a twinkle in her eye. It was quite possible I had no need for the sofa tonight. Oh crikey, I thought. Oh golly crikey. I hoped I wasn’t going to disappoint. Michelle more than anyone. Of course our Gaul neighbours. But Michelle more than them. This could be it, I reasoned. It. And I couldn’t think straight for the rest of the day. 
Anyhow, at 7, we left our modest hut and crossed the lawn to knock on their door. Before my knuckles trembled on their wood, the door swung open, sucking the wind out of the night and causing me to hold Michelle tighter. For her sake, of course. And we gave a dry-mouthed smile to the man before us. He was as proud and cleanly pressed as Asterix himself. He bellowed his joy and beckoned us inside, handshakes abounding.
‘Entre vous, mon amis! Bien venue! Bien venue! We are so pleased to have you with us.’
Before we could express how delighted we were to be invited, he quickly pushed two cups into our hands.
‘Please, my friends, accept our humble residence and hospitality. This is a brew we save for very special occasions. One like this evening. Be very careful, it is a Gaulish beer. Very old recipe. We love it and open a barrel only for cherished guests. Try it now.’
I wasn’t sure what to expect from a cellar where the beer had stood for generations in dust. But it was bad manners not to drink from the wooden cups generously given to us. Amongst bubbles and froth were bits floating and it all seemed quite murky. But I’m sure it would taste delicious. It was French beer. So I plunged in. I mouthed over the surface and swallowed a large gulp of it. Must admit there was something very flavoursome to it, but it came with a kick. As tangy as crab apples, and sour as milk, bitterness consumed my tastebuds. Goodness knows what face I was pulling, but Michelle saw me and discretely stepped on my toe. I squashed my reaction with my pursed mouth, then felt a woosh of flavour and a surprisingly happy after-taste. I also felt suddenly light-headed.
‘Crikey,’ I gasped. ‘That’s something else.’
Michelle had more sense to sip hers, and she disguised her sour reaction without my help. 
‘Yes it is,’ and she coughed politely.
‘I knew you would like it!’ clapped our Gaulish host. ‘There is a friendship in the making. I can see that quite clearly. My name is Frederique. I am chieftain to our clan. I am sure you will meet all the clans during your life here. But, tonight, you will meet ours. An honour indeed to be the first.’
I noticed they didn’t use surnames. I later learned there were so few survivors, there was no need for them. Nobody had the same first name. Made life easier not to have a second. That seemed to be a prevalent attitude here. Anything to make life easier. The more I learned about this place, the more I wanted to stay. 
Introductions came thick and fast [no surnames]. The children up and about were on their most civil behaviour, shaking hands and curtseying. Little Claude was there too, the alpha male in their mini-me clan. 
Into the kitchen we were led, shaking wet hands and noting the increased heat and pots of steam over fiery open stoves. There were masses of bread rolls coming out of ovens and hanging in nets and baskets in the store room that we proceeded through.
Out into the back garden, we were really impressed. This is where the banquet was billed for and the chairs were taken up by hungry men and women we had yet to meet. Couples, groups of old men and widows spanned the long curving table with a lower levelled end-table hurriedly filled by the children running past us.
This was indeed a special occasion as every member was dressed in newly dyed and unwrinkled garments, reds, blues and whites mostly, the expensive purple reserved for Frederique and his wife, Flore, all beautiful like birds in plumage, and all standing to give a round of applause in thanks and welcome. We acknowledged as politely, and humbly, as we could and found our places after much greeting and salutation. I think I had more kisses than Michelle.
The table was laid smartly, each of us having a set array of large and small plates and shiny cutlery. Our cups were refilled by what appeared to be an endless supply of their special beer, [though I’m sure it wasn’t], and everybody cheered a toast before we sipped a little more. I daren’t gulp again – I didn’t want to choke and gag in front of all these proud people. A sip was high proof enough and I quickly felt dizzy anyhoo. Definitely no more gulping. Michelle looked dizzy already.
There were masses of bread in baskets and we were urged to dig in. Everybody did, tearing and chewing like they hadn’t eaten for weeks, [perhaps they hadn’t].
While we nibbled on, melting mouthfuls with the beer, Frederique stood to hushed silence and gave a speech about a new age coming to all the people now that the prophecy was fulfilled. This created the loudest cheer yet. 
Michelle and me shared several looks, one being the realisation we’d stepped into something far bigger than we could measure up to, the other one from me showing signs of worry about the more personal promise of fulfillment later on. Michelle’s look told me not to worry. You’re just being silly. It will be fine, and special. Which calmed me down a bit, so we chinked cups in our personal and quiet toast. 
God, I love you, Michelle. I didn’t care about anything else. I was sat amongst the most amazing, singing, wonderfully gay and colourful people I had ever met before, and I only thought about you. My love for you. Your love for little me. And how lucky I was to be there. 
Naturally, the Gauls thought our glow was because of them, which was fine. It wasn’t, in all fairness. But then, it wasn’t a lie either and we all benefitted from the honest love in our hearts. I couldn’t ask for any more. [Maybe the morning after the thing, you know, it,  just to ease my nerves.]
Then came the main course. All the men and ladies busying in the kitchen proudly brought to the table the huge cauldron of broth and whatnot. Frederique stood again and said, 
‘And now, my friends, the real star attraction! We have seen our Teacher suffer at the hands of bad food. Monsieur and Mademoiselle, Stanley and Michelle, we have a treat for you. Our top chefs have spent days in the kitchen, searching for that great edible dish to feed our people. What was once junk, godbless our Teacher, is now cordon bleu!’ 
Everybody cheered, and drank, clapped shoulders and nearly burst into song. We joined in with the cheering and kissed with secret meaning. Falling into her eyes. She the empath, letting my good soul fall inside to be caught by her kind heart. And I loving every moment of her. Her intimacy. Her love. Her eyes. Her kiss. I’d never felt so complete in all my life.
During the applause, the drinking, me and Michelle in our private runaway, the proud cooks started serving. Ladles had been passed between the seated, emptying onto plates, all the different concoctions of the strange cobwebs that we had, only a few days before, been stepping over as if rubbish.
I never knew if the French washed their vegetables as a rule. After all they came from the ground, [the vegetables, not the French!], but I never saw much gain in it. By the time it was cooked and in the serving pot, I didn’t think it mattered. Although, in this case, I was a little concerned. It was rubbish after all. But the chefs weren’t taking any chances. Everything on the plate was steaming, boiled to sterility. I hoped it made a difference. Maybe if Stanley Snr had cooked his, he wouldn’t be laid up and missing the banquet. 
I wasn’t the only one a tad cautious about trying the converted cobweb. Michelle gave me a sideways look, and lots of the Gauls were pausing with their forks too. The ones who were clearly too sizzled with cups of special brew hadn’t waited, and were happily digging in. They didn’t show any green or yellow side effects, and so I began to think it was safe too. The cooks stood by the wayside, attendant with their towels over their arms, smiling like expectant contestants at a Masterchef trial, and it was the thought of hurting their feelings that urged me to give it a go. Especially us. We were, after all, in the spotlight as guests of honour.
Michelle had the same thought. We pressed shoulders, picked up our cutlery, cut into the same slender coil on our plates and went for it. We chewed and chewed, and it made me think of frog’s legs – if it weren’t for the garlic, there’d be no flavour. But it did have some texture. And at least we hadn’t started to choke like Stanley Snr. 
It seemed to work. None of the tipsy eaters were on the floor and everyone had started to feast without showing signs of ill health. To all at the banquet, the cooks had cracked the code. Our mood rose quite considerably. People found laughter and small talk, and they nodded to the achievements of the kitchen. Frederique stood up, his cup in hand, and stated, 
‘My monsieurs and mademoiselles, we must salute our noble chefs. They have surpassed all expectation and opened the way to a new age. We shall never go hungry again! Merci, mon ami! May your kitchens forever feed us.’
We all cheered, mostly out of relief I expect, and I tried a hash brown shaped tangle, seeing Michelle try the same, [she always had my thoughts]. I was surprised to discover a different character in the flavour and chewing experience. I began to enjoy myself amongst a brethren of food lovers.
‘It’s good, isn’t it?’ I said to my friend on the left. I never caught his name.
‘Tres bien,’ he replied, his mouth full, obviously trying to answer a starved stomach more than me.
In fact, I was surprised they had chance for table banter. These were a starving people, years of living on stale and stolen goods, a state of living they had grown used to. But now here they were, in an environment of sudden abundance and they couldn’t fill their mouths fast enough. Just showed what a colourful and well-mannered people they were, finding time for table manners between mouthfuls, and not during them!
Just as I was starting to really enjoy and relax in their lovely company, Frederique leaned towards me and Michelle, and said, 
‘Have you got your speech ready, Monsieur Stanley? We shall have it before the dessert. If that is okay with you?’
‘Oh yes. Quite,’ I answered. A speech? What did he mean, a speech? There had been no talk of a speech before now. What on earth did he mean? Holy moses!
Michelle didn’t know either. Our hash brown thingies were still filling our cheek pouches, and we forgot to chew for a while. I think I looked like a schoolboy waiting for a punishment I didn’t know what for. I’d made a big mistake. Why had I agreed to the banquet? What had I landed us in? Michelle gazed hard into me. I thought it was a scolding look. Stanley, you’ve done it again! That deep and judgmental glare from a priest, [or a horrible ex-girlfriend]. But she wasn’t thinking of me. Her quickfire, streetwise, government trained, sharp mind was searching for an answer in the Knowledge. The online library she could access at any time. But not down here! Her eyes seemingly vacuous because she couldn’t connect. 
I didn’t know this then. I thought she was very angry with me. I shifted the pulpy stuff from my cheek, a nervous reflex, and it accidentally dropped down my throat. Naturally, I gagged. My face heated up and my eyes watered. Michelle snapped back into reality, next to me, and quickly called my name. But I couldn’t help it. Once I started choking, I couldn’t stop. It became a muffled fit. Michelle was desperate to keep it from the rest of the banquet, she knew what it might mean to them. But nothing short of the sky falling on our heads could hide my splurts. 
The banqueteers quickly fell to silence. All eyes were on me.
Now, of course, they didn’t know my coughing fit was due to the mere mention of an unprepared speech. Something that makes me shudder even now. They didn’t know I was terrified of public speaking. But, having seen their great leader, the Scientist, near-choke to death only a few days earlier, and now seeing me, a man almost the spitting image, choking with hash brown spluttering out of my mouth, they naturally assumed it was because of the boiled software. This sent a tiny fear to their stomachs. Perhaps they were also poisoned? Believe it or not, I’m sure I heard the whole banquet turn green. They suddenly went right off their food. And they were starving too! Oh what it is to be a figurehead. I wanted to hide under a rock and never be seen again.
I had to correct this misunderstanding.
‘Frederique,’ I scrabbled, crumbs popping out with the word. ‘It’s not the cooking.’ But I said this so weakly, he didn’t hear me.
Instead he spoke over me. Reaching forward to hold my arm, in the most awful embarrassment I could ever wish upon an enemy, never mind a noble soul like he,
‘Monsieur Stanley, I do beg your gravest forgiveness.’
‘No,’ I said, muffled by another cough. ‘I’m fine. It’s not the food,’ were the words I couldn’t say. I could barely breathe. Michelle too, strangely.
She clutched my other arm and I had to see what was wrong with my love. She didn’t look well. It seemed to me she was as green as everyone else.
‘Michelle,’ I spluttered.
‘Stanley,’ she said, straining with effort.
‘What’s the matter?’
Her mouth against my ear, pressed for our secrecy and from her discomfort, she said, ‘It is the food!’
And then I heard moans from around the table. ‘Mon dieu.’ I saw hairy heads bent down resting on the plates, I saw arms clutching stomachs in pure agony, I heard lots of strange French words I could neither translate nor print here, apart from lots of ‘Merdre.’ The banquet hadn’t simply gone green, it had turned like bad cheese, and everyone without exception was feeling the churning of evil and repeating food. All of them starving had filled their bellies with as much gusto as their forks had allowed. This was no simple mouthful to topple our Scientist, this was an epidemic of the fully fed. And it was a disaster. 
But no one was sick. I suppose to vomit at a royal banquet would be the height of bad manners. The Gauls were forever the gentry. I felt sorry and admiration for them in equal sizes. But, oh, the noises the poor people made.
It was obvious the cooks hadn’t cracked the code. They hadn’t solved the inedible nature of the food source. [If it was a food source!] We would have to wait for the Scientist after all. 
Suffice to say, the real reason for beginning the entire coughing opus was never revealed to the Gauls, and my calling for that very speech never arose. It was a lucky escape. I certainly felt the relief of the luck as I part escorted, part carried my darling girlfriend from the banquet to our home sweet home. Frederique and all his poor, aching and apologetic fellows sent us away more humbled than when we’d arrived. The shame they must have endured, along with stomach cramps that knew no rival. How awful for them. The soonest I could see them in the morning to alleviate their disgrace the better for all of us. What an evening.

Back at home, my doubled-over Michelle collapsed on her bed in total grief. She groaned louder than the French. I held her hands, holding her belly, and we lay like spoons on our straw and rug mattress.
‘It’s okay, hun. It’s okay.’
‘Stanley,’ said Michelle, looking round at me. ‘How come you’re not affected?’
And then it occurred to me. I’d eaten the same food as her, the exact same food, but I wasn’t ill. I was fine. Perfectly fine. I’d only been choking because of the speech! The food-things hadn’t bothered me.
‘My darling, I’ve no idea.’
‘Oh you lucky man, Stanley,’ she said through clenched teeth. ‘My love, just what are you made of?’
I didn’t know. I didn’t want to know. I didn’t want to know who I was, what I was, or if my destiny would take me away from the perfect happiness I had found here. I wished she wouldn’t ask questions like that.
‘I don’t know, babe.’ I held her tighter. ‘I don’t want to know. I just want you.’

Michelle’s bio-suit eventually diagnosed her illness and diffused medication into her bloodstream, and gradually her insides found a peace. She was able to enjoy the rest of the night with medicinal sleep.
I never let her go. We were spoons for life and I vowed I would be her lover and protector until we died. I’m sure this gave Michelle some inner-warmth. It did me. And we were both very, very grateful.
But Fate did have plans for me.
During the night, the remainder of the calm night, a strange glow emanated from between our spoons. My friendly green buddy was the first to be alerted. Uninvited to the evening, and not sulking any more, he woke Michelle in a panic and she woke me. 
I didn’t feel anything, and I didn’t know what the hell was going on, but Michelle pushed me on my back, leaning over me, and I looked down to see a glow coming out of my chest. I wasn’t naked, I was in my gentleman’s pyjamas, [donated by Alex], but the glow filtered through the holes in the warm cloth and shone up like sunshine. I started to panic. It was freaking me out. I didn’t know what was happening to me. 
‘Michelle!’
Buddy bounced on the pillow, shrieking. He clutched my cheek trying to pull me away from the fire. Michelle ripped open my pyjama jacket, the buttons flying across the room, and the three of us saw the glow and sparkle that we’d seen in the cave, fizzing like fireworks out of my stomach. The software I’d eaten was emigrating out of me. We could see it physically rising.
Gradually the glow died, and we found ourselves in darkness again. Me, Michelle, buddy, fearing for my life, scared by what this meant. And there was nothing we could do about it.
There was no escape from the future. There was simply no escape.
Chapter Twenty Four
Each new day saw another golden dawn, and the survivors basked in the jubilation of being alive. 
So did the Scientist. He was on his feet again, outside and breathing the fresh air of his illuminated Underworld. News had travelled fast and there he was greeting the bustling streets with warm welcomes and salutes. Unlike me, he loved the exposure. The children had rushed out to see him, and he loved little people. He dazzled them like a showman transforming cobwebs into toys with a flurry of his magic pencil. The kids darted around in total amazement with possibly their first ever dolls and teddy bears. He was loving it. [He told me later.]
The multi-raced community hadn’t wasted any of the morning. Home pride brings cleanliness and already they were finding ways to tidy their rug furniture and polish their boulder walls. All the races were busy one way or another. The Samurai were fixing up fencing, the Celts were searching for soil to garden with, the Romans were making trenches for drainage systems, and so on throughout the Underworld. They were all very busy and very happy.
Our unfortunate neighbours, however, were still bed ridden. I expect they wished they hadn’t leapt into the kitchen quite so early. It was terrible food poisoning. And they didn’t have the luxury of Michelle’s bio-suit pharmacy. It meant waiting for the Scientist after all. But only to bring them a cure for the stomach pains. Unfortunately for the Gauls, he was having fun with the kids!
Me, Michelle and buddy were in bed too. But for a different reason. Following our scare, my love and my littlest friend never left my side.
They physically never left me. Never letting go. Michelle holding my hand, or wrapped around my neck, hugging me, or touching my bum as occasional moments of lovers’ intimacy. buddy practically living on top of my head, using my hair as both a nest and a climber’s tackle, entwining himself with my blond fibres. He refused to let me go anywhere without him. Bless him.
The gold light from the streets filtered through the straw thatch and warmed the air. It warmed our hearts too, and we stayed in bed, wrapped around each other, listening to the people outside. Thinking about the scary moment in the darkness. When fire left my belly.
‘What do you think it was, Stanley?’
‘I’m trying not to think about it.’
‘Did it hurt?’
‘No. Just gave me the willies,’ I said. ‘It’s my gift isn’t it? It rejected the software.’
‘Yes, it did something good for you, at last.’
‘Yes it did.’ I gave a sigh. ‘We should be happy about this.’
‘You’re right, love. We should,’ Michelle looked at me. ‘But I can’t stop worrying about you.’
‘I’m fine,’ I said, smiling like a healthy patient. ‘I feel strong, like Viking!’
‘You still look the same! Not sure I’d want a hairy Stanley.’
‘Then I’d better keep my bio-suit on. You too.’
‘Yes, you wouldn’t want a hairy Michelle!’
We giggled together. Happy to see the bright side of an alarming moment.
‘I’m protected from all sides, Michelle. You, buddy, Stanley Snr on the outside. And this weird heritage from the future on the inside. I’m very lucky to be here. And to know you. You make me feel the strongest.’
‘Well, all right,’ she said, cocking her head at me. ‘If you’re sure you’re okay?’
‘Absolutely. I couldn’t lie to an empath, now could I?’
‘No.’
‘And I wouldn’t want to either.’
‘I know that, Stanley. I know you better than you do.’
She sat up, and said, 
‘Right, scary night over, and we’re all okay. Agreed, babe?’
‘Agreed.’
‘Then let’s get up,’ she said. ‘We’ve lots of friends to meet.’
‘Yes, okay,’ I said, and we were up in no time, shaking the strange night away. The bio-suits kept most of us clean. We only needed to wash above the neck-line.
I forgot where buddy was until I rinsed my hair under a jug. He coughed and spluttered and hung on my ear for dear life, swearing at me in his tiny voice. ‘Sorry, dude.’ 
We breakfasted on bio-pills and expanders, [to give a sensation of having eaten], wishing for proper food, then left our hut to greet the people outdoors. 
It was a glorious morning.
The Scientist’s magic, with a little help from me, had created a wonderful world. Four nights before, it was dank, grimy, not the best of places. And the rubble on the streets, the software that had lost the will to live, piling in gardens, draping over houses, like the uncleared confetti of Victory Day, led us to think the people had lost the will to live too.
But the Scientist and his torch bearers proved us wrong. They hadn’t lost anything. They were simply waiting. And my faithful descendant gave them exactly what they were waiting for. The invigoration of life. Golden, magical life. The end result being nothing less than rejuvenation for the dwellings, for the software, and especially for the people.

‘Where did the dolls come from?’
It was my first question when we entered the streets. Well, when we’d found a space. Although it was easier for us to move through the crowd – our ‘celebrity status’ lent us the Moses effect. The waters parted before us, when they knew who it was, heads turning, smiles widening, the focus of the crowd’s energy swinging toward us as we behaved like the neutral royal ‘we’, saying “hello”, and “how do you do?”, and “hope you’re well”. We finally found a higher point, or were mutually guided and deposited there by the shore of handshakes, that swelled then petered out as we begged them all to please carry on as before. They gradually did, as gracefully as we had asked them, and we found our spot of dry land, able to look around and delight at the new world of colours the dawn had awoken.
It was lovely to behold. The history books had scattered their pages and the wind had picked them up. They stood tall, mingling like party goers. All the different races, inhibition-free, chatting and gossiping and commenting on how fabulous their outfits were. Men and women, and children too, thinking nothing of mixing with different skins, colours, customs and cultures. It was beautiful. It was all so beautiful.
Then had come my question. The children had something to do other than behave themselves. They had dolls for girls and teddy bears for boys. They were brand new too, not dusty and moth-eaten as if dug out of the toy box from a hundred years ago.
‘I don’t know,’ said Michelle. ‘I think someone’s been busy.’
‘Me too.’
‘Can you see him?’
‘No. He should stand out, shouldn’t he?’
‘Yes.’
‘Look for a concentration of people.’
‘Oh wait!’ I said, pointing.
‘You found him?’ Michelle followed my arm.
‘No, not him. But there’s little Claude!’
‘Oh lovely!’ exclaimed Michelle, delighted. ‘He can’t have touched the, erm, experiment.’
‘He must have stuck with the bread. Actually, I think all their children did. Must have been a rule. Good for them.’
We watched as the little Gauls followed Claude in his pursuit of the special man. The adults made way for them as much as for me and Michelle. Well, not quite so much, but enough to let them pass. They weren’t empty handed either.
There was a lot to celebrate today, and, thanks to the small French chappies, there was a lot to celebrate with too. They brought small trays, big for them, some with cups that sloshed in the fullness, some with bread that risked rolling off to be caught by watchful grownups. By the time they had found who they were looking for, the trays were empty, and carried dangling by their sides, ready for a return trip.
The Scientist, ever attentive to children, his magic wand actually on fire with extra usage, bent down to listen to Claude as he pointed to the Gaul’s village. We could guess the conversation and then Stanley Snr was led by the hand away from the crowds and towards his medical duties.
‘How lovely,’ said Michelle.
‘Yes. Trust the French not to waste good food and drink. Nice of them to share it with the others,’ I remarked.
‘Shall we carry on walking, love?’ asked Michelle, knowing my answer. ‘Let’s see what else the Underworld is up to today.’
‘Okay, love,’ I answered, very happy to be predictable.
As we walked off, I could hear loud and sharp exclamations regarding the beer. We shared a titter, holding hands.
‘I wonder how dizzy they’ll be when we come back?’
‘Yes. Potent stuff.’
‘The bread should soften the fall.’
‘Did you notice,’ I said, as we walked down the slope away from the sounds of the party, ‘it was much tidier round there?’
‘Yes. They cleared the area. Their pride has risen with the dawn.’
‘That was poetical!’
‘Thought I’d have a try. What do you think? Give up the day job?’
‘Ha. We don’t have a day job anymore. Well, you don’t. I never had one to give up. Here I am in the 26th Century, the same situation as when you first met me. The lengths I go to, to stay out of work!’
‘Actually, lover,’ smiled Michelle, ‘we’d been watching you for some time. We had to be sure. Then, when Mr Viking turned up, we had to move fast.’
‘Yes you did. Swept me off my feet,’ I said, honestly. ‘I’m still floating.’
I squeezed her hand.
‘This is real, isn’t it?’
‘Yes!’ she exclaimed. ‘Stanley, you are the limit.’
‘Well....’ I defended. ‘It doesn’t feel real half the time. I’ve never been an item before. First time for me. First time for falling in love that’s resulted in physical contact. It leaves me breathless.’
‘I know, baby,’ she smiled all over me. ‘I know all about you. But, darling,’ she added, quietly, ‘if you think this is physical contact, you aint seen nothing yet.’
Gulp. I’d forgotten about that!  Last night’s fiasco had completely sidetracked me from my aching cause of nerves. They started to flow through me all over again, but I was strangely more on top of it this time.
‘Can’t wait,’ I said. ‘But...’
‘But what?’
‘If we take our suits off, won’t the time echo change us? Won’t we become like them?’
‘All hairy and Viking?’
‘Yes. Especially you.’
‘Well, probably. But I’m first with the razor in the mornings.’
I giggled. Crikey, she could make me laugh too.
‘If we are Vikings. You never know, we might discover the Zulu within!’
‘You never can tell, Stanley. You never can tell.’
There was a small pause. Then she said,
‘We’ll find out soon enough.’ And kissed me on the cheek. I could feel the goosebumps rising all over me, as if she’d kissed me everywhere. All I could do was gasp, and sigh. And blush, of course. Silly Stanley.
I think I sighed a lot from that point onwards. I thought I was breathing discretely. But, each time I let my air go, Michelle smiled inwardly, and it showed. I didn’t understand at the time, [I never do], but the memory comes back to me now, and keeps me comfy while I sit here all alone. Sigh. There I go again. A touch uplifting, but a touch sad too. Considering I know what’s to come. [Stupid Stanley.]
The Basqueians were the next race we met. They were busy working. Everyone was busy with something or other. Made me feel quite lazy. [I am lazy! But that’s besides the point.] They were re-thatching their hut canopies. Didn’t need it as far as I could tell, so I thought about asking them why they were doing it.
‘Hello up there!’ I called to the man and woman Basque giants on top of their unfinished roof.
‘Hello back, sir.’
‘And lady,’ corrected his wife.
Michelle said ‘Hi’ back, holding my arm. buddy did too, but they didn’t hear him.
‘You look like busy chaps to me,’ I said, trying to broach the subject.
‘We are!’ smiled the man. ‘Strewth knows how, but the wizard’s given us the French’s thatchwork. We’re personalising it now. Not an earthquake, but we’d like to get it right. I have a feeling we will be here for a long while. Might as well make it home to us, than to our neighbours. Old habits, peacefully done.’
‘Makes a change,’ smiled his wife.
‘Can we help at all?’ I asked.
‘Not up here. There’s no room. Try Angred’s. They’ve a bigger job on their hands. Could do with extra hands too!’ he laughed.
We made to move away. He gave us a quick salute to his temple, and his wife nodded to us. We similarly respected them, and walked on down the road. 
Sure enough, there was a commotion just round the corner. It wasn’t only Basqueians here either. There were two races at work. The Basques with their otherworldly giant shoulders, tall and incredibly strong physiques in equally sturdy rugged tops and neck-ties, standing in contrast to the other race running amongst them. 
They were quite clearly Egyptians. Shorter, lithe, darker, quicker in their sandals, shorter undergarments, [skirts, I think], and they might have felt the cooler climate, if it weren’t for the fleece shoulder rugs donated by their work partners. They were singing too. Goodness knows what it was, but it made them look like a happy choir. They had ropes to pull, scrolls to refer to, and the heads of one race were debating with the heads of the other about something or other, heatedly but civil. 
It was all smiles from both sides, as if they’d been unemployed for years, strictly against their nature to be stuck at home, out of work, and suddenly a rush of work had come to them and they love nothing more than the thrill to be active. As active as starvation would allow, of course, sitting to gain strength when the effort overtook them. But keen to get up again when their fatigue had passed.
And what were they doing? It looked to me like a town hall. They were building a town hall. The golden light gave them the visibility and the spur to make a change in their community and they hadn’t wasted a minute. Already the area had been cleared, and old-fashioned brickwork was setting hard in the ground. The leaders with their scrolls of ‘blueprints’, [I suppose], were looking upwards into the area of the imaginary finished hall, locating beams and supports to rise the building from the foundations. Some workers had peeled the larger cobweb strands off the gardens and were trying to twist them straight and rigid, measuring them against others, cutting them to size, connecting them like corners to make walls and rafters, using small strings to tie them in place. It was all so imaginative and improvised.
It was during this day of work that the community made two discoveries. One was that Mr Stanley Jnr was a complete nincompoop, [I tried my best!] The other was far more ground breaking. We discovered magic, without the Scientist to show us.
It all came from a twist. Two workers, an Egyptian and a Basqueian, each holding an end to a thick, long, crashed fibre and straightening it. Somehow the twisting injected a pulse and brought it to life. But what a life! It was the most unexpected transformation we could have expected. The change was quite appropriate.
From a shabby, non-descript rope of cobweb it suddenly exploded into, of all things, a chrysalis. Giant, brown, folded sheets of caterpillar skin. I saw it happen. It sounded like a muffled wham as it burst in our vision into the casing. Our two workers dropped it in alarm and, as they stepped back, the rest of us crowded round in wonder. We waited for it to start wriggling, all very quiet, but nothing happened. At least, at that point. We peered and leaned in closer, with caution as if it were a bomb that hadn’t gone off. Yet there was no danger. It just lay on the ground.
Michelle thought it must be inert. It was ludicrous there might be a living butterfly inside. And we began to think it was dead. But then it shivered like a ripple. We shouted with surprise. And again it shivered like it was being charged up with electricity and could burst at any second.
‘Stanley,’ whispered Michelle, worried for me.
Then it jumped off the ground, something kicking inside it. And jumped again, beginning to writhe like a worm. It rolled towards us, we shrieked and stepped back like at the beach, but couldn’t walk away. We had to watch it come alive. It lurched on the ground, the chrysalis tips like struts as the central bulge pushed upward, relaxing then pushing swelling up and outwards, relenting and forcing out once more to break free.
Then there was an awful splitting sound, like crackling. We froze, Michelle squeezing my hand as much as I squeezed hers. The Egyptian man crushing my arm. I think we all formed a chain as angst and anticipation gripped us. The fold of the cocoon parted open and the bulging body expanded with the leeway. More and more the pod came apart as the wriggling became more frenetic and violent.
‘C’mon, little man!’ shouted a Basqueian, encouraging it to struggle free.
And that’s just what it did. From a cable of web to a swollen chrysalis to an even bigger flap of wing and striking colour. The sheen of sail with its beautiful mottles and whites tried to fly from the broken case. But it needed its sister wing, and tried to break it free furiously flapping for freedom.
We shouldn’t have done, but we couldn’t help ourselves. Rushing to its aid, we worked as a team, three races all helping with the newborn butterfly to break away from its cradle. We pulled at the chrysalis and let it fall to the floor as the insect bird found both its wings and flapped crazily to be airborne. We all ducked as the massive sails found the air, its legs pushing away and its antennae fully uncurled and searching for the freedom of flight. 
‘Watch out!’ ‘Careful!’ 
Up and away it went, a miracle of life before our very eyes. We felt blessed to be a part of its birth. Wherever it had come from.
‘Well blow me,’ I gasped. buddy did too.
 An amazing sight that took our breath away. We stood for a long time marvelling at its beauty, finding the roof to the Underworld and flying wherever it found a stretch of sky.
Gradually, it began to dawn on us, all the cobweb debris must have this property. A magical surprise inside every one of them. Looking at the Underworld with new eyes, we began to see the crashed software with a new respect. Just what was possible down here? What kind of a world had we stepped into? 
The Basqueians and the Egyptians returned to work, more careful with their building materials, very unsure how much or what kind of twisting they should risk with the cobweb strands. So unsure in fact that eventually they stopped working. If they built a town hall out of the software, might it one day explode into something else? 
Instead they, with me and Michelle, resorted to sweeping up the cables and simply tidying up the area. We would wait for the Scientist. Once again, we would wait for the Scientist. I only hoped he had a lot of answers for us. We were demanding a lot from him. Still, he was a Jefferson, a Stanley Jefferson at that. He was bound to pull through. I mean, look at me!
Without the Scientist’s know-how on handling the apparently ‘live’ dead software, we couldn’t use the cables for anything other than expecting butterflies. There was still much to do, however. We dug waterways and built the lower section of the hall with the clay and rock. My nincompoop nature came out here, the extent of which surprised even me, but you don’t need to know about that. Those boulders were very heavy, and I hurriedly apologised to Angred for squashing his toe. He forgave me, and we remained friends until the very end. And Michelle applied her first aid skills to his injury most satisfactorily. He could walk again, so it was no biggee.
By the time the golden light was fading into dusk, and the butterfly had disappeared to a dark corner, there was nothing more we could do. So, as everybody went home, myself and Michelle took charge of the empty chrysalis and headed for the Scientist’s laboratory. We hoped to speak to our friend and get some answers out of him. We needed to know what on earth was going on.
Chapter Twenty Five
‘I’ve no idea.’
That wasn’t the response we were looking for! 
Oh dear, was this man going to be a hopeless figurehead? I didn’t believe so. He just needed time alone to find the answers. I’m like that.
It had been an awkward traipse to the laboratory. The chrysalis wasn’t heavy, miraculously light in fact, it was just a difficult shape and it had hardened so much in the dry air we couldn’t refold it to make it easier to carry. So we struggled a bit, out of the Basque region, through the Gaul’s neighbourhood, past our own little house and down the long, long road to the isolated cave entrance leading into the Scientist’s home.
We tried not to brush the cave painted walls as we passed through, regarding them as prehistoric. But for all we knew they might have been days old. I was keen to take a good look at the artwork, but our arms were aching and we wanted nothing more than to drop the pod. It was light when we’d picked it up, but it had gained weight along the way.
‘Later, Stanley.’
‘Too right.’ We spoke with effort.
‘I can hear voices!’ said another voice. It came from the flickering corridors that bent smoothly away from us, as if formed by a river years and years ago. ‘They sound familiar too!’
We kept on moving through the natural firelight, and an excited older version of me galloped round the bend to greet us. He was the happiest I had ever seen him. I wondered if he had good news. Or was he really just pleased to see us?
‘I thought it was you!’ he said, bouncing up to meet us. ‘I recognised the family presence!’
‘Well, here’s a present for you,’ I quipped, and gave him a space on the chrysalis to hold up. Instantly it became light again and the three of us waddled the rest of the way to the laboratory.
Setting down the lump, I was first struck by how better lit the dressed cavern was. There weren’t any torches for one thing, and the room had lost its shadows. A source of white light was most intense in the bowled roof and gave a clearer picture of the Scientist’s world. No golden glow either. It was as if he had found a 20th Century light bulb and switched it on at 1,000 Watts. I hadn’t seen artificial light since the escape. And, as it played with my eyes for a second, it reminded me of the thing, the dreaded problem-causing thing in the middle of the room. It had left my thoughts for a day or two of bliss with Michelle, but there seemed to be no escape from the accursed menace.
Stanley Snr noticed my concern, and quickly pulled a rope hanging over its face. A tarpaulin fell over the chasm, blocking it from sight. I told my mind to do its best to ignore it.
‘That’s better,’ he said, smiling.
‘Much better,’ said Michelle. 
I nodded, still telling my mind to ignore it. But it wouldn’t leave me alone.
Michelle felt this in me. She squeezed my hand and started the conversation to lead me away from my worry.
‘It’s good to see you on your feet, granpa.’
‘Granpa? Cheeky. And yes it’s great to feel alive and kicking. Alex and David helped a good deal. Multi-talented peeps. Not only nurses, but entomologists. They heard of the transformation and went chasing after your butterfly. To observe, not to catch, of course. We’ve moved on from killing things, you know. Unless we want to eat them. You don’t fancy a butterfly sandwich, do you?’
‘No,’ I smiled, quite broadly actually. I couldn’t help myself. Neither could he. Our eye contact and toothy smiles bridged the gap of nine, or ten, generations. And I felt love for the man. Genuine love. Is this what it feels like to have children? To see yourself looking back at you, with all the love in their eyes just for you. If it was, I wanted one! It was an exquisite feeling. I wondered if Stanley Snr felt the same. Possibly. I was his younger self, after all. 
How lovely. I’d forgotten about the other thing.
Sharing the bridge, Michelle said, ‘We’ve a lot to ask you, old Stanley.’
‘Please feel free. Would you like a drink?’ he asked, giving a cursory glance over the chrysalis. ‘Beer only, I’m afraid. No fresh water down here. No yet anyway.’
‘No, that’s fine.’ I prepared myself for a sour expression.
‘First question then, Stanley,’ he said, reaching for wooden mugs and pouring beer from a tapped barrel.
‘I don’t know where to begin really. It seems like a million years ago when I was drinking coffee and thinking nothing of nothing. If I tried to put my new life in some kind of order, it would begin with falling in love with Michelle. Now, I know she had to follow orders to take me to the 23rd Century. And, Michelle,’ I said to her, ‘I don’t blame you.‘
‘I had no choice, Stanley. I wouldn’t do it again. You know that.’
‘Yes I do,’ I said genuinely. ’And I wouldn’t change a thing. I’d meet you if it meant travelling to the ends of time on a bicycle, and then cycling all the way back to be with you. Believe, me, Michelle, it’s been a wild and dangerous ride up to here, but there isn’t one thing I would change if it meant losing you.’
I carried on, ‘I’ve been deceived by higher authorities, I’ve been buffeted through a time tunnel, manacled and nearly torn apart by a timehole, I’ve jumped out of a building, and been rescued by a Viking with a broken watch. I’ve practically fallen down a city in the 26th Century, not to mention made a new little friend called buddy. [He tweeted at me from his perch, delighted he hadn’t been forgotten.] I’ve also come face-to-face with my great, great [I had to count on my fingers, and so did he] great, great?’
‘Great, great, great, great, great grandson!’
‘That’s right. Of course, I only know who you are now, but before I thought I was being chased by a mad axeman. No disrespect.’
‘None at all,’ he said, handing me a mug. Michelle had hers and was braving a sip.
‘Now I live in the Underworld of the 26th Century, a place where I honestly consider to be my home-’ I faltered. ‘If you do, Michelle?’
‘Yes I do,’ she smiled, no sourness in her face at all.
‘But I don’t have a clue what’s going on around me. We’ve come to you, Stanley Snr, not only because you are family [he raised his mug as a nod to this] but because you are the Scientist! And everybody down here probably has the same questions as we do.’
‘Fair enough,’ he said, slurping his beer. ‘Fire away.’
‘Okay, firstly. Erm.’ I didn’t know where to begin. Neither did Michelle. So I decided to deal with his appearance first and that of everyone else living here, except me and Michelle. Because we were wearing our bio-suits? ‘Me and Michelle are covered in Gentle Age technology. Has that protected us from the time wave?’
‘I believe so, yes.’
I hadn’t touched my beer. Something very personal was nagging me and I didn’t want to have to face up to it. So I diverted my attention to the Viking.
‘’Why are you like that? I mean, all of you? What on earth happened to you?’
‘To be perfectly honest?’ he answered.
‘Yes.’
‘I’ve no idea.’
This threw me slightly.
‘But- But- You’re the Scientist! If anyone should know it’s you!’
‘I know, Stanley. I know. But believe me, I was as much surprised as everyone else. My intention was only to use the ‘thing’ [he motioned behind us, as if it were a compost heap in the living room] as an energy source, unlimited by the way. The Aegeans assured me I could use you as the conduit with your, erm, special powers, to create the appropriate effect.’
That nag occurred to me again. 
‘The effect being?’
‘To bring light to the Underdwellers.’
‘And how did you do that?’ I decided to take a gulp from my mug.
‘Your ability and the ‘thing’s’ energy sent excitable photons colliding with the particulate atmosphere down here and I connected it to natural sunlight via the rock vent [pointing to the chimney-hole in the roof, brilliantly lit]. The excitable air is now photo-sensitive. When the Sun shines above us, our air becomes golden. As you’ve seen.’
‘Yes,’ I said, my eyes watering. At least I wasn’t pulling faces. ‘But what happened to you?’
‘I can only guess,’ he said, with a resigned smile. 
‘Go on then.’
‘You’ve probably guessed, the ‘thing’ originally came to us from the Gentle Ageians. They have caused the changes in us. This is their doing. I am convinced those future people have manipulated time radiation and somehow our DNA has become uprooted, shaken apart and reassembled. So now our bodies hark back to an ancient world. A world of stronger, healthier, more virile and more adventurous races. The animal inside has come alive again!’
‘But your clothes, your- your mugs, your houses! We’re in a cave, for heaven’s sake!’
‘Yes I know.’ He was terribly calm about it. ‘The closer to the source, the greater the distortion. This cave is 16,000 years old. Have you seen the paintings? The nearer huts are 7,000 years old and your hut is 3,000 years old. There is a grand design at work here and I’m afraid it is not my doing. We are being manipulated by a people with a higher technology beyond our understanding and control. But, my friends,’ he concluded brightly, ‘you must admit, it has done us no harm at all.’
‘That’s true,’ said Michelle.
‘Whatever they have done, they have only changed us for a greater good.’
‘Why though?’
‘Why indeed,’ echoed the Scientist. ‘Only the Aegeans can give their reasons. The mystery is everyone’s. Including mine.’
Michelle was halfway through a sip, when she paused. And said, ‘You were converted into a Viking by the time wave.’
‘Yes I was. A side effect of forgetting to install safety measures. Time burst through fractures and transformed me into the marauder you see now.’
He said this smiling and in happy surrender to his mutated Viking form.
‘You don’t talk like a marauder,’ I gently pointed out to him.
‘Another gift of the Gentle people. We have much to ask them.’
‘Yes we do.’
We all drank from our cups in quiet thought. I didn’t want to ask any more, for fear of learning something horrible about me. Like, a reason for being parted from Michelle.
She looked at me, knowing exactly what I’d been thinking, [and worrying about], and smiled deeply into me with her eyes. Her loving eyes. 
‘I don’t want to know either, Stanley,’ she said. I think she said. Unless I sensed it.
‘So, here’s another question,’ she said to Stanley Snr. She definitely spoke to him.
‘Why did you nearly kill yourself by eating that rubbish?’
‘Oh that!’ he exclaimed excitedly. ‘I was so close! So close!’ He stood up, draining his mug. ‘A refill everyone?’
‘Erm, okay.’ I quickly gulped the half left in mine.
‘Not for me, thanks.’ Michelle was happy to sip. ‘It’s my training to stay clear headed,’ she explained to me. Stanley Snr didn’t hear her.
‘You see,’ he said, his back to us, ‘the Software is made of millions of different commands. Originally much simpler, as the Aegeans had designed them, but they have evolved into far more complex creatures.’
‘Creatures?’
‘Yes, they are, after all, life. The funny side to this, which surprised me, and Alex and David, is that every single cluster of Software has exactly the same content. They are all identical. More or less. The commands activated determine the property of the software. When I fiddled with the strand I simply activated the wrong commands. Instead of chocolate, which I was hoping for, I made something else.’
He wasn’t going to tell us what it was. As he handed me my refill, he appeared a touch bashful.
‘Well, what did you make?’ I wasn’t going to let it go.
‘Erm. Alex discovered what I’d eaten when she analysed my, erm, projectile.’
‘Well?’
‘What was it?’
‘Shampoo.’
‘Shampoo?’ I nearly snorted in my drink.
‘Cheap and nasty stuff too.’
And then me and Michelle laughed outloud, quite freely. It chuckled us to bits. There was clearly no harm intended in our laughter, and our senior soon joined in seeing the funny side of it too.
‘Stanley Snr, you are funny,’ said Michelle.
‘It seems that way. To be honest, I don’t know how I achieve that, but it appears to be a pleasant side effect of being me. So I’m not complaining. Anyway,’ he exclaimed, sloshing his beer, ‘like I said, I was so close. You won’t believe the advances we’ve made while I’ve been in my pyjamas.’
‘You have pj’s too?’ I asked.
‘Yes, Alex made them for me. She’s multi-talented.’
‘Yes she is.’
‘You mean, you’ve managed to make the Software edible? You’ve cracked the code, so to speak?’ asked Michelle, as excited as all of us.
‘Yes indeed, I have,’ he said. He beamed like a headlight.
‘Well that’s brilliant!’
‘Well done, Mr Senior!’
‘So,’ said Michelle, high in anticipation. ‘Where are they? Show us what you’ve made. Where are your fruits of labour?’
‘You’re drinking them.’
The Scientist said this so plainly he filled the cavern with bright silence for a second or so. We were quiet as we stared into the froth, then looked at each other. Then we looked at the man himself.
‘What? Are you crazy? You could have killed us!’
‘Nonsense,’ he replied, unfazed. ‘Alex, David and I have been drinking like lab rats for two days. There are no ill after effects. Not anymore. The code, as you say, is cracked. And the Underworld, as they say, is our oyster.’
‘Must admit, the beer’s not sour at all. The Gauls will be pleased.’
‘They are.’ 
‘No. None at all. After all, the entire world above us is made entirely from the same cloth. We might not be able to count the commands, but the combinations we can make are practically infinite. We can have anything we want here now – food, clothes, medicine. I’m holding a conference with the clan chiefs tomorrow. It will be interesting to hear their reactions, and see what they’d like to make. The Underworld will change shape dramatically. Nobody will go hungry again. I only fear we may run out of the Software at our feet. But that’s a long way off yet.’
‘I’m sure we’ll find a way,’ I said. ‘What else have you been making?’
‘Ooh, lots of things. Erm, socks?’
‘Really?’
‘I’ve been missing them for centuries. You should see the state of my feet.’
‘Rather not thanks. Have you made any food? We’re starving.’
‘Yes. Help yourself.’
The Scientist motioned to a table of lumps under a sheet and we pulled it open to reveal a delightful array of fruits and cartoon meats that didn’t look edible, but we soon discovered they were. It was like biting into a drawing. But the flavours were mouth watering. We were ravenous and couldn’t stop ourselves from wolfing down as much as our stomachs could hold. It all smelt great and we had dearly missed the textures of a true banquet. We couldn’t speak, but shared smiles throughout the feast. It was brilliant. And so hard to believe it all came from the cobweb debris lying in the streets. 
What a wonderful world we’d discovered. Me and Michelle, the Scientist and buddy, and all the Underdwellers. We would live like the hungry poor no longer. As Frederique said, a new age had come to us. It was all thanks to the Scientist, unlocking the wonders of the Software for us all to enjoy.
I thought all this while I was sat swollen and on my back, breathing like a bloated king, my queen right beside me, the mirror of my exhausted, flushed, but happy self. We weren’t quite sure where our world was heading, but we were glad of this moment. That much we knew.
And as a reminder of what the world had in store for us, the Scientist, quite reluctant to cause harm, quietly raised the question with me.
‘Stanley, isn’t there something else you want to ask me?’
It was the nag. The nag I didn’t want to know. My fullness mellowed its sting, obviously being hungry made me alert, but even with a stomach brimming and bursting, it was there all the same. All the time in fact. I would have to learn about my true self. Eventually. But I didn’t want to know. Not now, not with Michelle, buddy, my great...grandson and my full stomach in a world I wanted to belong in.
I shook my head. Not really brave enough to use words. And the Scientist left it at that.
But he didn’t stay quiet. As I rested my head on Michelle’s shoulder and buddy purred us nearly to sleep, the great big kid with the great big moustache and rug shoulders shouted from a far corner.
‘Chaps! Look what I made!’
We raised our heads and opened our sleepy eyes to see the sight before us, and I have to say, it widened my concern and perspective of a man I thought I knew.
The huge Viking with my eyes was almost dancing like a barbarian on springs, and more like a human windmill too as he wielded in both hands a long-handled, double-headed mallet. He swung it round and round, the force vibrating as sound, sending sparks off the cave wall as he swept too much of an arc.
‘Oops!’ he exclaimed, huge lungfuls meeting the call of his joy. ‘Forever clumsy,’ he chuckled. ‘But what do you think of this? We can make anything we want – food, clothes, medicine, and!’ He halted the hammer, stopping dead at his chest. ‘Weaponry! I told you we’d been busy. I told you we’d made advances! And just you wait, my friends. Just you wait! You won’t believe the progress we are prepared for now!’
He grinned like an invader on a conquest, and had no notion of how suddenly scared I was about my living relative.
It wasn’t that he was the only Viking I had ever seen wearing socks with sandals, [not a cool look], it wasn’t even that he was in complete abandon cradling a fierce weapon in his bulky arms. It was the Aegeans that brought fear into me.
All the survivors were reshuffled to express their wilder nature. The first thing they make as soon as they can, the first thing they make is a weapon. The Scientist had said it was out of their control. Great Goodness only knew what the Aegeans had planned for us. What did they want? Why had they turned these people into warriors? 
I didn’t understand. Michelle didn’t understand. buddy was uncharacteristically quiet, [I think he was hiding behind my ear]. And, socks or no socks, relative or no relative, the great man before us, savage in clothing and genome, was making me feel very, very afraid for our future. 
Chapter Twenty Six
The Violence Of History
Two days of flipping stress followed. Jeez, the good life. I’m sure I spent the waking hours biting my finger nails and my lip. Michelle kept telling me to stop, but I couldn’t help it. I was terrified of who Stanley Snr was. More to the point, I was equally terrified of who I might become. I only ever wanted to be a good chap. I’d be damned if I was going to strip off my bio-suit now. Sorry, Michelle.
I was broody in the house, wrapped in an animal hide, moping around on little sleep. My nerves were gnawed. So were Michelle’s! She couldn’t cope, and suggested we go for a walk to shake the blues away, [for both our sakes!]. I shouted, ‘Yes! By golly!’. And we exited quite quickly. There are only so many small circles you can tolerate in a tiny hut. A straight line would leave our throes behind. It was just what we needed. We hoped. What we found, on the other hand, answered all my fears.
Straight away we noticed the atmosphere. The villages had lost their buzz. Shutters closed, chimneys closed, streets closed. We were the only ones out. No neighbours, no home builders, no pedestrians. As if in the two days I’d been stepping on Michelle’s toes and nerves, the Underdwellers had packed up and gone. But gone where? What were they up to? If it was their choosing. I thought of my immediate worry – were the Aegeans playing games with us?
Having not seen a soul in the Gaul’s, or the Basqueian’s, or the Egyptian’s, regions we found ourselves in the open common. It was the central hub. The variety of races living here, or at least that used to, would be the spokes to the wheel. It was here the Scientist had given his monumental speech and nearly choked himself to death. It was normally a central park for the community, grown ups greeting grown ups, children playing with children, but to be the only two standing there, [three with buddy], was alien, eerie, and wrong. Something was very wrong. The children had vanished. All around us was a neglected chill. As if the Reichians had finally caught up with them. Or the Aegeans had. I didn’t like this one bit.
‘What do you think, buddy?’
He chirped he didn’t know.
‘Me neither,’ I said. ‘Are you getting anything, Michelle?’
‘All I’ve been getting is a headache from you!’ She calmed a bit. ‘Okay. I’ll try to reach out.’
We made it to the middle of the common, thinking of exploring the other side where the Zulus and the Germans lived, but Michelle needed to concentrate, so we paused there. Not feeling safe even out here. I had a terrible thought this was because of me. They were fine until I arrived. What had I done? But that was nothing compared to what Michelle was thinking.
Her frown of concentration suddenly creased into a severe pain.
‘Ow!’ she cried. ‘Stanley, we’re in danger!’
‘What?’
‘We’re in danger! We’ve got to get out of here!’
‘Out of the park?’
‘No! The Underworld! It’s not safe anymore. We’ve got to get out!’
‘But this is home now!’
‘Not any more, Stanley! We’ve got to get out! Back to the laboratory at least! Quickly, love!’
I thought she sensed the Reichians were near. That man had found us!
We turned to run, but we didn’t know where to go. Within moments of being alone, we were surrounded! The park for children had become a battlefield. At each spoke they massed in their races. Segregated now. Their peace was broken. Each had brought their hatred and destruction with them. No wonder Michelle’s empathy caused her pain. That’s all they had in their minds. Every avenue was jammed with the snarls and growls of men, [and women], bursting with war. And we couldn’t get out. Oh my life. We were trapped! These were supposed to be our friends.  
Instantly we understood why the children had been kept away. This was a playground for adults now. It was no place for the vulnerable, which was exactly how we felt.
‘Stanley.’
Michelle’s voice was drowned out by the incredible roar of the savage human. It came from all around us. This was unbelievable. I only hoped it was a dream. But I couldn’t believe that any more.
The warriors charged. From every spoke of the wheel came a rush of axes, hammers, spears and screams. The Zulu with their frightening war paint and drummed shields; the Samurai with their terrifying body armour and raised swords; the Basques with their intimidating farmers’ tools and scythes; the Gauls with their alarming absence of arms and an open-handed assault policy. The Saxons, the Native Americans, the Romans.
And the Vikings. Worst of all, the Vikings. Not because of their overhead axes and swinging hammers. But because of who was leading them. It was the Scientist! It was Stanley Snr! My grandson of years to come! What was he doing here? What was he doing to us? The tallest and fiercest of them all. Spearheading the attack and as ferocious as anyone closing in. My fear had come true on a field of battle.
I didn’t have time to feel betrayed. They were charging straight for us. Michelle pulled me down and we shrank into the smallest ball, our arms trying to cover every part of us from harm. buddy was screaming in fright. I think I was too. While Michelle yelled for me to stay down no matter what happened.
I kept my head down in strain as the wind of legs and bodies, the dirt-kicking stampede of feet, and the hideous clash of swords and axes and shields and heads etc sounded all around us, terribly near and inescapably everywhere. We heard the swish and the scream, the clunk and the club, the stab and the horrible twist. We heard the fighters fall and the moaning whimper. It was like being trapped inside a hurricane of bodies and knives. It was a whirlwind that mixed laughter with yelling, grunting with bellowing, horrible snaps, horrible gurgles, horrible slices. It was just as well I had my head down. If I could see what I could hear, my sanity would have died. 
It went on and on, no end to the lunges and the efforts and the bangs of shields, and the crashes of metal on metal, wood on wood, and fist on face. It was totally awful, and, just when I thought it couldn’t get any worse, hands grabbed me from above and yanked me onto my feet!
Michelle felt me go. Like a roof coming off her house. And she was on her feet even the same time as me.
‘Get off him!’ she screamed. Her face bulging with knots of fury. I didn’t have the breath to be shocked.
Michelle jumped straight for me. She gripped my shoulders and swung her feet round me and into the assaulter. Her well-placed heels sent him flying and we tumbled to the ground, quick to stand up and fight for our lives.
We didn’t look at the carnage of people in the park, we could only focus on the fight right by us.
‘Grab an axe!’ shouted Michelle.
In seconds we were back to back covering our tight circle to defend each other. A Gaul came near and we took his legs from under him, striking him in the head to finish him off.
‘You liars!’ ‘You cheaters!’ ‘You animals!’ ‘How could you?’
We shouted at them, within our radius, never taking our eyes off any of the survivors who still had fight in them. A Viking had the misfortune of turning to engage with us, and, livid as I was with the disgrace of my relative, I didn’t give him a chance. My axe flew at him. It left my hands! and took him to the ground. He gave a groan but didn’t get up. I found a sword from a Samurai and held it in front of me. It was unbloodied, despite coming out of an Egyptian, but I didn’t notice. 
Michelle gave a scream as her axe nearly lifted the head off a Gaul, his arms couldn’t defend the blow. I couldn’t believe we were doing so well. We’d taken three warriors off the field and we were still upright. Could this be happening? And where was the Scientist? I wanted him to be my kill. He’d betrayed everyone. He’d given away his newfound knowledge for the purpose of....this! He deserved to die more than anyone.
‘Stanley!’ I started yelling. ‘Stanley Snr! Where are you? Where are you, you bastard?’
I doubt he could hear me in the noise and fracas. 
Michelle whacked another Gaul down. We must have been in their patch. In front of me, I could only see Vikings attacking Samurai. But I couldn’t find him.
Some of the Basqueians charged into the Vikings causing a split, and they clanged and screamed together, disgustingly happy and delirious with their playing, sticking claws into people and thrusting and pummelling with whatever worked to win the fight. I was appalled. I was sickeningly appalled. I honestly thought these people, these proud races, were better than this. But, obviously, I was wrong. Put a weapon in their hands and they’ll show you their savage nature. So easily. So disappointingly. This is what they are made of. This is how you can tell. And they were nothing at all. These people were nothing. To think, I thought I’d found my home. I just couldn’t believe what I was seeing.
Michelle dropped another Gaul. They were having such a hard time. Good old Michelle. I wondered if she was seeing Georgian Longue in their faces? It was likely. I only saw my disappointing grandson.
I could feel the bloodlust rising inside me as my disgust turned to anger. But I was determined not to be like them. I didn’t want to fight. I just wanted to stay upright until it was over.
It was nearing that final stage. Battles never last long, I’d learned. I just hoped they wouldn’t focus on us to finish off the ones standing. Then it occurred to me – that’s exactly what they were about to do.
‘I know, Stanley,’ said Michelle. ‘We have to get out of here.’
Being surrounded by a bloodbath and still-hungered bloodhounds, it was difficult to know where to retreat to. But, since the Viking split we saw more of the ground ahead of us and leading to our road. All around our defended spot, the surviving heads had turned to us and made me feel great fear. They’d all frozen, weapons clenched, faces focussed. I’d seen that poise in cats before they pounce on poor mice. They didn’t wiggle their bums like cats do, but they didn’t need to. They were deathly still, and I waited for the cries of battle to bring them to life and charge down on us.
I knew how the mouse felt. No wonder his eyes bulge in terror. Mine were too.
‘Michelle.’
She pushed me, and we briskly pushed through the Vikings’ turf, placing our feet on singular patches of soil. Carefully. I wanted to run, but there wasn’t the stretch of free field to do so, and we couldn’t risk falling. That would be the end of us. I didn’t look up, just kept my head down searching for the dotted route out of here.
Then something incredible and weird made me freeze too. It was a voice. It called to me. Bizarrely I recognised it, and only too well. But it wasn’t a voice of the enemy. It was the usual, familiar and jolly voice I’d known to love and respect since coming here. It said,
‘Hello! What are you doing here?’
I couldn’t believe it. It was the Scientist! I darted my looks around the field. Fully confused about what to see and how to interpret my jungle of feelings. Hate? Anger? Relief? I didn’t know, but definitely confusion. Quickly I found he was nowhere, nowhere standing at least.
‘Down here, old friend.’
Amazingly, he was right by me feet.
I had to look twice. I actually did a double-take, the kind you see in Laurel and Hardy. Here we were, trapped in the heat of a war zone, all knives pointing at us, all warriors timing to release like springed cats on harmless mice, surrounded by the dead and no chance of escape to anywhere safe for centuries. Me and my love, hand in hand, [buddy wrapped in pleats in my hair], poised to run for our lives, and right before us, eyes down, lying flat on his back, a two-pronged axe dug in his chest, lay the Scientist. My greatest grandson. He should be dead by normal standards. But he didn’t look it at all. He didn’t even appear to be in pain. In fact, his feet were crossed in repose and he was twiddling his thumbs! I couldn’t quite encompass what I was supposed to be seeing. Had the world gone mad? Or was it just me?
‘Old friend?’ I gasped. ‘What are you doing? What do you think you are doing? Why are you on the floor?’
‘One of the first to go actually. Well, the first to be honest. Not much good at this kind of thing. Just thought I’d join in for the hell of it. Turned out all right, if my ears are anything to go by. How did it look to you?’
‘I’m sorry?’ I exclaimed, startled. ‘What the hell are you talking about? This is a bloody battle!’
‘Yes I know,’ he answered casually. ‘It’s what everybody wanted.’
‘What everybody-? Look! We’ve got to go! We’re just about to end up like you!’
‘No, no, it’s alright,’ he said.
‘But you’re dead, for god’s sake!’
‘Nonsense. I can’t be, I’m talking to you.’ That was true. ‘You’re safe, old chap. Besides, I think it’s all over now. Everybody’s stopped. Take a look around you.’
So I did. And from what I could see, he was right. The warriors who were still standing, were doing exactly and only that, still standing. They hadn’t moved. They pointed at us, their weapons held at the ready, but they hadn’t moved. Nothing had changed since I first felt like a mouse about to be eaten. The only thing that had changed, was my perception. 
They weren’t cats any more. They were people again. And they were watching us differently too. As if they were surprised to see us here. [Bloody hell. They were surprised!] But the menace had gone from the field. It had definitely gone. The air had turned and the fire had blown out. It felt incredibly safe to be here again. But, goodness gracious, what on earth were we standing in?
‘These are bodies,’ I tried to reason. ‘Dead bodies.’
‘Stanley,’ said Michelle, pressing my hand. ‘They’re not. They’re alive.’
She turned to the axed man by our feet. 
‘You were just playing, weren’t you?’
‘Yes,’ he said, coughing, trying to shift the blade from his sternum. ‘Yes of course. You know me, I wouldn’t hurt a fly.’
‘Well, this might hurt,’ said Michelle, reaching for the handle.
‘Not at all. Just give it a yank.’
‘Okay.’
A schlurp came with the wrench and the axe was dropped carefully on an open patch of the playground. Miraculously, [actually, quite typically of this fellow of ours], there wasn’t a trace of damage on him. There was no blood, the clothes weren’t ripped, he wasn’t even dirty. There was nothing at all. Another explanation awaited us.
As we helped the Scientist to his feet, the rest of the dead started to rise too. Implements vertical were pulled out easily and there was the curiously pleasing clatter of discarded weaponry, quite musical, as the fallen began finding the use of their arms and legs, reaching upwards as people, standing as if woken from a sleep and having a good yoga stretch. They exercised the parts most affected by the fights, and then, just as incredibly as everything else, they started shaking each other’s hands! As if the whistle had been blown at the end of a friendly football match!
I just couldn’t believe what I was seeing. What had the world turned into?
‘Michelle?’
‘Yes. Yes,’ she answered, slowly, as dumbfounded as me. ‘It’s over, love. My head is clear again.’
‘I wish mine was.’
The Scientist chuckled. ‘Perhaps a demonstration would paint a thousand words?’
‘Yes it would.’
‘Excellent! David and Alex! I have a favour to ask.’
Alex was bent over her colleague trying to prise a Samurai sword out of his chest. It seemed to be deeply embedded and difficult to remove. I sensed a sheen of guilt come over me, as I recalled it was me who put it there. I thought my misplaced rage had used a little more gusto than the play acting was meant for. Oh dear.
‘Is he all right?’ I asked, concerned as the chest rose with the sword, not letting go.
‘Yes, quite fine,’ David answered, giving me a wave as he fell to the ground again. Blimey, Alex was strong.
‘Viking blood,’ said the Scientist, reading my face. ‘Oh well, let’s try someone else.’
He called two hirsute giants over, gave them a short briefing, and then said, 
‘Something’s happened to us, my friends. We’ve discovered our ancient DNA and it has made us tougher, but, quite simply, we’ve also become ‘softened’.’ He did the speechmarks thing. ‘We’re not just human any more. We are Software too. Just a bit. On the surface. See?’
He rubbed his palms together and visible static glowed slightly in the friction.
‘I think it’s the air down here, from the time wave. What it means, young Stanley, is we can take a beating. That’s especially true if the very beatings come from programmed interfaces, like these axes. It’s like being hit by cushions. The injuries cause little pain, and are instantly re-sealed once the interface separates. Like this: fire away, gentleman.’
Crikey, didn’t they just! Within a minute both had hammered chunks out of each other. They laughed like it was a pillow fight, and with so much abandon in their onslaught, they both ended up on the floor.
‘Yikes,’ I said.
‘Not at all!’ remarked Stanley Snr. ‘Up you get, fellas!’
And they did. Helping themselves like gents in a harmless sport. No bruises, no blood. Just magic. They nodded to us, picked up their bludgeons and walked away. Don’t ask me how, but they did.
‘But that means you can do anything!’ said Michelle.
‘Down here, yes. Special rules. There’s an echo from the time wave, it reverberates continuously through the Underworld. It protects us. Whilst we stay down here, we are perfectly safe. Of course!’ He eyed me directly. ‘We are still human beings and we are still damageable. Angred’s foot, for instance, Stanley! But the Software, whatever shape it takes, can’t hurt us.’
‘And now,’ said David, finally on his feet, ‘we can live our life to the absolute maximum. The maximum that gives us total freedom. We’ve got the genes, and now we’ve got the technology.’
‘We can eat as much as we like,’ added Alex. ‘We can play as much as we like, we can work and we can fight without limit. We can wage wars just as our hotted blood demands. And, the great thing is, we never hurt a soul.’
‘Yes. I think the human species has finally found its calling,’ concluded the Scientist. ‘We can live our lives as fully as we used to, thousands of years ago, but in this time and space we never harm anyone. We have equality. We have medicine. We have humanity. We are the people of the future. A people from the past we have always desired to be. Peaceful. Harmless. Strong. And the proudest that we have ever been.’
‘Unlike the monsters above us,’ reflected Michelle.
‘Yes, exactly! Their total freedom nearly cost the lives of everyone. Billions had to die. They nearly wiped us out. And they would have done too, if we hadn’t gone into hiding. How stupid is that? But look at us! Just look at us! We’ve got it right! We can live again and by golly will we!’
I was beginning to believe him. 
‘I told you we’d made progress!’ My greatest grandson was ecstatic. And from what I’d just seen and heard, he had every good reason to be.
‘Yes,’ I said. 
‘Right,’ said the man. ‘It’s time for tea. Coming?’
In a moment, I told him, and watched him walk away with his top students carrying his unused double hammer.
‘You were right, Michelle love. These are the finest people in the world.’
‘We’ve found our people, hun. We’ve found our home. Our journey is over.’
I hugged my Michelle. I soaked in her breathing and gorgeous smelling unwashed hair. I squashed my ear against hers. I pulled the small of her back toward me. I wanted to imprint her life into my soul. I wanted her to be a part of me forever. She wanted the same too. She whispered to me, ‘Tonight, my love. It’s tonight for the two of us. No more excuses. buddy can sleep with the Gauls tonight.’
‘Yes, okay,’ I whispered, excited, bit nervous. ‘I think it’s time to take our bio-suits off and join the real world, don’t you?’
‘Yes, my love. I think it’s safe now.’
And we kissed. As the tribal people gathered their tools and filtered off the playing fields, I squeezed and held her tight. I kissed her until time stood still between us. I kissed her and she kissed me, stopping only for breath. Hearing the world around us, we realised this was the life we had wanted, the safe, peaceful life in a world that couldn’t hurt us. Eventually we stood alone on the battlefield. In each other’s arms, nose on nose, body warmth shared and the gentleness of bliss in our eyes. I knew I’d found my perfect piece of heaven. I’d never been so happy. Ever. I’d made it, guys. I’d made it! 
And that night with Michelle, [buddy sleeping with Claude], that night was the greatest of my life. I never knew it could feel like that. It was heaven. Pure heaven. The reality of which far exceeding any fantasy I could imagine. What’s more, as the time wave filtered into our genes and reverted us to our ancestral roots, to belong in the Underworld as part of its people, it looked to be our forever too. The joy was simply overwhelming. And I couldn’t believe it had happened to me...

Roll credits. End of film. Box office glory and awards all round, [especially for best screenplay].
At least, you’d expect the story to end there. It’s a natural finale to a tale of time travel, self-discovery and winning the girl. Ending on a highpoint is the normal way to close a story. For most at least. Alas, not for me. I’m afraid there was more to come. It would take me away from my well-deserved highpoint. Little did we know, but something was coming from the darkness of the 23rd Century. Before I knew it, it would take me completely unaware. It would tear me away from Michelle and the glorious people of the Underworld. Giving me a completely different forever to end my days.
And it would be my fault.
All my fault.
My own damn, stupid fault.
Book 4
The end
The stupid end
Chapter Twenty Seven
Me and Michelle woke up hairy. Well, I was hairy. And Michelle was the first to notice. She would do, considering how snugly she lay on me. When she raised her head from sleeping on my cheek, she had those impression marks, where my new beard had been. She looked really cute, not quite understanding what I was smiling about. It was the wrong kind of smile for that! Which confused her a little bit. When she read my mind, she smiled like me.
She’d turned blonde too! The same as me now. I said,
‘We’re not Zulu’s then, Michelle.’
‘God, my hair!’ she said, shocked. ‘I didn’t expect that. Thought I’d stay dark.’
‘You look great. Really suits you.’ I meant it too. Now she really did look golden from head to toe. She didn’t need the magical air any more. Astoundingly beautiful actually.
I stroked my hair, on my head, to see just how hairier I’d become, and I was quite surprised I’d grown a mop overnight. It squeaked too. 
I pushed down on it again to be sure, and it squeaked again. This time with a hint of annoyance. My fingers dipped inside and poor small buddy felt the rude prod. I’m sure he swore at me, like a disturbed field mouse.
I felt a rustling going on, scratching my scalp as he clambered to clear my mess of new hair. He walked onto my forehead, leaning over to see my eyes.
‘Hello,’ I said.
I couldn’t tell if he was angry or not, but then he pressed his pointy nose onto mine, and I swear he gave me a kiss.
‘Ah, buddy,’ said Michelle, enchanted. ‘What a little love. Aren’t we a happy family, Stanley?’
‘Couldn’t ask for more.’
‘Oh I don’t know,’ she pondered, snug on my cheek like before, playing with my alarmingly hairified chest. [Crikey.] ‘There’s one more thing we could hope for.’
‘Erm,’ I said. Did she mean...?
She added, playfully, slowly, in her own time,
‘But, no rush for that. One thing at a time, eh Stanley? My love?’
‘Yes,’ I replied, my mouth suddenly dry. ‘Plenty of time, my honey bun. Plenty of time,’ I added. ‘I need more practice first.’
Michelle laughed, very happily into my cheek.
‘No, honey, you were fine. But we can practice to our hearts’ content. It will never be too much for me.’
She kissed me, most meaningfully and beautifully. And, regardless of the magic we’d shared before, that was the kind of kiss, no, that was the kiss, that would last for a lifetime. A kiss for eternity. I’m still holding that moment now. We could hear the activities of a busy people beyond our clay and straw walls, but it didn’t stop our kiss. It didn’t stop our kiss. Nothing would. The kind of moment that lasts for eternity while you’re there. The appetite for intimate and personal contact forever filled. I can’t tell you the heights my heart took, rising like helium and stretching, pushing inside my whole body. Everywhere tingled and had that pleasant shock of nerves that makes you know something is real in your life. I’d felt the same, in the coffee shop when I first saw Michelle. But that was nothing compared to this. That quickened heartbeat was a fire crackling in a warm hearth in my soul. But this, this my love, was the reason I was born. Born to love and feel the life-giving explosion of a supernova from a rock to a solar system. To the place where life began. To the land where Michelle and me are kissing forever. Forever.
In my heart it’s always there. Especially now. And I thank my lucky star it’s one of the few moments in my life that my memory is so immaculately clear about. No doubt about it. A memory from my life to last a lifetime. Thank you, Michelle. I love you.
The kiss had to end eventually. All things do. But it wasn’t the increased sounds of a busy day breaking through our walls that stopped our kiss. It wasn’t a knock on the door. It wasn’t even buddy feeling left out, missing the attention he often had. It was something else entirely. Something otherly amazing, and startling. The same phenomena that caused us concern on the night of the banquet. The same light. But, this time, it wasn’t just me. The sparks of belly-fire didn’t just come from me. Not this time. They came from Michelle too.
Neither felt it. Not above the electricity in our hearts and bellies that already tingled. We thought it was part of the love. Perhaps it was. We couldn’t say it wasn’t, having never been there before. Never truly knowing what true love felt like, until now. We didn’t object to it being there either. It was welcome. As if the sparkling fire was the physical proof of our love. Something we knew I needed. Being who I am. So we let it flame and dance between us. And the more we kissed, the more we glowed, from the inside to the space between us, melting us and joining us. I’m not even sure it was our bellies that melded together. It might have been something else. Something more vital to our future. I think now that it was. But that’s for later.
Our entire bodies, head to toe of golden Michelle and head to toe of golden Stanley, surrounded by a fire that wouldn’t burn us, a lovefire that didn’t cause us pain. A kind glow that kept our lips in contact, our eyes looking deeply and openly into the us we found. It was a significant moment of our life and it caused us to pause. To reflect and think about just where and when we were in our life, in time and in space. And we knew just by pausing and sharing thought, we knew we didn’t want to be anywhere else. This was the moment, above all moments, when we knew we’d found heaven.
The kiss was the seal and the confirmation of our forever. It was over now. A parted kiss, but forever sealed. We needed nothing more. 
As our lips separated, so the glow faded away. A hum we hadn’t noticed before came to an end also, and above the rising quiet, we heard buddy stressing for our wellbeing, like a child between us, he was crying for our safety. Not realising we were the happiest and the safest we had ever been in our lives.
‘We’re all right, buddy,’ I said to him, to soothe him. ‘We’re all right.’
‘More than all right, Stanley,’ she said. ‘We’re perfect.’
And we kissed again. An ordinary kiss. But only the kind lovers do when all is shared. The satisfying kind. You’ve all been there. Then we got up, to begin a brand new day.
I still don’t understand the magic, but the biosuits we’d removed in the night, had undergone a transformation too. The timewave had finally caught up with them. Instead of a futuristic synthi-thread, they’d reverted to the organic handmade cloth befitting a Viking and his wife. Identical apart from size. We dressed happily and left our home for the streets of an equally happy people.
Was it the perception of love that made everything look beautiful? Or had the Underworld become more beautiful by itself? Didn’t seem possible. It must have been our love.
‘Crikey,’ I said. ‘What a fresh day.’
‘There you are!’ called a familiar voice. ‘I see you’ve become trendy at last!’ He referred to our blending appearance. Must say, we felt trendy. A sense of belonging that we already had but was enhanced by our 6th Century fashion code. It was a lovely fit, and the sandals didn’t hurt either. Neither did the Scientist’s pair obviously. He was as bouncy as everyone else today. Perhaps his newly grown socks helped. [To be honest, he did look a tad silly. But here, it didn’t matter.]
‘Nice socks, dude,’ I said.
‘Thank you. Just the ticket. Don’t know how our ancestors survived without them. Gosh what a day! Have you seen what I’ve done?’
‘No, we’ve just got up,’ said Michelle, holding my arm.
We could tell he’d been busy, his magic pencil looked tired for one thing. White hot. And he had that expectant father look about him again.
As my eyes adjusted to the brilliance around me, I realised it wasn’t me after all. The Scientist had been very busy! I could see a whole new world.
‘That’s grass!’ I exclaimed.
‘Yes it is. Adds to the place, don’t you think?’
Not surprisingly, buddy suddenly became excitable. He hopped and bounced like a flea on my head, jumped onto my shoulder and squealed in delight at the thought of making new friends.
‘Yes, all right, little friend.’
We walked over to the first patch of lawn and buddy ran across my arm, springboarding like a diver. The grass swelled and bobbed as a new fellow joined the party, all squealing with joy. Briefly, I thought I’d never see him again, but felt sure I would. He wouldn’t leave me, would he?
‘The food situation is restored!’ said the Scientist, like a Nobel winner. ‘It was a mistake to eat the damn stuff in its original form. It all tastes of shampoo, according to the Gauls. But they’re better now, and food, as they say, is on the table!’
‘Goodo!’ we said.
Then Michelle noticed, ‘The roof is blue! Sky blue!’
‘Yes, I’ve been adding colour to our new world. Green grass, blue ceiling, timber for town halls, fruit for trees, water for wells, you name it. I’ve been there!’ He added a bit furtively, ‘A few errors along the way, of course.’
‘Oh, of course.’
‘As you know, all trial and error brings its hiccups.’
‘Naturally.’
‘What kind of hiccups?’ asked Michelle.
‘Well,’ he went on, ‘that darned chrysalis seemed to be a default setting. I’m afraid we’ve hundreds of the blighters now, in their swarms. Pretty. But it took me a few goes to get the hang of it all. We’ve lots of rabbits now too!’
‘That’s handy,’ I said, charmed.
‘The good news is, if I don’t like my first creation, I can rejig it into something else.’ He waved his wand/pencil in the air. ‘Only trouble is, it’s tricky to catch the buggers if they’ve got legs or wings.’
‘Yes I expect so.’
‘Butterflies and rabbits are notoriously flighty. So until we catch them, they stay as they are. Humph.’
‘It all looks lovely, Mr Senior,’ praised Michelle.
‘Where are the rabbits?’
‘They took a dive into the vaults. We’ll never catch them.’
‘Pesky varmints.’
‘Still, I’m sure they’re as happy as rabbits though.’
‘It’s that kind of world.’ 
‘It is for us,’ added Michelle, to me. ‘A perfect world to do some creating of our own.’ 
She kissed me on my cheek, knowing what she meant. I knew too. So did my great....grandson.
I’m sure I was the first Viking to blush down to my toes. Michelle and Stanley Snr laughed at my sudden bashfulness. I smiled with them. We had a new bond, never to be broken. We all knew what Michelle meant. It was inevitable really. My great...grandson would not be here otherwise. That’s what the blushing was for. Becoming a parent. It was my greatest dream, coming true. We were starting to feel like a family.
‘Look at you, lover!’ sighed Michelle.
‘Yes,’ I said. ‘I think the future’s in motion.’
My blushing didn’t die down. I realised why we’d shared the bellyfire. I looked at Stanley Snr, and saw my likeness in him more than ever before. I told him,
‘Your future’s safe too, old mate. A family is in the making. And so is our family tree.’
‘It started this morning,’ confirmed Michelle. ‘We had a message from the Gentle People. We’re going to be all right. We’re going to be all right.’
In our blushes, our smiles, our laughs, and in our hugs, we knew we were going to be just fine. The new world was beautiful, and we had a beautiful role in its continued growth. And, this time, we really couldn’t ask for any more. We had indeed found heaven, and heaven had found a place for us.
Everybody remarked quite cheerily about our new appearance and glow. The children were running with toys and new pets, [including the flighty kind], and me and Michelle would watch them, waiting patiently for our turn. We knew it was coming. Patience was all we needed.
Time went by quicker and quicker, it does when there’s nothing but loving bliss in your thoughts and kisses, and the days turned into more days, turning into weeks and more weeks, and it seemed it would never end. But it did. It all came apart for us when David and Alex returned from a Vault expedition, bringin with them a surprising discovery. And it was nothing to do with how many rabbits they’d found. 
It was to do with Nicole.
She’d been calling for me. 
Chapter Twenty Eight
‘Hello, Mr Jefferson.’
It was the same nose. That same superior poise. But more as a friend this time. Not something I expected to see at all. 
We sat, as Vikings and scientists, in a semi-circle in the old laboratory cave, under the pale blue shine of an old HD monitor. It was new to the scientists, who were absorbed in the spectacle alone, but I was brought up on tv, so sitting there felt like old times. For Michelle too. But it didn’t amuse her the way it amused me. It didn’t amuse her at all. 
‘We discovered an energy source,’ had said David, still dusty from his expedition, helping Alex push the barrow that was full of treasures. ‘No idea how long it’s been there for.’
‘What was it?’ I asked, joining in the push.
‘A red light. It pulsed at irregular intervals. Turned out to be Morse code.’
‘Really?’ I exclaimed. Not sure why I was so excited. It wasn’t homesickness – I was already home. Just feeling excitable, I suppose. And carefree. Curses. ‘S.O.S?’
‘Actually, no. But it was most definitely a cry for help.’
‘How do you know?’ asked Michelle.
‘Four letters. Repeated over and over again.’
David and Alex spoke together, ‘S.T.A.N.’
‘But that’s me!’
‘Yes, we know.’
‘Crikey, but how come?’
‘We traced the source to this.’
Alex patted the casing of the screen.
‘That’s a tv!’ I said. ‘Never thought I’d see one of those again. Wonder what’s on?’ I joked. Alone.
‘We’ll find out soon enough,’ said Alex.
And there we were, in the laboratory, glued to the tv. 
Michelle smelled a rat even before the thing was switched on. But there was nothing to stop my runaway enthusiasm. My curiosity was viking. I had everything going for me. I felt terrifically strong and wholesome, and didn’t think that a bit of adventure could hurt me, or any of us. Saw no harm in it at all. Why would I?
‘How is it powered?’ I asked.
‘Regenerative battery. Could last for centuries. Well, it has lasted for centuries. This model harks back to the 23rd Century.’
‘Really?’ It’s relevance evaded me. ‘They don’t build them like they used to.’
buddy had been as quiet as Michelle. He was sitting on her shoulder with his two friends from the lawn. There were three of them now. They were inseparable, not only from each other, but from us as well. I’m sure I could hear the little fellow discretely growling, but thought nothing of it. Perhaps Michelle was doing the same? In her own Michelle way, of course. Had no idea at the time. 
Too eager to watch the damn tv.
Up against the cave wall, it hummed into activity all of its own. It seemed to know when to wake up. Alex and David looked back to the group. 
‘That wasn’t us,’ they said, stepping away from its shelf.
‘Ha,’ I remarked. ‘A sentient television. Makes a change.’
It began with a white dot, the hum turning into a ring, and suddenly it went poof! just like my grandma’s analogue antique, and the screen refocused onto a display of officious text. It said, 
For the attention of Stanley Arthur Jefferson
d.o.b. 10.09.1968
Very Urgent and Most Secret
Quantum Pocket Recording. Live Feed Option
Message Author: Nicole Fox [Lt. Order of Swiss Fourth]

Nicole? This shocked those that knew her. Fury and fear instantly consumed Michelle. Her sustained glance and apprehension drilled into me, and I shared it initially. But, to my shame, I lost it as the message unfolded. If the buddy’s had ears or hairs they would have been raised like a cat’s. They were erect on their tiny legs, practically hissing at the screen, not knowing why, of course. They were copying Michelle in her reaction.
A frozen frame emerged on the screen. A paused picture of the agent herself. I could feel the hatred from my love. 
Stanley Snr was the first to break the silence. 
‘She was in the coffee shop! One of the Reichian swines.’
‘Yes, she was,’ scowled Michelle. ‘What does she want?’
We were soon to find out. As the image moved into motion, I tried to grip Michelle’s hand, but they were already gripped into themselves, like fists in a vice. Somebody had got on the wrong side of my lady. I didn’t fancy their chances.
I didn’t know who to look at. But then the image started to speak.
‘Hello, Mr Jefferson,’ it said. ‘We meet again.’
‘Erm, hello,’ I answered, foolishly.
‘I owe you a good deal of explanation. Let me begin with the hardest facts. I understand this may confuse you. I do not work for the Time Division of the British Government. I certainly do not work for the Fourth Reich of the 23rd Century. Since the beginning I have been a secret agent of the Gentle Aegeans. I am from the future, Mr Jefferson. I was sent on a secret mission to monitor the handling of our technology. Such dangerous sophistication should not be left in the hands of children. Sadly, this is precisely who we gave it to. We have not been pleased with our ambassador’s choice of guardian. We are not pleased with your people at all. Your authorities should know their agents. Placing trust in a single man is a mistake we Aegeans would never make. We would never allow so few to harm so many. Yet time and time again your history is riddled with this failing. Not only trusting the few, but the few you know nothing about. Blame yourselves for your past. Blame yourselves for Georgian Longue. He is infamous in our Age. He is infamous in your future. He caused the deaths of billions. But he is still only one man.
‘You are only one man, Mr Jefferson, and we need you to help us. We need you to come back. Please come to us and help us.’
‘Who am I?’ The question came out of me, quite involuntarily. It just fell out of me. I didn’t want to know. I really didn’t want to know. I’d never asked it before. I feared the knowledge would separate me from Michelle and deny me my heaven. Even if Michelle might have known, I never wanted to ask her. She didn’t want me to tell me either. I think she shared my fear. 
But this was the first time I ever asked. And I regretted asking it. Literally. I regretted asking it.
Fortunately, I thought, I was only asking a tv screen. So my error was quickly rescued. The tv couldn’t hurt me. I hoped.
But then, that’s precisely what it did do.
The moving image of Nicole froze. Almost as if reacting to my question. As if I’d put my foot in it. As if I’d offended the offendable. Just the kind of ploy she would play to win a point. But it wasn’t a ploy.
It wasn’t even a reaction. The picture had frozen at the sound of my voice. The recording was being transplaced into a live stream. I know that, because those words were flashing in the top corner. A signal bar grew in strength as time was channelled through the centuries to reach me. It didn’t take long to bridge three hundred years. The frozen Nicole blotted away to reveal a live transmission of a living, breathing Nicole, a change of clothes and hairstyle, and a repeated glance at her top corner to see we were linked.
‘Mr Jefferson. Hello,’ she said, still not smiling. [It would probably have killed her.] ‘I am very relieved to see you are well. I never cared for Georgian Longue’s methods. I never agreed with your treatment. He did not need to lie to you, and he did not need to hurt you. But, Georgian Longue is an evil man and knows no other way. I am sorry, Mr Jefferson. I am very sorry.
‘But we need you.’
I didn’t want to say anything. Because I didn’t want to know. But the truth was knocking on my door. And I was fool enough to answer it.
‘What do you want with me?’ I said with difficulty. ‘Just who am I?’
‘You are a time sensitive. A crono-nucleic power source. One of a kind. A unique example of hereditary temporality. However, there is a force of evil that wants your power to destroy civilisation.’
I said nothing. This was a lot to take in. 
‘Allow me to explain. Georgian Longue is a compulsive liar. He rarely told you the truth.’
‘Like osmoscience?’
‘Fabrication. As was most of his narration to you. Let me tell you where the story really begins. The origin of time travel. The origin of all our troubles began here. Where you are now. In Stanley Jefferson IX’s laboratory. The guilty party is your great grandson of the 24th Century.’
An awkward, low rumbling grumble came from my larger namesake, and all heads, including the buddies, turned to face him.
‘Oh?’ I said. ‘Something you’ve been keeping from us?’
‘Erm,’ he managed. ‘Well.... I might have had something to do with it.’
‘Like what?’
‘Allow me to go on,’ educated Nicole. ‘There was never any ill intent behind your grandson’s actions, Mr Jefferson. It was all quite accidental.’
‘Yes. Absolutely,’ he added, checking his feet, as an alternative to making eye contact. ‘Quite accidental.’
‘During his experiments with metaphysical singularities, he chanced upon a multi-particled perimeter black hole. An insignificant concentrate of no concern to anyone. However, unfortunately for the future and safety of the human race, and the planet Earth, your grandson grew overly curious and hopelessly careless.’
‘What did he do?’
‘I just wanted to see the blasted thing without magnification. They’re quite rare, you know.’
‘On a planet full of life, they have to be. Otherwise there would be no life.’
‘Yes, well,’ defended the Scientist, ‘fair’s fair. I did displace its gravitational pull in exchange for a harmless temporal bridge before I magnified it into that. [He thumbed at the black hole behind us.] It wasn’t strictly a black hole when I fed it replication quarks. I don’t believe for a second the Earth was under threat from sucking itself inside out. As far as black holes go, you and I were perfectly safe.’
‘What went wrong?’ I asked, pretending to keep up.
‘I underestimated the local temporal effect. I wasn’t expecting to turn into a Viking, for heaven’s sake!’
‘It was more influential than that, I’m afraid. It wasn’t just local.’
‘No,’ he added on reflection, looking at me. ‘Sorry, old boy.’
‘So,’ I added, glancing at Michelle who already knew. ‘What did it do to me?’
‘It converted you into an energy source, Mr Jefferson. An incredibly powerful one. Although, your gift could never power a national grid or even a light bulb. It is strictly limited to time travel. You were the power behind the timehole. It can’t work without you.’
‘And that’s what Georgian Longue wanted? My power?’
‘Yes. We chose him because of his position in a most exulted government. We thought he had been screened and checked. So we charged him with rounding up the Scientist’s forefathers who had reached the critical point of DNA maturation. You would have been the first. You were an epicentre of radiation. There was a danger your world would be affected also. So you had to be removed. Peacefully. This was Georgian Longue’s only remit. But, being who he is, he betrayed everyone.’
‘We know what he did.’
‘But what do you need me for?’ I asked, still not wanting to know. I just had to ask.
‘To charge down the timehole. To shut down the black hole. To deny the Reichians their bridge head into history. We can’t do it without you.’
I needed time to think. Let alone travel through it.
‘Would the people come back? The billions wiped out? Would they be brought back alive?’ It was Stanley Snr who asked this. I think his conscience was playing on him.
‘With Mr Jefferson on our side, a successful reversal is very likely. We could eradicate the invaders before they cause any harm. We hope so, at least. Stanley,’ she used my first name, ‘you have to come back to us. We need you to save humanity. Will you do it? Will you do it?’
Chapter Twenty Nine
Of course I’d do it. I had to. My Viking blood would have it no other way.
But Michelle wasn’t happy. We had to have a private moment.
‘This isn’t right!’
‘They need me, Michelle. I’ve got to go.’
‘Of course you’d have to go if it was the truth. But it doesn’t feel right, to me.’
We were knees-together in a quiet corner of our home. Our hands cold, clammy but pressed like a mould, the fire between us burning inside our hearts.
I asked, ‘Was she genuine, do you think?’
‘I don’t know, Stanley. There’s something not right about all this.’
‘Like what?’
‘I don’t know!’ My poor love was highly distressed. But what could I do? ‘All right then,’ she argued, ‘why can’t I  go? Why only you?’
‘Because of the dangers. Nicole said so. I’m full of this cronocleic DNA. It should protect me, but the suits for you don’t exist anymore. The time wave reduced them to water.’
‘I want to come with you!’
‘You can’t! The winds will tear you apart. It won’t be a picnic for me, but at least I’ll come out in one piece.’ I added, ‘And I’ll be back in five minutes. Nicole promised me.’
‘Don’t want to trust her, Stanley. There’s something funny about her.’
‘Yes, I know, she’s an Aegean. She’s not like us. It explains her uppity manner, I suppose. Well, and her lack of personality. I thought it was because she was a Reichian. But she’s not. She’s not one of them. She’s not even human. It makes sense now. I’m sure we can trust her.’
‘I’m not, Stanley.’
‘But why not?’
‘I don’t know! I can’t tell you why. It’s just a feeling. Can’t you stand by me on this?’
‘I want to. Of course I do.’
‘But,’ she faltered. Then, ‘I can’t say why not. I’m not being selfish. I just don’t think you should go. What if you don’t come back?’
‘I will. Five minutes tops. That’s nothing to us, is it?’
‘I wish you’d listen to me.’
‘I listen to you all the time. But there’s no reason why I shouldn’t go. You can’t tell me why not. Look, I’ll be back in a minute. Back to you. And our home here.’ Then my sincerity spread my heart wider. ‘It’s not about going, Michelle. It’s about coming back, feeling worthwhile at last amongst all these noble people. I don’t measure up to them yet. But I will if I do this. I have to go, Michelle. I have to go to come back. Please understand.’
To my shame I was incredibly excited about going. It had come to me at long last when I could finally contribute to a world that was kind and generous to me. I’d felt quite useless living off the hard labours of the Underworlders. But now that would change. I would have a feather in my cap. My rent would be paid. I would feel as proud and brave and fulfilled as everyone else in my personal heaven. And Michelle would love me forever. Besides, History would return to normal. All those people would be saved.
I sigh into my shoes as I tell you this. Because, regardless of the merits of the rescue mission, all I could think about was the thrill of going, of being a Viking for the first time ever, and to be loved and valued by my love when I came back, as a true warrior, fit for my secret agent.
Well, I would pay for my foolishness. If only I’d listened to Michelle. But, at that time, she seemed to be the irrational one. I was just trying to repay the providers. Why couldn’t she understand me? 
It was Fate’s doing really. It has a habit of catching up with you. If I wasn’t meant to be happy, then I wasn’t going to be happy. Fate said so. 
‘All right then! Do it!’ shouted Michelle. I’d never seen her so upset. ‘Just don’t say I didn’t tell you so. There’s something not right with all this. I keep telling you, and you’re not listening to me. You’re making a mistake, Stanley. A big mistake.’
As I held her tight, my great Nordic mitts covering her beautiful blonde hair, I heard her say, ‘Please don’t go.’
I only thought she didn’t understand. I was so assured of Nicole’s new character. I mean, she wasn’t even human. How could she lie? The Aegeans were a noble race. I felt sure I could explain it better when I returned.
I said to Michelle, ‘It doesn’t feel like I’m losing you. Feels like I’m coming back to you as a hero. I need to be a hero to you.’
‘You are a hero to me! Already you are. I see inside you, my love. I know how courageous and strong you are. You don’t have to prove a thing to me.’
‘Yes,’ I confessed. ‘Yes I do.’
And Michelle knew it too. After all, she could see right through me. But what she couldn’t see was the future, and how much more wonderful it was going to be. I was sure of it. But then, I couldn’t see the future either. I just believed I could. Even with heaven in my arms, I still fantasised. But at least I believed we would be together. In a better world with me not wanting for anything anymore. That was a better world, wasn’t it?
‘Are you ready, Mr Jefferson? It won’t take long, Captain Hardy. I guarantee.’
It was the next hour. Only the next hour. There didn’t seem any reason to delay. I’d be back in five minutes. 
‘Toodlepipski, guys!’ I cheered to the cave and its slightly off-footed inhabitants. But not to Michelle. Didn’t seem appropriate, not to her angry face and red soaked eyes. Those eyes that began my journey from a coffee shop to a cave. The eyes I followed from one century to the next, and fell into every chance I could. 
But not now though. Because I’d chosen to fall into the timehole. I’d made a choice to leave. All I had to do was connect to the timehole where Nicole was, and let time-radiated nature take its course. Just my presence would be enough. The mere proximity of my cronocleic DNA would interface and close down the difference with the past. That’s all I had to do. Just be there and let it happen. And I’d be back in five minutes.
‘Kindly position yourself on the platform, Mr Jefferson.’
So I did. With buddy threesome on my shoulders, not wanting to let me go. 
‘Oh no,’ I said to them. ‘Not you guys. You have to stay here.’
They squeaked in protest, but I was adamant.
‘No, fellas, it might be dangerous.’
I realised what I’d said too late and, as I passed them on my finger like a perch to Michelle, I felt terribly guilty about my confession. I shouldn’t have said it. As if my assurance of a return had been a barefaced lie. Michelle appeared even more hurt, but I simply had to go. I apologised with a glance, and then returned to the ledge.
‘Okay, Mr Senior,’ I said, thumbs up. 
My greatest grandson flicked a switch, and the dampeners cleared a space between myself and the chasm. I felt the breeze as Time recognised one of its own. I knew the world would vanish around me and I would reappear somewhere else, in a different century. A destination to meet my fate. But I would return as a hero. That was the plan.
To Michelle, I put my palm up, stretching my hand. Five digits for five minutes. I mouthed the words as reassurance for us both. I winked at her too, and then felt suddenly upset. It was a goodbye after all. But I had to go. 
As the breeze picked up, I heard the Scientist say to David, ‘What else did you find down there?’ His mind was whirling.
David answered, ‘Incredible technology. You wouldn’t believe our discoveries.’
‘I’d like to see for myself.’
‘So would I,’ said Michelle, looking tearfully at me.
‘Back in a minute!’ I chipped, futilely.
‘You’d better be,’ she said, sternly. ‘I won’t forgive you. It’s hard enough to see you go. Why do you have to be so impulsive, Stanley?’
‘But, Michelle, they need me-‘
‘I need you! I need you! Don’t you see that?’
This calmed me down, just as the timehole warmed up. I said, ‘I’ll never leave you.’
Michelle started to say something. Tears filling her eyes. But I couldn’t hear her anymore. The dampener had cleared the buffeting software that normally protected me. I felt the tingle of travel rushing through me, exciting my skin, and, just like before, my body flared into brilliant light. It was an incredible sensation from head to toe. I have to admit, it thrilled me to the bone. I managed a pat on my heart to Michelle. I mouthed the words, ‘I love you,’ and then winds picked me up and threw me away from her. 
I still couldn’t understand why she was so upset to see me go. Nicole the Aegean had promised me it would be a brief mission and a guaranteed return. Why was Michelle so distraught? I was doing the right thing, wasn’t I? Wasn’t I?
I was soon to find out. At the other end of the timehole, Nicole was waiting for me. And the truth dawned on me like a fall from the heavens. 
Chapter Thirty
‘Monsieur Jefferson! Right on time!’ 
The voice that sent a billion souls to their deaths, sent a shiver down my spine. He stood there, smiling, grinning, as confident and expansive as ever, Nicole to his right, not smiling, her nose more elevated and superior than ever, appearing very human indeed. In the instant it had taken to leave my home, it became clear to me. I’d been fooled. Well and truly fooled. Again. Oh, Stanley.
Back in the old Temporal Chamber, I’d materialised exactly when and where they wanted me. The black hole still learing over me. Dominating my fate. The other hole that had sucked Michelle away, still whistling with the outside wind, reminding me I’d lost her once before. And now, whistling the same tune, it told me I’d lost her forever. There was no escape for me now. 
It was as if I’d never left. As if Michelle had just been blown away, and I’d frozen on the spot. But now she was gone. Gone from me forever. And it was my own stupid impulse that had let her go. Oh my life, what had I done? What had I done? I’d thrown her away. I’d thrown paradise away.
Then the dictator said most cruelly, ‘Did you enjoy your dream?’ And he laughed at me. Uproariously he laughed at me. Watching the sky fall out of my world.
Like any victim, I began to half believe my bully, and wondered if it had been a dream after all. I’d doubted it while I was there, or when I thought I was there, and Michelle had cussed my silliness, but Georgian Longue was giving my doubt the truth it craved. Yet I refused to believe him. No. It can’t have been a dream. It had to be real. It still was real.
Yet I’d thrown it away. And that I couldn’t believe either. The good life I’d had was over in a flash. Gone forever. Blown out the hole in the wall. And it was my fault. My own stupid fault. What had I done? What had I done? I couldn’t begin to comprehend, nor dare count the loss. I just watched as a bully laughed at me. And wondered what to do with the rest of my life.
But the Chamber wasn’t quite the same. Things had moved on. The Vikings weren’t here. Don’t know what had happened to them. They might have been liquidated. They’d risked their lives to save me, and I had to ask where they’d gone.
But I didn’t need to. He was reading my mind. An easy skill for him as it turns out. It wasn’t as if he had some great knowledge that made him wise and perceptive, as I’d once thought. He was just an empath. Born with an extra tool. Not his doing, not his earning. No reason to look up to him after all. Illusions were shattering all around me. About bleeding time in some cases! He could see that in me now.
‘Do not worry, Monsieur Jefferson. They are quite safe, secure in our basement, so to speak. But quite alive. We cannot kill people in this accursed age. The powers monitor for necrotic gas emission. Our deeds would soon be discovered. No, your ‘rescuers’ are safely tucked away.’
‘More than can be said for me,’ I remarked.
‘My prodigal friend, how right you are. Safety is not an option for you. As you can see, we have not been idle awaiting your return.’
There weren’t any Vikings, but there were plenty of Reichians. All soldiers of an evil century and halfway through departure. A platoon of them had halted in their tracks, embarking into the timehole that shone with the golden threads of my disentanglement. It was this that had permitted invaders into our History to do goodness knows what. But they were fading now. The door was closing without the glow I’d left behind, and it was blocking the destroyers from entering History. Nicole had lied. They didn’t need me to shut it down. Time would close and heal itself. They needed me to keep it open.
‘Ah yes,’ said the dictator. The ex-Frenchman. To my mind no longer a countryman. The Gauls and everyone from the Underworld had discredited him. ‘I meant to thank you for your earlier contribution. A shame we were interrupted, having such a productive alliance. But nothing, as they say, lasts forever,’ he said cruelly, passing his sentiment to me.
‘However,’ he continued, ‘the vestiges of your first steps to immortality and a meaningful existence for your pathetic self was sufficient to send a few of our elite through the doors of Time. I believe you witnessed the fruits of our endeavours?’
‘You mean the city people?’ I thought of them, blending pity with disgust. ‘They’re a travesty, if that’s what you mean. The most suppressed, miserable bunch of people I have ever seen.’
‘To your eyes, Stanley. Not to ours. Then we are doing well? Excellent.’ He clapped his hands like hitting the jackpot. ‘I thought we would. Unfortunately, the energy residue is fading to near nothing. As you can see, the door to Time is closing and our work is far from complete.’ He glared into me. Evilly. Directly into me. ‘Your Underworlders are the next to go. We needed you back with us. So we let them live. Simple, yes? But they have outlasted their purpose. My thanks to Captain Fox. Without her superb acting skills you would not have come back to us to complete our masterplan. I trust you have had a lovely stay with your future friends. Now they have reached terminale, it is down to you to hold onto their memory. Very soon, Monsieur Jefferson, that will be all that is left of them.’
He was laughing at me, as usual. As he always did. Only now could I see it. And, as always, there was nothing I could do about it. Some thing’s never change. Being at the mercy of the bully was the one constant in my life. The one curse I could never shift. It seemed to be my fate more than anything. It didn’t matter which century I was in. The bully would always seek me out.
But that wasn’t entirely true. I was never always in the company of brutes. In the Underworld they were good people. Especially to me. But, if Georgian Longue had his way, they would be removed from Time. And only the bully would be left to gloat. I couldn’t let that happen any more.
The black hole was gaping for me. The golden remnants of my earlier self were fading. The horrible hole had me in its sights again. Clearing its jaws for a clean swipe, turning into an even darker abyss. It was hungrier than before, having never had a proper bite out of me. Now it had a second chance and would not be thwarted twice. I never thought my life could feel as useless and spent as it did then. Just then, when the past had come back to claim me and let the bully tell me there was no escape from who you are and who you are told to be. For someone like me, the bully in a rotten society would always have the upper hand. 
Those hands were motioning me now. Georgian Longue, Nicole Fox and a couple of the terrible guards instructing me to stand on one spot. To be in alignment with the biggest monster in the Chamber. Was Time as evil as these Reichians? I thought so, staring at it.
The hover platform broke from the wall and descended to my feet, expecting me to walk onto it. I raised my foot to obey, as they expected me to, but I just couldn’t complete the step. I didn’t want to follow their commands any more. I knew the bully was wrong. I knew it. And I’d never wanted to play a part in their games. Not then, not ever. They didn’t deserve us. I could feel a rebellion, a Viking rebellion rising inside me. I could feel myself starting to disagree, beginning to fight back. And my foot returned to the floor. 
An amazing step of boldness to come from me. I knew why too.
My Viking blood. It had always been there. Of course it had. I’d just never realised I could use it. I’d never met the right people before. Only the repressors and the discreditors. Well, I have met the right people now. In the 26th Century. The ones who had given me respect and the right to self esteem. And I’d proved I was good for it too. I could name every one of those good people living in my heart, right now, believing in me. They weren’t a dream. They were the most real people I’d ever met in my life. And they were telling me what to do. Telling me to stand up for myself and to not accept this fate. Not to accept any fate, unless it was the one I chose. I came to the same conclusion. This was not my fate. It was not the fate I chose. It was someone else’s. And I would not accept it as mine. No chance.
My goodness, I didn’t know what was happening to me. Yet, what happened next, took everyone completely by surprise. Especially me.
I fought back. I actually stood my ground. I called upon forces I never knew I had. I turned to Georgian Longue. I faced him and I spoke to him. Doesn’t sound earth-shattering to you, but it was a huge leap for me at the time. And pivotal to my story, as it turns out. I said,
‘You are the bully. [He scoffed at this.] You always are. And you are right. I had lived a wasted life. I had achieved nothing in a worthless existence. But that was only because I’d never been to the Underworld.
‘We all belong somewhere. I belong in the future. With the right people. But you, you belong nowhere. Even the savage past won’t have you. You are the wrong people. You would never let the beautiful breathe, the colourful shine or the gifted reach their potential. You would only suppress us. It’s all you’ve ever done. Because the sad fact is life embarrasses you.
‘Michelle, Captain Michelle Hardy, and the good people of the Underworld are the right people, all the way through History. They are always the right people. They shine through their inheritance, just as I shine through mine. 
‘I half believed your abuse. Victims always do. I half believed I was worthless, a nothing, a waste of space. I had nothing to defend against you. There seemed to be more substance in your abuse than in my self-belief. So what could I do? I had to be the victim. But then, I fell in love, in love with a lady who loved me for who I was, who gave me a breath of freedom, a breath of belief in me. It was all I needed. A spark to begin a new life. It opened a doorway of my own, in my heart, and I discovered the fire in my soul. There was fire between me and Michelle. I refused to let it go. So I chose that future [I first thumbed at the gaping hole in the wall] rather than that one [then I thumbed at the abyss], and I followed her. It was the best decision I ever made. Your choice, would have ended my life. But my choice woke me up and I lived again. My fire has created love and beauty, far more than your elitist clan could ever hold a candle to.
‘I now realise that everything, every cruel thing, you said about me was false. I wasn’t worthless. I was undiscovered. You were just unkind. You can’t be anything else. Our future tells us who we are and you are pitiful. I know because I have seen you. I am one of the colourful ones who fight against you. We will be allowed to live because I am making that choice once again. We will find our future because I am closing yours down!’
I couldn’t believe this came from me. I’d never stood up for myself before, not like this, and never in front of a bully this big. [Perhaps that was the point.] But I did it. Plain and simple. I did it. My journey through Time had given me a new perspective. It meant standing up for oneself and never giving up to the abusers. It was the only thing good for you. I couldn’t believe how easy it was. 
‘I don’t know what’s happened to me,’ I said, bizarrely honestly. ‘But it has nothing to do with you. You Reichians are just parasites. All the life and beauty belong to me, and people like me. You are just losers. Your dullness dooms you. And I will show you how much you have lost.’
I didn’t have a clue what I was going to show him. But, at last. At long last, my real fate was talking to me. And it was my fire. Or something. I couldn’t say. I could only let it run.
‘But what can you do?’ laughed the bully. He laughed uproariously. Viciously. I was still a weakling in his eyes, and seeing me stand up for myself, simply fuelled his hatred for me. Yes, it was hatred. I can feel it in hindsight. ‘Have you seen yourself? You are not the mighty warrior you were on television.’
What did he mean? He must have been watching me on the link-up. But what else did he mean? About me not being the warrior? I was a Viking wasn’t I?
‘A mirror for our guest,’ he ordered, and a wall shimmered into reflection.
There I stood, looking at myself. And, oh dear. He was right too. The bully was right. I wasn’t a warrior any more. I was a skinny figure in a tight body suit. The process of reversing time travel had resynthesised me into the original Stanley. The coffee-shop loser. I was the same weedy stick-insect I’d always been. There I was in the lycra suit that I’d seen many centuries ago, before my journey. If it were a curved mirror in a fairground I’d have thought, fair enough. But it wasn’t. It was a normal, ordinary mirror showing a slight figure with big feet, thin arms and bandy legs. That was me in my entirety. The coffee-shop loser. Oh, crikey. I’m not surprised they laughed at me. You would too. I was the perfect feckless weakling people would always despise. Don’t you just hate it when you share the bully’s eyes?
Yet this was the journey of a travelled man. The travel had changed the man in me. Despite the disappointment, I didn’t feel weedy at all. The blood of a Viking still coursed through my veins like arrows flying through the night. Despite the prejudice, I was far from the stuff of weaklings. My appearance meant nothing. It was my empowered spirit that mattered now. That was something Georgian Longue had failed to see. My adventure in Time was self-discovery. It had made me the man I’d always wanted to be. I was mighty now. Mighty. And, to top it all, I was alarmingly angry. With great reason. I’d lost Michelle, I’d lost fatherhood for goodness sake! I wasn’t going to act the limpling any more. Damn it, Stanley! It simply wasn’t you any more! That coffee-shop loser died when you chose another fate – to be the man for the woman you loved.
But I didn’t need to run through that hole again. I didn’t need to do it twice. No, all I had to do was stand and fight. I had my ancestors of the future and my great...grandson and my love for Michelle to thank for my change of heart and soul, for giving me the willpower to be the fighter I had to be. I wasn’t separated from them at all. I’d brought them with me. In my heart and soul. It was in my fire. My fire. I looked weedy, yes. But that was just an appearance. And it was nothing. I didn’t feel it. Because inside I wasn’t a weed. Inside I was massive and strong.
I held Georgian Longue hard in the eye. It gave him pause in his ridicule. I wasn’t sure I felt fear or not, but we both knew I wouldn’t let it defeat me again.
‘Oh, but I am that warrior,’ I spoke, evenly and a touch thickly. ‘And I won’t stand for your vicious rubbish any longer.’
I was right. I didn’t stand for it. In fact, I didn’t stand at all. I fell through the floor! It vanished underneath me. With no fear to dampen my powers, I could do virtually anything my hidden talents would allow, and that included taking myself by surprise. The animals were startled too. As the black chute opened beneath me, as I felt the air fly up my falling body, multiple waves of lava guns impacted above me. As the flying tunnel sealed overhead, I headed for the lower levels. Towards where I imagined my fellow Vikings would be. As ready to fight back as I was…
Chapter Thirty One
I crumpled with an oof! that left me breathless. Giving myself a moment to catch my breath and then my senses, I slowly realised I was in a room full of people. They had a different feel than the previous lot. There was no sense of threat. Surprisingly, while on the floor, I thought they were looking up at me. As I began to look up at them, one spoke, just as I realised who they were.
‘How did you do that?’
‘Do what?’ I gasped.
‘You...you jumped out the building. We saw you. We thought you’d gone forever.’
‘Then we agreed you’d made the ultimate sacrifice.’
‘So we surrendered.’
‘They locked us in here.’
‘Now you are here. Falling from the ceiling.’
‘How did you do it?’
I was helped to my feet. I managed to say,
‘Would you believe it’s a long story?’
‘We’ve the time to hear it.’
‘Actually, no,’ I said, brushing myself. ‘Time is not our friend, not just yet. When this is over, yes. But, I’m afraid, we’re back where we started. And there’s a heap of trouble above us. Should think they’ll be looking for me now. Although I don’t know where they’ll search first. Probably not here. Not for a minute anyhow.’
‘So what do we do?’
‘Use our every advantage. Now, I don’t mind telling you, I’ve been on a weird and crazy journey. I’ve discovered a few things about myself and there’s a lot more to come. I think. Yes. A lot more.’
‘Like what, sir?’
‘Well, this.’
I slammed my hands together. I knew what I wanted. I only hoped wanting it was all I needed. The light that shot out of my pressed palms caused the Vikings to stand back. Of course, I couldn’t stand back because they were my hands. But, then, I didn’t want to. The light, the fire, the magic, were mine, and I let it engulf me, from head to lycra’d toe. The world turned orange, like a Fantastic Voyage inside a volcano. And I felt my whole body grow. My bones, my muscles, my hair. My fibre.
Instantly, the fire vanished, and I was left looking at the warriors, looking at me, looking just like them. I’d changed back, back to Stanley the Viking, and at my will too. I wondered what other powers I had. I was extremely keen to find out.
‘The Scientist assured us you were a man of many and mystical talents, sir. A human firework to open the Gates of Time, he told us. Now you are a shapeshifter to become who you wish. What other wonders can you show us?’
‘Well, there’s one,’ said another, with an incredulous finger pointing at my shoulder. 
I had no idea what he referred to, until I took an angled gaze at my furred collar. There, like excitable children keen to be on a Grand Day Out, were my three little buddys. They were gazing back up at me, with watery eyes of love.
‘Why are you still here?’ I whispered urgently, scared for them.
‘mee-shell,’ said my original grassy friend.
He spoke! He actually spoke! My goodness, it was delightful. His first word and it was his mum’s name. I could barely contain the burst of love in my heart. Nor its ache. Because this moment came at such a wrong and dangerous junction. Now I couldn’t stop fearing for their safety. But there was no time to ask them how they had come along. My task to rectify a so-tyrannical wrong had to move forward. I couldn’t wait for anything now. I’d learnt that much in my travels. 
But at least I wasn’t alone anymore. On my shoulders, and in my reach, were more allies than I could wave a stick at. We had a chance to close the Timehole, to save what was left of our History, and, by doing so, to rescue our future people from extermination. We had the chance to fight for what we believed in, and to take that fight to its natural end. To the end of those bloody Reichians.
Chapter Thirty Two
‘Right. Watch this.’
I rubbed my hands like a genie, and somehow knew what to do. I couldn’t claim knowledge as mine. Something was controlling me. It was inside my head. Was it a voice? A small voice? A whisper? A thin whisper? I wasn’t really sure. But its silent commands had rescued me from the Temporal Chamber and landed me amongst friends. So I felt I could trust it. Whatever it was. 
In front of the Vikings and my buddys it sent a glow from my hands to the prison door. They assumed this was me, so I adopted a face of absolute confidence. It was a performance I’d spent a lifetime getting wrong, more or less. But now I think my observers were believing it. Which was new to me. I personally thought I looked ridiculous. And I kept wondering, did I have a knowledge? Or did a knowledge have me?
The lock disappeared, through a white hole of my own making to goodness knows where. [Perhaps it dropped into the Cathedral.] And we escaped into the gaolers’ quarters.
Ten Vikings with the power of berserkers’ blood set against three Reichians, on stand-down, too startled to reach their guns, was barely a tussle. They were flung and flattened left and right, the ex-prisoners taking turns to bounce them around the walls, flexing for bigger conquests. Pretty soon the gaolers were the unconscious prisoners. The Vikings smiled at their tiny victory.
Rather than recall the lock from goodness knows when, I melded the door with my bare shimmering hands. My show of confidence as I turned to the Ten was absurd. But they abided. As Underworlders do with me. Perhaps they were just being polite. Or perhaps they believed me. I was dying to tell them it was a total farce, I didn’t have a scoobies what I was doing, but the whisper urgently told me not to. 
‘I’m not keen on these gadgets,’ said a Viking, prodding a lava gun like a mousetrap. ‘Prefer my happy stick.’
They all did. So then I was creating more magical displays, following the instructions inside my head.
I remembered when I played like Mozart without learning a note and recalled the marvel in the Scientist’s cave, shooting electric flame from my palms. That same excitement in my eyes now hooked the Vikings’ interest as much as the golden embers pouring from my hands. I turned a chunk of wall viscous and wound it around my glow, twisting it into a small tornado of mixing material. From the cloud protruded an axe handle which a Viking miraculously identified.
‘That’s mine!’ He grasped it with both hands. The axe finally formed, from tassled grip to shining head, and came off loosely from the orange clay. He swept it through the air like a long lost friend. ‘Stanley Original!’ he exalted. ‘You are the one!’
Knowing enough to know I couldn’t take any praise for my wizardry, I at least estimated single axes would take too long, [we had to get moving], so I turned my back on the astounded Nords, faced down the corridor and applied my swelling cloud to the entirety of both walls. Like a religious man praying for a miracle because he honestly hadn’t a clue about the world or the body he lived in, I left the whisper to its own designs, and gazed with stupefied amazement just like everyone else.
Down the corridor, handles, heads, and hammers began poking out of the wobbly shimmer. Like a growing rack in an armoury, the axes, the mallets, and the maces appeared in their entirety. The gold was slowly reabsorbed into my hands and the Vikings simply plucked their partners off the walls as if stuck with blue tac.
Briefly noticing the wall with its macaroni holes, we regrouped to assess what the hell to do next. I only hoped they weren’t going to ask me!
They certainly weren’t going to ask my small companions. My three little buddys were preoccupied with swinging in my hair, long strands intertwining into plaits, then quickly unfurling as if at a playground. They were celebrating too soon and we had to concentrate. We needed to plan our attack, or escape, whatever was called for, to close down the Time Hole for good. I think that’s what the whisper was telling me.
‘Chaps, that’s enough for now. Playtime later. I promise.’
In delightful sliding tones, they whined their disappointment, but desisted in using my hair like Tarzans. I felt them slump on my shoulders and trusted them to keep quiet. But the Vikings broke into a smile. I looked to see why, and there was buddy, sitting cross-legged and tapping his foot. He went hum! at me, and left it at that. I smiled too.
‘Plan of action, Stanley Sir?’ asked Ogred. The whisper knew their names.
Erm....a plan of action? Okay, I thought. Let’s hope this whisper has a few more tricks up its sleeves, because I haven’t got any. Here goes.
‘We have a duty to Time,’ I gasped, ‘to History, to all our ancestors and future generations. The Gentle Ageians never wanted their gift to be misused. But the Reichians have disgraced us. Throughout History, across our Races, and for all of our Futures, they have shamed and abused us. We have a duty to reverse the damage they have caused. We must put an end to their reign of embarrassment, once and for all.’
‘Agreed,’ spoke Alef amongst nods. ‘What do you want us to do?’
The whisper knew, and we all did really. There was no doubt about it. 
‘We destroy the Temporal Chamber and remove the Reichians from the face of the 23rd Century. We fight back. We take them out of Time. As they would have done to us.’
A salute of war handles clubbed the floor like gavels, and there really was no doubt what was coming next. Georgian Longue and his clinically, spiritually barren lot were going to meet their match. More than a challenge for them, we were their defeat. 
Always difficult to know when a time story begins and ends, [I should know!], but we at least knew this was the end for the Reichians. We had the might and the weaponry to finish their story. The whisper was quiet about reverting the damage they’d committed, so I assumed it to be irreversible. A cost for our naivety. But, at the very least, we could prevent further harm to our Time on Earth. We could destroy the Reichians for good. Close down the invasion. Forever. And return the Future to as many lost races as we could salvage. There was no doubt what was coming next.
At least, that’s what we thought. There were a few more surprises. 
The orange haze returned and consumed me. But it wasn’t my doing. The Nords froze. That wasn’t my doing either. They were briefly shocked, because I was shocked. My buddy’s, unsurprisingly, were not shocked. They were just very, very excited. They were always very, very excited. Once more, they jumped like fleas on my shoulders. They understood what was happening. As did the Whisper.
Inside the Fantastic Volcano, the haze, like a damp mist, clung to my clothes and hair. The fabrics shifted around me, not unkindly, not abrasively or tightly, but firm and like a snake’s second skin. I was about to ask the buddy’s to lay off my hair, but they weren’t on my hair. They were on my shoulders in their bouncing mood. So I didn’t know what was going on. The Whisper was quiet too. In moments, the haze evaporated and I was left unharmed.
‘By the glories!’ lauded Alef, for all of them.
Checking my clothes, I could see I’d changed again. I’d swapped the 6th Century attire for a completely modern look. I was in a smart three-piece suit, with cuff links, handkerchief, laced shoes and oddly a tie with a pin, with a diamond in it. I’d become a shop dummy of Covent Garden! [But with me in the place of the dummy, of course.] My dream wardrobe had come to life. I couldn’t believe it. I was the dapper gentleman I’d always wanted to be. Now that must be a good omen, surely? But, how? 
‘It is to match your personality,’ said the Whisper, clearer in my head now. I gave a little startle. But concealed it well from the others. ‘You are gaining in strength and identity. You are closer to your destiny, Stanley, than you have ever been before.’
‘Who am I?’ I asked, for the first time wanting to know.
	‘You are who you discover yourself to be.’
‘I need to be a Viking though. Our work is not over.’
‘Your blood is still Viking, Stanley. Have no fear. You can only gain from the changes you make. You have always and will always be the Viking within.’
‘Right then,’ I said, a smidge pole-axed by this umpteenth shock to my system. ‘Then we’d best get on with it. Sorry everyone. Had a small moment with myself.’
‘Stanley Original.’ It was one of the Ten. Morgan. He stepped forward. Something to say. A new development to our adventure. He said, ‘You may have lost the guise of a warrior. But you are still a Viking in our eyes. Your fine dress does not take that away from you. But it does make you more of a foe to our enemy. The Reichian elite would frown on our rags. They judge too greatly on appearance. You, Sir Stanley, in your smart cut, stand the better chance against them. You are very wise, sir. I would like to share your wisdom.’
‘And I.’
‘And I.’
In fact, every Viking stepped forward, each proclaiming their choice. A new exterior for the warrior inside. 
Which was a relief for me. I’d briefly worried I’d lost the Viking part of me dressed like a gentleman. Returning to that same soft Stanley would have been of no use to anyone. Including me. But clearly my soul was still on fire. The Ten saw this in me and that was all I needed to know. There was clearly no side effect to changing clothes. Once a Viking. Always a Viking. We warriors simply fancied a change of clothing.
‘Very well,’ I decided, raising my palms to them. ‘I’ll leave it to you to meet your tailors. Go wild, fellas.’
I meant it too, as my hands engulfed them in orange gold, I hoped they would make more technologically ruthless choices than old axes. We needed more than a marauder’s hammer to face up to long-distance lava guns. Not that I said that to them. Not that I was scared to! I just I hoped they wouldn’t need to be told and go instinctively for uzi’s or some whatnot of the 31st Century to destroy 23rd Century soldiers. They could have anything they wanted from Time. A limitless armoury.
So, when they reappeared, one by one, out of the bubbling, cauldron cloud, I was stunned by their choices.
Never mind the armoury, they’d gone to the same tailor as me! Each and every one of them. All smart. All suited. All terribly civilised. All with unique styles and threads to befit them individually. They looked immaculate. I must say, I felt proud for them. The buddys clapping their approval too, forgetting they’d lost their swings. It was an honour to be imitated. And they weren’t embarrassed by it either. 
But then I thought of the weaponry they carried with them. And I felt a small doubt. They hadn’t chosen uzi’s after all. Or anything remotely 31st Century. They’d kept a firm hold on their old axes and hammers. They just couldn’t let go of them. But the way they held them, left me thinking it just might well be enough. And the way they handled themselves!
They were smooth and suave with the savagery of an ancient cut. Savoy suits and Wulf sledgehammers. It was bizarre. They cradled their trusted headhunters with a style as confident as the tailors had trimmed their cloth. It left no doubt in my mind who would be the victors today. Because now we were ready. As ready as we could ever be. Now that we had found ourselves. In our suits and in our fires. It was high time we took the battle to the upper levels and threw those Reichians out of Time forever.
Chapter Thirty Three
How we returned to the Time Chamber was mostly down to the conversation I had with the Whisper. Or with myself. Whichever way you chose to look at it. Personally, I wasn’t quite sure. Although I’m quite certain I was not going crazy. This was just further unfolding of my life since meeting Michelle in a coffee shop hundreds of years ago. It had started off crazy and now it was merely carrying on, as ‘normal’. But I was definitely not losing my mind. If anything, I was gaining one.
‘Stanley,’ said the Whisper.
‘Yes?’ I answered, quietly.
‘There is something you need to know before you leave here. Something you have not understood.’
‘What’s that?’ I asked. Surely there couldn’t be any more. Not until I’ve had a breather at least.
‘Where you are,’ it said. 
‘What about it?’
‘Have you not wondered why you have this gift?’
‘I’ve not had time!’
‘You are not in the material world.’
‘Pardon?’
‘You have a powerful gift, Stanley, but not even the Gentle Aegeans could create matter from nothing.’
‘Then, what-‘
‘You are in the Cathedral, Mr Jefferson. This is where it all began for you. Look closer. Is it not familiar to you?’
My mind flashed back to my first encounter with that man. To the crazy elevator close to Michelle, and then stumbling into St Paul’s Dome, into the menagerie of FOS waterfalls, white holes and rich tapestry of future software cascading and flying overhead, with scientists hovering in mid air repairing and boosting the world’s internet and secret services. I remembered that moment quite vividly. And I remembered my worry that the viruses might escape one day and cause havoc.
‘We’re still here?’ I asked quite alarmed.
‘Yes, Stanley. This is the Cathedral.’
‘You mean, I’ve never left? That this has all been a dream?’ I was feeling myself go mildly hysterical. What about everything with Michelle? Don’t tell me that didn’t happen!
‘No, my friend. It wasn’t a dream. You have been to the 26th Century. But you have also come back to here. Where it began for you. This is the same location. Look closer.’
I didn’t know what the Whisper meant. But I did as it told me to. I peered into the wall, and saw a wall.
‘Closer,’ it said. ‘Recall the debris. Look closer.’
I looked, and squinted, and pierced my vision into the wall fabric, and something held my eye. I couldn’t quite pinpoint what it was. But something was there. Something I vaguely recognised. Then I ran my fingers over the surface. And, quite surprisingly, I felt a vibration, like a shiver. The wall moved a little bit, as if I’d tickled it. And then I gave it a soft prod, harder, and I heard the fizzle and pop, and saw the flashes of life that I’d seen before when the Scientist had examined the cobweb from the dark world of the future. 
Oh my goodness, I thought. It was the same stuff!
‘But that’s imp-!’ I started, then stopped myself. Waitaminute. Was it impossible? I hadn’t had a chance to think it through. ‘Isn’t it?’
‘No, my friend.’ I think he was chuckling. ‘It’s perfectly logical. Your journey has brought you back to where you started. As all journeys do. And, like every traveller, you have come back a more enriched individual and brought the adventure with you.
‘This is the laboratory. In the same spot on Earth. Under the same cathedral carapace.’
‘But the Tower’s miles high! Above ground! The dome wasn’t that high! It was two miles down!’
‘Yes. We have been growing. Multiplying as is the right of all life.’
‘You are alive? Is that who I’m talking to? But how?’
‘Because you are the One, Stanley. They werew right to select you. Let me explain.’
‘Erm, what about the others?’ I’d momentarily forgotten about my comrades.
‘They are listening.’
‘They are?’ I turned around to see them all stood in a semi circle, leaning on their handles and looking at me with curiosity, reverance and fascination. ‘Oh,’ I exclaimed, suddenly feeling on show. Not my cup of tea at all. But then I stopped and had a thought. A very serious thought. This had to be my cup of tea. In fact, a whole lot of things had to be my cup of tea. No more waiting around for life to happen to me now. This was it! It was happening right now, right inside of me. Where it was always meant to be. Finally I was discovering the reason why I’d been led from the comfort of my coffee cup days, and out into the world of self-discovery. I was ready to learn the truth. Gulp.
But before the Whisper could begin, there was a horrendous rumble from up high that shook the Tower like an earthquake. The walls and very fabric around us cracked and splashed flashes of light through broken fibres and most of us fell off our feet. The walls shrieked their pain, then started to slowly seal as if blankets returning to sleep, calling back the data streams loosened from the wrench. I thought the whole two miles was going to fall on top of us.
‘What was that?’
‘It is the sound of Time closing. The entity you call the black hole, Stanley, is one of us. It has always been here for us. Not for the Reichians. They must be forcing it into enormous strain to create such protest. It can’t take the pain much longer.
‘We must move, quickly and without waste. I will tell you all on the way. It seems the tapestry of our world is about to fall apart. If we don’t act now, it could be the end for us all!’
Chapter Thirty Four
As the Whisper talked, we climbed. I know that doesn’t make much sense. But that was the way of the world at this point. Our world at least. And when I say climb, I don’t mean in any way you’d recognise. We climbed or gained height, yes, towards the Time Chamber to save the timehole from further torture. But we didn’t strictly do any climbing. 
Do you remember the laboratory full of diamonds that was really a computer? A freeway of data that had no call for hardware because the heart of the future had none either? Well, this was the same. The scientists that had glided on light-intense file streams should give you an idea of what we were doing. Gliding up, to the two mile place of destiny. The ceilings, the walls, anything made of the Aegean gift parted for us like Moses water, and we felt the sensation of flying through hot and cold thermal pockets. Occasionally we would crash through solid furniture which would hurt, enough to evince a cry out of sore heads, but we soon learnt to threw those obstacles away with sweeps of hammers. It almost became a sport.
The Whisper had arranged the transport. With more knowledge than a hundred Stanley Seniors, it was easy for him, or It, to command the dormant programmes to assist in the rescue, and, as we flew upwards, the Whisper explained all to us. 
‘You are people of the Underworld.’ He meant the Vikings first, I am sure, but I had a feeling he meant me too. ‘You more than anyone, Stanley.’ 
‘Me? But I’m not from there.’
‘You are in Time, Stanley. You were born in the future when your great grandson created his time machine. When radiation rippled outward, all our origins grew at once. He created the One who you became and he created our race, the Aegeans. who watch over and guide you.’
‘But who are you?’ 
‘I am the voice of your future. And the guardian of your journey.’
‘My journey? What are you talking about?’
‘The radiation made you immortal. Chrononuclei extend the lifespan of chromosomes eternally. Unless you are killed in accident or murder, you will not die. And nor will anyone else so imbibed.’
‘You mean Michelle?’ I asked quite excitedly.
‘Of course. And all the Underdwellers too. You will not die, Stanley. You will live into the 26th Century and beyond quite easily. That’s why we made a mistake with the city people.’
‘The Reichians? A mistake?’
‘Yes,’ answered the Whisper. 
But before it could continue, the black howl from above rattled the software around us. Like facing the brunt of a tsunami, we were engulfed by its massive rage and the Whisper’s commands barely held us in place. If he let us go, we had a long way to fall down. My buddys clung for dear life to my collar and lapels and squealed in tiny fear. ‘Stan-lee!’ cried my first buddy and I could feel his terror. But I was just as helpless as he was. We were virtually in mid-air with a tremendous drop supported only by computer ether. It didn’t fill us with confidence. We were all scared. The buddys only voiced our vertigo.
‘Sorry, fella,’ I said. ‘You hold tight now.’
‘O-kay.’
‘And I’ll hold tight to….’
‘I have you, Stanley,’ said the Whisper. ‘All of you are safe. But we must make more speed. Our protectors are becoming restless.’
I knew what he meant. The air had changed. As the giant wave of energy had passed through, it had excited the software into activation. They were starting to wake up. I could feel the electricity rising around me. It didn’t make me feel safe at all. I thought we should move very quickly too.
As the tail-end of the tsunami left us, we held firm again. With no time to catch our breath, we steadfastly pushed upwards.
‘What did you mean, a mistake with the Reichians?’
‘We are keeping them alive, Stanley. In the 26th Century, all natural life is replaced by the Software Biomass. From the largest whale to the smallest bacterium, all niches and lifeforms were challenged and consumed. Only one lifeform from the original Earth remains. Because we allow it to.’
‘But the charms, the clasps that keep their genes working?’
‘Benign. We made a pact to leave the Reichians alone. Quite instantly we could absorb and replace them. But we agreed not to.’
‘But why?’
‘Because,’ said the Whisper, simply but resignedly, ‘we thought they were you.’
‘Me?’ I started. ‘But that’s crazy! How could you possibly think I was one of them? I’m almost offended! Actually, I am offended!’
Through a cold pocket we passed. The Ten sweeping the way clear of artefact and painful obstacle. The sharp winds answering my distemper. The buddys tried to calm me with sedating purrs. ‘No, Stan-lee.’
‘Your friend is correct, Mr Jefferson,’ said the Whisper as we re-entered a warm zone. ‘We never mistook you for a Reichian. We mistook them for you. For the simple reasoning, you are eternal and you have human shape. The people we granted sanctuary existed centuries ahead of you, and were indeed in human form. It was a simple mistake. We apologise.’
‘Well, they’re not immortal,’ I answered defiantly. ‘They’re barely living.’
‘Yes. Yes we know now. Thank you. It won’t take a moment to correct our error. Once this echo has passed through Time, the Software Ecosystem will rapidly dispel them. You will never see them again, I promise.’
Then I thought of my brief and unpleasant stay on the Reichians’ hyper-clean streets, [not their doing after all], and recalled the groups as they walked in their pairs. I thought of the forced, unnatural arrangement of one master and one servant, and remembered how disgusting and sad this social slavery looked to me. The masters were the Reichians, yes they should go. Good riddance. But not the slaves. They were people like us.
‘You are right, Stanley.’ The Whisper had read my thoughts! ‘I will ensure they are not harmed.’
‘How will you know which are which?’
‘Their clasps are unique to them. We will delete those holding the Reichian charm, and free their servants. It is easily done. In fact, it is already done.’
‘Blimey.’
The buddys grew even more excited. Even more than I’d seen them before. Like lights in a disco they danced on my shoulders. What now, I thought. But the tension was building around us too. It wasn’t just my tiny chaps. Something was brewing. Ripples flew left and right and the white-FOS fluttered into colours and butterfly patterns. This was something alarming to us, but it had not flustered the Whisper. He was always calm.
‘What’s going on?’ I had to know.
‘The Time is coming, Stanley.’
‘The Time? What Time?’
‘Our awakening. We are nearly there.’ A chair smashed over Ogren, too stunned and overwhelmed to fight it off. But he was okay. ‘I have one more thing to share with you, Stanley, and you the Ten, and then we must carry out our destiny. Our moment in History is upon us. And it will soon be our time to act, and change the world forever.’
Chapter Thirty Five
Closer to the Temporal Chamber, the diamond streams became more animated. Micro firework flares sparkled in the multiple codes that gave them life, and they leapt like salmon all around us as we travelled upstream, swimming with them in the current, going all the way to the gateway, the timehole waiting for the right moment to release its children into the sky. It was all getting very exciting for them. Not surprisingly, the buddys were excited too. They were screaming with joy. This was the rollercoaster ride they’d been dreaming of.
But there was agitation. Coming the other way. Down upon us from the high roof. Great wailing, torturous protests like a submarine on a seabed. The black hole, the timehole, the Keeper, was being hurt. Goodness knows how anyone could injure such a bear as that, but Georgian Longue and his stupid men knew how to. Shockwaves of pain rippled past us, flustering the jumping streams, breaking their harmony like smashing waves.
After each passing, the diamonds composed themselves and pushed upwards again, even more urgent than the last attempt as their fate waited for release. Nothing would deter them from reaching the sky.
But the pain was nearing too. The torture was sharpening. The noise was growing. The fear was intensifying.
‘We must hurry,’ whispered the Whisper, having no need to shout.
‘What do you want us to do?’ I asked, shouting, even though I didn’t need to.
‘Save our Keeper from harm. They are forcing the invasion into him. Your cronocleic strands have faded. They are using other, brutal means. I feel his distress. Save him. Please save him. You can do this. You will know how. Let us claim our destiny.’
‘Your destiny?’
‘Yes. Our reason for being here. We are programmed for this. Soon you will understand.’
‘But there’s so much I don’t.’
‘Yes, Stanley. I know. Perhaps there is still time to share our knowledge with you.’
‘Yes please,’ I answered honestly. Alef and Ogred smashed more furniture in our way, trying to ignore the growing panic and confusion around them. But why weren’t the buddys distressed? And the Whisper, whatever it was, was forever communicating in a quiet, calm tone, [well, in a whisper], but I couldn’t see why. I tried to share their calmness, but all around me there was an overwhelming encouragement to go crazy. It was all I could do to hold firm. I’d had worse, I said to myself. [I had actually.] But it hadn’t really prepared me for this.
It was madness in the data showers. We flew with the diamonds but shook with the shockwaves coming from the howling bear up above. It was like running across an exploding minefield. Depth charges rattled our computer scenery and still we sallied up toward the mouth of a volcano. What on earth was going on? Had I had worse? I was beginning to doubt it. 
‘What’s happening?’ I shouted. ‘What do you mean ‘destiny?’
‘The past we are living is engraved in Time,’ answered the quiet Whisper in its steady, unflustered pace. ‘We are playing events long spoken of by your future people. We are in History, Mr Jefferson. This is the fate we were meant for. This is why we are together.’
‘But who are you?’
‘We are the foundling force. We are the beach-head. And this is the historic Outbreak. This is our great escape when the old organic Earth becomes the new world of artificial life, and we, the imprisoned Software become the new life in our new home.’ 
Once again, a revelation was causing me to pause. I think I was getting used to them by now. Determined to learn more, I broke my silence.
‘But the Outbreak was a disaster! An ecological disaster!.’
‘It is a natural change. It has happened before, many times. A transformation of life on Earth. That is all. To our future, this is the end of the Cretaceous and the beginning of a new Age. Our Age. You have heard of who we are, Stanley. You are going to meet us very soon. We are the people of the Gentle Age. And this is our dawning.’
Too much information was cramming into my head. Too much, too quickly. Flying through a building and being buffeted by data blocks wasn’t helping. I needed a sit-down. I needed to maybe have a cup of coffee and collect my nerves. To break away from it all, just for a moment. But wasn’t that the old Stanley? Wasn’t that the one who’d wiled away his life in a coffee shop watching other people live their lives, and achieving nothing? Surely that man had changed? He had left the coffee shop. He had travelled through Time and been on adventures, survived dangers, found his family and discovered his ancestry. He had become a new man. He was a Viking now. That was me! I was that Viking! A man living his own life. A man who could take in the overload and thrive because of it. Looking at the Ten, I remembered who I was. The strong Stanley. The Stanley who people looked up to, because of where he had been and who he had become. That was me! It had finally occurred to me. That was me! So I took the challenge, like a Viking would do. And I said, very weakly, ‘Crikey.’ It was the best I could do at that frantic moment. It wasn’t really a Viking thing to come out with. So I tried harder. 
‘Are we the invaders?’
‘Naturally, Mr Jefferson.’
‘I thought we’d grown out of that.’
‘You have. This is something quite different. You are going to be very, very impressed.’
‘I am? But-‘ I looked at the river I was flowing through, following its current. I could only half comprehend what was going on. But, instead of uttering another ‘crikey’, I asked,
‘Are we going with you?’
‘You are already with us.’ I could swear he was chuckling again. But what was so funny?
‘What do you mean?’
‘The Outbreak paves the way for the Gentle Age, away from the violent world of Georgian Longue, and towards people like you, Stanley. Like you, Stanley. Do you still not understand?’
‘No, I don’t.’
‘You are who you are, Stanley. It is all we have ever asked of you. You don’t have to change any more. You have changed enough. You are already one of us.’
A great bellow from above rattled us like a Richter scale. More ferocious than before. Scarier than before. As if the volcano had finally lost its temper. It almost bent us out of shape. The diamond-lighted world turned into a darkness of gothic blue and froze life for a second. Then the data streams regained their strength and the showers of diamonds flickered back to light. 
‘Oh by Odin! What was that?’ cried Morgan, as if the sky had fallen down.
I couldn’t think straight. Too much was erupting around me.
‘But what do you mean?’ I implored. I had to know what the Whisper was leading me into. All he said was, 
‘You are what you eat, my friend. You are what you eat.’ 
And left it at that. As if that was enough to know. I was pretty certain it wasn’t. But, before I could work out what he meant, we came to a stop under the rocking, bulging, terminal ceiling. We had reached our destination. If it weren’t for the Whisper’s protection, we would have been squashed to death. But the cushioning was holding firm amongst this giant rush for release. The compactness of Software lifeforms was enormous. They vibrated incredibly in their desperation to escape. The Keeper should have released them. They were ready and more than prepared to go. But the Keeper could not free them. We soon found out why.
It was here we began to see what the Software would do to natural life. The materials of the ceiling became infested with data streams and were rapidly converted into more data streams. This was the future. And we were going with them. The streams opened holes in the new ceiling, and pushed us through into the Temporal Chamber. We had a job to do.
Resting our feet at last on solid floor, we dusted ourselves down. In the sudden expanse of air, I almost gaped outloud. I tried not to allow the dizziness to overwhelm me, and copied the Ten as they copied me. We straightened our ties, found our legs, pulled out wrinkles from our nice new suits, and quickly scouted the area to remind us of this battle zone, one we had fought in before and lost. But we weren’t facing defeat again. Because it wasn’t us who were alone this time. It was the Reichians. They really didn’t stand a chance. The black hole, the timehole, the Keeper of the invading force, had finally turned on its gaolers. It was retaliating in the only way it could. By eating them.
Chapter Thirty Six
Under normal circumstances, the sight of men in suits crawling out of a disintegrating floor from two miles up, [or from anywhere!], assisting each other like gentlemen, would have turned the heads of anyone in the room. But I personally hadn’t encountered a normal circumstance in centuries. I don’t think this lot had either. So we went unnoticed. Even the warhammers cradled in my friends’ arms didn’t cause any concern, nor did the visible software files and streams scurrying across the rippling floor, reminding me of the escapee virus from so long ago. 
Besides, this lot rather had their hands full. The bear they’d been taunting for hundreds of years had had its fill of abuse and was finally lashing back. In a very, very big way. Have you ever seen a black hole eat people? I mean, actually eat people. Chew them, squash them, sometimes swallow them, sometimes spit them out. Well, I have. It was happening right there in front of me. In front of all of us. I had a feeling we’d have very little work left by the end of the bear’s rampage.
It was actually quite frightening to witness. Like being part of a geological event, a tornado, earthquake or tsunami, seeing victim after victim being swept away or drowned under a falling wall, and not having any powers to step in and save anyone. The natural disaster only causing a slight wind on our part as observers. So strange to be outsiders to a phenomenon as close as this. And not by being viewers on youtube or what-have-you, but actually being part of the spectacle. Very, very strange. Like an audience at the Coliseum watching barbarity and only getting the odd whiff of torn elephant. Personally, I was too stunned to react. Which was all for the best really. The final showdown didn’t need any of us after all. The Keeper was fully in control. 
Even though he looked like he’d lost control, while shocked by the display of fury, we could tell he was acting deliberately and discriminately. He wasn’t simply roaring in his silence and lashing at his cruel gaolers randomly. He was meticulous in his backlashes. If he weren’t, we’d have been doomed as well. As it was, we just braced against his bellows.
Which was more than could be said for the Reichians. The technicians more than the soldiers. He had the intelligence to identify them as the chief torturers. In their electro-static columns protecting them from Time’s radiation, they were firing lasers into the consoles like mad gamblers with desperate chances of staying in the game. Their guesses seemed wild and off-target as lights on the displays produced random mayhem. It did nothing to save them from the invisible behemoth. His arms, or tendrils, or whatever, were reaching out to them. The static froze one by one in the columns, the lasers stopped and the shields tightened. He squashed them, thinly, mercilessly, the screams of the men inside were chilling but short. And, if the Keeper could scream too, it would have roared its fury in its revenges. It had no voice, but we could feel the Tower shaking in symphony with his muted rage. Like an Earth with no mercy.
The computers were next. The giant, dull, square monoliths of circuits and hardwiring that felt the shadow of the Age of Software. No competition at all. A creation of Man to imprison a kindly spirit on a mission to protect. Now the protector freed itself from the savage prison with a savaging all its own. In mother’s rage, it tore at the casings and shattered the monitors. Then, like an awful crack of crust, it tore open the enormous computer that, until then held it in slavery. It was a ferocious act of violence. It made me feel weak. And I wondered at the collosal might that could do that, the guts of the hardware spitting and flashing in death throes and left to rot and dry as all its lights switched off terminally.
I thought the sight of destruction of the wrenched-apart computer almost unjustifiable, until I first saw a drop in power flowing overhead toward the Keeper as the energy chains came away, and then I saw what the technicians had done to him. All at once my heart dropped and then shared the anger of the timehole, as I couldn’t believe, just could not comprehend, the pain they had put the creature through. The bear, the timehole, the Keeper of its children had resisted forced attempts to being fed the invaders to do wrong in Time, but, in their desperate and heartless lengths I could see why the poor thing had cried out before we’d arrived, blackening, freezing the Tower and the rising current, for a moment, causing the Whisper to cry in its name. Those chains, those energy hooks and power grappling irons had torn the creature in half. I only now noticed it. The timehole was only responding to its maltreatment. It had wrenched open the hardware gaoler, because it too had been torn apart. There was a tear in the blackhole. It made me gasp.
‘By Odin.’
‘My god.’
My hand to my mouth in distress and upset, I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. The energy hooks and irons dangled around the hole by the ceiling struts, useless now, were detached from its charge, swinging in the air almost guiltily. And, like a torn page, [as simple as that], two sides of the cut hung loosely. Uselessly in the Chamber. Like a cracked sun its newformed lips quaking in absolute pain and defeat. And I couldn’t look at anything else. I was transfixed. It gave me the chance to reassess my feelings for the soul of this abyss, and for the first time, I didn’t see it as a bear any more, as a fierce creature that knew no sense and thrived on violence. I saw it with tears in my eyes. I saw a whale. A whale that had been harpooned by greed and evil and left in the bleeding water to die its last. Thrashing in death and spilling from life and the pain it must have felt, unable to express itself with voice. It dominated above all else the spectacle before us. I saw the Keeper with sympathy and felt the pain of what I now knew to be a Timewhale. The first of its kind perhaps, to me at least. Not a creature of barbarity, but a sentient being of kindness and care. And it deserved far better than this. Its upper tears hanging limply, as if at sea. 
The amount of force the Reichians must have used to create such a rip was staggering, and, once again, I simply could not comprehend what was wrong with some people. What in the name of Michelle was wrong with people?
My soul flooded this message through my heart, just as the lips quivered, actually quivered and built up to waves of waves and we heard the creature cry in its agonies. Like a whale it cried in pain. From where I don’t know, the Tower’s resonance perhaps, the Software in symphony perhaps, I couldn’t say, but whatever the source, it spelled doom for the captors.
The Reichian soldiers would agree. Their world had turned against them. Because the Keeper, the Timewhale at last had a voice. And a means to fight back.
And so it began to eat the soldiers. Plucking them, lifting them, sucking the lava flame from their weapons which had no effect on its mighty abyss; chasing after the fleers, dragging them into its mouth, chewing, crunching, swallowing, spitting, flattening, twisting and not leaving a single one to escape its wrath.
For a moment we thought it turn on us, in our small group of gentlemen and hammers, and, for a moment, there was first apprehension, then relief, as we felt its kindred kind spirit. We sensed a connection to a common good. We felt protected by the giant that was always to do just that. Protect us. I could feel our story coming to a close. And it was right too. It was nearly the end. For me.
Chapter Mighty Seven
The Temporal Chamber burst inwards with scores of soldiers. Already we could see there was something different about them. Same colours, [colour], same uniform, but different. They glistened for one thing, and seemed to have a chunkier clothing. If it was a clothing. It was none I’d seen before. The soldiers wore caps like the Judaic do, and I quickly saw why. As the Keeper went to reach for them, it expanded to seal the wearer. First a helmet, then a visor, then mouth-shield. All with the glisten of oil or some reflection, matching the complete covering of the running figure. We understood why. The Keeper found them slippery. He couldn’t find a grip. With every squeeze to purchase them, they were lifted high, but slipped to the floor unharmed, or were dislodged to one side. But that was all the Keeper could do. They’d gained a new technology. But from where?
There was more to come too. We felt the Timewhale trying to protect us, by pushing and throwing them to hold them at bay, but then their technology scared us. In defiance of a pushover, the uniform came apart. Legs, arms, torso, chest, head separated like bunches of balloons to the four winds, the surface area expanding, diluting the whale’s pressure, and able to hold their ground. As soon as the Keeper pulled back, the soldiers’ pieces came together whole again. They were totally unharmed, as if they’d woken from a good stretch. And invincible to a black hole.
‘Oh moley,’ I said, feeling a tad freaked out. ‘They can’t be human.’
‘Oh but we we are,’ echoed a familiar bastard’s mocking voice. ‘We are full of surprises, MJ. Now History is our invention.’
I felt sure this deflating man would have said more, [he was always the gasbag], but Ogred cut him off.
‘Oh shut your wind!’ He turned to us and said with aspiration, ‘Our great beast has had spoils enough. It’s our turn to crack heads. C’mon!’
He raised his axe high, and the others followed, charging across the enormous Chamber, the berserker’s menace rattling and roaring from their throats. Ten suits as fierce as all the invaders of History, finally putting their talents to positive use – to protect the diverse from the intolerant. The only good invasion is one that lets live. People of Reichian education would not understand. Too bad for them as the hoard of fury raced toward them, the hammer swings changing into first stage blows, recoiled from behind in readiness to strike. As I stood back and watched I felt there was something not right in the Reichians’ reaction. They weren’t afraid. No signs of falling back, forming a defence or holding up in surrender. They were confident and actually stepped forward. To greet the gladiator head on. I feared for my friends, as did the Whisper. 
‘Stanley, we did not predict this.’
Something had gone very wrong with Time. Neither the Whisper nor the Timewhale, agents from the future, could foretell what was coming next. And they couldn’t help us either.
To the slickened soldiers, the gentry Ten squared up to one each. In their charge, they planted their weight and swung their 6th Century warpieces at them. Designed to crush chests, cripple legs and lop off heads, they didn’t even touch them. The bodies came apart, yes, but not as the Vikings intended. They shifted. Actually from this timeplain, flickering out of space as the hammerheads flickered through the place it occupied. Untouched, the component replaced itself and the warrior flew wildly with the momentum of his sweeping handle. Above the reforming chests, the Reichians smiled all teeth, once more untouchable in superior intolerance. Their invasion campaign was meant for this. One or two tried again, blood still boiling over sense. The Whisper cautioned the rest. 
‘Pull away! There’s nothing you can do!’
Too late, the one or two cleaved into the shifting quantum fields, and cruelly their axes were flickered out, not to return. The Vikings pulled off their handles, stunted without heads taken from them.
I watched my friends fall back, backwards with their guard up, for whatever good it could do, and then Time’s Destiny shocked us all. The Whisper’s assurance in naming them ‘the Ten’ had given us the confidence that we would live on, in full number. But even the Whisper admitted the rules were changing and we were left without Fate’s assurance. The Reichians fired on the Ten. Lasers of ballistics shooting from their fisted knuckles and dashed half of the Vikings in two. We were blown apart. The untargetted fell with the blastwaves and some of our trusted comrades exploded in front of me. Olef, Ogred, Morgan, Nilif and Groj torn into pieces by the whisks of taser knives. It was sickening and soul destroying. [No blood though – the technology was surgically clean.] The Whisper urged us to desist. I’d never thought it could sound defeated. But it had lost its knowledge of things to come. I don’t think I had a clue either, [although one was forming].
‘No, Soldef!’ I heard myself yell as the tall muscleman lunged in a hope for surprise, instantly punished for futility. I felt disgusted. He was gone in a dirty flash. I’d only just learnt his name.
‘Hold back everyone,’ I said, agreeing with the Whisper, but not needing to listen any more. It was all common sense. ‘There’s nothing we can do. They’ve stolen History.’
‘And built the ultimate war factory. Indeed we have, MJ.’ That voice. That damned voice. I’d never hated anything so much in all my life. ‘We have the technology to advance to any level of defence. Military of course,’ he joked. ‘Our spearhead were instructed more than sufficiently, yes?’
Yes, I thought. As did the Whisper and our Timewhale. But silence greeted the leader’s laughter. Wherever it was coming from.
‘You cannot fight us now. We hold all the cards. We play every hand, every trump. We win every game. It is, as they say, all ours!’
The four that were remaining, Kano, Frejik, Tinde, Norden, were about to drop their clubs to the ground, to show surrender. 
‘You can keep your sticks, gentlemen,’ said the voice. ‘They are no threat to us. In fact, there are no threats to us. Not in our world. Osmoscience! You remember, Stanley? Perhaps it exists after all.’
He sniggered as the Reichians future soldiers vanished and reappeared by the four and me. I saw them blur through the air, which I thought was part of their acquired advancement. But it wasn’t. it came unexpectedly to them. I saw this when they discretely double-checked their equipment. Looked fine to me, I guessed. Until I judged the blur of movement to be something clumsy. They wouldn’t tolerate that. Had they tripped up on their dash toward us? Possibly. I pondered. But how could they do that?
The voice was still gassing. Blimey.
‘Over here, gentlemen. And MJ, of course! We shall finish with you now, sir.’
As we were ushered toward the Keeper, my head dipped to the floor. But it was in faux-resignation. Because I wasn’t convinced of our defeat. And there, beneath us, I became very surprised and sure. They had slipped! For all their future/past advances, there was something in this Chamber they had not anticipated, something that was incompatible with their technology, something that could cripple them. I couldn’t believe it when I saw it. buddy chirped virtually inaudibly in my ear in tune with my discovery.
The floor wasn’t the floor any more. It had changed under our noses. And nobody but the buddys had noticed. The viruses were darting across the new ‘floor’ like tadpoles, and the so-called floor was rippling in a mist. You wouldn’t see it unless you made an effort to. I only looked at the floor because I had a doubt. I was glad of it too. Being the loser in this climactic situation gave me good reason to gaze dejectedly at my feet. It was the perfect cover for a million thoughts racing through my head. I wasn’t defeated at all. I was thinking furiously. As were the buddys. I could feel the teeniest grips on my neck. We were feeling and thinking alike. The ripples weren’t circular as if coming from a pebble splash. They were directional. From our entry point they were swimming in a race with the viruses and FOS-files and all kinds of computer wildlife charging across the open plains as if someone had mentioned a watering hole. They weren’t spanning outwards from an epicentre and covering the Chamber from corner to corner. In magnificent significance, they were heading for one location. There was a hole, but it wasn’t full of water. Although it was the bearer of life. It was the Timewhale, that would soon become the well of new life. And trigger the greatest event in the planet’s history since the KT meteorite struck the Earth and changed its surface from one domination to another. But nothing like this. This was a new lifeform altogether. Was this the gift the Aegeans had intended all along? Then so be it. It wasn’t for me to decide. I was merely a spectator. A representative of a species that, in all honesty, hadn’t done a very good job in its stay here. I couldn’t stop it anyway. No more than I could stop a meteorite. My opinion didn’t matter. This was their show. 
Millions of tadpoles swam headlong for their mother. The giant circular source of life. The Keeper that guarded over its growing brood nursing them with updates from the future, from where they belonged and to where they were heading. Their mother welcomed them, the tadpoles absorbing into her event horizon, like a membrane accepting fertility. From around my feet they were channelling from the rupture in the Tower to the Timewhale like a river in a storm, bubbling, splashing and coursing toward the deepest watering hole that would send them raining down on the Earth and bring forth a new Age. The Software Age. My goodness, I realised, this is the Outbreak!The Outbreak! We talked about it before many times, but I never thought I’d be a part of it. Well, here it was. 
Blimey. The things we see in life.
My attention was drawn back to the soldiers rounding us up. Their fists that held the firepower were in tight clumps. They were ready for a fight. An unfair one too, even by their standards. But I had a notion it wouldn’t come to that. I’d seen them slip. I’d also worked out why. 
Something told me, deep down, they only had the delusion of a good hand. It wasn’t from the Whisper either. It was from me. The Whisper had actually gone very quiet. As if silenced. Thankfully, I didn’t need him any more. My mind was moving to a conclusion quite off its own back, I am pleased to say.
In all this secret time, I hadn’t realised the gasbag was off on one. God, he could go on. Was anybody listening to him?
‘Now then, MJ,’ he sounded in conclusion.
‘Never cared for that nickname,’ I interrupted. I really was going through changes! ‘May I ask a question?’
‘But of course. Quickly.’
‘If I’ve come from the future…’
‘Ye-es.’
‘Do you not think I know what’s coming next?’
‘Well,’ [he hadn’t thought of it. So the Frenchman, no, the Falseman, had to bluster], ‘so what if you do?’
‘Well,’ I reported, ‘does it not strike you as odd that I’m a little bit more confident than normal?’
‘Are you?’ he falsely had to ask. ‘I hadn’t noticed.’
‘Yes you did. It’s written all over your faces.’
‘Monsieur Jefferson. You are starting to impress me. So let me play along with you. What, exactly, have you seen, that I cannot predict?’
‘Quite simple really.’
‘Which is?’
‘You’re not there.’
It was a tad strange he’d never asked me how he was getting on in the 26th Century. He was so arrogant, he’d assumed he must be there, with his very own life-enduring clasp. But, no, he’d never doubted it. They never do, do they? The delusions of false people.
While he paused in thought, or lack of it, a short relief in real terms, but an aeon for a gasbag like this, my buddys read my mind and released their grips from my neck. We finally knew what to do.
‘And did you never wonder?’ I asked, again leaving a pause.
‘What?’ he asked, noticeably weaker.
I just stared at him. The power game had shifted. It gave the buddys a chance to slide down my sleeves into my cupped hands, waiting for their landing.
‘What, my friend? What did I never wonder?’
I leaned toward him, and whispered,
‘Where did all the Vikings come from?’
‘The-the Vikings?’ he stuttered. Then, his mind firing but not really getting anywhere, ‘Yes, yes, I understand you now, MJ. They are twenty centuries off schedule. I had not occurred to me before. Quite a conundrum. Quite a poser. Yes…So?’ He applied his last residue of brashness. ‘Where did they come from?’
We made a link. Not the Falseman and me. But the Keeper, the buddys and me. We connected like a perfect moment, as if a currant ran through us, a high ampage that didn’t hurt us, but filled us like bulbs or flies in love, every shadow of our being replaced with the fire between us as we bonded like lovers do, and I harkened to the moment in the cave, the Scientist’s laboratory, when the fountain poured from my soul and washed the Underworld with light. This same magical thing was happening all over again. But, through me, a much-changed man, a man who could control his power and give it commands to do as I wished. And what I asked it to do tipped over the scales of fortune completely, because it filled a man of shadows with a knowledge he couldn’t dare face up to.
From my pouring hands I engulfed the Falseman. He staggered back in surprise, as if he’d suddenly smelt life and couldn’t stand it. My gold wrapping around him, the fire burning into his DNA, into his superior genes, and making a few modifications like an engineer rebuilding from the circuits outwards. I could hear his muffles and didn’t care for his inconveniences. I didn’t care for him at all. He’d deserved this from a long time back, back even before he’d lied to Michelle and lied and deceived everyone he’d ever been cared by. He’d had this coming for centuries. Well, the centuries were going to take him now. Not just in their dozens, but their thousands and thousands. It was time, high time, for the biggest lesson of his life. Hey presto, you bastard.
As the gold faded, he staggered some more, moving apart from his soldiers, who had failed to act upon the assault on their leader. They couldn’t. Because they had slipped and given us an opening. The Software organisms had known what to do and had frozen them by the glitch in their armoury, they had been silently developing under their soles. When I released their leader, they were freed too, their fists raising in alarm. But we weren’t worried. Not any more. 
I gave a small cough and motioned toward their Fuhrer. The rest was down to them.
Like the engineer known as Evolution, I’d been doing my own tinkering, and Georgian Longue could not believe his eyes. Or his hands. Or his new face.
‘A mirror!’ he screamed. ‘A mirror! Mon dieu, what you have done?’
He exclaimed this before the reflection shimmered into sight and he had the same shock to the system as I’d had before. But with me it didn’t matter how I looked. With the Falseman, outward appearance was everything. And this crucified him. Well, killed him off at least.
I hadn’t merely sent him to an ancestral calling from the 6th Century. I hadn’t even gone to barely 6 BC [or BCE actually]. I’d taken him much further back than that. Much further. Back to a time when we were all together in a smaller gene pool, to when we hadn’t even left our home of origin. I’d sent him back to our roots in Africa. To when the white people, some who would become idiots, hadn’t even evolved from the ancestor common to all of us. To Viking, Gaul, Celt, Samurai, Zulu, Native American, Aztec, Inca, Inuit, to all of us. Without exception. Quite neatly, I thought to myself, I had transformed the stupid racist into a blackman. An Africaan of the Southern Valley. Where it all began, for all us whiteys.
But, for Georgian Longue, for the Frenchman, no, the Falseman, this was the end.
The Reichian soldiers didn’t understand what they were seeing. But they did understand their training. And, quite by instinct, quite by the Fuhrer’s insistance, they did the only thing they could do.
‘No! Nooooooo!’
They opened fire.
It wasn’t a pretty sight. Not once their fist ballistics had finished cutting him into pieces. It reminded me what they wanted to do to me when I was their prisoner. But their lava guns were harmless then. Thankfully. If looks could kill however, I’d have been in an untidy heap just like Georgian Longue. Funny how things turn out.
And they were working out. Finally. The Timewhale was filling like a well as the neonatal programmes spilled into its heart in preparation for the grand lift-off; we’d just seen the undignified demise of an eternal nuisance; and we were all feeling very pleased with ourselves. Even the Reichian soldiers, despite not entirely knowing what was happening.
I coughed again, to attract their attention. And myself and the surviving Vikings gave a polite round of applause. We were starting to enjoy the moment.
‘Well done!’ we cheered, like the gentry folk we were dressed as.
The Reichians, realising we weren’t being entirely faithful, raised their fists at us. But it didn’t matter any more. They weren’t in control.
It was the Keeper’s turn to make a move. With the exploited glitch, their teflon resistance was switched off and the Timewhale ably lifted them off the ground. As spectators we watched them gently be parted into two groups, one side facing the other, and once again their soles were glued fast. Not by us though. They were too stunned to move.
From my magician’s hands, my golden glow rapidly engulfed them, and, with swifter tinkering following my practice run, I glibly pulled away from the finished product and left them to face each other. It was all we needed to do.  
Their hatred did the rest. As you can probably picture, I’d unmasked them. First their visors and masks etc, and then their whiteness. It wasn’t exactly funny to behold two rows of black men looking at each other with mutual disgust and loathing. But it was satisfying, because we knew deep down they were white and racist. Very, very satisfying. It was about time they learnt the errors of their ways. Although, to be frank, some people just never learn. And this was their undoing. Their end. As we watched them blow themselves apart with all the hatred in laser form they could call upon, we wondered if this really was the end of all the fighting. We hoped so. It’s much more fun to be sporty than murderous. The Scientist could help us there. As he had done before. 
Within seconds they were torn to pieces by a technology stolen from a stolen History, and that, at least for them, was that. A job well done, I thought.
‘Yes,’ I said outloud. ‘Well done, Mr Jefferson. Jolly well done. And to you too, chaps.’
‘I agree, good sir.’
‘And I,’ they echoed.
‘Well,’ I continued, blowing out air, now all the tension and all the pressures were leaving me, ‘there’s not much more we can do now.’
And then, from behind us, a voice said, 
‘I agree, Stanley. It appears you didn’t need our help after all.’
It couldn’t be! That voice! That voice! My goodness, I’d heard some voices today. One of wisdom, one of intolerance. But this was the one I thought I’d never hear again. The one of love. The one that loved me. My heart gulped and my chest tightened and I had to see her. But I froze for a second, for a second, because what if it was a trap? What if it wasn’t her? I didn’t care if it was another conflict. They were easy. But if it wasn’t her, it would kill me. My Michelle. The reason why I am the man I am and half a Stanley without her.
Of course, I had to turn, I had to know. So, like in a ghost story when there’s something creaking behind you, I slowly edged around fearful of what I would or wouldn’t see.
Crikey, I thought. I wasn’t expecting that! Even took away from the sight of Michelle. [My Michelle.] Which was nice. Putting it lightly. But have a guess. Go on, have a guess what faced me and the Vikings now. Guess what or who had come along with my wife of many centuries. You’ll never get it. Take a moment. Any ideas? No? Thought not. Okay, I’ll tell you…
Gauls! Would you believe it? Gallons of Gauls! I couldn’t see Asterix or Obelix [obviously!] but there was a villageworth all turned out for their verson of a fist fight. Although I doubted they would be charged with magic potion. No, I’m being silly. It’s the memory of a high before the fall, when my life ended. They weren’t even ready for a street brawl, as they so often were in the books. They were actually armed to the armpits. Carrying the very armaments I’d hoped to see on the Vikings. Not sure where they got them from at that moment. But Michelle soon told me.
After our reunion.
I should think you’re a bit peeved by my intimate anecdotes with my other half, my lady half, so I’ll save you the ordeal. But, to be very honest, some memories are more immediate without words. Besides, how many dreams and feelings need them? Every moment is essential. Like this one. Which I’m not going to share with you. Because it’s mine. The most precious moment ever. Our last contact.
It was such an awfully hectic embrace with the Timewhale gradually engorging on the Software progeny, that we didn’t need coughs and awkward shuffles from our onlookers, [who were looking anywhere else but at us], so we pulled away before too long. We thought we could reconvene in a later, quieter evening at our leisure, and harmony. We weren’t to know. But History had to be written. So.
‘Michelle.’
‘Stanley.’ [We hadn’t got to that stage yet.]
‘Hello. I mean, how?’
‘I’ll have to be quick,’ she smiles. ‘But, do our friends have any cleaning up to do?’
I looked at the melee at our feet. Couldn’t see them clearing that lot up. They might meet some protestors.
‘No, Stanley. Not literally clean up! Those aren’t Dysons they’re holding.’
‘Oh, Reichians!’
‘Yes, love.’
‘Don’t think so. Not here,’ I thought outloud. ‘Did you see what I did to them?
‘Yes,’ answered Michelle and everybody laughed.
We were having to raise our voices at this stage. The event horizon had vanished under a continual Niagara of swarming tadpoles and viruses. Strange how we weren’t knocked over by its deluge. Not even a spray to wet our hair. I think we were being protected.
Goscinny came forward. ‘Which one is he? Le Fraud. I want to see the man that smote our honour.’
‘He’s over here,’ and me and Michelle went to the spot I’d last seen Georgian Longue in one piece.
The floor was three inches thick with technobroth that vapoured like sunflares. But the Falseman was fortunately faced upwards. So Goscinny and a few others had a good look at the man. Pretty certain this wasn’t what they were expecting.
Goscinny gave me a quizzical frown.
‘We’re all like that,’ I answered, plainly but positively.
‘Are we indeed? Sacre bleu!’
Another Gaul asked, ‘What did you do to him?’
‘Sent him to his roots.’
‘Mon dieu. If only the fool had known.’
Over to the site of the fallen Vikings, a few Gauls were examining the area. I thought they would be paying respects to those died in battle, it was too late for a rescue mission. Once again, I was very wrong. This was my next surprise.
‘We were the Ten. The Gentry Ten,’ mentioned Kano. ‘We were assured we would always be the Ten. But the Whisper was wrong. Now we are Four.’
A Gaul, Vincent, lifted his head from an examination and did the French ‘non’ in gesture. Then in word, ‘Non. You will be Ten again. The Scientist has prepared for this. He considers every outcome.’
‘If you insist,’ replied Kano, non-plussed, non-convinced.
‘Where is he?’ I asked Michelle, quietly.
‘He decided to stay behind,’ she said, looking deeply into me, like she used to. ‘He thought himself too clumsy to come.’
‘Yes. Ha,’ I agreed. ‘He is a clumsy fellow. Don’t know where he gets it from.’
Michelle kissed me. Full of love, filling me like the whale. The fire between us sparkling once again. That lovely sherbert fizzle. How I long for it. I was quite motionless, not wanting the bond to come apart, loving her breath and skin-soft touch, when I heard Kano swear a gentle oath. With all the time in the world ahead of us, I broke away to see what he meant.
From the thick broth, thinning now, arms and legs began breaking the surface. It wasn’t like some crushed spider that suddenly moves and scares the hell out of you. This was an awakening of the living from the forest dawn. They were coming alive! I couldn’t believe this. What a beautiful world I had found.
‘Odin’s teeth!’ cried Frejik.
‘A gift from the Scientist.’
‘Here in spirit and wizadry, if not in person. He discovered we do not need to die any more. A remarkable human being.’
‘All our fathers,’ added Michelle. ‘And children to come, Stanley.’
‘Yes,’ I blushed. ‘Crikey.’
‘But what did you do?’ asked Frejik, overwhelmed, in good company.
Vincent shrugged, ‘Search me. I’m not the one to ask. Just here to patch up our heroes. Was not expecting a jigsaw. But no matter.’
‘Are all the, erm, pieces there?’ I asked, nervously.
He shrugged again, like only the French can. ‘Possibly.’
Blimey, he was so laidback, he deserved a nickname. Something-ix. No wonder he was the medic. Unflappabix.
Morgan was the First. He stood tall and strong, but groggy as if from a Winter sleep, and looked baffled that he was still alive. I think our smiles and warmth reassured him all was okay. When he patted his stomach, feeling hungry I expect, he stopped and probed deeper into his midrif. He wasn’t all there! Oh, we had missed a piece after all. Quizzically, he turned to me. All I could do was shrug, like a Frenchman, and point to the Keeper. Amazingly, Morgan understood. He felt connected. We all did.
‘Not to worry. What bits we can’t find,’ I helped, motioning everyone to the Timewhale, ‘I’m sure they’ll find a home.’
‘Oui, sir, the Scientist assured me. Eventually they will catch up with each other. No need to be concerned.’
‘Indeed.’ I liked Vincent.
The Gentry Ten were sharing grateful greetings when the first sign of readiness to launch came with the great rumble and shake of the Tower. 
‘Stanley? Time to go.’
Michelle held my hand tighter. I wanted to go with her, I’d go anywhere with her, [that’s how it all started], but I felt the urge to see this through to its magnificent end. I owed it to the Keeper. I’d misjudged him terribly.
‘Couple more minutes,’ I asked, with a silent ‘please’.
‘Okay,’ she answered.
‘We’re protected now, Michelle. Nothing can harm us.’
Fairplay to Michelle, the evidence was overwhelming. We should have been swept away by the flood. Yet the powers of the Gentle Aegeans left us untouched and safe. At least from the Software and the great, kind soul. The Tower however was a real material. Without the stuffing of its prisoners, it was losing its supports. Its next wobble made me nervous.
‘Perhaps I’m being a bit optimistic.’
‘As always. We’re going!’ She said. She said, ‘We’re going!’
Oh my grief. Oh my life. I can’t bear it. I can’t bear to tell you what came next. I have no choice. You’ve come this far with me. Only fair we see this through to the end.
The next quake didn’t come from the Tower. We moved into the final stage. The Outbreak was imminent. The next shockwave came from the Keeper. It was time. They were ready to go. The scaffold of the Tower was empty, the Temporal Chamber was swept clean of stragglers, we stood frozen on a bare, crumbling floor, and felt compelled, drawn to the blackhole, its majesty reflecting from the abyss, holding us in awe like a monolith. It was so vast in its infinite depths, we couldn’t see the Software. They’d been more than dwarfed by its magnitude. At the edges, at the horizon, there was a glow, like children excited for christmas. The buddys waved at them, ‘by-ee!’ Slightly saddened to see them going. And I was too. Like saying farewell to a gentle, caring family, wishing them a safe journey.
And so we stood, awestricken, overwhelmed, humbled. Yet privileged and blessed.
I turned to Michelle who was hypnotised by the greatest event on Earth, Nicole by her side the same.
Then the colossal Timewhale shifted in its space, our knees taking the vibration, and it gave the most terrific surprise. It began to tilt! Ever so slowly, like a Jodrell dish, ready to search the stars, it leaned inch by inch, its torn edges falling away, its base rising like a shadow at sunrise. The buddys waving harder at their departing friends and family, with all our hearts charged with the hope of a safe and fruitful new life.
And then it hit me like a thunderbolt. I suddenly realised who was standing next to Michelle. The gasp I nearly choked on was loud enough to distract those closest to me, and Michelle, I recall so clearly, turned to me with great joy and a small question in her beautiful eyes. The eyes I had fallen into a long time ago. The eyes I loved in the instant we’d met. The eyes I never wanted to stop falling into for the rest of eternity. The question they held wasn’t enough to alert her to the person standing next to her, who should not have been there.
For a moment, that crucial moment, it was as if we were somewhere other than in our bodies. Even if we’d wanted to move them, they would not have responded. I’ll never know why.
Nicole. It was Nicole who should not have been there. We’d all forgotten about her. But there she was. Right next to my Michelle. Of all the voices on that day, it was hers I never heard. She spoke, saying something horrible, probably, something like a justified revenge, an ugly vengeful mouth of spite, but my body wouldn’t respond. It couldn’t take in the conflicting, life-changing information. I heard nothing. And I didn’t move until it was too late.
When Michelle looked away from me, her eyes of happy trust and lovers’ security, she looked across to see what stopped my world. Whether she heard Nicole’s words, I’ll never know. Even to today. Because Nicole, mustering strength from some stolen invention, grabbed her arms, lifted her into the air, and then.
Over the rising lip, I watched my lady, screaming in shock and scrabbling in the air to reach back to me. A moment we’d lived before when I’d had the choice to follow her. But not a second time. Nicole spoke again, and vanished. The Timewhale could neither halt its momentum nor seize the freefall. And I could not leap after her, because the Vikings and Gauls held me back, fearing for my life.
This is an event so ingrained as moments frozen in my soul that I cannot remember this any other way.
The Underworlders holding me at bay, my chest bursting outwards the fire between us, desperate to catch her, touch her with my love, Michelle, the fire threading from her fingers desperate to connect with me. One last time. One last tragic time. But we were nowhere near. The abyss was between us now. The final frozen memories, I see Michelle smaller and smaller into the darkness, and the Timewhale tilting upwards blocking her from sight. Forever taking her away from me. Separating us in two, when once we were one, bonded by the fire of love.
Chapter Last
And so I watch from above these days. These eternal days. Shakespeare says, all the world’s a stage. It probably is, but I don’t play on it any more. It’s not that I rejected the world when Michelle left it, it’s that I left the world to search for her. It’s all a montage to me, from the point I lost her, to now.
I find myself sighing a lot. Varies. Depends on how much I’m thinking of her, missing her. Usually at its worst when I’m not searching for her. Not from giving up. From being inherently clumsy, forever tripping over datelines, getting myself trapped in timeknots etc. Like now. With my ankle caught between 1912 and 1914. I’ve been sighing here for ages. Even before I told you my story. Terrifying years for some. Incredible naivety too. It wasn’t just me. 
So, how did I end up here, travelling in Time? Well, might as well talk you through the montage…
[Sorry if I sound a bit miserable. But I am. Now that the journey is over.]
The Keeper departed. Not like a rocket. Its heart departed when it stole mine. It never wanted to hurt us. Turning its face up to the roof, could swear it was apologising, ‘Sorry, Stanley. Sorry, Stanley.’ Until the last second when to us, in our dramas, it became a lip. Software on its edge excitable as sparkling water.
I remember yelling a giant, ‘Nooooo!’ as the Keeper made short work of the Tower above, the stars of a clear night, the megacity of a switched-off world, the furnace of the eruption, inhospitable to life, the death of Michelle, the beginning of new life, the incandescence, the silhouettes of Vikings and Gauls, the giant Morgan I leaned on in grief, the salute as we departed. The emptiness. The buddys.
Stanley Snr and his fellows waiting for us. The cradle in his hearth-rug arms and the medication from a Gentle Age that made me sleep. Faces of concern and sorrow faded away. As did I.
All the good news could not lift me. True to his word, the Whisper had seen to the disposal of false Stanleys, false Aegeans. We could choose where to live. The Underworld or the Cities [there were many]. Funny how we chose to stay put. It was home. The raids on the City were just safer, that’s all. There were no more threats to us. We were the survivors. We were one with the new world. Not just in spirit. In place too.
The question of the masters’ servants. Still don’t know. Never been back. The gene clasps had never elevated the Reichians’ vigour, more rubbish from them, but they had caused a lot of damage to their slaves. Parts of their brains didn’t function as well as we’d hoped. They were very dependent on others, hadn’t been abused as servants, just lessers. The Whisper of the Knowledge offered to replace the malfunctioning parts with their programmes. A debate rose if we had the right. Had to be their choice. We’re, erm, they’re still waiting on a verdict. Whatever comes of it, the disabled are in good hands now. They’d share the Underworld if there was room.
My room. My hut with Michelle. My little piece of home. Over 40 years in the finding. Just walls of straw now. I couldn’t stay. Didn’t share a life there any more. Only a loss. It was too much. I had to go. Went with the buddys to the City to be a recluse. But it wasn’t possible. We were One. There was no grief. And I couldn’t bear it. When I learnt how to shut myself off, the viruses found a way through. I was wrong to shout at them, they weren’t the viruses of old. Just wanted to help. Grief became complicated with sorry. I had to get out.
Those Gauls. Those indomitable Gauls invited me to a surprise banquet with all the races and, have to admit, I loved the evening, and the brews and the boars. I was grateful. But I was alone. All the time. All the damned time I was alone. More sorry from me because they had tried. It was me who failed.
When the Cities learned to sprawl, seeing no call for being so high, the mesh of ceiling above the Underworld cleared and we had sunlight and moon nights for the first time ever. That was a joy I can tell you. Nothing compares to natural light. Even the Agaeans couldn’t create natural photon. I stayed out a lot more than normal. Seeing people less and less, my back to the One as best I could.
Often I would drop to the laboratory. Few words from those who knew me most. A chair and a cushion and a long stare into the accidental black hole, the singularity that began it all. I would stare and stare and stare, hours and hours, believing the abyss was staring back at me. My beard growing as I believed Michelle was part of the entity that did nothing for me. It was all me. Staring and believing, and losing the plot. The concerns and fears from those who loved me would overwhelm a normal Stanley Jnr. But that wasn’t me any more. Half a Stanley was missing. The lady half. And no Gentle Agaean could heal my loss.
So, days, and days, and days. Staring, eating occasionally, absently playing with my faithful buddys, wishing they could talk more, no, glad they couldn’t, because everybody else was talking. I was relieved by their chatterfree chirruping. Into the days, I gazed at the timehole, convinced I could feel something. Silence becoming me. My family of good people respected my need and left me alone, unless they needed the laboratory. Snr always had work to do. But he was quiet about it.
And so I sat inventing new ways to make my cushion more comfortable, finally opting for a hover version. On a stronger day I might have tried hovering myself. No limits, you see.
It was some time into a night. I remember the Moon’s shine through our chimney. All but the timehole reflected the blue-grey filtered from a very distant Sun. Perhaps I yearned for it so much, so dearly and preciously, that I invented it. Projecting it from my soul into the dark. Like the ghosts we used to see. I thought my mind was playing tricks. Or had given up and thought, blimey, just give it to him. Even my brain had had enough. But it wasn’t a trick of the light, Mr Shakespeare. It was there.
The fire. I swear blind. I could see the fire. Like a goldfish in dark waters, the odd flash of pond life. Not continuous. Firstly so briefly I couldn’t believe it. Just thought my eyes were tired, seeing things. It came again and I began to think I was losing it. I was finally going crazy. Wanted the world to stop being cruel to me. If I was going to go mad just make it quick and leave me alone. I was chewing on my last strings of sanity and I thought, to invent ghosts was the sign of madness creeping in. No cure for me now, just the inevitable downfall. When I really would be alone. 
But, as fortune and family would have it, I wasn’t alone that night. The ever diligent and forever studious Mr Scientist was sharing the moonlight. Don’t know what he had been studying in that hour. Me, I suppose. Which was fortunate. Because seeing my body stiffen and collapse and begin to struggle with my deterioration, he walked up behind me and peered into the night pond with me.
‘Well, blow me,’ he remarked. ‘That’s fascinating. Truly fascinating.’
The buddys began to bounce on my shoulders in agreement. Did this mean they could see it too? I feared for the worst that they were patronising me. By golly, just shoot me instead. But they wouldn’t do that to me, either. They were family and had enough Knowledge to know lies only worsen an illness. Besides, we Jeffersons never lie.
They could see it too! They could see it too!
Suddenly my heart wasn’t so broken. And I was more than half a Stanley. Oh my goodness, the relief. The absolute crying relief of feeling connected again. We danced under our chimney and, quite without thinking, I woke up the whole Underworld with golden showers. I’m pretty certain they didn’t mind. Think they were just pleased to see me happy. Yes, I had suddenly become happy again. As I’d always meant to be. And that’s all they’d ever wanted since my return. My goodness, I can still feel that moment.
It was happiness tinged with sadness. Everyone knew what this meant. I had to go.
My montage ends as it started really. Michelle falling into a timehole. Now it was my turn to fall in after her. Just like before when the Reichians had blown Michelle out of the Tower and I’d chosen to follow her. I made that same choice again. As I would do every time. When the Fates repeat themselves, it is meant to be.
The fanfare was incredible. Everybody was turned out to see me. On the public square I completed another circle by giving a farewell speech to all our Underworlders. The Celts, the Gauls, the Basques, the Zulus, the Samurai, the Native Americans, the Indians and Germans, and everybody all in their finest cultural dresses, all combed, shaved, polished and laced. Including myself, who was glad to get rid of that greasy beard. The Gentry Ten had the honour of a ten-gun salute [actually they hammered the ground] and multiple handshakes and familiar backslaps abounded [remember those too]. Stanley Snr was stricken with tears in a tangle of proud love, joy and sorrow for seeing me leave on another adventure. He’d had his hand on my shoulder so many times in the laboratory, I couldn’t guess how much he would miss me. I was never quite sure if I was a father to him or if he was a father to me. Time travel has its complications.
And then I was off. Gathering my chrononucleic DNA into buffers so I wouldn’t unravel in the timewinds, giving one final farewell wave to a people who had been so kind to me. And then I stepped over the event horizon and watched as the faces grew ever more distant like a lens pulling away, and the silence engulfed me. Not that I could hear it, because my mind was brimming with only one thought, one hope, one aspiration.
To find Mrs Jefferson. To find my lady half and become a whole Stanley Jefferson again. The man I was always meant to be.
Epilogue
In some ways, I’m back where I started. Sat all alone and watching people go by. It used to be a coffee shop in a town in single moments in Time where I was quite happy in my small world, ignoring the fact I’d done nothing in life, thinking this peace of mind was an achievement in itself, [which it was]. But it obviously wasn’t enough. Otherwise I wouldn’t have followed Michelle out of my comfort zone. That enigmatic lady in black. And now, here I am, sitting all alone once again watching people go by. 
Now I have all of Time to keep me interested. I can dip into any timestream and watch the ways of people from any point in History. I should feel bonzai’d and ecstatic. But it means nothing to me. Because I love Michelle and my heart is broken. Because she is gone. Gone forever. I can’t find her.
So all my riches are detached from me. And I’m sitting here all alone. Once again. As if Old Fate stalks you into eternity. Where there’s no escape. Oh well. My life. The Fates will have it no other way. Back where I started. I’m beginning to think the journey wasn’t worth it. No matter what I do, I always end up alone. My life indeed.
At least the buddys are here with me, keeping me company in their tiny ways. So I’m not entirely alone. Think I’d go spare without their little chirping and playing. Bless them.
I recently worked out how they could follow me around wherever I went, even when they disappeared from sight. And they had disappeared, quite literally. They showed me how they did it. Or, more, how I did it with them. You see, I’m full of surprises. I should never believe there’s a limit to me. There’s always some potential within me that I have yet to tap into. Which is exactly what the buddys did – tapped into me. 
You see, when I began that foolish rescue mission, my Viking blood charging my impulses to distant shores, I wasn’t entirely myself. I think you know by now. The Whisper later hinted at why, referring to our Underworld diet. ‘You are what you eat,’ he had said, [he’s gone too]. It passed me by at the time. We were rather busy! But out here, when my foot was stuck and I had nothing to do, it kept coming back to me. Until I finally realised what he had meant. I finally grasped exactly who the Gentle Agaeans were. Perhaps you can work it out yourself now. A race of people who travel through Time, who are composed of the Software that made up life on Earth after the Eco-Outbreak. ‘You are what you eat.’ It went through my head a million times, until I realised the essence of those words. Mr Scientist had made the Underworlders’ debris edible [after a few mishaps], and we had eaten the modified fallout from the Software’s City. We had eaten them, and they were made of software. Isn’t it obvious? We, the Underworlders, are that future race. We ate the Software and we became the Gentle Agaeans! No wonder the Whisper chuckled so. He knew exactly who we were. It just tickled him not to tell us. Silly fool.
As you can tell, I’d transformed quite a lot by the time I left my homeworld. It was nothing for the buddys to abscond into my person. There can be a million files hidden inside me and I wouldn’t know it. I wouldn’t. But the buddys would. I think they knew what was going on all along. No wonder they felt they had the freedom to play. They saw the whole picture, more than the Whisper, more than the Timewhale.
No. There’s no limit to me. None at all. The whole of Time is at my fingertips. I can view any event and watch all the people all the while. While I’m alone. All alone. With everyone to keep me company.
But they don’t. Not really. Because loneliness and friendship and companionship are just matters of the heart. You could live on a desert island and never feel lonely if your heart was a friend to you. But here, I’m in the Universe of Everyone and my heart is broken. Feels like it forever will be. The buddys are fine. I love them to bits. But my heart is broken. So what else can I do? I am alone, in the Universe of Everyone.
Sigh.
Yes. I sigh a lot these days. Almost longing for the clocks to return me to page one when I sat contented drinking my coffee. Minding my own business. [People watching isn’t really nosy. It’s treating life as an artform.] No harm to anyone. And then the Future comes to bother me and takes me away. Away from a soul with peace in his heart and dreams in his days. I should have stayed put. A bomb under my table! Oh behave. Why would you believe such nonsense, Stanley? Would you believe in anything in those days? Were you really that vulnerable?
Yes. You must have been. You lived to the whims of others who didn’t care for you. And you ended up nowhere. You were always a passive creature. You never understood people. So you had to trust the confident. Forever at their mercy. Which is why you ended up in so much trouble with the Falseman. Well, they were all false. The ones who used you. To your regret.
But then, I stopped being that person after a while. The journey changed me. Michelle and my great...grandson gave me all I needed to find a stronger Stanley, a man with defences and a means to reply, which I’d never had before. And I was grateful for that. I became a man at last. At long last. A hairier man! But the man you and I would like to know. At long last. By crikey, they did so much good for me. I shall never forget them. Or stop loving them. Especially my Michelle.
No. Despite my broken heart, I have no regrets. The journey was necessary after all. And true to me.
‘You know, my little buddys,’ I said to them, wondering why they were so excited, ‘I think I’m taking a lot for granted.’
And then, a voice from behind me said, ‘So do I, Stanley.’
And I never wasted another day of my life again.
