



Hearts in Barbed Wire

Love’s Great War: Belgium 1914

By
Linda Andrews


Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2014 by Linda Andrews
Published by Linda Andrews

Arantza, Aemelia and Emily—Editors at novelneeds.com
Cover Design © Gabrielle Prendergast
coveryourdreams.net

All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the author.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or persons, living or dead, is completely coincidental.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


A special thank you to Vijaya, Beth. Bobbi and my mother for reading the novel through its many incarnations.

To my husband for his unflinching support.

And to those who’ve stood up to help the men and women who fight the good fight. You all deserve a happily ever after.

Enjoy!



“...every face was ablaze— the look of
a people who have been trampled on for hundreds
of years and have not learned to submit.”
On the Belgian people
Hugh Gibson, American Diplomat, 1914



Chapter One


Belgium
October, 1914

A shadow stretched across the yard before twilight snuffed it out. The distinct spiked helmet could only belong to a German soldier. Twenty-one year old Madeline Thevenet dropped her valise and raised her hands. Under three layers of clothes, her arms shook and her knees trembled. Please, Almighty God, don’t let him shoot me. Give me a chance to speak to Papa. To explain.
“Pew! Pew!”
She blinked. Pew? Guns didn’t say pew; little boys did. Her knees shook, not a soldier at all. Lamps glowed in her home’s window, cutting a patch of light in the yard and sparking off the liquid in the trough near the water pump.
The blunt tip of a stick emerged from the corner of the house and prodded the dim light. “That’s for King Albert. That’s for Queen Elisabeth.”
Her seven-year old brother, Mathieu, goose-stepped into the glow. The spike-tipped helmet tilted recklessly to the side. He raised the stick and his arms, as he alternated the parts of prisoner and soldier. “Don’t shoot. I’ll go back to Germany.”
A bark of laughter burst past Madeline’s lips. Her knees buckled and she dropped to the ground. Alive. Her brother was alive. Surely that meant her parents were too. Dead grass crunched under her knees and clung to the coarse wool of her skirt.
Her brother dropped the stick to his shoulder. Looking down the crooked ‘barrel’, he pointed the ‘muzzle’ in her direction. “What’s the password?”
“Mathieu.” She opened her arms wide.
“Maddy!” Tossing aside the makeshift carabine, he leapt the two meters separating them.
Her arms wrapped around him. Underneath his thin shirt and overalls, she felt the slide of bone. Her chest constricted. He was so very thin. Had he been sick again? She buried her nose in the crook of his neck and inhaled the scents of little boy, sweat and sunshine.
Home.
She was home. As long as her family was together, they could survive this invasion. They could survive anything.
Sniffling, she held him at arm’s length. Despite the dim lighting, she checked him over.
Roses bloomed in his cheeks and vitality crackled in his green eyes. “I’m glad you’re back, Maddy. My soldiers need nursing.”
“They do, do they?” Lifting the helmet by its point, she smoothed his cowlick. “Well, I hope they like needles because wounded soldiers need lots of shots.”
She poked his belly with her finger.
Giggling, he clasped his stomach and twisted away. “I’m not wounded.”
“That’s because you’re getting your injections.” She lunged for him again.
Batting her hands away, he danced toward the door. “I’m serious, Maddy. My soldiers—”
“Mathieu!” Her father trudged around the corner, dragging a vee-shaped wagon half full of wheat.
Madeline stiffened. She had known returning home wouldn’t be easy. But she’d hoped the war would smooth the way. Make her father see the importance of family.
And forgiveness.
Mathieu spun on his bare heel and bounced across the grass. “Papa! Maddy has come home to nurse my soldiers.”
Papa raised one muscular arm and pointed to the door to the house. Disappointment carved deep grooves in his round cheeks. “Inside, Mathieu. Eat your supper.”
“But Papa—”
“At once!”
Mathieu’s thin shoulders bowed. Without another word, he slogged across the yard and disappeared inside.
Inhaling deeply, Madeline rose to her feet and wiped her damp palms on her skirt. Words of apology and contrition stuck to her tongue. “Hello, Papa.”
Time counted in heartbeats.
He shrugged off the harness lashing him to the cart. Sheaves of wheat half-filled the vee-shaped bed. Stooping, he struck a match against the bottom of his shoe. The yellow light deepened the lines mapping his face until it disappeared into his pipe bowl. His eyes narrowed as smoke swirled around his head. With a flick of his wrist, he tossed the match in the trough of water near the water pump. “You should not have returned home, Madeline.”
“I could not stay away.” Swallowing the lump in her throat, she raised her chin.
Papa glanced to the left then right. “You were safe in Brussels.”
“But I didn’t know if you were safe, Papa.” She peered into the darkness, seeing only the familiar shape of the house, stable, trees and shrubs. Of course, the Boches were everywhere. The cabbageheads listened, oversaw and interfered in everything.
And Belgian traitors were only too eager to help the Germans.
She’d learned that at the hospital. Odd how she’d forgotten it, just because home looked the same.
“Now you care about your Papa?”
Her stomach plummeted to her knees. “I’ve always cared, Papa.”
But she’d wanted to have a life of her own. One in the city, without the constant drudge of farm work. One with friends and trips to the moving pictures, luncheon at a cafe.
“You’ve lied. Taken money meant for your dowry to the church.” Removing his pipe stem from his mouth, Papa jabbed it in her direction. “And you’ve had a nun, your own aunt, lie to cover your sinful lifestyle.”
“It wasn’t sinful.” She fisted her skirt in her shaking hands. Why couldn’t he see she deserved the same opportunity for education her older brother received before he’d died of the fever? “I was training to be a nurse.”
And she’d been the most promising in her class. Madame had said so, but then the foul Boches had barged across the frontier and ruined everything. The deep-throated cannonading rumbled in the distance, sowing Bible-black clouds on the blood-soaked sunset.
“I treated our soldiers, Papa. Our Jas.”
“That is the work of nuns.” Father’s jaw thrust forward. “For an unmarried woman to see men in such conditions is wrong.”
Madeline retreated a step. So many thought secular nursing could only be done by whores since they often saw men unclothed. But the school she’d attended was nearly a decade old, founded on the British tradition where secular nursing had been established during the Crimean war. Her school’s students worked at many respected hospitals and cliniques. “I healed men, women and children, Papa. Surely that is God’s work even done by one not of the cloth.”
“You will return to the convent in the morning. If you must do this work, you will do so in the habit as is proper and not bring dishonor to our family.”
Return? Clasping her shaking hands in front of her, she stepped toward her father. “I cannot return to the convent.”
“Then you are not welcome here.” His voice dropped to a soft whisper.
She winced and studied her wooden shoes. She knew he loved her, knew he wanted the best for her. But her aunt had counseled her to follow her true calling. Her aunt had not foreseen this war. Or the yearning Madeline had for her family. In the poor light, she examined the mud caking her sabots. Bits of it flaked off exposing the yellow wood. “Please, Papa…”
“If you will not do this one thing for your family, then you are as dead to me as your older brother.” His calloused hands fisted. His leathery skin had the folds of a winter apple but his bald head shone like fresh picked fruit. A fringe of white hair crowned his head like fine lace.
“The Germans...”
“Are everywhere.” He cocked one bushy eyebrow. “Their rules apply here as well as Brussels. Return to those like you and do not return again.”
She blinked rapidly. The Boches loved their notices. The Avis were posted on every post and spare wall still standing in the villages she’d passed. “The Germans closed our hospitals and sent everyone home. Only German nurses may tend the wounded and our injured soldiers have been sent to camps far away.”
He puffed on his pipe until the tobacco glowed like an angry red eye. “The Belgian Red Cross?”
“Is under the German boot heel.” She spat into the dead grass then shuddered. Her clinique had sent the wounded with the army before the city fell, but other nurses had told such tales of horror as the officers brutally inspected the wounds of the soldiers. “Even the convents and churches are not safe from the Boches. Between the refugees and the displaced sisters and priests, the ones that still stand are full. Please, Papa, let me stay.”
He closed his eyes and swayed on his feet. “We too have been distressed at what they have done to our men and women of the cloth.”
Hope fluttered inside her. She tucked a lock of hair underneath her head scarf. “Papa?”
“If you promise to return to the convent after our Jas chase the Boches back to Germany, you may stay until the enemy leaves.”
Could she make such a promise? Could she keep it? Blinking, she cleared her vision. She had no choice. She couldn’t leave her family now. “I promise.”
He opened his arms.
She fell into them. The sweet, spicy scent of pipe tobacco enveloped her. “Thank you, Papa.”
After kissing her forehead, he released her and picked up her valise. Throwing his free arm over her shoulder, he reeled her against his barrel chest. “We will speak no more of your lies. The village must never know.”
She held him close. Her tongue fused to her palate. She would not tell him about being asked to leave the order, about her unsuitability as a nun.
“We can use a nurse.” He steered her toward the door. “We are helping to provide for the soldiers.”
Madeline’s wooden soles dug into the dirt. She checked over her shoulder, clawed the shawl off her head to see the road. Empty. She could not have heard her father correctly. Her voice dropped. “You have Jas? Here?”
Papa jerked to a stop. The pipe clicked against his teeth. His chest swelled. “Yes. We have two who arrived the night before last. Gaston Cocard brought them before returning to his home. One is English. Calls himself Tommy. Can’t speak a word of French or Flemish. When we asked if he understood Walloon, he thought we spoke of the German sausages. Balloon.”
Freeing her, her father pointed at the star studded sky.
She looked up, searched for a zeppelin. Thankfully, no airship sailed the skies. She shook her head. What was she thinking? The danger was on the ground, hiding in her house. Didn’t her parents know that anyone aiding the Jas would be executed? Hadn’t they heard the stories and seen the proclamations? She swayed on her feet. “You have to make the soldiers go, Papa.”
“They will, once the others arrive.”
Others? More soldiers were coming? Her heart thudded heavily in her breast. The enemy could appear at any moment, could discover the hidden men, and could line up everyone and shoot them dead.
Papa patted her hand. “The two stragglers are wounded.”
A tremor traveled up her spine—symptoms of the war within. She could show her father her skills as a secular nurse, and maybe sway him into releasing her from her promise, or she could protect her family.
The Boches made it so she could no longer do both.
But how could she choose?
Papa drew himself up to his full height. “We will return these men to the King, to Antwerp. They will chase the Boches back to Germany.”
“Antwerp has fallen.” The news tumbled from her numb lips. She’d known when she’d left Brussels, but saying it made it real. Horribly real.
“Who says this?”
“It was in the newspaper this morning.”
“Bah.” Father waved his hand. “The Boches control the papers. The Boches lie.”
“The guns were silent in the west, Papa.” Horribly silent. She’d clapped her hands over her ears once the guns had stopped. There could be only one explanation. According to the papers, the Germans occupied the National Redoubt after leveling many of the outlying forts.
Some said King Albert had been taken prisoner. Others that he had fled to France.
Her heart would not beat if that were so. And she would bite off her lips before telling those tales.
Papa sighed, scratched at his fringe of white hair. “We must restore the soldiers to our king for his return. Then and only then will we have done our duty as Belgians.”
“You must not tell the villagers.” Madeline had seen what happened to those suspected of working against the invaders. From her window in Brussels, she’d seen men, women and children dragged across darkened streets to stand before a table of officers. While the drumhead tribunal proceeded in the cafe, a handful of soldiers marched into the alley. Always, always the Belgian followed them. Then came the volley of bullets and...
“The villagers are helping us.”
Her head began to throb. Every person increased their risk of discovery, of execution. She glanced at the house. Shutters thrown open. Kerosene lamps smoking in the windows. Anyone could see inside, which was why the Boches had ordered it so. Surely she could do something to reduce the risk of discovery. “I shall tend their injuries.”
“I’m very happy to hear that.” A man’s voice died in time for her to hear the distinctive click of a revolver.



Chapter Two


Lieutenant Lucien Duplan eased the hammer of his revolver into a safe position before pointing the gun at the ground. He hadn’t become an officer of the Belgian army to shoot his fellow countrymen, or women. The lamp in the open window flickered, scattering the shadows across the dead grass beneath his feet. The gunshot wound at his side throbbed.
With her back toward him, the stocky woman stiffened. The shawl covering her head melded with her bulky dress until her shadowy figure resembled a black spirit. The man puffed on his pipe and smoke cast a veil over his coarse features. Neither said a word.
Glancing in the glowing windows, Luc searched for signs of his men. This had to be the correct house. Beyond the lamp, he made out the black beams of the low ceiling and the green bundles of drying herbs. Or had he lost his way? He shook himself. No, this was the right house. She had mentioned treating soldiers and Cocard. The skin at the base of his neck itched. Still, he couldn’t be too careful. “Monsieur Thevenet?”
The old man removed the pipe from his mouth before holding out his free hand. “Lieutenant Duplan?”
The woman inhaled sharply.
Ignoring her, Luc slid his palm against the man’s. Calluses indicated the farmer’s strength. Thank the Almighty, Luc had found the correct house. “My men?”
“Inside.” Thevenet jerked his head to the rectangular farmhouse. “They said there’d be two of you.”
“Mille requires assistance to complete the journey.” And nursing. And rest. And so many other things. Luc sighed. He wouldn’t lose another man. Couldn’t lose another one. Thevenet may not be happy his daughter wasn’t a nun, but to encounter a nurse out here was nothing short of a miracle. “Mille has a leg injury, Sister.”
Luc skimmed her bulky frame and offered her the traditional title of respect although she didn’t wear a nurse’s uniform.
“I have not yet finished my nurse’s training, but have some experience with injuries.” The woman scampered toward the farmer. Turning, she tugged on his sleeve. “Perhaps we should take our visitor inside, Papa.”
She turned her face aside.
Instead of entering the house, Thevenet cupped his daughter’s arm and propelled her forward a few steps into the golden bars of lamplight. “I was just about to take Madeline inside to tend your men.”
Light washed over the soft planes of her cheek, the straight line of her nose and gilded the lush crescent of her eyelashes.
Luc blinked and cast back in his memories. When was the last time he’d enjoyed a lovely, young woman’s company? Never. His fiancée had once accused him of being made of stone. Guess this blasted war had changed him more than he knew. Luc smoothed his hair—caked with mud, the strands refused to lay flat. Next, he hand-pressed the shirt he’d taken from a clothesline he’d passed last week. “How much training do you have?”
She bit her bottom lip for a moment. “A year. But I’ve tended many neighbors before I left for school.”
A true miracle then. Luc scratched the week’s worth of stubble sprouting from his chin. “I’ll need my men to bring Mille here before sun-up.”
Thevenet chewed on the pipe stem. “That may not be possible. We gave them some wine to celebrate their safe arrival.”
“I see.” Luc swallowed his groan. He would have to carry Mille himself. Thankfully, the hedge concealing the wounded soldier was only three kilometers back. A stabbing pain traveled from his side down his leg. He breathed slowly until it disappeared.
“We shall take the wagon.” Thevenet lumbered back toward the rickety vee-shaped wagon. Stalks of harvested wheat waved through the opened sticks of the bed.
Skirts swishing over the grass, Madeline scampered after him. “No! You’ll be shot for being out after curfew.”
He shook off his daughter’s touch. “We must help our Jas.”
The revolver grew heavy in Luc’s grip. Despite her earlier words, Sister Madeline did not seem keen on helping his men.
“I know, Papa.” She grabbed the harness before the graybeard could reach it and hugged it to her chest. “And we will help our brave soldiers. But I will go. I have a pass to be out after dark.”
How had the good Sister obtained such a thing? The cabbageheads were stingy with their passes. Were words the extent of her loyalty to Belgium? Pressing his injured side, Luc straightened. “Perhaps—”
She turned her back to him and shook the harness at her father. “No one would believe I came from the station with a wagon full of grain, I shall take the dog cart.”
Monsieur Thevenet prodded the valise on the ground with his muddy boot. “That does not require a cart.”
She raked off her headscarf. “If the Jas is injured, I will need something to carry him. The dog cart is perfect. As for my baggage... Do you still have that old trunk?”
The graybeard nodded.
Luc planted his hands on his hips. His side twinged at the contact with his knuckles. He was an officer in His Majesty’s service, how had he lost command of the situation? “A moment, if you please, Monsieur. Sister.”
Thevenet scratched his mustache. “You’re not proposing stuffing the soldier into the chest?”
Madeline waved his words away. “Certainly not, Papa. The Germans are searching all the baggage. The wounded man can lay on top of the chest and hide underneath the hedges when a patrol passes.”
Luc stiffened. He’d decide where he and his man hid. “Now, see here.”
“I’ll get the cart.” Thevenet spun on his heel and marched toward a low-slung barn perpendicular to the house.
Bouncing on the balls of her feet, she faced Luc. “Now, then, let me see to that wound.”
Her long, slim fingers danced over his injured side.
Tingles mingled freely with the ache engendered by the contact. Reigning his body in, he brushed aside her touch. She was a nurse for pity’s sake and already wary of the disrespect some offered healing sisters. “My man first, Sister.”
Lamplight sparked off Madeline’s brown eyes before she narrowed them. Her full lips pursed and her fingers curled into fists. “Untreated wounds can become infected. I don’t have enough experience in treating infections.”
“Thankfully, neither I nor my wound plan to strain the bounds of your experience.”
She flashed the whites of her eyes.
Thevenet trudged out of the barn dragging the dog cart behind him. Wood clattered against wood between the squeaking of the wheel.
Closing his eyes for a moment, Luc shook his head. With a sound like that, the entire German army would be upon them before they traveled ten meters. “I will carry my man back here.”
“If you could have carried him, you would have.” Madeline tossed her head, sending her blond curls bouncing, and stomped to her father’s side. “The cart is faster.”
Impertinent for a woman. Small wonder she hadn’t become a nun. They were obedient. Luc ground his teeth together.
Thevenet rolled the cart back and forth, gouging furrows in the dead grass. “I’ve greased the axle. Give it a minute and it’ll be silent.”
On the next push, the cart emitted a soft growl.
Madeline eased into her father’s spot. Grasping the narrow shafts in her hands, she leaned forward. Her sabots slipped on the ground. Her tongue sticking out between her teeth, she inched forward. “The trunk is heavier than I expected.”
She wouldn’t have to worry about it for long. Luc would pull the cart. Holding his injured side, he retrieved the valise on the ground and strode forward.
“Yes, it’s heavy.” Thevenet nodded. “We’ve stored a few things inside for safe-keeping. I took out most, but left in the linens. Even the Boches wouldn’t believe a woman would haul around an empty trunk.”
She snorted. “Of course they would. The Germans have pilfered everything of value from the baggage.”
Luc’s grip tightened on the handle. Damn Germans. Why couldn’t they have respected Belgium’s neutrality? He closed the gap between himself and Madeline.
She veered away. A saucy smile curved her lips; it didn’t reach her eyes. “Your man first, right?”
Thevenet covered a bark of laughter with a cough. Ducking his head, he hurried toward the barn.
Heat burned up Luc’s neck as he traipsed after her. He didn’t enjoy having his words thrown back at him. What man did? He set her valise on the scarred trunk. “I can pull the cart, Sister.”
“So can I.” She swerved back onto a path to the gap in the hedge. “And I’m not injured.”
Luc crossed his arms. “You’re the most disobedient nurse I’ve ever met.”
Grunting, she tugged the cart onto the rutted road. Her white teeth glowed in the darkness. “Hush now. The Boches could be anywhere and you’re loud.”
He clamped his lips together. Three kilometers never seemed so far.



Chapter Three


Luc plodded down the road. A full moon struggled to pull free of the smoke from the battlefield, miles to the south. The cannonading beat like a war drum. Soon...soon he’d be fighting, too. The war couldn’t end until he rejoined the battle to free Belgium.
The dog cart wheel squeaked with the softness of a field mouse. Madeline winced and glanced about. A blond curl fell on her shoulder like a spill of moonlight.
His nails dug into his palms to keep from reaching for it. He had a fiancée. Somewhere. Funny how this woman would conjure memories of Laure. Madeline was fair where Laure’s hair was unrelieved ebony. Madeline was stocky like a peasant, while Laure was willowy. Madeline wanted to be a nurse to serve others, while Laure...
He cut off the thought. He would not be so disloyal to his fiancée. Laure’s nature was as befitted a lady. His lady—demure, proper and awaiting his lead. All admirable traits for a Baron’s future wife. It was why his parents had picked her for him.
Well, that and her mining fortune.
Luc kicked at a clod, spraying dirt along the road. Funny, he hadn’t minded the arrangement until lately. His side throbbed but he dare not check his injury. His traveling companion watched his every move. If he hadn’t warned her about the need to be quiet, she might still be nagging him for permission to check his side.
His man, Mille, must be treated first. God knew what he would do if Mille’s leg wound had become infected. He had been eyeing the revolver a little too much for Luc’s liking.
“How much further?” Madeline’s whisper swirled on a white cloud. Cold rouged her cheeks and she sniffed.
He plucked at the buttons of his jacket. She had already refused it once. He caught her eye.
She shook her head.
He sighed. He’d hoped she’d eventually see reason and wear it.
“Not much further, Sister.” His moist breath washed over his face then his skin turned clammy. He could handle a little fever. Mille needed help now. Luc scanned the dark silhouettes of the trees clawing at the night sky. Unharvested grain swished against the hedges. Twenty meters ahead, a splintered pine exposed its bloodless innards. They were close. Cupping his hands around his mouth, he mimicked a swallow’s call.
The cart’s wheel squeaked.
Madeline drew up short. The trunk in the dog cart rattled. Biting her lip, she slowly lowered the traces.
A heartbeat ticked by. Then another. Luc’s ears strained against the velvet night and his mouth dried. Just because Mille didn’t answer didn’t mean he was dead. He could have passed out. Or—
A high-pitched whistle shot from the hedge on the left.
“Mille.” Luc darted forward; his injury pulled at his side. “Leopold.”
“Leopold?” Groaning, Madeline lurched forward, dragging the cart behind her. “I thought there was only one man.”
A soft woof accompanied the rustle of leaves. Then a German shepherd’s black nose glistened in the moonlight. The black and brown body soon followed. Tail wagging, the dog trotted down the road.
“It’s a dog.” She dropped the traces and held out her hands.
Leopold sniffed the air then he stilled and pointed his snout at her.
“Come here, boy.” Crouching, she snapped her fingers with one hand. The other fumbled with her skirts.
Luc cleared his throat. “Leopold isn’t a pet. He’s—”
The shepherd loped past Luc, circled Madeline once then snuffled her hand.
The traitor! Luc snapped his fingers. Leopold was a military dog under Luc’s command. He needed to remember it.
Leopold sat in front of her.
“You’re such a good boy.” She offered the dog a crust of bread before scratching him behind his ears.
Leopold held the bread between his teeth while stretching his neck out for Madeline’s attention.
“Lieutenant?” Mille hissed from the bushes.
“Here.” Luc bit off the word and stomped his foot. “Leopold. Come.”
The dog swallowed the bread, tucked his tail between his legs and belly-crawled over.
Smiling, Madeline swiped at the dog hair clinging to her skirt. “We weren’t allowed to have dogs in the clinique. I have missed them.”
“Yes, well.” Luc pointed to the ground by his feet. The canine prostrated himself, his brown eyes shining brightly in the moonlight. “He’s a soldier under my command and must act the part, Sister.”
“Yes, sir.” She straightened her shoulders and her right arm twitched.
Luc’s eyes narrowed. She had better not salute him. He would—
A twig snapped behind him. Mille’s pale face emerged from under the hedge. “You’ve brought a woman?”
“A nurse.” Luc clutched his skull. Was everyone going to question his authority tonight? “I brought a nurse. Sister Madeline Thevenet meet Private Mille.”
“Private Mille.” She turned the cart so it faced her village, then fumbled with the bulging handkerchief at her waist. “Are you hungry?”
“You might want to check my injury before wasting your food.” Mille slunk back under the hedge.
Luc ground his teeth together. He couldn’t afford pessimism. Neither would he lose another man, not to the cold, or his wounds, or anything else. “He’ll eat.”
She tugged her valise out of the cart and marched toward him, swinging the bundle from her fingers. “You might want to set the example, Lieutenant.”
Mille chuckled.
Luc rolled his shoulders. At least his man hadn’t lost his sense of humor. Crossing to the hedge, he found a thin spot. Branches scratched his wrists as he parted the limbs and walked through. “Patch him up so we can leave before the Boches return.”
“Last patrol came through about an hour ago.” On the right, Mille wiggled out from under the hedge. The bandage swelled the skin above his knee. His pant leg flopped like broken wings when he shimmied lower. “Another one should be through in thirty to forty minutes.”
“Leopold. Guard.”
The shepherd slunk toward Luc before disappearing under the hedge. Leaves flitted to the ground as the dog settled in.
Madeline’s fingers brushed Luc’s. Holding the valise to her chest with her other hand, she frowned at the hedge. “If you hold one side, I can hold this one.”
Luc leaned forward, holding back more branches with his forearm.
She hopped over the thick base. The hedge snatched at her skirts, lifted her hem, and exposed one slim ankle.
Heat spiraled through him. Damn fever.
Fabric tore. She sucked in a breath, stumbled a few steps then found her footing. Dropping her valise, she reeled in the fabric and poked her fingers through the six centimeter gash just above the hem. Sighing, she flung it to the ground and shook out her skirts. “At least Madame isn’t here to see the sad state of my dress.”
“I’m sure she wouldn’t mind a little tear. After all, you are attending to an injured man, Sister.”
“You don’t know Madame.” Her dress mushroomed up around her as she sank to the ground. Sure movements jerked on the ties of her valise. “Our dress code was strictly enforced. Cuffs had to be changed quite promptly to prevent spreading infection.” Lifting the valise lid, she rooted around the interior. “When were you injured?”
Luc plucked a scrap of wool from the hedge before joining her. “He was injured at Liège.”
She froze. Her mouth opened and closed twice before she spoke. “But that was over two months ago.”
“His wound was attended to right away. Then we had to evacuate.”
“I see.” She lifted her hand from the suitcase. Metal rasped and moonlight gilded the electric torch.
“We held our fort for six days after the main one fell.” Jaw thrust forward, Mille worked up onto his elbows. “Then the magazine exploded. We had no choice but to leave.”
Those that still lived. Luc’s skin itched. And they were so few in number... The injured that couldn’t leave had manned the last Maxim machine gun to give the rest of them a chance.
“Burgomaster Max printed the German demand that we surrender. The Boches praised your defense, said we’d fulfilled honor’s requirements, then told us to behave. Like we were recalcitrant children.” She fiddled with the battery seconds before light shot out of the bulbous glass lens in the front of the silver reflector.
Raising his right hand, Mille shielded his face. “We didn’t, did we?”
“The King would never surrender.” Luc grabbed the lantern and shut it off. “Do you want to draw the attention of the entire Boche army?”
She lurched for the torch, hooked the handle and tugged. “I need light to see his wound.”
Luc wrapped his hand around hers, stilling the fight. “If we’re spotted...”
Her skin softened under his palm. “I know. But Mille said we have about another half hour or so.”
“Light can be seen from kilometers away.” He swept his thumb along the back of her hand.
She sucked in a breath.
Mille cleared his throat. “You could just leave me. I’m sure I already have blood poisoning.”
Closing her eyes, she turned her face to the moon. “Give me your jacket.”
“Now, Sister?” Luc’s hold tightened. This had to be a trick for her to regain the electric torch. She hadn’t wanted her father to shelter his men, after all. She might be on the Boches’ side. He’d heard the stories.
She tugged her hand free of his and reached for the buttons of her coat. “Between your jacket and my coat, both I and the light should be covered.”
“Of course.” His shoulders sagged. He hadn’t really believed she was a traitor. Yet, he couldn’t be too careful. He was responsible for his men. He’d promised to lead them back to the fight.
Shrugging out of her coat, she spread it over Mille’s legs then reached for the torch and shoved it under the cloth. “I’ll turn on the lamp and get into a comfortable position. Drape your coat over any gaps.”
Mille flopped back on the ground. “You should just leave me.”
She shook her head. “Were you on the stage before taking up the colors?”
Laughter bubbled past Luc’s lips. He swallowed it down, felt the foreign sound shred his throat on the way to his stomach.
Mille crossed his arms over his chest. “I thought nurses were nice.”
“And I thought medical professionals were supposed to diagnose disease not the patient. Apparently we were both mistaken.” Flipping up the edge of her jacket, she ducked under it. A switch clicked and light stretched across the grass.
Mille gasped like a landed fish.
If her mouth kept him fighting, Luc would encourage her to talk often. Now to the problem at hand. To cover the seepage, he’d need to split his jacket in two. Good thing the fever kept him warm. Luc clasped the garment in both hands.
“Hmm.” She dragged her suitcase partially under her coat, then fluffed her skirts to block out the right side.
Luc draped his jacket over the remaining seam.
“Hmmm?” Mille rose on his elbows. A beam of light darted toward the hedges. “Is it bad?”
“It doesn’t smell like gangrene, um, blood poisoning.” Her elbows tented the coat, sending sparks of light this way and that. Scissors snipped. “I’ll know more once I remove the bandage.”
Setting his hand on the other man’s chest, Luc pushed Mille flat.
“She’s sniffing me.” Mille closed his eyes and clamped his lips together.
Luc winced. They hadn’t bathed in days. Their body odor might mask the stench of rot. No, he mustn’t think it.
The switch clicked then Madeline wiggled free of the coats. Strands of hair floated around her head, catching the moonlight. She blew them out of her eyes before studying her bloody fingers. “You’ve broken a few stitches, and the skin is red, but I don’t see any sign of infection.”
“Are you certain?”
“Yes. Yes, of course.” She rubbed her hands in the grass before stopping. “I’ll disinfect the wound with carbolic then bandage it up.”
Mille cracked an eye and peered at her. “What about the stitches?”
“Once we return to my home, I’ll fix them.” She pushed back a stray hair. “The light will be better.”
Luc’s gut clenched. She was lying. But about what?
Her hands shook before she set them on the ground and she pushed to her feet. Dead grass flaked off her skirt when she raked it up her leg.
Look away. Luc’s gaze fastened on the trim ankle before traveling up the slim calve.
Mille whistled.
Mille! The man shouldn’t be looking at her legs. Rising to his knees, Luc whisked up his jacket and used it to block the soldier’s view. White shimmered in Luc’s peripheral vision along with the delicate webbing of lace. He swallowed. Hard. “What do you think you’re doing, Sister?”
Her skirts twitched. “You don’t think I carried the medicine in my valise, do you? The Boches have been requisitioning everything of value.”
“Including...” The rest of his words stuck in his dry throat as a curve of her thigh came into view. A nun. She was promised to be a nun.
“Medicine. They raided our clinique within days of arriving. Naturally, we hid most of our stores. But when they ordered us to close, we divvied up the supplies before heading home.” Nimble fingers disappeared into the snowy linen and emerged with a brown bottle. She tilted the label toward the heavens. “Ha! I thought I’d put it there. Now for the bandages.”
“Seems a shame to waste such fine garments.” Leaning back on his elbows, Mille sighed. His line of sight tracked over the protection of the jacket right to her thigh.
“Oh!” She stumbled back a step and slapped her skirts down.
Luc tossed the jacket into the other man’s face. “Private Mille.”
He reached for the covering to bare his face.
“Keep it in place until the Sister is finished attending you.” Luc infused steel in his voice. Madeline deserved their respect not their gawking.
“Yes, sir.” Mille sank to the ground. The jacket slipped.
Luc righted it before rising. “I’ll see if your trunk contains anything we can use as bandages.”
“But—” She raised her hand and stepped forward.
“I insist.” Shoving aside the branches, he stormed through the hedge. No way she would ruin such delicate lace. He’d give her the shirt off his back first.
“Thank you.”
Kicking free of the alder bush, he stumbled on the road. He glanced left then right. Shadows. Darkness. The damn German army could be upon him before he spied them. Wiping his damp hands on his pants, he stomped to the cart and yanked on the straps.
Throwing open the lid, he caught it before it could slam against the side of the cart. Moonlight puddled on the snowy linens inside. His fingers glided across the lace tatted collar, the intricate embroidery on the bodice, and tiny sleeves of the night gown. Roses grew from the two pillowcases. A length of cream silk streamed between his fingers. Sweet God in heaven. Did all nuns wear such things under their habits?
He caught his breath and jerked his hand back.
Leopold growled. Sticking his nose out, he peered to the right and bared his teeth.
Germans! Luc lowered the lid of the chest and searched the road. The red eye of a cigarette glowed in the darkness. Damnation! He’d forgotten the curve in the road. Sprinting for the opening, he dove through. Twisting at the last minute, he hit shoulder first. Pain blanked his vision as he rolled to his side then scrambled to his feet. “Boches.”



Chapter Four


The Germans were coming! Madeline rose on brittle legs. Any moment now, she’d collapse into a heap. But she had to face the enemy. The roll of bandages dropped from her numb fingers, bounced once on her coat then rolled to a stop in the matted grass. Her hand trembled when she reached for her coat.
“Is the electric torch out, Sister?” Luc rolled onto his back and whipped out his pistol.
“Yes. Of course.” She stuffed her arms into the stiff sleeves and shivered from the cold. Papers. She needed to find her travel papers. The Boches would shoot her if she didn’t have them.
They might shoot her anyway.
Don’t think that way. Her plan would work. Swallowing the lump in her throat, she patted her chest. Paper crinkled in her left breast pocket. Thank God, she still had them.
On the ground near her sabots, Mille rose up on his elbow. “What are you doing?”
“I have to go out there.” Pinching the wooden coat buttons, she tried twice to shove them through their holes.
Luc rose to his knees. “No. You don’t know what those savages do to women.”
“I do.” All too well. She’d been on duty in the clinique when peasants had been carried in—bruised, bayonetted and violated. Age hadn’t spared anyone from the violence. She brushed her pass and identification papers before stuffing her head scarf in her collar.
Luc grabbed her hand. “You need to stay here. I will protect you.”
The heat from his palm sowed tingles across her skin. She tugged free and cold stung her fingers. “I need to be with the cart.”
Out there. On the road. She stared over the hedge into the moonlight and shivered. So much darkness. It would practically swallow her once she reached the cart.
“Lieutenant.” Mille clawed at the ground under him and sat up, his injured leg stuck out in front of him. “We can’t let her go out there alone.”
Raising her chin, she took a steadying breath. “And I can’t let them find you.”
Papa would never forgive her. These soldiers were fighting for her, for Belgium. Grabbing her valise, she waded through the grass.
Luc crawled after her. “At least take the dog.”
“No. I don’t want him getting shot.” She didn’t want any of them to be shot. She pushed aside the hedge. Leaves crackled and crumbled. Branches scratched at her coat, tore her skirt. Stepping through, she glanced left then right.
Twenty meters away, cigarettes floated like demon eyes in the night. The tromp of hobnailed boots and the clang of a soldiers’ kits prodded her heart to a faster tempo. She could do this. She had to do this.
Lives depended upon her.
Holding her skirts, she scrambled onto the road. Each footfall echoed hollowly in her chest. She’d come to no harm. Her papers were in order. A rock jutted from the dirt road, caught the toe of her boot. She stumbled a few steps toward the cart.
“Halt!” A man called in guttural German.
Dropping her valise, she raised her arms and froze. She would give them no reason to shoot her. Not that they needed a reason... Everyone was a franc-tireur, a saboteur, in German eyes.
Fingers of light raked the road until they caught her wooden shoes. Dead grass and mud clung to her sabots. They would know she’d stepped off the road. The steel banding her chest snared her breath in her lungs.
More electric torches clicked on. Spike-helmeted silhouettes arrowed down the road. Bayonets stabbed the night. The clomp of boots rolled like a snare drum.
Was the whole of the Kaiser’s army descending upon her? God Almighty, please protect me. Stars twinkled in her peripheral vision. She gulped air and resisted the urge to shield her eyes. She’d be well. They would not hurt her.
Please, don’t let them hurt me.
Underneath the smell of cabbage and beans swirled the hint of blood. Four soldiers surrounded her in an arc, bayonets ready to puncture her chest. They shone their torches in her face, burned the back of her skull.
“What is it?”
“Is it a franc-tireur? Will she scoop out our eyeballs with a spoon and slit our throat when we are asleep?” The soldier raised his rifle and stepped back.
“Nein, it is a Fräulein.” One after the other, they shoved their faces into hers. Helmets and thick noses cut their features into blades of shadow and light.
“I’m not a saboteur.” They were executed. Her voice broke over the denial. Wincing, she licked her dry lips. A wall of light separated her from the rest of the troops. Her heart raced. Could they see Luc, Mille and Leopold hiding behind the hedge? “I’m a nurse. Red Cross.”
She dipped her chin to her valise.
The man on her right swooped down. Cutting the ties with his bayonet, he opened the suitcase and dumped the contents on the dirt. He kicked the belongings with his foot before unearthing her arm band. “A nurse.”
The soldier on her left hustled toward her dog cart and threw open the trunk in the bed.
She bit her lip to stop the protest. Let them take what they wanted so long as they left quickly.
Waving her arm band, the soldier dashed away.
The remaining two closed in, scanning her while talking, deciding her fate.
Madeline struggled to find a familiar word in the garble. What were they saying? Would they shoot her? Oh, why hadn’t she paid more attention when Lisle tried to teach her German?
Fabric rustled and the lights dipped and swayed. A black form blotted out the light. Broad shoulders solidified. With his face masked in darkness, impressions hit her. Male. Authority. An officer. He barked orders with the rat-a-tat-tat of machine gun fire.
She stepped back, her heels sinking in mud.
The two original soldiers snapped to attention then marched behind the wall of lights. Her Red Cross badge floated to the ground.
Officer Shadow stopped directly in front of her and lowered his head, shielding her from the light. Dark eyes glittered, his full mouth turned down at the corner and his nostrils flared. “Papers!”
Madeline jumped but quickly yanked her travel documents from her breast pocket. Paper ripped. With a shaky hand, she presented them to the officer.
He snatched them. Twisting at the waist, he held them to the light. “Where have you come from?”
“Brussels.” Her teeth clicked together. She had to say as little as possible, give them what they wanted and they would leave.
The officer left a dusty boot print on her white apron. “And you are a nurse?”
“In training.”
“Are the citizens so healthy in Brussels that they do not need to train any more nurses?”
“N-no.” She cleared her throat and clamped her lips together. Even if the German governor of Belgium hadn’t made it a crime to speak ill of the Boches, the invaders had a way of twisting one’s word to their own advantage.
“Then why are you not at your post?” He crushed the papers in his fist.
“T-the clinique where I trained was closed and I was ordered to return home.”
He shoved his face in hers. “And do you live in a field, mademoiselle?”
Sour wine filled the cloud of words.
“No, sir. I live in the village.”
Even white teeth glowed in the darkness. “And does your village still stand?”
Fear spiraled down her back. She locked her knees to keep her legs from buckling. “I—I do not know. I haven’t been back since...”
The invasion.
“And you’ve been traveling this road since the tram stop?”
“I’ve stayed off the main roads to stay out of the way.”
Officer Shadow raised his hand.
Madeline reared back.
He chuckled and tugged on her hair. Moving his arm, he twirled a leaf between his index finger and thumb. “A wooded trail?”
He knew. He couldn’t know. He was trying to trick her. She’d seen it done, seen folks executed for falling into their trap. “I had to, um...”
Dropping her gaze, she studied her boots, keeping him in her peripheral vision.
“Ahh...” The officer cleared his throat and looked away.
He couldn’t be embarrassed, could he? She’d seen other Boches strip wounded Belgian soldiers down to skin, cut off their blood-soaked bandages and force them to stand on smashed limbs.
Movement caught her eye.
The officer stiffened then snapped his fingers.
A soldier marched over, holding an embroidered nightgown against his gray-green uniform.
Officer Shadow fingered the tatted collar. “This is hardly fitting for a nurse.”
Madeline’s cheeks burned. “It was for my trousseau.”
The officer’s gaze bounced between the negligee and her. “I suppose your fiancé is now a soldier in service to King Albert.” He switched from French to German and shouted at the soldier, who wadded up the clothing and stormed back to the trunk.
She blinked. He wasn’t going take her things? The men at the depot hadn’t hesitated in plundering her finer clothing items.
Paper crinkled. The officer held the ball out to her. “I suggest you do not tarry any longer. Any Belgians out after dark are presumed to be franc-tireurs.”
She was no spy; she was a patriot.
“I won’t.” She plucked the documents from his hand.
He manacled her wrist and pried her fingers open. Her pass and identification papers drifted to the ground. With his thumb, he teased the raw, blistered skin.
Fire blazed up her arm and she drew cold air over her teeth.
“I suppose even Belgian nurses aren’t used to pulling dog carts.” He dropped her wrist. “We shall take over that task.”
He snapped off orders. Fabric swished, dirt crunched and armaments clanked. The lights clicked off and the many-headed shadow lump began to march toward her town.
“Oh.” Oh, dear. She needed the cart to help Mille reach her parents’ farm. “That’s not necessary. I’m accustomed—”
“You misunderstand. I am requisitioning the cart and its contents.” The officer stroked her cheek. His callused index finger traced the curve of her bottom lip. “You and your fiancé may count yourself fortunate that we found nothing else of value tonight.”
“I understand.” Pulling away from him, Madeline shuddered.
“Perhaps you do.” He bowed his head once. “You may retrieve your belongings once my men have passed. I wouldn’t recommend you move before then.”
“Naturally.” She wouldn’t want to be one more dead franc-tireur.
With a click of his heels, he dissolved in the current of his marching soldiers. A wagon wheel squeaked. Boots pounded. One by one the electric torches clicked off and the night dropped over her like a shroud.
She wrapped her arms around her waist as the first tremor hit. Wave after wave shook her from her heels to her head as if to thresh the skin from her bones. She was safe. Safe. The word pulsed inside her skull, mingled with the echo of her breathing. Safe. The shuddering subsided.
The thud of feet faded.
Safe. She crumpled to the ground; a soft cry escaped her lips. Her nails sunk into the clammy mud, gouged furrows as she raked her belongings into a pile. Her vision blurred and tears pricked her nose.
Branches shook.
Luc eased through the hedge. “Did they harm you?”
“No.” The denial was acid on her tongue. Her fingers dug into the fabric, crammed handfuls into her valise.
He touched her shoulder, his hand soft as the flutter of butterfly wings. “Madeline.”
She leaned into him for a moment before shaking him off. She had to be strong. She swept her hand along the rutted area before stuffing the last of her belongings into the soggy cardboard suitcase. Sniffing, she blotted her cheeks with her sleeve. “I’ll see to Mille’s wound then tend yours.”
“Mille’s tending his own injury, Sister.” Luc waved his hand in front of her face.
She liked it better when he used her name. She slid her palm against his. Mud squished between her their pressed skin when he wrapped his fingers around her hand. She rose, swayed on unsteady legs.
“My injury will wait until you are safe at the farm house.” He cupped her waist.
His strength infused her and chased the chill from her limbs. I mustn’t give in. I must be strong. “None of us will be safe until the Germans are driven from Belgium.”
Leopold stuck his snout out of the hedge.
Leaning heavily on a crooked tree limb, Mille hopped behind the dog. “I think we should move out and avoid any more encounters with the Boches.”
“I am sorry you lost your clothes.” Luc squeezed her hand before releasing it. He quickly walked to Mille’s side and supported the other soldier. “But you are worth far more than fine linen and bits of lace.”
A flicker of warmth licked her insides. She hadn’t known what was in the trunk; she wouldn’t miss it. Madeline scooted to Mille’s other side and wrapped her arm around his waist and immediately detected his fever.
He transferred his makeshift crutch to Luc. “I’m not sorry that you won’t have to face the enemy again.”
Luc grunted.
She didn’t want to face the Germans ever again. Next time, she might not be so lucky. 



Chapter Five


“We’re nearly home.” A dull ache blazed a t-shape across Madeline’s back. Dawn bled across the horizon and oozed tendrils of gray into the inky darkness. Chimneys puffed smoke as cook fires were rebuilt. To the south, the boom of cannons dulled to the crash of ocean surf and the battle lines created a blood-red horizon.
She rubbed the sting from her eyes as a breeze carried the oily residue of smoke toward her. She adjusted her hold on Mille’s slim, hairy wrist, dragging his arm across her shoulders. Her thighs trembled from the extra weight.
Mille pulled slightly away, leaning more on the tree limb turned crutch. It pierced the muddy road. “I’ll be glad to reach your farmhouse.”
On his right, Luc scouted a few steps ahead, the German shepherd, Leopold, trotting next to him. He brushed aside branches of the pitted alder hedge lining the road and peered into the fields beyond. “As will I. I don’t like being in the open. The Boches are everywhere.”
If they were caught by the Germans... Madeline stumbled a step. “We haven’t seen any for hours. They could be close.”
Mille careened into her side then quickly pushed off her. “Apologies.” His injured leg buckled when he put weight on it. Groaning, he dropped the cane and extended his arm. He planted his hands in the mud, stopping his free fall.
Setting her valise on the ground, Luc rushed to his friend’s side. “Which means we’re overdue for an encounter. The Germans are quite fanatical about timetables.”
She reached Mille first and offered him a hand up.
“The lieutenant knows all about Germans and their need for order.” Ignoring her, Mille adjusted his wounded leg so it didn’t bear any weight. A dark stain nearly soiled his entire bandage. “He studied in Berlin before the war. He even speaks cabbagehead.”
Once they reached her home, she would have to attend to Mille’s wound properly before he became too comfortable. Those red streaks radiating from his wound preceded an infection.
“My knowledge of German has saved our lives more than once.” Luc wrapped his arm across his abdomen before bending down, gripping the man under his armpit and heaving. Both men groaned.
She bit her lip. How could she have forgotten that Luc was wounded as well?
Mille’s skin glowed ghostly white as their surroundings lightened. Pushing with his good leg, he clawed up the cane to his feet. “How was I to know that the British anthem sounded so much like a Boche call-to-arms?”
Luc grunted as he adjusted Mille’s weight before staring at her. “How much further?”
The two men staggered in a zig-zag pattern down the road leading to her village.
She rolled her shoulders. Her spine popped with the motion before she raised her arm. “That tall tree marks my family’s property.”
Home. She wouldn’t leave it again until the Germans left Belgium. She wouldn’t leave her family to the Boches’ brutality. Picking up her skirts, she skipped forward pausing only long enough to scoop up her valise.
Tail wagging, Leopold pranced next to her, tongue lolling out.
Mille smiled as she drew abreast of the men. “I hope your mother has eggs.”
“And bacon.” Luc sniffed the air. “I miss bacon. It’s been a month since we’ve had bacon. I can almost smell it.”
“Thirty-five days.” Mille licked his lips. “Those sausages you stole weren’t bad but they’re not bacon.”
Madeline’s nose quivered. That oily smell underneath the smoke wasn’t animal fat. It was sharp and sour, like petrol. Her heart slammed into her chest. “Oh no!”
Valise swinging, she ran toward home, past the Dermonts and Undines with their houses’ green shutters thrown open, and glass shards glittering like diamonds on the brittle morning light. Wooden legs carried her past the pale shell of the Laiguts’ gutted house.
“What’s wrong?” Luc’s hoarse whisper prodded her onward.
“It’s wrong. All wrong.” Faster. She must run faster. She slipped on a muddy patch at the second hedge, sliced open her coat sleeve on the barbed wire entangled in the third.
“Madeline.” He hissed. “Wait.”
She shook her head. “That smell.” Ice seeped into the marrow of her bones. Only one thing smelled like that. “Bombs.”
The Boches had bombed her village. Her home. No, please, God, not that. Dropping her skirts, she pumped her arms faster. Past the heaps of rubble that had once been homes of her friends and neighbors.
The smoke thickened, drifted like wraiths over the fresh graves.
She skidded around the willows. Low branches slapped her face and ripped at her hair. Pushing them aside, she stumbled into the rutted drive. A tree root grabbed the toe of her wooden shoe. She pitched forward, belly-flopped on her valise, crushing the cardboard suitcase. Darkness crowded her vision as air fled her lungs. Clammy mud sucked at her cheeks. Get up. Check on Mama. On Papa.
Footsteps pounded behind her.
A dog snuffled her neck. Leopold’s wet nose chilled her heated skin.
Dragging air into her lungs, she tugged her arms free then planted her hands on the ground. Dead grass snapped before mud oozed between her fingers. She levered up.
Black smoke drifted in clumps across the yard. A thick pillar soared out of the fireplace toward the Heavens. Two wispy ones joined it on the left. What did it mean? Her thoughts spun but didn’t connect. The pillars meant something, didn’t they?
Fingers curled around her elbow, clamped down on the flesh and bone before dragging her to her knees. Luc’s warm breath cascaded down her cheek. “Madeline, you can’t rush off in these perilous times.”
She nodded. Peril. Danger.
Luc tried to tug her to her feet.
Muddy skirts anchored her in place. Smoke. Fire. Words linked, laying tracks. Was Papa burning the refuse in the yard? But what of the columns on the left? They didn’t come from the chimney, and yet the only thing there was the house. She sucked in a breath and sprang to her feet.
“My house. It’s on fire.” Gaze flying around the yard, she searched the smoke. Where were her parents? Her brother?
“I’ll check.” Luc stumbled back. His grip loosened.
She’d check. Surging forward, she broke free of his hold. She would see. This was her family. Her family. She waded into the smoke. Her sabots trudged along the worn trail winding through the dead grass. A breeze shifted the smoke. In the middle of the yard, flames licked at the triangular edge of a mattress on the rim of the bonfire. Feathers danced on the heat before exploding in red starbursts and disappearing. A spindly chair leg rolled away from the fire, the charred tip smoking.
Why had Papa burned the chair? Her mother loved that chair, loved the entire dining set. The bonfire collapsed. Cinders blazed hot before fading to gray. Ash swirled on the breeze, obscured the rest of the yard. A few flakes landed on her coat sleeve.
She turned toward the house. Waves of heat pushed against her, kept her from getting too close. Sweat beaded her forehead. Orange light poured out of the kitchen window. Smoke chuffed between the jagged teeth of the shattered pane. Her stomach knotted. Why was the light orange? She reached for the door handle.
Luc caught her hand and held it. “Don’t.”
“Why not?”
“The Boches set your house on fire.”
She shook her head. No, he didn’t know that. He couldn’t know that. She tugged on her hand.
He jerked back. Stronger.
She stumbled against his chest. His fever penetrated her coat and the layers of clothing she wore. Medicine bottles, sewn into her skirts, thumped against her legs. Movement caught her eye and she faced the kitchen window.
Orange flames writhed over the lump eating at the floor. Fire danced up the walls and along the low beams, devouring the bouquets of herbs hanging from the ceiling. Broken crockery littered the smoldering countertop and shattered shelves.
She blinked. Her house was on fire. Her house was on fire! She jerked back. “My parents! My brother!”
He flattened his palm between her shoulder blades and held her in his arms. “It’s too late.”
“No. No! It can’t be too late.” The roof still stood. The walls were mostly intact. She twisted in his grip.
He fisted the back of her coat.
The fabric banded her chest. A button dug into her throat. She pounded on him. “Let me go. I need to get to them.”
He grunted and winced. His lips rolled back to reveal clenched teeth. “They are not inside.”
“You don’t know that!” She stomped on his foot.
He sucked in a breath and rocked forward.
His weight knocked her off balance. She staggered back a step. His grip slackened. Spinning about, she wrenched free.
“Mama! Papa!” Rising on tiptoes, she peered through the kitchen window. There was so much smoke! How could she see inside? “Mathieu!”
“They’re not inside, Madeline.” Holding his side, Luc lunged for her.
She shoved his hands away.
“I must find my family.” Keeping out of his reach, she retreated, following the length of the house.
He stumbled after her. “Stop!”
She folded her arms across her chest and shuffled backward. “Don’t you want to find your men?”
“I know where my men are.” His lips compressed into a thin line, then he lunged for her. His fingertips raked her forearms.
Her heel slammed into something soft and she stopped.
“Don’t look.”
She glanced down. A still hand lay like a pale, upturned spider near her sabot. A puddle of dark liquid glistened on the gray morning light. A ragged cuff draped around a thin wrist. Dark blue strings, the color of a Belgian uniform, trailed across white flesh.
Her soul partitioned itself from her body. The owner of the hand was dead. She turned more fully. Did she know the dead man? Her attention tripped over his tattered uniform to a blue and white checkered fabric.
Mama had a scarf like that. One that dried tears. One that held fresh picked berries doled out on the long walk home. One that Mama had taken off to tuck around Madeline’s head when she’d been caught outdoors without her shawl. What was the scarf doing outside? Mama would be upset. Leaning over, Madeline reached for it.
“She’s dead Madeline. They’re all dead.”
“Dead?” She shivered. An arm cut across her waist. Her fingers pinched open and closed, missed the blue and white fabric. “Mama’s scarf.”
Lifting her, Luc dragged her backward, cutting off her air. “They’ve been executed.”
Stiffening, she sucked in a breath. Faces came into focus. Mama. Papa. The two soldiers. “Oh God!”
Luc turned her about. Holding her chin, he angled her face toward his. “We must leave here.”
Leave? But this was her home. She shook her head. Molten lead flooded into her belly. Tears cut hot trails down her cheeks. Her nose pricked and her nails dug into her palms. “This is your fault! Your men got them killed.”
She pounded her fists against his chest.
He squeezed his eyes closed. “I’m sorry.”
“Sorry! Sorry won’t bring them back.” She pummeled his torso, clipped his chin. Over and over and over until her arms grew heavy and her shoulders ached.
“I’m so sorry.” He kept her in the circle of his arms. Made no move to protect himself from her assault.
She counted time in the soft thud of her fists against him. Grief swelled in her chest until she thought she’d explode. Mama! Papa! Dead. Her blows slowed then stopped. Anger drained away and she shivered. Her knees trembled.
He tightened his embrace. His hard length pressed against hers. Warmth enveloped her.
She sagged against him. Her fingers uncurled to grasp at his jacket and hold herself up. “It’s your fault.”
“I know.” His voice cracked. “We’ll escort you to your neighbors. You need never see us again. Never.”
Never? She clutched him tighter, buried her face in his shirtfront. He smelled of alder, sweat and blood. She’d wanted him hurt, but he’d already been. The war had taken from him just as much as her. She sniffed up her tears and inhaled a shaky breath. “I’ll see to your wound.”
“I can see to my injuries.” Luc clasped her hands between his and placed them between their bodies. “We need to get you someplace safe.”
“I’ll see to it. Papa—” She caught her breath, trapped the pain in a bubble before slowly expelling it. “Papa would have wanted me to.”
Luc opened his mouth.
Mille hobbled around the hedge and into the yard, Leopold at his side. “We have company.”
“We have to hide.” But where? Madeline glanced toward the house. A sob lodged in her throat. No sanctuary there. The barn. She turned. The roof collapsed with a groan. Bricks and sparks spat across the smoking yard.
After emptying the bullets from his gun, Luc tossed it toward the bonfire in the yard. He shoved the smoldering chair leg in her hand. “You tell the Boches you found us on the road and were taking us to town to turn us over.”
“No.” Turn them in? Then her family would have been executed for nothing. “Never.”
Boots pounded on the road. Close. So close.
“There has to be a place to hide.”
“Do it Madeline.” Luc raised his hands. “Maybe then I can save your life.”



Chapter Six


Luc swallowed the bile rising in his throat. The sound of men approaching grew louder. Smoke from the burning house, stable and bonfire stung his eyes and filled the yard. This was it. Two months after his fort fell, he would surrender to the Germans and become their prisoner.
Or they would shoot him.
He glanced at the bonfire in the middle of the Thevenet’s yard. Raising his chin, he squared his shoulders. The Boches could do whatever they liked with him so long as Madeline lived. Madeline. Her name whispered across his conscience. At least he wouldn’t have any more blood on his hands.
Mille dropped his makeshift cane. Balancing on his good leg, he too raised his hands. Fear lined his face, aging him a decade. “Do you think the Boches will shoot us or bayonet us?”
Madeline gasped. The broken chair leg thudded to the ground. “Don’t make me do this.”
“You must, Sister. Now pick up the stick and act like we’re your prisoners.” Luc kept his attention on the road. Long silhouettes stretched down the street in the pearly dawn. In the burning house on his right, beams groaned. God help him. He wanted to hide.
Mille hopped a few centimeters before setting his hand on Luc’s shoulder to steady himself. He lowered his voice and spoke in Luc’s ear. “I hope it’s bullets. I’ve seen what a bayonet can do.”
Luc closed his eyes. He’d seen what bullets could do at Liège. He’d cut down wave upon wave of German soldiers then watched as their comrades trampled them in the rush to take the fort. His tongue stuck to the roof of his mouth. No matter how much he’d fired, the Boches just kept coming, and coming, and coming.
Mille removed his hand. He released a slow breath. “Madame, please, I fought for you and Belgium. Don’t turn us in to the Germans.”
Luc opened his eyes.
Glancing over his shoulder, Mille widened his eyes. “This is where you poke us with the stick and say something threatening.”
“I think I’m going to be sick.” She hiccoughed.
“Just raise the stick, Madeline.” Luc’s hands fisted. If he could just take her in his arms, he could reassure her that everything would be well. He’d learned to lie since the Fourth of August.
The day he’d shot his first man, and his second and the good Lord knew how many others.
The day the German Army had crossed the Belgian frontier and violated his country’s neutrality.
The day war had ignited Europe.
Above the crackle of the fire, fabric rustled. Bottles clanked together. Still he couldn’t see the enemy. They must have slowed their approach because of the smoke. Should he and Mille use the cover to leave? No, he couldn’t endanger Madeline any more.
“The Boches will probably shoot me anyway. Then my friends and neighbors will think I died a traitor.”
Wood clacked.
Dammit. She’d thrown away the chair leg. Luc whirled around. Heat tore up his side and he swayed before the world settled on an even keel. His fingers pressed the sticky fabric at his waist. Bending, he snatched up Mille’s cane. “You will hold this on us and tell the Germans you took us prisoner, Sister.”
She shook her head and stepped back. Her heel scraped Tommy’s body and she froze. A greenish tint washed over her pale cheeks.
Grabbing her hand, he slapped the branch against her palm. “If they believe you weren’t hiding us, then they won’t shoot you.”
He had to keep her alive. He owed her that much. Her family would still be alive if Gaston Cocard hadn’t said they could find shelter at the Thevenet’s farm.
She pushed the cane back at him. “I won’t live with your blood on my hands.”
“Then make the Boches believe we’re helpless.” Releasing his side, he wrapped his hand around hers and folded her fingers around the branch. “The Hague Conventions will protect us. The Germans will be forced to treat our wounds and feed us.”
A stone tumbled across the yard. The Germans were closer.
Mille hopped a little to find his balance. “I’m so hungry, I could eat even their vile cabbage soup. I like the idea of the Boches waiting on me.”
She sucked on her bottom lip. “I don’t know.”
“I do. You’ll save all our lives this way.” Luc released her hand. His blood painted her pale skin in red streaks.
Nodding once, she raised the branch. “I’ll do it.”
“Thank you, Sister.” Luc smiled. He heard the expression crackle on his stiff lips and cheeks. How long had it been since he last smiled?
The day before he’d started lying on a regular basis.
At least, Madeline hadn’t asked why the Hague Conventions hadn’t protected the dead men at her feet. Or her parents, for that matter. Technically, it didn’t protect Luc or Mille since neither wore a uniform. It didn’t matter. She had to live.
Leopold whined and thumped his tail.
“Protect her.” Luc pointed behind his back. “Protect Madeline.”
The dog slunk toward her.
A breeze thinned the smoke as a handful of men rounded the corner. Oval heads melted into wide shoulders. All five drew up short. Two on the right hefted their shovels. Ruddy jaws went slack. Mud caked their wooden sabots.
Luc blinked. “You’re not German.”
A barrel-chested man in the center stepped forward. He swung his spade until the flat part rested on his shoulder. Bright blue eyes blazed from a face framed by florid jowls. “Are you the soldiers the Thevenets expected to join the two they’d already hidden?”
The denial hung on Luc’s tongue. If these weren’t Boches then he and Mille still had a chance to rejoin the fighting. Yet traitors skulked everywhere. And Madeline might not be safe in the village. A stick appeared in his peripheral vision.
“Uncle Cyprien?” Madeline rushed forward.
Uncle? Luc’s knees wobbled. He really could leave her behind.
Cyprien squinted, waved at the mist of smoke in his face. “Maddy? I thought you were safe in the convent?”
Tossing the cane aside, she threw herself into her uncle’s beefy arms. Her skirts swung in an arc before settling around her trim ankles. “They’ve killed them. They killed them.”
Luc stared at the ground.
Cyprien patted her back. Wiry eyebrows wiggled over his deep-set blue eyes. “Do you know these men, Maddy? Did they accompany you from the convent?”
She shook her head. “No. I—I—”
The remaining four farmers fanned out behind Cyprien. Two wielded shovels. One a hoe. And the last held a pick.
Sweet Lord, she was going to get them killed. And by the very people he’d defended. Luc raised his hands a little higher. “I needed help to bring Mille to the farm. Since Madeline arrived last night and had a pass to be out after dark, she agreed to take a dog cart and help me bring my man back.”
The farming-implements-turned-weapons lowered a fraction.
Madeline clutched at her uncle. “I—I left Mama and Papa. I—”
Stroking his niece’s hair, Cyprien frowned over her head. “Where’s the cart now?”
“The Germans.” Sniffling, Madeline daubed her damp cheeks with her sleeve. “They took it. They took everything.”
“Not everything.” Her uncle adjusted her scarf over her straight blond hair before shuffling away. “Thevenet liked the shade of that willow. We’ll lay them to rest there.” He pointed to the big tree near the road.
The men moved off to begin digging the mass grave.
Blinking rapidly, Madeline eyed the ground. “Mathieu loved to climb that tree.”
Luc’s insides froze. The father hadn’t been called Mathieu which meant... Which meant another had been killed. A brother, perhaps. A younger brother. Luc wiped his hands on his thighs. His palms deepened to crimson. The blood would never wash off. Never.
“Cyprien Fusil. Which of you is the Lieutenant?”
“Lucien Duplan.” Straightening his jacket, Luc held out his hand. “This is Mille.”
Cyprien’s callused hand wrapped around Luc’s slim fingers. “It is an honor to meet you.” He pumped their joined arms twice before thumping Luc on the back. “Don’t matter what the cabbageheads say in their official Avis. You held that fort for a week when the Boches thought they’d steamroll right over us. You showed them what we Belgians are made of.”
“Yes, we held.” Of the four hundred men at his fort, only he and Mille remained. The price was worth it. King Albert still fought from Antwerp. “Like the national redoubt will hold.”
Antwerp couldn’t fall.
“We’re trying to find a way to slip through the Boches’ lines to join in the city’s defense.”
Cyprien cleared his throat.
Madeline drew a ragged breath and set her hand on Luc’s sleeve. “Antwerp has surrendered. The King has retreated to Ghent.”
Mille swore.
A buzzing filled Luc’s ears. Ghent? But that was practically located beside the English Channel, leaving most of Belgium under German control. Did his country still exist? Had everything been for naught? The world spun, tilted. His legs buckled.
Cyprien caught Luc around the shoulders, kept him on his feet. “Here now. The English are there. The French, too. And word has it that America will soon join the fight on our side. Those Boches will be back in the Fatherland by Christmas.”
Luc locked his knees and stood on his own power. He’d only met the English during their retreat. As for the French... The official Avis said the Germans would be in Paris within two weeks. That had been a month ago. He hadn’t seen the German Army retreating anywhere, just flowing like a gray-green stream South and West.
Cyprien squeezed his shoulder. “You three had best come with me. Can’t have the cabbageheads seeing you. We’d all be shot then.”
For a moment, Madeline swayed on her feet. A tremor traveled up her spine before she straightened. “I’ll get water. To... to prepare Mama and Papa.”
Luc rested his hand on the small of her back. Her woolen coat scratched his fingers. A million lifetimes of apologies would never make up for what he’d done by ordering his men here.
Cyprien placed his spade tip on the ground before stomping on the metal. The blade sunk deep. Releasing it, he caught her hand and rested it on his arm. “My wife will see to your folks. You need to tend Mathieu.”
“Yes, yes, of course.” Madeline’s attention shifted to the tangle of corpses. “But I won’t tame his cowlick. He never liked to have it flat. He—”
“He’s safe, Maddy.” Cyprien dragged her away from the death and destruction near the house and around the bonfire. “An old Landstrumman found him and hid Mathieu while the rest of his unit rounded up the others.”
An older German soldier had helped save a Belgian? Handing Mille his makeshift cane, Luc followed Madeline and her uncle. The stables smoldered in front of them. Grit settled in his eyes and he swiped at it.
Mille hobbled behind him. “Why would they spare the brother, Lieutenant?”
“I don’t know.” But Luc didn’t like where his thoughts led. Could this Mathieu have informed the Germans of hidden soldiers in his house?
“Who knows why the Boches do anything?” Cyprien led them toward a heap of smoldering wood. Stray feathers marked it as a former chicken coop.
Madeline drew her shawl close. “Did Mathieu... Did he perhaps say something?”
Such as the Thevenets were hiding soldiers? Luc finished silently. Damn. What had this war done to them? Making them distrust each other so.
Cyprien shook his head, scraped his thick fingers through his thinning hair. “The Germans chalk the doors of those who aid them. Their livestock aren’t stolen. Their houses aren’t burned. Their families aren’t executed. No one goes near the traitors. No one. Those families are protected by the Boches.” He spat. “We’ll have to wait until after to deal with them.”
If there was an after. With so much of Belgium occupied, the army would need months to free the land and people. Luc held his injured side, slowing to assist Mille over the brown grass.
Mille gritted his teeth. “Do we head for Ghent, Lieutenant?”
Luc’s muscles clenched. Make for Ghent and find the Army in retreat again? Or... “No. We head for Holland then sail for England.”
And if the Belgian army no longer existed, he’d join the British and fight. Surely, they had a use for someone who’d seen the German army in action. Sweat beaded his upper lip. And he’d seen the German army in action.
Mille chuffed, “Never thought I’d see the world by joining the Army.”
“Not the world.” As they cleared the outbuildings, Luc adjusted Mille’s weight across his shoulders. Nubs remained of the harvested wheat in the field on his right. Amber grain swayed on his left. The wind carried the scent of fermented apples from the orchard ahead. “Just England and, maybe, France.”
Setting his hand on Madeline’s back, Cyprien pushed his niece toward the trees. “Your brother is in his favorite hiding spot.”
She stumbled a pace then slowed. Her hands slipped between the folds of her skirts. “Is he hurt?”
“Not a scratch on him.” Cyprien shooed her ahead. “He’ll be overjoyed to see you. And I think the reunion will do you good as well.”
Her gaze locked with Luc’s. He forced a smile. “We’ll catch up.”
Cyprien nodded. “Take him to our barn. Your aunt has a basket of food waiting.” He hitched his thumb in Luc’s direction. “I’ll bring the lieutenant and his man there.”
Furrows pleated her brow before she turned toward the orchard. “Then you’ll let me tend both your wounds?”
Luc jerked his head once.
Picking up her skirts, she sprinted forward.
Mille tilted his head to the side. “Very fetching ankles.”
Luc poked his subordinate in the gut. Thankfully, Madeline and her tempting ankles had disappeared into the trees. “Do you wish to walk on your own?”
“No, Sir.”
Cyprien’s blue eyes narrowed. His gaze raked Luc from head to toe, then he turned his attention on Mille. “My niece is promised to the church.”
Mille’s skin turned bright red. “Yes, sir.”
After another quick check, Cyprien unbuttoned his coat, shrugged it off and passed it to Luc. “You serious about heading to Holland?”
“Yes.” Luc smoothed the warm wool before shaking it out for Mille.
“I’ll be well enough to travel tonight.” Balancing on one foot, Mille stuffed one arm inside a sleeve, switched the cane into his coated arm, then finished donning the garment.
Cyprien rubbed his chin. “We can carry you to about five kilometers from Brussels under the wheat. Boches are keen we harvest our wheat and don’t harass us. Yet.”
Luc shook his head and helped Mille walk. “If you can just let us rest today, we’ll make our own way.”
“We’ve done this before, Lieutenant.” When he thrust his jaw forward, Cyprien’s jowls wobbled. “With him walking, you might not make it to the front before the war ends. I need you to arrive in time to avenge my sister’s and brother-in-law’s murders.”
Heat simmered low in Luc’s gut. The distant cannonade surged in his ears, drummed a savage beat on his heart. A soft breeze cooled the tears Madeline had spilled on his jacket. “I will.”
Cyprien stopped, laid a hand on Luc’s arm. “I also need you to take Mathieu and Madeline with you to Holland.”
Flattened blades of grass slipped under Luc’s boot heels. “Why? She’s safe with her family.”
“The Boches will return once they learn the boy escaped. They’ll kill her too, to teach us who our master is.” Cyprien spat then dragged the back of his hand across his mouth. “My wife has kin in Mollenputten. They’ll help you avoid the camps and send you to England.”
Mille’s head snapped up. “Camps? Does Holland fight with Germany then?”
Cyprien crossed his arms over his barrel chest. “No. She is neutral. So she takes soldiers from all sides and locks them up.”
“Ah.” Luc mentally swore. He had not considered that in his plans. Yet to take Madeline with him would risk her life. “Surely, you have other family.”
“Alas, no, or I would send the children to them.” Cyprien rocked back on his heels. “Maddy has skills that should assist your journey. Her father said she was a nurse at the convent. She might be able to prevent blood poisoning.”
Mille traced straight lines in the grass with his cane. “They’ll be safe in Holland. The Boches won’t be able to hurt them anymore.”
Luc sighed. “I’ll take them.”
God help them all.



Chapter Seven


Madeline dunked her hands in the bucket hanging from a nail on a post. Frigid water stung her skin. Flakes of brown floated on the liquid inside. Picking up the bar of lye soap, she scrubbed her hands, paying careful attention to her fingernails.
In the barn around her, chickens scratched and pecked at the hay-covered floor. An old nag dozed, her yellow tail swishing at the buzzing flies. A brown and white goat ate the straw near an empty stall. Four empty stalls. One where Mille and Luc slept, while she and her brother bedded down out here. Four stallions and Uncle’s prized mare exchanged for a piece of paper and a German colonel’s signature.
Paper wouldn’t harvest the wheat before it rotted in the fields.
Nothing would bring back her parents.
The soap slipped from her hands and plopped into the bucket. Bloody water splashed her apron, diluting the crimson dots she’d earned while treating Mille’s wounded leg. Mama and Papa were dead. Stars twinkled in her peripheral vision. She clung to the post. An iridescent bubble slipped down the back of her hand, popped when it hit her cuff.
But something had changed her brother.
With his thin arms wrapped around his body, Mathieu lay curled on top of a mound of straw. Blond hair flopped over his round cheeks. He stared unblinking at something no one else could see.
She blew a strand of hair out of her eyes. He’d been like that when she’d found him in the orchard. Two hours hadn’t changed him.
Cold air swirled around her ankles as the barn door banged open.
Her bones rattled inside her skin. Heart pounding, she set her hand over her chest and her gaze flew to the opening. Watery sunlight glinted off bare skin. Luc. Steam rose from the pails hanging from each hand and created an otherworldly haze around him. She caught her breath.
“You shouldn’t be out in the cold without a shirt.” Her attention traveled over his gilded muscles to his tapered waist. Crimson marbled the freshly cleaned skin but she couldn’t tell much about his injury from this distance, and he’d refused to allow her a closer inspection. Yet. She skimmed the trousers hanging from his slim hips and stopped on his bare feet. “You don’t want to turn your fever into pneumonia.”
“My apologies.” Hooking his foot around the door, Luc pulled it closed after him. “I didn’t want to finish my toilette until after you’d seen to my side.”
Madeline plunged her hands into the cold water. Suds formed a scum on the rusty water. “You’re not preparing any more excuses to prevent me from treating your wound?”
“I’ve watched you clean and stitch Mille’s leg.” Luc stalked silently across the barn. “You’re more than capable to tend me.”
“Thank you.” Heavens above, he was quiet. The hair on her nape rose. Then again, he had to have been to avoid the Boches this long. Too bad stealth hadn’t protected his men. Why had a villager betrayed them? Couldn’t he see the army was the best hope Belgium had to reclaim her independence?
Stepping into the lantern light, Luc paused beside Mathieu. “How is your brother faring?”
“No change.” She bit her lip. If only she’d completed her nursing studies, she might know how to help him. As things stood... Her shoulders sagged. As things stood, she could do nothing. Taking her hands from the bucket, she flung off the water.
Nothing rarely helped anyone.
Unless they were dying. Her knees shook, threatened to collapse. She couldn’t lose Mathieu too. She just couldn’t.
Setting one bucket on the dirt floor, Luc lifted the dirty pail of water off the hook and exchanged it for the one in his other hand. “Is he still responding to your commands?”
“Yes.” Tugging the towel off another peg, she dried her hands. Her fingers caressed the tatted lace finishing the edge. Mama’s work. Her vision swam.
He raised his palm and moved it toward her.
She closed her eyes and counted heartbeats until he caressed her cheek. She needed his strength, his determination. She’d faced the Boches, hid from them and stitched up his friend because he needed her to. Where would she be when he left?
And he must leave. His presence endangered them all.
And she mustn’t grow to depend on him. She opened her eyes.
Suspended centimeters from her jaw, his hand shook, then his fingers curled. Tendons roped his forearms before he lowered his arm. “Just stay close to him. He’ll need you once he comes out of his stupor.”
She blinked. “You’ve seen this before?”
Luc’s lips firmed and he studied the dirty water.
She rested her hand on his forearm. Sinew played under her palm. His fever quickly heated her skin. “Luc?”
“Yes.” Pulling away, he strode to the door.
She chased after him. “When? What’s the treatment? How long does the stupor usually last?”
He kicked the door open and hurled the bucket contents onto the mud outside. The wood banged against the side of the barn before bouncing back. He caught the door before it slammed home and eased it into place.
“Luc?”
Tension bunched his shoulders. Slipping around her, he set the empty bucket on a peg above the barrel of oats, then hung his head. “Yes, I’ve seen it.”
Her stomach knotted. Had the malady not ended well? She glanced at her brother. Mathieu had eaten the bits of beef she’d fed him, so he wouldn’t starve. And other than a few cuts and bruises, he appeared healthy. She sucked her bottom lip into her mouth. Damn this war.
Standing in front of her, Luc braced his legs apart. Frown lines bracketed his mouth. “At Liège. The fort was under siege. At first, the shells didn’t do too much damage to the reinforced concrete, but then the enemy brought in bigger cannons, bigger shells.”
Releasing her lip, she sucked air into her lungs. Why was he talking of battle? Mathieu wasn’t a soldier, and the Germans had marched through her village weeks ago.
“Those explosions...” Luc’s brown eyes glazed over as he turned inward and looked at the events playing in his mind. “They blew everything apart—the walls, the ceiling, men. Day after day. Night after night.” He shuddered. “You can’t blame a man for wanting to leave. Even if the only place he can run is deep inside himself.”
“No. No, you can’t.” Cold snaked down her spine. Luc had a reason for sharing his story. Did she want to know it? She shook her head and took a step back.
He caught her hands, stopping her retreat. “Mathieu may have been told to hide, but the need to help his parents would have overcome that.”
“He saw.” Oh Merciful God, he’d seen their parents executed. No seven-year old should ever see that. She twisted in Luc’s grip, wanting to go to her brother, to sweep the memory away.
Holding her tight, Luc nodded once. “You’ll need to stay close to him once we leave here.”
“Yes. Yes. I understand.”
“If he snaps back to us while we’re traveling, he could lead the Germans right to us. The Boches will investigate screaming.”
“Wait. What?” She tugged on her hands. Her knuckle popped. “We’ll be here, at Uncle Cyprien’s. And even if the Germans did barge into his house, we would never give you away.”
His dark eyebrows met in a vee over his nose. “You can’t stay here.”
She opened her mouth.
Luc set his finger to her lips. “If they find Mathieu alive, they will kill him.”
“They won’t find him.” Tingles radiated across her cheeks and she reared back. “We’ll hide him.”
He jerked his hand away. “My men were hidden away.”
And they were betrayed. The truth punched her in the gut. If Mathieu was discovered, her aunt and uncle would meet the same fate as her parents. “Where can we go?”
“Mollenputten.”
“Holland? But the Boches have closed the border.”
“I’ll get you through.” Luc delved into his pocket and pulled out a scrap of paper. “Your aunt’s sister will take you in, both of you. You’ll be safe.”
Safe? Did such a place exist anymore? “What about my home?”
Mathieu was to inherit the farm. Papa had worked so hard to make certain her brother had a future. If they fled, the Germans would confiscate it. The Avis in Brussels had proclaimed as much.
“The Boches can’t pick up the land and move it. It’ll be here when the war ends.” He cupped her cheek. “Mathieu needs to be alive to work it.”
Yes, he did. But Holland was kilometers away, and the Germans would be hunting them the entire journey. Closing her eyes, she leaned into his palm. “Can we make it?”
“We’ll travel at night. Stick to the woods. Upon my honor, I will take you to Mollenputten.” His thumb swept over her bottom lip before he pulled back. “I made it here from Liège, didn’t I?”
“Yes.” She pinched her bottom lip. But to leave her home... Her attention stuck on Mathieu’s still form. She had to put her brother’s needs before her own. It was up to her to protect him. “Will he recover if we leave here?”
“I don’t know. Maybe distance will bring him back.” Luc picked up the bucket. Steam writhed over the water. Pivoting, he strode to the stall he shared with Mille.
She tugged a red horse blanket from the stall and draped it over her brother. He didn’t move. Crouching, she tucked it around his body then smoothed his hair out of his face. The cowlick flopped it back. “Do you want to go on a trip, Mathieu? An adventure?”
A fly landed on his cheek but he remained immobile.
She shooed it away. Her pass had expired. Mathieu didn’t even have one. She’d never been beyond Brussels and now she’d have to travel to another country. Kissing her brother’s forehead, she fell into the past, when he was safe. “We’ll be safe in Holland.”
Please, God, let it be the right choice.
Rising, she stumbled to the post and removed the lantern. She reached the stall just as Luc lowered himself to a pallet of straw.
Soft snores fluttered past Mille’s lips. He muttered in his sleep before rolling to his side and clutching the quilt.
“Don’t worry. You’ll get used to his snores.” Luc switched on the electric torch. Contorting his body, he poked his finger in his wound.
“You’ll never heal if you keep disturbing it.” Shaking her head, she sank onto his pallet. Straw crinkled under her legs. The scent of carbolic stung her eyes. Waves of heat radiated off him, carrying the smell of soap toward her. She set her hand over his and directed the beam of the torch to his wound. “Can you hold it steady?”
“I can.”
She skimmed the pale skin until she reached a red, angry gash dividing his upper body from his lower. No scab formed on the fringe of the wound. She might have to cut the dead tissue away to promote scabbing. “It’s from a gunshot, isn’t it?”
“The Boches thought a helping of lead would improve the taste of the sausages I stole from them.”
Pulling the sponge from the bucket, she wrung out the hot water. The wounded soldiers she’d met had also joked about being shot. Perhaps the sense of humor was issued with the uniform. “I can’t believe you stole from the Germans.”
“They’re stealing from us.” Luc jerked his chin to the stall next door. “I’ll bet that stall used to have a fine horse inside.”
“True.” She swiped the sponge over the curve of his ribs, then lower, skimming the top of the injury. Pink skin rimmed the gash. She applied a little pressure.
He sucked in a breath, sunk his belly.
“Sorry. I need to check to see if the tissue is still viable.” The skin turned white then pink when she released it. Blood trickled from the raw tissue.
“And is it?”
“It appears so.” She rinsed the sponge a few times before returning to the injury. Oh, bother. The bottom disappeared into his waistband. Tossing the sponge into the water, she reached for the rope holding up his pants.
He jerked back and caught her hand. “What are you doing?”
“I need to lower your pants.” Heat flooded her face. “I—I have to see all of the injury.”
Luc gritted his teeth. “I’ll do it, Sister. You just stay by my side, not over here.” He blocked off his groin. “This area doesn’t require your attention.”
She opened and closed her mouth before she found the words. “I am a trained nurse. I have treated men before.”
“Yes, well, you don’t need to treat me there.” A blush flooded his chest before traveling up his neck and filling his face. “It’s working just fine.”
Heat shimmered inside her and something sparked to life. She packaged it up. She would not allow him to impugn her professionalism. Nursing was a respectable profession. “Just expose the entire wound, please.”
He jerked on the rope, knotting it in his haste. Muttering, he pushed the torch in her hand then untied it. With a wiggle and a tug, he revealed the rest of the gunshot and the curve of his buttocks.
My, but the stable was warm. Instead of fanning herself, she set the torch down, retrieved the sponge, and cleaned the rest of his side. Pink skin all around. “How old is this wound?”
“Two nights.” Luc kept his hand in front of his privates. “No, three.”
“It should have begun healing by now.”
“I’ve been picking at it. In case it needed stitches.”
Did it need stitches? It looked shallow enough to heal on its own. Curse her incomplete training. Should she stitch it or shouldn’t she? After rinsing the sponge with water, she dipped it into the carbolic solution and daubed the wound.
Hissing, he wiggled farther away, exposing more of his bottom.
She never really noticed a man’s bottom before. But his was very nice. She held the sponge in place for a moment longer.
“Well?”
Her thoughts scattered and reformed. “Um, no, it’s just a graze. I don’t think it needs stitches, do you?”
He frowned at the sponge. “If you don’t think it does, I suppose it doesn’t.”
Good, he agreed with her. She unrolled a length of bandage and cut it, then folded it into a thick pad. “I’ll wrap it tightly and that should stop the bleeding, then it can heal properly.”
Luc tapped the back of his head against the stall. “Do it.”
She swapped the sponge for the padding. A spicy scent overrode the smell of soap and carbolic. Luc’s scent. What nonsense. Men didn’t have a scent. “Can you hold it in place while I secure it?”
He pinned the pad in place with two fingers.
She snatched up the bandage and unrolled it across his flat stomach. Her fingers brushed his smooth skin and his bunched muscles. Smooth, yet hard. How strange that she never noticed before. Leaning forward, she wrapped the bandage around his back. Soft chest hair tickled her cheek. Goosebumps ebbed and flowed down his chest with every breath she took. She rocked back and forth as she wrapped his abdomen.
He groaned.
She froze. “Am I hurting you?”
She turned her face to his.
His gaze locked on her lips. His pupils dilated, devouring the color of his eyes. “Please.” He inched closer. Peppermint perfumed his words.
She loved peppermint. Licking her lips, she could almost taste it.
He jerked back, banged his head and swore. “Just finish it, Sister.”
Her hands shook. She fumbled with the knot twice before tying the bandage. What had just happened? What was happening to her? A hummingbird seemed to have taken flight inside her. Perhaps she was becoming ill.
“Now leave.”
Madeline jumped to her feet. Kicking up straw in her wake, she fled the stall. Sleep, she needed sleep. Then everything would return to normal and she wouldn’t feel so odd.



Chapter Eight


“Time to wake up, Maddy.”
Madeline squeezed her eyes closed and sunk deeper into the pallet. Straw scratched her cheek. The coarse wool blanket reeked of animal. This morning’s events rushed back to her. The injured soldiers. Her parents’ deaths. Mathieu’s catatonic state. Pushing her hair off her face, she opened her eyes.
Uncle Cyprien smiled down at her. Cold rouged his apple cheeks and bulbous nose. “The wagon’s loaded with today’s harvest. The Dermonts and Undines will join us.”
Covering her yawn, she arched her back. Vertebrae popped. Cold air brushed against her as the blanket slipped. “What time is it?”
Uncle looked toward the open barn. The sun hung just above the wagon blocking the exit. “About an hour and a half before sunset. Plenty of time to reach the mill.”
The mill. Her heart skipped a beat. Luc and Mille would be concealed within the cargo. She peered closer. Sheaves of wheat filled the entire back. “Will you be able to return home before sunset?”
“Yes.” He winked at her. “We’ve done this before. We helped most of our young men cross the border and enlist in our army. By God, the Boches won’t get our sons.”
They would not get her brother either. Madeline trailed her fingers through his fine blond hair and combed out the straw. “Mathieu. Wake up.”
Mathieu opened his eyes but didn’t uncurl from his fetal position.
They had slept most of the day and still, his condition hadn’t changed. Would it ever? Luc had seen a case where it had. But was one the rule or the exception? “I need you to put your coat and shoes on, then visit the outhouse. We’re going on a trip.”
He sat up. A layer of straw clung to his side. He stared at the cow in the stall opposite theirs.
Uncle Cyprien knelt before her brother and slipped Mathieu’s sabots on. “I’ll take him. You wake the others. We’ll leave in five minutes.”
“Yes, sir.” Her insides churned. Waking Luc would involve touching him. He didn’t seem to like her touching him. As for her... Tending him was different than tending Mille. Oh for pity’s sake. She had a task to do and she’d best do it. Rising, she shook out her skirts then trudged toward the stall where the men slept.
Luc sauntered into the opening. With his shirt hiked up to his nipple, he inspected his wound. A crimson spot, the size of an orange, dotted the linen. “How long will it take us to reach the mill?”
“About an hour.” She drew up short, clasping her hands behind her back.
He nodded. “You can change our bandages then. Your uncle said we’d have to wait an hour or two before we can begin our trek to the next stop.”
“Very well.” She tossed her weight from foot to foot.
“Mille is wrapping your supplies in the quilt.” Luc released the shirt then began to tuck the hem inside his pants.
“No. Don’t.” She rushed forward and tugged on the fabric. “You don’t want to rub against your gunshot. We want it to heal, otherwise I might have to stitch it.”
Bending at the waist, she jerked his pants lower until the full bandage was exposed.
He caught his waistband and held it in place. “I’m not an invalid, Madeline. I can dress myself.”
“Yes. Yes, of course.” The knot in her stomach caught fire, set her blood to simmering. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to imply you weren’t whole.”
He set his knuckle under her chin and raised her face to his. His brown eyes looked black in the dimly lit barn. “Although if I had to be convalescent, I couldn’t ask for a prettier nurse.”
Heat pricked her ears. Oh, sweet heavens, she was blushing. Now it would be ever more difficult for him to see her as a professional. Madame had said some men confused a nurse’s tending with more intimate attention. Clearing her throat, she stepped back. “You should ask for a fully trained nurse and be glad of it, even if she looks like a horse’s backside.”
His lips parted.
Madeline slapped her hands over her mouth. Nuns-to-be didn’t speak such unkind things. Hadn’t the mother superior given Madeline’s coarse language as a reason for her dismissal from the order? She’d have to control herself better if she expected to be accepted into the convent in Holland. There would be no secular hospital to fall back upon, not with her responsibility toward Mathieu.
She had to become acceptable.
An odd rumbling came from Luc. The corners of his mouth arrowed into his lean cheeks then he laughed and winced. Holding his side, he threw back his head.
Arms akimbo, she tapped her toe on the straw covered ground. “You should not laugh.”
Mille limped around the corner. “Someone tell a joke?”
Swiping at a tear, Luc subsided into chuckles. “Madeline said we should ask for a competent, horse-faced nurse to tend our next injury.”
Mille frowned and tilted his head to the side. “Depends on the injury. If it’s just a quick fix then Nurse Horse will do. If I have to lay in bed for days or weeks, I’ll take a comely one that is half competent.” He reached behind him and retrieved his cane and her valise. “If she’s beautiful, she can just hold my hand and soothe my brow. I’ll change my own bandage.”
“You two are being ridiculous.”
“Hold my hand and see.” Mille held out his empty hand to her.
“Are all soldiers such irrepressible flirts?” Shaking her head, she inched forward.
Luc stiffened. “No more flirting, soldier. We can’t make our nurse uncomfortable.”
“Yes, Sir.” Mille snapped off a salute, nearly toppled to the right in the process.
She clamped her lips closed. She didn’t mind Mille’s flirting. But she should, especially if she wanted to be a nun. Easing her bag from his grip, she wrapped her free arm around his waist. “Let me help you to the wagon.”
“Let him walk by himself, Sister.” Luc materialized next to her and took charge of her bag. “He’ll need to get used to walking if we’re to make the border in five days.”
Mille sagged against her. “I don’t wish to pop my stitches, Lieutenant.”
“You won’t pop your stitches by walking ten meters, Private.” Luc cracked his knuckles. “But being thrown that far will probably break something. Something you’re very attached to.”
Madeline gasped. He was threatening violence because she was helping Mille. So why did the tiniest part of her like it? “Luc—”
Mille squeezed her shoulder before releasing her. “It’s alright. I must return to fighting shape anyway.”
Luc faced the wagon. Harvested grain filled the vee-shaped bed. He frowned. “Now how do you propose we hide? Climb on top and dig our way down?”
Cupping her elbow, he dragged her forward.
Tingles raced up and down her arm, despite his gentle hold. Perhaps she really was falling ill.
Before she answered, Uncle Cyprien appeared towing Mathieu behind him. “You can’t see the compartment? Good.”
Mathieu shambled as if he still slept. When Uncle stopped, her brother bumped into him before stopping as well.
Madeline sucked on her bottom lip. Please, Lord, help my brother. Break the chains of horror imprisoning him inside his head.
“You stay.” After patting Mathieu’s head, Uncle walked to the rear of the wagon and lifted the back gate. A dozen bundles of wheat rolled to the ground, revealing another gate and an empty space under the harvest. “The Boches haven’t found it either. Although I would draw your legs in tight if we’re stopped.”
Luc marched forward, tugging her along with him. Crouching, he peered inside. “A meter wide by half a meter tall?”
“Not quite half a meter tall.” Uncle’s barrel chest puffed out before he pointed to the wheat-packed sides. “A bayonet won’t reach the wood.”
Madeline’s knees shook. Bayonet? Why would the Germans stab the grain? She mentally slapped her forehead. To search for concealed people of course. She’d seen the notices about helping wounded soldiers.
Scratching his chin, Luc glanced at her, then Mathieu and Mille. “I don’t think we’ll all fit.”
Uncle nodded. “Just you and him. Maddy and Mathieu will walk beside me to the mill.”
Walk? And risk exposure? Bile burned the back of her throat.
“No. Absolutely not.” Luc thrust his jaw forward. “She and her brother are in danger as well. They hide with us or we don’t go.”
“This is the only wagon altered for concealment.” Uncle strode forward until his chest nearly bumped Luc’s. “To do as you ask would require two trips. The enemy would notice.”
Luc’s face tightened until his lips diminished to a slash mark.
Reaching inside his trouser pocket, Uncle removed a sheaf of papers. “She and Mathieu have documents. They’ll be safe.”
She snatched them out of his hand and jerked them open. Sabine and Alex Neu. The Grim Reaper puffed cold air on the back of Madeline’s neck. Sabine’s house had the mass grave in front of it. How many people had died in the last two months?
“I don’t like it.” Luc braced his hands on his hips and planted his feet in the dirt.
She folded the papers and handed them back to her uncle.
Red suffused Uncle Cyprien’s face.
“Thank you, Uncle.” Pivoting she poked Luc’s shoulder. “Mathieu and I are walking to the mill. The only choice you have to make is whether you’ll be inside the wagon or stay behind and pout in the barn.”

#

Men don’t pout. Luc sipped the warm stale air. The stench of carbolic stung his eyes. Although he might start wailing if they didn’t reach the mill soon. His body twitched with the need to kick aside the wheat and unbury himself.
“I don’t think Maddy should be a nun.” Mille’s shoulder brushed Luc’s in their small tomb.
“Madeline. Her name is Madeline. Or Sister.” Sister was better; it created distance. Sweat stung Luc’s eyes. Funny, he never had problems remaining objective around other women. Of course, objectively, he didn’t think she should be a nun either. Although parts of him protested more than others. The wagon swayed underneath him and he squeezed his eyes closed. Picture the chateau. The tapestries. The blazing fire and marble hearth in my room.
“Madeline.” Mille sighed. “Do you think she knows how pretty she is?”
Madeline’s face blossomed in Luc’s mind. The soft angle of her jaw, the two lines that appeared above her nose when she didn’t understand something, and the gentle curves of her body. He hadn’t meant to scare her this morning. He just wanted to punch through that clinical detached shell of hers, make her see him as a man, not a patient.
And he’d nearly kissed her in the process.
“No, she can’t know. Girls that know, they know just how to tease. And they do it on purpose.” Mille shifted his leg, banging Luc’s ankle.
How could she be so tempting and innocent? How would Luc survive being next to her morning, noon, and night until they reached Holland? He clamped his lips together, forcing the groan into a grunt.
“You said it’ll take five days to reach the border, right?” Mille rested his hands against the planks separating them from the weight of the harvest above. “I should be able to convince her that her life lays in another direction by then.”
“The hell you will.” If anyone convinced her, it would be Luc. Just a kiss on that petal red mouth... He licked his lips. What was he saying? He had a fiancée. “You will not trifle with Sister Madeline’s affections. Is that clear?”
“It’s such a waste.”
“Indeed.”
“Without those extra changes of clothes, bandages and hospital supplies she has a very nice figure.” Mille sighed. “And those ankles...” He turned his head. “What do you mean indeed? You just said I couldn’t marry her and prevent her from joining the convent.”
Embarrassment flamed in Luc’s cheeks. At least Mille couldn’t see. “The plan is for us to rejoin the army. How would Madeline feel if she gave up the church to marry you, and the Boches exploded your fat head like a cabbage they love so much?”
Mille swore. “I’ll wear my helmet and be back in her bed by Christmas.”
Luc’s hands fisted. The only way Mille would be in Madeline’s bed was if his corpse was being laid out for a viewing. And maybe not even then. “And what if the war drags on past Christmas?”
“It won’t, will it? Tommy said the Germans would be in full retreat by then.”
“Tommy also said the British would defend Antwerp.” Yet, the capital had fallen. Luc snapped off a strand of wheat sticking through the planks overhead. “This war will not be over by Christmas.”
“I’ll have leave.” Mille tried to cross his arms over his chest and rapped his knuckles on the coffin top. “I’ll see her every chance I can get. She won’t regret choosing me.”
That’s because she wouldn’t choose him. Luc would see to it. Madeline deserved better, and obviously wanted more, or she would have stayed with her family and married a local farmer. “Why don’t you ask her to wait?”
“If the war drags into the spring, she could already have taken her final vows by then.”
“She would wait for you. If she loved you.”
Mille drummed on the plank under their backs. “Is your fiancée waiting?”
Laure Martel. Luc’s fiancée. His nails dug into the board. His family had money, land, and a shipping business closely allied with her family’s mining interests. Her mother was German. Luc had stopped by to see Laure before the invasion—she had been out driving with another man. He had waited two hours. When the clock approached three hours, he had left.
His country needed him more than his fiancée.
“Is she?”
“I—” The wagon slowed then stopped. Another contingent of Germans forcing the conveyance to the side of the road? Or had they reached the mill?
“Papers!” A man with a foreign accent shouted in French.
“Germans.” Mille hissed.
“Shh.” Luc held his finger to his lips, a useless gesture given the darkness of their coffin. If they could hear the Boches, then the reverse could also be true.
Boots crunched. The grain rustled. They were searching the wagon with bayonets.
Luc scrunched closer to the center. Mille held his breath.
“His daughter is very pretty.” The man switched back to German. “Perhaps we should let her entertain us while they unload.”
Daughter? Madeline! Luc’s heart slammed against his breastbone. She would never entertain a damn cabbagehead! He squirmed toward the bottom of their coffin.
Mille fisted his shirt. “Don’t.”
“What is the delay?” Another male voice boomed. Deeper than the first, steel laced this voice.
“I am just checking their papers, Colonel.”
Luc stiffened. Why was a German colonel at a flour mill? Had one of their wagon cortege told about the two Belgian soldiers hidden under a pile of wheat? Was the countryside infested with Germans looking for two men?
“Are all their papers in order?”
“Yes, Colonel.” Heels clicked together.
Luc flinched.
“Then let the peasants through. I want that wheat unloaded before we leave.”
No. No! Luc resisted the drive to pound his fists through the wood. Unloading the wheat would expose their hiding space.



Chapter Nine


Madeline stepped in front of her brother, placing him between her body and the grain wagon. Water gushed in the river beside the dirt road and turned the wheel beside the flour mill. Handfuls of Boches lounged in the shade of the building. Three fanned out in front of her. Sunlight glinted off their spiked helmets and the fixed bayonets on the rifles slung over their shoulders.
Uncle Cyprien caught her eye. “They’re here for the wheat.”
Wheat or not, she didn’t like the Boches here. She fisted her skirts in her damp hands. If she and her uncle were forced to unload the wheat, Luc and Mille were sure to be discovered.
Then they would all be executed.
Although from the look of the weasel-faced soldier in the center, she would have an additional indignity before dying. Swallowing the fear lodged in her throat, she glanced at her uncle. “Is there something wrong?”
Uncle Cyprien twisted the reins around his thick fingers and patted the sway-backed nag harnessed to the wagon. Thick bushy brows met in a pucker above his nose. “No, daughter.”
Weasel-face sidled closer, tapping the identification papers against his dirty palm. A bushy mustache covered his mouth and emphasized his pointed nose. His oily gaze slid over her body.
Madeline shivered. Perhaps she shouldn’t have removed her multiple layers of clothing.
“Can you sing?” The Boche’s words accompanied a cloud of sour cabbage and bitter wine. “Dance?”
The other two Boches turned their attention to her.
She wanted to run, to hide. Her gaze flew to her uncle’s. “No.”
“Come child.” Uncle Cyprien held out his hand. “We must unload the wheat.”
Weasel-face set his hand on the pistol at his hip. The thick pouches hanging around his waist weighted down his belt. “You and the boy unload the wheat, Graybeard. I have not finished exploring the woman’s talents.”
Her mouth dried and her drumming heart drowned out the gurgle of water. She stepped back, running into Mathieu.
“Now then,” Weasel-face licked his nonexistent lips and moisture clung to his mustache. “You will come with me. We’ve reports of women smuggling letters in their corsets and all must be checked.”
She shook her head. This couldn’t be happening to her. Was this her punishment for lying to Papa? “I have no letters.”
But she was smuggling something more valuable. Her attention cut to the wagon. It shook softly, and a few strands of wheat rolled to the ground. Merciful God, could Luc and Mille be contemplating leaving their hiding space to rescue her? She couldn’t let them.
Weasel-face grasped her arm. Dirty crescent-shaped nails dug into her skin through her coat. “You cannot expect me to believe your word. Franc-tireurs are everywhere.”
Uncle Cyprien lumbered forward. “We carry no letters to a mill. You have my word.”
The Boche Colonel with gold metal on his black epaulettes raised his weapon and pointed the barrel at Uncle’s heart. Brass buttons bisected his wide torso. Sharp creases ran down his trousers and disappeared into his high boots. “Unload the wheat, Graybeard.”
Her uncle drew up short. His face flushed.
Madeline sucked on her bottom lip for a moment. She had to do something to protect him, her brother, and her Jas. “All will be well. I have no hidden papers.”
Weasel-face chuckled. “I’ll be the judge of that.”
Turning, he led the way to the lean-to attached to the mill.
The hair on her neck stood up. She seriously doubted papers would fit where he planned to inspect. Raising her chin, she kept pace with the foul Boche. Her sabots slipped in the mud as she trudged toward the office. Luc and Mille would return to the Belgian army and chase the Germans from her country.
And she would have the satisfaction of having helped them.
The colonel and the red-faced enlisted man fell into step behind her.
She swallowed despite her dry throat. Almighty God, please give me strength. Guttural German snapped behind her, flowing so fast she couldn’t make out the words. What were they saying? She pinched the collar of her jacket tight around her throat.
Weasel-face threw open the office door. It banged against the whitewashed wall. Glass rattled in the high window overlooking the stream. He shoved her into the opening.
She stumbled over the threshold. Her toes throbbed in her sabots. Slipping on the concrete floor, she slammed to a stop against a large desk in the center of the three by three meter room. Flattening her palms on the surface, she straightened. Warm air washed over her face but couldn’t touch the chill deep inside her.
The colonel propped a hip against the scarred filing cabinet and folded his arms across his chest. When the furniture shifted, wine sloshed in the two bottles atop the cabinet. After tugging off his black gloves, he tucked them into his belt. Next, he removed his helmet and scratched his fingers over his sweaty scalp.
Weasel-face tossed the identification papers onto the desk. They swirled across the surface before sticking in a rut. “Remove your coat.”
Madeline’s attention flew to the door as it slammed shut. The flames in the kerosene lamps bucked and swayed despite their globes. The third German soldier stood outside the office but his dark shadow seeped across the threshold.
“Now.” Weasel-face banged on the table. Papers jumped.
Her shaking fingers latched onto the button at her throat. Chapped knuckles grazed the soft skin under her chin. The wooden button shot from her fingers and out the button hole. One down. How many more to go? The air thickened with harvested wheat and mold. She swallowed the rising bile. Wool scratched her fingers as she skimmed down her chest to work on the next fastener.
Weasel-face warmed his hands near the stove in the corner. A coal fire glowed through the grate, casting crimson light over his thin features. A trail of smoke seeped from the crooked stack and stained the ceiling black.
Legs shaking, Madeline leaned against the desk and shrugged out of her coat. Goosebumps raced across her exposed wrists. Folding the garment in half, she offered it to Weasel-face.
Accepting it, he patted down the sleeves and stuck his hands into the pockets. His brow furrowed and he pulled out the contents. A pencil stub, a wadded up handkerchief and four sugar cubes tumbled across the desk.
She curled and uncurled her fingers. Perhaps they really were looking for smuggled papers.
Weasel-face tossed the coat onto the chair shoved in the corner. “Now the dress.”
Turning her head, she eyed the Colonel.
He flashed his eye teeth. His gold tooth complimented the decoration on his shoulder. His thumb hooked on his equipment belt. “Do as instructed, mademoiselle. I’m here to swear that nothing inappropriate happened.”
Yes, but would that be the truth or a Boche’s lie?
Weasel-face grinned. “Any refusal would be an admission that you are a franc-tireur.”
She inhaled sharply. She was no saboteur although she might become one if the opportunity presented itself. Closing her eyes, she reached for the button at her throat. Our Father who Art in Heaven.
Cold air stung her neck.
Hallowed be Thy name.
The second slid free.
Fabric swished. The cabbageheads had moved closer.
Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done.
The third eased free.
Rough fingers tugged on her bodice, peeling back the layers and scratching her skin.
“She is wearing a corset.” Weasel-face’s gloat floated on sour air.
Of course she was. What had he expected? Just a chemise? Her chest heaved for air. The Lord’s Prayer. Lose yourself in the prayer. She wracked her brain for her place. On Earth as it is in Heaven.
The fourth slipped out.
Liquid sloshed to her side. The colonel smacked his lips. “Nothing better than wine and women.”
“Especially when you don’t have to pay for either.” Weasel-face’s breath skittered down her chest.
Her fingers stilled on the fifth button. They weren’t going to just search her. Her heart pounded in her ears. Oh, God. Oh, God, please...
Metal rasped. Cold steel skimmed her throat. A burning line trailed down her chest and stopped above her cleavage. “Shall I help you with your buttons?”
Fumbling with one, she shook her head.
“Pity.” Weasel-face spun the knife, digging the tip into her skin. Hot liquid trickled from the pin-point. “My way is faster. And I do want to spend as much time searching you as possible.”
She tore off the button. It slipped through her numb fingers and pinged on the ground.
“She—” Pounding at the door cut off the colonel’s words. “Enter!”
Not another one! Madeline’s eyes flew open. Cold air swirled around her ankles. Hooves pounded the mud outside. Soldiers’ kits clinked together.
Spurs jangled as a young officer stomped inside.
The colonel slammed down the wine bottle. “What is it, Major?”
The major’s blue gaze skittered over her before he flushed. “We have escaped prisoners, Oberst.”
Prisoners! Madeline swayed on her feet. Would they search the wagons more carefully as a result?
Shoving the cork back into the bottle, the colonel smiled. The gold tooth winked. “Soldiers?”
“Yes, Colonel.”
“Wonderful. I enjoy a good hunt.” The colonel removed the second bottle and passed them both to the major.
Weasel-face whined.
Spinning on his heel, the colonel faced his subordinate. “Come, Gunter, we must run the vermin to ground.”
Gunter, the weasel-faced soldier, hauled her against his body. “You have a stay, Sabine.”
Sabine? Madeline started at the name of her neighbor. She’d forgotten she’d adopted the other woman’s name. She hoped neither Boche noticed her reaction.
“But I will visit you once we shoot the Belgian vermin.” He tapped the identification papers. “Nothing will interrupt us next time.”
He mashed his lips to hers, grinding the delicate tissue against her teeth.
She tried to turn her head and gagged on the sweet taste of blood.
Weasel-face laughed, shoved her away. “Until we meet again.”
Stumbling backward, she flapped her arms, searching for balance. Air whooshed out of her lungs when she collided with the wall. Her head banged into the plaster. With stars dancing in her peripheral vision, she slowly sunk to the ground.
The Boches marched out of the office, leaving the door open. Harnesses jingled as the horses danced sideways. The colonel shouted orders. German soldiers scrambled to collect their paraphernalia. A few fixed their bayonets.
Thank you Lord for delivering me. Madeline bowed her head. Please protect the escaped Jas. Help them reach safety. Help them run off the invader.
Rising to her feet, she quickly dressed. Leaving her coat open, she picked her missing button off the muddy floor then shoved it and the identity papers inside her pocket. She would never speak of this, never think of it again. Shaking the tremors from her hands, she stepped outside. Of course, she must warn Uncle that weasel-face meant to visit her neighbor, the real Sabine.
Madeline crossed the threshold just as the last of the soldiers reached the main road.
Peasants slunk out of the mill. None of the men met her eyes. Skirts flapping around her thin frame, Madame Undine rushed over. Her long fingers delved into her apron pockets. Hooking her arm through Madeline’s, she dragged her back to the office. “I will make you tea.”
Madeline’s heart picked up speed as the warm air cloaked her face. She didn’t want to be inside again. Ever. Her nose quivered. She could still smell Weasel-face’s sour breath. “That’s not necessary.”
Madame Undine released her to shake a kettle resting on the floor. Water sloshed inside. Smiling, she set it on the stove and shook the contents of her handkerchief inside. “Yes, it is necessary. You don’t want one of them growing in here.”
She set her hand on Madeline’s stomach.
“They didn’t rape me.” Madeline shuffled toward the door.
Monsieur Undine appeared in the doorway with a full bucket in his hand. Gray slashed lines in his black hair. Droplets crashed over the side and were quickly absorbed by the mud clods. He blushed when he saw her then stared at his wooden shoes. “Water.”
After setting the pail down, he slammed the door shut and stomped away.
“Of course you weren’t dear.” Madame Undine’s soft voice lacked conviction. “But those Boches have ways we haven’t heard of.”
Madeline blinked. In the year she’d spent training to be a nurse, she’d learned how women became pregnant and heard lots of ways girls thought they’d become pregnant. Nonsense and superstition filled the latter. Thankfully, the cabbageheads had been interrupted before they’d even reached either point.
Madame Undine lifted the chair and slammed it down beside the table. “Now sit. With your dear mother murdered,” she made the sign of the cross, “I will take care of you.”
“Yes, Madame.” Madeline sank onto the chair. No use arguing with the older woman, even Mama had always bowed before the force of her personality. Still, Madeline had limits. One cup of tea then she would check on Luc and Mille.

#

Luc leapt from the hiding space. Cold air stung his lungs. “Where is she?”
Cyprien planted a hand on Luc’s chest. “Let the women take care of her.”
The hell he would. Neither the women nor the men had stopped the damn Boches from taking Madeline, harming her. Luc darted left then right.
The farmer blocked him each time. “Women need their own kind when things like this happen.”
Women needed strong men to protect them. Madeline needed a strong man to protect her. And he needed to be that man because he’d gotten her parents executed. Luc raked his fingers through his hair, ripping out strands.
“My wife is making sure there are no consequences.” The salt and pepper haired man fidgeted in his sabots. “No reason the church would turn her away.”
Luc’s insides knotted. Madeline had done nothing wrong! Yet their guilt at having stood by and done nothing was placing the fault squarely onto her.
Mille nudged Luc’s shoulder. “We can avenge any...harm done to her.”
Leopold heeled at Luc’s feet; tail wrapped around his hindquarters.
Yes, Luc would avenge her. And her brother. And her parents.
“Come.” Cyprien handed Luc a pitchfork. “We must unload the wheat and lock the mill in case the Germans return.”
An older man shuffled forward. The neat brown suit and soft hands set him apart from the farmers. “If all is clear, Louis will come for you at midnight and take you to the next station.”
Luc strangled the handle of the pitchfork before stabbing the wheat. His side throbbed. Using the pain to focus, he moved through the wagon. Madeline would never leave Luc’s sight until they reached Holland and safety.



Chapter Ten


Luc polished his pocket watch until it gleamed like honey in the low light. Darkness pressed against him, filling the gnawing ache in his gut. In the center of the room, the millstone glowed in the slivers of moonlight filtering through the broken slats of the shutters. Flour dusted his trousers and coated his hair. A damp smell seeped through the walls along with the gurgle of the stream outside. They had hours until their contact arrived. Hours of silence. At least the Boches hadn’t returned.
Mille stroked the dog’s coat.
Tucked in the corner, Madeline lay next to her brother in a nest of spent wheat stalks. Her coat covered their shivering figures.
So much for Mille’s love of Madeline. For a man who’d braved everything by Luc’s side, he possessed remarkably fickle affections. Luc would never turn away so easily. Tucking the watch into his pocket, he picked at a blister on his index finger. He blew on the raw skin before flicking the dead tissue away. Except, he hadn’t exactly been talkative since they’d been locked in two hours ago.
And he hadn’t met Madeline’s eye.
Enough of this. Luc cleared his throat. “I think it is safe for you to change our bandages.”
“Lieutenant.” Mille jerked his head around. “Let the sister rest.”
Sister. How easily the private used words to distance himself from Madeline, dehumanizing her by using the established nursing title. What had been done to her wasn’t contagious, nor was she to fault. Luc scratched the tight skin at his neck. She should have been better protected. She should have been hidden inside the wagon with him and Mille.
Madeline raised her head. Her eyes flashed in the low light. “I don’t need to rest.”
She did. Whatever Madame Undine had given her had her rushing to the slops pot every quarter hour.
The grain rustled as she rose and shook her skirts. Bending, she kissed her brother’s cheek then lifted the bundle of possessions onto a heap of grain. Medicine bottles clunked together. “I should wash my hands first.”
“I’ll cover the windows, so you can use the electric torch.” Luc shrugged off his coat. Using a nearby pole, he raised the garment and draped the fabric on the edges of the shutters. Their darkness on the second floor was almost complete.
“You should have let her rest.” Mille shifted on the ground. Leopold grumbled before rolling over and resting his head on his paws. “I could have tended both our bandages.”
Luc didn’t want Mille tending his injury. “She needs something to do, to distract her from today.”
Mille sniffed. “She needs rest. That old lady said so.”
Madame Undine had tromped all over Madeline’s spirit. Luc wouldn’t have tolerated it, but the other men had outvoted him. Couldn’t they see the fire burning inside her? As a Belgian, this was her fight too. Maybe more so because of this afternoon. “Madeline is a nurse. In the hospitals I’d visited, the sisters were always busy.”
Sure, he’d only been inside two, and those had been in London, but he couldn’t believe things would be any different in Belgium.
Mille shifted his injured leg. “Do you think she’ll wake up screaming?”
They all had at one point or another. Eventually, terror and helplessness needed an outlet. Luc crossed the room and picked up the electric torch. After checking the battery, he switched it on and focused the beam on the private’s leg. “If she does, we’ll be there for her.”
Mille raised his hand, shielding his eyes. “You’ll have to be close. Can’t have her bringing the Boches upon us.”
Soft footsteps whispered on the stairs. Lugging a bucket of water, Madeline reached their level. “I won’t wake up screaming.”
Luc raced across to meet her.
She shifted the pail out of his reach. “I don’t want you opening up your side.”
He gritted his teeth. “Still stubborn.”
“Still your nurse.” Her lips quirked at the ends. “Until we reach Holland.”
“Until Holland.” Bowing slightly, Luc acknowledged her skill.
“No shame in it. Screaming, I mean.” Mille plucked at the knotted bandage wrapping his thigh. “Sometimes it’s the only thing that can chase out the thoughts.”
“I’ll take your word for it.” She cocked her head. Her jaw was set when she turned her attention to Luc. “I will allow you to bring over the carbolic and fresh bandages.”
“As you wish.” He would allow her to order him about—nurses usually bullied their patients. He crossed to her pallet. Mathieu remained motionless when Luc knelt beside him. The little boy stared unblinking at the darkness. Luc patted him. Too bad the child saw something horrific.
“I will be cutting the bandage off, so try not to move.”
A feminine shadow cut off the light falling on the pallet.
“Yes, Sister.”
Among the packages of linen, Luc’s fingers found two silver candlesticks, four matching spoons, a simple gold band, and bottle-shaped bundles. He unrolled a chemise. Such soft linen, probably just like her skin... His trousers shrunk. What kind of monster was he? Thinking such thoughts at a time like this? Lifting the bottle, he turned the label to the light. Damn, not enough illumination for him to read the words. Gathering the edges of the quilt, he rose and joined Mille and Madeline.
Mille petted Leopold, keeping his face turned away from Madeline.
She blinked rapidly and swallowed hard. The snip of scissors filled the silence.
Luc settled on the ground next to her then spread out the bundle, placing the contents within her reach. “I couldn’t read which was which so I brought everything.”
“Thank you.” Her smile wobbled before collapsing. Ducking her head, she hunched over Mille’s leg and peeled away the dressing.
Mille hissed and rose a little off the floor.
“Sorry.” She patted his shoulder. “The skin is beginning to knit with the bandage. I’m almost done.”
Nodding, Mille clamped his lips together.
She removed the stained wrapping and carefully rolled it into a ball. Red curled through the water when she dipped her hands in the bucket. “Good news. You haven’t lost anymore stitches.”
“Great.” Mille crossed his arms over his chest. “Any sign of blood poisoning?”
Madeline shifted the torch, shone the light from the left and right. She sniffed delicately. “No gangrene.”
Luc drummed his fingers on his thigh. He wanted her to work, to feel useful, but he didn’t like her retreating into her nurse persona. He had to make her laugh, or at least smile. “See, Sister agrees. You stink.”
Mille rolled his eyes. “You can’t get clean in a horse trough.”
“Now boys.” She shook her finger at Luc. “Behave or you’ll find out how painful changing a bandage can be.”
“Yes, Sister.” Mille turned his attention back to the snoring dog.
“Yes, Madeline.” Luc savored the taste of her name on his tongue.
Leaning to the left, she rummaged through her belongings before unearthing a metal mug. She dipped it in the water then sorted her clothing into piles.
Luc lifted the bottle he’d opened earlier. “What’s a Number 9 pill?”
“A laxative.”
His bowels clenched and he dropped the bottle. Pills rattled inside. Not something he wanted or needed at the moment. “What do numbers one through eight do?”
She smiled. “I don’t know. I don’t carry them.”
“But you carry quite a few others.” He pointed to the five stacks of three bundles.
“Madame wanted to make certain the medicines went to the people of Belgium, not German soldiers.” Madeline uncorked an amber bottle and counted drops into the cup. Her lips moved until she reached twenty. “So we each received a little bit of this and that. Eventually, I’ll use it all then switch to available herbs.”
“You know about herbs?”
“My mother taught me.” She tore off a piece of absorbent cotton from the puffy wad and dipped it into the cup. “She knew more than Madame Undine, although she’d never say so.”
Mille switched his attention to Madeline. “My mother knew a bit about herbs.”
“I thought you had some experience in the healing arts by the way you tied your bandage.” She daubed the cotton around his stitches. Pink quickly wicked through the ball. She set it near the wadded up bandage then tore off another piece.
“She didn’t have your touch.” Mille blushed and scratched the dog behind the ear.
Madeline smiled. “As I said, there’s more than one way to treat an injury and if your mother was irritated...”
Luc crossed his arms. The private couldn’t seem to decide if he wanted to flirt or ignore her. Fickle. Fickle. Fickle. She deserved better.
Mille chuckled. A lock of blond hair swung across his forehead. “She was always irritated. Said she couldn’t tell me any plainer not to do something before I’d go and do it.”
“Mathieu is the same. Mama would—” She sucked in a breath. Pink liquid dripped between her clenched fingers and white dotted her knuckles. She shook herself before finishing cleaning the dried blood. “As I said, your mother may have thought a little lesson was in order when she treated you.”
“It didn’t work.” He winked. “But I had fun.”
“I’ll bet.” Lifting the torch, she shone it on the clean skin. A ridge of scab formed a crooked line under the black stitches. “You’re healing well.”
“I had a great nurse.” Mille shifted so he leaned toward her.
Enough of that. Luc cleared his throat. “You need to rest, Private. We’ll be moving out in a few hours.”
“Would you like some morphia?” She formed a pad and placed it over the injury.
Mille squirmed when she started wrapping it. “I can handle the pain.”
“But will the pain stop you from sleeping?” She efficiently snipped the bandage, sliced the end in two and tied it off.
Mille snorted. “Nothing stops me from sleeping.”
She patted his ankle. “Sleep well. Midnight will be here sooner than you think.”
Sooner than any of them thought and if they kept flirting, his bandage still wouldn’t have been changed. Luc tugged his shirt over his head and dropped it onto his lap. “After you tend my side, I think you should take your own advice, Madeline.”
“I plan to.” Adjusting her skirts, she twisted until she faced him. “Will you?”
Luc scraped a hand down his face. Stubble rasped against his palm. “I’ll keep watch. We don’t want to be surprised by any unexpected visitors.”
Mille rolled onto his side, placing his wounded leg at an angle in front of his body. “Wake me when it’s my turn.”
“Now let me see yours.” She turned to Luc, her knees settled against his thigh. Her gaze swept down his chest. Heat shimmered just underneath her professionalism.
He resisted the urge to puff out his chest. Barely.
Clearing her throat, she stared at the bandage just above his hip. A orange-sized dot of blood marred the white fabric. “Barely any blood. You’re healing. I might just let you fetch and carry for me.”
Leaning forward, her fingers skimmed his belly. They stopped just above the bandage wrapped around his gut.
He sucked in a breath.
Her hand stilled. “Did I hurt you?”
Yes. No. Damn, say something, preferably something intelligent. “Your hands are cold.”
“Fresh spring water. The office has the only stove.” She eased her finger under the bandage right above his navel.
“I might use it to wash up later.” Luc thanked God that he’d placed his shirt in his lap. Given today’s ordeal with the Boches, she didn’t need a reminder of a man’s baser desires.
She slipped another finger under the bandage and spread them wide.
His mouth dried. She couldn’t know how erotic that gesture was. Maybe he should dump the cold water down his pants now and forget washing up.
Easing the scissor blade between her parted fingers, she snipped through the bandage.
The constriction in his gut migrated to his lower regions. He needed a distraction. Fast. Or he would embarrass them both. “You should return to your studies after the war.”
“Will you lean forward a bit, so I can unwrap the dressing?” She paused. A heartbeat later, she rocked closer and eased the bandage free of his wound. “I’ll have to join an order where the sisters are permitted to nurse.”
Luc studied the shell of her ear, the curve of her jaw and the flare of her nostrils. Unwinding the bandage, she skimmed his spine, sowing heat in her wake. If she just turned her head a little, their lips would be only centimeters apart. Such a small distance. Her words penetrated the haze inside his head. She’d promised to become a nun.
A deathbed promise.
He shouldn’t interfere in sacred matters. “Is that what you want? To be a nun?”
Her lips thinned. She shook her head once then froze. “I promised my father I would. Uncle Cyprien made sure I have a room at my aunt’s convent.” Pulling back, she focused on tearing another piece of cotton free. “I’ll need help taking care of Mathieu until he can return to the farm.”
A husband could do that. Women didn’t live extravagantly on a soldier’s pay. He shook the thought from his head. Mille didn’t deserve her. “With your skills, I’m sure you can find a place in any of the hospitals and help send our boys back to battle.”
“And Mathieu?” A curtain of curly hair shielded her face from his view. “I think this war has cost him enough, don’t you?”
Luc swallowed the denial. It would be a lie. The war had already taken so much from her, from them both. “Just think about it before you decide.”
“There’s nothing to think about. I promised my father.” She started wrapping his side. Her trembling fingers brushed his bare skin.

#

Madeline recited the Lord’s Prayer as she hovered over Luc’s bare torso. She shouldn’t notice his flat stomach, brown nipples, or dusting of dark hair forming a tee-shape on his chest. Nuns had pure thoughts. Nuns didn’t think of kissing or falling into a man’s bare-chested embrace. Her body quickened. She bit her lip and swallowed a cry. She hadn’t been a good novice the first time, what made her think she would be this time?
Because Mathieu needed her.
She peeked over her shoulder. Her brother lay unmoving on their pallet of straw.
She had to take her vows this time.
Tying off the bandage, she rocked back on her heels and began to collect her supplies.
Luc caught her hand. “There’s one more patient to be attended, Madeline.”
“Did Leopold get hurt?” She glanced at the dog. His paws twitched as he chased rabbits in his sleep.
Luc swept his thumb across the back of her hand. “You.”
Heat swept through her. “I don’t... I mean, they didn’t...”
Merciful heavens, why did everyone insist that she’d been raped? Because you nearly were. She stuffed the thought in the dark corners of her mind. She wasn’t supposed to think of this afternoon again.
Luc’s brown eyes narrowed. “Are you saying the Boches didn’t violate you?”
She shook her head.
A muscle ticked in his jaw.
Gracious, she was muddling this up. “They didn’t have time to violate me. They were ordered to look for an escaped prisoner before...” Her tongue stuck to the roof of her mouth. “Before anything happened.”
“Then how did you get this spot of blood?” He pointed to the area above the third button on her dress bodice.
Her skin prickled with embarrassment. “He didn’t— I mean—”
Luc rested his finger against her lips. “Shh.”
The silence filled her.
“Since your gown isn’t torn, I take it to mean he used a knife. Correct?” He traced the curve of her bottom lip, lingered on the cut her tooth had made during Weasel-face’s violent kiss, then began again. He focused on the motion as if mesmerized.
She swayed. Her brain forgot how to form words. She nodded.
“While the Boches are fanatical about keeping their weapons sharp, they’re not so concerned with cleanliness.” He cleared his throat. His fingers trailed down her chin to follow the curve of her jaw. “We should clean your cut, don’t you agree?”
Perhaps it was already infected. Perhaps that was why she felt so odd in Luc’s presence. Perhaps not. The other student nurses had described the symptoms of this particular malady. No! She mustn’t succumb to infatuation. She jerked free of his touch, overbalanced and landed on her bottom. “I’ll treat it.”
His hand fell into his lap. “Can you see it?”
“Yes, yes, of course.” She fumbled with the button at her throat. It came off in her hand.
“Allow me.” Luc brushed her fingers out of the way.
Before she could draw a breath, he had the top four buttons undone. Her stomach clenched. He might be a little too proficient at undressing women.
Tearing off a piece of absorbent cotton, he dipped it into the carbolic solution then raised it to her chest. “This may sting a little.”
“I know.” She stiffened.
He touched her, slid the ball down her throat to the swell of her breast.
Desire overrode the bite of cold and the burn of the disinfectant. She can’t be reacting to him. She mustn’t. She had a promise to keep to her father.
A vein throbbed at his temple. He pulled away. “Can you sketch?”
She blinked. What was he asking? “Hmm?”
“Can you draw a picture of the vermin that did this to you?” Chucking the cotton aside, Luc quickly refastened her remaining buttons. “I want to make certain I put a bullet through his head.”
She sucked air through her teeth. She wanted Weasel-face dead. She really did, but not at the cost to Luc’s immortal soul. It wouldn’t be a fair exchange as nothing had actually happened. Intentions didn’t count. “No, I can’t sketch.”
“Then perhaps you can describe him.”
“I’d rather just forget about the whole thing.” Madeline transferred her belongings and the used supplies to her shawl before bundling them up. Picking the shawl and the quilt up, she shook the straw off the blanket. “Now, if you don’t mind, I’ll take your advice and try to sleep.”
Luc clicked off the electric torch. “I’ll throw away the water.”
“Good night.” Using her feet, she swept them in front of her to make sure the path was clear.
Fabric rustled. Moonlight striped the room. His shadowy form drifted across the room, carrying the bucket.
She should stop him. Despite the lack of blood, he was still injured. Madeline draped the quilt over her brother and crawled onto the pallet beside him. “Sleep Mathieu. Tomorrow will be better.”
Please, Lord, let his brain paralysis end tomorrow. She wanted her brother back. Closing her eyes, she hugged him tight.
A stair creaked. Footsteps sounded on the wood floor. Warmth flared along her back.
She glanced over her shoulder.
Braced against the half wall, Luc sat behind her. He rested his hand on her hip. “Rest. I’ll keep you safe.”



Chapter Eleven


“Wake up, Madeline.” Luc’s breath teased the hair on her neck. “We have company.”
A dog woofed softly, followed by the sound of a tail thumping wood.
“Is it time to leave already?” Madeline snuggled deeper into the warm pallet. Wheat stalks crackled in her ear. Sleep sealed her eyes shut. Despite her fatigue, she fought Morpheus’s arms. Bad dreams tugged at the margins of her consciousness.
Beside her, her brother whined softly. Mathieu’s small hands clutched her bodice.
The hold stretched across her back. “Shh.” She smoothed his cowlick. “All is well. I’m here.”
Unfortunately, her presence didn’t soothe her brother as much as Luc’s nearness comforted her. Easing Mathieu’s grip, she sat up. She had to stop relying on Luc, thinking about his touch. The image of his bare chest surged from her memory. Thinking of him. Full stop. She had promised to enter the convent, had vowed to look after her brother. She must put away foolish thoughts of Luc.
Emptiness gnawed at her.
It was for the best. So why did it feel wrong? She packaged the thought in brown paper and twine. Some things were best left alone. Sitting up, she rubbed the grit from her eyes. “We’ll be ready to leave in five minutes.”
“Not leave. Hide. Our company is early. Very early.”
Madeline turned her face to Luc’s.
Silver blades of moonlight divided the angles and planes of his face. His lips slashed a grim line above his chin. His brown eyes narrowed. “Louis is not due to arrive until midnight.” His gold pocket watch clicked shut. “It’s only eleven-thirty.”
The stair leading to the ground floor of the mill creaked. Mille carefully lowered himself down a riser. The gun in his hand gleamed in the low light.
Leopold snuffled softly; his scruff stood on end.
Heavens above, please don’t let the Germans be at the door. The hair on the back of her neck rose. “Hide where?”
Her gaze darted around the room. The oversized millstone represented the only thing of substance. The rest were low piles of chaff.
Above the burble of the stream, she heard the rasp of metal.
“I will bury you and your brother under the straw.” Luc crawled around her, tucked her brother into the quilt and her coat, then lifted him. “Over there, where Mille lay.”
Holding her shawl containing her personal items between her teeth, she scooped up the discarded stalks and followed him to the corner.
Luc laid her brother on the flattened patch.
Dropping her armful over her brother’s feet, she set her bundle by his head. “Where will you hide?”
“We won’t.” Luc pointed for her to take her place by her brother.
Clamping her lips together, she trapped her argument. She had to think of her brother first. Luc and Mille had taken care of themselves long before she’d met them. Stretching out on the pallet, she hugged her brother close.
“If they are Boches at the gate, then I think they’ll be satisfied with two Belgian soldiers and not do more than a cursory inspection of the mill.” He dumped another armful of straw, then jerked his head toward the millstone. Between the pillar and the stone, they were partially concealed.
It would have to do. Please, Lord, let it be enough.
On the ground level, hinges creaked.
Madeline clawed at the straw, fluffing it up while burying herself and her brother. Shins. Thighs. Hurry. Abdomen. Chest. She had to hurry.
An owl hooted. A mouse squeaked.
Luc dropped another armful. Chaff rained down her head. He knelt beside her, settling the pieces over her face.
And then he disappeared. Her heart beat fast in her chest.
Fabric swished. A weight spread over her. His coat. He was using his coat to make it look like a pallet. She hoped the Boches believed it and didn’t spear the coat with a bayonet.
“Be as quiet as you can.”
Be safe. Straw tickled her nose. Her warm breath fell back into her face. Her body twitched. Please be safe. If You keep them safe, Almighty Father, I will be the best nun there ever was. I won’t think of Luc’s bare chest. Or the woodsy way he smells. Or his smile. I promise to never curse and to always be obedient. She ransacked her memories, looking for the reasons given for her dismissal from the convent. What else had there been? She came up empty. I promise I’ll do everything to serve You in the manner You’ve ordained.
The stair creaked.
Someone was on the stairs.
Was it Luc or German soldiers? Her ears strained against the silence. What was happening?
Mathieu squirmed in her hold and moaned.
She clamped a hand over his mouth then shoved her free fingers into her own to stifle her budding scream. If something didn’t happen soon...
“Ahhh.” A woman spoke softly. The hinges creaked again and the door thudded in its jamb.
“Who are you? What do you want?”
Madeline pictured Mille raising the cane and pointing it when he spoke. But where was Luc?
“I’m Helene,” the woman whispered. “I’m here to take you to a safe place.”
“Who sent you?” Luc this time.
He was safe. Removing her fingers from her mouth, Madeline parted the straw for a peek. Nothing. They must be downstairs.
“Monsieur Fusil sent for Louis.” Helene’s voice spiked at the end. “But he’d located three of the escaped soldiers and had to hide them so I came instead.”
Crawling out of her hiding space, Madeline crept toward the stairs. She needed to see.
“And the bag?” Steel threaded Luc’s words. “Why do you need a bag?”
“It’s food and medicine.” Helene drew a deep breath. “Monsieur Fusil said you were injured.”
“We have our own nurse.” Mille rested the gun on his uninjured leg.
“Yes, I’d been told we were bringing a woman and child to safety.”
Madeline inched closer. What did this woman look like? Was she really here to help them or was she an agent provocateur—a spy for the Germans? She’d seen plenty of charming graybeards enter German occupied hotels, read from notebooks and receive coin for their efforts. How much would the children of executed franc-tireurs and two Belgian soldiers bring?
Luc and the woman posed like dark silhouettes down below. “You are early.”
The feminine-shaped one nodded. Lines of moonlight divided the slender lines of her figure and the men’s trousers, loose shirt and tall boots. “The Germans are everywhere, searching for their escaped prisoners. We’ll need the extra time to reach the hospital.”
“Hospital?” Luc’s head snapped up.
“Yes.” Helene shrugged one shoulder and peeked at Luc through her long lashes. “Madame will see to your injuries before she sends you on the next leg of the journey.”
Shaking her head, Madeline pushed to her feet. She had enough of this woman and her flirting. “The Boches control the hospitals. And those they don’t, they’ve shut down.”
Helene turned her face into the light. Wide hazel eyes stared up, locking with Madeline’s. A black curl came free from the shawl around Helene’s head and bounced against her smooth cheek. “You are the nurse, then?”
“Madeline,” Luc hissed.
She raised her chin. No way would she stand by while this woman lured them into a trap.
“Yes, I’m a nurse.” She hid her crossed fingers behind her skirt. “The clinique I worked for was shut down by the Germans and everyone was sent home.”
Helene nodded but didn’t retreat from Luc’s side. “Yes, I’d heard it was so. But a few private ones are allowed to remain open to treat our people.”
Mille cocked an eyebrow. Crouched by his side, the shepherd’s ears twitched. “Is this true, Sister? Did some stay open?”
Luc crossed his arms over his chest.
Everyone waited. For her. She didn’t know everything. A stray thought snagged her attention. Wait a minute. Hadn’t I heard something... “Yes, I think some stayed open.”
“Madeline, prepare your brother. I’ll help Mille.” Luc strode toward the stairs. “We leave in five minutes.”

#

Madeline’s feet throbbed inside her sabots. Her toes were numb. A blister burned her heel from the uncomfortable shoes. She couldn’t feel her hand clutching Mathieu’s. She glanced over her shoulder. In the ditch behind her, he slogged along.
Before her, Luc and Mille hobbled forward. Sweat glistened on both their faces. Leopold trotted beside their guide, leading their Indian file.
Madeline scanned the area.
Dawn peeled back the night, revealing a gray skin. Around her, holes marred the neat lines of alder hedges. On the left, ashes twirled around two craters pitting an incinerated wheat field. A shell had split the pine in front of the one house in half, exposing the pale, soft interior. Bullets pocked the white plaster of a farmhouse, leaving scabs of red bricks.
Hastily dug trenches gouged the dead fields on her left and right. Dirty, blood-red bricks marked the graves of farmhouses. No families poked through the ruins. No clothes flapped from the line garroting the willow tree. No smoke curled from toppled chimneys.
Across the fields, lamps sparked to life in dark windows. Open shutters revealed the inhabitants within. Pink tinged the clouds the color of salt-water taffy. To the south and west, the faint lullaby of cannons rocked the Earth.
Mille cursed, groaned.
Madeline clamped her lips together.
Luc and Mille collapsed on the side of the ditch, puffing clouds that obscured their features.
Enough of this nonsense. “I’ll take him.” She tugged Mathieu toward them. Ice and slush crunched underfoot. “You lead my brother.”
She shoved Mathieu in Luc’s direction.
He shook his head and swayed on his feet. “We’ll make it.”
“Even if it kills you?” She ground her teeth together.
Luc’s teeth flashed ghostly white in his pale face. “It can’t be much farther.”
Their guide, Helene, had claimed they were close. But then she’d said that when they’d left the mill… nearly six hours ago.
“The more you overexert yourself, the longer it will take you to recover. The longer it will take for us to reach the border.”
Mille sagged into the frosted mud. “You could just leave me here.”
Luc’s nostrils flared. “We are not leaving you here, Private.”
Helene tromped toward them. “Why have we stopped? We’re almost there.”
Madeline ignored her. “Let me support Mille for a little bit. You lead Mathieu.”
“The change might upset him.” Luc hefted Mille to his feet.
“My brother probably wouldn’t react to a bomb exploding.” Although she wasn’t in a hurry to test that theory. She’d had enough of bombs, of war, and of mud.
Helene slid her arm around Mille’s waist. “I’ll help.”
Mille grinned. “Let me know if I put too much weight on you.”
Luc glared at her and didn’t release the other man. “If you are helping him, how are we supposed to know where to go?”
Mille winked at Helene. “I’m sure we’ll be just fine. After all, it isn’t everyday you see a beautiful woman in men’s pants.”
Their guide blushed. “They’re easier to walk in than a dress.”
Madeline shook her heavy skirts. She hadn’t been given the opportunity to find out.
Mille, Helene, and Luc limped forward. A few steps later, their legs tangled in the narrow ditch.
Luc slipped. His arms windmilled but he couldn’t stop his descent. He landed face up in the goop.
Helene and Mille chuckled.
Madeline slapped her hand over her mouth. Her mud-tipped fingers abraded her cheek.
Luc pushed to his knees and shook his arms. Blobs of mud splatted against the sides of the ditch. “I think I’ll let the two of you lead for a bit.”
What? Why was it okay for Mademoiselle Men’s Pants to help, but not Madeline? She was the one with nurse’s training. She stepped back and rested her bottom against the side of the ditch.
Mathieu leaned against her and closed his eyes.
Helene and Mille huffed past. Leopold trotted a few steps before them and sniffed the air.
Once they were safe, Madeline intended to let Luc know exactly how she felt about this turn of events. She didn’t appreciate the slight. She turned to follow the duo.
Luc cleared his throat.
She waited for him to catch up. “Why did you—”
“Shh.” Bending, he scooped up Mathieu. Her brother melted against Luc’s shoulder; his eyes fluttered closed.
She milked her fingers. “Don’t shush me. And just what are you doing? You need to rest.”
“So does this little guy.” Luc rubbed her brother’s back. “Besides, neither of us are as tired as Helene believes. If she is leading us into a trap, Mille will stop her before she gives us away.”
Madeline’s stomach cramped. She had a feeling Mille’s methods would be lethal. Then again, their lives were at stake.
Luc smeared mud on Mathieu’s coat. “I need you to be prepared. If worse comes to worse, I’ll give Mathieu to you and you run and hide. I’d suggest the ruins of a house. The Boches seem to think nothing can hide in crumbling buildings.”
She had a feeling his knowledge came from experience. She wasn’t keen on testing it, but the alternative was equally unpleasant. “I will.”
“Don’t pick the first wreck, but the third or fourth, if you can make it.” He started walking. His elbow brushed her arm.
She slapped at the tingles. She’d beat the attraction from her limbs if she had to. She’d promised to become a nun.
He slanted a glance in her direction.
“I’m cold.”
His eyes twinkled. “I know the cure for that.”
Don’t ask. Just don’t ask. “What’s that?”
“A fire. A shot of brandy. Or a warm bed.”
Her skin caught fire. Heavens, she hated her tendency to blush. He’d kept her warm last night. And they hadn’t needed a bed. What else didn’t she need a bed for? She shouldn’t think such things.
“Mille and I learned early on that if we wanted to keep warm, we needed to huddle together.” Luc winked at her over her brother’s back. “No matter how much he stunk.”
Hygiene wasn’t a laughing matter. Disease often followed dirt. She opened her mouth then shut it. Mud weighted her skirts, clung to her wooden shoes, adding extra kilograms to her weight. Being hunted by the enemy hardly left time for a good wash. She hated it.
Headlamps shone cones of light into the fading darkness. The rumble of an engine soon followed. A brighter light reached far ahead.
“Search lights!” Helene lowered Mille into the ditch. “Get down!”
Luc and Mathieu crouched low.
Madeline slipped on the mud. Her fingers raked the side of the ditch as she slammed to a stop next to him and her brother. Crouching below ground level, she groped for Luc’s hand.
He threaded his fingers between hers and squeezed gently.
The light tracked over the burned fields, skimmed along the edge of their hiding spot, before stopping above Mille and Helene’s position.
Please, don’t let them discover us. Please, don’t let them discover us.
A man stepped in front of the light. His distorted shadow twisted over the guide and private. “Come out now and I won’t shoot.”
Madeline’s attention whipped to Helene. The guide must have betrayed them. She’d led the way, straight into a Boche’s trap. She caught Madeline’s eye, motioned for them to stay down.
A gunshot rent the night.
Madeline held her breath.
Mathieu mewled and stirred in Luc’s arms.
She rubbed his back with her free hand. No, don’t wake up now. Don’t scream.
“This is your last warning,” the German yelled again.
Helene flashed her palm, motioned for them to stay down and still.
Madeline’s lungs burned. Stars twinkled in her peripheral vision. She needed to breathe. She needed—
The spotlight swept over her head.
Breathing could wait.
A car door slammed. Gears ground together. The light skipped ahead.
She sagged against Luc. A tremor seized her. Then another. She rested her forehead against his shoulder. How could he be so strong, so calm?
“The cabbageheads do that often. I’ve lost more than a score of soldiers to their tricks.” Helene helped Mille to sit. “Now we wait.”
“For what?” Luc’s words rumbled through Madeline.
“There’s always a second car ten minutes or so behind the first.” Helene sighed. “One day, they’ll change tactics and the King will lose more men until we can figure out their new methodology.”
Mille stared up at the sky. “I hope that car comes soon. Daylight is near.”
Madeline shivered. She hated daylight, hated what it brought. Why couldn’t the night last forever?
Helene pointed to a stand of alders a hundred meters away. “That’s the hospital boundary. No one can see through the hedge into the yard. We’re almost there.”
Almost didn’t count for much. Madeline steeled her muscles. She couldn’t give up now. Mathieu needed her.
Luc’s warm breath cascaded through her hair. “We’ll make it. I so swear.”
Her trembling ceased. If the car arrived in ten minutes, they would reach safety in fifteen. She counted time in Hail Marys and Our Fathers.
A deep throated grumble interrupted her thirty-second rendition. The spotlight prowled the ground overhead.
She sucked on her bottom lip, swirled the grit over her tongue.
Luc tensed.
This car didn’t stop. Eventually, the sound faded.
Helene raised her index finger. Her lips moved for several moments then stopped. Holding her shawl tight to her throat, she rose up and peered over the top of the ditch. “It’s safe.”
Heart in her throat, Madeline stood on numb legs. No bullets whizzed by her head. No spotlight snared her.
Still holding her hand, Luc tugged her forward.
Left. Right. Left. Mud sucked at her sabots. Her lungs exhaled white clouds.
Mille and Helene ducked under the hedge branches and stopped.
Leopold growled.
“We’ve been waiting for you.” A man spoke softly.



Chapter Twelve


The foreign accent crawled along Luc’s nerves. The guide must have betrayed them. So much for Mille’s plan to stop her from turning them over to the Germans. Four meters separated him, Madeline, and Mathieu from the hedge concealing the enemy.
Luc lay Mathieu on the ground above the ditch and turned to Madeline. His hands closed around her narrow waist. “Run across the field. Hide behind the hedges. Duck between the trees. Reach safety.”
Eyes wide in her chalky face, she nodded. Her hands found his, held on tight. “What about you?”
“I’ll be well.” His injury pinched his side when he lifted her. Releasing her, he stared at his palms. How could they be so empty? He shook off the thought. With luck, he could delay the pursuit of her, or maybe even convince the Boches that he and Mille had arrived alone.
Her lips parted and her forehead creased.
The alder hedge behind her rustled.
“Lift him out. Hurry.” A hoarse male voice pierced the breaking dawn.
Yellow leaves drifted to the charred field.
Crouching by her brother’s prostrate form, Madeline whispered into his ear. “Wake up, Mathieu.”
The seven-year old remained unmoving.
Her face scrunched. With a soft whine, she slid her arms under her brother and stood. In slow motion, she turned and headed across the torched wheat field.
“Where’s the other one?” The hoarse male growled. The dog, Leopold, growled back.
Their guide, Helene, shook her pants legs. “The other three are right behind us. Shush, Leopold.”
Luc’s nails dug into his palms. Three? Damn, the woman for turning them in for near certain death. She could have left Madeline and Mathieu out of this mess. He shifted, preparing to block the ditch and giving Madeline a chance. Motion caught his attention.
Madeline stumbled and veered to the right. Frost crunched and she pitched forward.
She needed him. Luc planted his hands on the side of the ditch. Cold mud squished between his fingers. Broken stalks snapped under his weight. He hefted a leg on the top.
“Take him inside,” a woman ordered. “Where are the others?”
“I don’t understand...” The traitorous Helene sighed. “They were right behind me.”
Luc dug his boots into the mud.
Ahead, Madeline cradled her brother and struggled to her feet.
A heavy thud sounded behind Luc. He winced.
The Boches had jumped into the ditch.
Luc didn’t have much time. He eyed the distance between Madeline and the next hedge. His stomach dropped into the field. Hundreds of meters separated them. She would never make it. Not unless he did something drastic. Whipping around, he raised his fists.
Two men ducked under the hedge and popped up on his side of the ditch. Suspenders held their trousers over their extended bellies. Buttons strained to hold the red plaid fabric over their corpulent torsos. Identical sets of brown eyes tracked him.
The twin on the right waved him over. “Come. The cabbageheads are busy today looking for their escaped prisoners.”
Luc blinked.
The one on the left beetled his furry brows. “Come. We must tend your wounds and get you safely hidden before they return for another inspection.”
Glued in place, Luc lowered his hands. The twins’ accent wasn’t German but something else. Could he trust them? An engine grumbled. Madeline! He turned back. He had to protect her!
She glanced over her shoulder then veered into a clump of wheat that still stood.
Mud sucked at Luc’s boots. He slipped on a patch of frost. Faster. Must move faster.
The engine grumbled louder.
Grunting and swearing sounded behind him.
Luc pumped his arms. He had to reach Madeline.
She plunged inside the wheat stand and disappeared inside the tall grain.
A loud splat sounded behind him. Mud pelted his back seconds before a hand wrapped around his ankle. The field rose up to meet Luc. He belly-flopped into a puddle and broke through the skin of ice. Cold water drenched his coat.
The hand on his ankle tightened and shook his leg. “Keep still. They might not see us from this distance.”
Unlikely. Luc knew the Boches carried field glasses. Very, very good field glasses. With daylight almost upon them, he was as good as discovered. He raised his head.
A low-slung touring car raced down the road. The American flag flapped from either side of the hood.
Not Germans after all. Luc rested his head on his forearm. Unfortunately, he wasn’t safe yet. He still had the twins to deal with.
“Just the Americans, out touring the battlefields.” One man grunted.
“I’d rather they toured with a gun in their hands and Boches in their sites.”
With his ankle still in the other man’s grip, Luc rolled over and raised his leg to kick his moon-shaped face.
Metal rattled. The hedge on his left shuddered then a gaping hole appeared in the line of vegetation. A woman’s form soon filled the opening. With the light behind her, he couldn’t make out her features, but she seemed unarmed.
“Baron Duplan! Is that any way to repay my hospitality?”
Luc froze. That voice! He knew that voice from the time of balls, house parties, and peace. He lowered his boot to the mud and wracked his brain for her name.
“Much better.”
A memory surfaced—croquet on the lawn, white linen tablecloths, and gleaming silver, all headed by a gargoyle of a woman in antiquated dress. “Countess de Nacht?”
“Of course.” She clucked her tongue. “But titles are meaningless at present. We are all Belgians now.”
Shaking off the hand on his ankle, Luc pushed to his feet and bowed. “My apologies, countess. I was unaware your chateau was our destination.”
“How could you? Helene wouldn’t have told you in case the Germans caught you.” She clapped her hands. “Frederic. Maurice. Please stop rolling about in the mud.”
Luc glanced from his hostess to the stand of wheat. “I’ll retrieve—”
“Nonsense. You will enter this house, clean up and have your wounds tended to, before the next round of inspections. Frederic, see to the girl and her brother.”
Shaking his head, Luc moved toward Madeline’s hiding spot. “She will not come out for your people.”
Pivoting on his heel, he slogged toward her.
“Obstinate man,” the countess yelled after him. “Frederic, see to the other one. At least, he is thankful for our assistance.”
Luc smiled.
Knowing Mille, he hadn’t wanted to interrupt his flirting with Helene, especially as she had proven her loyalty to King Albert.
Ahead of Luc, the strands of wheat stirred.
“Is it safe to come out?” Madeline called softly.
Luc increased his pace. “Yes.”
“Good.” Holding her brother in her arms, she emerged from the golden grain. Bits clung to her hair, clothes, and Mathieu’s blanket.
He held out his arms. “We need to get inside.”
Nodding, she shifted her brother into Luc’s arms.
No argument about his injury? Was she hurt? He scanned her. She didn’t appear so. “We’re safe here. I know the countess.”
“Countess?” Blinking rapidly, Madeline glanced down at her muddy skirts and hands.
“We’re all Belgians now.” Equal, especially under the boot heels of the Germans.
“I suppose.” She swatted at a loose curl, smearing dirt on her cheek. Her bundle of belongings thumped against her back as she trudged to the opening in the hedge. Tension rolled off her stiff shoulders.
He dug deep and found his manners. “I didn’t want to say this before, but you look beautiful.”
She frowned at him. “I’m covered in mud.”
“I have more mud than you. And I haven’t had a proper bath in months.”
“That’s different. You’re a soldier.” She kicked the hem of her long skirts. Green slime mixed with the brown bits of vegetation.
Mathieu flinched.
She set her hand on her brother’s head. “Did you see that?”
The little boy’s eyes fluttered closed and his breathing evened out.
“I’ll set him down once we are safe inside the yard.” Luc slowed so she could precede him.
The countess, dressed in black, leaned against the gate, holding it open. The twins had disappeared. “Oh, Oh, dear.” She surveyed Madeline from head to sabots. “I thought you were bringing your fiancée, Lucien Duplan. Who is this girl?”
“Madeline Thevenet.” She bobbed a quick curtsey before hustling through the gate. Avoiding the front, she headed for the back entrance.
Luc cleared his throat and followed his nurse, ignoring the questions in the older woman’s eyes.
“Countess Therese de Nacht, but you must call me Therese. Ceremony isn’t of much value now.” The countess secured the gate. “A hot bath is in order, then we’ll see to your wounds and find you breakfast.”
“Thank you.” Luc adjusted his hold on the little boy.
Swan topiaries guarded the marble balustrade surrounding the terrace. Red shutters bracketed the window of the three story, white brick building. Geese honked and darted around the dead lawn. Dying leaves clung to fruit trees that stood sentinel around the fallow gardens. Gargoyles leered down from the gothic eaves.
Beyond the handful of tables on the terrace, French doors opened. Five young men hustled outside. The two on the left were dark-haired. The two on the right cradled arms in slings. The middle man had pale blond hair. Gaston Cocard! The soldier had made it.
Luc hustled forward. “You’re alive.”
“We escaped from the Boches’ prisoner train yesterday.” Cocard grinned and nodded to the two men with the slings. Youth smoothed his jaw. A wispy mustache glistened on his upper lip. “Course, we’d probably have been captured if we hadn’t run into Louis.”
Madeline paused by the pond. “Gaston?”
Cocard paled. “Maddy!”
Lifting her skirts, she ran toward him.
Luc tightened his grip. Just how close were the two?
Mathieu mewled. His eyes flew open and he blinked. Then he opened his mouth and screamed.



Chapter Thirteen


Madeline stopped so fast, her sabots slipped on the frosted grass. Her arms windmilled to find her balance before she slammed to a stop against the marble balustrade surrounding the countess’s terrace. On the pond behind her, ducks quacked and rose in the air in a flutter of feathers.
Mathieu continued screaming.
Air plugged her lungs. Mathieu! Luc had said her brother would awaken from his sleepwalking state by screaming.
Four of the five soldiers on the terrace started toward her brother. Her neighbor and friend, Gaston Cocard, remained still as a statue.
Fists marked the ends of the arms of the dark-haired man on her right. His pencil thin mustache twitched like rat’s whiskers. “Silence that child!”
A clean-shaven dark-haired man followed close on the first man’s heels. “He’ll bring the Boches down upon us for sure.”
Gasping for breath, Madeline stumbled backward. She wouldn’t allow them to hurt her brother. Spinning on her heel, she lifted her skirts and raced to her brother.
Still in Luc’s arms, Mathieu fell silent. But his mouth gaped open in his red face as if he were drawing in breath for another round.
Luc twisted his body so her brother’s feet aimed toward the terrace and the strangers. “You will not touch him.”
A loud thud sounded behind her.
“Oh, sorry.” Mille drawled. “I’m not used to the crutch.”
Dead grass crunched under her wooden shoes. She had to reach Mathieu, had to, before he screamed again. The Germans were patrolling. They could arrive any minute. Five meters. Four.
The color fled his face. He raised his hand, pointing his finger beyond her.
What did he see? What did it matter?
“Mathieu!” Three meters away. Please, God. Please.
Her brother screamed.
“What is the meaning of this?” Striding behind Luc, the countess thumped her walking stick on the stone path. Jet beads winked at her throat. Black lace fluttered at her bony wrists.
Mathieu blinked and stopped screaming.
Madeline slid over the ground and bumped into Luc’s side.
Although lean, his body didn’t give an inch. Hissing, he dropped Mathieu’s feet and wrapped an arm around her waist, steadying her. “Are you hurt?”
Her body flushed with heat; a fire ignited deep inside her. She ignored it. Luc had a fiancée somewhere, and she had a brother who needed her. Yet, she couldn’t bring herself to pull out of his hold. She needed Luc’s strength, just a bit longer. “Mathieu. Mathieu, it’s Maddy. Mathieu.”
Still pointing, her brother stared at the terrace.
Clutching Luc’s sleeve, she turned to see what had caught his attention.
Gaston smoothed his blond hair and shifted behind the dark-haired man with the rat-whisker mustache.
Madeline eyed her brother. “You remember Gaston, don’t you, Mathieu?”
Mathieu’s button nose scrunched up and his lip curled. “He did it. He killed Mama and Papa. He killed my soldiers.”
God in Heaven. Her brother had witnessed the execution.
Luc’s fingers spasmed on her back.
Easing free of his hold, she braced her hands against her knees to be eye level with her brother. “Oh, no, Mathieu. It was the Germans.”
He shook his head. Honey-brown hair flapped over his forehead. “He brought them to our house.”
Was this disconnect normal? Her gaze slipped to Luc’s, seeking answers to her unspoken question.
A muscle ticked in Luc’s jaw. His attention remained riveted on Gaston.
The hair at her nape stood up. Violence thickened the air. Oh, bother. “Gaston brought the soldiers to our house. He knew we would keep them safe.”
But they hadn’t been safe. Someone in the village had betrayed them. Could it have been Gaston?
A tremor rippled up Mathieu’s slight frame. “He told, Maddy.” His chin wobbled. Tears sparkled at the corners of his green eyes before spilling over. “He told the cabbageheads about the soldiers, about Mama and Papa helping them.”
She shook her head. Gaston wouldn’t do such a thing. They’d known each other forever and had grown up together. He’d encouraged her to become a nurse despite being kicked out of the convent. He’d joined the Belgian army against his father’s wishes. She caught her bottom lip between her teeth.
Gaston’s father was a pacifist.
She pinned her blond neighbor with a look. “Gaston?”
He held up his hands. His eyes widened in his chalky face. “Maddy...”
Ohmygodohmygodohmygod. She clamped a hand over her mouth, felt the scream echo back down her throat. He had betrayed them.
Wrapping an arm around her shoulders, Luc reeled her against his side. “Seize Cocard.”
“No! Wait!” Gaston shouted. “I can explain. Maddy!”
The scuffling sound faded. Then a door slammed, shutting it out.
She squeezed her eyes closed and clamped her hands over her ears. Mama and Papa dead. And Gaston... He’d been so patriotic, joining the fight against the Germans. The knowledge hollowed her out, left her empty. How could she be so wrong? A dark emotion swirled into the void inside her. Bitterness flooded her tongue. Her hands shrunk into hard fists. She wanted to punch someone. No, not someone. She wanted to pummel Gaston.
“Don’t Madeline.” Luc’s warm breath caressed the shell of her ear. “Don’t allow yourself to hate him or you’ll let the Germans win.”
“Don’t?” She punched Luc instead. “Gaston may not have pulled the trigger but he killed my mother and father, just the same.”
“I know.”
“You don’t know. You don’t.” She hit him again. And again. How could she not hate Gaston? There was nothing else inside her.
Luc grunted and winced, but didn’t raise his hands in his defense or set her away.
“You don’t know.” Her arms grew tired. Her eyes burned with unshed tears. “You can’t know.”
Luc stroked her back. “All will yet be well, you’ll see.”
Her last strike clung to his chest and her fingers sprang open. No more. She couldn’t do this anymore. She sagged against him, a husk of a woman.
A throat cleared behind her. Lavender drifted on the air. “Now that you’ve cleared that from your system, we should retreat inside.” The countess shifted in a rustle of cotton. “I trust you will see to this most delicate matter, Baron Duplan?”
“Of course.” Luc stepped back and released Madeline.
Cold air rushed to fill the space he’d vacated. She shivered. Her bundle of belongings hung heavy against her hip. Then they shifted. What in the world?
Mathieu clung to her skirts. Strands of his hair stuck out of the mud caking his head.
Her chest tightened and she fell to her knees to hug him. God help her, she was a horrible person. She trusted a traitor, was attracted to an engaged man, and had completely forgotten about her brother.
With so many failings how could she ever fulfill her promise to her father and become a nun?
“Come along.” The countess ascended the six stairs to the terrace. “You must be cleaned up before the next German inspection.”
Madeline picked up her brother.
His thin arms wrapped around her neck and clung tight. “I’m scared, Maddy. I don’t want any more German ‘spections.”
“We’re safe now.” Luc had said they were. They had to be. But with Gaston in their midst...
Ahead of her, the countess opened the French door.
Madeline looked back before crossing the threshold.
Climbing the stairs, Luc raised a shiny bullet to the light and inspected it.



Chapter Fourteen


Luc splashed hot water on his face. Blood from the nick on his cheek serpentined down his skin to hang in a crimson droplet from his jaw. He blotted his face with a linen towel. He hadn’t been this clean since August. Not even the dip in the river had washed away the months of grime or the stench of war.
Draping the damp towel over the edge of the hamper, he donned a coarse blue shirt laid out for him. Perhaps he shouldn’t have cleaned up. He had dirty work ahead.
A traitor to deal with.
Gaston Cocard.
Luc resisted the urge to slam the shaving mirror to the floor. He’d traveled with the man for months. They’d shared fear, privation, and sacrifice.
Yet Cocard had turned Madeline’s mother and father over to German butchery after telling Luc and his men to take shelter there.
Now the Thevenets were dead.
His men were dead.
And something inside Madeline had broken.
Madeline. Gritting his teeth, Luc braced his hands on the sink and wrestled for control. She shouldn’t figure so much in his thoughts. Yet she persisted. Taking a deep breath, he straightened then left the bathroom and turned right.
Men’s voices drifted down the corridor.
Countess de Nacht had quartered the other soldiers in the ballroom. She glanced up as he passed the library. A large white flag with a red cross covered the bay window behind her. Removing the wire-rimmed glasses perched on her aquiline nose, she tapped them on the desk blotter. “I trust whatever you decide will not return to harm this hospital, Baron.”
“I give you my word.” He inclined his head.
But the extent of the harm to Cocard remained to be seen.
As the senior officer, Luc would dispense justice. Drumhead justice. Alas, by commandeering all the guns, the Boches made certain there would be no execution by firing squad. He knew other ways to kill a man, but one day he hoped to look in the mirror and not see— He shut down the thought and continued down the corridor.
The ballroom door flew open at his approach. Mille limped out. Water flattened his blond hair and darkened the plaid shirt stretched across his shoulders. “I was just coming to look for you.”
Luc unbuttoned his cuffs and rolled them up his arms. “Have they harmed Cocard?”
He wanted to spit, wash the name from his mouth, but refrained. The countess still looked upon him as a Baron, not a lieutenant.
Mille snorted. “No. They’re at each other’s throats and seem to have forgotten about the traitor.”
At each other’s throats? Why? Cocard wasn’t worth it. Luc’s blood pulsed at his temples. Perhaps the decision wouldn’t be so simple after all. He strode into the room.
Rows of six beds edged the sides of the ballroom. An equal number filled the center. White and red striped blankets were neatly tucked around the mattresses. A mishmash of tables stood between each bed, and an assortment of suitcases and hat boxes sat underneath for a patient’s belongings. Potted palms provided a green screen in front of the floor-to-ceiling windows.
At the far end of the room, near the double set of French doors, five soldiers gathered. Bound and gagged, Cocard sat on a dining room chair in the middle. On his right stood two stocky men with slings. They raised their fists at the dark-haired men on the left. The dark-haired men sneered and took turns casting aspersions on Cocard’s parentage, his sexual preferences, and his weak chin.
Luc rubbed his jaw. The traitor did have a weak chin, yet one of the dark-haired men hardly had any. Luc cleared his throat.
The four snapped to attention.
Cocard twitched in his chair. The gag muffled the words he offered.
“I am Lieutenant Lucien Duplan, Fifth Lancers. Please state your name.”
The first dark-haired man stepped forward. His pencil thin mustache twitched. “Phillipe Laigut, Carabinier.”
The second dark-haired man snapped off a salute. His tanned scalp appeared through the wisps of hair combed over the top of his head. “Karl Krauss, Infantry.”
Luc kept his expression neutral. German names were not uncommon in Belgium.
Stocky man number one adjusted his arm in his sling. Light brown hair stood in spikes from his square head. “Quentin Van der Ernst, transport.”
Adjusting his suspenders with his good hand, stocky man number two stepped forward. He raised his chin. “Jean-Paul D’Avignon, Garde Civique, Namur.”
Luc acknowledged the last man with a nod. The fort complex at Namur had suffered worse than at Liège.
The tap of Mille’s crutch preceded his arrival at Luc’s side. “André Mille, Infantry, Liège.”
Luc clasped his hands behind his back. “Ungag the accused and let us hear his story before we pronounce judgment.”
Not that Cocard could say much in his defense. Madeline’s brother had made a very convincing argument and Cocard’s own words had damned him.
D’Avignon shuffled forward. Using his good hand, he slid the gag off then adjusted his loose suspender again.
Cocard worked his jaw for a minute. “Thank you.”
“Owe you my life.” D’Avignon nodded. “If you hadn’t picked that lock, we’d be in some German prisoner of war camp by now.”
Cocard cleared his throat. Tufts of blond hair stood straight up around his square head. “I’m Gaston Cocard and I am not in the Belgian Army.” His gaze flew to Luc’s before dropping to the floor. “I arrived too late to enlist.”
Luc’s hands clenched. If Cocard wasn’t in the Army, did Luc have the authority to try him? He searched his memory for the appropriate international laws before he found one. He didn’t like it. He didn’t like these proceedings either. “Then you will be executed for impersonating a soldier in His Majesty’s Army.”
“No! You can’t do that!”
D’Avignon and his wounded companion moved closer to the traitor.
Their loyalty was troubling. Why didn’t they see Cocard for who he was? Luc marched in front of the five men, trying to drill home that this was a military matter, that they were in the military. “Furthermore, you aided the enemy and revealed soldiers’ location, subjecting them and those who helped them to a death sentence.”
The two dark haired men nodded. “Traitor,” they spat.
“I didn’t want to!” Cocard bounced in his chair. The legs squeaked across the marble floor. “I didn’t!”
D’Avignon crossed his arms over his chest. His brow furrowed.
Luc pointed at Cocard. “But you did, and now four people are dead. Four Belgian citizens. During times of war, we should stand united against our enemy, not help them exterminate us.”
“Three Belgians. Tommy was English.” Cocard’s face flushed red. His jaw worked but no words came out. For a moment, he looked so young.
“He was defending Belgium.” Luc felt contempt twist his features. “Which is more than I can say for a coward like you.”
Fabric whispered behind Luc and the hair on his neck stood up. Madeline. His gut clenched. She shouldn’t be here. None of them should. Damn Cocard, why couldn’t he have been loyal?
Her boot heels tapped across the floor. “It was your father, wasn’t it, Gaston? He made you do it.”
“Madeline, this is a—” Luc faced her. His breath snagged on his voice box, binding his ability to speak.
The electric lamps in the hall gilded her hair, cascading in a fall of honey curls over her shoulders. A blue cotton dress stretched across her ample bosom, narrowed around her tiny waist and flared again over her womanly hips. Shiny boots encased her shapely ankles.
Luc swayed on his feet. God in Heaven, how had she hid so much beauty?
Mille’s jaw dropped. “Maddy?”
She smiled at Mille. It didn’t reach her brown eyes. Then her attention rested on Luc and strain ironed the smile from her face. Gaze locked on him, she glided closer. “I understand you think this is a military matter, but it isn’t.”
Luc’s skin tingled. His thoughts had difficulty connecting with her words. And when she swayed her hips like that...
“This is a matter for everyone.” She stopped less than a meter away and clasped her hands. “We cannot forget mercy and compassion. We are Belgian, not German.”
The clean scent of soap and a soft floral fragrance surrounded him. She smelled of home. Home, a place he longed to be. And yet, his chateau never smelled like her.
She tilted her head to the side.
Obviously, she wanted a response. But to what?
“No, no we’re not.” Luc blinked. He gathered the loose ends of his thoughts and frantically tied them together. He was an officer and a nobleman. So why did he sound like a buffoon? “Germans, we’re not Germans.”
Her lips curved. Her eyes crinkled before she set her hand on his arm. “Thank you.”
Her touch branded him and caused his heart to do acrobatics inside his chest. What had he just agreed to?
“Gaston, tell us what happened after you left my parents’ house.” She slipped past Luc.
He followed as if tethered to her by some invisible force. Why was he allowing her to be involved in this tribunal? Because her parents had been killed? He glommed onto the easy answer, avoided the complicated one. She was destined for the convent and he had a fiancée.
Cocard jerked straight in his chair but his attention remained stuck on Luc.
Luc nodded. “Tell us.”
Scowling, the dark-haired men dropped into their seats and crossed their arms across their chest.
D’Avignon rested the pudgy fingers of his good hand on Cocard’s shoulder.
With a soft thump and scuffle, Mille offered Madeline his arm. Instead of accepting it, she braced hers underneath his and helped him limp to an unmade bed.
Luc bit the inside of his cheek. Madeline didn’t see Mille as a man, but a patient. Good.
Cocard strained against the bonds holding his arms to the chair. “After I dropped off...” His Adam’s apple dipped in his throat. “After I left the Thevenets, I went home to see my mother.”
Metal creaked as Madeline lowered Mille onto the cast-iron bedstead.
From the corner of his eye, Luc watched her set Mille’s crutch against the curved headboard, then drape a blanket over his leg. Mille was a grown man, not a toddler. She shouldn’t fuss over the fickle cad.
Cocard scooted his chair closer. White dotted his knuckles. “My mother had just put tea on the table when my father returned from the fields.” His nostrils flared. “Father took one look at me, grabbed me by the collar and threw me into the root cellar. Before I stopped rolling, I heard the latch slam into place.”
Betrayed by his own father? How could such a thing happen? Luc leaned against the footboard. “And did you escape?”
Had Cocard been tracked back to the Thevenets’ farm? No. Madeline’s brother had said Cocard had betrayed them. His involvement must be deeper than just an accident.
Cocard shook his blond head and slouched. “There wasn’t time. The Boches are always around. Papa found a group of them on the road, heading for Paris. He turned me in as a deserter.”
Luc’s fingers opened and closed. “And did you deny being a soldier?”
“No.” Cocard raised his chin. Red rimmed his eyes and tinged his nose. “I told them I was ready to die for my country.”
“So why didn’t you?” The dark-haired Laigut smoothed his pencil-thin mustache. “Then only one man would be dead instead of three.”
Madeline hissed. “And my mother.”
Shrugging, Laigut crossed his legs at the ankles and leaned back in his seat.
Cocard jumped in his seat. His arms strained against the ropes. “I wanted to. I was prepared to. I even stood against the side of the barn and the Germans’ pointed their weapons at me, fingers on the trigger. Bayonets ready.”
Skirts swished. Madeline stopped by Luc’s side. Her arm brushed his. “Why didn’t they kill you?”
“Father.” Cocard squeezed his eyes closed. “He said I was too simple to have survived on my own. The German officers didn’t care, but then father said I had to be traveling with others and that some villagers must be franc-tireurs. That changed everything.”
Luc rubbed his smooth jaw. The Germans feared franc-tireurs more than a bullet, more than death.
D’Avignon sighed. “Then what happened?”
The other soldiers leaned forward in their chairs.
Cocard blinked rapidly but two tears slid down his cheeks. “They threatened to kill Mother and Father.”
Madeline sucked in a breath and her fingers skimmed the back of Luc’s hand before holding on.
Luc squeezed gently. He was glad she made him listen to Cocard’s story. It didn’t change the number of dead, but it changed the verdict. “Did they?”
“They shoved Mother against the wall and held a gun to her head. Then Father said he would get me to talk.” Cocard studied his hands.
“The cane,” Madeline whispered.
Luc wished he had Cocard’s father in front of him. Then the dead would get justice. As it was... As it was, Luc had an impossible decision to make. Neither held the promise he could look his reflection in the eye anytime soon.
“I resisted as long as I could, then Father bayonetted Mother’s leg.” Cocard shrunk into his hunched shoulders. “I couldn’t let him hurt her because of me, not anymore.”
Madeline sniffed and swiped at her damp cheeks.
Luc’s arm twitched with the need to pull her close, to comfort her. He held his limbs stiffly at his side. Cocard could still be lying.
Dark-haired Laigut clapped. “Nice fairy tale but I don’t see any marks on you. The old graybeard couldn’t have hit you that hard. I think you’re lying to save your miserable hide.”
Resisting the urge to punch Laigut’s mustache off his sneering face, Luc stepped forward. “Untie Cocard.”
D’Avignon stooped, retrieved a knife from his boot and sliced through the ropes lashing Cocard to the arms of the chair. Once his legs were free, D’Avignon spun the accused around and lifted Cocard’s wool shirt. His back was purplish-black with raised red welts criss-crossing it.
The savagery and by his own father... Luc dragged a hand down his face. How could he execute the man now? But to let him live could expose the countess and the others helping lost soldiers return to their battalions.
Mille swore. D’Avignon and two other soldiers sucked in a breath. Only Laigut seemed unaffected.
“Heavenly Father.” Madeline stepped forward.
Luc caught her skirt and reeled her back.
She bumped into his chest, wrapped her arms around his waist to steady herself. “Gaston needs medical attention.”
Cocard clawed at the shirt, shoving it down. “It doesn’t hurt Maddy. You know I’m used to it.”
Was he? Luc checked her face.
She bit her lip and nodded once. Tears sparkled like diamonds on her lashes.
Laigut twisted the ends of his thin mustache. “So Cocard was beaten. Doesn’t change what he did. He’s a traitor and a liar, impersonating a Belgian soldier. He needs to be hanged.”
D’Avignon reached for Cocard, then yanked his hands away. “He saved me and Quentin’s lives. Didn’t have to, but he did.”
“That’s right.” Quentin scratched his splinted arm and winced. “He led us to the forest, and we hid until Louis came along. Even found us a rabbit to eat. Best meal I had in weeks.”
Luc’s mouth watered at the thought of food. Cocard’s skill had fed him and his men more than a few times in the last two months. His attention cut to the dark-haired infantryman, Krauss.
Krauss eyed Cocard before picking at a cuticle. “Seems like a man shouldn’t be blamed for what he says or does on account of torture.”
Luc nodded. Three against and one for execution.
Mille strangled his crutch. “We’re not the Boches. We’re civilized. We’re Belgians.”
Four to one. Luc straightened. Yet the decision came down to him. He was an officer. He was also a noble, and his father had once been Burgomaster.
Madeline turned her face to his—a flower to the sun. “I know this is war. I know Gaston’s actions resulted in death.” She drew a shaky breath. “I know he needs to be punished. But this is still Belgium, we still have our laws... Please, please, do the right thing.”
She kissed his cheek, her lips soft as a hummingbird’s wings, then picked up her skirts and fled.
Luc traced the tingling mark. He wanted to do the right thing. But what was the right thing? The rules had been turned topsy-turvy. “If Cocard lives, he could expose everyone here. People we owe a life debt to.”
Cocard rose from his chair. The legs squeaked on the marble. “I wouldn’t.”
“You already have betrayed comrades once.” Luc pointed to the seat.
Laigut rubbed his hands together. “So we hang him then?”
Luc’s skin itched. The man was a bit too blood-thirsty. Had the war turned Laigut into a gleeful murderer, or was it something else? Either way, Luc didn’t want Madeline in his presence longer than necessary. “No, Cocard won’t be executed.”
The man sagged in his chair.
D’Avignon patted him on the shoulder.
Cocard winced but didn’t move away.
Cocard’s father had much to account for. Luc vowed to see the graybeard brought to justice once the war ended. “Neither can he be allowed to go free.”
Cocard sat forward. “I can fight. I’m a real good shot.”
Laigut’s mustache twitched. “He’d shoot us in the back.”
Luc doubted it. If Cocard really had been a traitor, he’d had plenty of opportunity to betray them on the march from Liège. But he hadn’t. That didn’t mean Luc wanted to see his face again. Or trusted him. “We’ll take him to Holland with us and turn him in as a soldier. Given the Dutch’s neutrality, Cocard will be a prisoner of war until the Germans are kicked out of our country.”
The solution was perfect. Except... Damn. Someone would have to stay with Cocard.
D’Avignon straightened his sling. “I volunteer. I’ll cross with him and turn myself in to the Dutch.”
His fellow escapee, Van der Ernst, stood next to Cocard. “I will as well. A Dutch camp has to be better than a cabbagehead’s. Besides, my arm’s busted. I won’t be fighting anymore anyway.”
Thank God, that was settled. Luc turned on his heel and headed for the hallway. “I’ll tell Countess de Nacht to make the arrangements.”
Then he’d find Madeline. He was certain his injury needed tending. Just as he reached the corridor, tires crunched on the gravel. Outside, Leopold howled and scratched at the door.
A nurse hustled around the corner. Eyes wide in her pale face, she raced toward him. “Hide. You must all hide.”



Chapter Fifteen


Sunlight streamed through the second story windows of the countess’s chateau turned Red Cross hospital. Four beds occupied the large bedroom. Two were made up, the others had their mattresses rolled against the headboard. Madeline stood in a patch of sunlight and stared down at her sleeping brother. Would he forgive her for asking Luc to spare Gaston’s life? Would he understand that Mama and Papa would have wanted them to be free of the hate and the burden of Gaston’s death?
Would she? Inhaling deeply, she bent and smoothed the red and white blanket over her brother. The soft wool sucked the moisture from her palms. She didn’t want Gaston dead, precisely. Yet she wanted justice for her parents, for their execution.
And she wanted Papa’s forgiveness for being a nurse without becoming a nun.
She would never have one without the other. She smoothed Mathieu’s hair off his forehead. His cowlick flapped it back over his eyes. At least, she still had her brother.
Others had not been so fortunate.
“Madeline!” Luc’s shout echoed down the long hall.
Luc! Her heart beat triple time. He wouldn’t be calling for her unless something was wrong. After a quick check to verify that Mathieu still slept, she crossed the room. Her footfalls resounded in the bedroom turned ward before she reached the corridor.
“Sir, you must hide in the garret.” Nurse Polly’s voice rose on the last word.
Hide? Madeline stumbled. Had the Boches found them? She thought they were supposed to be safe here. She retraced her steps. She had to reach her brother. She had to save him.
“I must find Madeline.” Boots pounded on the steps.
“Baron Duplan.” The countess commanded attention.
A car door slammed outside. Guttural voices pelted the closed window panes.
Madeline glanced out the window. In the courtyard below, men in German uniforms exited a long black car. The Boche flag waved from the front. Bending over, she scooped up her brother.
He whimpered in her arms.
Hide. She must hide. Her gaze flew around the room. Beds and tables. A sink on the wall. Not a wardrobe in sight.
A man’s voice drifted down the corridor.
Luc! He will know what to do. She raced for the hallway. A dog howled. A sharp rap thumped on the door. No, no, the Germans couldn’t come in yet. Her heart raced. Her mouth dried. She needed a place to hide Mathieu.
Whisper soft footsteps sounded in the corridor.
She choked back a sob. Luc wouldn’t hide without her, would he? She rounded the corner and drew up short.
Countess de Nacht shook out her black crepe skirts. Over the rim of her gold glasses, she peered at Madeline. Blue-veined hands motioned Madeline back into the room. “Ah, Sister, I was just coming to check on our overnight guest.”
The knocking sounded again. Louder. Shouts followed and the glass knob rattled.
“Do answer the door, Multon. Whoever it is doesn’t like to be kept waiting.” The countess held her hand over the railing. Slowly she folded one finger down, then the other.
“Very good, Madame.” The butler’s sonorous reply vibrated through the corridor.
Madeline stepped back into the room and bit her lip to keep from screaming. Germans stood at the door and she had no papers and no place to hide. She hugged Mathieu to her chest. Please, God, keep them safe. Luc’s face popped into her mind. Keep them all safe.
The countess swept into the room, a white bundle swinging from her right hand. “Put that child down and put this on. Hurry, we don’t have much time.”
Madeline laid her brother on the bed then accepted the folded cloth. She shook out the coarse fabric, noted the hand-stitched red cross on the brassard. With one hand, she buttoned the emblem on her upper arm. “Are the others safe?”
“Of course. The baron must return to service.” Countess de Nacht tucked the blankets around Mathieu.
Thank God. Madeline made the sign of the cross. One problem solved. “What about us?”
“Mathieu is our patient, found alone in the ruins of a house in the village. You are a nurse.” The countess smoothed her steel-gray hair into the severe bun at her nape. “The Germans don’t care much for our nurses.”
Hobnailed boots drilled into the marble foyer. “Do you not read the posted Avis? Belgians are forbidden to lock their doors.”
“My apologies.” The butler, Multon, drolled. “We’ve had riff-raff barging in at all hours.”
The countess rolled her eyes. “He would provoke a sleeping bear. Stay here, and try not to act too much like a farmer’s daughter.”
Madeline stiffened. She was a farmer’s daughter. Working the land was honest work, God’s work. Just like healing the sick even without a habit. Oh, Papa, why couldn’t you have forgiven me without conditions?
“Are you calling a German officer riff-raff, little Belgian?” Threat laced the deep voice.
“Do not cry. Do not show any weakness.” Countess de Nacht snapped before turning on her heel and marching from the room.
Madeline sniffed and blinked her burning eyes. She hadn’t any more tears left, and even if she did, she couldn’t spend them on herself. Others were suffering far more than she. Crossing to the nightstand, she removed the basin and walked toward the pedestal sink mounted in the corner of the room.
“Wait outside, Kleinsmidt.” The first German barked.
She shivered. The Boche at the Mill had sounded just like that. Twisting the tap, she shoved the basin under the faucet. Pipes hummed and thumped before rusty water spat into the bowl. She removed a hand towel from the stack on the sideboard and dipped it into the water. Cold stung her fingers. If they wanted a sick child, she’d give them one. Or at least one that appeared sick.
The front door banged shut. Windows rattled. Shouts sounded outside.
Had all the Boches left? She wouldn’t look. Germans didn’t reward curiosity in Belgians. Staying clear of the window, she trudged to her brother’s side, set the basin on the nightstand, then quickly tied an apron around her waist.
“Countess de Nacht, you know locking doors is forbidden.” Although, the German officer spoke softly, his words slithered up the stairs like a predatory asp.
“My apologies, Colonel. We’ve had medicines stolen and I ordered our stores locked up. I’m afraid my servants misunderstood and locked the doors.”
How could the countess sound so calm? There were German soldiers and Belgian soldiers in her house. If the latter were discovered.... Madeline wrung the washcloth until her hands shook.
“See that it doesn’t happen again. Another officer might not be so understanding.”
“Of course.” The countess remained firm, yet detached. “And I do appreciate your forbearance in this matter.”
Madeline gagged. The Germans’ rules were ridiculous. Locking doors was the right of every Belgian citizen, even if they hadn’t needed to before the cabbageheads arrived.
“I shall begin today’s search upstairs.” Boots tapped on the curved staircase.
She daubed the cold cloth onto her brother’s forehead and neck.
Mathieu stirred and pushed her hand away.
“Shh. Everything will be well.” She murmured. “You’re safe.”
The steps grew louder.
Her mouth dried. She quickly wet the towel again and stroked Mathieu’s forehead.
He thrashed in the bed.
A door opened and closed, two rooms away. “No patients today?”
She flinched. One more door and the Colonel would see her. Of course, the door was open...
“One patient. A neighbor found him in the ruins of his home.” The countess spoke over jingling keys. “As you know, this is the dispensary. The door is locked.”
The officer grunted then a scratching noise followed. “Now you have permission to lock this door, with the understanding that you will open it upon request.”
“Naturally.” Hinges squeaked.
A moment passed, then two. The door snicked shut. The footsteps grew louder.
Madeline swiped Mathieu’s forehead and neck. He reached out blindly and shoved at her hand. “Shh, you’re safe.”
A shadow stretched across the room. She swallowed the knot in her throat and focused on her brother. They would be safe. Please let them be safe.
The Colonel stood in the doorway. “Is this the patient you spoke of?”
Cotton skirts swished; the countess had entered the room. “Yes, I’m afraid I don’t have papers for him. There is a question as to whom he actually belongs, but once we identify him, we’ll present him for papers.”
“And the girl?”
The hair on Madeline’s neck brushed her collar. She didn’t have papers either, and she doubted the colonel would be as understanding. She dipped the cloth in the basin. One more swipe of the cold water and Mathieu’s skin should be sufficiently cold and clammy to indicate a broken fever.
“Madeline LaMont.” Papers crinkled.
From the corner of her eye, she watched Countess de Nacht present a handful of papers to the colonel.
“She joined us from Brussels. I understand Count von der Goltz closed the hospitals.” The countess polished her glasses before sauntering over.
“The hospitals were not needed.”
Surprise widened her eyes and her attention stuck on Madeline’s face. “Has his fever broken?”
“Yes, although I’ve yet to record it, Madame.” Madeline finger-combed her brother’s hair before standing with the basin. “He has become restless. I believe we are in for more of his screaming terrors.”
“Screaming terrors?” Tapping her papers against his palm, the officer strode closer.
Madeline froze. She would have to travel past him to reach the sink and empty the basin. If he touched her... A tremor traveled up from the pads of her feet.
“Nightmares.” The countess tucked the blankets back around Mathieu. “He kept the household awake most of the night with his screams. It put us off schedule, I’m afraid, and kept poor Madeline up all night.” The countess lifted the bowl from Madeline’s arms. “You should rest. You’ll be expected on night duty at six this evening.”
Madeline bobbed a curtsey. “Yes, Madame. Thank you, Madame.”
Keeping her focus on the wooden floor, she stepped toward the door.
Shiny black boots shifted into her path. “A moment if you please.”
To still her shaking hands, she smoothed the creases in her apron. “Yes, sir.”
“Look at me, child.”
Slowly, she raised her gaze up the muscular thighs, the shiny pistol at his hip, the polished bags hanging from his belt. Over the wide shoulders and thick neck, to his square jaw, clean-shaven upper lip, and stopped at his ice blue eyes. He was younger than she’d expected, not much older than Luc.
But just as deadly. Just as determined.
No crying. No fear. She was a Belgian. “Yes, sir.”
The officer’s lips twitched, softened the angles and planes for just a moment. A deceitful moment.
She could almost hear the trap being laid. He would try to trip her up, get her to reveal something best concealed.
Tapered fingers drew level with her stomach, her chest, her jaw. They inched closer.
She turned her head, pulling back slightly. If he touched her, she would scream.
He tugged on one curl, let it spring back over her shoulder. “Is it common for nurses to wear their hair down in Antwerp?”
Raking her hair into a ponytail, she dragged it over one shoulder, keeping it beyond his reach. “My apologies, Madame. I did not mean to leave it down.”
“Nonsense.” The countess tsked before setting her hand on Madeline’s shoulder and ushering her toward the door. “You were soaked almost as much as the boy after his bath. Now go and rest.”
“A moment.” The colonel’s hand hovered just above Madeline’s forearm. “You did not answer my question, Sister.”
She raised her chin and looked him in the eye. “Although I have not served in a clinique in Antwerp, I believe the dress code would be the same as in Brussels. My apologies, again, Madame, for appearing out of uniform.”
The countess shoved her out the door. “Cook has kept breakfast. Try to eat before you retire. The warmth from the stove should dry your hair, so you don’t catch cold.”
“Thank you, Madame.” Madeline curtsied again. Every muscle in her body twitched. She wanted to run, to flee to safety, but she measured each tread—not too fast or too slow. Her normal pace, so he wouldn’t become suspicious.
Hobnails scratched the wood.
Her skin prickled.
The colonel was watching. “Come, Countess, I must finish my search. I know those escaped prisoners are close.”

#

Madeline cut the fried egg into neat squares. Yolk oozed a yellow puddle across her plate. She speared a piece, watched the whites flop over her fork then tucked it into her mouth. The egg dissolved into paste. She forced herself to chew, to swallow down the bite.
And keep it down.
Smoke fogged the window.
A Boche puffed on a cigarette on the other side. His gaze was a violation.
She kept her bottom still in the chair. She’d shower later. After the Germans left. If the Germans left. It had been over an hour. Her grip tightened on the utensils until her fingers tingled. She forced them to relax. The Germans would leave. They had to.
The cook trundled around the kitchen. Pans clanged when he dropped them on the stove tucked in the corner of the large room. Sable curls framed his oval face. Cook stopped in front of the table where Madeline forced down the plate of food. “Do you think the boy will be up for eating lunch?”
The Boche drew on his cigarette. A red eye flared in her peripheral vision.
“Yes, but I’m sure Madame will wish for his meal to be light.”
“Soup it is.” Cook’s thick fingers danced over the array of knives on the wooden surface. After a moment, he selected a shiny butcher knife and dragged a half-carved leg of lamb toward him. Light caught the blade when he raised it over his head.
She flinched when the cleaver hacked through the bone, shearing off knuckle-sized pieces.
He raised his hand for another whack. Then another. And another. His whole body wiggled like a soufflé about to fall.
The repetition became a rhythm, lulling her to sleep. Grit filled her eyes. Sleep weighted her limbs. She swayed on her chair, jerked away. Just a little longer. Then the Boches would be gone, and she could check on Luc and Mathieu. She forced down another bite.
Cook scooped a severed cabbage head from the basket of vegetables on the prep table behind him. “Your admirer has left.”
“He has?” She twisted in her chair. No smirking face stared back at her, just a skin of grime on the glass. “Do you think the rest have left?”
Boots pounded on the hall outside.
“Not yet.” Cook reached for a colander above the copper sink.
The kitchen door swung open and the colonel strode through. “Ah, Mademoiselle LaMont, still awake I see.”
Madeline raised the last bite of egg. “I have to finish my breakfast.”
Swapping out his butcher knife for a chopping one, Cook pointed the tip at her. “She is too skinny.”
The colonel arched an eyebrow. Heat defrosted the ice of his eyes. “On the contrary, I think her figure is nearly perfect.”
Oh, no, not again. The fork slid from her fingers and crashed onto her plate. Yellow dotted her apron. Her stomach clenched. “I— I—”
She slapped one hand over her mouth and stumbled out the back door. She made it two meters before delivering her breakfast to the base of a rose bush. Thorns snatched at her hair.
“That was a most unexpected reaction.”
“Not all of your countrymen behave as gentlemen, Colonel.” The countess appeared at Madeline’s side with a glass of water.
She accepted it and rinsed out her mouth. Bah, the food hadn’t tasted better the second time around. Such a waste. Wiping her mouth on her handkerchief, she straightened.
“No, I suppose not all can resist such a temptation.” The colonel tugged on his gloves, then formed them around his fingers. “I suggest you keep this one close. Your position should provide her with sufficient protection. If not, other arrangements can be made.” His gaze never left Madeline’s face. “Until next inspection.”
With a click of his heels and a curt bow, he left.
The countess followed. “I do hope the sight of your men haven’t frightened off the sick villagers.”
The door swung shut muffling the colonel’s reply.
Madeline staggered back into the kitchen. “Thank God.”
“Don’t be thanking Him just yet, Sister.” Cook chopped a handful of carrots. “They’ll leave a man behind to snoop for an hour or so then swing ‘round to pick him up. That escape has the Boches in an uproar. They don’t like to lose.”
A yawn caught her unawares and she swayed on her feet.
“To bed with you now.” Cook swept the chopped meat and vegetables into his pot. “If anything exciting happens, they won’t let anyone sleep.”
“I will try to sleep now.” She shuffled down the hall to the room she’d bathed in earlier. Leopold stared at the window but thumped his tail. Madeline collapsed onto the bed. A draft stirred the ashes in the fireplace. She pulled the blanket over her. Mathieu would be well. Her eyes sealed shut. The colonel hadn’t found Luc or the others. They were safe.
Just as she sank into oblivion she detected a whiff of cigarette smoke.



Chapter Sixteen


What could be taking so long? Luc rested his head on the quarried rock of the circular garret. The scents of carbolic, onions, and feet pervaded the stale air. His six companions shifted on the cold stone floor. No one said anything. Words could get them all killed. A thin wall separated their hiding space from the countess’s ballroom turned hospital ward.
Tugging his watch out of his pocket, Luc held the face up to the light filtering through the ivy-covered window in the story above. Three hours. What was happening in the countess’s chateau? Had the Boches harmed the old gargoyle? Her servants?
A chill seeped into his marrow.
Had the cabbageheads taken Madeline hostage?
He drummed his fingers on his shaking thigh. Madeline had to be well. He’d promised her uncle he’d protect her. He should have insisted she hide with him in the garret. But there hadn’t been time. Time... He snapped his watch closed and tucked it into his pocket.
Mille’s soft snores filled the dim room.
Luc elbowed him in the side.
Snorting, Mille mumbled then cleared his throat. “Sorry.”
He should be. How could he sleep at such a time? Madeline was out there, unprotected. Madeline for whom Mille had professed affection. Luc tugged his watch out again. Three hours, three minutes. He glared at the dark rectangle marking the exit. Come on. Let us out of here.
A heartbeat passed. Then two. Then ten.
The door remained firmly shut.
He twisted the watch chain around his finger until the tip tingled.
Mille nudged him. “We would have heard bullets, if the Boches suspected them.”
Across the room, Cocard grunted. “We would have been hauled out and shot, if the Boches suspected them.”
“Shh.”
Luc stiffened. That had to be Old Rat Whiskers, Laigut. The dark-haired man made Luc’s teeth itch. Holland’s border would be a journey in patience with Laigut tagging along, especially if Cocard joined them. As soon as Luc checked on Madeline, he would make arrangements for them to travel separately.
Footsteps sounded on the marble floor. Not hobnailed boots. Something lighter. Or someone lighter...
Luc leaned forward, resting his wrists on his folded knees.
The person halted just on the other side of the secret door. A moment later, it eased silently open and sunlight poured into the round room.
“It is safe to leave.” A woman whispered.
If it was safe, why was she whispering? He shoved his doubts aside. Madeline. He had to check on her. After leaping to his feet, he crossed the meter distance to the exit.
The nurse, Polly, fell back. Water stained her pinafore, darkening the red of the cross stitched to her bosom.
“Where are they?” He halted just inside the ballroom. The chairs they’d used for the tribunal had been returned to their proper position besides the beds. No trace of the ropes used to bind Cocard remained on the floor. No crease marred the blankets on all twenty-four beds in the room. The ward looked uninhabited. So why had the Germans stayed so long?
“Gone.” Polly picked at the dry skin near her cuticle. “The butler kept watch from the attic. The car swung around to pick up their spy not more than five minutes ago.”
Luc swore under his breath. The Germans really wanted Cocard and his two companions. Too bad Luc couldn’t just hand them over. Their journey to the border would be so much easier if he could. “And Madeline?”
Polly lowered her lashes.
His skin tightened. His nails dug into his palms. “Where is she?”
Without waiting for an answer, he loped across the room. He should have insisted Madeline accompany them into hiding. What would he tell her uncle? What would he tell the sisters at the convent? How could he ever stand upright while bearing the guilt?
“She’s unharmed.” Polly’s voice echoed in the silent ballroom.
Unharmed or untouched? Sweat slicked his brow. When Luc thought of what nearly happened at the mill... He could take on the whole German army. He clenched his jaw. Reaching the corridor, he turned left toward the center of the house. Where could Madeline be? Upstairs with Mathieu. He glided over the marble floor in the hallway. Paintings and tapestries stared back at him. He kept his focus on the stairs. They would take him to the upper level, to Madeline.
Countess de Nacht appeared in the doorway of her study. “Ahh, Baron, I—”
He slowed as he passed. “Where’s Madeline?”
She blinked behind her gold-rimmed glasses. “Sleeping, I imagine. Just as you should be.”
He waved her away. He hadn’t needed much sleep since the fort surrendered. He certainly couldn’t sleep until he saw Madeline with his own eyes. Reaching the staircase, he rested his hand on the curling marble bannister. “Upstairs with her brother?”
Was it the second door on the left or the third?
The countess removed her glasses and fogged the lenses before swiping an embroidered handkerchief over the glass. “No. Given the interest the colonel showed in her, I thought it best to have her rest in the room off the kitchen. Cook is looking after her.”
Luc slapped the newel post. Dammit, he should have known another cabbagehead would show an interest in her. Performing an about-face, he marched toward the back of the house. If he remembered correctly, the kitchens opened onto the vegetable garden on the side.
Heels tapped sharply behind him. The countess followed him at a slower pace. “Baron, I believe we have arrangements to discuss.”
“We do.” He opened a polished door between the formal parlor and the sun room. Lime green paint splashed the walls. Wear marks cut a path along the beige runner. The servants hall. He nearly crowed with delight. The kitchen had to be close. “But I have something to do first.”
Mainly to make sure no Boche officer had touched Madeline.
Once he’d assured himself of her safety, maybe he could think of leaving this place. Hell, maybe he could think of something besides her.
“Baron, I—”
He shut the door in his hostess’s face. First things first. The smell of boiled meat, cabbage and potatoes guided Luc. His stomach grumbled. Food could wait. He quickened his pace. Singing drifted out the last door on the left. Luc entered the room.
Cook looked up. Flour coated his thick, hairy arms. He smacked the ball of dough on the wooden table in front of him and jerked his head to a low door next to the stove. “She’s in there. Sleeping.”
Luc inclined his head. “Thank you.”
Skirting the prep table, he reached the oven. Heat radiated from the cast-iron monstrosity. Steam slipped from the covered soup pot. He set his hand on the ceramic doorknob and took a deep breath.
A dog woofed softly.
He knew that dog. The door swung silently open. A scarred dresser and spindly chair lined the far wall. A large stainless steel basin hung from a hook opposite the narrow cot.
Curled on her side, Madeline slept on top of the faded quilt. Honey-colored curls covered her face.
Luc sagged against the jamb. She was unharmed.
Leopold stretched out along the cot near her booted feet. The dog peeked at Luc before closing his eyes again.
Some guard dog. Entering the room, Luc leaned over Madeline, untied her boots and set them on the floor. Thick woolen socks bunched around her trim ankles. He quickly tucked her skirt hem over her feet then draped a knitted blanket over her.
She mumbled.
“Shh.” Luc swept the curls off her face. “I’ll keep you safe.”
She sighed into her pillow. The lines left her forehead.
He backed out of the room. “Guard her.”
Leopold opened one eye then shut it. He woofed softly then wiggled his bottom closer to her feet.
The dog would be useless after this. Madeline was spoiling him, making the canine soft. Making them all soft. Nurse Polly tending Luc’s side hadn’t been nearly as attentive as Madeline. Polly’s hands had been cold, her nails had scratched him once, and she’d tied the knot with a jerk. As different from Madeline’s ministrations as night from day. So why was he smiling?
He turned on his heel.
The countess blocked the door. Arms crossed and lips pursed as if she’d sucked a particularly sour lemon. “War is no reason to lose your manners, Baron Duplan.”
It was as good as any. Luc strode forward. “I gave my word to keep her, them, safe.”
Countess de Nacht retreated a step.
He eased around her. Heat seared his skin where he touched it to the oven. “The boy is upstairs?”
“Sleeping. Of course, since you doubt my word, you may wish to see for yourself.”
“I trust you.” Luc eased the door closed behind him. The latch didn’t catch and it inched open. He left it. The countess and he would leave. “The last time I’d left them unattended something... unpleasant... nearly happened to her at the hands of German officers.”
The countess arched her white eyebrows. “That kind of thing does not happen in my house.”
That kind of thing happened wherever and whenever the Boches liked. They had the guns. Luc bit his lip, trapping his reply. “Nevertheless, I needed to see. Sister Polly had said a colonel had paid special attention to Madeline.”
“Your concern for those in your care is admirable, Baron.” The countess didn’t budge from her spot. “But I would caution you against appearing too solicitous toward the girl. Such attention might engender false hopes in her naive bosom.”
Hopes? What an inadequate way to say love. Madeline would never describe love that way. She was passionate about everything she did—nursing, her brother, her family. Her entire face flamed with vitality and her smile...
Not like him, at all.
He’d allowed his mother to pick his bride, arranged their meetings as she had her parties. And he hadn’t cared, because it hadn’t mattered.
Not to him.
And his fiancée hadn’t seemed to mind the schedules, social boundaries and behaviors to be obeyed.
Luc minded now.
The countess tapped her glasses on the prep table. “You must remember who and what you are.”
Heat prickled his face. His title, she meant. “I thought we were all Belgians now.”
“In most ways, yes.” She perched her eyepieces on her nose. The lenses magnified her eyes. “But in other ways, the ways that matter, no. You are an officer in the Belgian Army and a nobleman. The Boches would like nothing better than to capture and make an example of you.”
Cook ducked his head and kneaded the lump of dough.
Clasping his hands behind his back, Luc slid behind him and walked toward the door. “I am aware of my value as an item of propaganda.”
“And as a fiancé? Laure didn’t know if you were alive or dead until news of your impending arrival at the Thevenets’ farm reached us. We had believed you perished at Liège.”
Luc wasn’t certain Laure cared. She hadn’t been there to see him off. She’d preferred to spend their last hours together out riding with another man. He threw open the door to the hallway.
The countess called after him, “I would gladly turn in a thousand Madelines to save one of you.”
“Don’t say that!” He stomped down the hall. The countess talked about manners. But where was the breeding in valuing one life over another?
Her heels clicked behind him. “Just what is your relationship to this...this peasant girl? Is that boy really her brother?”
He skidded to a stop. God, had some people always been so petty before the war? Perhaps some good could come from this nightmare. He spun about and faced the gargoyle. “Mathieu and Madeline are brother and sister. The presence of my men resulted in her parents’ execution. If they had stayed they would have been killed too. I am responsible for bringing them to Holland. Both are my responsibilities. Just like Mille. And just like Cocard.”
Damn his craven soul.
The countess hurrumphed. “Not just like those men.”
Luc raked his fingers through his short hair. His scalp burned as strands were ripped out. “No, Madeline is to join a convent and finish studying to be a nurse. She’ll be able to take care of her orphaned brother then.”
“A nurse, you say?”
“Yes. And she’ll be a damned good one, too.” He hated that she had to become a nun to do it. A convent would crush her spirit. And yet he could think of no way to set her free. Sometimes promises caused more damage than bullets. As for Mille and his fickle devotion to Madeline, Luc would die before he allowed them to wed.
He shoved open the door from the servants’ hall and stormed into the reception area.
Laigut and Krauss shrugged on their coats. Tool boxes rested on the marble near their boots. Laigut’s mustache twitched when he spied Luc.
Still a rat. Luc braced his hands on his hips. “Where are you two going?”
“They’re heading for Brussels.” Cotton swished as the countess sashayed toward them.
Luc blinked. Had the world gone mad? No, they all looked sane. Maybe he’d fallen asleep in the garret and this was a dream. “The Boches are searching everywhere for their escaped prisoners and you’re sending two Belgian soldiers outside. During the day.”
A smile smoothed the wrinkles from the countess’s lips. “I’m not sending two soldiers. Meet Pierre and Robert, carpenters.” She handed each man a set of papers as she stated their fake names. “The Germans only search for sneaking and creeping people, they rarely bother those walking right under their noses.”
A throbbing started at the base of Luc’s skull and engulfed his head. “I must be dreaming.”
No, not a dream. A nightmare. In full color.
“We have done this before, under more trying conditions.” The countess ushered the two dark-haired soldiers to the door. “There are scouts and watchers ahead who will lead them to safety, should the need arise.”
Laigut smoothed his mustache. “We’ll be fine. You’re the one left behind with a traitor.”
“Bon voyage.” Luc almost hoped the rat was apprehended. Almost. German hospitality wasn’t something he’d wish on any Belgian. He waited until the men left, then stood by the window.
A third man joined them at the street. Tool boxes swinging, they merged with the trickle of folks streaming toward Brussels.
“We have been moving soldiers who’d been left behind for six weeks now.”
Maybe it would work after all. Luc shielded his eyes and stared at the sun. He and Madeline would travel by night. It was safer then. “How many soldiers have you lost?”
“A dozen, no more.” The countess slid the curtain over the window. “None were killed, only taken prisoner.”
The hair on his arms stood at attention. And how many had the Boches convinced to talk? Small wonder the German army had spent so much time at the hospital. Could the place be under surveillance? Could there be an agent provocateur in their midst? “We will leave tonight.”
“Nonsense.” She hooked her arm through his and dragged him toward her study. “You will leave tomorrow morning. Then everyone will be well rested and a new house in Brussels will be made available.”
“Brussels?” Why go through the city? There was bound to be more soldiers in the city than outside it.
“No one questions people traveling to and from the city.”
“We can’t just walk down the street, like tradesmen. Someone will notice Mille’s limp.” Someone was bound to notice Madeline. Perhaps he should smear a little mud on her face. She should definitely wear many layers of clothing to hide her curves.
“Mille will stay here with us and the others until everyone is fully recovered.” The countess released him when she entered the study. Thick carpets muffled her footfalls as she strode to the mahogany desk near the bay window. “Injured men do raise questions.”
Books, knick-knacks and figurines filled the wall of bookcases. On the right a chaise lounge in olive green stretched out near a round end table covered with photographs. Two gold and green wing chairs bracketed a marble fireplace on the left. He passed a display case where the Virgin Mary beamed from the pages of an illuminated Bible.
Praying she really did watch over the household, Luc mentally calculated the time his subordinate would need to recover. Weeks if not a month or more. Cocard would have plenty of time to escape and expose them to the enemy. “I’ll take Cocard.”
“Nonsense.” She lowered herself onto the red leather chair. “He will travel with the other two, who will turn themselves into the Dutch border guards.”
Hooking his heel around the claw foot of the chair in front of the desk, Luc plopped down. Butter-soft leather folded around him. “Mille will travel with them.”
“If he is able. If not, he will travel with another group.”
Luc’s gut clenched. “Mille will travel with them. For your own sake, he must make sure that Cocard turns himself over to the Dutch authorities.”
The countess removed her glasses and set them on the blotter. “Cocard has given his word. As have the other two.”
Cocard’s word was worthless, as for D’Avignon and the other man... Given their loyalty to Cocard, they appeared to be men who honored their debts. By the time they left this hospital, they would be indebted to the countess. They could be trusted. Luc gripped the curved, wooden arms of his chair. “How will Madeline, Mathieu and I get to Brussels?”
“On foot, of course.” The countess removed a wrapped bundle from her desk drawer and set it on top. “You will be escorting your sister and younger brother to your cousin’s christening.”
He reached for the twine and stopped. Studying his palm, he noted the callus on his trigger finger and the absence of any elsewhere. The cabbageheads would notice the discrepancy, too. “I hope you don’t have me as a workman.”
“Of course not. You’re to be a wholesaler for a milliner.” She gestured to a pile of tatted lace on a matching ottoman. “I hope you will bring some of it to market, as the women in the village could use the money.”
Money. He shifted on his chair. He had none for bribes, or to compensate the people for the danger they endured on his behalf. The watch burned a hole in his pocket. His grandfather had given it to Luc when he’d taken his commission in the Belgian army. The dates of his country’s independence were engraved on the cover, a gift from the first king. “About our expenses...”
She held up her hand. “I have funds. Just roust the Germans from our country by Christmas. If you and our Jas don’t, Belgium may be out of food and wine by then.”



Chapter Seventeen


Holding the hem of her skirt, Madeline climbed the staircase leading to Mathieu. Leopold trotted beside her, his claws tapping the marble. Heat seared her cheeks. Mama always said those who eavesdrop never hear good of themselves. She hadn’t been listening intentionally, but something had woken her. And the kitchen echoed and her tiny bedroom door had been ajar.
Only a deaf person wouldn’t have heard the countess tell how unworthy Madeline was of Luc’s friendship.
Cook hadn’t met her eyes when she had finally emerged.
Even the knowledge that she was to be a nun hadn’t swayed the noblewoman’s opinion. Pinching her borrowed boots in one hand, Madeline rubbed her sternum with the other. The countess’s low opinion shouldn’t hurt so much. Nor should the fact that she was just another responsibility to Luc.
Reaching the landing, she shook out her skirts and tip-toed to her brother’s room. Cold seeped into the pads of her feet through her socks. She shivered, drawing her shawl tight. She hoped the next convent wasn’t as cold as her last. She hoped she wouldn’t have to rise before dawn for prayers, kneel on a hard pew for hours as penance, or give up her novels.
She hoped in vain.
Sighing, she pushed her hair out of her eyes then stroked the tangled locks. This, too, would have to go. Not that her long hair had been practical when she nursed. But it could be confined, managed.
In the convent, she would be confined. Managed.
Her promise bound her will tighter than shackles.
Mathieu was worth it.
Papa’s forgiveness was worth the price.
Leopold ducked his head under her hand and whined softly. Madeline scratched him behind his soft ears. Why couldn’t she be more like a dog—happy with scraps of bread, the occasional pat of affection and a warm bed near those she loved?
Why did she want more?
Why had she thought she could serve God through nursing and have a secular life? Why had she thought Luc and she could be friends? She trudged around the corner into the ward. The two beds near the window were made up.
Her brother snored on the one closest to the door.
Ignoring the second bed, she tucked her boots under her brother’s bed and climbed under the blankets next to him.
Mathieu muttered something and wiggled.
“Shh, it’s Maddy.” She kissed the back of his head before draping the shawl over them both. Grit sealed her eyes closed as soon as her head hit the pillow. Her limbs and joints ached. She stifled a yawn. The weasel-faced German from the mill smirked back at her.
A tremor rippled through her. Then another.
She stuffed the end of the shawl into her mouth. Go away. I don’t want to think of you. The scratch on her chest throbbed. Forcing the images from her head, she prayed. She concentrated on verse after verse, repeating them nonstop until her muscles relaxed and the tremors ceased.
The bedsprings next to hers squeaked. Leopold snuffled before licking himself.
Boots scraped the hall floor.
Her eyes flew open.
Luc slipped inside. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to wake you.”
She forced a smile. Her stomach flip-flopped. “I wasn’t asleep.”
Fatigue darkened the skin around his eyes. Stubble sprayed his cheeks despite his recent shave. He moved with a loose-limbed grace. “How much did you overhear?”
“Enough to know she’s right.”
“No, she’s not.” Shaking his head, he loped to her side of the bed and squatted next to her. He slipped his hand under hers and lifted it. “These hands heal. Save lives.” He stroked his thumb down the back of her hand. “All mine do is murder and steal. And even that I’m not very good at.”
Rolling over, she faced him.
He traced letters on her palm.
Her insides danced like water on a hot skillet. “Luc.”
He glanced up. Pain darkened his eyes—not the kind from a physical pain, but something beyond the healing powers of bandages and carbolic. Something not even the deftest surgeon could cut out.
“You’re not a murderer.”
He squeezed his eyes closed and swayed. “I’ve killed so many... I see them at night, during the day.”
Her fingers curled into fists. Should she comfort him? Did she have the right? “The Boches could have left us out of their squabbles with England and France. They could have respected our neutrality.”
“They’re always there.” His voice broke at the end.
“I know.” She smoothed back his hair, soft as satin under her hand. He was her patient. It was her job to comfort him.
He leaned into her touch. Brown eyes bore into her. “I won’t let them get you. I’ll keep you safe.”
Safe was a foreign harbor. Possibly in America. And no one in Belgium could guarantee any of them would reach it. It certainly didn’t exist in Europe. She cupped his jaw. “I know you will. I trust you.”
He leaned closer. His exhales warmed every breath she took. His attention dropped to her lips. “Whatever it takes.”
Heat shimmered inside her and her eyelids fluttered.
Mathieu stiffened at her back, gasped for breath. “Mama! Noooo.”
Luc rolled back and caught himself on the bed behind him.
Fangs bared, Leopold growled.
Madeline rolled over and caught her brother’s flailing limbs. “It’s all right. We’re safe. We’re safe now.”
He whimpered softly before burying his face in her neck. His tears trickled into her collar.
Stroking his hair, she hummed a lullaby.
Chorus by chorus, Mathieu relaxed. Finally, his snores puffed against her skin.
Bed springs creaked. Luc tucked the blankets around them. He didn’t look at her. “Rest. I’ll keep watch.”
She sunk into the mattress. “You rest, too. The countess and her servants will warn us if the Germans approach.”
He grunted.
She knew he would ignore her advice. Too bad, he hadn’t yet learned that she didn’t give up so easily. “I’m still your nurse, and you promised to obey my medical orders.”
He chuckled and the bed creaked. “Yes, Sister.”
It was nice to win. Closing her eyes, she sunk into the warmth of the feather ticking and slept.

#

Madeline awoke to the sound of laughter. Rubbing her eyes, she stretched. Night pressed against the window. Stars twinkled in the dark sky. Her lips curled as the giggling continued. Who was laughing and... Her hand encountered empty space. Mathieu! She sat up in bed and glanced around the room.
Leopold thumped his tail against the mussed bedding. He eyed her before glancing toward the door.
Poor thing. He must have been left on guard duty. “It’s alright, boy. You can leave.”
The dog planted his paws on the ground and stretched, half-on half-off the bed.
Mathieu’s laughter trilled up the stairs. A deep baritone followed after it. Luc.
Her heart waltzed through a few beats. She should find them, see what they’re up to. Shoving aside the blankets, she swung her feet over the side and stepped into her boots.
The shepherd trotted to the door. Pausing on the threshold, he glanced back at her.
“Go find Luc. I’ll be right down.”
The dog left, the tapping of his claws marked his passage down the hall.
After knotting her laces, she stood up and shook out her dress. Wrinkles pleated the cotton fabric. Madame would not approve. Neither would the countess. Madeline tugged the fabric flat but the creases remained. She doubted a neatly pressed dress would make her worthy of Luc’s attention. Her hands stilled. Not that she wanted Luc’s attention.
Duty and honor had laid out their paths.
She doubted they would meet again once this moment passed.
She crossed the room and turned on the lights. The electric lamps buzzed and blinked to life. Shaking off the dark cloud, she smoothed the blankets then tucked them neatly under the mattress. Smiling, she stepped back. Mother would be proud. Mama. Grief sucker-punched her. Doubling over, she grabbed the headboard to steady herself.
Watching other’s grief hadn’t prepared her for her own.
How did people go on after losing a loved one?
The platitudes she’d murmured hit her like stones. Had she really thought them helpful or comforting? She would not make that mistake in the future. Braiding her hair, she strode to the sink. Pins scoured her scalp as she speared her bun in place.
Soft footfalls whispered in the hallway. Fabric rustled.
Madeline’s hand hovered over the tap. “Who’s there?”
Polly glided into the room. Short curls framed her oval face. Red cheeks attested to a fresh scrubbing. Gone were her white apron and cuffs. Only the brassard and light blue uniform dress remained. “Oh, good, you’re awake. Dinner is served promptly at seven.”
A grandfather clock sounded on the floor below. Each of the seven bongs resonated deep in the house.
Madeline twisted the taps. The pipes banged. Rusty water chugged out, clearing a few seconds later. “I’ll be right down.”
“I’ll wait.” Polly clasped her hands in front of her and stared at Madeline. “The countess doesn’t want you to get lost.”
Cupping her hands, she splashed water on her face then scrubbed her skin. Her cheeks tingled from the cold. After two more washes, she turned off the taps and reached for a towel. The soft cotton quickly dried her skin. She draped it on the rack then headed for the door. “Have you been a nurse here for long?”
“Oh, no.” Polly retreated into the hall and waited before falling into step beside Madeline. “I’ve been here six weeks and I’m not a nurse, just an assistant. The countess took me in after my parents’ house was bombed.”
Madeline stumbled a step. “Are they...”
Polly cocked her head. “Are they what?”
“Dead.”
“Oh, they’re alive!” Polly held her hands to her lips and covered her giggle. “They left Belgium to stay with our relatives in England. I was at a friend’s house party. We were supposed to leave, but... The Germans moved very quickly and were in our home before we knew it.”
Such criticism was unfair. Madeline squared her shoulders. “Our soldiers fought bravely!”
“Of course they did.” Polly clutched Madeline’s arm. “Our soldiers are quite dashing and heroic.”
Luc stared at her from her mind’s eye. But none of the men she’d met would describe themselves as dashing or heroic.
Madeline patted Polly’s hand. “If they hadn’t delayed the Boches, the cabbageheads would have been in Paris by now. The world should be grateful to our fighting men.”
“And to think you have two of them half in love with you.” Polly tucked her arm through Madeline’s and leaned against her.
“Two?” Madeline’s blood sang with a symphony. Could the other girl mean...
“Gaston is quite handsome, but André has a certain je ne sais quoi.”
Madeline blinked. “Gaston? He’s like my brother.” One that she was finding very hard to forgive. As for the other... “André?”
“Yes, he was praising you while I attended his leg wound.”
“Oh, Mille.” Madeline mentally slapped her forehead. Funny, how she thought of him in Luc’s terms. Luc. She beat his name from her head. Different paths. Why couldn’t she remember that? “He’s a hopeless flirt. I wouldn’t take him seriously if I were you.”
Polly sighed. “So you’re not in love with either of them?”
“No.” Definitely not. They were both immature compared to— She squelched the thought and raised her long skirt as they descended the stairs.
“Ah, there you are.” Luc waited at the bottom. A large evening coat complete with tails hung off his lean shoulders. Moth stains riddled the white shirt. His matching bow tie listed toward his chin.
With her free hand, Madeline pointed to his tie. “Yes, we’re here, and I feel a bit underdressed.”
Color infused his cheeks and he jerked on the tie until it stood nearly perpendicular. “I think this belonged to the count at one point or another. And you look lovely. Both of you.”
Luc’s gaze never left her.
The temperature of the room spiked. She resisted the urge to fan herself.
“They threw such lavish parties.” Freeing Madeline’s arm, Polly waltzed across the foyer. “She’d promised to throw one for me after my debut, but...” She shrugged. “The war put an end to that. Of course, if it is over before next Christmas, then she can still throw me a ball.”
So Polly was nobility as well?
Madeline slowed her pace. She believed more than food was to be served tonight. Perhaps, a lesson in stations were about to be dished out as well.
Polly skipped into a room at the back of the house.
Luc held out his elbow. “May I escort you in?”
Madeline’s arm twitched. She should refuse, but they would have only a short time together. And she didn’t want to be impolite. She set her hand on his forearm. Muscles bunched under her palm.
“I meant it before. You are beautiful.”
Merciful Heavens. The countess must be burning a tonne of coal to heat her house to this temperature. Madeline counted tiles to the dining room.
“And don’t believe the countess is as class conscious as the things she says. She was quite the socialist in her day.” He leaned down and whispered. “My parents thought the Count and Countess de Nacht were quite scandalous.”
Madeline smiled. It was naughty, she knew, but somehow that made it acceptable. She squeezed his arm. “Thank you.”
“You’re quite welcome.” They strolled past stern-faced portraits. Voices and the scent of roasted meat drifted out of the dining room.
She stopped before they reached the open doors. “Your tie is crooked.”
“Such is the problem with dressing without the aid of a mirror.”
“Your room doesn’t have a mirror?”
He tugged on the bow tie until it was skewed the other way. “It has two mirrors.”
“Ahhh.”
His eyes narrowed and his hands stilled. “You understand?”
“All too well.” She brushed his hands aside and settled his tie on an even keel. “If eyes are the mirror to the soul, the last thing you want to see is your sins staring back at you.”
She’d avoided mirrors for six months after being asked to leave the convent. The reflection was too painful.
Ducking his head, he snared her attention. Honesty filled his brown eyes. “You’ve done nothing wrong.”
She stared back. “Neither have you.”
The corner of his mouth quirked up. His gaze dropped to her lips and leaned just a little closer. “Madeline...”
Someone cleared his throat.
Luc reared back. “We mustn’t keep everyone waiting any longer.”
He jerked his head toward the butler, holding a tureen of steaming soup and standing next to the dining room door.
She rushed inside. Oh bother. The countess was correct. Madeline could see why many women would fall under the spell of Luc’s charming manners.
Cool air wafted between the French doors opening upon the terrace. Through the glass, she could make out Gaston and the two men he’d saved eating around a wrought iron table.
Inside in dining room, an embroidered tablecloth cascaded to the floor. Silver glittered near the china place settings. Dressed in black velvet with diamonds twinkling at her throat, the countess presided at the head of the table.
Mille sat on her left, Mathieu on her right.
Madeline hustled to her brother’s side and smiled at Polly opposite her. “I apologize for keeping everyone waiting.”
“A lady never apologizes.” The countess waved a sparkling hand. “Besides, given your journey last night, I don’t think anyone would blame you if you had slept through dinner.”
Madeline jumped as the chair moved on its own. “Thank you.”
Luc cupped her elbow and shifted her closer before taking his own seat opposite the countess.
The butler appeared moments later, set the tureen on a sideboard and waited.
The countess signaled for him to serve. “Now, I had the perfect thought while everyone slept. One that will work out in everyone’s best interests.”
Luc’s head snapped up.
Madeline turned so fast, pain burned up her neck. Her skin prickled with unease. “You do?”
After a sip of wine, the countess nodded. “Madeline will stay here at the hospital. Besides our special patients, she will nurse the villagers. Her brother will help Cook and my footmen in the garden. And the Baron will be free to make the dangerous journey to Holland by himself.”



Chapter Eighteen


“No! Absolutely not.” Luc stood and banged his fist on the short, rectangular table. Silverware rattled. The countess’s wine glass toppled over and moselle bled across the snowy tablecloth. His chair tipped backward and crashed to the marble floor. “Madeline will not be staying here. I am taking her to Holland. And Mathieu, too.”
On his left, the butler ladled green soup from the tureen into china dishes. The nurse, Polly, froze with her embroidered napkin halfway to her mouth. Setting his elbows on the table, Mille eyed him. On his right, Madeline studied her hands. Mathieu’s eyes rounded like saucers.
Directly across the table from him, the countess righted her goblet. “My proposal is reasonable. I can keep them both safe under my roof, and they will be of service to both King and country.”
Resting his weight on his knuckles, Luc leaned forward. “I can keep them safe.”
The vow was engraved on his honor, yet he felt the truth settle in his chest. He ignored the disconnect. He had no time for puzzles.
The butler’s joints creaked as he served the first course to the countess.
Picking up her spoon, she stirred the steaming liquid. “The road is perilous. You will have enough difficulty keeping yourself alive without worrying about others.”
Luc shook his head. Madeline must come with him. She must. Only if he kept her close would he know she was safe. Her safety meant more than his own. “If we encounter difficulty, we’ll overcome it just like last time.”
Red spotted her cheeks. Mathieu slipped off his upholstered chair and clung to his sister.
“Why are you so insistent on her accompanying you?” The countess set her spoon aside and held up her empty wine glass.
“Why?” Wasn’t the answer obvious? Luc’s fingernails dug into his palms. “Because I can keep her safe.”
Madeline wasn’t safe here. That German officer had showed too much of an interest.
The butler poured white wine into the noblewoman’s goblet.
The countess took a sip and rolled it across her tongue before responding. “I thought you didn’t want her to become a nun? To waste her life in a cloister. That you planned to convince her to choose another path on the journey to Holland.”
Madeline gasped. “But I promised.”
Luc sucked in a calming breath. He’d only told one person such thoughts. His gaze flew to Mille.
Blushing, Mille swirled his wine and studied the whirlpool.
Polly’s eyes darted back and forth as if watching a game of lawn tennis.
Smoothing her brother’s cowlick, Madeline bit her lip. Her eyes glistened by the light of the electric sconces. “Did you really say I’d waste my life?”
He had, and it was. But he’d planned to phrase it another way. A better way. One that would convince her to come with him to France, to nurse the Belgium Army. The need for her was so great. Couldn’t she see that? His arms shook.
“You did, didn’t you?” A spark brightened her brown eyes.
“Madeline—” Her name stuck to his tongue, refused to allow any other words to follow.
Madeline yanked her napkin from her lap and dropped it next to her plate. Raising her chin, she pushed back her chair and rose. “Thank you, Countess de Nacht, for your generous offer. I shall consider it and give you my answer in the morning.”
She couldn’t consider any such thing. Her place was with him. Or rather the Belgian Army.
“Madeline.” Luc’s fingers grazed her cuff.
She jerked back. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I have much to think upon.”
With a swirl of her skirts, she sailed toward the door.
Mathieu traipsed after her.
Setting the dish of soup in Luc’s place, the butler blocked the door.
Luc sidled to the left. His long legs closed the distance to the dining room threshold.
Carrying Mathieu, Madeline reached the base of the stairs and headed to the second floor.
“Madeline! Wait!” His voice echoed in the hall. Ears perked, Leopold peered through the glass doors opening upon to the terrace.
She shook her head.
He increased his speed, reaching the oriental rug. He had to talk to her, explain... Explain what? He groped for the words to make her join him, trust him.
“Baron Duplan.” The countess’s cane hit the marble like a shot.
Luc’s legs buckled. Visions of Boches rushed him, firing their rifles. He caught himself on the receiving table. Shook the memories from his head.
Mouth open, Madeline stared down at him from the landing. Her hold tightened on her brother and her forehead wrinkled.
Luc wanted her to join him, wanted it so much he could almost feel her at his side. But not at such a cost to her. He straightened. “I’m unharmed.”
She nodded and turned away.
Crepe swished. Countess de Nacht arrived on a soft cloud of lavender. “Baron, at my age and rank, I have earned the right to speak my mind. Your behavior isn’t doing that child any favors.”
“Madeline is not a child.”
“No, she’s not.” The countess rested the ivory handle of her cane against his chest. “She is an educated woman with hopes and dreams. She deserves better than being courted by an engaged man.”
Courted? Could Madeline really think he was courting her? She’d been there when his fiancée had been mentioned. His shoulders sagged. “I hadn’t meant—”
“Didn’t you? Every available moment, you’ve been at her side, watching over her.” She lowered her cane. “Only a fool would think it is because of your responsibility, your honor.”
He eyed the empty landing. Where had she gone? Had she locked her door against him? His heart beat hollowly inside his chest.
The countess cleared her throat. “Madeline isn’t the only one who should take tonight to think matters through. And you should not consider offering her any less than she is worth.”
With a click and shuffle, she returned to the dining room.
Madeline was priceless. Luc took a step toward the stairs, then another. He grabbed the bannister and froze. But what could he offer her to tempt her from her solemn promise? He was an engaged man. Head back, he trudged toward the dining room.
He had until morning to think of something.
If he didn’t, he would lose Madeline forever.
The thought was a bayonet thrust into his chest.



Chapter Nineteen


Madeline rolled her blond hair into a ball and stabbed the bun with pins. Guilt took up residence in the bruises under her eyes. A sleepless night was hardly penance for her thoughts.
For her actions.
Setting the straw hat on her head, she tilted it rakishly. Black, yellow, and red ribbons circled the brim. She fluffed the bow. The Boches may have forbidden flying the flag, but patriotism lived on. The ebony ostrich feather bounced jauntily over her shoulder and complimented the green, wool traveling coat. Fine lace clung to her wrists and collar like spider webs. Butter-soft leather half-boots encased her feet.
She looked like a lady.
One fit for a lieutenant.
What was she doing? Luc considered her nothing but a responsibility. And she... And she was traveling to Holland, not to fulfill her promise to her father, but to be with Luc. Just a little longer. The memory would sustain her through the endless years of vespers, of penance. Remembering his devotion to his honor would help her become the best nun she could.
Her stomach cramped. Surely, God would forgive her a few more days of selfishness. Avoiding her reflection’s eyes, she returned to the tapestry bag on her bed.
The countess had forbidden her from taking more than one change of clothes.
Madeline agreed the Germans would become suspicious of packing a wardrobe for an overnight visit, but she refused to leave much behind. The medicines stayed here, at the hospital. Since it served the local folks, it would be gone soon enough.
But her dowry had to be transported. Setting the silver candlesticks on her blue dress, she folded the soft cotton around them. She hoped the plain cuffs and collar wouldn’t raise suspicions. Of course, Germans would be inspecting her belongings, not Frenchmen. The cabbageheads probably wouldn’t think anything of the austerity. Tucking the bundle in the tapestry bag, she folded her chemise around the picture frame. Mama’s finest lace adorned the edges and pink rosebuds adorned the front.
Madeline doubled over. Time would scab over the raw wound of loss. Eventually. But how many decades would it take?
And why was the pain less whenever Luc was near?
Because you love him. The admission brought her to her knees. Clinging to the side of the bed, she hung her head. God in Heaven. She loved him. Was there ever a bigger fool on the planet?
He was a man of war.
And she had promised herself to the convent.
Laughter exploded past her lips. Of all the foolish things she’d done, this exceeded them all. Papa had been right, she needed a keeper. The church would have to do.
Footsteps whispered in the hall.
The hair on her arms stood up. Heat unfurled inside her. Luc. She sensed him the way farmers sensed a coming thunderstorm— with a mixture of anticipation and dread. She just hoped he didn’t become as necessary to her as rain was to crops in the field. A heaviness poured into the pit of her stomach.
She had a feeling her hopes were in vain.
“Madeline, the countess asked—”
Madeline turned to face him. Her heart took wings and fluttered in her throat.
Luc’s clean-shaven jaw hung slack. His dark-eyed gaze traveled from her knees, skimmed her hips and waist to linger overly long on the pearl buttons straining against her tight bodice.
The heat inside her belly increased to a simmer. She’d been attracted to the scruffy soldier seeking asylum, been touched by the Baron wearing outdated clothes to please an old lady, but this... A tailored jacket hugged his lean frame, finely pleated trousers hung from his hips, and a black pinstriped shirt peeked out from under a herringbone vest. Ebony shoes caught the early morning light. Tapered fingers sandwiched a stack of clothes.
“I— I—” His attention bounced off her chest and stuck to her face.
After making the sign of the cross, she pushed to her feet.
He ran his gaze over her body again and licked his lips. “You look beautiful.” Red blossomed in his cheeks. “I say that quite a bit when you’re around.”
She didn’t mind. She stored his compliment the way a squirrel did nuts. After all, they would have to sustain her not just for the winter, but the rest of her life. Convents were cold, dreary places. Crossing the room, she held out her arms. “I’ll add these to the bag.”
He blinked, then stared down at the clothes. “Yes, yes, of course.”
She eased them from his hold. His scent invaded her lungs. Woodsy, with a hint of spice. She engraved it on her heart and returned to the bed.
He followed, the moon to her Earth, locked forever in a celestial embrace, yet never touching.
Her hands trembled. Why couldn’t he wear a tie she could adjust? Or a boutonniere she could straighten? Anything to give her a reason to touch him. Her cheeks blazed at the direction of her thoughts. Knowing about a male’s anatomy definitely didn’t help. She must gain control over herself. He must never know of her feelings, must never suspect.
Tucking the clothing into the bag, she tossed in the spoons. They tinkled together before sliding to the bottom.
He set his hand on her forearm, branding her. “I’m glad you agreed to accompany me.”
“You’re welcome.” She had no choice. Not really. She wasn’t ready to let him go. Perhaps in two or three days, she will have accumulated enough memories to sustain her.
He stepped closer. His trousers brushed her skirt. His chest skimmed her sleeve. “Madeline...”
She tilted her face to his. His warm breath washed over her, bathing her in the twin scents of peppermint and fresh coffee. She licked her lips.
Pupils dilated, he targeted the motion. His knuckles skimmed her cheekbone, slid down and traced her jaw. “I have never met someone like you. You are the most amazing woman I’ve ever met.”
Holding her chin, he angled her head just so and leaned forward.
Her eyes fluttered closed. Her heart raced savagely then stopped entirely. Please, let him kiss me. Please, just once.
He brushed his nose against hers. “For the rest of my life, I will—”
“Baron.” The hallway echoed with the thump of a cane and scuffle of shoes.
“The countess.” Sighing, Luc rested his forehead against hers. “One day, soon, we will have our moment.” He shook his head and stepped back. Again and again, until the distance was an insurmountable canyon. “I swear it.”
Madeline’s eyes stung. They would have a moment, just one. What had she expected? She’d known he was engaged. Known and wanted to poach on another’s territory anyway. Her heart resumed beating, pumping her blood through her veins like chilled molasses. After rubbing the goosebumps from her arms, she stuffed her brother’s change of clothes inside the bag and snapped the clasp closed.
Crepe swished around the countess as she entered the room. Her gold frames dangled from the chain around her neck. “Ahh, good, you’re together.”
Luc bowed slightly. “I had Madeline pack my things.”
Madeline picked up the bag and forced a smile. “I’m ready.”
“Yes, yes.” The countess waved an age-spotted hand. Papers crinkled in her grip. “There is a small problem with your identity passes.”
Madeline sucked on her bottom lip. Oh, no. Please, don’t let us be separated.
Luc crossed his arms over his chest and thrust out his jaw. “Madeline and Mathieu are coming with me.”
“She’s made her choice, and I will abide by it.” The countess clutched at her glasses before settling them on her straight nose. “It seems that instead of traveling as brother and sister, my forger listed you as man and wife.”
Madeline’s chest tightened. Man and wife. Man and wife. Her heart skipped to the chanting words.
Luc plucked the papers from the old lady’s hand. Scanning them, he grinned. “I think we can manage.”
He didn’t mind? Madeline pinched herself. And she wasn’t dreaming. Hugging the bag to her chest, she locked her knees. She had to remain upright. But how was she to walk to Brussels? She didn’t have to, she would float the kilometers.
After tucking the papers into his breast pocket, he tugged the bag from her grip. “Come along, wife.”

#

Madeline trudged behind a hand cart, holding the gift for a child she’d never met. All part of her disguise. Just like being Luc’s wife. Overripe melons perfumed the air. The mound of canary yellow wobbled every time the oversized wheels hit a rut. Her toes throbbed in the fancy half boots. Dust sprinkled her soft wool coat and grit filled her mouth. A corkscrew curl swung in front of her eyes like a metronome keeping time with her steps. High in the sky, the sun beat down on her head through her useless straw hat.
Ahead, Mathieu chatted with the boy of the graybeard taking his produce to market.
Soon the farmer would give the password and indicate their safe house for the night.
Soon, she would stop pretending Luc was her husband.
Luc whistled a show tune from a Mary Pickford moving picture and swung the bags in his hands. “A franc for your thoughts.”
“They’re not worth a franc.” She switched the Christening gift to her other hand. The brown paper was crinkled and the twine bow askew. She’d right them once they reached their final destination.
“So you say.” Luc nudged her shoulder. “But as it is my franc, I think you should let me be the judge.”
Tingles spread from the point of impact through the rest of her body. She fisted her skirts. He’d been brushing against her, holding her hand or touching her for the last five hours. Not that she was complaining, exactly. But the casual touch bordered on heartache.
“Madeline.”
“Marie,” she corrected, reminding him of the fake name on her identification papers.
“Madame Marie de Quare, wife.” A ghost of a smile lingered on his lips. “You adapt to a change of name rather quickly.”
Pleasure bubbled through her. She pushed it down. His banter was a means to pass the time. Nothing more, at least, not for him. “The patients at the clinique would often confuse us sisters, so I learned to respond whenever a name was called.”
They continued down the dusty road. Birds flitted through lone standing walls and flew over mounds of bricks. Women and children scrambled through the ruins. Some sorted the red loaves, others sifted for belongings—scraps of cloth, smashed bits of furniture and chipped crockery. Barbed wire marked gouges in clearings.
Dog carts and wagons pulled by flea-bitten nags joined the stream of people heading toward the city and slowed their progress. Hobnail boots pounded. The crowd stopped and moved to the side. Several peasants raised their hands. Mathieu scuttled toward them before hiding behind Luc’s legs.
Luc shifted the bundle of tatted lace under one arm. His fingers skimmed around her wrist before he folded his hand around hers.
The column goose-stepped past. Bayonets gleamed and sunlight sparked off the spike on their helmets.
She shivered and leaned against him.
Muscle and sinew bunched under his coat.
How must he feel, a Belgian soldier, a Jas, to see his beloved homeland occupied by the enemy? It had to be a hundred times worse than it was for her. She squeezed his hand. “We’ll make them leave. And not in their neat, orderly lines, either.”
He ducked his head. “We will.”
As soon as the column marched by, the line surged forward. Madeline kept her place. Luc didn’t release her hand.
Mathieu hovered close. “Do you think they will have a dog where we are going?”
She cast her memories back. She’d only visited her aunt in Holland once, but she didn’t think they allowed pets.
Luc smiled. “Do you miss Leopold already?”
Nodding, Mathieu squinted in the bright sunshine. “He is a great dog. He brought back whatever I threw. I didn’t have to chase him to get it, neither.”
“He also hates cabbage. A very useful trait with so many Boches around.”
The cart turned right on the next street.
Along with the boys, Madeline followed. “I’m sure you’ll see that the countess’s need for the shepherd was greater than ours.”
Mathieu kicked a dirt clod in the street. “I guess.”
She ruffled his hair. “I’m certain we’ll find dogs wherever we go. Belgians love dogs.”
Dodging her touch, her brother wrinkled his freckled nose then raced back to his new friend’s side.
The neighborhood seemed untouched by the war. Had money bought them protection? Or was it something else? German words scrawled across several red doors, proclaiming that some Belgians were under the Boches’ protection, while others were outright commandeered.
The hair on Madeline’s neck prickled. They were to hide here, so close to the quartered Boches?
Maple trees lined the street. Opulent homes sprawled on either side. Vegetable carts stopped alongside manicured lawns. Maids in black haggled with the vendors. Here and there, produce wrapped in letters and newspapers exchanged hands.
A thin cook in a white apron blew across brown grass and around leafless topiaries to the melon cart.
Anyone could be a spy.
Madeline shivered. “Do you think it is safe?”
Across the street, a German officer lounged on a wrought iron chair. He tossed a copy of the Boche-controlled newspaper onto the matching table and rose. The door behind him opened.
“Absolutely. The cabbageheads don’t think Belgians can do anything but quake before them.” Luc drew her to a halt and set the baggage on the ground. “There’s something I need to say.”
He turned her to face him. His palms slid against hers, and he laced their fingers. Next, he eased forward, bracketing her dusty boots with his scuffed shoes.
Her mouth dried. Her tongue stuck to her soft palate.
“I know it’s not exactly proper. I mean...” He clamped his lips together. His nostrils flared.
“What isn’t proper?” A chill slithered down her spine. Did he know about her love for him? Was he warning her away?
“You deserve so much. Everything. And I...” He squeezed his eyes closed for a moment and released her hands to drag his fingers through his hair.
She opened her mouth but no words came out.
“To hell with it.” He swooped down and pressed his mouth to hers.
Her heart stopped, air remained trapped in her lungs. His lips slanted gently across hers. Nibbling. Teasing. He cupped her shoulders, dragging her body against his. Thigh to thigh, chest to chest. The same and yet opposite—hard and soft, demanding and yielding. Her body slammed to life. Senses exploded beyond the bonds of flesh and bone, yet all focused on him—the contour of his chest, the strength of his arms, the perfect fit of their bodies.
She opened her mouth, ready to taste him.
His grip on her shoulders tightened a second before he stepped back.
A whimper traveled up her throat. She licked her lips, savored the hint of coffee and mint. Hope rioted inside her. He couldn’t have kissed her like that unless she meant more to him than a responsibility.
He watched her for a moment before his gaze cut to the balcony where the German officer had sat. “Laure.”



Chapter Twenty


Luc swore softly under his breath. His fiancée, Laure, stared at him from the second-floor balcony. He should have recognized the name of the street, known this house was an engagement gift to Laure, but dammit, he’d never visited the place. She swayed and clutched the decorative urn. The German officer behind her spoke. She straightened and turned toward the Boche.
Fear spread frost through Luc’s body. Laure would identify him as a Belgian soldier. His identity papers would not stand up to scrutiny.
Neither would Madeline’s. He had to get her out of here.
Her shoulders stiffened under his touch. “Did you just call me Laure?”
He shook his head, then nodded. “She’s on the balcony. With a German officer.”
Madeline twisted to see.
Luc held her tight. “Don’t turn. I need you to walk away from me, go somewhere safe.”
Upon the balcony, Laure tucked her arm through the officer’s and led him toward the doors into the house. The Boche threw back his head and laughed.
Luc’s skin tightened. What had his fiancée said? Were they contemplating his execution or imprisonment?
Madeline sucked in a breath and shrunk in his hold. “Where am I to go?”
He loosened his grip, but couldn’t quite bring himself to release her. But he had to. His capture might secure her freedom. “Anywhere. Return to the clinique where you worked. To your nursing friends who live here.”
She shook her head. A hair pin dropped to her shoulder and pinged against the ground. A honey-blond curl swung free from her bun. “The clinique is closed to all but Germans. I was the last one to leave before they took over. As for my friends... They’re all at their homes, far from Brussels.”
“There has to be someplace safe for you.” She had to be safe. He scanned the facade. No movement showed through the windows. Where had Laure and her Boche disappeared to? “What about an orderly?”
Madeline placed her hands over his. “There is no one.”
Her eyes widened in her chalky face.
Then there was only one thing to be done. Wrapping his arm around her shoulders, he hauled her to the front of the melon cart. “Return to the countess. Warn her that I’ve been caught and might talk.”
Digging in her heels, she grabbed hold of the wheel and stopped. “No. We go together.”
Why was she fighting him on this? Couldn’t she see this was the only way? His skin itched as more Germans began to pay attention to them, to her. Any minutes now, they’d be confronted. Across the street, a Boche leaned against a post and watched them.
The farmer shoved his dented hat up at Luc’s approach. “This is the place I mentioned. She’ll buy the lace you brought to town. At a fair price.”
Luc stiffened at the code. This was the safe house? Surely, not.
The thin maid arched an eyebrow and placed the canary melon in the basket at her feet. “My mistress always provides a fair price.”
“Not interested in selling my lace here. But I’ll take a melon. For my...my wife.” Luc dug into his pocket for a franc.
The farmer held up a yellow round on his callused fingers. His gaze darted to Madeline. “You won’t find a better place in town.”
While keeping the maid in his peripheral vision, Luc shoved the coin at him. He had to warn the man and his son while not alerting the maid. Spies could be everywhere. Including attached to his own family.
Affianced to him.
A motorcar roared to life.
Luc’s eye twitched. They didn’t have much time. “I know the lady who lives here.” He jerked his head toward Laure’s house. “And she knows me, very well.”
The farmer’s attention swung to his son and Mathieu playing in the street with a cloth ball.
Ahh, he finally received the message. Luc stole the melon from its perch and shoved it at Madeline. “Take this home with you, dear.”
She shook her head and dug her fingers into her hips. “I won’t leave you.”
God help him. “Think of your brother. I’m certain he’s hungry.”
Madeline’s shoulders bowed and she sucked on her bottom lip. “I—”
Luc pressed his lips to her forehead and filled his lungs with the sunshine and her. No matter what the Boches did to him, he would endure. For Madeline.
He loved her.
His knees shook. For an instant, the barest hint of time, he thought of running away with her. He released her and put her away. “Stay safe.”
A black motorcar nosed past the hedge bordering Laure’s front yard and stopped.
“Go. Now.”
She opened her mouth, then snapped it closed. Cradling the melon, she nodded once. “Mathieu. It’s time to leave.”
The boy looked up, holding the ball in his right hand.
The motorcar honked its horn.
Both boys froze.
Holding her skirt in one hand, she hustled forward. “Come along boys, let’s get out of the way.”
She shooed them to the far side of the street, then stooped to talk to them.
Luc twitched with the need to go to her. What was she doing? Couldn’t she see they were almost out of time?
The motorcar turned onto the road. The driver yelled out the window as he tooled by. The officer in the back didn’t look up.
What was this? Luc’s feet took root in the ground. Why wasn’t he being arrested?
He smelled expensive Parisienne perfume seconds before he heard the swish of silk.
Laure.
“Hello, lover. I’ve been expecting you.”



Chapter Twenty-One


Luc stiffened. His fiancée, Laure, must have nerves of steel to confront him on the street. He hadn’t remembered the trait from the parties he’d escorted her to after their engagement. Then again, with the whole German Army behind her, she needn’t be very brave. He scanned the houses. Damn, they’d attracted more Boches’ attention.
His fingertips dug into his palms. He breathed slowly to stop from throttling her. For Madeline and Mathieu’s sake he must remain calm and in control. Act like everything is normal.
As if hearing his thoughts, Madeline looked up. Her gaze locked with his across the street.
He willed her to leave, to try to get to safety before he was arrested.
She blinked and looked away.
Mathieu clenched the cloth ball in his hand. His friend, the farmer’s son, shook his head.
The farmer lifted another canary melon from the hand cart and offered it to the maid. A half dozen flies swarmed around the sweet fruit. No one made any move to leave. Had his warning fallen on deaf ears? “The lady will buy your lace.”
“Oh, dear.” Laure muttered seconds before her small hand cupped Luc’s shoulder blade. “Don’t tell me you’ve lost your hearing?”
“My hearing is as it should be.” Luc spun on his heel and faced his traitorous fiancée. He had no choice. He had to go with her.
A rose dress fluttered around her willowy frame. Blue highlights danced in her ebony hair and glittered almost as much as the delicate gold butterfly barrettes pinned above her ears. “Well, that is a relief.” She scanned him from head to toe. Her mouth thinned. Plucking a piece of lint from his sleeve, she flicked it to the ground. “You’ve lost weight.”
Pleasantries? Now? A hundred or more, drilled in his head since childhood, bubbled up from memory. Was this a test? To see how civilized he would remain until they dragged out the blindfold and bayonets? He would play her game. “You’ve turned traitor.”
Or maybe not.
War had taught him life was too short for unintended pleasantries.
Or maybe it was Madeline.
He frowned. Madeline and Mathieu had just entered his peripheral vision.
Hands on her hips, Laure scowled back. “How could you think I’m a traitor?”
“I saw the proof with my very eyes not more than five minutes ago.” Luc yanked his attention off his errant nurse and her brother. At the rate folks ignored his commands, he was beginning to wonder if he’d imagined giving them. “Or do you plan to deny that a Boche Colonel and his driver just motored out of your driveway?”
“And I saw you kissing that… that woman.” She flapped a hand toward the other side of the street.
Luc stepped forward so he towered over his soon to be ex-fiancée. “Madeline is my nurse, a lady, and a patriot.”
Laure’s eyes narrowed. “And here I was thinking she was a nobody peasant who needed a dress to at least appear to belong to a higher station.”
He folded his arms over his chest. He didn’t have to defend Madeline to anyone, least of all the treacherous Laure. “Call out your cabbagehead lover and have him arrest me.”
She raised her chin. “By all means, let’s go inside and end this farce. Catherine,” she nodded to her maid, “have the footman bring in the produce and Lucien’s baggage. Oh, and usher in his nurse.”
With a swish of her skirts, Laure stomped up the crushed shell driveway to the chateau. Dead bushes trimmed the porch circling the Italianate house. A row of milled mustard-colored columns with rust-colored brackets stood like pickets in front of the floor to ceiling windows. Floral bouquets filled the stained-glass in the double doors leading inside. The windows on all three stories and the center cupola were thrown open to allow in the afternoon sunshine.
Clasping his hands behind his back, Luc followed.
Shells crunched.
The hair on the back of his neck stood on end. Lord in Heaven, please don’t let it be who I think. The sharp scent of soap teased his senses. “Madeline.”
“Mathieu said he would scream if I forced him to leave without you.” She set her hand on his.
He clung to her fingers. He shouldn’t, he really shouldn’t. But his body seemed to have stopped listening to his brain. “You’ll be killed. Both of you.”
“Perhaps not.” She drew abreast of him. Tension puckered her mouth, tightened the skin around her brown eyes. “Mathieu’s friend says there’s been Boches here before and the soldiers have never been taken away or… or shot.”
Luc wanted to believe Mathieu’s friend. But sometimes people saw what they wanted. Or were paid to look the other way.
Pausing by the open front doors, Laure turned back. Her attention snagged on their clasped hands and her jaw fell open. “Well.”
Picking up her skirts, she flounced inside. German words of protection were chalked across the entry.
Madeline tried to tug free of his grasp.
He held on tight. Whether the Boches killed him in five minutes, or he rotted in a prisoner of war camp, he would enjoy this bit of comfort while he could. Their boots scraped the boards of the porch. He blinked to adjust to the shade. “Madeline, you should know…”
“Now is not the time to dilly-dally. Hurry up and enter the house, if you please.” Laure tapped her slippered foot against the parquet floor in the foyer. The gauzy fabric of her dress surged around her like raspberry sea foam. “I know where my loyalties lie, but I’m not certain of my neighbors.”
Luc subtly tugged Madeline behind him.
She released his hand just as he stepped across the threshold of the front parlor. Clusters of Louis the Fourteenth chairs upholstered in gold silk filled the room. Along the edge, some ringed marble tables overflowing with photos, shells and vases of evergreens. A set faced a settee under a chandelier in the center of the room. Incandescent lights glowed in the globes dripping with six centimeter crystals.
Laure crossed to the marble fireplace and tugged on the crimson and gold bell pull. Before turning, she snatched a photograph off the mantel. In the gilt mirror above the fireplace, her reflection squeezed her eyes closed for a moment.
Luc’s stomach clenched. Not a Boche in sight. And he seriously doubted they would wait for her to ring for them like servants.
Madeline shifted to his side. Her arm brushed his but she didn’t reach for him. Mathieu moved to stand in front of her and she rested her hands on his shoulder. “Where are the Germans?”
Laure flapped her arms. Light glinted off the silver frame in her hands. “Out causing havoc and misery I imagine.”
“But not here?” Madeline bit her lip and stared up at him.
Luc’s skin itched. Had he misread the situation? “But we saw one. On your balcony finishing his breakfast and reading the paper.”
A jingle of keys prevented Laure from speaking. Swathed all in black but with a bow of red and yellow around her top button, the housekeeper glided into the room. Her foggy blue eyes brightened at the sight of him. “Lieutenant Duplan, we were so proud to hear that you held the redoubt at Liège for four days.” She shook a gnarled finger at him. “But you were very naughty not to send word and let us know you still lived. I had to take the black crepe off the windows and doors.”
Outside, the elderly butler trudged across the yellow grass and retrieved the baggage.
“My apologies.” Heat blistered his skin and he studied the geometric design on the wall-to-wall carpet.
The housekeeper waved an arthritic hand. “You being alive is enough. Our little Laure, now—”
“Madame Stockeau,” Laure interrupted. “If you could please take our two guests to the kitchens, I would like a word with my fiancé. In private.”
Madame Stockeau squinted at Madeline and Mathieu. “Oh, yes. Company. Our kind of company.” She clucked Mathieu under the chin. “After such a long day, I bet you are very hungry.”
Mathieu’s eyes widened and he licked his lips. “Yes, Madame.”
“This way.” With a flap of her apron, the housekeeper shooed Madeline and her brother out.
Madeline turned at the door.
Luc nodded. His conversation with Laure was best kept private. “Laure—”
She sank onto the settee and perched on the edge. “I’m not a traitor. My cousin Jens is a Colonel in the German Army. He invites himself to enjoy my hospitality when in Brussels, and I thought my mother’s family connection would provide the perfect cover for my help with lost soldiers. The Boches are too arrogant to think something would happen right under their noses.”
“I see.” Luc dragged his hand down his face and collapsed onto the chair opposite the settee. “I’m sorry for accusing you of being a traitor.”
And for so much else, yet to come.
Sighing, she rested her hand on the empty space beside her.
He ignored the gesture. “You are walking a dangerous line, flaunting your connections. What if one of your neighbors thinks you really are a traitor? You could be harmed.”
“I actually detect sincerity in your concern.” The corner of her mouth lifted before falling. She touched her index finger to the corner of her eye. It came away damp. “Did the war chip away your stone exterior…” She eyed the door to the foyer and her voice dropped. “Or was it someone else?”
“I hadn’t intended to hurt you.” Or to fall in love with Madeline. But he had, and he wouldn’t change it, even to spare Laure pain.
Or himself.
He still wasn’t certain Madeline would accept his suit. She had vowed to become a nun.
“Of course you didn’t.” Laure reached into her sleeve, tugged out a lace square and patted her nose. “Frankly, I wasn’t sure it was possible. I’d been chipping away at your stony exterior for so long, I wondered if I’d have to chisel a heart for you as well.”
He, too, had wondered if he’d even possessed one. Madeline had shown him that he had, shown him how to love. He prayed she wouldn’t show him how to mourn her loss. Luc cupped his knees. “I’m sorry.”
Laure swallowed hard and sniffed. “I’ve done my grieving. When the fort fell, I thought you died. If you don’t mind, I’ll keep pretending. Folks are kinder to widows than to jilted brides.”
A lone tear streaked down her cheek. She turned away and blotted it dry.
“I don’t mind. I deserve it.” Luc felt the cushion beneath him. How could he still be sitting on the chair when he felt lower than dirt?
“Do you love her?”
He opened his mouth.
Drawing in a ragged breath, she raised her hand and collapsed against the side of the settee. “I can see that you do. Does she love you?”
He rubbed the back of his neck. “She promised her father before he was executed to become a nun.”
Shock slackened Laure’s features before her lips tilted up. She threw back her head and laughed. “If she breaks your heart for a higher calling, think of me.”
His lips twitched. “Misery loves company?”
She caught her breath. “I’d take you back. Pride isn’t worth much nowadays.”
But he wouldn’t ask and they both knew it. Whatever they could have been belonged to a future that no longer existed.
Nodding, he wiped his damp palms on his trousers and thought of all the pond scum he could look up to. Theirs had been an arranged marriage; he hadn’t been aware that she loved him. Had he really been so dense?
And could he have missed signs from Madeline regarding her true feelings?
Laure rose to her feet and held out her hand. “Come, I’ll show you to your room. Gilles will come to take you to Holland at midnight.”

#

Sitting at the vanity, Madeline drew the silver brush through her hair. Static electricity crackled as her curls snapped back. She hadn’t seen Luc since this afternoon when they’d arrived at his fiancée’s chateau. Had they made up? Would another woman be joining their party across the border?
She rubbed her breastbone but couldn’t alleviate the ache. Was it so wrong of her to want a few more memories of Luc? To pretend they shared a deeper relationship? To have him kiss her again?
Her reflection stared back at her.
Our paths were destined to diverge—hers to the convent, his to the front. Placing the brush on the table, she clasped her skull and hung her head. She was a wicked, wicked woman. How could she ever become a nun?
A soft scratch sounded at the door.
Rubbing her prickling nose, she straightened. “Yes?”
The door opened on silent hinges.
“Oh good, you haven’t gone to sleep yet.” Laure slipped inside.
On the ground floor, the grandfather sounded two o’clock.
Rising from the vanity, Madeline stuffed her arms into her robe. Borrowed, like the beautiful green dress she’d worn here. “I wanted to thank you for your hospitality, and…” She swallowed the wad of guilt clogging her throat. “And apologize for any misunderstanding. I only meant to offer Luc comfort and strength. He’s helped me so much, I wanted to return the favor.”
“Luc? I’ve always called him Baron or Man of Stone.” Laure brushed the wool traveling dress hanging on the chair back. “This was the dress I wore when he proposed to me. Did he recognize it, I wonder?”
Madeline’s legs shook. Could he have kissed her thinking of another? Her lunch threatened to revisit her mouth.
“No, I daresay, he didn’t.” Laure frowned and snapped a thread off the cuff. “I don’t think he has a romantic bone in his body. Everything he did was because his mother expected it of him. Nothing more, nothing less.”
Madeline locked her knees to remain upright.
“Except that kiss he gave you. On a street, where everyone could see.” Laure sucked in a ragged breath. Tears shimmered in her eyes. “I would give everything I own to experience that. I tried to provoke a response from him during the two years we were engaged. I couldn’t even get him angry.”
“I’m sorry.”
“So am I.” Laure crossed to the window and closed the curtains. “Do you love him?”
Madeline collapsed onto the chest at the foot of the iron bedstead. Did she love him? Yes. No, she mustn’t. “I promised my father I’d become a nun.”
She didn’t want to be a nun.
She wanted to be a nurse.
Just a nurse.
And maybe a part of Luc’s world.
Laure pulled down the corner of the blue and white coverlet. “Don’t break Luc’s heart. He might not survive it.”
Madeline milked her fingers. She held Luc’s heart. He loved her. For an instant, her soul soared toward the Heavens. A heartbeat later it crashed to earth. How could that be? “I don’t understand. He’s engaged to you.”
“I’ve released him.” Laure raised her chin while skirting the bed and closing the drapes on the other window. Darkness filled the small bedroom. “I deserve someone who loves me and isn’t just doing his duty. Everyone does. God would probably agree.”
Fabric swished, then light flooded in as the door to the hallway opened and closed.
Laure paused. “Think about what I’ve said.”
“I will.” Madeline doubted she would think of anything else.
Suddenly, Holland was much too close.



Chapter Twenty-Two


Madeline transferred the tapestry bag to her left hand and tucked the right under her arm pit. Cold penetrated her coat and her multiple layers of clothing underneath. By the time feeling returned to her fingers, she’d be ready to switch back. Sighing, she glanced around.
Bone-colored branches blocked her view of the stars. Frost caused the carpet of leaves underfoot to sparkle in the moonlight. The scent of brine clung to the mist drifting in clumps through the forest. Nearby, an owl hooted. The only sound other than the rustle of their footfalls.
The border had to be close.
And still Luc hadn’t uttered a word.
Not that their midnight trek for freedom offered much opportunity for conversation. Neither were they alone. Their guide, Gilles, skulked ahead. In the low light, his lean frame hunched into his bulky coat.
She stumbled over a tree root.
Balancing Mathieu on one arm, Luc steadied her with his other.
She leaned against him for a moment and inhaled the spicy scent of his skin.
“Just a little longer.” His warm breath caressed the shell of her ear.
She bit her lip. She didn’t want just a little longer. She wanted him. She wanted... Forever.
But it wasn’t to be.
Straightening, she pulled out of his hold. He didn’t love her like Laure had suggested. He would have said something, anything, if he did. Maybe not when the German patrols had passed, or when they’d taken refuge in the ruins of an old chateau, but there’d been kilometers when he could have indicated he felt something tender toward her.
Instead, he’d played with rocks as if to take a piece of Belgium with him.
Other times, he’d rested his hand on her back, held her hand, or carried Mathieu.
What was she to make of such actions?
Pausing by a pine tree, their guide waved them forward.
Madeline rushed to join him. She had to put some distance between herself and Luc. Maybe then she’d gain a little perspective. She’d made a promise. He’d made a promise.
Their promises weren’t compatible to a life together.
Luc kept pace behind her. His free hand brushed the small of her back. Again.
Her body warmed despite the cold. Perhaps his silence was a blessing and would make their parting easier. Her heart slammed angrily against her chest at the thought.
When she reached the guide, he tugged her down.
Moor grass stabbed her skirt and sand dampened the wool fabric. A search light drifted across the fog and landed on a cow drinking from a pool of water.
Luc dropped beside her without the guide’s assistance. He swore softly at the flat exposed land stretching between them and freedom. He shook her brother’s shoulder. “Wake up, Mathieu. I can’t carry you through this.”
Her brother grumbled and rubbed his eyes. “Are we there yet?”
“Nearly.” She smoothed his cowlick out of his face and made sure he stayed hidden in the tall grass.
The guide pointed Northwest. “On the other side of those entanglements is Holland.”
A yellow haze burned near the ground in the direction he pointed. Madeline blinked. Yes, she was tired, but she wasn’t so exhausted she thought the sun rose in the west. “What’s that?”
“Boches.” The guide spat before removing his floppy hat and wiping his mouth with it. “They’re building an electrified fence to stop us from moving back and forth.”
Her pulse stuttered. Blindly, she reached for Luc. Her hand landed on his thigh. He gasped. She didn’t care. “We have to climb an electrified fence?”
In a dress? There was no way she’d make it over the top. Perhaps if she removed her skirt and blouse and climbed in her chemise and drawers.
“No.” The guide screwed his hat on his head until it covered his ears. “We’re going under the part that isn’t electrified yet.”
She sagged against Luc. Thank God for that. Crawling she could do.
Luc pried her fingers from his thigh, but held onto her hand. “If we cross over there, that’s too close to the light. We’ll be seen.”
The guide, Gilles, groped in the grass before lifting a long pole. Mists clung above the pools. A light breeze pushed through the grass and heather. “That’s why we’re going North. There’s a guard that can be bribed to look the other way while I lift the wire and we crawl under it.”
Luc squeezed. “Keep low, we’ll make it.”
Gilles glanced at them one last time. “We’re going to be cold and wet, but alive.”
Hefting the pole, he hunched over and followed the path snaking down the dune.
Releasing her, Luc eased the bag from her grip. “Mathieu, follow Gilles then Madeline.”
Mathieu slipped around a bend.
Madeline hustled to keep up. Her heels sank into the sand. Grass scratched at her skirts. A lone birch trunk stood sentinel near a pocket of water.
Searchlights criss-crossed overhead, changing the grass from gray to green before moving on. A sheep bleated in the distance. Another answered.
A gunshot followed. The report echoed over the heath.
Her knees buckled. The impact rattled her teeth inside her head.
Mathieu and Luc bookended her.
Their guide glanced back. White teeth flashed at them. “The Boches will soon be cooking up their breakfast. They’ll be too busy to look for us.”
Gilles waved for them to rise and continue.
She just hoped one sheep was enough. Madeline pushed to her feet. Her legs wobbled but held. She staggered after her brother.
Luc cupped her elbow. “It’s true. The cabbageheads take food almost as seriously as a Frenchman.”
She nodded. He would know, he’d spent months avoiding their patrols.
Time passed to the shush of the wind through the grass. Every once in a while, she heard the swish of fish in the pools. They serpentined through the grass, waded knee-deep through frigid water. Her skirts weighed her down. Clammy fabric slapped her legs with each step. Her thighs trembled. Her back ached from the crouch-walk. Her mouth dried. She wanted a drink, wanted to feel her toes.
Wanted to be there already.
Mathieu glanced back at her and opened his mouth.
She shook her head and held her finger to her lips.
German words of warning shattered the night.
Their guide motioned for them to stop.
A laugh answered. Soon the Boches’ conversation flowed freely.
Madeline dropped to her knees. Fatigue tugged her eyelids down. Two nights of traveling and barely any sleep. She would take this moment to rest, just a moment.
Warmth cradled her shoulders and for a little while she felt like she was floating. Luc filled her senses. He stroked her hair through the shawl covering it.
Burying her nose in his neck, she felt herself let go, like a balloon snatched by the wind. She could stay here forever.
Luc chuckled.
The vibration rippled through her and she jerked awake. The guide was gone, but he’d left the pole.
Mathieu snored softly from where he was curled on the ground.
How could he sleep?
She shook herself. Why shouldn’t he? She had.
Luc kissed her hair. Her ear. Her cheek.
She turned slowly into his kiss.
Grass rustled. The guide stomped through, shaking his fists. “The damn guard wants more money to let us by. Said he’s been feeling real bad. With his son on the front, his conscience is telling him he might be helping to get his boy killed.”
Madeline sat up, soft flesh shifted under her bottom. Luc’s flesh. Heat seared her insides. She was sitting on Luc’s lap!
He winked at her.
With a huff, Gilles sank to the ground. “I don’t suppose either of you brought money?”
Scrambling free of Luc’s embrace, Madeline reached for her bag.
“No.” Luc dipped inside his vest pocket. Gold winked from his palm. “But I have this.”
Gilles shook his head. “That’s worth too much. The next time, the thief will want more and more until we won’t be able to afford the bribes.”
Dipping inside her bag, she fished for her mother’s prized spoons. The tapestry abraded her fingertips before she brushed the cold metal. Gathering them one at time, she pulled the set of four out. “Will this do?”
Leaning forward, Gilles plucked them from her palm and bit the tips. “It would be enough for you and the boy, but not him.” The guide nodded toward Luc. “The Boche will know you’re a soldier and won’t let you pass.”
She rooted around the bag until her fingers clunked against the wrapped candlesticks.
Luc grabbed her arm. “No, I won’t let you. They’re supposed to be your dowry for the church.”
“The countess was correct. The world doesn’t need more nuns to pray things work out, it needs soldiers to make certain things do.”
“I won’t let you do it.”
“And I won’t cross without you.” Grabbing the edge of the chemise, she unwrapped the silver treasure.
“Madeline.” Luc growled. “What have I done to deserve you?”
She caught her breath. He didn’t mean it like it sounded. If he had feelings for her like a man had for a woman, surely he would have mentioned them before now.
“God brought me into this world with nothing. If he wants me in the convent, he’ll accept me with nothing.”
And if He didn’t... she melted into the ground. If the church wouldn’t take her without a dowry, she’d be free. She straightened. Free. She delved into the bag. Where were those candlesticks?
Luc gulped air. “You’d be a bargain.”
Why was he always saying such romantic things? The next candlestick, she found in her dress. Balancing them on her palms, she presented them to Gilles. “Will this suffice?”
“Yes.” The guide plucked up the offering and disappeared into the grass.
Luc caressed her cheek. “I will spend the rest of my life making it up to you.”
“Then live. Survive this war.” She leaned into his touch. If only she could spend every night in his arms... If only she had a sign that released her from her promise to her father.
“Madeline, I know we haven’t known each other for long. I know I’m responsible for—”
“Shh.” She set her finger over his lips, then traced the curve of his mouth. Such a beautiful thing. Centimeter by centimeter she closed the distance. Just one last kiss...
Just one to build her dreams upon.
She touched her lips to his. Her tongue slipped past to taste him.
His fingers dug into her hip, then he took control, sealing their mouths, fusing them. He cradled her head, tilted it to the side for better access. He sucked the breath from her body and refilled her with his essence.
Grass whispered.
Luc stiffened and broke their connection.
Gilles picked up the pole. “Hurry. We’ve five minutes to make it through the entanglements.”
Groaning, Luc stood with her in his arms. “Remember what just happened when we get to the other side.”
Remember? She was unlikely to forget it. Ever.
Luc set her on her feet.
While she roused Mathieu, Luc picked up her bag.
Her brother bolted awake and clutched her hand. “Maddy.”
She tugged him after their guide. “Come. We’re going to play soldiers.”
Holding her soggy skirts, she jogged along the sandy trail.
Gilles waited near three lines of barbed wire. Shoving the pole underneath, he lifted the end of the first one, clearing the way for them to crawl.
Mathieu belly-flopped and scrambled underneath.
Madeline dropped on all fours before wiggling across the matted grass on her stomach. They were almost to Holland! They were going to make it. They huddled near the second entanglement and waited.
Luc chucked the bag through first. It hit the wire and the rattle traveled down the line.
Madeline trapped a gasp behind her teeth. Had someone heard that? Would they come running to investigate?
Luc scrambled into view seconds before their guide. In one smooth motion, Gilles pulled the pole free from one barbed wire barricade and shoved it under the next.
She followed her brother and watched his feet disappear beneath the last one. She dove after him. Close behind her, Luc shoved the bag.
Ghostly silhouettes stood on the other side. A burly man with bushy whiskers and a bowler. The other a formless specter in flowing robes.
She pushed to her feet. Please don’t be soldiers. Please don’t arrest Luc when they’ve come this far.
Mathieu darted toward a formless specter on the right. “Aunt Heddy.”
“Mathieu!” Mother Superior Marie Hedwig Fusil opened her arms wide. “We were so afraid you wouldn’t make it.”
Luc rose slowly to his feet. He raised a hand in Madeline’s direction, then forced it to his side.
Everything inside her screamed to reach for him. But her body betrayed her and she remained frozen, a statue of duty.
A man ambled forward with a ball in his hands. He rolled it under the barbed wire entanglements. “Mail.”
“Received,” Gilles’s hoarse whisper returned. The metal rattled and settled into place, but their guide didn’t join them.
Aunt Heddy glided over and folded Madeline in her embrace. “Madeline. Welcome to my home.” She laughed softly. “Or I should say your new home. I can promise you we won’t kick you out.”



Chapter Twenty-Three


The breeze swished through the moor grass and buffeted Luc with the pungent scent of brackish water. Pine needles crunched under foot and oak leaves rustled at the base of birch trees. Skeletal branches reached for the stars in pagan supplication.
He closed his eyes and allowed the night to crush him. They were safe in Holland, and he was out of time.
“Come, children.” Mother Superior Heddy’s voice drifted like a prayer. “I’ve a wagon waiting.”
Madeline couldn’t leave just yet. Luc opened his eyes.
She stared at him. Blond curls escaped the shawl covering her head and teased her smooth cheek.
His hand fisted in his pocket. The ring, he’d so carefully crafted from a length of barbed wire, dug into his palm.
Mathieu clasped the nun’s hand and turned away from the entanglement separating them from their homeland. “Do you have a dog, Aunt Heddy?”
“A dog?” Moonlight glowed on the white band of Heddy’s habit. “I don’t have one. They are not allowed at the convent.”
Mathieu’s shoulders drooped. “No dogs?”
Madeline swayed on her feet and bit her lip.
Luc stepped forward. A boy should have a dog. It was practically a Belgian tradition.
“Well.” Heddy led the boy along the path between the grass and heather. “Many of the refugees have them. So there will be some you can play with until they return home.”
Hanging her head, Madeline turned to go.
“Wait.” The word ripped out of Luc’s mouth. The rest stuck in his raw throat. He had to say something.
“Luc,” she sighed.
Heddy glanced back. Her long robes and habit flapped in the breeze. “Don’t tarry, Maddy. We must return to the convent before morning prayers.”
Madeline whimpered.
Luc’s heart took flight, practically lifted him off the heath. She didn’t want to become a nun. Maybe... maybe there was hope for him yet. For them yet.
The burly man on his right shifted before sliding the long pole in his hands into the grass. “I’ll give you two a moment alone.”
Luc nodded. His knuckles grazed the back of her hand before he hooked her pinky with his.
Her hand trembled.
“Madeline.” His brain seized on her name and refused to churn out more words. Words that would tell her that he loved her. That she meant the world to him. That every Boche he killed would be to avenge her parents, to keep her safe, and bring her home.
She hadn’t wanted her parents avenged.
Both knew safety was an illusion.
And she had a home awaiting her.
In a convent. With her family. Following her dream to become a nurse.
“Luc.” The skin around her eyes tightened. “I didn’t think it would be so hard.”
Then don’t leave, his brain shouted. His lips remained sealed. Doubt crept into the silence.
He had nothing to offer her. His home was occupied by the enemy, his small annuity was held hostage in a Belgian bank... He raked his hand through his hair.
Even his future was in jeopardy.
If they married and he died... She and Mathieu wouldn’t even have his soldier’s pay to live on.
How could he love her and yet demand she make such a sacrifice?
He couldn’t. The weight of his decision settled in his stomach and nearly brought him to his knees. He had to let her go.
She blinked rapidly and a diamond tear scored her cheek.
“Don’t cry.” He cupped her jaw and dried it with his thumb. Letting her go was the right thing to do. So why did it feel so wrong? Why did he rebel at the very idea of never seeing her again?
Of never kissing her again.
She sniffed. “We’ve been through so much...”
And he wanted to experience so much more with her at his side. He wanted everything with her. He wanted her. The makeshift ring burned into his palm.
“I’m sorry.”
She recoiled at his apology then shook herself. “Stay alive, Luc. Chase the Germans back across the frontier.”
Her mouth opened then snapped closed. Raising on tiptoe, she kissed his cheek.
He kept his arms stiffly at his side. Her nearness was Heaven and Hell.
“I’ll pray for you.” She turned around and fled up the dune.
He fell to his knees. Gone. She was gone. And so was that spark she’d ignited inside him. Nothing but coals remained where a fire had once raged. Warmth trickled between his fingers. He opened his fist. Blood coated the ring.
In front of him, a harness jingled.
Behind him, Boches reminisced of having their picture taken in front of the Belgian royal palace with the German flag flying overhead.
A man cleared his throat. “Come. The cabbageheads like to shoot through the wire.”
Nodding, Luc rose. He shambled forward on legs made of stumps of wood. Fog clung to his bare skin. Droplets trailed down his spine. Had he made the right decision?
She had seemed so miserable.
They traveled over the dunes until they reached the forest. Pale ruts marked the road snaking through the woods. A fairy light bobbed in the distance.
Madeline’s carriage.
She wasn’t too far away.
He could still reach her. Beg her to come back.
The man pointed at the vanishing carriage. “I’m surprised you let her go.”
Despite the rounding of his consonants and thickening of hissyllables, his French was understandable.
“I didn’t want to.” Luc stiffened but followed his new guide. His feet dragged along the packed dirt.
“Then why did you?”
Why? Because Luc couldn’t support her... because he might die... because she might look at him and blame him for her parents’ execution... He didn’t want to think of the whys anymore. Every time he did, more things joined the list.
The man jiggled coins in his pocket. “You are the soldier, right?”
“Lieutenant Lucien Duplan.” Thrusting out his hand, he swallowed the laughter. He’d forgotten his manners.
“Jochem Pietersen.” Jochem’s bushy sideburns shook. Calluses thickened the tips of his fingers but not the pads. The man didn’t work the land for a living. “What are you folks over there fighting for, Lieutenant?”
“Belgium.”
“Ock, folks have been fighting for the land forever.” Jochem’s coat flapped against his tree trunk thick legs.
No one had to tell Luc that. His country was relatively new on the world stage. “What Belgium stands for—autonomy and freedom.”
“Ah, freedom. Your womenfolk aren’t eligible for this freedom you kill for?”
“Of course they are!” Did Jochem think they were savages? Luc stiffened. Belgians were civilized and enlightened.
“Then why you not give the girl a choice? Choice is freedom, ja?”
Luc stopped. Hope burst free and filled the crevices inside him. Madeline deserved a choice. Madeline. He spun on his heel and sprinted after the carriage.
Jochem yelled after him. “You will have spots on tonight’s midnight train. Do not be late!”
Luc pumped his arms faster. Please God, don’t let him be too late!



Chapter Twenty-Four


Madeline’s breath fogged the window. Sleet bounced off the neat squares of dead grass in the center courtyard. Perfectly trimmed evergreen boughs glistened in the afternoon light. No weed marred the stone walkway. In the convent walls enclosing the courtyard, windows and doors lined up in orderly rows.
She scratched her skin under the novice’s habit. Her old clothes had been taken for cleaning and dispersement among the refugees huddled inside the convent walls. Pulling up her hem, she stared at her coarse, plain drawers.
Everything was gone. Her parents. Her clothes. Her brother had been ushered to the orphaned boys’ ward. Luc... She wrote his name on the fogged glass then wiped it off with her sleeve.
At least she could nurse.
With all the refugees around, they were bound to need some assistance.
A soft knock sounded at the door.
Leaving the window, she tucked her hair under her habit. Soon it too would be gone. “Come in.”
Novice Brigit poked her head around the corner. Red freckles stood out on her cheeks. “Mother Superior would like to see you.”
“I’ll be right there.” Madeline cast back in her memories. Had she done something wrong? Perhaps this was about her lack of dowry. With all the refugees, the money would have been most welcome. And she would gladly have given it. These were her countrymen and women after all.
Running her damp palms down her bodice, she walked to the door. The scent of unwashed bodies hit her at the threshold. French and Flemish dialects blended together in the hallway. Women in shabby clothes clustered around doors. Children of all ages lined the walls. Some held cloth dolls, others rolled balls across the corridor. Two girls plaited a toddler’s brown hair.
Madeline mounted the stairs at the end of the hall. The waxed steps creaked as she climbed. A group of teenagers huddled around a faded magazine on the landing.
Incense permeated the air. Boys’ singing echoed in the chapel attached to the convent. Once on the second floor, Madeline turned toward the offices. Parchment mingled with the fragrance of fresh beeswax and something else...
Her heart lurched. Luc. He plagued her thoughts and now she could even smell him.
Madeline paused outside her aunt’s door. Time to put thoughts of Luc aside. She had to become a nun. She’d promised her father.
If only Luc had asked her to choose something else...
But he hadn’t and she had only one recourse. Taking a deep breath, she checked her hair then rapped on the door.
“Come in.” Her aunt chirped from the other side.
Madeline’s damp palm slipped on the knob before she managed to turn it. She’d done nothing wrong. Nothing that she could think of, anyway.
Aunt Heddy snapped the watch in her hand closed before tucking it into a drawer. Sighing, she clasped her hands on the scarred desk in front of her. “Please have a seat, Maddy.”
Easing between the two plain wood chairs in front of the desk, Madeline chose the one on the right. “Did I do something wrong, Aunt Heddy?”
“No, child.” A soft smile played with her aunt’s lips and deepened the lines radiating from her green eyes. A moment later, all signs of humor disappeared. “But I think you might be on the verge of.”
Madeline’s mouth dried. Her aunt couldn’t know her thoughts. She fell to her knees and clasped her aunt’s hands. “I promise to behave. I vow to be the best nun ever. Please, don’t send us home.”
“I would never send you back to Belgium, Maddy.” Aunt Heddy entwined their fingers. “I know you and your brother would be killed.”
She sank down until her bottom rested on her heels. “I don’t understand.”
“I know. I didn’t either until…” Aunt Heddy waved her hand. Her plain gold band caught the light. “Were you called to serve God, Maddy?”
She bit her lip. Lying was a sin. Good nuns didn’t lie. She stared at the oak floor. Her reflection stared back.
“Your father made you promise, didn’t he? A deathbed promise you feel obligated to keep.”
“I’d been asked to leave my other aunt’s convent. Instead of returning home with my dowry, I used it to attend school.” Madeline rose to her knees. “Nurse school. I was a good nurse-in-training. I can be again, and I’m willing to learn. With all the refugees here, I can tend to their injuries. Under another Sister’s supervision, of course.”
Perhaps, her skills would make up for her misdeeds.
Aunt tightened her grip. “We don’t nurse here.”
The information landed hard in her stomach. Not nurse? But wasn’t that what nuns did? Of course, they did more. “I can teach. I was very good at geography and mathematics.”
“Half of Belgium traveled into Holland at the fall of Antwerp. We have plenty of teachers.”
Madeline squeezed her eyes closed. No nursing, no dogs, no teaching. “What can I do?”
Pulling free, Aunt Heddy leaned back in her chair. “What would you do if you hadn’t made your father that promise?”
Follow Luc to France, nurse the soldiers. Frustration clawed at her insides. “What does it matter? I promised.”
“In exchange for forgiveness.” Aunt Heddy tsked. “Forgiveness is freely given not bartered for.”
“Papa wouldn’t have made me keep my promise, if he had lived.” But he hadn’t. Madeline buried her face in her hands.
“Of course, he wouldn’t have. Your father loved you.” Fabric swished and rosary beads clicked together. “I think he’d already forgiven you, but he wanted to keep you safe. He probably thought the church was safe.”
Madeline peeked through her fingers at her aunt. “He’d heard the rumors of what the Germans had done. No place was safe.”
Aunt Heddy smiled down at her. “Can you forgive yourself?”
Could she? Madeline’s skin crawled. She had lied to him, taken his money and used it for her own selfish pursuits. She was sorry for it. But… The guilt dissipated. “Nursing felt right. And I helped people. I even helped deliver a baby, held him when he opened his eyes and saw the world for the first time.”
“Sometimes we find our calling.” Aunt Heddy offered her a hand up. “Other times it tracks us down and forces us to decide between what we think we should do and what is God’s will.”
Madeline slid her palm against her aunt’s before rising. “I wish to become a nurse, Aunt Heddy.”
Her aunt kissed her cheek. “I think you will be a fine nurse, and perhaps something more.”
“More?”
Aunt Heddy crossed to the door and opened it. “All will be revealed soon. Just follow your heart. Love is truly the greatest gift.”
No sooner had her aunt left the room, then another entered.
Madeline propped herself up on the desk. “Luc.”
He’d come back. Could it be…
He held up a hand. Scratches marred his fingertips. “Don’t say anything. I—I need to speak before these things inside me overwhelm my faculties again.”
Heart hammering at her chest, she nodded.
Shifting the chairs to the side, he knelt in front of her. “I love you, Madeline. I’m sorry I made you cry. I’m sorry I almost left without giving you a say in your future.” He fumbled in his trouser pockets before pinching something in his vest pocket.
Her fingers dug into the wood desk top.
“We haven’t known each other for long, and… and I’m sure I haven’t made the best impression. But I will be loyal and true to you above all others. All else. I couldn’t be any less as you are my heart. My reason for being.” He held up the offering.
Two strands of wire formed a ring. The barbs had been bent into two crude hearts.
“I will turn myself into the guards here and spend my days in a prisoner of war camp if you promise to visit. To let me court you and convince you to marry me and not…not God. Even if you don’t want me, you don’t have to become a nun. I gave my watch to your aunt. It’s more than enough to see you through your schooling.” The ring shook in his hand.
She steadied it with her own. His touch tethered her to the ground. Marry her. Court her. She would allow this but not the others. “No.”
“No?” His brow furrowed and his shoulders drooped.
“I won’t let you turn yourself in.” She dropped to her knees in front of him before sliding the ring on her finger. A perfect fit, as she knew it would be. “Belgium needs good nurses and soldiers. We go to France or England and join the fight. We can’t disappoint our King and country, can we?”
Surging to his feet, he wrapped her in his embrace, dipped her back, and kissed her.
She surrendered to his mastery but matched him stroke for stroke and touch for touch.
It was the best way to start their forever.



Epilogue


11 November, 1918
11:00 a.m.

One by one, rusted by four years of disuse, church bells pealed out over the Flanders countryside. Trenches and bomb craters carved up the earth. Boche equipment littered the ground. Men worked on the sea wall to once more hold back the tide and reclaim the land that had so recently separated the Belgian Army from the Germans.
Colonel Lucien Duplan guided his horse through the stream of people, carts, wagons, and automobiles of every shape and size. He headed not toward Antwerp, but away from it.
Cheers rose up. Men embraced women and other men.
“The war is over!” Wounded soldiers shouted from the ambulances motoring by.
“The war is over!” Civilians shouted back. “We can return home!”
Home was exactly where Luc intended to be. And, God willing, he would never part from his wife again. His leaves had been all too short.
And their close brushes with death all too frequent.
He touched the dried blood at his temple, a souvenir from his command to retake Antwerp before the armistice. Thankfully, his wife was available to nurse him back to health. Chuckling under his breath, he dug his heels into the horse’s flanks and headed toward a temporary hospital set up near Ghent.
His steed surged through the thinning ranks before he veered off the road into a side camp.
“Luc!” Twelve-year old Mathieu Thevenet dropped the box in his hands. Bandages burst free and scattered across the ground.
Leopold barked and rose slowly to all fours. Gray tinged the shepherd’s muzzle. Scars marred the animal’s coat—a testament to his own journey out of occupied Belgium nearly four years ago.
“Pick them up, young man. Just because the war is over, doesn’t mean we don’t have wounded to tend.” Standing beside the open tent flap, a Red Cross nurse set her hands on her hips. “And you! Find your wife and stop her from over exerting herself. She’s already been in the ward twice today.”
Luc swore softly. Madeline was up to her usual tricks. Reining his mount to a stop, he chucked the reins at his young brother-in-law. “Where is she?”
Grinning, Mathieu stepped forward to ride the horse. “I’ll never tell.”
The nurse cuffed him upside the head. “I chased the Baroness to the nursery half an hour ago.” She checked the watch pinned to her flat chest. “She should be ready to visit the wards again in five minutes.”
He strode across the empty yard.
Smoking near the shattered stump of a tree, two orderlies pointed to the remains of a church. A tent formed the roof. Boards covered missing windows on the right. A bell lay on top of a heap of bricks on the left. Crying sounded from within.
Crying turned to laughter.
Luc grinned. Despite the mud sucking at his boots, his steps were light. Madeline.
As if summoned by his thoughts, she appeared in the doorway. Propped on her hip, a chubby three-year old slurped on her thumb. Madeline scratched her oversized belly. “Took you long enough.”
“Everyone wanted leave.” He held out his arms to his daughter. “Come to Papa, Poppet.”
“Papa.” Gooey fingers opened and closed like pinchers.
He eased Poppet free then leaned in to kiss his wife. A second passed, then two. Her mouth was familiar territory and he visited the best spots. She clung to him and moaned. God, he missed her.
“Papa!” A wet finger invaded his ear.
Luc pulled back and grabbed his daughter’s finger before she deafened him. “You’re a troublemaker just like your mother.”
He wiggled his fingers over her soft belly. Poppet giggled and shoved at his hands.
“I’m not a troublemaker.” Madeline braced her back and winced. “I’m a nurse. Not that anyone will let me nurse anymore.”
“You’re the best nurse.” He kissed his wife’s cheek and helped her down the cracked stairs. “And I have it on good authority that you’ve been in the wards twice today.”
“That wasn’t for—” She clamped her hands over her mouth.
For what? He had a feeling he wasn’t going to like the answer. Luc set Poppet on the ground and aimed her toward her uncle. “Go help Uncle Mathieu clean up his mess.”
“Unca Madu.” She ran as fast as her chubby legs would carry her, but swerved to hug the dog first. The old shepherd practically smiled at the pats to his head.
Luc turned to his wife and gently but firmly pried her hands free. “Why were you in the wards?”
She stared over his shoulder and waved her hands. “It’s nothing. Madame is just overreacting.”
“Madame doesn’t overreact.” Luc wasn’t entirely certain Madame had ever experienced an emotion. She was always so calm and in control. “Now tell me.”
Madeline clamped her lips together.
“I have ways of making you talk.” He turned her so their bellies touched. Except hers was hard and tight. Clenched, in fact.
She slowly exhaled and sagged against him.
Christ Almighty! “You’re in labor!”
But she wasn’t due for weeks. He knew the dates of all his leaves. Of course, he had also carried special messages for the King, and visited his wife during his brief stops.
Cradling her belly, she nodded. “You were supposed to come for me in a lorry or ambulance, not on a horse.”
Wrapping his arm around her back, he ushered her toward the ward. “What for? You’re not in any shape to travel.”
She glared at him. “I want to have our next child in a free Belgium, in our own home.”
“Belgium is free.” He kissed her forehead, inhaled the clean scent of soap and sunshine. “And my home is wherever our children and Mathieu are. And since the day I met you, home has been you. My home is you.”
“I knew you’d put things to rights as soon as I saw you.” She rose on tiptoes. Her lips bussed his cheeks seconds before she clutched his shoulders. “Take me to Madame.”
Luc motioned the orderlies over. Together, they carried her into the darkened tent. Only one bed remained.
Madame stood by it. “Are we ready to deliver now?”
“Yesss,” Madeline hissed. Her face scrunched in pain as she nearly folded in half.
“Colonel, you will need to assist as everyone has gone forward.”
Luc swayed on his feet. He’d rather face a Boche firing squad.
Madeline squeezed his hand. “You’ll be fine. I’m doing most of the hard work.”
Metal flashed. The makeshift ring he’d crafted when he’d proposed then married her at her aunt’s convent winked alongside a simple gold band he’d slipped on her finger during the civil ceremony once they’d reached the Belgian Army. She needed him; he would be there. He harnessed his courage with his bootstraps. “I’m yours to command.”
At twelve-twenty, Luc handed a pink, squalling son to his wife.
Two minutes later, he held a newborn daughter. Twins! He had never been so blessed.
Madeline checked the number of fingers and toes of their son. “If our home keeps expanding like this, your house had better have plenty of rooms.”
Fabric swished. Mathieu guided Poppet across the room.
“It does.” At one time, he’d thought it had too many. He perched on the side of the cot. Now he appreciated each one. “And I can’t wait to fill them all with you by my side.”



Author’s Note:


The smuggling of soldiers out of occupied Belgium is based on the accounts recorded by Princess Marie de Croy and the nurses who served under Nurse Edith Cavell. If you are interested in further reading, I would recommend With Edith Cavell in Belgium by Jacqueline Van Til and War Memories by Princess Marie de Croy.



If you enjoyed this story, I hope you pick up the next book in the series, Entanglements due to be published in May 2014.

I’m also on twitter @LindaAndrews
And facebook: www.facebook.com/Linda-Andrews
And have a blog: http://lindaandrews.wordpress.com/



About the Author:


Linda Andrews lives in Phoenix, Arizona with her husband, three children and a menagerie of domesticated animals. While she started writing a decade ago, she always used her stories to escape the redundancy of her day job as a scientist and never thought to actually combine her love of fiction and science. DOH! After that Homer Simpson moment, she allowed the two halves of her brain to talk to each other. The journeys she’s embarked on since then are dark, twisted and occasionally violent, but never predictable. If you’ve enjoyed her story, she’d love to hear from you at lindaandrews at lindaandrews dot net
