

EVER 
after
DRAKE

KEARY TAYLOR


Copyright © 2014 Keary Taylor
 
EVER AFTER DRAKE
Keary Taylor

Published by Keary Taylor at Smashwords
First Edition

Copyright 2014 Keary Taylor


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and download your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

ALSO BY KEARY TAYLOR

THE McCAIN SAGA
Moments of Julian

What I Didn’t Say

FALL OF ANGELS
Branded
Forsaken
Vindicated
Afterlife: the novelette companion to Vindicated

THE EDEN TRILOGY
The Bane
The Human
The Eve
The Raid: an Eden short story
The Ashes: an Eden prequel


CONNECT WITH KEARY ONLINE AT
FACEBOOK
TWITTER
KEARYTAYLOR.COM


CONTENTS

Copyright
Also by Keary Taylor

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven

About Keary Taylor




CHAPTER ONE

I believe in fairy tales.  I believe in happily ever after and having a true love’s first kiss after knowing someone for only three days.
Life is depressing and boring if you can’t open up your heart and fall fast and hard.  If you can’t love furiously, what’s the point of living?  You might as well slowly freeze to death.
Princesses never get their hearts broken.  They get the beautiful gown and the cake as big as they are.  They get glitter and sparkly shoes.  But in the end, none of that stuff matters, because they’re marrying the love of their life.
All my life I’ve wanted to be a princess.  I’ve fallen, I’ve loved, I’ve laughed.  
This just isn’t working out.  I think we should break up.  Sorry, babe.
But in the end, I always wind up with this dead, black hole in the pit of my stomach.
This is the first time it’s come in the form of a text message though.
My fingers hover over my phone and a million nasty words are racing through my head.  Words like telling him what he ought to do go to himself.  Things like “what the bleepety bleep is wrong with you?!” are on the tips of my fingers.
But I can’t make those vile things come out of my head and onto the screen.  
Have a nice life, is what I reply.
It’s my curse.  I’m always too nice.  And sometimes I hate myself for that.
Because Alan deserves far worse for breaking up with me.  Via text.  After being together for four weeks.  After I took him on that fantastic vacation to the coast.  
After dropping this on me the morning of my first day at my new job.
“Crap!” I hiss, looking over at the clock and realizing I’ve got exactly forty-one minutes until my first class starts.
I scramble for the edge of my bed, only to have the sheets tangle around my feet.  This is unfortunate since I’m trying to stand up and cross the room.  My upper half leaves the comfort of my bed, and my lower stays put.
I crash to the ground and the wood floor gives the back of my head a wicked good-freaking-morning.
“Ow,” I wince, tears springing to my eyes.
I try very hard to convince myself that the tears are only because my head hurts.  They have nothing to do with Alan.
No time for a shower, I slap some deodorant on, spritz myself with some citrus body spray, and pull on some fresh underwear.  Thankfully, I set my clothes out the previous night and pull on some dress pants and a summery sleeveless shirt.  I squint at myself in the mirror for a minute, pulling a brush through my blond hair, wishing I had time to do something more with it than just let it fall in soft waves.  I dab on a fresh coat of mascara; and that is all I have time for.
It is exactly seven paces from my bathroom to the few cupboards and sink that make up my kitchen.  The studio apartment I moved into two weeks ago is tiny, but it’s all I can afford for the moment.  I grab a bagel from the fridge, wedge a tube of cream cheese in it, and grab the box of stuff I put by the front door last night.  
I feel frazzled and exhausted and slightly emotional, but at least I am out the door.
Grace, however, is not my middle name, and I nearly trip and stumble down the two flights of stairs and finally make it out the front doors.  
I scored the best parking spot last night and my aged red Mini Cooper is right in front of the door.  At least one thing is going right.
And leaning against my car is the one man in the world I know will never break my heart or disappoint me.
“Something told me this morning that you were going to have a rough start,” Armando Riche says with a smile.  He opens the back hatch for me and I trip as I step off the curb and the box tumbles into the back of the car.
“You are an angel,” I say as I right myself and accept the coffee he’s holding out.  I kiss his cheek as he does mine and he hugs me briefly.  “It’s been…an unfair morning.”
“What happened?” he asks.  His eyes seem so bright and alert on this cursed morning compared to his dark skin.  Flawless skin that looks like the smooth side of a Hershey bar.  “You seem upset.”
“Alan broke up with me,” I say with a sigh as I open the passenger door and fling my purse inside.  I then turn back to Armando and cross my arms over my chest.  “Via text.”
“No,” Armando says in horror.  His eyes grow wide and his mouth opens in a gigantic O of disbelief.  Classic drama queen.  “That repulsive hetero scumbag.”
“Tell me about it,” I say, my eyes stinging again.  My throat feels tight and my insides quiver.  “Ah, crap.  You’ve made me cry Armie!”  I wipe at my eyes just as one tear works its way onto my cheek.  “I’ve been doing so good up to this point.”
“You’re only crying because you know I care,” he says as he pulls me into a hug.  He puts a hand on the back of my head and holds me close into his chest.  As always, he smells amazing.
Armando not only smells nice, he dresses fantastically, has money, a pretty nice car.  He is the well paid assistant to some state senator I can never remember the name of.  His work keeps him crazy busy, but the times that I really need him, he’s there.  He listens, is always on time, never forgets my birthday, and always offers to pay for dinner.
He’d be perfect prince material if he wasn’t gay.
“I know,” I huff.  He releases me and I wipe at my cheeks again.  “K, I am seriously going to be late if I don’t leave now.  Thanks for this,” I say as I lift the coffee.
“You’re welcome,” he says with a smile, flashing blinding white teeth.  “Now, go knock some annoying teenagers dead.  Or smart.  Cause what I just said sounded pretty terrible.”
I give something that sounds like both a sob and a laugh and walk around to the driver’s side.  “Thanks again.  I love you, Armie.”
“Love you too, Ray of Kaylee.”  He winks at me as I slip into the driver’s seat and start the car.
I blow him a kiss and pull out onto the road.
My name is Kaylee Ray.  I’m twenty-three, a recent graduate of Western Washington University, and am scared to death for my first day as a high school history teacher.

It’s not a good sign that the halls are already crowded and crazy when I get to the school.  Students eager and anxious for the first day of school?  What are they?  Over achievers?
I have to push and shove my way through the crowd to get to my classroom.  This isn’t easy to do when you’re only one inch taller than five feet and look like you could pass for a freshman, not a teacher.
Thankfully with the three weeks from the time they hired me to when school started, I had enough days to get my room set up.  I got out of my apartment in Bellingham, moved down, and started getting familiar with Woodinville High School.  Unfortunately, my room is at the far back of the building, in the part that has yet to be remodeled.
I finally break through the crowd of students into my classroom and nearly stumble through the door.
I’ll be lucky if I make it through this day alive.
There are thirty desks in my room, all perfectly lined up in neat rows, just as I left them last night.  My ancient metal desk sits to one side of the front of the room, all my things neatly lined up and in their places.  Ancient green and white cabinets line the back wall, their linoleum peeling and flaking.  And at the front of the classroom is a thankfully fairly new whiteboard.
Unthankfully, it is so high on the wall I can only reach the lower two-thirds of the board.
Short people problems.
My heart breaks into a full on panic sprint when the five minute warning bell sounds.
I scurry across the room and set my box on the floor behind my desk and pull out its contents.  A stack of syllabi a mile high.
It’s something that I always remember my teachers doing in high school, so I start writing my name out on the board.
Miss Ray.
It’s one thing to be a student teacher.  Not that that hadn’t been terrifying.  But this is all on me.  There isn’t someone more experienced that can come swoop in and save me from destruction and humiliation at any moment.  
There isn’t anyone coming to my rescue.
I set the marker down and turn around as the first two students drift through the door.
I know I’m really freaking out when I notice some kind of crumb on the floor toward the back of the room and it starts driving me so crazy I have to pick it up.
I only obsessively clean when I’m nervous or stressed.  And right now I am both.
I give the two girls who just walked in a smile as I walk past them to that nuisance of a crumb.  I grab it and turn to head back to the front of the classroom.
And nearly walk right into someone.
“Hey,” he says with a cocky smile.  He’s tall, well over six feet, so he towers over me.  Then again, so does pretty much everyone else.  “I don’t remember you from last year.  You must be new.”
“Uh, yeah,” I stutter as I awkwardly try to get around the big student who has to be a football player with his lumbering size and cocky attitude that just rolls off of him.  
“If you’re feeling a bit lost, I’d be happy to show you around the school sometime,” he says, staying put at the back of the classroom as I dump the offending piece of what I suspect is ceiling tile in the trash.  I step out of the way as a flood of a dozen or so students spill into the room.
“I, uh, I think I’m okay.  Thanks,” I say, once again feeling beyond awkward.  
He gives me a wink as he settles into one of the seats.
Everyone else shifts to one desk or another and I swallow hard.
The tardy bell sounds and for some reason I expect all eyes to automatically turn to me.  But they don’t.  Everyone just talks to each other, quietly but excitedly.  
I cross to the desk and grab the attendance list.  I lean back on the front of my desk.  No one in the class is really paying much attention to me.
Then a horrifying realization hits me.
None of them realize I am the teacher.
And that cocky kid was flirting with me.
I have to resist the urge to let my mouth form into an O and keep away the look of disgust from my face.
“Okay!” I say a little more loudly than I need to.  One nervous looking girl in the front row actually jumps.  “Welcome to Ancient World History.  My name is Miss Ray and I hope you’re all excited to learn about some dead Egyptians, Greeks, and Romans.”
Half the class is looking at me like they don’t quite believe that I am the authority figure in this room.  But that boy at the back of the class has a look of slight horrification.  
It doesn’t last long.  When I meet his eyes, it slowly curls into a smug smile.
“Let’s do attendance, shall we?” I say and don’t wait a second before I start reading off names.
Half way down the list I read, “Lake McCain?”
“Here,” the smug smile crosses his face when I look up at the kid who had just been hitting on me.  “And my offer to show you around the school still stands.”
The entire room bursts into laughter.
And I’m too humiliated to come back with anything.

First and second period I teach Ancient World History.  Third period will be my break period.  Then there’s lunch.  Fourth period I will teach the freshmen World History class.  That’s A days.  B days consist of first period World History, second period Historical Literature, third break, lunch, and fourth period once again World History.
I’m lucky to get such a full-time schedule my first year.  Especially since there is another history teacher here at Woodinville high school.
First and second period go as expected.  I sound like a nervous, blubbering fool for the rest of first period while we go over the boring class starter stuff and hand out textbooks.  Second period was exactly the same, thankfully without the humiliation of a student thinking I was another student and flirting with me.
When third period rolls around, I close and lock my classroom door and sink to the floor behind my desk.
I always had a plan growing up.  I’d become a teacher because it was the perfect job until step two came.  Meet someone amazing, get married, and think about having a family.
So I stuck to that plan.  I made my way through college, did my student teaching, graduated, got a few interviews, and took the first position that was offered to me.
But when Alan came into the picture, I started making plans for step two.  He was cute and oftentimes charming.  We’d see movies and we’d go out to dinner.
And then I wake up this morning to find that text from him.
What kind of jerk breaks up with a girl through a text?
I grab my phone from my desk, ready for the torture of scrolling through our old texts, looking for any signs of the bomb he’d dropped on me this morning.
Always saving my life, I find a text from Armando instead.
Armando: How’s the first day going?
With a little time, it’ll be a bit easier to find the humor in this morning’s situation.  
Kaylee: Some senior hit on me.
Armando: Was he cute?
Kaylee: Gross.
Armando: Sorry.  You know I can’t help it.
Kaylee: Gross again.  I chuckle as I type.  You know he’s probably still seventeen, even if he is a senior.
Armando: Agreed, gross.  Bad Armando.
Kaylee: You’ll be forgiven if you take me out for Chinese tonight.
Armando: Pick you up at six-thirty?
Kaylee: Don’t be late.
A knock cuts through the dark silence and I nearly jump two feet off the ground.
There’s the sound keys jingling and I scramble to get to my feet.
The door opens and someone steps inside just a half second before I pop up behind my desk.
“Uh, hi,” a man says.  His eyes are wide and it’s obvious I scared him, and this is automatically weird.  “I’m sorry, I wasn’t sure if you were around and I really needed to grab a book from that cupboard.”  He points somewhere toward the back of the classroom.
“H…hi,” I stutter awkwardly as I take him in.
He’s young looking, but not nearly young enough to be mistaken for a student.    His soft brown hair is short and spiky.  He’s wearing a tighter fitting pair of black jeans, Chucks, a grey button up shirt rolled to his elbows, and a black vest.  The barest hints of facial hair hug a chiseled chin that betrays his slightly boyish face.
“I’m, uh, Drake,” he says awkwardly, and I realize that I’m just standing here in the dark, staring at him.  “You must be the new history teacher?”
“Yes!” I suddenly say, far too loud and startled sounding.  “Yes, I’m Kaylee Ray.”  I step from behind the desk and cross the room toward him.  He takes three steps toward me, and the door swings closed behind him.  
He holds out his hand and I shake it.  I’m proud that my hands aren’t shaking.
“Nice to meet you,” he says with a lopsided smile that is completely adorable.  “I’m, uh, the other history teacher.  I teach US and AP.  This was my classroom last year.”
“Oh,” I say, my eyes widening a bit.  “Uh, yeah, I’ve got a box of your stuff, I think.”  I start to turn away from him, but my eyes stay locked on him.  
He gives a chuckle and his eyes drop away from me for a moment.  He looks embarrassed.
I am totally staring and checking him out.
My face feels hot when I tear my eyes away and actually look where I am going.  I want to gouge my own eyes out I feel so stupid.  
I open the far back cabinet and pull out a box.  When I cleaned out my room a few weeks back I found a handful of random books.
“Here you are,” I say as I hand them over.  He takes the box and puts it under one arm.
“Thanks,” he says, that lopsided smile crossing his lips again.  “How…how’s your first day gone?”
I shake my head and back up two steps so I am leaning against the whiteboard.  “It’s, uh…been a bit of a disaster?”  I’m too embarrassed to form it as a statement.  A question is less humiliating.
“That bad, huh?” he says with a chuckle.  He sets the box at his feet and leans against the wall with one shoulder.
I groan, my eyes rising to the ceiling.  “I got dumped first thing this morning.”
“Ouch,” he says, sucking in air.  “That’s a rough way to start the day.”
“Yeah,” I say.  “And then one of my students thought I was a student and totally flirted with me.”
“Ouch again,” he says, chuckling.  I can’t help it when an embarrassed smile breaks out on my face.  “Did you get a name?  Maybe it was a former student of mine.”
“It was kind of a weird one,” I say, struggling to remember.  “Lake?  Lake McCain I think.”
A chuckle bubbles up out of Drake, which escalates into a full-bellied laugh that goes on for a good twenty seconds.  He actually wipes at the corner of his eye while I give him a quizzical look.
“Lake…” he says, trying to get his laughter under control.  “Lake is my little brother.  My last name is McCain.”
“What?” I cry, the humiliation doubling.  “Oh my gosh…”  I cover my face with my hands.  “Your brother?”
“Lake can be a little assertive,” he says and I can hear the smile that is still on his face.  “But he’s an idiot for assuming you’re a student.”
I uncover my face just a little bit to look at him, and see a warm expression on his face.  There’s the hint of a smile, and his eyes are soft and open.
Is Drake McCain flirting with me?
Instantly my eyes dart to the ring finger of this left hand.  Completely devoid of any kind of band.
“So, you teach at the same school your brother goes to,” I say, moving on when I’m not sure how to react to his statement or my intense interest in his relationship status.  I’m also trying to redirect the conversation from my humiliation to anything else.  “Does that mean you were once a student here yourself?”
“Unfortunately,” he says.  He slides down the wall and keeps one knee bent up, the other stretching out in front of him.  I sink down onto the floor as well.  “I graduated from here eight years ago.  Went to school at UW and then low and behold, my old stomping grounds are looking for a new history teacher.  This will be my third year teaching here.”
“That’s got to be terrible,” I say as a chuckle bursts from my lips.  I do the math, trying to figure out how old he is.  Twenty-five?  Twenty-six?  “It’s bad enough deciding to live through high school every day for the rest of your life, but having to do it at your actual high school?”
“I know, right?” he says as he wrinkles his nose and gives a pained looking smile.  “I got reamed by Mr. Kezwick once in this very room for not writing a paper on time.”
“This room?” I say.
“Um hum,” he replies with a nod.  “It was truly horrific.  He still gives me dirty looks every chance he gets.”
“That’s awful.”  There’s a ridiculous smile on my face.
“What about you?” he says, his eyes meeting mine in the dim light.  “Where’d you graduate from?”
“I went to La Connor High,” I say.  “Home of the Braves.  Then I moved on to Western for college.”
“Nice,” Drake says with a nod of his head.  Just then the bell rings for lunch.  “You wanna come eat in the teacher’s lounge with me?  I can show you around.”
I give him a side look, the strangest feeling of butterflies in my stomach kicking up.  A feeling that I’ve felt so many other times before.  
“Thanks,” I say.  “But I think I’m going to hide in this dark room for a little while longer and try to prepare myself to not bomb so hard again for last period.”
He nods his head with a smile.  “Okay,” he says.  “Maybe you’ll change your mind tomorrow.”
He climbs to his feet and holds a hand out to me.  I hesitate.  There’s something intimate and personal about touch.  And suddenly, I realize I haven’t thought or cared about Alan this entire conversation.  This morning I was heartbroken over that text, and now, just a few hours later, this very attractive predecessor of mine seems to be flirting with me.  And I kind of like it.
I take his hand and he pulls me to my feet.
“I hope your last class goes better for you,” he says as he bends over and picks up his box.  “Don’t let them take advantage of you.  They can smell fear.”
“I’ll try to be brave,” I say with a smile when he hesitates in the door.
“See you around, Kaylee.”



CHAPTER TWO

“I thought only nerds hung out in the library during their free time.”
I lean in close, saying the words right next to his ear.
Drake jerks from his position of leaning back in his chair, his feet propped up on the table; and nearly falls over.  His eyes grow wide and alarmed, and then he sees me and a chuckle comes from his lips and he shakes his head.
He tugs his ear buds out as I sit at the table across from him.
“I’m pretty sure every teacher throughout the course of history is a huge nerd,” he says as he rights himself and leans forward with his forearms on the table.
“You may have a point there,” I say, a smile already forming on my face.  “We have chosen to spend the rest of our days within the walls of a school.”
“One day we may even be wise,” he says, his eyes brightening.
“Whatcha’ listening to?” I ask.  The sound of his music cuts softly through the silence of the library.  So far, I’ve managed to not bomb my second day of teaching.
“The Fray,” he answers, grabbing his iPod from his lap and turning the volume down.
“Song?”
“Uh,” he says, glancing back down at it.  “Happiness.”
“Never heard that one,” I admit.
“You should check it out, it’s a good one.”
“Let me see,” I say, holding my hand out.  He looks at me hesitantly.  I realize then that Drake always has this slightly surprised look on his face, at least when he’s been around me.  Like he’s expecting to get in trouble or that I’m going to do something surprising and scare him.
It’s kind of adorable.
But the most endearing part is the smile that always seems to follow that look.
Just like right now.
He leans across the table and hands me an ear bud.  He places the other in his own ear.  I place the bud in mine and he clicks play again.
“Do you always listen to music like this?” I ask as the singer goes on about the ins and outs of happiness.  It’s kind of sad and beautiful at the same time.
Drake shrugs.  “I like all kinds of music.”
“Rock?”
“Some might consider this rock,” he says as his eyes meet mine.  They’re a color that isn’t quite brown, but isn’t quite green.  Hazel-warm.
“How about country?” I tease.
“Not all, but there’s some good stuff out there.”  He has that lopsided grin on his face again.
“Um…reggae?”
“Bob Marley will always be King.”  He gives a stuttering laugh and I burst out into it too.
“How about Broadway?” I say quietly when the librarian shushes us.
“K, don’t make fun, but I know every song from Newsies by heart,” he says, his eyes dead serious.  He is, however, fighting a smile.
“I love Newsies,” I say with a coo.  “Young Christian Bale was so cute.”
“I don’t like it for that reason,” he laughs again.  
I actually cover my smile with a hand.  I feel like such a nerd, laughing and giggling with a boy in the library.
The song comes to an end and Drake pulls both our ear buds out and clicks the iPod off.
“So,” I say, leaning back and folding my arms over my chest.  “This is twice now I’ve seen you just lounging about during third period.  Is it safe to assume this is also your break period?”
“It is indeed,” Drake says with a nod.  “You’re pretty lucky to have scored third period break.  It is most coveted since it proceeds lunch.  What administrative gods did you please before you started here?”
“Pure dumb luck,” I say.  “Though I may have offered up a prayer to Ra before school started yesterday.”
“Really?” he asks, his expression unsure.
I laugh, trying to keep it quiet and not really succeeding.  “No,” I say shaking my head.  “Don’t forget, I teach Ancient World History.  I had to throw in an Egyptian god joke somewhere.  Though my last name is Ray, so Ra, the sun god, has always been one of my favorites.”
“Ray suits you,” Drake says, his eyes fixing on mine.  He has this play on his lips, like there’s a smile hidden just under the surface.
I give a little smile of my own, unsure how to handle these little things he keeps saying.
“So, are there any teachers at this school I need to stay away from?” I ask, redirecting the situation.
My change in conversation has obviously thrown Drake off and he gets that look on his face again.  But just for a moment.
He really needs to stop doing that.  It keeps doing unexplainable things to my insides.  Like filling them with butterflies and rainbows.
“Mr. Allen, for sure,” he says, leaning back and propping his feet up on the table once again.  “He’s notorious for flirting with any woman who has blond hair, despite the fact that he’s been married to his wife for something like twenty-five years.”
“That’s awful,” I say, wrinkling my nose, and trying not to think about the fact that the name Allen reminds me of a certain ex-boyfriend who invested more into his data plan than me.
“And it isn’t just the blond teachers he flirts with,” he adds, raising an eyebrow. 
“Sounds like an arrest waiting to happen.”
“That’s what I’ve said since my freshman year here,” he says with a shake of his head.  “Who else?  Uh, Mrs. Dexter doesn’t like to talk to anyone, she teaches French.  Mr. Andros is pretty socially handicapped, he’s only part-time and teaches all the AP math classes.  Other than that, everyone else is pretty okay.”
“Doesn’t sound too frightening,” I say.  “It can’t be worse than Gretta Bejrn, who I student taught for last year.  She found it appropriate to point out every mistake I ever made.  And I have a suspicion that she was constantly setting me up for failure.”
“See, I had the exact opposite,” Drake says with a smile.  “Kevin Duran was this old fogy about to retire and he basically just handed the entire class over to me.  He’d head for his desk at the back of the class as soon as we got started and zonk out.  The man snored like a snarling wolf.”
I laugh again, looking around to be sure no one can overhear us.
The lunch bell rings overhead and the library is instantly flooded with noise from out in the halls.
“So, you brave enough to face the teacher’s lounge yet?” Drake asks.
I swallow hard.  To be honest, I’m terrified.  I know how young I look.  I know what other teachers think of fresh newbies.  So far I’ve managed to avoid pretty much everyone but Drake.
“Yeah,” I lie, plastering on a bright smile.  “Let’s do this.”

There are two other teachers here besides me that are brand new.  Duncan Scott has also just graduated and is a fresh teacher in the biology department.  And Anita Blasser transferred from somewhere in Seattle to teach Chemistry.
Anita’s a pro and fits right into the swing of things.  Duncan looks just as scared as me and sits at the back of the lounge silent and timid.  I feel bad for him.  If Drake weren’t so busy furiously introducing me to everyone, I’d go sit and talk with him.
Everyone is welcoming, for the most part, and there is plenty of teasing and a good helping of hard times.  But I’m glad I came with Drake.  Sometimes it’s nice to have someone around who forces you to be brave.
Fourth period World History finally wraps up the last of the first day droning.  Maybe it’s an attempt to get the classes to like me, but I haven’t assigned any homework for the first class.  The bell rings and everyone practically rockets out of their seats and heads for the door.
I did it.  I survived my first official two days of teaching.  Not that I actually taught anything, telling students that we’ll be briefly going over the history of the entire world doesn’t really count.  But still, they didn’t kill me with their judgmental and condescending stares.
I start gathering my things up.
“So, you found your way around the school yet?”
I look toward the door to see Lake leaning against it.  His arms are crossed over his chest and he’s giving me this coy smile.
He’s quite a bit larger than Drake, but the smile is what really gives them away as brothers.
“I think I’ve managed just fine, thank you very much.”  I’m not sure whether to smile, scowl, or just ignore him.  But most of those options would be mean, and I just can’t do it.
“Don’t you have practice right now?”  Suddenly Drake is behind Lake, slapping a hand down on his shoulder.  “Dad’s going to kill you if you’re late again.”
“And leave this pretty little thing to fend for herself?” Lake says, his brows furrowing when he looks at Drake.
“How about I help Miss Ray out while you go plow into your fellow teammates and grunt like a caveman?”
Lake is glaring daggers at Drake, but he does eventually turn and walk down the hall.
Drake looks at me, a lopsided smile on his face.  I just look back, my eyebrows raised and disbelieving.
“Sorry about him,” he finally says.  “This school’s senior boys are notorious for giving pretty, young teachers a hard time.”
There he goes again, giving me compliments.
I laugh, shaking my head.  “It’s fine, I guess I should have expected it considering I look like a freshman myself.”
Drake’s brows furrow and he shakes his head.  “I don’t think you see yourself very clearly.”
I can feel my face blushing and my cheeks burn.  A smile spreads on my face and my eyes drop away from his.
“So,” I say to the floor before I find the nerve to look up again.  “Your dad’s the football coach?”
“Yeah,” he says with a breathy chuckle.  “Us McCain’s have deep roots in Woodinville.  Dad’s been coaching the team in one form or another since I was in like, third grade.”
I sling my bag over my shoulder and pick up the box I need to take home.  I start for the door when Drake gives me a little smile and pulls it out of my hands and tucks it under one arm.  I know I’m blushing even more as we slowly start walking down the hall toward the parking lot.
“So, Lake plays on the team.  What about you?” I ask.
Drake shakes his head.  “I’m not exactly football player stature.  I would have gotten creamed.  Dad was always pretty bummed I never played.  But this isn’t some sob, daddy-was-never-proud-of-me story.  He’s a good guy.”
I give a little smile, a jealous twinge forming in my heart.  “Any other brothers or sisters?” I ask instead as distraction.
Drake nods.  “I’m the oldest.  Then I have a sister next, Sage.  She’s a senior at UW, she’ll be twenty-one in a few weeks.  Then comes Lake, who turns eighteen this year.  And last is Kale, who’s thirteen.”
“Do you like having a big family?” I ask as we step outside the doors.  I dig through my bag and fish out the keys.  I stop by my Mini Cooper and finally pull out my key ring.
“Yeah, I guess,” Drake says as he sets the box in the back of the car when I open it for him.  “Kind of all I ever knew, you know?  And I have to say, this car is very…you.”
I chuckle.  “Why, because it’s tiny?”
Drake shrugs.  “Pretty much all small things are cute.  Animals, furniture, cars, women.”
I give him a long look and struggle to hold back my smile as I do so.
“So, what about you?” he asks as he closes the back of my car.  He walks around to the front of it and leans on the hood.  I follow him and prop myself up on the hood.  “Any annoyingly cocky siblings in the business of hitting on gorgeous teachers?”
“Um,” I hesitate, somehow able to ignore his compliment.  I hate that I feel slightly ashamed of my family whenever they’re brought up.  “My family is kind of complicated.”
“I think all families are a little complicated,” he says.  His voice is quieter though, his tone more hesitant.  Like he’s encouraging me to talk, but doesn’t want to push things.
His eyes drop to the ground and this gives me a chance to study him for a moment.
Something about Drake makes me feel immediately comfortable, from the moment we met.  He’s easy going.  He’s relaxed.  He’s sweet.  And he seems so un-complicated.
And everything in me immediately trusts him.
“Okay,” I say, taking a deep breath.  “How’s this for complicated?  My mom got pregnant with me when she was seventeen.  She was a senior in high school.  My birthday is the end of July, so she was very pregnant when she graduated.  My birth dad was some guy she met at a party and never saw again.  She doesn’t even know his name.”
Drake has looked back up at me and his eyebrows are slightly drawn together and I can already see he feels bad for bringing any of this up.  
But I continue.
“It was just the two of us for a really long time.  I mean, we lived with my grandparents for a few years, but then they decided to be one of those retired couples who drives around in a motorhome all over the country.  Grandpa had a heart attack five years ago and grandma followed him soon after.”  Mom didn’t handle all that very well.
“My eighth grade year Mom married Dick Campbell.  They stayed married for two years and during that time, Mom got pregnant with my little brother Skyler.  He’s seven now.  We’re sixteen years apart.”
“Yeah, I guess yours is a little more complicated than usual,” Drake chuckles awkwardly.
“You know the sad part?” I say, bumping his shoulder with mine.  “Even though my mom was only married to Dick for two years, I’m closer to him than I am my mom.  She started working with this insurance company while she was pregnant with Skyler and she travels constantly.  She’s almost never around.  Skyler lives with Dick.  He’s a good guy.  We’ve stayed close.”
Drake looks at me for a long moment and I am suddenly aware of how close we are.  The breeze blowing around us is warm and it pushes his scent toward me.  He smells of summer and comfort.  His arm and my arm, his thigh and my thigh are side to side, touching, and everything about it feels so natural and easy.
“I’m glad you have someone you can count on,” he says, his eyes still locked on mine.  “Everyone needs someone who supports them in life.”
I give him a little smile.  “Well, there is Armando.”
And Drake’s expression falls.
His eyes grow wide and his lips turn down, his shoulders slump.
And I smile.
“I thought you said you got dumped yesterday?” he blurts before he can catch himself.
I burst out in a quick, harsh laugh, but cover it with my hand.  “You are flirting with me!” I say, pointing a finger at him as I stand from the car.  “You’re flirting with me bad!”
“Who’s Armando?” he says, his expression warring for a distinct emotion.  Humor, horror, embarrassment.
It takes me a moment to get my laughter under control.  I clutch my stomach and turn away from him for a second.  I’m having trouble breathing.
“Arm…” I suck in a huge breath and try to keep from laughing as I finally turn back toward him.  “Armando is my best friend.  He’s also super in to men.”
The relief on Drake’s face is immediate and immense.  Finally, a smile spreads on his face and he rolls his eyes as he stands.
“You’re horrible,” he says as he takes two steps away from me.  I’m still fighting laughter.  But I must not be in too much trouble because when he stops and looks back at me, he’s got a smile on his face.  “You’re bad.  That was just…that was just mean.”
“I am not mean,” I say, mock defending myself.  “I don’t know how to be mean!”
“You knew what you were doing,” he says as he glares at me.  He shakes his head and starts walking away.  “I’ll see you tomorrow, mean girl.”



CHAPTER THREE

It must be a good sign that I wake with a smile on my face.
Soft light makes its way through the foggy windows.  It’s warm in my bed and cozy and comfy.  My dreams have already slipped away, but there is the slight reflection of a lopsided smile in them.
I smile up at the ceiling, my eyes sleepily drifting open and closed.
Alan who?
A soft snoring pulls my eyes from the white ceiling to the beat up couch just a few feet from the foot of my bed.
Armando’s head is half hanging off the couch, kinking his neck.  He’s got one knee bent up and the other leg is propped up over the arm of the couch.
I can lay down on it just fine, but Armando is six foot one.
He showed up at my apartment last night just as I was going to bed.  He reeked of alcohol.  Armando is extremely bubbly and happy when he’s drunk.  He started going on and on about some guy he’d met at the bar named Tod.  I didn’t think he even realized he was at my apartment.  He’d caught a cab and rattled off whatever address came to mind.
But a few minutes after his arrival, he crashed on my couch and didn’t wake up.
I smile at him and watch for a moment as he sleeps.
He’d be horrified if I told him he was snoring.
I’m careful and quiet as I get ready for the day.  It’s Friday and I am extremely relieved and at once disappointed by that fact.  The weekend means days off.
And I know I’m in trouble when I’m sad that it means I won’t see Drake again until Monday.
I leave a note for Armando that he can stay as long as he needs and that there’s a clean towel for him in the cabinet in the bathroom.  
The morning air outside is warm and soft, summer hanging on for just a few more days.  My car wines and sputters when I start it and then I am headed for school.
The first period bell rings and students start filtering in slowly over the next five minutes.  Just before the tardy bell rings, Lake swaggers in, that coy smile on his face again.
“So my brother came over to the house for dinner last night,” he says, raising his eyebrow at me.  Apparently he has the same talent Drake does.  “The guy was grinning like a fool all night.  Any idea why he was in such a good mood?”
I have to fight back the smile that instantly wants to form on my face.  I’m pretty sure I utterly fail.  “I have no idea, Mr. McCain.  If you’ll take your seat?”
Lake smiles again and gives me a wink before walking toward the back of the classroom.
We spend the rest of the class familiarizing ourselves with our pathetic excuse for a textbook.  Ancient World History doesn’t get priority when it comes to expensive books.  We’ll start with Mesopotamia, move onto the Egyptians, then focus on the Greeks, and wrap up with the Romans at the end of the semester.
The sleepy eyes that stare back at me make me pretty sure this is going to be a challenging class.  Lake and his two buddies at the back chatting away don’t help either.
But I do appreciate when I meet Lake’s eyes that he elbows his buddies for them to shut up.
Second period follows and as the minutes tick by, my heart rate picks up, faster and faster.
I have to fight from grinning like an idiot as we close in on the last few minutes of class.
Finally.  Finally, the bell rings and students start filing out of the classroom.
I pull out my planning binder, trying to convince myself that I need to focus on getting my lessons for next week planned out when there’s a sudden scratching, static sound.
“Miss Ray, please report to the library for a paramount meeting,” a voice suddenly cuts through the room.
My brows furrow and I start looking around for the source of the noise.  It hadn’t come from the intercom system.  And there’s not another soul in the room.
“Make haste, Miss Ray,” the voice comes again.  Since I’m more prepared for it this time, it is unmistakable.  Drake.
I lean down and find a walkie-talkie taped to the underside of my desk with what must be half a roll of scotch tape.  A loony grin breaks out on my face as I free it and hold it up to my lips.
“What is this urgent meeting you speak of?” I say into it.
“I repeat, Miss Ray, please report to the library.  Andale!”  
“What are you up to, Drake?” I say with a laugh in my voice as I get up and head for the door.
“The Eagle checking out,” he comes over the radio.  “Uh, over and out.”
I look down at the radio and find his line has been turned off.
I bite my lower lip and turn the corner toward the library.
The large space is quiet and smells like a library should: of old paper and wisdom.  The librarian stands behind her desk, looking intently at something on the computer.  There are two students at a table, looking at a few books and taking notes.
I don’t see any sign of Drake anywhere.
I clasp my hands behind my back and start walking between aisles.
No one in biographies.  No one in plants, or writing reference.  The encyclopedias are lonely.  I start passing fiction rows.  A through D are vacant.  E through H have nothing to yield.
I’ve just reached the last row of the library when I hear a psst.
I double take to the previous row and see Drake peeking out from behind the shelf.  He crooks a finger at me, beckoning me to come.
I’m pretty sure I haven’t stopped smiling from the first moment I met Drake.  I can’t stop it now, even if I wanted to.
I halt in front of him.  Close.  So both of our bodies are hidden behind the row of books.
Drake looks down at me, his eyes intense and bright and dancing.  He licks his bottom lip absentmindedly.  His thumbs are hooked in his belt loops.
“What?” I say after a minute when he doesn’t breathe a word.
He gnaws on his lower lip for a moment and I can see there’s some kind of conflict going on behind his eyes.
“You know, I’ve been trying to tell myself that you just got broken up with and that you probably need some space,” he says, his eyes searching mine.  “But you keep having that smile whenever I see you and it’s kind of hard to keep telling myself that.”
I take half a step closer to him, which is a trick, considering how close we were to begin with.  “You know, I keep trying to tell myself that I should be feeling really awful and depressed, because, you know, I just got dumped a few days ago,” I say.  “But I keep getting this ridiculous smile on my face every time you’re around and it’s kind of hard to keep telling myself that.”
I bite my lower lip and loop my arms behind his neck.  I don’t know what I’m doing.  The action is more daring than I am, yet here I am, doing it.  Drake’s eyes dance and he puts his hands on my hips.  They’re hot and I swear he pulls my hips just a fraction of an inch closer toward his.
“You don’t seem very depressed,” he whispers.
“I don’t feel very depressed,” I breathe back.
“I think I wanna’ see just how ridiculous I can make that smile get.”  He’s leaned in and his lips are just a fraction of a breath away.
“I think that’s a good idea.”
Now his hands do yank my hips toward him, at the same moment his lips consume mine.
Everything in me explodes, most especially something down in my lower belly, with electricity and fireworks.  My fingers knot in his hair and my lips part and his tongue says hello to mine.  
Drake turns us and my back is pressed to the bookcase and his body is exactly the right shape to mold to mine.  
I bite his lower lip and feel a smile form on his face.  His hands tighten on my hips.  My back arches and all those female parts in me strain toward him.
What is happening and how amazing is it?
Drake’s lips move from mine to my jawline, and work their way down to my throat.  I’m eternally grateful that I wore heels today so that he can actually reach it without having to do a half-squat.
Suddenly Drake’s hands slip lower and inward and he is lifting me.  My legs part and wrap around his waist as he turns and sets me on the ledge of the tiny window that looks out to the parking lot.
Drake smiles down at me and presses a kiss to the space just below my ear.
“Yeah, I think we should make out,” I say through a smile.
“That smile is edging toward preposterous,” he says with his own as he looks at me.
I don’t reply, I simply pull his face back toward mine.
My legs squeeze tighter around him and he moves his pelvis closer, igniting an electric storm in my blood.  My hands move to his chest, letting them slide under his vest.  His muscles tighten and strain.  Drake lets one hand slide around to my back, pulling me closer, even though there is no more physical space between us to do so.
“Making out was a really, really good idea,” Drake pants into my throat.
“Well, it was my idea,” I tease.
“What other good ideas do you have?” he asks as his lips trail along my collar bone.
“Um,” I struggle to think straight.  “A weekend that isn’t missing you?”
“Great idea,” he growls and I swear I feel the tip of his tongue tracing the line of my jaw.
“You’ll come over to my place tomorrow at nine for breakfast?”
He backs away from me slightly, looking in my eyes.  His eyebrows draw together, his expression unsure, or disbelieving, or something.  “Really?”
“Yeah,” I say, uncertain at his reaction.  “Why is that so surprising?”
His hands come up to my face and he gently presses his lips to mine once again, the heat of the previous moments passed.  “That’s just the damn sweetest thing any girl I’ve just met has ever done for me.”
“I better not just be any girl,” I say gathering the front of his shirt and pulling him against my chest.
The lunch bell rings and the noise from the halls spill into the library.  We hear the doors burst open and with regret in his eyes, Drake backs away.  “No,” he says.  “You’re not just any girl.”
“Let me see your phone,” I say, unsure of how to handle his sudden intensity and holding my hand out.  He simply gives me that lopsided smile and reaches into his pocket for it.  His hair is an insane mess, but I have no intention of informing him that he needs to fix it.  I want to see how long it stays that way today.  It’ll be our secret that it was me who styled it for him.  
I take his phone and store my number into it with my name.
I hop down from the window as I hand it back.  I give him what I hope is a tempting smile as I start to walk away.
It must work.  Drake hooks a finger into the waistband of my pants and yanks me back.  He once again pins my body to the bookcase and crushes his lips to mine.
A little moan works its way out of my throat.
“You know we’re likely to be walked in on any moment,” I say against his lips.
Suddenly Drake pulls away and wipes at his bottom lip with a thumb.  “Get out of here woman,” he says, trying to be serious and failing miserably.  “Stop putting your tongue down my throat.”
I give a quick ha before turning and walking toward the doors.
I manage to only glance over my shoulder three times before walking out into the hall.
For just a moment, I wonder how we got here: Drake and me making out in the dusty stacks of the library like a couple of teenagers.
But I don’t care.
Because maybe princes exist after all.  Maybe that was a true-love’s first kiss, after just three days of knowing each other.  Maybe, just maybe, this is the start of my very own ever after.



CHAPTER FOUR

“Tell me, were his hands and feet big?”
“Gross!” I squeal, scrunching my nose.  “Armando!  Let’s please not go there.”
“Well, have you at least gotten a picture of him?” he pleads.  He leans across the bar and bats his eyes at me.  “I need to evaluate him and make sure he’s up to par for my Ray of Kaylee.”
“No,” I say as I take his plate and turn for the sink.  I rinse it off, set it on the drying rack, and turn back to the itty bitty bar of mine we are eating at.  “I don’t have a picture.  But he’s coming over for breakfast tomorrow so I’ll be sure to snap one then.”
“And you’ll text it to me straight away, right?” he asks, his expression hopeful.
“Of course,” I say.
“So, on a scale of one to ten, one being the worst, ten being mind-blowing, how was this make out session?”
I let my face fall into my hand and shake my head.  It’s been like this every time there is a man in my life for the past seven years.  Armando grills me about my men, I grill him about his.  “Does a twelve exist?”
“Oo,” Armando coos.  “Then I hope you have plans for more than just breakfast tomorrow.”
“Armie!” I screech at him, batting at his arm harmlessly.  “I’ve only known him for three days!  Slow your horses down there.”
“What’s taking you so long?” he asks with a wink.  I just shake my head.  Armando’s known for moving things on a little fast.  I often times worry for him.  He could have so much more than what he’s settling for.  “But seriously, I’m just happy to see you’re not obsessing about that horrendous stooge you previously called a boyfriend.”
“Alan?” I clarify.
“That’s the bastard.  Never liked him anyway.”
“You tried hitting on him at that party,” I say through a laugh.  “Don’t forget, you’re how we met.”
Armando cringes.  “Don’t remind me.  I’ll never forgive myself for my match-making failure.”
“Don’t beat yourself up over it,” I say as I move the rest of the dishes to the sink.  Armando came over for dinner and I made fettuccini alfredo and a green salad.  My kitchen is tiny and extremely difficult to do much of anything in, but I manage.  “I’m well over Alan, remember?”
“Right.  Drake McCain.  Your newest prince on a white horse.”
“Prince Charming was boring,” I say.  “I mean, he doesn’t even really have a name.  Give me a prince that sails the high seas and loves dogs.”
“Ugh, are we talking about Prince Eric again?” Armando groans.
“Have you seen his hair and smile?” I swoon as I lean on the bar again and prop my chin up on my hands.
“Such a nice boy, and no less boring than Prince Charming,” Armando argues.  “Give me a bad boy who rises from nothing to take over the throne.  Now that’s a story.”
“Aladdin, while good looking, had a problem with lying, and Flynn was full of himself,” I counter.
“You do realize we are arguing about cartoon men, right?” Armando says with a smile and his brows drawn together.  “They aren’t real.”
“Before they were cartoons they were literary characters,” I say as I nod my head toward my one solitary bookcase next to my bed.  Its shelves are lined with fairytale books, history textbooks, a few romance novels.  “Though I have to admit, half the original stories are pretty awful.  Did you know that in Cinderella, at the end when she marries the prince, her stepsister’s eyes get pecked out by crows?  They even cut off their big toes to try and get the shoe to fit.”
“And with that lovely note, I think I’m going to go home,” Armando says as he stands and grabs his jacket from his chair.
Just then there is a knock at the door.
“It’s true,” I say as I head for the door.  “Most fairytales are pretty grim.  Which is pretty fitting I suppose since the Grimm brothers wrote most of them.”
I open the door and find Dick and Skyler waiting in the hall.
“Hi,” I say with a bright smile.
“Hey, Kaylee,” Dick says as he steps forward and gives me a hug.  “I’m really sorry to barge in like this, but there’s some line that got cut in Bothell and it needs attention right now.  Could you watch Skyler for a few hours?”
“Of course,” I say as I reach out and ruffle his hair.  “I’ve got to go do some grocery shopping but we’ll go out for some ice cream or something after, okay?”
“But only if it’s bubblegum ice cream,” Skyler says solemnly.  He stares at me intently through his glasses.
I glance up at Dick, looking for permission.
“We’ve been trying to cut back on the sugar, but just for tonight, I guess it’s okay,” Dick says with a shake of his head and a smile.
“Oh, Mr. Campbell,” Armando says as he appears behind me.  “Always a pleasure.”
“And you as well, Armando,” Dick says with a smile as he shakes his hand.  “Thanks again, Kaylee.  I’ll text you when we’re done and when I can pick him up.  You’re a lifesaver.”
“Anytime,” I say as Dick darts down the hall.
This happens every so often.  Dick works for a utility company as one of their lead guys.  Stuff goes wrong.  Mom isn’t around all that often when it’s not a weekend, which is when she’s supposed to have Skyler, so Dick calls me.  Or shows up at my door.
“I expect that picture before ten o’clock,” Armando says as he presses a kiss to the top of my head and heads out the door.  Just then, his phone rings.  It must be his boss, because suddenly his expression is serious and he disappears around the corner and out of sight.
“I’ll do my best,” I say, even though he’s gone already.  I close the door and turn to Skyler.
“So, how’s school little man?” I ask, placing my hands on my hips.  “Your first few days go okay?”
My half-brother shrugs and turns to wander about my apartment.  “It’s okay.  So far second grade isn’t much harder than first.”
“You like your teacher?” I ask as I set to washing the dishes.  What I wouldn’t do for a dishwasher.
“He’s nice, I guess.”  I look over to see Skyler flop onto his back on my bed.  He kicks his shoes off.
“Did you hear I’m a teacher now?” I ask.
“Oh yeah,” Skyler says excitedly and sits up in the bed.  “Why didn’t you come teach at my school?  Having my sister work at my school would be so cool!”
I laugh and rinse a plate off.  “Maybe I’ll be your teacher someday.  When you get to high school?”
“Ugh,” he says dramatically and crashes back to the bed again.  “That’ll take forever.”
I smile and look back at the dishes.
But the truth is that I really hope I won’t ever be Skyler’s teacher when he gets to high school.
Teaching is the plan for now.  But my real dream is pretty similar to what I’m doing right now.  I want my own kids someday.  I want a husband who comes home from work and gives me a kiss on the cheek and wraps his arms around me from behind.
For some women these days, that would never be enough.  The world tells us we have to gain prestigious careers and balance everything while wearing high heels and having no body fat.
But what could be more prestigious than raising other people?  Then making someone else feel that they are loved beyond anything else?  Because for me, it’s what I never had as a kid growing up, and always wanted.  



CHAPTER FIVE

“Eggs, bacon, pancakes, toast,” I say, rattling it all off as I look around my tiny kitchen trying to remember to breathe and function and not to have a mind explosion.
My hands shake as I scoop the last of the pancakes out of the pan and put them onto a plate.  I’m a nervous wreck.  Nerves, excitement, anticipation, it’s all making me freak out.
What’s going to happen today?  We had an incredible make out session yesterday, but what does that mean now?  I can’t help but overanalyze everything.
My stomach jumps up into my throat when the knock sounds through the studio apartment and my ears start ringing.
“Calm down,” I breathe to myself.  “It’s just a…date, I guess.  With a guy you made out with.  In the library.”
I wipe my hands on the towel hanging from the stove and shuffle in slippered feet to the door.
My heart is hammering and my fingers shake as I grip the door knob.
But that smile breaks out on my face the second I open it.
Drake stands there, holding a bouquet of multi-colored daisies.  He bears his own smile, though he’s pressing his lips together tightly to contain it.  
“Hi,” I say, my voice higher than I mean it to be.
“Hi,” he says quietly.
“Come on in,” I say.  My pulse is racing and I already feel ready to float up to the ceiling like I’m filled with love-struck helium.
“These are for you,” he says, extending the flower out to me.
“Aw, thank you,” I say, taking them and turning to look for something and somewhere to put them.  “They’re very…colorful.” 
Seriously, they are.  They’re neon pink, blue, green, and yellow.  Incredibly unnaturally colored.
“Okay, I’m a little broke and flowers are really expensive,” he laughs in mock defense.  “For some reason, really colorful ones are really cheap.”
I’m tempted to tease him more about them, but I can’t do that.  Not after he made the effort to at least look for some nice flowers for me.  “I appreciate it.”
Drake does a little circle, taking in the entire apartment.  It doesn’t take long.
“So, this is where you live?” he says, giving me a smile.
“Yep,” I reply.  “It’s not much, but you know how being a first year teacher goes.  Couldn’t afford much more.”
“I do indeed.  My place is maybe fifteen square feet bigger than this,” he chuckles.  “I live about a mile east of here.”
I scoop the last of the bacon out of a pan and set it on a plate with a paper towel on it.  “You hungry?”
“Starving,” he says as he crosses the small space to the bar.  I don’t have an actual dining table.  There is no room for one.  “I normally down a bagel or something at six-thirty on my way to school.  Nine feels cruelly late.”
“Hey, don’t complain about the time when someone else is making the food,” I say, brandishing a spatula at him.
“Hey,” he says, holding his hands up in surrender.  “I appreciate the food whenever it is served.”
I give him a crooked smile and set a plate in front of him.
“Eat up,” I say as I start loading my own plate.  “I think I accidently made enough food to feed a small army.  My brother went grocery shopping with me last night and insisted I get all the food.”
“How old did you say he was again?” Drake asks around a bite of bacon.
“Seven,” I say as I come around the bar and sit beside Drake.  “Dick came over and asked if I’d babysit while he popped into work.”
“You like kids?” he asks.  He glances over at me while he pours syrup on his small mountain of pancakes.
“Yeah,” I say hesitantly.  Talking about such matters with someone you’ve only met a few days ago is a bit heavy.  But this is Drake, and I feel way too comfortable around him.  “I love kids.”
“Me too,” he says with that famous lopsided grin.  “You know, I was thirteen when Kale was born and me and him used to have so much fun when he was little.”
“And now?” I ask as I fork some scrambled eggs into my mouth.
“He’s turning into a teenager and he’s already obsessed with girls,” he chuckles.
“Sounds like a heartbreaker in the making,” I say.
Drake digs into his pocket and comes out with his phone.  He clicks away on it for a second and holds it up.
He’s showing a picture of a younger boy, who does indeed look to be around thirteen.  He’s got much darker hair than Drake, and dark eyes and brows to match it.  His features are chiseled and too mature for his age.
“He’s a good looking kid,” I say.  Drake raises an eyebrow at me and turns his phone back to him.  He clicks again for a second and shows me once again.
“That’s Sage, my sister,” he says.  She’s pretty, with honey-brown hair and the same sharp jawline Kale has.  “She’s wicked smart and has ambition like you wouldn’t believe.”
“She sounds a bit scary,” I chuckle.  
“She kind of is,” Drake laughs.  “I wouldn’t be surprised if she rules the world someday.”
“That reminds me,” I say, standing from my stool and reaching for my phone on the counter.  I open it up and pull up the camera.  “Smile.”
He only has a moment to form that lopsided one I love so much before I snap the picture.  
“What’s that for?” he asks.
“Armando says he needs to evaluate you for me,” I say as I text him the image.  “And who knows, maybe I just wanted a picture for myself.”
There’s a smile on his lips, but his eyes are serious and thoughtful.  He pulls out his phone and I give a shy smile as he snaps a picture.  After that, we are quiet for a few minutes.  We eat, we drink apple juice, and keep catching each other’s eye.
“I want to go do something fun today,” I say finally.  “How good of a swimmer are you?”
“Uh,” he says, wiping at his mouth with a napkin.  It feels as if he’s taking a moment to evaluate what I’ve just said.  Like I surprised him.  I like that.  “I’m adequate, I think.  What did you have in mind?”
“A challenge,” I say, finishing off the last of my food.  “Now hurry up and finish.  I’m going to get changed into my suit.”
“Hang on,” he says.  He grabs my arm gently just as I am about to walk away.  “I want to see something.”
He pulls me slowly toward him as he turns on his stool.  His eyes are warm and serious at the same time and locked on my face.  A grin starts growing on my lips as he pulls me closer.  The hand that was on my arm slides around to my back, encouraging me to come closer.  I step between his legs and my eyes can’t seem to look away from his lips.
And ever so slowly, he leans forward.  My eyes slide closed.
And he brushes his lips against mine.
Slow, gentle, tender.
“Yep,” he says quietly.  “Still kills me.”
I back away from him just barely so I can look him in the eye and bite my lower lip.
“Who are you and how is this so easy?” I say.
“I’m nothing special,” he says, his hand still on the back of my neck.  “I’m just a poor high school teacher that drives a rust bucket of a car and has good taste in beautiful things.”
“I think I have to disagree with you,” I breathe as I stare at his lips.  “You’re something special.”
Suddenly Drake’s phone starts chirping from the bar and we both laugh as we break apart and he reaches for it.
“I’m going to go change,” I say, leaving him to reply to his text.  
I grab my swimsuit from my drawer and a simple baby blue sundress, and head for the bathroom.
I look at myself in the mirror.  My eyes are bright, my cheeks flushed pink and warm.  
The last time I felt this happy and relaxed is nowhere in recent memory.
By the time I come out of the bathroom, I find Drake doing dishes.
“Let’s leave those for now,” I say as I search around for a bag that can hold a towel and some snacks.  “I don’t want to waste this day doing boring, day-to-day stuff.”
Drake gives that lopsided smile over his shoulder at me and washes his hands off before drying them.  “You say ‘for now,’ does that mean you’ll let me come back and wash them later?”
“I’ll think about it.  Now let’s go.”
Drake follows me down the two flights of steps and out the front door.
“So, I suggest we take your car,” Drake says as we step out into the warm, late summer air.  “See that sad excuse for an automobile there?  That’s my car.”
It is indeed a rust bucket.  I’m pretty sure it was once a maroon color, but it’s now heavily veined with orange rust.  The back passenger door is buckled in and the window has tape crisscrossing all over it to hold in the shattered glass.
“I think maybe we should,” I agree.  Suddenly I am much more fond of my Mini Cooper.
Drake gives me directions and seven minutes later, we stop in front of an apartment building.
“Be back in a second,” he says and darts out of the car without another word.
Not three minutes later Drake is back in the car and we are off.
We drive for about forty minutes and our elevation rises and the trees grow thicker and taller.  I pull into the small parking lot and look out over the lake.
“I’ve been here once before,” Drake says.  “We went camping here once when I was a kid.”
“Me too,” I say.  “Well, I wasn’t really a kid, it was when Mom and Dick were married.  But it was a lot of fun.”
Drake looks over at me, his eyes serious and thoughtful.  He brings a hand up and brushes his fingertips over my cheek.
This is unnatural.  Building this kind of ease and comfort with someone is supposed to take time.  It’s supposed to come after some kind of struggle.  Belle had to tame the beast, Cinderella had to overcome poverty, Arielle had to lose her voice and grow legs.
But on just day four, I’ve found myself deep into Drake.
“Come on,” I say, nipping at his hand playfully.  “Let’s see if you sink or float!”
I scramble from the car, and not bothering to get the bag that contains our stuff, I take off toward the lake.  I strip off my sundress as I run, revealing my pink and white striped bikini, let my flip flops fly off my feet, and barrel toward the water.  
“Think you can outrun me, short stuff?” I hear Drake tease.  I make the mistake of looking over my shoulder.  He’s stripped off his shirt and is chasing after me.  And closing the distance fast.
I give a delighted scream as we both race across the dock.  Drake suddenly wraps his arms around my waist right as we get to the end of it.  He gives one giant leap and we both sail through the air for just a second before we crash into the water with a tidal wave.
The second my head resurfaces I send a flooding splash at his face.  He squints his eyes closed and tries to grab me, but I defend and splash water in his direction over and over.
I should have known he would take it as a challenge.  A wicked grin forms on his face and he suddenly takes a giant breath and slips beneath the surface of the water.
The sun is brilliant overhead, but this is a lake and the water isn’t exactly crystal clear.  I don’t have a prayer at spotting him beneath the surface.
I push over onto my back and start kicking and stroking as fast as I can to get away from wherever Drake might be under the water.  
I get fifteen strokes away when he finally pops up from the water with a gasping breath, not far from where we started.
“How’d you get clear over there so fast?” he asks as he starts paddling his way over to me.
A smug smile forms on my lips and I tread water to stay where I am.  “I was on the swim team in high school.  I was the backstroke champion.  Still am, apparently.”
“So you’re part fish,” he says as he closes the distance between us.  “Where are you hiding those gills on that beautiful body?”
I smile at him, but what he’s said makes my mind falter.
I’m short.  I don’t have the build that most men consider beautiful.  My shoulders are broader than seems proportional to the rest of my body, my boobs are lacking in size, my thighs are thicker and I’d like.  I’m built like a gymnast, and a lot of guys down the line didn’t find that very attractive.
But Drake has called me beautiful.
“What?” he suddenly asks and that expression of his of being in trouble and looking slightly surprised takes over his face.  “Is something wrong?”
“No,” I say, shaking my head and smiling.  I swim closer to him and loop my arms around his neck, kicking my feet slightly to keep myself above water.  “Everything’s…perfect.”
“Yeah,” he says as he leans in closer.  “It is.”
His lips meet mine.  They’re wet, and taste of lake water.  But they’re Drake’s.  And they were made to be companion to mine.
And then he slips under the water.
I instantly let go of him and kick to keep myself from going under as well.  The water splashes around us and he pushes himself back up to the surface.  We both break out into laughter.
“Maybe we should take this to the shore before one of us drowns,” he chuckles.
“Before you drown, maybe,” I tease as we start swimming for the dock.  “I’m part fish, remember?”
“Part siren, more like it.”  He gives me a coy smile.
We get back up to the sandy and rocky shore and head for my car.  We retrieve our stuff and head back for the beach.  We lay towels out side by side.
“Could you ask for more perfect weather?” I say as I lie down on it and shade my eyes from the sun with my arm.  “It’s got to be, like, seventy-five degrees out here.”
“It’s gorgeous,” Drake says.  He’s laid down next to me and is looking in my direction.
A smile curls on my face.
Drake reaches over and laces his fingers through mine.



CHAPTER SIX

Sunday morning I wake to a text from Drake saying Will you be my girlfriend?
To which I instantly reply YES.
The following two weeks are filled with late night dates, even later night texting, tired teachers, and more than a little making out.  
But we did still have our jobs and we did still have to teach classes.
I couldn’t wait for school to get out.  It was Friday, and I was feeling the sleepless nights.
“Mesopotamians believed that the world was a flat disk, surrounded by a huge, holed space.”  I try to do a drawing, but it’s rudimentary, at best.  “Above that, heaven. They also believed that water was everywhere, the top, bottom and sides, and that the universe was born from this enormous sea.”
The door to my classroom opens and in pops Drake’s head.
“Uh, sorry, Miss Ray,” he says, looking from my second period class to me.  “Could I borrow you for like, three minutes?”
I’m sure my eyes are wide and surprised, I’m quite certain my mouth hangs open just slightly.  “Uh, yeah.  Sarah,” I say to one of my more trustworthy students.  “Will you be in charge for a few minutes?  Everyone, please start reading through chapter six.  This’ll give you a head start on tonight’s reading assignment.”
Sarah nods and looks back at the class.
But I barely notice, I’m in such a hurry to get out into the hall with Drake.
The second I am out in the deserted hall and the door shuts behind me, Drake takes hold of my wrist and we dart down the hall.
“Where are you taking me and what is going on?” I hiss through a laugh.  
Just then Drake pulls open a door and tugs the both of us into the cramped space.
It must be a janitors closet.  It smells of chemicals and sour mops.  It’s dark and tight.
But I couldn’t care less.
The second the door closes, Drake’s body presses me up against the shelves and his lips are moving in frantic sync with mine.  His hand slips under my shirt lying flush with the skin over my ribs.  His other hand pulls my leg up and he presses himself into my center.
A small moan works its way out of my throat and were my eyes open, they would have rolled back.  My hips press forward, trying to get all the closer to him.
“We shouldn’t be doing this during school,” he says into my mouth.
“We could probably get in big trouble,” I breathe back.
“Principal Riker would be most displeased.”  His lips move to my neck, having to bend far over since I am wearing flats today and he’s got a good ten inches on me.
“But this couldn’t wait till next period,” I say as my thoughts start going all blurry and glittery.
“Nuh uh,” Drake agrees, shaking his head.  “But I also had something I wanted to ask you.”
“What’s that?” I respond automatically.  I’m heavily distracted by his hand that has slipped from my thigh to my rear end.
“Will you come meet my family?” he asks.  His kisses slow down.  Instead of being passionate and frantic, they are slow and tender.  After a moment, I feel him back away slightly, and if there were any light in here, I’m pretty sure I’d find him staring at me.
“Drake, I…” I start to say.  He’s caught me by surprise with his question in the heat of this moment.
“You don’t have to,” he quickly adds.  “I mean, I know it’s way early and it’s only been like three weeks since we met, but I—”
I cut him off with a soft kiss and bring my hands up to either side of his face.  “I’d love to meet your family,” I breathe against his lips.
“Really?” he asks, and I can hear the smile I know is on his face.
“Really,” I say, smiling on my own in the dark.
“Okay,” he says, his voice out of breath.  “Everyone’s coming over for dinner on Sunday at six.  Sage is coming home from Seattle, so you can meet them all.”
“I’m looking forward to it,” I say.  I am, but suddenly I’m also nervous.  Meeting the rest of his family is a big step.
One I suddenly realize I am so ready for.
“Ask your mom what I can bring to dinner and what I can help with.”
Drake chuckles through the dark.  “She’s going to love you.”
I hope so.  I hope so, so bad and it’s startling how bad I do want it.  This feels important.  Meeting his mother and getting her approval.
Why is it so important?
It’s stupid, me asking myself that question.  Because I know the exact answer.
I press my lips to his and cling to him in the dark for just a few stolen moments longer. 

I’ve had a total of three serious relationships in my life.  There was Patrick, who I started dating in high school.  We stayed together for a few months of college, but eventually things fell apart.  Then came Aaron for just a few weeks my sophomore year.  Then Alan for four weeks until it all ended with that text that set me free.
Patrick’s family was the only one I ever met.  So I’m a little out of practice in the meet-the-parents scene.
I’m scared, I’m nervous, I’m excited, and way overthinking things.
What do I wear?  I don’t want to look like a total prude, but I also don’t want his parents thinking I’m some kind of slut.  I also want his sister to think I’m cool—what am I, back in high school?—so I need to wear something cute.  
In the end I go with a dark blue dress that exposes my shoulders, but covers up my chest.  I do my hair in a French braid that trails over my shoulder and keep my makeup moderate.  It takes me longest to pick out shoes though.  I’m too nervous to wear heels, I’ll probably end up breaking my ankles.  But if I wear flats, I know everyone’s first thought about me is going to be “short.”
In the end though, I go with a pair of white flats and tell myself to stop overthinking it all.
At six-fifteen, there’s a knock on the door and I literally skip across the apartment to open the door.
Drake stands there wearing a denim shirt with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows, black jeans, and of course, his Chucks.  His hands are stuffed deep in his pockets and he looks up at me from beneath those long lashes.
“You look…” he starts, trailing off into a dot, dot, dot that leaves me uncertain.
“Overdressed?” I say, my brows furrowing together and breaking out into panic.  “I’m way over doing it, right?  Just wait a second, I’ll put on some jeans,” I turn away from him, and panicking in the moment, don’t think about the fact that I am starting to undo my zipper with Drake right there.  “I knew this was too much.” 
“I meant,” he says as he crosses the space to me.  He pinches my fingers and the zipper between his own and stops my hand.  He leans in close, touching the tip of his nose to my upper back that I’ve exposed.  “That you look absolutely beautiful.”  His lips brush my skin and instantly there are goosebumps covering my skin.
“Don’t do that, or we are never going to make it for dinner,” I sigh as my eyes roll back and slide closed.  I relax into him as my female hormones go ballistic.
“Do what?” he says as his hand drops down.  I’m pretty sure he meant to place it on my thigh, but considering our height difference, it lands on my hip.  And his hips press into mine.
“Stop it,” I giggle as I step away from him and turn around.  “I don’t want to be late for the first time I ever meet your family.  It’ll leave a bad impression.  I can’t have that.”
“Let’s forget about them for a while,” he says, eying me up and down and my face flushes red.  “Instead, let’s stay here and—”
“No,” I say sternly through my coy smile as I walk toward the fridge and pull out the biggest bowl I own that is filled with salad stuff.  “And you may want to do something about that before we get there.”  I point between his legs and draw a little circle in the air.
“Oh my…” he says in embarrassment as he turns away and presses two fingers between his eyes.  “That’s just…just great.”
“Yeah,” I say as I take a step toward the door.  “It is pretty great, actually.”
Drake chuckles and looks back at me and shakes his head.
“Now, come on,” I say as I reach for the door and hold it open.  “Let’s get going.”
Drake takes two long, awkward strides toward the door.  He presses a kiss to my forehead before going out.  I lock the door behind me and follow him down to his car.
The McCain’s house is simple and older looking, but the yard is well manicured.  The garage door is open, revealing a minivan and a sedan parked inside.  In the driveway are two older looking cars.  Drake parks on the curb.  He gets out, walks around to my side and opens the door for me.
We walk through the door and I am instantly surrounded by a multitude of conversations being had throughout the house.
“I know it’s a worse car, but I made seven hundred bucks by selling my other one,” a girl I recognize as Sage from the picture says to the man I know to be their dad.  “I’ve got this stock thing down, Dad.  Just wait and see.”
“Lake!” a woman yells from the direction I assume is the kitchen.  “I told you I need some help in here!”
Everyone is so busy with life and talking they don’t even realize Drake and I have walked in.
It’s completely different from how my own house was growing up.  For forever it was just Mom and me and we’d eat together quietly, or I’d eat by myself while she’d be on the phone trying to figure out how to be an adult.  And then there was Dick for a while and eventually baby Skyler.
But this is wonderful.  This is what a home should look like.
This is what I hope my home will be like someday.
Drake’s hands come up to my shoulders.  The gesture is calm and comforting.  I relax back into him a bit and take a deep breath.
“You ready for this?” he breathes into my ear.
I nod, and a smile spreads on my face.
“If you’d all stop talking for two seconds, you will realize I’ve brought someone by,” Drake suddenly says loudly.  Loud enough it makes me jump.  My smile falters.  I probably look pained.
Sage and Mr. McCain look up at us and suddenly a woman appears in the doorway.
“You must be Kaylee!” she says warmly.  She crosses the entryway and wraps strong arms around me.  “It is so nice to meet you.  Drake has been talking about you non-stop since school started back up.”
“Is that right?” I tease as I look back at him when his mother releases me.  
He shrugs his shoulders.  “Guilty,” he admits with a lopsided grin.
“I’m Robin,” his mom says.  “Have you met Robert yet?”
“I haven’t,” I say as Robin takes the salad bowl from me.  “I’ve seen you from a distance at school though.”
He stands from the couch and crosses to shake my hand.  It feels awkward.  Shaking hands has always seemed cold.  Hugs are so much better.  I’m glad Robin seemed to agree.
“So you’re the pretty little thing that’s got Drake acting like a fool lately,” Robert says with a grin.
“Guilty,” I mimic when he lets go of my hand.  There goes the first short reference.
“Uh, Kaylee,” Drake steps in.  “This is my sister, Sage.”
“I love your dress,” she says with a smile from the couch.
“Oh, thank you,” I say, looking down at it.  Score one for me with the family points.  I’m suddenly very glad I didn’t change.
“Kale!” Drake suddenly yells.  
“What?” someone from right behind us snaps.
“Oh, didn’t see you there,” Drake says as we all turn.  “This is Kaylee, my, uh…my girlfriend.”
“’Sup?” Kale says with a smirk and a tip of his chin that makes him look way too grown up for his thirteen years.  He wears a pair of basketball shorts, but lacks a shirt.
“So all the McCain boys are relentless flirts?” I say with a smile that shifts from Kale to Drake.
“I taught them well,” Robert says as he heads for the kitchen, following Robin.
“Oh, stop that,” Robin chides.  “Don’t encourage them.”
“Gross,” Sage says with a shake of her head as she stands and starts for the kitchen as well.  For the first time, I realize what she herself is wearing.  A black pencil skirt, simple white shirt, and five inch black heels.  She’s as tall as Drake with them on.
And looks nothing like a starving college student.
Yeah, I’m defiantly a little intimidated by her and she’s only said five words to me.
“We are good at it,” someone says from behind.  I turn to see Lake giving me a smirk.
“At what?” I question, my brows drawing together.
“Flirting, of course,” he says as he raises an eyebrow and makes his way into the dining room.
“I told you to cut it out or it’s war,” Drake says, placing his hand on the small of my back.
“I’ll jump in on that battle,” Kale says.  “You know she likes this.”  He suddenly flexes, his biceps and pectoral muscles jumping in contrast against his well-tanned skin.
“Put a shirt on, fool,” Drake says, shoving his hand against Kale’s face and pushing him away.  I cover my mouth to hold in the laugh.
“Did he just flex for me?” I squeak.
“He flexes for everyone.”  Drake shakes his head.
“Okay, that’s enough boys!” Robin says as she wipes her hands on a towel.  “Act like human beings instead of cavemen before poor Kaylee thinks we’re all insane.  Let’s eat!”



CHAPTER SEVEN

My ancient world history classes continue learning about the Mesopotamians.  My world history freshmen start learning about China.  In historical lit we start in on the Grimm fairy tales.
It’s too busy of a week to do much with Drake.  School is in full swing now and we’ve both got hours of homework to grade each night.  I barely have time to think about him.
So when there’s a knock on the door Thursday night and I know it isn’t Drake, I’m not too happy about it.
I get up from off the floor, surrounded by a circle of papers and cross to the door.
“Mom?” I say when I open it to find her standing in the doorway.
“Hi honey,” she says with a small smile.  Her fingers are linked and she’s squeezing them together tight.  Her eyes are too bright and her smile is twitchy.  She looks nervous.
“Hi,” I say, trying to recover from my shock of her being here in the flesh.  It’s been at least three months since I’ve seen her last.  “Uh, come on in.”
I step aside and let her inside.  She walks through the door, and observes my living space.  
“I’ve been here almost a month now,” I start babbling.  I scoop up the papers from the floor and lay them on my bed.  “It’s cheap and pretty close to work.”
“It’s nice,” she says with a smile.  She takes a seat on the couch and lets her purse slide down to the floor.  I stand next to my bed awkwardly, unsure of what to say or do.
“I just got back from a business trip to Los Angeles,” she offers.  “This one was a killer.  I was there for almost two weeks.”
“Oh,” I say, giving an awkward nod.
She gives me this look, like she is very well aware of how uncomfortable this situation right now is.  Like she knows she’s been absent for far too long, like she knows it’s not okay that she’s not been a part of my life now for quite some time.  
“How’s your new teaching job?” she asks instead of trying to give any explanations or apologies.  
“Good,” I say with a nod as I sink down onto my bed.  “I’ve got a full-time position, so that’s pretty great.  I wasn’t sure if I’d find one or not.”
“Your students treating you well?” she asks.
“Yeah,” I say.  “Except this one that keeps flirting with me.  He’s kind of relentless.”
Mom’s brows furrow.  “That’s inappropriate.  Have you spoken to the principle about it yet?”
“It’s really not a big deal,” I give an awkward chuckle and laugh.  “He’s harmless.”
“Be careful,” she says with a small shake of her head.  “Situations like that tend to get teachers in trouble.  I saw this thing on the news a week or two ago about a teacher who got into a sexual relationship with one of his students.  The parents sued him and he’s probably going to serve jail time.”
“Mom,” I say in exasperation.  “It isn’t anything like that.  Lake’s just being a boy.  Trust me, I’m not encouraging him.”
“Hmm,” she says, observing me closely.  “So, how’s Alan these days?  He seemed like such a nice young man.  What you told me about him, anyway.”
A startled chuckle erupts from my chest.  Mom’s brows draw together again and she gives me a harsh look.  
“Alan broke up with me through text message over three weeks ago,” I say with a shake of my head.  Just then my phone starts ringing.  I grab it from my nightstand and see Drake’s name on the display.
“Just a second,” I say to Mom.  “Hey, can I call you back later?”
“Yeah, sure,” he says.  His tone says this was obviously not the hello he expected.  “Everything okay?”
I sigh.  I’m honestly not sure how respond.
“I take that as a no,” he says when I take too long to reply.  “Is this something I can fix with a chocolate muffin and an extra-large coffee in the morning?”
“That’d be a good place to start,” I say.  A smile is already creeping onto my face.
“’K, don’t forget to call me back.”
“I won’t.  Talk to you later.”
I hang up, and for just a moment, I forget why I was in such a bad mood.
“What’s the new man’s name?” Mom says in a teasing way.  I look up at her and see a smile curling on her lips.  “You’ve got a man grin on your face, Kaylee.”
“No, I don’t,” I say, shaking my head and trying to force my lips to not curl up.  “You have no idea what you’re talking about.”
“I may have been single for the vast majority of my life, honey,” she says as she leans forward and rests her arms on her knees.  “But I know what kind of smile is made by only a man.”
I shake my head and my smile goes away for real now.
The world I have with Drake is beautiful and surreal.  It’s above reality and I don’t want anyone to touch it.  Especially not my mother, who’s only barely started to figure out the real world as an adult in the past few years, and forgot that she needed to be a mother at the same time.
“I don’t really want to talk about this,” I say, unable to look at her.  I stand and fold my arms over my chest like a high schooler throwing a fit.  “Be around more, bother to check in more than once every three months, and maybe I’ll want to talk to you about the men in my life.”
“Kaylee, I—”
A quick knock at the door cuts her off.  And not a second later, Skyler comes walking in.
“Mom?” he says, his tone shocked.  He bolts across the room and throws his arms around her.  She looks just as surprised to see him for just a moment.  Finally, she melts into his hug and gathers him tight to her chest.
“Karen?”  Dick is just as shocked as everyone else to see my Mom.  He strides in cautiously, hands stuffed in his pockets.  “I didn’t know you were back.”
“I just got in an hour ago,” she says, stroking Skyler’s hair.  
“Oh,” he says.  There’s hurt in his eyes.  It’s hard for him to be around my mom.  He loved her, loved me, and she acted like she’d grown out of him.  “Uh, I was going to see if you could watch Skyler, Kaylee.  I’ve got something I have to go take care of.”
“As much as I’d love to spend some time with my brother, I think Mom would love some time with him even more,” I say, my tone harsh as I look at her.  She can hear every accusation and her eyes war between anger and hurt.
“Of course,” she says, hugging him tight and looking down at him.  He looks up at her with cautious adoration.  “I’ve missed you so much.”
“Missed you too, Mom,” he says, but he doesn’t sound so certain.
Mom may not have known what the heck she was doing with me, having popped me out just weeks after she graduated high school, but she was at least always there, until the very end of my high school days.  But Skyler?  He barely knows this woman.
“I’ve got some papers to grade,” I say, my voice chilly.  “I should really get back to work.”
“Of course,” Dick says.  He crosses my tiny apartment and gives me a quick hug.  He presses a kiss to my forehead and gives me a sad smile before looking at Karen.  She just gives him a blank look and he walks out.  Finally, Mom takes Skyler by the hand and starts for the door.
“See you later, little man,” I call to him.  I feel bad for basically ignoring my brother.
“Bye,” he says quietly.  I can see on his face that he’s uncertain.  But I also saw the love he had in his eyes when he first walked in and saw Mom.
“I’ll call you?” Mom says as she looks over her shoulder.  “Maybe we can go out to dinner?”
“Yeah,” I say, because I can’t be mean to my own mother.  Even when she deserves it.
____

“You forgot to call me back.”
I look up from the papers I’m trying to quickly grade before the bell for first period rings.
Drake stands in front of my desk with a brown paper bag in one hand and an extra-large coffee in the other.
“Ah, I’m so sorry,” I say, letting my face drop into my hands.  I’m exhausted, my head isn’t in the papers, and I am dreading the day that is sure to be a long and hard one.  “I just—”
“Hey,” Drake says and I hear him set the food and drink on my desk.  His hand touches my arm and I peek up at him.  “It’s okay.  It was pretty obvious you were having a bad day.”
“It was perfectly fine until my mom showed up after how many months of absence?  Without a word of communication?  And then Dick brought Skyler over and it was just…”  I fail to find the right words.  I want to scream, or hit something.
“Hey,” Drake says, placing a hand on my cheek.  I put my hand over his.  My eyes lock on my desk, and the point halfway between him and me.  “You survived it.  Can I make it better?”
A smile starts to form on my face, but it’s too tired and too frustrated to make it all the way.  “You brought me food.”
“Well, how about a date tonight?  Sort of,” he says.  I finally look up at him.  “Tonight’s the homecoming football game.  Lake’s starting.  I wondered if you wanted to come with me?”
At just looking into his eyes, something in my soul lightens.  I instantly feel less weighed down, the sour taste my mother’s visit has left in the back of my throat vanishes.  “Only if we go out for Chinese after.”
A smile breaks on his face and he gives a little huff of a laugh.  “You’ve got a deal, Miss Ray.”  He leans forward and presses a kiss to my forehead just as the warning bell rings.

I can hear the pounding feet on the stands, the trumpeting of the marching band, and the excited voices of students the second I climb out of my Mini.  I had to park out on the street, clear across the school and on the other side from the stadium, the lot was so crowded.  
I fight my way through students and parents and finally see the entry way to the stadium.
Leaning against the wall to the school waiting for me, is Drake.  His hands are stuffed into his pockets, his ankles crossed.
I smile the second I see him.  And he smiles when he sees me.
I swear my body will explode from all these things he makes me feel.  I can’t contain myself.  I bound forward, closing the space between us, and press my lips to him.
“So I guess we’re done hiding this from everyone?” he chuckles against my lips as his arms slide around me.
“I don’t care anymore,” I say as I shake my head.  I hug myself tight to him.
“Oh, Mr. McCain!” someone calls from behind us.  “Already snagged the new teacher!”
I turn to see some senior leering at us.  He and his buddies smile and laugh.
“Nothing I want you to see here,” Drake calls.  “Move along gentlemen.”
They hackle for a moment longer and finally go into the stands.  It’s nice that the students respect Drake enough to give us space, even with the teasing.  It’s easy to tell Drake is a well-loved teacher.
“You know the crap we’re going to get if we really do make this public,” he says, looking down at me.  Despite his cautious words, his arms around me don’t loosen one millimeter.
“Let them bring it on,” I say, leaning into him again, letting my lips hover a breath away from his.  “So long as we don’t get fired, I don’t give a damn.”
“I don’t think I’ve ever heard you swear before,” he chuckles.
“That’s how much I don’t care,” I smile.
He presses a soft kiss to my lips, brushing my nose with his.  “Okay.  We should probably talk to Principal Riker about it though.  He may accept it a bit more if he doesn’t feel like we’re going behind his back.”
“Meet me at his office at seven-thirty Monday morning?” I say quietly.
“I will be there.”  
Hand in hand, we walk into the stands.



CHAPTER EIGHT

“Good morning, Mr. McCain,” I say Monday morning.  He and I walk side by side, having arrived at the school at exactly the same time.  The morning is chilly and misty.  The school grounds are quiet and just starting to get light.
“Good morning, Miss Ray,” he says while giving me a side look and a smile.
  Drake holds the front door open for me and we step into the silent halls.
“So, what do we do if he’s not okay with this?” I ask quietly.  My heart is racing and threatens to beat out of my chest.  My palms feel sweaty and I swear my vision is failing.  I’ve just barely gotten this teaching job.  If I screw this up this early and get fired, no other school is going to ever want to hire me again.
“We’ll run away together and live somewhere far, far away,” Drake says in a tone that sounds dead serious.
It brings a little bit of a smile to my face.  But I’m still scared out of my mind.
The walk to the office feels very long and all too short at the same time.  Suddenly, finally, we are outside the doors.  Drake stops and turns to me before he opens it.
“Whatever happens in there, I want you to know it’s been worth it,” he says seriously.  He takes my hands in his and my heart is now in a dead sprint.  But unlike just a moment before, my vision is crystal clear and all I can see is this incredible man who has made my life amazing.  “I have zero regrets.”
“Me either,” I say, a full-fledged smile cracking on my face, and the words are so true.  It means everything that Drake cares enough to risk this, and that I would do the same for him.  I lean forward and he meets me half way, his lips assuring me that even if I do lose my job, this is right where I am supposed to be.
“Come on,” he says, backing away reluctantly.  He opens the door and we both step inside.
Principle Riker is sitting at his desk, scrawling something on the pages before him.  He doesn’t look up when we come in, but he does wave us in to sit down.  With shaking hands, I sink into a seat across from him.  I may look like I still belong in high school, but for the first time in years, I feel like I’m in high school again.  Sitting before him, about to confess to him that I’ve done something wrong.
Drake and I sit before him for two very long minutes before he finally puts his pencil down and looks up at us.
“Good morning,” he says with a smile that I can’t tell if it is friendly or annoyed.  I’m not sure about much of anything at this moment.  
“Morning,” I mutter quietly.
“Thanks for meeting with us, Sam,” Drake says.  His voice sounds nervous, but at least it’s working.  Unlike mine.  “I know it’s early and you’re busy.”
“Not a problem,” he says, even though he’s looking back down at his papers, gathering them up and stacking them into a neat pile.  “I always have time for my teachers.”
“Well,” Drake says with an uncomfortable courtesy laugh.  “We appreciate it.”
“So, what’s this about?” he says, setting the papers aside and folding his arms on the desk.
“Uh,” Drake says, that surprised, caught red-handed look of his crossing his face.  “We, uh, Miss Ray and I wanted to talk to you about something personal.”
“He and I are dating,” I suddenly blurt.  It takes me half a second to realize I actually vocalized the words and that I didn’t just say them in my head.  I slap my hands down around my mouth.
Drake looks at me in horror for a second, and I just stare back at him wide eyed.  And then Drake breaks out into a very awkward sounding chuckle.  
“Uh, yeah,” he says even more uncomfortably, looking back at Principle Riker.  “That’s what we wanted to meet with you about.  Kaylee, Miss Ray and I, we’ve recently started up a personal relationship and we wanted to make you aware of that.”
I’m quite sure I still have a look of complete humiliation on my face.  Sam has a look on his own face that I’m not sure if it’s boredom, annoyance, anger, or complete disinterest.  He looks from me to Drake, and back again.
“I think so long as the two of you know how to keep your personal interest out of the school and off school grounds, you two know how to be adults,” he finally says after what must be the longest thirty seconds in the history of mankind.  “Keep it to yourselves and I don’t really care what you do outside of class, so long as you never reflect poorly on Woodinville High School.”
“Really?” I say, my voice high-pitched and breathy.
Now both he and Drake laugh.  Sam nods his head.  “Really.”
I slouch back into my seat, which I’ve been perched on the edge of up until this point, and heave a huge breath.  I prop my head up with the heel of my hand and rest my elbow on the arm of the chair.
“You look like you’ve been dreading this conversation, Miss Ray,” Principal Riker teases.
“I have,” I admit with a chuckle.  “I really didn’t want to get fired.”
“We’ll have none of that,” he says kindly.  “Not when we’ve been getting such good feedback from our students about you, and such good grades from your classes.”
A smile pulls on my lips and I sit myself up again.  “Thank you.”
“Yes,” Drake pipes in.  “Thanks for understanding.  We’ll keep this on the down low.”
“I expect you to,” Sam says with a nod of his head.  He is serious and stern, but I can see the corner of his lips trying not to smile.  I wonder if he has ever felt the way I do when I’m with Drake.  Maybe Sam has.  Maybe that’s why he’s giving his blessing.  “If you’ll excuse me, I’ve got some things to take care of.”
“Of course,” Drake says and he and I both stand.  Without another word, we walk out of the office.
We don’t get more than half a dozen steps away when Drake wraps his arms around me, picking me up clean off the ground and twirling me in a circle.  I barely manage to contain the delighted squeal that wants to erupt from my lips.
Our eyes lock and he sets me down slowly.  My lips ascend to his and linger for a brief but sweet moment.
Drake holds me close, in danger of breaking the deal we made just moments ago, but that look on his face tells me he doesn’t care one bit.  His eyes stare into mine and I feel all those beautiful emotions he evokes in me wake to life.
“How’d I ever have a life without you?” he whispers.  He brings his hand up to brush his fingertips lightly over my cheek.
“I don’t think we were ever supposed to exist without each other.”  I close my eyes and press my forehead to his chest.
We get to stand like that for five blissful seconds before Drake’s phone dings with a text message.  We step apart just as the first two students come through the front doors.
“Ugh,” Drake grunts as he looks down at his phone.  “Again?”
“What is it?” I ask, concern on my face as we start walking in the direction of our classrooms.
“About three weeks before school started my ex and I broke up,” he says, sliding his phone into his pocket and looking forward.  “Diana and I were together for about six weeks.  It was pretty rocky the whole time.  She’s been texting me on and off the last few weeks.  She just said she wants to talk.”
Jealousy instantly roars up in me and my entire body stiffens.
Drake must notice because he grabs my hand and pulls me to a stop.  “I don’t want to talk to her.  Things are and were done over a month and a half ago.  You really, really don’t have to worry about this.  And I’m sorry I didn’t say anything about it before.  I just figured she’d go away.”
I take a deep breath as Drake drops my hand because he has to.  I nod my head and try to calm the million angry fire ants that have suddenly replaced my blood.  “Yeah.  Sorry.  I just instantly got a little possessive there.”
This brings that lopsided smile to Drake’s face.  “You have no idea how bad I want to kiss you right now.  You’re cute when you’re jealous.”
“Shut up,” I say, giving a big shove to his chest.  He rocks back, off balance, but that’s the extent of my damage.  “Get to class, Mr. McCain.”



CHAPTER NINE

The first week of October rolls in, bringing cooler weather, changing leaves, and rain every third day.
Finally, after trying to get ahold of Armando for a week, he knocks on my door one Saturday afternoon.
“Where have you been?” I say with a glare as I let him into the apartment.  “I’ve been calling and texting.  Has work really been that bad?”
“Oh, Kaylee,” he says wistfully as he dramatically flops down on my couch.  “I’ve had the most amazing eight days of my life.”
I do a melodramatic intake of breath and sit on the coffee table in front of the couch.  “You met someone!”
“I did,” he says with a sigh as his eyes slide closed.  “His name is Anthony.  He’s sweet, and sophisticated, and beautiful.  We’ve just had the most wonderful week together.”
“No wonder you never answered any of my calls or texts,” I tease him.  “You were otherwise preoccupied.”
“Was I ever,” he says with a shake of his head, his eyes still closed.
“Picture?” 
He reaches into his pocket and opens his eyes a small slit while he scrolls through, looking for a picture.  Finally, he turns the phone and hands it to me.
The man is attractive.  He’s got redish-brown hair done up in a dramatic faux hawk.  Freckles dot his cheeks and he smiles with brilliantly white teeth.
“I take it you’re happy then?”  I hand his phone back to him.
“More than that,” he says as his eyes flash wide open and he stares up at my ceiling with a foolish grin on his face.  “I think I’m in love.”
“I’m happy for you,” I say, smacking his arm lightly.  “You deserve to find someone perfect.”
Armando looks over at me and finally sits up.  He drapes his arms across the back of the couch and crosses his legs.  “How about you, Ray of Kaylee?  Have you found someone perfect?  Have you found your Prince Eric?”
The idiotic grin spreads from his face to mine and instantly I feel warm inside.
“It’s so bad and so good at the same time,” I confess.  “I’m just so deliriously happy when I’m with him.  It’s been the best four weeks of my life.  Easy.”
“Are you saying you’re in love?” he taunts.
I didn’t think it was possible, but my smile grows bigger.  “I won’t say it for the first time unless it’s to his actual face.  But…”
“As if he can’t already tell,” Armando grins.  “Sweetheart, you’ve been glowing nonstop since you met that man.  If you’re not in love with this man, there is absolutely no hope for the rest of us to ever know what that word means.”
My phone dings and I look down to see a text from my mom.
Please, she says.  I have to go out of town again in five days.  Can we please meet and talk?
She’s been texting and trying to call.  She keeps asking me to meet her.  She says she’s sorry for our fight the other day.  And lately she’s been saying I need to forgive her and move on from all this.
Like it’s no big deal.
I sigh and look up at Armando.  “What do you think?  Do I act nice and talk to my mom?”
Armando’s nose crinkles.  “Absolutely not.  That woman needs to learn what her priorities are.”
“Yeah,” I say as I look back down at my phone.  “I don’t think she’s going to get that though until someone very specifically spells it out for her.”
Fine, I text back.  Meet me at Stanolli’s at seven.

We both stare at our food and silently eat.  We’ve said little more than hi and how are you since we arrived at the restaurant.  We ordered, got our food, and now we’re avoiding any real conversation.
I’ve never really been close with my mom.  She was always there, but she didn’t really see me.  She always took care of my needs, I was an idea that needed to be constantly addressed.  But me, actual Kaylee?  I was invisible.
I’m still not sure she’s seeing me.  I’ve upset her and she wants to set this right.  But am I more than an idea that needs to be addressed?  Does she see Kaylee sitting in front of her?  A girl who believes in fairy tales, who gets flirted with by students every other day, a girl who loves summer time and rocking out to any good song that comes on the radio in her car?
I’m honestly not sure.
“How long are you going to be gone on this trip?” I ask, finally breaking the silence.
“Uh,” she says, wiping her mouth with a napkin.  “About two weeks again.  This is a big client in Chicago.”
I nod, chewing on my lower lip.  “Does Dick have any help with Skyler while you’re gone?”
“He seems to be doing okay lately,” Mom says, not quite meeting my eyes.  She reaches for her glass.  Her hand shakes as she brings it to her lips.  “And he has you to help him out.”
The temperature of my blood starts to rise.  My hands curl into fists.  “And you don’t feel any guilt walking away from your son for fourteen days at a time?”
“Kaylee,” Mom says, narrowing her eyes at me and her brows furrowing.  “I have to work.  I have to earn money to help support your brother.”
“But you have to work a job that takes you away from him for weeks at a time?  Why can’t you find something that you can be around?”  My voice is slowly rising and my insides grow harder.
“I’m finally making good money,” she says, her voice hard.  “I have a real career now.  Surely you can understand that.”
“No,” I say, shaking my head.  “I can’t.  You’ve all but abandoned Skyler.  And that would be fine if you just cut and dry walked away from him, but he never knows when you’ll waltz back into his life and pretend like you care.  He’s always hoping that maybe you’ll be around for a little longer this time.  He hopes maybe you’ll come to his t-ball game, or his soccer matches.  What do you think it’s doing to him?”
“I’m making it so he can have a good life,” my mother says.  Her eyes lock on the table.
“I know you were too young when you had me and you never got the chance to be a real grown up and get a good job when you wanted.  You had me to deal with.  And you dealt,” I say.  My jaw is set hard and my stomach churns.  “And I know you’re proud of yourself for getting this job and finally figuring stuff out.  But you’re still a mother.  You still have a seven year old little boy who needs a mom to tell him bedtime stories and sing him silly songs about brushing his teeth and doing his homework.  He doesn’t need an absent money maker.  What is that ever supposed to mean to him?”
I sit back in my chair, suddenly feeling out of breath and exhausted.  Tears sting the back of my eyes and my hands feel shaky.
“You know,” I say, crossing my arms over my chest.  “I have met someone.  Someone I can’t imagine not being in my life.  Someone I’m pretty damn sure I want to spend the rest of my life with.  Someone I want to raise my own kids with.  And if we do, I’m going to make sure I’m there for them.  Every second.  Because you’re supposed to love your kids that much.  Skyler loves you, but I’m not so sure you love him back.”
I can’t take another second.  I stand and drop a twenty dollar bill on the table.  Because it’s all I have on me.  And I walk swiftly toward the door.  I pull my phone out and dial Drake.  I’m not watching where I’m going, so when I step off the curb, I bump right into Mom’s lime green Beetle, which is parked right in front of the doors.
“Hey,” Drake answers cheerily.
“Can you meet me at the school?” I say as I right myself.  My voice shakes and betrays the tears that threaten to break onto my cheeks.  My limbs tremble as I make my way down the street to my own car.  “Now?”
“I’ll be there in five minutes.”
I am ten minutes away, further than he is from the school, and Drake’s car is in the middle of the parking lot when I get there.  When he sees my car, he climbs out, closes his door, and leans against it.
And the second I see him, those tears I’ve been holding back spring out like a waterspout.  I bite my lower lip and erupt from my car the second it is in park.
I sprint the small distance between us and my arms lock around his neck and I crush my lips to his.  The tears continue to roll down my face.
“Hey,” he whispers against my lips.  “What’s wrong?”
I squeeze my eyes closed harder, pushing more tears down my face.  I shake my head and press my forehead to his chin, because it’s as high as I can reach.
“She’s screwing it up so bad,” I say, shaking my head still.  “This isn’t what a family is supposed to be like.”
“What happened?” he says, rubbing a hand over my back.  The other holds me to him tightly.
I shake my head again and my trembling eases slightly.  “Nothing.  That’s exactly it.  Mom’s exactly the same as she’s been all along.”
Drake brings his hands up to the sides of my face and forces me to look up at him.  “I don’t know exactly what’s going on, but I know you’re strong enough to get through it.  Humans make stupid decisions.  Nobody’s perfect.”
“You are,” I say, looking up into those hazel eyes.  The storm inside me begins to calm and is replaced with that sense of comfort and ease.
“No,” he says with a breathy chuckle.  “Not even close.”
“Pretty close,” I say as a smile slowly begins to form on my face.  “You’re kind, and caring.  You always want to make things better.”
Drake presses a soft kiss to my forehead, proving my point.  His arms once again wrap around my body, promising safe harbor.
I relax into him, taking a deep breath.
“I love you,” he breathes.
And everything that has ever been wrong in my world is righted with those words.
I look up into his eyes and there I see the truth of what he’s just confessed.
“I love you too,” I say.  “More than anything.”
He brings his forehead down to mine and his lips hover a millimeter from mine.
“All I want to do is give you a happily ever after,” he whispers.
“You’re already giving it to me.”  I let my lips brush his as I speak.  My eyes slide closed and I let myself live in this moment.  This moment that is perfect and untouchable to the real world.
“Drake, I don’t ever want to let you go,” I say, feeling the back of my eyes sting again.  Not out of frustration or anger or abandonment this time.  Out of pure happiness.  “I want to create a life with you.  I want to make a family and a home and a forever with you someday.”
Drake stills for just a moment.  And then he shifts, dropping down on one knee.  He takes one of my hands in his and stares up at me intensely.  That smile that only Drake can put on my face forms on my lips.
“Kaylee, I promise that I will do everything in my power to give you that forever,” he says as a smile starts forming on his own face.  “I don’t know that I’m any kind of a prince, but I’ll do everything I can to give you a happily ever after.  Will you let me give you that?”
One more tear springs onto my cheek and I nod my head furiously.  “Yes.”
Drake stands and once again brings his hands to either side of my face and his lips move in sync with mine.
It wasn’t a marriage proposal.  It’s too soon for that.  We still have so much to learn about each other.  
But sometimes you just know when you’re standing beside the one you’re meant to be with.  Sometimes you know exactly when you’ve found your prince.



CHAPTER TEN

“You know that awesome black sesame chicken we had a few weeks ago?” I ask as Drake and I walk toward the doors Tuesday night.
“Yeah,” he says as he slips his hand into mine.  I hope we’re safe, school got out two hours ago.  There’s no lingering students around that I can see.
“I found this recipe last night that looks exactly like it.  I was thinking I could make it for dinner tomorrow if you want to come over?”
“That sounds perfect,” he says, leaning over and kissing the top of my head.  Sometimes I wish I was taller and those kisses could be on my cheek instead of my head, like a child.
“I’ve got to pick up Skyler now and then I’m going grocery shopping,” I say as we walk out into the bright sunshine.  The ground is soggy and wet from the rain we’ve gotten the past two days, but at the moment it’s warm and bright.  “You want to come?”
“Sure,” he says.  “I think it’s time I finally meet at least one member of your family.”
We climb into my car and fifteen minutes later Skyler runs out of Dick’s house and piles into the back seat.
“Hey,” he says.  His voice sounds surprised.  “Who are you?”
“Hey there,” Drake greets him as Skyler buckles and then just gives him a large-eyed expression.  “My name’s Drake.  I’m Kaylee’s boyfriend.”
“Does that mean you’re a boy who is her friend, or does that mean you two kiss?” he asks, sounding absolutely grossed out.
“Uh,” Drake says, glancing at me, not entirely sure how to handle this awkward situation.  I just smile and shake my head as I head toward the store.  At the same time, I hear Drake’s phone ding with a text.  “Well, me and Kaylee are friends, but I also happen to really, really like kissing her.”
“Disgusting,” I hear Skyler say.
Drake and I both break into laughter.
And I have absolutely no fears that Drake with be an inadequate father.  The very thought sends a thousand butterflies through my insides.
____
The morning is quiet and peaceful and I have exactly twelve and a half minutes until the warning bell is going to ring for first period.  I’ve finally caught up with all the homework I have to grade and I am just finishing up next week’s lesson plans.
The door to my room opens and closes.  I finish my last few notes, glancing over them once more before standing to head for the whiteboard.
And stop when I realize the person who’s come in is not a student.
“Hi,” I say to the fairly tall brunette who’s looking at me with a slightly confused expression.  She looks around my age, clearly too old to be a high school student.  “Can I help you?”
“Uh, yeah,” she says uncomfortably.  She looks around my classroom confused.  “Sorry, I thought this was Drake McCain’s classroom.”
“Oh,” I respond with a smile.  “This was his room last year.  He’s in three-oh-five now.”
“Okay,” she says.  “Thanks.”
And without another word she walks out and lets the door close behind her.
The warning bell rings and students start pouring through the doors over the next few minutes.
“Morning Miss Ray,” a voice says.  I turn to see Lake walking through the door, backpack slung over one shoulder.  He’s got one hand in a pocket and ease on his shoulders.  He’s going to be a heart breaker someday.  Probably already is.  “How you doing today?”
“Just fine, Lake,” I say with a smirk and a shake of the head.  “You know, you should really stop flirting with me.  I am dating your brother.”  I add this last part quietly.
“No need to whisper,” he taunts with a whisper of his own.  “The entire school already knows about you two.  When two teachers hook up, it tends to spread quickly.”
I’m sure my face flushes red and suddenly I can’t look at my class who is settling in.  “Well, that’s embarrassing.”
Lake chuckles and looks at the class too.  “Hey, I’m supposed to tell you that my mom wants you and Drake to come over for dinner again on Sunday.  Something about her wanting to get to know you better.”
“Oh,” I say, taken off guard.  “Yeah, tell her I’ll be there.”
Lake gives me a smirk and finally makes his way to his seat.
“Okay,” I say when the tardy bell has rung and I’ve taken attendance.  “We’ve been talking about Ramesses the second.  Today I want to talk a bit about his wife, Nefertari.”
The students take out their notebooks and pencils start scratching across paper.
I pace in front of the class with a whiteboard marker in hand.  I’ve got notes written all over it, only half way up the board since I can’t reach any more of it.  “We don’t really know much about the relationships between the pharaoh’s and their wives, but we can glean some idea from these two.
“Nefertari was featured quite prominently on her husband’s temples and monuments.  He wrote love poetry on the walls of her burial chambers.  This is unusual.  So, do you think maybe they were in love?”  The class just stares back at me with tired eyes.
“I think so,” I continue.  “But…did you know that the royal succession line ran through the females?  Unlike most of the cultures we see in history.  This is why we see situations that get kind of weird sometimes; things like marriages with brothers and sisters, fathers and daughters.”
This finally gets a reaction from the class.  There’s grunts of disgust and several declarations of “gross.”
Good, I’ve got their attention on this early morning.

I don’t see Drake during our third period break hour and Mr. Scott informs me at lunch that Drake suddenly called in a substitute and left right as first period started.
I text him a few times, asking if he’s okay.  He doesn’t respond.
It takes me clear until I’m headed home after school to remember the woman who came looking for him this morning.
What did she want and who was she?  And what could she have said that made him leave so quickly?  He obviously wasn’t sick, and it didn’t seem like some kind of family emergency since Lake stayed all during first period.
There’s a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach that grows heavier and heavier as I get home.  But determined not to jump to any irrational fears before he can come and explain himself during our date, I go up to my apartment and start making our dinner.
What I am preparing is complicated and time consuming which is good for keeping my mind from thinking up dramatic scenarios.  I chop the vegetables, cut the chicken, start the noodles soaking, fry the ingredients together.  I put dessert in the oven.
And watch the clock tick closer and closer to six-thirty.  I turn the heat down on the stove and let the food simmer, dump the noodles in the pan.  I sit at the bar and stare at the clock as it ticks down the final two minutes until Drake is supposed to arrive.
Six-thirty comes.  Than six-thirty-five.  Six-fifty.
And just as I am about to put the food into containers to move to the fridge, there is a knock at the door.
I don’t know what is coming, but I feel full of lead and ice as I get up and walk to the door.  I pause for just a moment with my hand on the knob and stare at it.
How do I know that something is about to happen?  Is it premonition or something instinctual?  Maybe it’s just that extra female sense, the one that just knows.
Finally, I turn the knob and pull the door open.
Drake stands in the hall, his eyes on the floor.
His hair is a mess.  It stands on end like he’s been pulling at it.  The top three buttons on his shirt are undone and one sleeve is rolled up to his elbow, the other hangs open around his wrist.
And his face is pasty white.
“Drake?” I breathe.  
Finally, he looks up at me and there is nothing but sadness and dread in his eyes.
“What’s happened?” I ask.
Suddenly his eyes redden and well.  I reach out for his arm and gently pull him inside.  I close the door and lead him to the couch.  He sinks down into it with a limp flop.
I sit on the coffee table, my hands pressed firmly together between my knees.  There’s a rock in my throat that threatens to suffocate me.  And I don’t even know why it’s there.
“She kept…”  Drake’s voice cuts out before it even really begins, strangled and hoarse.  “She kept saying she really needed to talk to me.  And I kept brushing her off.”  He shakes his head twice.  “She…she really did need to talk to me.”
My body slows and frost starts growing in my chest.  “That woman who came looking for you this morning was Diana, wasn’t it?”
Drake still doesn’t look at me.  He stares vacantly ahead and nods.
“We, uh…” he struggles to speak.  “We broke up the second week of August.  But…”  Three tears leak out onto his cheek.  He presses a fist to his lips and shakes his head.  “Kaylee, I don’t want to tell you this but we…we had sex a week before that.  We used a condom, but…”
More tears leak down his cheeks, working their way past his closed eyes.
I stop breathing and time seems to stop.
I’m not good at math, but even I can put this together.
The beginning of August was roughly ten weeks ago.  She’d been trying to talk to Drake for two or three weeks now.
“Diana’s pregnant,” I whisper.  I bite my lower lip, as if I wish I could take back the words I’ve just spoken and make them untrue.  “You’re the father.”
Drake collapses back into the couch and his eyes open to stare at the ceiling.  He shakes his head.  He’s stark white and looks ready to vomit.
“Yeah,” he barely gets out. 
Silence is painful.  It’s heavy and suffocating and when no one is saying anything it can let your imagination torture you.
But silence is what takes the place in absence of words.
I’m not sure how long we sit there, saying absolutely nothing.  Time ceases to have any meaning.
But the future, the one we had talked about so recently, it becomes expertly clear.
Drake is a good man.  He will make a wonderful father.  And he will do the right thing.  He’ll be a part of his baby’s life.
And I have no right being a complication to that.
I hear Drake shift and look down to see him sitting forward.  His forearms rest on his knees.  His eyes are red and puffy.  His skin is white with red splotches.  He looks like a wreck.  But he still looks like my Drake.  My Drake that I wanted to be my future husband and future father to our future children.
“I could kill myself, Kaylee,” he says, but his voice is little more than a hoarse whisper.  “I promised you things I had every intention of keeping.  Things I want so bad I can’t even breathe right now.  But…”
“But you’ve got to make this right,” I finish for him when he can no longer say the words.
He swallows hard and his eyes drop to the floor.
“I never knew my father,” I say.  It hurts to speak, my throat is so tight.  My voice doesn’t sound like my own.  “I literally don’t know his name.  And being a kid without a father is no way to grow up.  It isn’t fair.  So Drake, you’ve got to forget about any feelings you may have for me.  This is more important.”
I meet Drake’s eyes again.  They well heavy and not two seconds later, they run down his cheeks again.  He shakes his head and a gut-wrenching sob escapes him.  He collapses forward, his head resting on my chest and his arms wrapping around my middle.
He may as well have just stabbed a knife through my heart.  It’s been hard enough, keeping it together these past few moments when all I want to do is cease to exist.  But his touch is the seal of obliteration.
No sounds come from me, unlike Drake, who sobs loud and hard.  I cry silently.  I cling hard to Drake, our frames shaking.  
It’s killing me to be near him like this right now, but I know I’m going to truly die inside the second I have to let him go.



CHAPTER ELEVEN

I call in a sub for the next two days.  
I stare at the ceiling.  I lie in my bed.  I don’t shower or dress.  I don’t eat.  I don’t breathe or think or live.
Life isn’t a fairy tale and I’m not a princess.  This isn’t some Hollywood romance where we get a happily ever after and dreamily float off into the sunset.
What a stupid girl I was.
Thursday night someone knocks and I do not have the energy or spark to get up and answer it.
“Kaylee?”
Mom.
“Kaylee, are you in there?”  She knocks again.  She’s quiet for a minute.  And then I hear a hand on the door knob and it squeaks as she turns the handle and comes inside.
If I was going to let myself drown in misery, I should have at least locked the door.  That way no one could have walked in and interrupted.
“Oh, honey,” she says dramatically.  I hear her drop her purse and rush across the apartment.  She kneels beside me on the bed and brushes the hair off my forehead.
I should be embarrassed and I know I look bad.  A pair of underwear and an oversized sweater are all I’m wearing.  I haven’t touched my hair or face since the bomb of life-ending destruction was dropped on me.
“What happened?” she says quietly.
If I weren’t so emotionally drained and numb, I’d hear the actual, genuine concern in her voice.  I might have looked up into her eyes and seen the fear there.
Instead, all I can do is lie there and continue staring up at the ceiling.
“Kaylee, what is going on?” Mom asks again.  “Dick said he hasn’t been able to get ahold of you in a few days, the school says you’ve called in sick.  Honey, what’s the matter?”
“Drake’s gone,” I say.  My voice sounds weird.  Unused.  Broken.
“You two broke up?”
It takes me a long moment to process what she’s saying.  I blink slowly and look back up at the ceiling.  “More like we exploded.”
Mom doesn’t say anything for a really long time.  She brushes the hair back from my face again.  She’s quiet on the outside, but I can feel the storm of questions and inability to provide any comfort swirling inside of her.
“I’m going to be okay,” I say.  My voice is hollow.  “I know you have to leave for your trip today.  You can go.”
Her brushing of my hair quickens for a minute or so.  She has no idea how to handle me.
And I’m grateful for that for a while.  For just the smallest of moments, I can focus on feeling angry at her instead of trying to tell myself not to feel anything.
“Call me if you need anything,” she says quietly.  She leans over and presses a kiss to my forehead and then climbs out of my bed.  I hear her retrieve her purse and cross the room.  She pauses in the doorway.  And after a minute or so, I hear the door close.
I flop an arm over my eyes just as the tears start rolling again.

In the morning, I hurt.  I hurt from not moving for the past sixty plus hours.  My stomach hurts from lack of food.  My head hurts from lack of water.
And my heart hurts for obvious reasons.
First I roll to the side of the bed.  My head spins violently for a minute when I first sit up.  My legs shake slightly when I force them to stand.  I stumble my way across the apartment to the kitchen.  I fill a glass and slowly sip at it until it’s gone.  I grab a banana from the counter and choke it down.
Second I stumble back toward the bathroom.  I turn the shower on, hot as it will go.  I strip down, only now realizing how terrible I smell.  I take my time in the shower.  For the first fifteen minutes, I simply stand with my body and head under the water, letting it run over me.  But finally, I wash my hair, wash my body, and climb out.
Third I force some clothes on my body.  Simple black dress pants, a turquoise button up shirt.  I brush my hair straight back, fix it into a bun, and secure everything with a thin, black elastic headband.
I don’t have the energy for makeup.
I stare at myself in the mirror for a long while.  I look tired, empty.  I look like a ghost.
With only twenty minutes until first period starts, I grab my things and go down to the car.  It faithfully carries me to the school parking lot.
I sit in my car for a while.  Everyone mills about so normal.  They smile and laugh and tease one another.  They carry on like nothing has happened.  Like no one’s world has just come crashing down on them.
It doesn’t seem fair that they’re allowed to continue feeling so normal, when my world has been spun on its head and then smacked with a baseball bat.
Finally, I walk into my classroom just as the warning bell sounds.  I start writing the lesson material on the board as students start trickling in.
I make the mistake of glancing toward the door, just as Lake walks in.
His expression is serious, something it isn’t very often.  He has genuine hurt and concern in his eyes.  He takes a few steps toward me and tries to smile.  It’s lopsided.  And looks exactly like Drake’s.
I try to smile back, but instead, tears bite at the back of my eyes.  I look back at the board, unable to look at Lake any longer.
“So, Miss Ray,” a student in the seats says.  “I heard you and Mr. McCain are hooking up.”
And the next second I hear flesh meeting flesh.
I whip around to see another male student, Chris Tate, half on the floor, half hanging off the side of his desk, cradling his jaw.  Lake scrambles after him, gathering the front of his shirt in his fist.
“You shut up about that!” Lake bellows, raising his fist again.
“Lake!” I bellow, darting across the room and grabbing the back of his shirt.  “Stop it!  Stop.”
He doesn’t swing, but he’s still got blood in his eyes as he stares down at Chris. 
“It’s fine,” I say, my voice shaking just slightly.  “Let him go.”
Lake finally looks back at me, his eyes still angry but without the violence.  He shoves Chris away and turns to sit in his seat.  “I’m sorry to hear about what happened.  It sucks, and it’s not fair.”
I glance around at the class, all of whom are staring at us.  The tardy bell rings.  “Yeah,” I breathe as I turn and head back for the front of the class.

Second period is drama free.  We talk about ancient Egypt, the bell rings, and they leave.
I have no idea what to do during my break period.  Since I had a sub the last two days, I have no homework to grade.  I’d outlined all my lesson plans for the next two weeks at the beginning of this one.
Normally on days like this, I’d seek out Drake.  
I can’t do that now.
Once the halls are quiet again, everyone settled in for third period, I cross my room.  I turn out the lights and lock the door.  I walk back to the corner where my desk is, place my back on the front wall, and sink to the floor.
My knees bend up and my elbows rest on them and I let my face fall into my hands.  
Everything in me wants to sink back into that numb and hollow state I’ve been in the last two days.  It was easier to be empty than filled with pain and broken glass.
But I have one more class today and I can’t fall apart now.
I lean my head back against the wall and stare up at the ceiling.
I kept thinking about it, that first night after Drake told me Diana was pregnant.  Was there a way for him and me to still be together, despite all this?  The situation would be complicated and messy, but could it still work?
But then I kept picturing the baby that was to come in what?  Seven months?  And I couldn’t do that.
If there was any chance that Drake and Diana could use this time to create any kind of a positive relationship between the two of them, they had to do it.  They had to try and make a happy family for that unborn baby.  Because every child deserves a chance at a happily ever after.
I honestly don’t ever want to see the baby, but I will not stand in some little boy or little girl’s way of getting a happy life.
A movement to my left catches my eye and I look toward the door.
Drake is standing at the window that runs the length of the door.  His hands are stuffed in his pockets.  There are big bags under his eyes.  He looks exhausted, beaten.  Worse than I looked this morning.
He raises a hand and presses his palm to the window.  His eyes may look empty, but I know the death he’s experiencing inside.
Because one of the worst parts about this is that I know Drake loves me.  The night we talked in the parking lot about the future left no doubt in my mind.  Drake loves me and I love him.
We just can’t be together.



CHAPTER TWELVE

Time passes.  It grates over you like sandpaper when you’re already left bleeding on the rugged road, leaving you raw and hardly able to move.  But it does pass.  Even when you’re pretty sure you’re dead.
Two weeks somehow go by.
Drake and I don’t say a word.  The first few days he’d look through my window every break period, just looking.  And then he missed a day and then was back.  And then he missed three days.  And then he stopped.
I saw Diana once.  After school.  Drake was walking out to the parking lot.  Diana was waiting at his car.  He tried to give a little smile when he saw her, but it was broken and weak.  She gave him a smile that was pretty similar.  I wonder how she feels about this.  
Does she want a relationship with Drake again?  Does she remember how sweet and kind he is?  Does she get butterflies in her stomach just thinking about him?
If she doesn’t she’s a fool.

“Ray of Kaylee, you’ve got to eat something.”
Armando actually sounds mad.  I snap out of whatever alternate pain-free world I’ve zoned into and focus on his face.  We’re at a Chinese restaurant.  There’s a huge platter before us, a sampler of everything on the menu, and I haven’t touched a thing.
“I know you complain about your thighs,” he continues, giving me a glare.  “But sweetheart, you don’t have anything to lose.  I know for a fact that you used to weigh a hundred and eleven pounds.  If you are less than one-zero-zero, I will start stuffing cupcakes down your throat until we get you back up to par.”
I glare at him, hurt and angry.  But also glad that someone cares.
I’m not below one hundred, but I’m only one pound above it.  And that terrifies me.
“Kaylee, you have got to start living,” Armando says as he hands me chopsticks.  “I know how you felt about Drake and yes, you two were perfect.  But you have to continue living a life.  You can’t let this consume you for forever.”
“It’s been less than three weeks.  Give me a break,” I hiss as I take the chopsticks and break them apart.  I grab a tangle of noodles and shove them into my mouth to make him happy.  And don’t taste much of anything.  I wish I could, but I don’t.  I can’t.
“I know you’re hurting, and I get that it takes time to get over people,” he says, eying me with compassion now.  “But I’m scared for you.  I’ve never seen you this low.”
It’s true.  Armando has been my best friend since high school.  He’s been there for me through thick and thin, just as I’ve been for him.  I was there when he came out of the closet our senior year, when he got his first boyfriend freshman year in college.  And he was there to wipe away my tears after every boy broke my heart.
The back of my eyes sting and I shake my head.  “I’m done,” I say, my voice showing hints of quivering.  “No more searching for Prince Charming, no more falling fast and hard.  No more falling at all.  I can’t do it anymore, Armie.  I just…I can’t survive this.”
“You can survive this,” he says, reaching over and taking my hand in his.  “You’ve always survived it in the past and I know you can make it past this one.”
I bite my lower lip and nod.  “I mean it though.  I’m done looking for the one.  I’m done falling in love and getting my heart broken.”
Armando looks at me for a long time and it’s easy to tell he doesn’t know what to say.
Finally, after over a full minute of silence, he speaks.  “Guard that beautiful, soft heart well.” 
____
I lock the door to my classroom behind me and try not to drop my boxes at the same time.  My historical lit class has finished their papers on the differences in historical fairy tales and modern ones.  I’ve got a long night of grading ahead of me.  They’re seven page papers.  Single spaced.  I may have been feeling a little vindictive when I gave the assignment two weeks ago.
“Hey.”
School got over two hours ago, the halls should be dead silent right now, so I drop my box and papers go flying I jump so hard.
I look up to see Sage walking toward me.
“Sorry,” she says, bending to help me gather the papers back up.  This is a trick, considering the four inch red pumps she’s wearing.  She’s also wearing skin tight black pants and an oversized white button up shirt with black polka dots.  “Didn’t mean to scare you.”
“No, it’s fine,” I say as we finish stacking the last of them up.  I dump them back into the box.  “How are you?”
We both stand back up and start walking down the hall toward the parking lot.
“Good,” she says, flashing a winning smile.  I have to respect Drake’s sister.  She exudes confidence, like nothing bad can ever stick to her.  “Classes are going well, I’ve got my professors wrapped around my little finger.  The money I put into the stock market has doubled in the last few weeks.”
“You’re going to be an impressive woman once you graduate,” I say.  “What’s your degree in again?”
“Business,” she says.  Her heels click on the tile floor, echoing off the lockers that surround us.
I nod, swallowing hard.  Lake may have Drake’s smile, but Sage has his eyes.
“I heard about you and Drake, and Diana,” she says, her voice softening slightly.  “It’s not fair how things ended up.”
I stop in the hallway.  We’re not far from the doors.
“No,” I say, feeling the numbness start to creep in on me again.  “It’s really not.”
Sage is quiet for a long moment.  I feel her eyes on me and look at her, and we just stare at each other for a long moment.  I can practically see the words behind her eyes.
“People hurt you in life sometimes,” she finally says.  “They can destroy you.  They can take things away that you didn’t even know were there and they can change who you are without your permission.”  She folds her arms over her chest and it feels like a defensive move.
“But we have choices when it comes to things like this.  We can let them wreck our lives or we can use them to make us stronger.  You have the power to decide that this will not hurt you anymore.  You can choose to not feel it one second longer.  Use the pain and the hurt and learn a lesson from it.”
“It’s not that easy,” I say, shaking my head.
“No, it’s not,” she says, and there’s complexity in her voice.  Her strong gaze falters for a moment.  “But you’re a woman.  Set your mind to it, and make it better.  Realize that men are not the only things that make life worth living.  Realize how amazing you are and make a name for yourself, and don’t feel sorry for doing it.”
I see her teeth clench hard, the muscles in her jaw flexing.  Her hands roll into fists and for just a moment, there is a bit of uncertainty in her eyes.
I’m about to say thanks, when she turns and walks back in the direction of Drake’s classroom.
I watch her as she goes.  Sage is determined and strong and confident.  There’s no doubt about that.
But what in her past has made her say the things she’s just did?  The girl has been through what must be more than her fair share of hurt.
Still, her advice is solid.  And right now I need someone’s thoughts and opinions that are outside of my own.
Who am I outside of the girl that just wants to find her true love?



CHAPTER THIRTEEN

“You got it?” I ask Skyler as I help him balance the camera.
“Yeah, I know how to work a camera,” he says with a dramatic eye roll.  I back away, hands hovering close to the camera.  It’s not particularly expensive, but I won’t be able to replace it if he drops it.
“’K,” I say, turning and picking up the poster board that’s lying haphazardly on my couch.  I stand in front of the camera and hold the poster just under my face.
“Smile,” Skyler says.
I do, and he snaps the picture.
“Let me see,” I say, setting the poster down and reaching for the camera.  Instead of handing it over, he pushes the review button and brings up the picture he just took.
It’s clear and easy to read.
In big words, on the poster, I’ve written:
My name is Kaylee Ray.  I’m trying to find my birth father.  You met my mother, Karen Ray, at a Halloween party twenty-three years ago in Burlington, WA.  She was dressed as a bumblebee, she says you were dressed as a pirate.  Please share!
I chew on my lip as I read it over again.  I saw a picture online a few weeks back, of a woman looking for a girl she’d given up for adoption, with a similar sign.
It’s a huge long shot.  I don’t have a name.  I don’t know his hair color or where he lived, or anything at all.  With a one-night stand, whoever my birth father is, he probably didn’t even know my mom’s name.
But Sage was right.  I need something else.  I need to find out who I am without a man.  I need to stop making finding the perfect man my main goal in life.  I need to be okay with just being Kaylee Ray.  And finding who made up the other half of my genetic code seems like a good place to start.
“It’s like a real life mystery,” Skyler says as I turn the camera off and pull the memory card out.  We sit at the bar where my laptop waits.  I slide the card into the slot in the side of it and copy the image from the card into my files.
“Yeah,” I say.  “It kind of is.”
“Maybe your dad is someone famous,” he says excitedly.  He pushes his glasses up his nose.   They’re so dirty, I’m not sure how he can even see through them.  “And super rich.  Maybe he’s the king of some crazy country!”
“Maybe,” I say with a smile as I look at him.  He’s so hopeful and full of dreams.  It’s sweet and heartbreaking at the same time.  I want to go back to feeling that way.  But I don’t think that’s ever going to be possible again.
I pull up Facebook and start uploading the picture.  In my status I write: I am looking for my birth father, please share!
I gnaw on my lower lip, my finger hovering above Post.
“Are you scared?” Skyler asks insightfully.
“A little bit,” I admit.  “This is kind of a big deal.”
“That’s sort of sad you don’t know who your dad is,” he says.
“That’s why I’m doing this,” I say, clicking, and sending it out into the world.

It’s pretty much impossible to not sit glued to my computer all night.  Skyler and I watch as my picture gets ten shares before our pizza gets delivered.  By the time we’re done eating it there are twenty-six shares.  When Dick comes to pick him up, there are seventy-one shares.
Around eleven, I climb into bed with the laptop propped on my knees.  Its screen glows bright through the dark.  My eyes are tired and heavy.  I’ve got the beginnings of a headache, but I can’t seem to tear my eyes away.
One hundred thirty-eight shares.
It’s so many.  But it doesn’t feel like nearly enough.
At some point during the night I fall asleep.  When I wake, I have less than twenty minutes to get ready and get to school.
But I check the photo just as class is about to start.
Five hundred twelve shares.  And so many comments of support.
No one claiming to be my father, or to even know him, but lots of people wishing me luck.  So many people that I don’t even know.
It’s easy to view the world as an evil place when you watch the news.  There’s shootings, and violence and death and people just generally doing evil things.  It’s easy to forget that there are still good people out there.
I know hardly any of the people who have shared my picture, but they’re helping me find my birth father.
When school starts that day, we start talking about Germany in freshman World History.  In Historical Lit we read a few of the Grimm fairy tales and I assign them to write a two page paper on one of the characters, going over their strengths and weaknesses.
The bell rings and students file out.
I pull out my planning folder and marvel at how I’ve already almost made it through my first two months of teaching.
“Miss Ray?” a small voice asks.
I look up and find a young girl standing a few feet from my desk.  She’s the only freshman in the class.  This is generally only a junior’s class, since lower levels of English are required before enrollment.  Only very motivated freshman and sophomores are allowed.
“Hey, Hannah,” I say with a smile as I set aside my binder.  “Can I help you with something?”
She chews on her lip for a moment and I can see indecision on her face.
“It’s okay,” I encourage her.  “What did you want to talk about?”
Finally, she sinks into a desk on the front row, closest to me.
“Is it true that you and Mr. McCain broke up?” she asks.
Everything in me sags with her question.  It’s a constant struggle to keep myself upright, to keep myself moving forward, to put on that smile and to act like a normal human being.  It’s been just over three weeks now since my romantic life ended, but it’s only gotten fractionally easier to deal with.
So when anyone even mentions his name, it feels like a bag of bricks is laid over my shoulders.
“Yeah,” I say after what is probably too long of a delay to seem like I’m okay.  “Yeah, we did.”
She shakes her head again, her eyes sad and serious behind her glasses.  “Why?” she asks.  “You two being together was like, the most romantic thing I’d ever heard of.  You both teach history, he’s still all boyish faced, you’re the cutest little woman who ever existed.  And the way you two looked at each other…”  Her voice has turned wistful and dreamy.
I try to give her a little smile, but it doesn’t quite work.  “We didn’t quite get the fairy tale ending I wanted,” I admit.  “Sometimes real life gets in the way.”
“What happened?” she asks.  From the tone of her voice I can tell she’s not trying to be prying, she just wants to know what could tear apart something so right.
“It’s personal,” I say out of respect for Drake’s privacy.  “But it wasn’t anything he did intentionally to hurt me.  This isn’t a case of the guy being a jerk.  He did the right thing.”
Hannah shakes her head and her expression is sad.  “It’s too bad.  You two were kind of my inspiration.”
“What do you mean?” I ask her, tilting my head to the side a little.
She sighs and leans back in the desk, folding her arms over her chest.  “So there’s this boy,” she starts, as I suspected she would.  “He’s basically made to be my other half.  I’m a painter, he’s a genius with charcoals.  We’re in advanced art together.  He makes me laugh and I make him laugh.  We’re both considered nerds and weirdo’s at this school.”
“But he doesn’t see you that way,” I guess.  Just talking about this makes my heart ache for her.  I remember so well what it was like to feel this way.  Ricky James was the love of my life sophomore year, but he was so out of my league, and never talked to me outside of biology.
“Exactly!” she says, exasperated, throwing her arms up in the air dramatically.  The tardy bell rings and her eyes grow wide and panicked.
“Don’t worry,” I say, holding a hand up to her.  “I’ll write you a slip.”
“Thanks,” she says appreciatively.  “As I was saying, he doesn’t see me as anything other than the girl from art class.  And the drill team formal is on Saturday, and I really want to go with him.”
A smile pulls on my face, the first real one I think I’ve smiled in a while.  Even though Hannah is a freshman in high school and only fifteen years old, this is nice.  To feel like someone needs me for being a woman.  “Sometimes men just don’t get it.  They’re full of hormones, but they don’t know how to direct them.  Is he with anyone else?”
Hannah shakes her head.  “Thank the man upstairs, no.”
“I think you should just be direct.  Focus that scattered teenage boy-ness.  Ask him out.”
“Just like that?” she asks, her eyebrows drawn together like I’m talking crazy.
“Sweetie,” I say, folding my arms on my desk and leaning forward.  “If he can’t see a great girl like you when you show him you’re there, then he doesn’t deserve for you to think about him for one more second.”
“So, make him see me, or stop thinking about him?” she asks.  She looks a bit scared, but I can see enlightenment brightening in her eyes.
“No sense hurting any longer than you have to,” I say, trying to convince myself of my words as well.
Hannah is quiet for a minute.  She’s struggling with logical wisdom and her heart.  That’s never an easy thing.
Finally, she nods and a forced smile comes upon her face.  “You’re right.  I’m going to ask him.  Art is our last class of the day.  I’ll talk to him after school.”
“Go get ‘em girl,” I encourage as she stands.  I write her up a tardy excuse slip and hand it over.  She starts for the door.
“Thanks,” she says, pausing with her hand on the knob.  “I really appreciate you talking to me about this.  It’s just not easy to talk to your own mom about stuff like this, you know?”
“I do,” I say with a nod.
“Hang in there, Miss Ray,” she adds.  “You’ll find your ever after.”
Hannah opens the door and walks out into the hall.  

During lunch, I check the shares on my picture.  It’s up to one thousand twenty-two.  Lots more comments that take me most of the lunch break to scroll through.  But no one claiming to be my father.
After last period, I hurry and gather my things and make a dash for the art room.  Most everyone has cleared out by now, but through the hazy glass window next to the door, I see Hannah talking to a boy with dark shaggy hair, skater shoes, black pants, and a vest covering some print shirt.
Hannah talks quickly and excitedly, using her hands a lot to suggest just how nervous she is.  I can imagine how scary this must be.  Laying it all out on the line.
I’m a hypocrite, telling her to put herself out there and to give it a chance, when not a few days ago, I told Armando that I’m done looking for love.  And I meant it.
But I’m glad I told her what I did when the boy smiles brightly and I can tell his lips form the word yes.  Hannah’s smile ramps up to blinding and they both stand there awkwardly for a minute while they talk, like they’re not sure what to do with their bodies.
I turn, about to leave, satisfied that I’ve done some good, when I nearly run into someone.
“Mr. Scott,” I say, stumbling back a step.  I chuckle when he reaches out and grabs my arms to keep me from falling over.  He laughs awkwardly too and lets go.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to sneak up on you,” he says, placing his hands on his hips.  Everything about his body language suggests he’s feeling uncomfortable right now.  “I tried calling your name, but I guess you didn’t hear me.”
“Sorry,” I mimic him.  “Helping play matchmaker apparently dulls my other senses.”
Duncan looks through the window when I point at it.  A smile curls on one side of his mouth and he gives a little nod of his head.  “Nice.  For the dance this weekend?”
“Yep,” I confirm.  I incline my head toward the parking lot and he starts walking with me.
“That’s actually kind of why I was looking for you,” he says, once again returning to being awkward.  “The dance committee that I’m helping with is scrambling for chaperones.”
A rock instantly forms in my stomach and my blood starts declining in temperature when I can see where this is going.  I know Duncan is single, but my eyes dart to the ring finger of his left hand all the same.  Yep, still ring-less.
“I was wondering if maybe you’d help me out in keeping an eye on the kids?  I could come pick you up if you want?”
And there it is.  It’s not exactly a date.  But he had to throw in the pick me up part.
We’ve stopped walking half way down the hall and we look at each other for a moment that I’m not sure how long it lasts for.
“I…” I try to form coherent thoughts.  The thought of any man ever asking me out again has never once crossed my mind since the moment I met Drake.  This has pulled the rug out from under my feet, swift and hard.
But I remember the advice I just gave Hannah.  About putting yourself out there.  And here I am, in the opposite position, with Duncan nervously asking me out.
“I’m sorry,” I say.  “I’ll help with the dance.  But I can’t…  You know.  I’m kind of wrecked.  I think for forever.”
I gave no consideration to where we were when we stopped in the hall.
So my stomach drops out when the door behind us opens and out walks Drake from his classroom.
The moment freezes and all I can see is Drake’s face.  His eyes grow wide, his mouth slightly open, that expression of being in trouble and surprised on his face.  The Drake face that is so adorable and funny at the same time, but not in the last bit funny in this moment.
His eyes dart from me, to Duncan, and back to me.  
And then time speeds up and that look goes away.  Drake stuffs one hand in his pocket, his other adjusting his grip on his briefcase.  
“Mr. Scott, Miss Ray,” he says, with a little nod of his head.  He gives us a little lopsided smile that has pain and sadness saturating every cell of his lips.  And then he walks away.
“Like I said,” I breathe as I watch him go.  “For forever.”



CHAPTER FOURTEEN

I don’t have the money to buy a dress for the dance Saturday.  In the end, I go with a bridesmaid dress I wore at a friend’s wedding two years ago.  It’s light blue.  It has a sweetheart neckline that makes my boobs look bigger than they are.  A satin tie wraps around my waist and the skirt flows soft and long to the floor.  They had to hem five inches out of it so I didn’t step on it.  I put on a pair of white pumps and I’m almost normal height.
This dance is nothing like the girl’s choice dances at my high school.  Those we dressed extremely casual, if we even wore dresses.  But this?  This is as dressed up as any prom.  Gowns, tuxedos, the whole nine silky, glittery yards.
But the rest of it is exactly what I expect.  Students grinding up on each other, loud music, bad decorations.  Refreshments that Principal Riker guards personally.  I keep checking the woman’s bathroom to be sure no one is doing unspeakable things in it.  Duncan checks the men’s.
And I keep catching him looking at me.  It’s not all the time.  And he’s not being gross about it.  
I feel horrible.  He’s sweet, and timid, and shy, and had I not been wrecked by finding perfection two months ago, he might have had a shot at catching my attention.
But I can only smile sadly whenever I catch him looking.
I try very hard not to look at him too often though.  It just makes my insides hurt.
Instead, I look for Hannah and find her and the art boy toward the back of the gym.  She looks adorable in a light blue dress that has sparkles that fade as they stretch toward the floor.  Not that it stretches far.  It ends a good four inches from her knees.  Contrasting with her very girly dress, she wears black fishnets and black army boots.  She’s done her hair in pigtails and curled the ends.  I’m proud of her for being herself and not dressing like every other girl here.
Art boy wears slacks and Chucks, and a black shirt and a tie that has some kind of writing on it that I can’t read from this far away.
They hold each other close for the first twenty minutes of the dance.  And then I spot him leaning in, and he kisses her.
I realize then why dating is so scary.  Because in the end, you basically either end up breaking up, or married.  No wonder relationships are so terrifying.
As the end time of eleven o’clock grows closer and closer, more and more students filter out of the gym.  I know I’m getting old and uncool when I’m a little nervous thinking what other activities they might be leaving to do.  They’ll find other happenings, like drugs, or alcohol, or sex.  Not all of them are like that, but plenty of them.
I wouldn’t be here if kids their age didn’t do those kinds of things.  I am a result of a hook up.  And now I’m a woman looking for some guy who dressed up as a pirate at some party.
I cringe thinking of the fact that I was conceived twenty-four years ago the day before yesterday.  Gross.
We get the dance cleaned up quickly and I start walking for the doors, tired and ready for bed when I feel a soft hand on my arm.  I turn to see Duncan behind me.
“Thanks for helping tonight,” he says quietly.  He looks un-confident, his shoulders pulled tight to his body, his head not quite held high.  He looks really nice in his suit.  
“You’re welcome,” I say, putting on the best smile I can.  “I was happy to help out.”
“Hey,” he says when I turn to go.  “I just wanted to say that I get it.  I know you and Drake had something special and things ended.  I know what that’s like.  It took me a long time to get over my ex.  But it’ll get better.  Eventually.”
“Thanks,” I say, surprised how much I mean it.  “It’s…it’s hard.  But it is getting a little easier.  Just a little.”
He gives me half a smile and a little nod.  “You’ll get there.  Have a good night, Miss Ray.”
“Night,” I say quietly and turn.
As I drive home that night, I feel something I haven’t felt in a while.  A small sense of peace.  Like maybe, just maybe, I’ll survive this.
I pull into an open parking spot around the corner from the front doors of my apartment building and carefully climb out so I don’t step on my dress.  I walk along the side of the building and suddenly hear sirens.  When I round the corner, I see a crowd of people gathered.
“What’s going on?” I say to no one in particular.  The sirens grow louder and louder.  Suddenly I catch the scent of smoke when the breeze shifts into my direction.
“Mrs. Batty Grandma started a fire on her stove in 1C,” a young Hispanic woman says, irritation overflowing in her voice.  “It spread to the curtains pretty quick and now she’s smoked out the entire building.”
“Is she okay?” I ask, looking toward the mentioned apartment.  I see a few small flames lick through the windows.  My eyes shift up a floor and over two units.  My apartment.
“She’s sobbing over there,” the woman says with a shake of her head.
Sure enough, there she is, crying into some man’s chest who looks very uncomfortable about serving as her human tissue.
The sound of the sirens from the fire truck are deafening when they pull to the curb.  A herd of firemen pile out of the truck and assess the building before rushing in.  Water sprays against the windows as they put it out.
Not two minutes later a news van rolls up.
In all, it takes them less than five minutes to get the fire out.  And people start getting interviewed.  I shuffle back and away from the cameras.
We all wait on the curb as they check the rest of the building.  Half an hour later, someone who looks to be in charge comes out.
“The unit the fire started in is going to need some extensive repairs but the fire hasn’t caused any structural damage.  We’ll talk to your building manager about the fact that the building’s sprinklers didn’t turn on.  The entire building is smoked out.  We’ll get the windows open, but you all are going to have to find somewhere else to stay tonight.”
A collective groan jumps into the air.
The firefighters talk to people a while longer, but now everyone is on their phones, calling for a place to crash tonight.
I grab my own phone from my purse and am mentally thinking of who to call.
Dick and Skyler were going on a scout camping trip this weekend.  They’ll have the house locked up and I don’t have a key.  Mom’s place will be locked up too while she’s on her business trip.
I dial Armando and hold the phone to my ear.  It rings five times and goes to his voicemail.
“Crap,” I mutter as I hang up.  He’s probably with Anthony.  They’ve gotten really serious lately.  They spend pretty much every waking moment with each other.
“Kaylee!” 
My heart drops into my stomach and the world grows very quiet as I turn.
Drake darts out of his car, his face utterly terrified looking.  He runs right up to me, his hands grabbing my arms as he looks me over.
“You okay?” he asks, out of breath and high pitched.  “I saw on the news there was a fire and I could see the smoke from my place.”
“Yeah,” I breathe, still not sure if he’s actually here or if I’m having a really bad dream about my apartment catching fire and him coming to rescue me.  “It started before I got back from the dance.  They’ve got it out now.”
“Oh,” he says, his hands dropping away from me.  He shoves them in his pockets and his eyes drop to the ground.  His adrenaline reaction of coming to find me seems to be wearing off.  “’K, I’m glad.  I kind of freaked for a second.”
We stand there awkwardly for a moment, neither of us knowing what to say.
“So,” he says after a while.  “Can you go back into the building yet?”
I wrap my arms around myself, suddenly freezing.  It’s the beginning of November, and thinking I’d only have to go from warm building to car, I didn’t bring a jacket.  “No,” I say, rubbing my hands over my bare arms.  “It’s too smoky in there.  They said probably tomorrow.”
“Do you have a place to stay?” he asks.  
I’m not sure what that is there in his eyes and I can’t bear to analyze it.
“Dick and Mom are both out of town,” I say.  Drake strips his jacket off and wraps it around my shoulders.  I give him an appreciative smile and tug it closer to me.  I nearly cry though when I’m enveloped in his scent.  “Um…Armando’s out with his boyfriend, I think.  He’s not answering.”
“Want me to give you a ride to the hotel down the street?” Drake offers.  He’s stuffed his hands in his pockets again, holding his arms stiff and tight to his body against the cold.
I shake my head and try to ignore the sting at the back of my eyes.  “I don’t have the money.”
“Right,” he says with a little bit of a breathy laugh.  “Teachers don’t have money for that kind of thing.”
I try to laugh back, but it comes out harsh and awkward sounding.  “I’ve been poor all my life, but I’ve never quite been homeless.”
Drake looks at me a long moment and I wish I knew what he was thinking.
Does it hurt for him to breathe too whenever he’s around me?  Does he feel a little part of himself die every time I meet his eyes?  
“You can stay at my place,” he says quietly.  Almost too quiet.  I barely hear him over the noise from the people that surround me.  “I can sleep on the couch.”
The sting behind my eyes grows worse and I give the smallest shake of my head.  “I think that’s a really bad idea, Drake.”
Just saying his name is like a knife in the heart.
He’s quiet for a moment and he stares at me.  His eyes redden just slightly.  I’m sure he can see in my own how hard this is.
“I know,” he says, his voice a hoarse whisper.  “But where else are you going to sleep tonight?”
“The back seat of my car is pretty comfy,” I try to joke.
But Drake doesn’t smile.  “A car is no place for a princess to sleep.”
“And a couch is no place for a prince,” I say without thinking.
“I’m no prince,” he says as his eyes drop away from mine.
“And I’m not a princess.”  And this isn’t a fairy tale, I think to myself.
“Come on,” he says as he turns.  He doesn’t wait for me to follow as he heads for his rusted out car.  I hesitate for a moment.  Something feels different when he walks away.  Drake’s presence and something I can describe as nothing else other than him starts fading away instantly the further he gets.  And I am an addict who can’t resist it.
I follow him to his car.
The inside of the cab has grown chilly by the time we climb back inside.  Drake blasts the heat and pulls away from the curb.
Neither of us says a word as we drive the few blocks to his apartment.  He parks in the parking lot, walks around to my side of the car, and opens the door for me.  I climb out without looking at his face and we head for the doors.
When Drake and I were together, we were always out doing something.  Dinner, movies, hikes.  Something.  We didn’t spend a ton of time at either of our apartments unless I was making dinner.  I’ve only been to Drake’s apartment once.
This building is even older than mine and the stairs groan and creak as we walk up the three flights.  The halls are dimly lit and the wallpaper on the walls is peeling.  Drake pulls his keys from his pocket and unlocks a door.
I remember back to what feels like forever ago, Drake saying his place was only barely bigger than mine, and it is.  The wall his bed is pushed up against is all exposed brick.  A couch is pushed up against the foot of the bed.  It’s worn out and saggy.  A small kitchen and an even smaller dining table occupy one corner.  There’s a door leading to a bathroom.  It’s cluttered with books, and a skateboard, and clothes are strewn about random places.
But the thing that bothers me most is the pack of cigarettes sitting on the table.
“You smoke?” I ask, my voice accusatory sounding.
Drake closes the door and his eyes fall to the pack.
“Uh,” he stutters as he slips his hands back into his pockets.  “I used to.  Pretty much all through college.  I thought it helped me focus.  I kept telling myself I’d quit when I got my first teaching job.  So I did.”
“And you picked the habit back up?” I ask.  I have to admit to myself that I’m looking at him a bit differently now.  I’m a harsh judge of people who willfully put harmful things into their bodies.
He shakes his head and gnaws on his lower lip.  “It’s been tempting.  I went to this gas station when I first found out and everything fell apart.”  His voice is rough and shaky.  “I walked out and was going to light up.  But then I looked up and saw you drive by.  And I put it in my pocket, went home, and then set it there on the table.”
His eyes are pained and still a little red.  This, being this close to him, knowing how we both feel, it’s more than I can bear.
“The last four weeks have been hell,” he admits.  “I’ve grabbed that box and headed outside with a lighter more times than I can count.  But I keep turning around and putting it back there on the table.”
I give a little nod, feeling too exhausted for words.
Drake takes this as a cue and turns to the rest of the apartment.  I take a few more steps inside and watch as he pulls some sheets out and puts them on the couch and grabs an extra blanket and pillow.
He opens a drawer of his dresser and pulls a few things out.  He turns and extends them out to me.  “You can sleep in these.  They’ll drown you, but they should be comfortable.”
“Thanks,” I say with a sniff.  My nose always tries to run when I get emotional.  I take the clothes from him and head into the bathroom. 
The light is dim, but the space is clean and fairly organized.  I lock the door behind me and observe so much of Drake that surrounds me.  His shampoo in the shower.  His razor and shaving cream on the shelf.  His towel on the hook.  A blue toothbrush in its holder.
I brace my hands on the counter and stare at myself in the mirror.
This night here will break me.  I’ve been going through life the past four weeks as a broken mirror, with tape holding me together.  I splinter and grate as I move, but I’ve been moving.  I’ve been learning how to be a person existing like that.
Tonight may undo it all.
I pull the zipper and slip out of the dress.  The cold air hits my bare breasts and goosebumps flash over my exposed skin.  I kick off my heels and inspect what Drake gave me to wear.
There’s a pair of well-worn sweat pants and a The Frey t-shirt.  
I recall the second day we met, when we listened to music in the library.  We listened to that song Happiness.  It said that “happiness damn near destroys you,” and ain’t that the truth.
I pull on the shirt and it has to be too big for Drake as well because I am swimming in it.  It hangs clear down to my knees and the sleeves go to my elbows.
I scrub at my teeth with my finger and a bit of toothpaste.   I use his bathroom and then walk back out.
Drake looks at me.  Some men’s eyes might automatically drift down and sweep over my legs, or search for certain places on a woman who isn’t wearing a bra.  But Drake just stares into my eyes and there are a billion unspoken words that pass between us.
The moment passes slowly and irrevocably.  And the space between us renders me unbelievably lonely.  
The ping of rain on a metal roof sounds loud and quick.  A storm rolls in, the wind picking up and whistling through the windows.
Like all the most painful moments do, this one comes to an end when Drake walks past me and goes into the bathroom.  He locks the door and I faintly hear him swear.
He turned down the bed, an invitation to know I am welcome to sleep there.  I climb on in, noisy springs squeaking as I adjust positions to get comfortable.  
The sheets smell like Drake and that nearly undoes me.  How I keep it together and don’t melt down to that blubbery, numb mess I was just after we found out we could no longer be together, I have no idea.
Three minutes later, the door to the bathroom opens and Drake steps out and turns out the light.  I watch him as he crosses toward the door and flips the switch that turns off every light in the apartment.  A faint orange glow comes through the window from the streetlights below.
While in the bathroom he changed into a t-shirt and the sweatpants I decided to forgo.  His shoulders are stiff and tight as he walks back across the apartment toward the couch.  I hear him settle into it, tossing and turning to get comfortable.  And finally, he’s quiet.
 “Drake?” I say through the dark.
“Hm?” he responds.
“Thank you for giving me somewhere to stay tonight,” I say.
“Of course.”  
We’re quiet on the outside, but oh so loud in unspoken feelings.  My breathing picks up and keeps catching in my throat.  Electricity starts waking in my veins, fireworks begging to be lit.
I listen to the sound of the rain, the howl of the wind.  The storm raging outside matches the one going on inside of me.  Every fiber of my being knows I shouldn’t be here.  My presence here is only making things harder, more complicated.  I think of Diana and the baby and how in just about four weeks they’re going to find out if they’re having a boy or a girl.  It’s pathetic, but I’ve been keeping track of roughly how far along she is.
But being here ignites something in me again.  Knowing Drake is only inches away makes me feel warm for the first time in so long, like my blood and heart haven’t really been turned to the frigid tundra of Antarctica.  I don’t feel quite so dead anymore.
I can’t be here.
I shouldn’t be here.
Something bad will happen if I stay here.
I scramble from the bed, nearly tripping as I do.  I grab my things I set on the nightstand and start for the door as my eyes well and I feel as if I am going to suffocate.
“Hey,” Drake says and I hear him get up from the bed.  “Where are you going?”
“I shouldn’t be here,” I say as I stub my toe on something, trying to make my way through the extremely dim light.  The crack of thunder sounds outside.  A single tear makes its way past my lashes onto my cheek.
“Wait, stop,” he says as I finally make it to the door.  He crosses the space without trouble and grabs my wrist.  “Where are you going to go?”
“I don’t know,” I say as I shake my head.  My hand grips the doorknob with everything I’ve got.  “But I don’t belong here.”
Drake tugs on my wrist gently, pulling me away from the door.  His other hand rests lightly on my hip.  The distance between us closes and I feel my chilled form warm with the heat coming off of him.
“You always belonged here,” he says quietly.  His hand lets go of my wrist and comes up to my cheek.  His breath brushes across my face, warm and sweet.  My eyes slide closed and my heart betrays me by breaking into a soaring sprint.
“You always belonged here,” he breathes again as a bolt of lightning flashes across the night sky outside.  His words brush across my lips, he’s so close.  The hand on my hip slides around to my back and he pulls me closer.  My breath hitches slightly when my stomach touches his.
Drake brushes a thumb over my cheek, his other fingers tangling in my hair.  He touches his forehead to mine and two more tears push out onto my face.
I feel him breathing, fast and quick.  
“Drake,” I get out.  My voice is strangled and rough.  “This hurts so much.”
“I’d say you have no idea, but I think you know exactly how damn much this hurts.”  I barely feel his lips moving against mine as he speaks.  I’m sure I’ll melt from the heat and intensity between us.
I nod slightly.  
“I wish there’d been no one else before you, Kaylee Ray,” he says.  I can’t fight it when my arms wrap behind his neck.  “You’re the only one I want for there to ever have been.”
The knife in my heart gets a good twist and the fire deep down in me gets gasoline poured onto it.
“I love you, Kaylee,” he breathes into me.
I’m a horrible, horrible person.  Because I can’t fight it any longer.
I take his lips with vengeance.  My fingers knot in his hair.  His hands come to my hips and he hoists me up and my legs apart, pinning me to the wall as he presses into me.  He is hard and his want aggressive.  My lips part and his tongue invades my mouth.  A panicked and relieved sigh erupts from my chest and my center pushes into him quickly and franticly.  
One of Drake’s hands holds me up at the hip, the rest of me supported by his body.  His other hand comes to my cheek, sliding down to my neck, my collarbone, and on downward.
I push us away from the wall, pulling him with me to the couch.  I shove with as much force as I can and push him down on to it.  I straddle him and let my lips take his again.
There is something grand here.  Something heavy as the earth and as endless as the universe.  Something Ra and Zeus and all the other gods could never have dreamed up.  Drake and Kaylee were always meant to be the greatest love story ever told.  This was meant to shame all other loves before us.
“I love you,” I breathe against his lips.  He shifts his focus, sliding down to my neck and igniting a whole new kind of wonder in my body.  “I love you, Drake.”  
Tears slide down my cheeks.  Tears of loss, tears of hope, tears of love, and tears of uncertainty.
“I never want to let you go,” he pants into my skin.
But we both know, that come morning, when the sun comes up, this storm stops, and reality sinks in again, that he’s going to have to.



CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Drake and I have one blissful night together.  We lie wrapped around each other in his bed, legs tangled tight, my face buried in his neck, his cheek on the top of my head.  Our arms grip each other so hard surely there will be bruises.
We don’t have sex, no matter how bad we know each other wants to.  Sex is what got us into this ripped apart mess.  There will be no more mistakes, other than the fact that I am here when I know perfectly well that I am not supposed to be.
I wake in the morning to the scent of Drake.  He smells like sunshine and fun summer nights.  He smells like home and love.  I don’t open my eyes for a long time.  I just lie there, pretending this is the real world.  This is the way things are and always will be.
I hear Drake’s heartbeat, slow and steady.  His chest rises and falls, my head going up and down on it.  He’s dead asleep, most of his body perfectly relaxed.  But his arms hold tight around me, promising to hold me forever.
It’s pure instinct when there’s a noise from the next apartment down, and my eyes open. And the reality of what we did last night slaps me across the face.  There, on his nightstand, propped up against a book, is an ultrasound picture.
Ever, ever so careful, I slip out of Drake’s arms, somehow not waking him.  The morning has dawned a dull grey, left over from the storm that raged all night.  Drake’s apartment is dimly light and feels cold.
I grab my dress from the floor where I dropped it by the door and the jacket Drake lent me and go for the bathroom.
I’m a panicked mess.  I’m too scared to even pee, fearing the sound of the toilet flushing will wake Drake.
I just want to slip out and not have to face what we did.
I change back into my dress silently.  I fold his shirt and set it on the counter.  I slip back into his jacket because I know it’s going to be freezing outside and it’s going to be a long walk, even the few blocks it is to my apartment.  And I still probably won’t be able to get inside.  But my car is there.
The door to the bathroom squeaks just a little when I slowly open it.  I peek around the corner and look at Drake, still sleeping.
He looks concerned, sad, even in his sleep.  There’s a little line between his eyebrows.  His lips are turned down slightly.
I hate seeing him like this.  It’s not fair that even in sleep he can’t escape the pain of reality.
Something stings at the back of my eyes.  Something cracks and folds.  That tape I’ve been using to hold myself together the last month is getting tired and it’s sagging.  
I turn, and head for the door.  And I’m only two steps away from it when one of the wood floorboards gives a terrible creek.
I look back over my shoulder at the same time Drake jerks awake.
We’ve both got the same expression on our faces.  Surprised and caught.  It’s his normal Drake face.  But it’s the first time I’ve ever worn it.
“Are you leaving?” he asks, his voice slightly accusatory.
“I should go,” I say, my voice nearly a whisper.  My heart has jumped up into my throat.  “We, uh…it’s morning and…”
“You were just going to leave without saying anything?”  His voice is hurt sounding, edged with anger.
“What am I supposed to say, Drake?” I hiss, feeling the temperature of my blood rise.  “What is there to be said after a night like that?”
“I don’t know,” he says as he climbs out of the bed and takes a few steps toward me.  He crosses his arms over his chest.  “But pretty much anything would be better than just walking out without a word.”
“Drake, I don’t know what you want me to say,” I argue.  I wrap my arms around myself, an emotional defensive move.  “Last night was amazing but it was so, so wrong and you know it.  And it just—”
“Nothing about last night was wrong,” he defends, his jaw clenching.  “You know it, and I know it.  That…that was the way things are supposed to be.”
“But they aren’t!” I yell.  My hand not clutching my shoes jumps to my hair to fist in it.  “They aren’t Drake, and there’s no use pretending like you didn’t knock some other woman up and that you don’t have an obligation to her and that I don’t deserve to be anywhere near that picture.  I mean, what the hell were you thinking, coming to my apartment last night?”
The Drake look is suddenly back on his face.  He stands there silent and with his mouth hanging slightly open.  His hands shift down to rest on his hips.
“I don’t know,” he says quietly, his eyes falling to the floor.  “I wasn’t thinking much at all.  I just reacted.”
“You can’t save me, Drake,” I say quietly, all the anger seeping out of me, leaving me tired and heavy.  “And you need to realize that I’m not part of your story anymore.”
He gives a nod.  I see the muscles in his jaw tighten and relax several times.  His eyes don’t come back to mine, and for that I’m glad.
I turn back to the door, open it, and walk out.
I don’t remember walking down the hall or down the stairs, but suddenly I’m out in front of the building.  The day is grey and not very warm, but at least it isn’t raining.  I slip my pumps on and start walking down the sidewalk.
My phone dings with a text message.  I pull it out of my purse and see it’s from Armando.
Sorry, worked late last night and then Anthony came over.  You okay?
“Kaylee?”
I look up from my phone and search for the source of the voice.  A minivan has pulled over to the curb with the window rolled down.  I duck down just a touch to see who’s inside.
It’s Drake’s mom.
“Hi, Mrs. McCain,” I say, trying to force a smile onto my face.
“It’s good to see you, sweetheart,” she says, a genuine smile on her own face.  “You look beautiful, though I’m not sure why you’re walking around town dressed that way.”
“It’s a long story,” I try to explain.  “But the short of it was I came home from school last night and my building had gotten smoked out.”
Robin looks at me for a long moment and I can see conflict in her eyes.  I’m very obviously walking back from her son’s apartment.
“I’m glad Drake gave you someplace to stay,” she says.  “I know how much he’s missed you.”
That’s all it takes to make my eyes well and redden.
“Oh, sweetie,” she says as she shifts into park.  She reaches over to the passenger side and pushes the door open.  “Get in.  You look like you could use a good breakfast and an ear to listen.  And maybe even some words of advice.”
I bite my lower lip, hesitate for just a moment, and climb inside.
A little shiver works its way up my spine as she rolls the window up and blasts the heat for me.  My nose has, of course, started running and I give a little sniff as I wipe under my eyes.
“So, where we going for breakfast?” I ask when I don’t know what else to say.
“Nothing helps heal a broken heart quite like home cooking,” she says as she reaches over and gives my knee a little squeeze.
A laugh that sounds a little nasally and awkward bubbles up out of me.  “I couldn’t agree more,” I say when she hands me a tissue from a stash in the door of her minivan.  “Wish I’d had that growing up.”
Robin gives me a little smile and doesn’t say a word as we make our way to their home.
The house is quiet when we get there.  It’s not quite eight o’clock this Sunday morning.  I have little doubt that Lake and Kale are still sleeping.  We come in through the door to the garage and Robin tells me to hang the jacket I stole from Drake on the hook in the mud room.
Robert sits at the kitchen table, peering through a set of reading glasses perched on his nose and reading a newspaper.  He looks up at us when we walk through the door.
“Well, good morning, darling,” he says, looking at me and not his wife.  This makes me smile.  “Don’t you look pretty this morning?”
“How about I go look through some of Sage’s old things and see if there isn’t something you can change into?” Robin asks, placing a soft hand on my upper arm.
“I’d really appreciate that, thanks,” I say with a smile.
She shuffles off down the hall, leaving Robert and I alone.
“Why don’t you have a seat?” he says, pushing out a chair for me with his foot under the table.  I walk over and sink down into it.
“The team’s been playing hard this season,” I say before any awkward silence can take root.
Robert shakes his head and gives the smallest of eye rolls.  “I don’t know about that.  Bunch of hormonal boys more concerned about girls than the game that might get them full-ride scholarships.”
“Sounds like typical high school boys to me,” I say.
He gives a chuckle and nods his head.
“Try these on,” Robin suddenly says from behind me.  She hands over some clothing items.
“Thanks.”  I head for the bathroom she points toward.  I’m nearly there when Lake shuffles out of his bedroom.  His hair is sticking straight up on one side and his eyes are puffy and mostly closed with sleep.
“What are you doin’ here, Miss Ray?” he says, squinting at me.
“Um…” I say awkwardly.  
“Never mind,” he says as he shuffles past me toward the kitchen.  I smile just slightly as I watch him go.
I slip into the bathroom and change into the clothes Robin produced for me.  The jeans fit okay other than that I have to roll them three times so I don’t trip on them.  There is also a white undershirt, which I’m grateful for considering I still don’t have a bra, since one did not work under my dress.  There’s also a black t-shirt, which is quite long, but otherwise fits all right.
I walk back out and head for the kitchen.  Lake shuffles back toward me, a banana in hand.  He squints at me again.  “Now you’re wearing my sister’s clothes.  Are you moving in?”
“No,” I say with a chuckle.  “Go back to bed, Lake.”
He just gives an affirmative nod and walks back into his bedroom and closes the door.
I round the corner into the kitchen and find Robin working on breakfast.  She’s pouring pancake batter onto a skillet and on the stove behind her I can see eggs and bacon cooking as well.
“Can I help with anything?” I ask.
Robin shakes her head.  “Sometimes you just have to let someone take care of you, sweetie, and I can tell today is one of those days for you.”
“Well, thanks,” I say awkwardly as I sink onto one of the stools at the bar.  I prop my chin up on my hand, my elbow on the Formica counter.  “What were you out to do when you found me this morning anyway?”
“I was on my way to Drake’s,” she says, glancing up from her cooking.  “I was going to invite him to dinner tonight.  And to check on him.”
“You do much of that lately?” I ask, already feeling uncomfortable, but curious none the less.
Robin looks at me a long moment.  There’s been conflict on her face since the first moment she saw me this morning.  She has no reason to dislike me, but she is also Drake’s mother.  Mothers protect their sons.  They also generally take their sides.  Even if, in reality, there aren’t any real sides to this situation.
“I think I’ve gotten to know enough about you to see this situation has wrecked the both of you,” she finally says as she flips two pancakes.  “Drake’s been a bit of a mess.”
“Really?” I ask.  It slips out before I can stop it.
“I don’t think you’re surprised to hear that,” she says, giving me a serious look.  “My son loves you more than he’s ever loved anything in his life.  He’s managing to take care of his responsibilities, but he’s a useless lump outside of those times.”
“Wouldn’t even get out of bed that first weekend,” Robert pipes up.  I look over my shoulder at him.  He’s folded his newspaper up and climbs out of his chair to sit by me at the bar.  “I practically had to drag him by his shirt collar out of his apartment and to our house for Sunday dinner.”
I chew on my lower lip, my stomach feeling knotted.  This isn’t easy.  But somehow it makes me feel better than I expected, sitting here, hearing the outside observation of his parents.
“How’s he handling the whole Diana situation?” I ask.  “That’s not something we can exactly talk about.”
“I’m sure it isn’t,” Robin says as she sets a plate with two pancakes in front of me.  I’m not hungry at all, but she’s being so nice.  So motherly.  “Drake…he’s trying.  He wants to do the right thing with the baby and give it the best home he can.  He’s been trying to give things with Diana a second chance.  It wasn’t like they broke up for some horrendous reason.  Things just weren’t going anywhere.  So he’s been trying.”
The knife that’s been in my heart the past four weeks gets shoved in a little deeper.
“But you can’t force something that isn’t there,” she adds, just as she gives me a plate with a pile of scrambled eggs and three slices of bacon.  “But he’s doing what he should.  He’s been to two doctors’ appointments with Diana.  They’re going to do another ultrasound in a few weeks to find out the gender of the baby.  I think he is excited for that.”
I try to smile, but it just hurts.  “I bet it’s a girl,” I say.  
Robin smiles too.  “I think he’d be adorable with a flock of little girls.”
“Hey,” Robert says defensively.  “I need some grandsons.  Maybe I’ll live long enough to coach two generations of McCain players.”
“You will,” Robin says, giving him a stern scowl.  “Which is why you only get this for breakfast.”
She pushes a bowl of fruit in his direction.
“You’re a mean, mean woman,” he teases as he stabs a fork into a piece of pineapple.
“A mean woman who wants you around for a long, long time,” she says as she leans over the bar and presses a kiss to his nose.
They’re adorable and everything I ever wanted growing up.
I silently wonder if I’ve gotten any leads on my picture post yet.
“How are you handling everything?” Robin says as the sweet moment fades away.  She scoops more pancakes onto a plate.  “I can’t imagine this has been easy.”
I shake my head and swallow a bite of eggs.  “It hasn’t.  It’s been really, really hard.  But I’m proud of him.  If that makes any sense.  He’s doing the right thing.  He’s a good man.”
Robin gives me a sad little smile.  “He is.  Always has been,” she adds.  “When he was a kid, back in elementary school there was this little boy that was getting picked on.  Drake wasn’t very big, never has been, but that didn’t stop him from telling the bully off.  He came home with a black eye that night and was so angry about that boy.”
“Oh no,” I say with a little laugh.  
Robin nods and chuckles too.  “He kept at it.  He couldn’t stand to see anyone picked on.  He got beat up a few more times, but he got it to stop eventually.”
“He’s always been a good kid,” Robert says around a mouthful of strawberry.  “Never gave us much of any trouble.  Until I caught him with a pack of cigarettes his senior year.”
“He told me how he smoked all through college,” I say with a small wrinkle of my nose.  
“I guess no one’s perfect,” Robert says.  “Could have killed him for doing that to himself though.  Hope he doesn’t get lung cancer someday ‘cause of it.”
That brings a rock to my stomach.  
“You better have saved some of that for me.”
We all turn to see a sleepy looking Kale in the doorway of the kitchen.  He lurks there with his dark hair wild, standing in every direction.  And wearing nothing but a pair of boxer briefs.
Everyone chuckles.  
“I need bacon.  Now,” he says as he half zombie walks into the kitchen.  “And OJ.”
Robin reaches into the fridge and pulls out a jug of orange juice and hands it over to him.  He unscrews the cap and starts chugging it down.
“Don’t worry,” Robin says with a shake of her head.  “That jug is just for him.  I’ve got another for the rest of us.”
“I thought you and my brother broke up,” Kale says after a long pull.
“Kaylee needed somewhere to spend the night,” Robin pipes up, looking over at me.  “Her apartment got smoked out so we’re giving her a place to spend the night till she can go home.  Isn’t that right, Kaylee?”
“Uh…” I stutter, trying to form words.
“Don’t worry about Drake,” Robin says.  “Sage can’t come up this afternoon anyway.  I’ll tell Drake we’ll have dinner next week.  You two don’t have to see each other.”
“Awkward,” Kale says as he shoves three slices of bacon into his mouth at the same time.
We all chuckle.  
“Thank you,” I say.  “I really appreciate it.”



CHAPTER SIXTEEN

“So?  How’d the dance go?” 
Hannah practically bounces when the bell rings at the end of second period.  A ridiculous smile spreads on her face and she sinks into the front desk as everyone clears out.
“It was perfection,” she says with a long sigh.  “We danced and he kissed me and then when he took me home, he kissed me again.  And then yesterday he asked if I wanted to be his actual girlfriend and everything’s just…”  She trails off into a long, contented sigh.
“I’m happy for you,” I say, managing a small smile.  “It looked like you were having a good time.”
“Indeed,” she says, standing from her desk.  She crosses over to me and wraps me in a tight hug.  “Thanks.  None of it would have happened if it weren’t for you.”
“Glad I could do some good,” I say.
And Hannah floats out of my classroom on cloud nine.
I sit down at my desk and open my laptop.  I check my email and respond to a few questions from students about assignments.  I then check my personal email.
There’s an email from one Principal Phillips, from a high school down in Olympia.  As I scroll through it, my heart starts beating faster and my palms start sweating.
This is a private school.  A very expensive one.  One that takes trips to the places they study, one that has parents with the money to fly these students and their teachers on personal jets.  And they’re looking for a new history teacher.  
They want me to come interview for the job.
I lean back in my seat and stare at the screen.  I press a fist into my mouth and swivel back and forth slightly.
They’ve said nothing about pay, but I have to assume it’s better than what I’m getting right now.  And a private school like this is a teacher’s dream.  
But most appealing of all, is the possible promise of a new start.  A chance to begin fresh, to wipe the slate clean.  To get away from Drake, to get away from the drama of my mother.  To go somewhere where people don’t know I got dumped by another teacher at the school.
I don’t know what to say, so I decide to wait another day to reply to the email.
I need you tonight, I text Armando.  Think Anthony will let me steal you for the evening?
He responds two minutes later.  Told lover my bestie needs me tonight.  I’m all yours!
See you at seven!

Armando knocks on the door at exactly seven and I open the door and immediately grab his wrist and start pulling him down the hall with me.
“Walk with me,” I say before he can ask for an explanation.  “I need to move and think today.”
“It’s like, forty degrees outside,” he complains as we walk down the stairs.  The building still smells slightly of smoke, but nothing too horrible.
“You’ve got a coat and a scarf,” I say as we step out into the cool fall air.  The weather report is not any better.  There’s a chance of snow by the end of the week.  I hope it holds off for a few days at least.  Mom is supposed to fly in on Saturday and Seattle does not handle snow well.
“So, what is so important it requires a walk in the freezing cold?” Armando asks, only slightly annoyed sounding.
We set off north, so we’ll stay well away from Drake’s apartment.  There’s a park a few blocks from here that I have in mind.
“You know how awful things have been the past few weeks,” I say.  Armando puts an arm around my shoulders and I wrap my right one around his waist.  “Well, today I got this email from a private school down in Olympia asking me to interview for a position.”
“Private school?” he asks.  A gust picks up, threatening to tear away both our scarves.  We hug each other tighter.  “That’s pretty exciting, right?”
“Absolutely,” I say.  “I did some research on them.  They have money.  And I mean serious money.  They’re the second best ranked private school in the state.  They don’t normally hire brand new teachers like me.  So this is pretty golden that they’ve asked me to come in.”
“And it’s in Olympia?” he asks, his voice excited.  Armando lives just ten minutes outside the capital city.  There’d be no more driving long distances between us.
“Yeah,” I say.  I’m trying to sound and be excited.  But all I have is a black hole of dread or despair in my stomach.
“And it would give you some distance from a certain heartbreak,” he says with logic and wisdom.
I look forward, our breath creating a constant cloud around us.  My nose feels frozen and my toes are starting to get cold as well.  I nod.  “The position starts with the new semester.  I guess their previous teacher has some family issues going on and needs to retire early to deal with it all.”
“So you’d be going in what?  Two months?”
I nod.  
Armando comes to a stop when we reach the edge of the park.  I take two more steps before my head comes to the present and realize he is no longer by my side.  He reaches out and takes my hands in his.  I look into his brown eyes, feeling all the support that has been between us these past eight years we’ve known each other.  He’ll know what is best for me.
Because I have no idea.
“I would love having you so close by,” he says, and I can tell he knows he isn’t necessarily telling me what I want to hear.  He knows why this is so difficult.  “I think you’re at the point where you’re ready to discover who you are, as a real deal grown up and person, Ray of Kaylee.  You have some healing to do and as hard as I know this would be for you, I think some distance might do you some good.”
I don’t say anything for a while, just stare at him and feel all the fragile pieces in me crackle and threaten to break.  “You think I should go for the interview?”
Armando nods.  A huge breath whooshes out of me and I relax forward into his arms and squeeze him tight.  “Thanks for always being there for me.”
“Except for that fire over the weekend,” he says as he presses a kiss to the top of my head.  “I’m sorry I was too preoccupied with Anthony.  You always come first, you know that, right?”
“Yeah,” I say, tears pricking at the back of my eyes.  “I do.”

Just as I walk through the door when I get home that night, my cell starts ringing.  It’s Dick’s house number.
“Hello,” I say, pinning my phone between my ear and my shoulder as I unlock my door.
“Have you checked the picture today?” Skyler’s excited voice comes through.  “There’s something there!”
“What?” I say and my grasp on my keys falters.  I hurriedly get it open and rush over to my computer.  “How do you know?”
“Dad’s been watching the picture online,” Skyler says.  He sounds excited and keyed up.
“Can I talk to him?” I ask as I log into my account.  It shows I have seventy-eight notifications between shares and comments.  I click to the comments and start reading through them.
“Hey, Kaylee,” Dick says.  “You on the computer?”
“Yeah,” I say distractedly as I continue reading through the comments.  Most of them say things like hope you find him, good luck, and God bless!
“Check the one that’s the fifth from the last,” he says.  I can almost hear the smile on his face.
I scroll right to the bottom and backtrack five.
And there the comment is.  I was at that party.  My friend was dressed as a pirate and disappeared with a pretty little bumblebee.  Message me.
“Oh my gosh,” I breathe.  “Dick, this guy was friends with my birth father.”
“Sounds like it,” he says with a little, happy chuckle.  “I think you should get off the phone now and talk to this guy.”
“Yeah,” I say with a laugh.  A genuine smile has broken onto my face.  It’s huge and it feels so good.  But I’m also nervous.  “Yeah, I think I should.”
“Good luck, kiddo,” he says.
“Thanks, Dick,” I say and hang up.
I click on the name next to the comment: Donny Setter.  He looks like he’s about forty.  About the age my dad should be.  His profile picture is him with a woman and two teenage boys.  Their skin is as dark as Armando’s.  They’re all smiling and happy.
I click on the message section and set to typing with nervous fingers.
You commented on my picture that your friend might be my dad.  Can we talk?
I click send before I check to see where he lives.  But it doesn’t show in his profile.
It’s hard to be patient.  It might be days before he sees my message, some people never log into their accounts.  But when making a comment like that, one that could be so important to someone’s life, I would hope he’d be checking frequently.
I leave my laptop open on my bed as I start getting ready for bed.  I distractedly plan out my lessons for next week.  And keep looking up at the computer.
Finally, just before ten o’clock, a notification comes up.  A message.
Hi there.  Yeah, I think I might be able to give you some answers.  We should get together and talk.  Promise I’m not a creep.
I chuckle and set my fingers to the keyboard.  Where do you live?  I’m in Woodinville.
I’m in Seattle.  Maybe we could talk tomorrow evening?
Tell me where and when.



CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Just when you’re sure your life has come to a standstill and that you’ll never move forward from the worst times of your life, things suddenly speed up.
I would love to interview, I respond to the email from the private school.  I can come in any afternoon.
I click send during my lunch break and nervously wait for a response.  It comes less than five minutes later.  We set up an appointment for me to come down tomorrow afternoon.
My stomach keeps getting butterflies and then killing them with nervous acid that I swear will eat all of me up.  School gets out, I head home, and stare at the clock, waiting for it to be time to go.
As I walk to my car I wonder if maybe I should have had Armando come with me.  This Donny guy said he wasn’t a creep, but anyone can say anything online.  
But I’m Kaylee Ray, and I can’t help but see the best in people.  From our few words back and forth, it didn’t seem like he had any sinister motives.
It’s a fifteen minute drive to where we’re meeting in Seattle.  We’re on the outskirts, thankfully, so we’ll miss most of the chaotic roads and expensive parking.  I pull up to the curb and sit in my car for a few minutes since I arrived early.
No matter what happens today, if I learn my father’s identity or if this leads to nowhere, it doesn’t affect who I am as a person.  Like Armando, said, life has forced me to face harsh reality and to realize I am an adult in a real world.  If I find the other half of my genetic makeup, that’s great.  If not, I will move on.  And I’ll keep looking.
Finally, I climb out of my Mini and head inside.
I recognize Donny from his profile picture.  He sits inside on a bench, his hands clasped together between his knees.  He looks about as nervous as I feel.
“You must be Kaylee,” he says with a smile as he stands and holds his hand out to me.  “I’m Donny.”
“It’s nice to meet you,” I say.  Nerves are still vibrating through my veins, but they feel a bit more settled at seeing that Donny doesn’t look like a psychopathic killer.
“Table for two?” the host asks.  We both give a nod and she leads us into the restaurant.  The table toward the back is comfortable with dim, soft lights, and a quiet location.  Perfect for talking.
“So, why don’t you tell me about yourself?” I say as I open my menu.  Every cell of my vocal cords wants to ask the immediate question: what do you know?  But I’m scared.  Once he gives it to me, I have to hold it, no matter how heavy—or light—it may be.
“Uh,” he starts, opening his own menu.  “I grew up in Sedro Wolley.  Graduated high school there and then started at Seattle Community before transferring.  I’m a dentist now.  My wife is Shaundra, and we’ve got two boys.  One is a freshman, the other is a junior.”
I nod, giving a small smile.  Seems like a legit story.  And he is wearing a gold wedding band.
“How about you?” Donny asks.
“Graduated from La Connor,” I start, propping my chin up on my hand, elbow to the table.  “Went to college at Western.  I just finished my student teaching in the spring.  I’m a bit over two months into my first real deal teaching job.”
“Oh,” he says with a smile and a nod.  “You’re a high school teacher, I’m guessing.”
“Correct,” I laugh.  There’s something about Donny that is easy going and relaxed.  “I teach world and ancient history.  And one period of historical literature.”
Just then a waitress shows up to take our orders.  We rattle them off and she disappears once again.
“So,” he says after a few moments of awkward silence.  “About that picture you posted.”
“The reason we’re here,” I say uncomfortably.  My pulse picks up and maybe it’s my blood pressure or the stress or maybe I’m just going crazy, but suddenly all my senses seem dull and I feel like I’m in slow motion.
“I was a freshman at Seattle Com then,” Donny starts.  His fingers wrap around his water glass and he spins it slowly, leaving a ring of condensation on the table.  “Like I said, I grew up in Sedro Wolley, which isn’t far from Burlington, where that party was, as you know.  We heard about this big costume shindig that was going on, so we decided to go home for the weekend.  It was Halloween.”
I stare at Donny, who’s looking right at that water glass like it’s a movie screen and he can see history playing before him.
“I went as a rock star.  It was a lame costume but I didn’t have much to work with,” he chuckles.  “There were seven of us from our high school that went.  Like an impromptu reunion.  We went to the party and it was pretty awesome.”
He looks up at me finally and my heart jumps into my throat.
“Josh always had a way with the ladies,” he finally says.  The rock drops from my throat and I suddenly feel light.  Light enough to float away.  A name.  Josh.  “He spotted this pretty young girl at the party.  Dressed like a bumblebee, of all things.”  He smiles at the recollection.  
“My mom,” I say quietly.  “Her name is Karen.”
Donny nods.  “Josh the pirate spent the whole night talking to that bumblebee.  They laughed and danced.  And then after about an hour they disappeared.”
I know what the next part of the story is.  I know what horny teenagers do when they’re having fun and with a willing member of the opposite sex.
“He came back about an hour later and then the night was over,” Donny says, his voice quiet and slow.  He looks up at me.  “Josh wanted to call that girl from the party back, but he couldn’t find her number.  We had school to get back to and time eventually makes you forget things.”
“He never had any clue about me,” I say.  There’s no anger behind it, no malice or sadness.  It’s just a fact, one I’ve had my entire life to deal with.
Donny shakes his head.  “But there’s no doubt in my mind you’re his daughter.  Same blond hair.  Same cheeks, same eyes.”
This brings a smile to my face.  Something in my heart lifts.
“What’s his last name?” I ask.
And at this Donny’s expression falters.  “It was Anderson,” he says.  His eyes are heavy and he doesn’t look at me.  
“Was?” I ask, sounding breathy.
He nods.  “Josh died a few years back.  Six, if I recall right.  He was always a bit of a wild spirit and he loved his adventures.  He was out mountain climbing with some other friends and there was an accident.   He was killed instantly.”
I don’t say anything for a long while and it takes me a bit to realize that I should.  “Oh,” is all I manage.
“I’m sorry,” he says, his voice quiet.  “I know how disappointing this must be.”
My eyes fall to the table and I shrug my shoulders.  “I don’t know, I guess.  I mean, I haven’t really had any real expectations about this situation, you know?  I don’t know that I was really looking to form a relationship or anything.”
“That’s gotta be though,” he says.  He reaches across the table and places his hand over mine.  “Growing up without a father.  I can’t imagine my boys going throughout their lives without one.”
“I think I turned out okay enough,” I say with a little chuckle as I meet his eyes again.
“Yeah,” he replies with a smile.  “You seem like a good person.  I mean, you’ve got a career.  You seem healthy and put together.”
A small smile pulls at my lips.  I’m not really sure how I feel right now.  Not really put together, but not exactly a mess either.
“Josh would have loved to meet you,” Donny says.  “Like I said, he was a wild spirit and he loved to play, but if he’d known about you, he would have made a great father.”
“Yeah?” I ask.
“Yeah,” Donny says.  He rubs his thumb over my hand before pulling back.  “I’m sorry you never got to meet him.”
“Me too.”



CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

The campus and staff at the private school in Olympia blow me away.  Everything is beautiful and functional and incredible.  The staff is highly educated and so professional and so brilliant.  It makes me feel out of place; surely I’m far too young and too minimally educated to land this job.  But I’m still honored to even get the interview.
And the interview goes fantastic.  They mostly ask questions about my views on education, which I answer as honestly as possible.  If I were more qualified for this position I’m sure they’d actually be impressed with how I did.
I climb into my car when we’re done and smile to myself.  I find myself daydreaming again for the first time in a long, long while.  
Great new school.  Living just minutes away from my best friend.  Brand spanking new start.
The drive home, which seemed so long when I drove down, goes by quickly.  I park along the curb outside my apartment and head upstairs.
There is still the slight smell of smoke in my apartment.  I’ve spent every free moment washing everything possible.  My clothes, my bedding.  I’ve scrubbed my floors and counters and wiped down all my bookshelves and dressers.  It’s just going to take time for the smell to fade.
At least I’ll have that as an excuse if I have to break my contract and move down to Olympia.
My cell starts vibrating in my purse and I grab it and check the ID.  Mom.
“Hi,” I say.  I open my fridge to look for something to make for a late dinner.
“Hey sweetie,” she says.  There’s always that hesitance in her voice lately whenever I talk to her, like she’s waiting for me to attack her.  But I don’t really feel sorry about it, and that’s unusual for me.  “How are you doing?”
“Good,” I say, pulling out the tortillas, cheese and some leftover shredded chicken.  “You?”
“I’m okay,” she says.  “I’ll be getting in tomorrow night.”
“Where are you at now?” I ask.  I butter one side of the tortilla and set it into the pan I’ve heated up.  I sprinkle some cheese on it and layer the chicken on.
“Atlanta,” she replies.  “This is my last business trip.”
“What?” I ask, my brows furrowing as I cover it all up with another tortilla.  “What do you mean?”
“I’ve been thinking a lot about what you’ve said,” she replies, her voice hesitant again.  “About me getting too into my career because I’ve finally figured out how to be an adult.  I didn’t like what you said before, it made me pretty angry.  But you’re right.  I’ve checked out on Skyler and never even realized it until you pointed it out.”
“Okay,” I say because I’m not sure what else to say.
“I talked to the company and told them I need a position where I stay there in Washington,” she hurries on.  “They weren’t very happy about it.  But they agreed to let me stay in the offices full-time in Everett.”
A smile starts spreading on my face when I imagine how excited Skyler is going to be when he hears the news.  “That’s great, Mom.  I’m really proud of you for making this decision.”
“Thanks,” she says.  Her voice cracks just slightly and it’s pretty obvious she’s crying by this point.  “It was a scary decision, but I’m glad I made it.”
“You made the right choice.”  Something tightens in the back of my throat and it’s hard to swallow.  So I just flip my quesadilla instead.
“I want to take you and Skyler out for dinner tomorrow night,” she continues.  “I thought I could come pick you up first after I get in at the airport and then we could both go surprise Skyler with the news?”
“That sounds really great,” I tell her, a smile forming on my face.
“I’ll see you no later than six.”
“See you mom.  I love you, you know that, right?”
She pauses for a moment and I hear her sniff.  “I know sweetie.  I love you too.  See you tomorrow.”
____
We have a meeting the next day during lunch.  All the teachers are in the library and Principal Riker drones on and on about stuff.  Emergency drills, budget woes, parking lot issues, drug problems in the school.  
I’m sitting toward the back of everyone, honestly trying to stay awake and pay attention to what he’s saying.  But it’s so hard.  No wonder half of the students look at me with that glazed over expression.  Do I sound like this?
My eyes keep drifting to Drake though.  He’s seated in the row ahead of me, over two seats.  He’s close enough I keep catching little drifts of that smell of his.  That smells of home and summer and all things peaceful.
But he looks so beaten.  He looks sad and tired.  His shoulders slump.  There are bags under his eyes.  He blinks slow and heavy.
I pull my phone out and discreetly start typing.
Are you okay?
I faintly hear Drake’s phone vibrate.  His eyes drop to his pocket and he pulls it out.  I see him start to turn his head my direction, but he seems to think better of it.  His eyes drop to his phone and he starts typing.
A few seconds later my phone vibrates in my hands.
Not really sure what that word means any more.
The pain in my chest is sharp and leaves me breathless.  I close my eyes and shake my head.  Something pricks at the back of my eyes.
I shouldn’t have ever texted.  What good was it going to do?  The best way to work through this situation was to just keep our distance and hope that time would heal all wounds.  Because every time we come in contact, the scabs rip back open.
When I open my eyes, I see Drake looking at me.
I love this man.  I love him with everything I’ve got.  
If I get offered that job down in Olympia I should take it without looking back.
But that’s the problem.  I keep looking back.  And I will always look back and it will kill me to cut off that ability if I move away.
I always knew I would never take that job.  
Because of a man.
Because of a prince.
Because even though I am not a princess, maybe I still want to be.  
Even though I know I never will be now.



CHAPTER NINETEEN

Saturday is so normal I almost feel as if I have a life again.  A half-empty one, but a life.  I go for a morning run.  I clean my apartment.  Armando and Anthony come over and I make them lunch.  We laugh and joke and I sometimes manage a real smile.  They’re so adorable together.  Holding hands when they think I’m not looking, stealing little looks at each other.
When you’re miserable, it’s really hard to be around people who are happy.
I shower and get ready for dinner with Mom and Skyler at five.  I dry my hair and curl it into soft waves.  I pull on a pair of jeans, don a white long-sleeved tee, and wrap a dark blue scarf around my neck.
I’ve been thinking about telling Mom that I learned who my father was.  Normally, this would seem like important information to share.  Hey, mom.  Remember that guy who knocked you up?  His name was Josh Anderson.
But I’ve decided to keep it to myself.  Mom made peace with her decision a long time ago.  She doesn’t bring him up and I may as well have been a miraculous pregnancy for all she seems to have thought about him.
His identity won’t mean anything to her.  Even if it meant finding peace for me.
I decide to wait for Mom at the curb and head downstairs.  I hadn’t realized it had dropped temperatures so much.  It’s well below freezing out here, unseasonably cold.  And it rained earlier today.
For a second I’m tempted to text mom and tell her to drive careful, but what good will that do if she checks it while she’s driving?
Six o’clock rolls by.  Then it’s ten after.  At six-fifteen, I step inside the doors to the building because I’m absolutely freezing.  I dial Mom’s cell phone, but it goes straight to her voicemail.  At six twenty-five, I call Dick.
“Hey, has Karen shown up to pick Skyler up?” I ask when he answers.
“Haven’t seen her yet.  Thought she was going to get here about five minutes ago,” he responds.  He sounds slightly irritated.  This is classic Mom.  Always showing up late.
“Would you let me know if she does show up?  Maybe she decided to grab Skyler first.”
“I’ll text you if she gets here,” he says.
“Thanks.”
Over the next twenty minutes, I try calling Mom four times and get her voicemail every time.
Finally at seven, I give up and walk back upstairs.
She’s trying, I tell myself as my blood starts to boil.  She’s trying to make a positive change and make an effort.  She’s going to start being there for Skyler.  
But where is she?
I flop down on my couch and grab the remote to my ancient TV.  I start clicking through channels, looking for something to zone out to.
I settle for some documentary on the ancient Egyptians.  It’s nothing new to me, but it keeps my brain from focusing on other unpleasant things.  
Forgiving someone is really hard when they just keep screwing up.
____

I jerk upright, my neck protesting at the awkward angle it’s been resting at.  Something vibrates loudly and my eyes search through the dark for it.  The TV glows softly and there, lying on the coffee table, I find my phone.
I fully expect it to be my mom, calling to apologize for not showing up, but I don’t recognize the number.
“Hello?” I say, glancing at the time on my phone.  It’s just after ten o’clock.
“Kaylee?  I’m so glad you answered,” someone on the other end says hurriedly.  “It’s Robin McCain.  Something awful has happened.  There was this accident and we’re at the hospital.  Drake is going ballistic and none of us know what to do.”
“What?!” I gasp, searching my apartment for my purse and keys.  “Is he okay?  How bad is he hurt?”
“It’s not Drake,” Robin says with a sob.  “But he needs you right now.  He won’t listen to any of us.  Lake is on his way to your apartment to pick you up.  He should be there any minute.  Can you meet him outside?”
“I’m headed out now,” I say.  I pull on a coat and run down the stairs.
Just as I walk out the front doors I see Robin’s minivan screech to a halt in front of me.  It literally slides across the road and bumps harshly against the curb.  The roads still have a layer of ice on them.  
Lake meets my eyes through the windshield with panic in his own.  I dart around to the passenger side and climb in.  The second I’m in my seat he whips around and starts heading in the direction of the hospital.  The closer we get to town, the better the roads are salted.
“What’s going on?” I ask, trying to brace myself as I attempt to get a seatbelt on.  “What’s wrong with Drake?”
“This is bad, Miss Ray,” Lake says, shaking his head as he drives recklessly.  There’s a seriousness in his eyes that I’ve never seen there before.  “There was this huge accident just a block from Drake’s place.”
“Was Drake in a car when it happened?” I demand when Lake pauses, weaving between two other cars.  It feels like no one will give me a straight answer.
Lake shakes his head.  “It was Diana.”
The air grows still and quiet.  It takes me a few moments before I find my voice.  “Is she okay?”
Lake doesn’t respond for a moment and a lump forms in my throat.  “And the baby?  Is the baby okay?”
Finally, he shakes his head.
“It was really bad, Kaylee,” he says.  I see the hospital coming up ahead.  “I mean bad.  They can’t even identify the other driver.”
My hand comes to my mouth and a sob breaks out.
“The baby’s gone,” Lake finally says is a rough voice as he pulls into a parking spot.  “Diana’s on life support.  They don’t think she’s going to make it.”
A heavy breath forces its way out of my chest.  My body feels stiff and tight.  Tears prick the backs of my eyes and my throat swells.
Lake looks at me through the dark.  “My brother’s a mess.”  His voice cracks just a tiny bit.  “He’s been flipping out and no one can talk to him.  Mom and Dad are scared for him.  Mom thought…thought maybe you’d calm him down.”
A tear leaks down my cheek and I press my lips tightly together.  I’m scared.  I’m terrified to face him.  I can’t imagine his pain right now.  And I have no idea what to say.
But I can’t walk away in a moment like this.
“Let’s go,” I say.
I follow Lake through the main doors and down hall after hall.  The air is sterile smelling, and even more sterile looking.  People talk quietly, walk quietly.  Suddenly, the hospital just feels like one big waiting room for the afterlife.  
We get to the intensive care unit and I see the McCain family gathered outside a door.
“Thank you for coming,” Robin says, throwing her arms around my shoulders and squeezing me tight.  Her face is splotchy and red and her eyes are swollen.  “I didn’t know what else to do.”
She lets me go and I take in the rest of the family.  Robert’s expression is grave and his skin looks an odd grey color.  Kale sits on the floor, his back up against the wall.  He looks a bit panicked and exhausted.  He’s so young he can’t possibly comprehend the weight of this situation.  
Sage stands facing the door, her arms crossed over her chest.  Her expression is serious and hard.  But she doesn’t show signs of emotion or crying like her other family members.  
“Is it true?” I ask, wrapping my arms around myself.  “The baby’s…”
Robin nods and wipes at her eyes again.  “They had to use the Jaws of Life to get Diana out of the car.  They say the baby would have been killed instantly.”
“What about Diana?” I ask around the lump in my throat.
Robin shakes her head and more tears well in her eyes.  “Her parents are here, they’re in that room with her.  The doctors told them…” she takes a deep, shaky breath.  “They told Diana’s parents to say their goodbyes.”
I cover my mouth again with my hand and shake my head.  Tears well up in my eyes.
“Kaylee, something happened earlier,” Robin says, touching my arm gently.  “We know Diana was leaving Drake’s apartment when the accident happened.  I don’t know what was said, but for Drake to react like he did…”
“He started breaking stuff,” Sage says, her voice deadpan even.  “Drake punched a male nurse when he tried to stop him.”  Sage finally looks over at us.  Her eyes are empty.  “I’ve never seen my brother act like that.”
“Where is he?” I ask.
Sage nods at the door she’s been staring at.  “They finally sedated him about ten minutes ago.”
I take a deep breath, trying to calm the whirlwind inside of me.  I cross the hall and put my hand on the doorknob.  Slowly, I twist it, and push the door open.
I close it quietly behind me.  The room is dimly lit, with only one light on at the side of the bed.  Drake sits in one of the chairs.  He’s slouching so much he’s almost laying in it.  His chin rests on his chest and he stares forward with a blank stare.
Between his lips is an unlit cigarette.
There’s a broken lamp shattered across the floor.  The contents from a medical cart are thrown everywhere.  The blankets and sheets are lying haphazardly half on the floor, half on the bed.
I drop down on my knees so I’m in front of Drake.  It takes his eyes a moment to focus on my face.
“Hi,” he says.  His expression is blank and hazy.  I am hoping it’s mostly because of the sedation they gave him.  
“Hi,” I say back.
“Did my mom call you?” he asks.  His words kind of all slur together.  He lazily reaches up and pinches the cigarette between two fingers, before his whole arm flops back over the armrest.
I nod.
His eyes slide past me to observe the room and the mess he’s made.  “I didn’t handle things very well.”
“I don’t think there was one right way to handle them,” I say quietly.  I sniff, feeling all the apprehensive parts of me start to calm down.  He’s not rampaging.  He’s quiet.  But I have to wonder if he’s later going to be able to recall anything we say here.  I’ve never been sedated before, but I imagine it’s a bit like being extremely drunk.  Who knows if you’ll remember the morning after.
“My hand hurts,” he says, holding it up.  His knuckles are starting to bruise.  “I’m pretty sure I punched someone.  Someone with a very hard head.”
“Would you like some ice?”
He holds his hand to his chest and nods.  I stand and walk back to the door.  I open it just a crack.
“Can you get him some ice?” I ask Sage, who is still standing there staring at the door.
“Sure,” she says.
I close the door once again and turn back to Drake.  He sits back up in the seat, no longer looking like he will melt right out of it.  I pull over the rolling stool that sits in the corner and sit in front of him.
Drake stares at me.  His expression is still glazed over and I hate seeing him like this.  But I suppose it’s better than what his family saw not twenty minutes ago.
“How come your life can change so fast, so easy?” Drake says, staring at me intently.  As intently as he can in this state.  He absentmindedly twirls the cigarette between two fingers.  “There’s certain points in my life where I can very clearly recall having it whiplash change direction.  And I’m never prepared for them.”
“No one is ever prepared for them,” I say.  There’s a quiet knock at the door and I cross back to it.  Sage hands me a rag with a bag of ice in it.  I thank her and walk back to Drake.  I take his injured hand in mine and gently press the ice pack to his knuckles.  He doesn’t even wince.  He just stares at me.
“Diana texted me earlier, said she wanted to talk,” he says, his eyes never leaving my face.  “I told her to come over because I had so many papers to grade, I didn’t want to take more time away from it all then I had to.”  And now his eyes finally redden.  His gaze drops from my face and his neck sags, his head turning to the floor.  “I didn’t realize how cold it was, how slick the roads were going to get.  I should have gone over to her place.”
“Drake,” I say.  Something surges up inside of me, preparing to fight this battle, to will him back from the edge.  “You had no way of knowing what would happen.  This isn’t your fault.”
Drake takes a deep sniff and shakes his head.  He brings it back up, looking anywhere but at me.  He clears his throat and one tear leaks down his face.
“I feel really weird right now,” he admits.  His eyes are misty and hazy.  “Like I’m either really heavy, or I’m going to float away at any moment.  And my head is full of cotton.”
“They had to sedate you,” I say.  I take his injured hand back in mine, holding the ice to it.
“Yeah,” he says.  He blinks heavy and I can tell he’s getting tired.  “Diana came over.  She was nervous.  Wouldn’t look at me straight.  I asked her what was wrong.”
He stops talking for a while, and I let him have his silence.  His eyes are distant, focusing on something that isn’t in this room.  He chews on his lower lip for a moment.  His hands are clammy.
“She said she was tired of trying so hard.  This wasn’t going to work out between us and she didn’t want to force it anymore.  And she said…she said she wasn’t ready to be a mother anyway.”  He takes a shaky, deep breath and looks down at the floor.  “She wanted to talk about giving the baby up for adoption.”
It feels like he’s just splashed a bucket of cold water in my face.
Drake and being a father just go hand in hand.  That was a role he was always meant to play and then Diana just wanted to rip that away?
“What did you say?” I ask.
He shakes his head.  “I told her I’d have to think things over.  Being a father right now when I wasn’t prepared for it was scary enough, but thinking of doing everything on my own?  I told her I needed some time to process, but to not do anything before I told her what I decided.”
I have no words.  I have nothing to say.  This is not my world.
“She told me to not take too long.  That she wanted to know what to do as soon as possible so she could make plans.  But she said…” his voice grows harder.  He puts the cigarette between his lips again.  “She said she didn’t want to see me anymore.  That if I wanted to keep the baby I could come get it after it was born, but she didn’t want me in her life in the meantime.”
“That’s awful.”  It slips out before I can stop it.
Drake shakes his head and looks up at me.  “Can you blame her?  I’ve been trying Kaylee, but forcing yourself to be with someone when you’re in love with someone else is damn hard acting.”
“Drake, I—”
“Don’t,” he says around the stick of death between his lips, his voice hard but not angry.  “Don’t.  You don’t have to say it.  This…this was all me.”
And his face crumples.  Tears start running down his face.  He collapses forward into me and I wrap my arms around him.
He just cries.  Then he sobs.  Then he howls.  
And after what feels like an eternity, he’s quiet.  
His unlit cigarette lies on the floor by his feet.
Knowing I’ve only got a few minutes before he’s a dead asleep log, I pull him to his feet and help him over to the bed.  The second his head hits the pillow, he’s out.
My eyes are tired and my brain feels slow and dull.  I check the clock and find it’s twelve fifty-eight.
Sure that Drake is well asleep, I open the door and step out into the hall.
The entire McCain family is lined up on the floor in the hall.  Kale’s head is in Sage’s lap and he’s fast sleep.  Sage’s head rests on Lake’s shoulder and I’m not positive if she’s asleep or not, her eyes are closed.  
But Robin, Robert, and Lake’s eyes jump to me the second I walk out.  I put a finger to my lips for them to be quiet as to not wake Kale and Sage and sink to the floor across the hall from them.
“Drake’s sleeping,” I say.
“Thank you so much, again, for coming,” Robin says.  She gives me a tired, appreciative smile.  “We weren’t sure what else to do.”
I give a nod, chewing on my lower lip.  “Thanks for calling me.”
And as horrible as it is to be here, as hard as this is, I’m glad I’m here.  
“Did…” Robin struggles for words.  “Did he say anything?  I know my son and I know his reactions.  I’ve never seen anything close to that man in there.”
I hesitate in telling her.  What Drake told me is personal.  It’s deep.  It’s rough and heavy.  “I think you should wait to hear it from him.  If he wants to tell you.  It isn’t my information to give.”
Robin nods and two tears slip down her face.  “Of course.”
I notice Sage’s eyes have opened.  Her head still rests on Lake’s shoulder, but she’s listening.  Kale snores softly.  He looks so peaceful there, sleeping in his sister’s lap.  He’s lucky to have the youth and naivety to be blissfully unaware of the gravity of this situation.
“Any updates on Diana?” I ask.
Robin doesn’t seem to be able to speak.  She takes two sobbing breaths before burying her face in her husband’s shoulder.
“We spoke to her parents about an hour ago,” Robert says as he wraps an arm around Robin’s shoulders.  “The doctors confirmed there’s no chance of her pulling out of this.  They’re going to gather the rest of the family in the morning to say goodbye before they shut the machines down.”
I squeeze my eyes closed and shake my head.
I always resented the idea of Diana.  The thought of this other woman that was a part of Drake’s life when I no longer could be.  It’s easy to hate an idea.
But Diana is a person.  Someone with family and friends.  She’s someone who had plans.
Not much in life is fair.
“So, what happened, exactly?” I ask, opening my eyes again.  “The roads were slick.  Diana was leaving Drake’s apartment.”
Robert nods.  “She was only about a block from his apartment.  Headed in the direction of yours, on her way home.  The police said it looked like both cars tried to break, but there was some serious black ice since the trucks hadn’t been out yet.  They both slid right into the intersection.”  His voice falters and he clears his throat to dislodge the emotion.  “There was a semi-truck behind the other driver.  He couldn’t stop either.  There wasn’t much left of the other driver’s car.”
“Lake said they couldn’t even identify them,” I say, shaking my head.
Robert nods.  “Cops said it was one of the worst accidents they’ve ever seen.”
“Drake heard the accident,” Sage says.  My eyes slide over to her.  “He saw all of the aftermath.  Watched them pull Diana from her car.”
My stomach feels sick.  “No wonder he reacted the way he did.  Anyone in that situation would have.  And then to learn the baby…”
Robin’s lower lip quivers and she threads her fingers through her husbands.  “Someone should be with him.  Will you stay with him tonight?”
“Of course,” I say with a nod.  My body feels stiff and heavy as I climb to my feet.  “I’ll stay with him.  You all should get some sleep.”
Robert climbs to his feet, pulling Robin up with him.  “We’ll crash in the waiting room.  Come get us if you or Drake needs anything.”
“Okay,” I say.  I place my hand on the doorknob and give it a turn.  I glance once more over my shoulder before I go in.
The McCain family really is a beautiful family.  They’re supportive, and loving.  Everything I ever wanted.
I step inside Drake’s room and close the door behind me.



CHAPTER TWENTY

What do I do?
I stand at the door for a long time.  Every cell in my body tells me to climb into that little hospital bed with Drake, wrap my arms around him, and hold him tight until the sun comes up and the sedation wears off.  But every emotion in my heart says to protect itself.  Every second of physical contact with Drake is another needle in my core.
Eventually, what I settle for is dragging one of the chairs right next to the bed.  I sit, fold my arms on the edge of the bed, and rest my head in my arms.
And finally, somewhere around two-fifteen, I fall asleep.

When I wake, I’m lying in the hospital bed.  I have no idea how I got here.  But Drake is nowhere to be seen.
I scramble out of the bed, check the bathroom to find it empty.  I dart out into the hall, which is empty.  I jog down toward the waiting room, and there, I find the McCain’s.
“Where is he?” I say.  I feel panicked and ashamed for a while.  I was supposed to be watching him and I just lost him.
I catch sight of the clock on the wall.  It reads eight-fifteen.
Lake is stretched across a few chairs asleep.  Robin is in a chair, propped up against a wall, asleep as well.  Robert sits with his fingers clamped together, bouncing one knee.  Kale eats from a bag of chips.  Sage is the one who stands and walks over to me.
“He’s saying his goodbye’s to Diana,” she says.  She looks exhausted, but somehow still put together and ready to walk into a boardroom.  It boggles my mind she’s only twenty-one.  And only two years younger than me.
“Did he seem okay?” I ask.
Sage shrugs her shoulders and gives a little shake of her head.  “As good as he could seem, given the circumstances.”
I nod.  I rub at my eyes, not worrying about ruining my mascara since I cried it away hours ago last night.  There’s a tight knot in my chest that hasn’t left in what feels like so long.
I pull my phone out of my pocket as Sage walks back to her family.  I didn’t have a charger so the battery is at only fifteen percent.
By now I would have expected Mom to call and explain where she was last night.  In all likelihood her flight was probably delayed or bumped back a day because the runway was sure to be as icy as the roads.  But she should have given me an update at some point.
I nearly drop my phone to the tile floor, I jump so hard, when it rings.  Dick’s name appears on the caller ID.
“Hi,” I answer.  
“Hey,” he replies.  His voice already sounds concerned.  “Have you heard from your mom?”
“I haven’t.  I was just thinking about that, actually.  It’s weird she hasn’t called.”
“Yeah,” he says.  “She promised to spend the entire day with Skyler but she never showed last night and I haven’t heard a peep from her all day.”
“Maybe her flight got cancelled or delayed last night,” I suggest, hoping it’s true.  
“I checked with the airline,” he says.  “They said it landed on time last night.  She was on the plane.”
My fingers go chill and my lips must be blue.  My blood has run cold.
“Where is she then?” I ask myself out loud.  “She’s not always great at keeping her time commitments, but she wouldn’t just space everything like this.”
“You know how your mother is,” Dick says, weight in his voice.  “But I’m worried about her.  The roads were really bad last night and she doesn’t like driving in weather.”
My stomach turns and the world tilts a little sideways.
“I need to check on something,” I say.  “I’ll call you back in a bit, okay?”
“Alright.”
I hang the phone up.  My vision has gone blurry and my legs feel like numb led.  The world threatens to tip.
“Kaylee?”
I turn to meet Drake’s eyes.  He’s got the Drake look on.
“What color was the other car?” I ask, my voice out of breath.
“Other car?” 
Tears bite at the back of my eyes and my throat feels tight.  “The accident last night.  A block from your apartment, three blocks from mine.  What color was the other car?”
Drake presses his lips tight together and his eyes drop for a moment as he tries to recall.  “It was a lime green Beetle.”
My expression collapses and tears start rolling down my face.
“Kaylee,” Drake says, rushing forward and grabbing me by the shoulders.  “What’s wrong?”
“Where would they have taken the body of that driver?” I ask, taking two steps away from him, wrapping my arms around my shoulders.
“I…I don’t know.  I assume somewhere here at the hospital,” he says.  He sounds totally confused.  I turn away from him, my eyes wildly searching for I don’t know what.  Robert has stood and is just a few paces away, concern on his face.  Sage gives me a questioning look.  But my head is spinning and the floor is rocking.
“Kaylee, what’s going on?” I hear Drake’s voice ask somewhere through the haze.
“I need to speak to the police who went to the accident last night,” I breathe.
“Why?”
“Because my mom was the other driver.”

Someone called the police for me.  They talked to me, confirming the other car in the accident was a lime green VW Beetle.  One of the officers gave me a ride to the coroner’s office.  I talked with someone there, and what little they had to go by with what was left from the accident, we confirmed it was my mother.
I called Dick.  He came down.  They recommended we cremate my mother, given what the accident did to her.  I was cationic.  Dick gave them the okay.  Condolences were given.
It’s amazing how you can go through an entire day, do things, talk to people, and not even remember it by the time night falls.  
Dick takes me home with him.  He breaks the news to Skyler.  I try to get it together enough to provide him some small level of comfort.  But I don’t think I do a very good job.  He doesn’t quite get it at first.  And then he cries.
I crawl into his bed with him that night and hold him.  I don’t have any words of comfort.  I don’t know how to tell him it will be okay.  But I can be there.  Physically, if not emotionally.  
The night rolls by in a blurry, dull roll of sleep and numbness.  I’m awake, I’m asleep.  I simply exist.
Learning the father I never met was dead is one thing.  Learning the woman who kept me, even though she was too young, was another.
She wasn’t perfect.  She had so many faults.  She couldn’t ever quite figure things out.  
But she was trying.  She was going to get it together.
And then it was all ripped away.



CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

When faced with death, everything in your life suddenly seems so trivial. 
You take stock of the things in your life that actually matter.  You pull on your big girl panties and realize that life is short and that if you want something you’ve got to take it.
But first you have to start living again.

How much loss can you handle before you completely fall apart?
Life grinds to a halt.  My apartment is the only space I occupy.  Work?  That doesn’t seem to matter.  The school calls quite a few times.  They leave messages.  I don’t pick up.  They can fire me.  It doesn’t much feel like it matters.
People come and knock at my door.  But I don’t answer.  After a while someone says they’re the police and need to know I’m okay.  I open the door, let them walk around for a minute or two, and when they see I haven’t harmed myself, they leave.
I go back to being nothing.
I’m given my mother’s ashes in an urn.  Dick tries to talk to me about having a memorial.  All I can think is who will come?  People from Mom’s work?
Maybe someday.  But not now.
Somewhere around four days after the accident, my phone rings.  It’s a number I don’t recognize.  And like every other call, I let it go to voicemail.  But for some reason, I actually listen to this one.
It’s the private school.  They’re impressed with me and my interview.  They’d like to discuss the possibility of offering me the position.
Well how about that?

The water’s freezing.  I’m not sure if it started out that way or if I’ve just been in here so long the hot water has run out.
I sit on the floor of the shower, my arms wrapped around my knees.  The water splashes off them into my face, leaving tiny droplets clinging to my forehead, my hair, my eyelashes.  I blink slow.  Feel water drip off my chin and nose.  They open again, staring at the water that streams down onto me.
Can a person drown themselves in the slower?  If you just put your face in the stream and breathe in.  Could it fill your lungs, stop your breath, and release you from this painful world?
I have no plans to do this.  But I wonder.
I don’t have the strength to get up out of the stream.
The temperature of the bathroom suddenly changes.  The shower curtain ruffles and the hooks it hangs from clink as they’re pushed back.  The water is shut off
Someone crouches down and it takes my eyes a long while to focus on the face before me.
Drake stares at me.  Is he scared?  Mad?  Concerned?  Indifferent?  My brain is too frozen to analyze him.
My fingers are too numb to feel the warmth of his when they wrap around my hands and pull me to my feet.  My limbs are stiff and cold and complain at being used after being frozen into place for so long.  My vision fades in and out of focus.
Something warm is wrapped around my naked, dripping body.  Drake runs his hands up and down me, drying me off.  He takes another towel and pats at my hair.
I finally stare at him as he dries me off.  I’m pretty unconcerned about the fact that he’s found me naked on the floor of my shower.  I’m just trying to process the fact that he’s here.  It feels like an eternity since I saw him Saturday.
“Come on,” he says quietly as he leads me out of the bathroom.  He guides me to my bed, sitting me on the edge.  He digs through my drawers for a minute before coming up with an oversized shirt.  He slides it over my head and I find the strength to put my arms through the holes.  Drake takes the wet towel from my bed and hangs it up in the bathroom.
“I’m going to make you something to eat, okay?” he says, crouching down in front of me.  My eyes see him, but he doesn’t seem real.  Maybe I’m dreaming.  Or more likely, hallucinating, since all my visions while I sleep lately are nightmares.
“I’m not hungry.”  My voice is a wreck.
“I’m making you something anyway.”
And then he’s gone.
I lie down on my bed, pulling the covers over me.  Something smells good.  My stomach gives the smallest of growls.
Sometime later, Drake appears next to me again, a plate in his hand.  “Here,” he says, offering a hand to me and pulling me back into a sitting position.  He sits next to me on the bed and holds out the plate.
There’s a pile of steaming scrambled eggs, a slice of toast.  In his other hand he holds a glass of orange juice.
“Eat,” Drake says.  It’s not a question and I don’t think I have a choice.
My throat feels dry and unused as I start choking the eggs down.  But as more food goes into my system, the hungrier I get.
“I missed school Monday,” Drake says.  His voice is flat.  It’s been missing any signs of life for so long now.  “But I went in on Tuesday, just for first period.  I talked to Principal Riker.  Told him what happened.  Why neither of us would be in.  He understands, but he’s not happy about the lack of communication.  I told him to fuck off.”
The word is so unexpected from Drake, I actually laugh, sending a small spray of orange juice on my wall.  I look over at Drake and find a small smile on his face too.
“I thought he was going to fire me right then,” he says, his expression growing serious again.  “Thankfully I did it in front of a few other teachers.  Mr. Scott stuck up for us pretty hard.”
My eyes go back to the plate in my lap.  A small twinge of gratitude forms in my heart toward Duncan.  Not for my own sake.  But for Drake’s.
“How did everything fall apart so fast?” I breathe.
Drake’s fingers brush across my cheek and I press it into his palm.  For the first time in days, a spark of life ignites in my chest.
“I guess we just had no idea of what reality was before,” he says.  “Guess we needed a harsh education.”
I squeeze my eyes closed and feel everything in me sag in on myself.  The plate in my lap slips to the floor with a loud clatter.
Tears start falling from my eyes despite the fact that I didn’t think I had any more left in me.  Drake wraps his arms around me and holds me tight to his side.
“I spent so much time resenting her,” I confess.  “But it wasn’t her fault.  She didn’t know how to do it any better.  And she…she was going to try harder.  She was going to be there for him!”
“Shh,” Drake coos, running a hand over my damp hair.  “Just take a deep breath.”
“They’re both dead,” I say, pressing my face into Drake’s chest.  “Both my parents are dead now and I never knew the one, and the other was becoming a stranger.  And I’ll never get that back.  I can never fix that.”
“I’m so sorry,” Drake says and I can hear the emotion in his voice.  He holds me tight, swaying us side to side ever so slowly.
I lay on the bed and Drake pulls me up into his arms.  He rests his cheek on my head, his hands firmly on my back.  I don’t remember doing it, but I wrap a leg around his, holding him tight to me.
“Are we broken?” I whisper as it grows dark and the hour stretches late.
“I think everyone gets broken at some point.”



CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

“Kaylee.”
The voice whispers through black sleep that is heavy and warm.
“Kaylee, it’s time to get up.”
My eyes slowly blink open.  And there is Drake’s face.  
We’re both lying in my bed, side by side, facing each other.  He brings his fingers up, once again brushing them over my cheek.  A small, sleepy smile forms on my face.
“We need to get ready to go to work,” he says, placing his entire palm on my cheek.  It’s warm, and completely comforting.  “School starts in forty minutes.”
“I’m ready to go back.”  I say the words, not entirely sure they’re true.
“You’re ready,” he says.
I sit up in bed, grateful my lower half is covered by the sheet since all I am wearing is the oversized shirt.  The apartment is grey, but the kind of grey that is fighting to turn to light.  Dawn taking over the night.
Drake stands, his clothes wrinkled from sleeping in them all night.  “What can I help you with this morning?”
“Um,” I start.  My brain hasn’t been functional the past five days; it’s struggling to be so again.  “I’m going to get dressed.  Maybe grab us something to eat?”
“Mmk,” he says with a nod.  “Then we can swing by my place and I can grab something fresh to wear?”
“Yeah,” I say with a nod.  I watch him head to the kitchen.  Still a bit surprised to be coming back into the real world, I pull myself out of bed and dig around for something to wear.  Then I change in the bathroom.
There isn’t much to eat, so when I walk out of the bathroom dressed, Drake hands me a travel mug with coffee and a protein bar.  “We’ll go grocery shopping after school?”
I nod and grab my briefcase with my lesson plans and everything.  Drake holds the door open for me and then we walk downstairs.
We ride in his car, despite how terrible it is.  We stop at Drake’s apartment and I wait in the car for five minutes while he runs up to get changed.  He comes back down, dressed in dark jeans, a green and white plaid shirt, and a dark blue sweater.  
Once again I’m amazed at how life can continue on so normal for everyone else when my world has been rocked by a nuclear bomb.  Students mill about the parking lot toward the school.  The busses roll in.  Teachers collect things from their cars and head inside.
I watch them for a minute.  Wishing I could steal their normal-ness, and live in those small moments.
“You can do this.”  
I look over at Drake and see support in his eyes.  He places his hand over mine, giving it a firm squeeze.
I open the door, and step out into the parking lot.
I’m scared for this day.  I honestly don’t feel ready.  I feel ready to walk about my apartment, attempting to clean up after the out-of-her-mind Kaylee of the past few days.  I feel ready to cook myself lunch and to maybe flip through the channels.  I don’t feel ready to have to face over a hundred students.  I don’t feel ready to have to assign homework and teach something of value.
But when are we truly ever ready for anything in life?
I don’t say a word as we head for my classroom.  Drake walks with me.  We work our way through the crowded halls, and every once in a while, I feel his hand on the small of my back.  It’s a reminder that he’s here if I need him, and that he knows I am strong enough to make it through this day.
At my door, he stops and I look back at him.
“I will see you during break period, okay?” he says.  His tone surprises me.  It’s him looking for confirmation, as if he’s afraid I’ll slip away into nothing again, afraid I won’t be here when he comes to look for me.
“Okay.”
I turn and walk inside.
It takes me a minute to figure out what is different about my class.  Something feels off, something has changed.
It’s my whiteboard.  It’s lower.  Low enough I can nearly reach the entire board.
The hints of a smile pull on the corner of my lips.  Because I know exactly who did this.
I didn’t even stop this morning to think if it was an A or a B day.  Am I teaching Ancient World or Word History this morning?
I’ve just set my stuff on the desk when Lake walks through the door.  His eyes fix on me and his expression is serious and firm when he walks straight over to me and wraps his arms around my shoulders.
He’s huge and I’m tiny, so my head rests square in the middle of his chest and that is as high as it can reach.  But he holds tight and firm with sincerity I wasn’t sure he was capable of until the other night.
“Thanks, Lake,” I say, trying to fight back the tears that want to well up again.
“I’m sorry about everything that’s happened,” he says.  
“Thanks,” I repeat.  The warming bell rings and he finally lets go of me.  He takes a step back, and stares down at me, a good thirteen inches taller than me.  I can see it there in his face.  He cares about me.  
And I realize then that Lake feels like a little brother.  I feel protective of him.  I don’t mind that he teases me and that he’s seen me cry.  I’m glad he’s here.
My students seem surprised to see me in class.  But they’re on their very best behavior.  They pay close attention.  They’re deathly quiet.  I have to wonder if they know what has happened.  Do they know anything about Diana and Drake and me and that complicated triangle?  Do they know I’m an orphan now?
No matter what they do know, I’m grateful for their respect today.
____

Principal Riker comes to see me during my break period.  I can tell he’s angry.  I can tell that if this were under different circumstances, he would fire me.  And he would have every right to.  But he knows the hell I’ve just gone through.  So all I get is a stern look and a talking to that he expects me to be in class every day from now on.
When he leaves, Drake is waiting outside my classroom door.  He walks in and sits in the front row of seats.
“I need to make a quick call,” I say.
He nods and I pull out my phone.
It takes me a few minutes to get through to the headmaster.
“I’m honored by the offer, but I’m going to have to decline,” I say, never looking away from Drake.  “Thank you.”
We say our goodbyes and I hang up.
Drake doesn’t ask me what the call was about, or what is going on.  He just gives me a tiny, lopsided supportive smile.
We spend our break period and lunch catching up on work.  We silently plan our lessons side by side.  We grade papers.  We do what we’re supposed to do as teachers.
After fourth period world history, Drake appears in my doorway again.  And quietly we walk down the hall to the parking lot and his car.
It putters and squeals when he starts it and I wonder how many more starts it has left in it.  But it gets us to the grocery store.
Drake grabs a cart when we walk through the doors and side by side, we start down the aisles.
How is it possible that I can breathe when he’s around but feel as if I will drown when he’s away?  He’s a life raft and I am a sinking rock.  We walk next to each other, not saying much of anything, but just his presence is a million words of comfort and understanding.
“Bananas?” he asks, picking up a bunch of them.  I give a nod.  We walk a few steps.  “Apples?”  I nod.  “Strawberries are a must.”  I just smile back at him as he sets them in the cart.
This is a gift of Drakes.  He knows how to make people comfortable and to put them at ease, even when their world has been knocked off its axis.
I recall the first day of teaching, the first day we met, the first day of school, when he found me about to have a nervous breakdown.  He sat with me in the dark, and not sixty seconds later had me laughing.
“I…” I start and stop.  I don’t exactly know how to say what I need to.  “I’m here for you, too.  I’m here.”
He smiles.  He slips his fingers through mine and squeezes my hand.  “I know.”
It’s as easy as that.
We gather the rest of our produce and head for dairy.
I don’t know where things stand right now, things between Drake and I.  And I honestly don’t have the emotional energy to analyze it too much.  But for now, he’s here with me and something feels okay for once.

I feel exhausted when we get back to the car.  After we load things into the trunk, I lean my head on the glass window and watch the world roll by.  I must doze off.  When I wake, Drake has taken all our things up to my apartment.  He wakes me with a gentle hand on my arm and I wake to his eyes.
“Come on,” he says quietly.  He offers me his hand and I take it, letting him lift me from the seat.
There’s something simple and gentle, my hand in his, as we walk up the stairs.  There’s no expectations or past or future.  It’s just the moment of two people who have experienced something more than they thought they were capable of surviving and standing together.
There’s a duffle bag sitting on the floor just inside my door and I can Drake’s things threatening to spill out of it.  He must have stopped at his apartment while I was asleep.
Together we put the groceries away.  And then I set about the task of making shepherd’s pie.  While it cooks in the oven, Drake and I sit on the couch, side by side and watch some comedic show that’s on.
But my mind is elsewhere.  There’s that song again the one from the library, on the second day we met.  Happiness.  
Let it go, live your life, and leave it.
Then one day, wake up, and she’ll be home.
I don’t know that I’m there yet.  I had to let it go.  It crushed me to do so, but I did it.
I tried to live my life, I tried to leave it.
I woke up.  In such a devastating way.
Despite all that, I think maybe, just maybe, I’ll be home soon.



CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

Saturday, Drake leaves for a few hours to attend Diana’s funeral.  I go to Dicks to spend some time with Skyler.  He’s sad and he doesn’t quite grasp everything yet, but he’s dealing.
On Sunday, Drake, Armando, Anthony, and I all have dinner at my place.
And Drake stays at my place every night and day for the next week.
We don’t talk much about what happened.  
We don’t talk about the future.  
We don’t kiss.
But he sleeps in my bed every night.  He holds me close, wraps his arms around me tight, and whispers in my ear when the nightmares come.  And I run my hands across his back and trace my fingers over his cheek when his wake him in a cold sweat.
Somehow, we’ve started living together.  Being a couple again without actually being a couple.
On Tuesday, the last day of school before the Thanksgiving Day break, Drake grabs my mail from the box and we head upstairs.  As Drake unlocks the door, he hands it over and I start sorting through it.
“How’d that big test go?” he asks as he takes his messenger bag off and hangs it on a hook by the door.
“Okay,” I say as I start sorting through the mail on the counter.  “Most of the class averaged a B plus.  Surprisingly Lake aced it.”
“He likes you, so he tries,” Drake says with a smile as he sits at the bar and starts untying his Chucks.
A smile pulls at my lips.
An envelope from an insurance company catches my eye.  It’s big and official looking.  I tear it open and start reading the enclosed letter.
It basically states that I am one of the beneficiaries of my mother’s life insurance policy.  I’m sure Skyler is the other.  Since my mother was young and in good health, and worked for an insurance company, she had a good policy.  And there were basically no funeral costs, since there wasn’t one, and she was cremated.
“Holy,” I breathe when I see the check and the amount.
“What’s wrong?” Drake asks, concern instantly in his voice.
I hold the check up for him to see.
It will not make me rich.  It will not make me set for life, or for even more than a few years.  But for a teacher, it’s huge.  
And in a way, it proves that my mother was really trying all along.
“From your mom?” Drake asks.
I nod and there’s a tiny pinch at the back of my eyes.
That’s all the cue that Drake needs to cross the tiny amount of space between us and wrap his arms around me.
He just knows when I need him.
____
My phone rings and I grope for it through the dim morning light.  Drake grunts softly, his arm lying across my stomach.  Finally, my fingers catch the edge of my phone and I drag it toward me.  It’s a number I don’t recognize.
“Hello?” I say groggily.
“Kaylee, would you and Drake mind swinging by the store on your way over here and grab a pack of butter?  I can’t believe I forgot it when I went out the other day.  And some whipped cream for the pie?”
“Mrs. McCain?” I ask, my sleepy brain struggling to keep up with her.  Drake’s head pops up from the pillow, a confused look on his face.  He squints at my phone through the dark.
“Of course,” she says.  “Who else would you think it was?”
I rub one eye.  “Of course, sorry.  What time is it?”
“It’s eight o’clock but there’s lots to be cooked before dinner,” she starts rattling.  I can hear dishes clanking in the background.  “You do know it’s Thanksgiving and we’re eating dinner at four, right?”
“Thanksgiving?” I say, not feeling up to speed with the conversation. 
“What time do you and Drake think you can be here?  I really need that butter by one at the latest.  Though I wouldn’t complain about extra hands if you two wanted to come earlier.  Can I talk to Drake?”
My brows have furrowed deep together by this point and I hand my phone over to Drake with a confused little smile.  Drake looks just as confused as he takes it and holds it to his ear.
“Mom?” he says.
“Honey, I know it’s early and you two are probably still sleeping, but I could really use some assistance.  You know how useless Sage is in the kitchen and your father and brothers are no help either.”  I hear her, even though the phone is pressed to Drake’s ear.  “Can you two come help out?”
“Uh,” Drake stutters.  That look of his is forming on his face.  “Yeah.  We’ll get ready to go.”
“Thank you, see you soon!”
And she hangs up.
Drake shuts my phone and looks at me through the dim light.  A small smile plays on his lips and he chuckles.
“I honestly hadn’t thought about where I was going to go today,” I say, looking at him.
“Sounds like Mom isn’t going to give you much of a choice,” he replies.  He reaches up and brushes his fingertips over my cheek.
I place my hand over his, pinning his palm against my cheek.  Until this point, I’ve just needed him here, I needed him keeping me afloat and alive, and he needed me.  That was all we needed.
But we’re both thawing.  We’re both surfacing back to the real world.  We’re waking up.
And we’re both here.
“I think we’re going to have to talk about stuff,” I say quietly, never losing his eyes.  “Soon.”
“Yeah,” he says.  I know him well enough to be able to tell he wants to kiss me.
But we need to have that talk first.
It takes a while, but we finally break the moment and both roll out of bed.  
“So is your family one of the types to dress up in their nicest clothes for Thanksgiving dinner, or the dress-in-whatever-clothes-will-let-you-eat-the-most-amount-of-turkey types?” I ask as I turn for my closet.
“Do you even have to ask?”
I look over my shoulder toward him.  He’s in the bathroom with the door only half closed.  He pulls his shirt over his head and leans forward to start the shower.  I admire the toned lines of his arms and stomach for a moment.
“So jeans and a shirt of my choice it is?” I ask, my voice a bit breathy.
Drake turns and looks surprised to find the door partly open, as if he didn’t realize.  His eyes meet mine, and suddenly I feel like we’ve just met again.  A little uncertain and not fully sure how approach, but with undeniable chemistry.  His lips go all lopsided and smiley.  “That’ll do just fine.”
A smile tugs on the corner of my lips and I feel my face flush, knowing he knows I was checking him out without a shirt.
Drake showers while I get dressed and we both hurriedly get ready.  We grab our stuff for the day and head down to my car.
I can feel the change coming on as we walk through the store.  We’ve been there for each other but distant the last week we’ve been living together.  We’ve had boundaries and an unspoken agreement of caution.
There’s a wave surging up and it’s going to leave everything changed.
And I’m scared and look forward to it all at the same time.
We get the items Robin requested and drive the few minutes to her house.  And the moment we walk through the door, she puts us to work.
I’m in charge of the stuffing and Drake gets charge of the mashed potatoes.  Robin whirlwinds around the kitchen, giving instructions, getting irritated when someone gets in her way, making jokes about how it might not be perfect, but it will fill our bellies.
“I think…” Robin says at a quarter to four.  Her eyes dart from one dish to the next.  “I think we’re ready to eat.”
I survey the damage and nod.  
There’s food everywhere.  The bar is stock full of vegetables, stuffing, cranberry sauce, this pink fluffy stuff that is apparently a McCain tradition, mashed potatoes, a huge bowl full of homemade rolls.  The turkey sits hot and ready in the oven.
“Boys!” Robin suddenly yells.  “Turn the game off and come eat!”
When no one responds, I walk into the living room and watch them for a minute.
They’re all gathered around the TV, watching some football game.  I can see Sage pacing outside, talking on her cell phone.  But the boys cheer as someone scores a touchdown.  Lake gives Drake, who abandoned the kitchen the moment the game came on, a high five, and Kale moans and complains about the wrong team scoring.
“Boys,” Robin suddenly huffs, standing beside me.  “We’ve been working on this fantastic meal all day.  Come and eat it before I have to get loud.”
“Yes ma’am,” Robert says, standing and pressing a kiss to Robin’s cheek.  Drake clicks the TV off, giving me a little smile as he meets my eyes.
Yeah, something is going to change, and quick.
With the help of the boys, we move everything to the table and Sage darts inside.  Robin offers grace on the food and Robert starts carving the turkey.
“What’s with all the phone time?” Robin asks as she hands the bowl of rolls to Sage. 
“My stock just tripled this morning,” she says with a smug little smile on her face.
“Didn’t it just do that two weeks ago?” Robert asks, surprise on his face.
Sage nods enthusiastically.
“You’re going to make more money than me this year, and you don’t even have a job,” Drake chuckles as he scoops a heaping pile of potatoes onto his plate.
“I may not have an official job yet, but I work hard for my money.”  She gives him a pointed look, but there’s a little smile on her face.
“When you rule the world someday, please forget about that time I pretended you were invisible for a week.”  Drake steels a look at her, looking rather sheepish.
“You were such an ass sometimes,” she says, the words coming out in a hard laugh.
“Sage!” Robin screeches.  “Language!”
“At least it was only a week for you,” Lake says around a mouthful of stuffing.  “It lasted two weeks for me.”
“Drake,” I say, my voice accusatory.  “You didn’t really do that, did you?”
“Oh, he did,” Robin says.  She passes along the tray of sliced turkey.  “And he got grounded for a month when I found out.”
“I didn’t think you were capable of that kind of mean-ness,” I say, my brows furrowing at him.
“He is an older brother,” Sage interjects.  “I’m pretty sure it’s his job.”
“See,” Drake says, raising his eyebrows.  “It was expected if nothing else.”
Everyone chuckles and continues passing food around the table.
Conversation unfolds around us, the atmosphere light and happy.  I laugh and talk, and feel totally normal.
Until Drake, who sits right next to me, slides his leg over so his thigh brushes mine.  His left hand slips under the table, resting on my thigh.
Sparks ignite in my body, setting me on edge in the very best way.
My eyes drop to his hand for a moment.  It sits right in the middle of my thigh.  Not quite close enough to my knee to just be friendly or supportive.  Not quite high enough to be possessive or assumptive.  
When I steel a little side look at him, he’s just talking to his dad, his eyes fixed on him.
It’s really hard to concentrate on the conversation I’m trying to have with Lake about the state championship coming up with Drake’s hand there.
It doesn’t leave for the rest of dinner.
When our plates have been relieved of their food, seconds and even a few thirds consumed, everyone lounges around the table, relaxed in their seats, talking about everything and nothing.
Maybe I’m being brave, or maybe I just can’t deny myself it any longer, but my hand ducks under the table and my fingers slide through Drake’s.
I steel another side look at him.  He’s talking with Sage and I see him falter for just a moment.  A smile that he’s trying really, really hard to suppress pulls at his lips.
“Okay, seriously,” Lake suddenly says.  “What is going on with you two?  Are you boyfriend, girlfriend again?  Did you two secretly elope already?  You’re living together or something?  What is up?”
All the McCain’s laugh, full-bellied and jovial.  
But every eye jumps to Drake and I.
“I think we’ve all been wondering the same thing,” Robin says.  She laces her fingers together, her elbows propped on the table, and rests her chin on her hands.  
“The suspense is killing me,” Sage says sarcastically.  
I can tell my cheeks are blushing red.  I look over at Drake and bite my lower lip, holding back an awkward smile.
“We, uh,” Drake stutters as he looks at me.  His eyes dance and are the brightest I’ve seen them in a long time.  He squeezes my hand under the table.  “We haven’t really talked about things yet.”
“Drake’s old room is down the hall, last door on the left,” Robin suddenly says.  “I want you two to go in there and don’t come out until you’ve talked things over.”
“Mom,” Drake says with a disbelieving laugh.  “We’re adults, we’ll talk when we’re ready.”
“You two were born ready,” she says with a knowing look.  “And considering everything that’s transpired I’ve let the two of you living together slide for now, but until you get this set the way it’s supposed to be, it’s gotta stop.  Now get out of my kitchen and go figure things out.  The pie will be ready when you two get back.”
I look around, embarrassed, to each of Drake’s siblings, and their looks tell me they know she’s dead serious.  Lake also looks ready to die of laughter the second we leave.
Drake gives a breathy, harsh laugh.  He shakes his head.  “Fine.  We’ll, uh, we’ll go talk.”
He stands, not letting my hand go, so I stand with him.  He starts leading us out of the kitchen.
“They’re holding hands!” Kale teases.  “Pretty sure that means something!”
“Oh hush,” Robin chides him, but I can hear the smile in her voice.  
Drake leads me down the hall, to the last door on the left.  We walk through the door and he closes it behind us.
The room isn’t really a bedroom anymore.  There is a twin sized bed pushed against one wall that has a blue and green plaid bedspread on it.  But there’s also a desk with a laptop and a ton of papers scattered across it.  Above that is a pin board with schedules and plays all over it.  There’s a row of filing cabinets along one wall.
“It’s not my bedroom anymore, obviously,” Drake says, letting go of my hand and stuffing his hands in his pockets.  “Dad uses this as his planning room.  I’d call it his office, but he just makes plays in here.”
I nod, feeling completely awkward knowing his entire family is just down the hall waiting to hear the outcome of this forced face to face.
“I’m really sorry about my family,” he says, a lopsided smile forming on his face.  “My mom can be a little…direct sometimes.”
“That’s an understatement,” I say with a breathy chuckle.  “But it’s okay.  I love your mom.”
“Yeah?” he asks, his eyes unsure.
“Yeah,” I say, a smile forming on my face.
He reaches a hand out, caressing my cheek.
“We have needed to talk,” he confesses.
“We have.”  My eyes drop to his lips and all I can think about is how I never got to know them quite well enough.
“I kind of just want to make out instead.”
And an explosive laugh erupts from my chest.
Drake’s face breaks into a huge grin and his chest shakes with a laugh.  I slap him across the shoulder, covering my mouth with a hand to contain the laugh I have no doubt his family heard.
“Stop it,” I say, my eyes watering I’m laughing so hard.  “This is serious.”
“I am serious,” he laughs again.  “But you’re right.  We do need to talk about things first.”
I bite my lower lip and shake my head at him.  He pulls his dad’s office chair from the desk and spins it around so he can sit.  I sink onto the bed, pinning my hands between my knees.
“So,” I say, all seriousness back, and now feeling super awkward.  I have no idea where to start.
“So,” he says.  He looks just as uncomfortable as I do.
I watch him for a long moment, while he studies his hands, which he rubs together.
“This is so simple and so complicated at the same time, isn’t it?” I say finally.  
Drake looks up at me.  “Yeah.  It is.”
“We’re both a little cracked,” I say, lacing my fingers together and squeezing tight.  “We’ve both gotten pretty messed up.  We both got a pretty hard slap across the face.”
“Yep,” he says.  His eyes slide down to his hands again.
“We’ve both grown up a whole lot in the past, what?  Seven weeks?”
“Something like that,” Drake says.  He laces his fingers together and looks back up at me.  “We’re not going to be quite the same people.  What we’ve been through, things like that change you.”
I nod.  It’s hard to hear, and it hurts, but it’s true.
“But one thing hasn’t changed,” he says and the tenderness in his voice brings my eyes back to his.  His eyes are intense and hesitant and open and free and scared and confident.  “How I feel about you hasn’t changed, Kaylee Ray.”
I hook my foot under his chair and start pulling him toward me.  The smile on his face grows bigger the closer he gets to me.
“Me and you,” I say as he leans forward.  His face is only five inches from mine.  “It was always me and you.  That never changed.”
Drake brings his hand to my face again, pressing his palm to my cheek.
“I love you, Kaylee,” he says quietly, but with absolute surety in his voice.
“I never stopped loving you, Drake.”
We both lean slightly forward, closing that small distance and our lips meet in the middle.
This is home.
This is everything I need and want, right here.
“I’ve been missing this so bad,” Drake says, pressing his forehead to mine and breathing the same air I do.
I bring my hands up to either side of his neck.  I take a deep breath, trying to calm back all the emotions I’ve been keeping reigned in for so long.  They want to erupt from me all at once.
“Me and you,” I say, opening my eyes to meet his.  “We’re together.  Always.”
He nods and presses his lips to mine just once.  “Forever.”  
The word is a promise.
A smile pulls at my lips.  “But,” I say, licking my lower lip.  “We have to establish a ground rule.  So we don’t end up in a mess again.”
“Anything,” he says.  I can see the hunger growing in his eyes and he’s not going to like what I’m going to say next.
“No sex,” I say around the tightness in my throat.  “That’s what got us into this wreck to start with.  So none of it until, well…we’ll see what happens.”
We may be here, we may be together, but I am not to where I can hope we will be back to those promises we made in the parking lot on a night so long ago.
“I know exactly what’s going to happen,” he says with intensity.  “But I agree.  No sex until then.”
“You’re okay with it?” I ask, my voice unsure.  I stare at him, scared and hopeful.
“Yeah,” he says with a chuckle.  His hands mirror mine, one on either side of my face.  “But seriously, let’s make out now.”
I laugh and pull his lips to mine.
Drake pushes himself out of the chair and presses me back into the bed.  His right hand goes to my hip and his own hips press into me.  His lips part the same time mine do and our lips move in perfect synchronization.  My hand knots in his hair and I grab a fist full of his shirt and pull him closer to me.
Our kisses are rough and tender, existing in the same breaths.  Adrenaline ramps up in my system, making All The Places in my body sensitive and excited.
I’m seeing stars and galaxies.  I am electric and heavenly.
Drake moves over me, his free hand wrapping around my back, lifting me nearly off the bed and up to mold against him.  His hips eagerly dig into mine, yet knowing that is as far as they can go.
“I love you,” I sigh into his mouth.  
Drake’s lips drop to my neck, igniting another emotion in me that makes the room spin.
 “I’ll never let anything come between us again,” he breathes.  “You’re mine forever.  Happily ever after.”
“Ever after Drake,” I say as a loopy smile forms on my face.  Drake’s lips return to mine.
A knock on the door makes both of us immediately freeze.  I am very aware that Drake did not lock the door.
“So, did we figure things out in there yet?” Robin’s voice cuts through the door.  “Everyone is ready for pie.”
“Mom!” Drake yells as we climb off each other.  “Seriously?”
“The suspense is killing me,” she says.  “Even though I know what’s going to happen.”
Drake pulls me to my feet.  I smile at the way his hair stands on end and one of his shirt tails is untucked.  He’s looking at the door in horror, completely unaware of what I’ve done do him.
“Come on,” I say, slipping my hand into his.  “Let’s go make this all official and stuff.”
Drake gives me a lopsided smile as I pull him forward toward the door.  I open it and am not one bit surprised when the entire family is standing outside.
“That didn’t take long,” Lake says as he raises an eyebrow when he takes in our disheveled state.
I glance back at Drake, who gives me a perfectly happy smile.  “McCain family, I’d like to re-introduce you to Kaylee Ray, my girlfriend.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

“Can we go buy a Christmas tree this afternoon?”
Both of us are breathing hard, panting into each other’s throats as Drake holds me pinned up against the shelves in the janitors closet.  I’m pretty sure that’s a mop handle that’s working its way between my butt cheeks.  Awkward.  But I honestly don’t care when Drake’s lips are enlightening my neck like that.
“It’ll have to go to your place,” I say as my fingers knot in his hair.  “There is no room at mine.”
“I really don’t like this not living together thing,” he says as his fingers work their way up my skirt, slipping over my thigh.
“We’re having a hard enough time keeping the rule not living together.”  My breath catches and my blood surges in my ears as his fingers brush the hem of my panties.  I should slap his hand away, but oh how I don’t want to.  “Bad things will happen—”
“I think I like bad things,” he growls into my chest.  I wore five inch heels today, so he can actually reach certain places on my body.
“But if you’re naughty Santa won’t bring you any presents in two weeks.”
“I’ve already got the best present,” he chuckles.  He bites the neckline of my shirt.
My eyes squeeze shut in protest as light suddenly floods the janitor’s closet and sears them.  I can only imagine the guilty expressions on our faces when Ben the janitor opens the closet.
“If you’re going to continue using my storage closet as your make out hideaway, maybe you should start hanging a tie on the door knob,” he says with a bored expression.  He reaches forward, grabs a roll of towels and a bottle of spray cleaner.  He then closes the closet, once again leaving us in the dark.
I melt down in laughter the second he closes the door.  One of my arms wraps around my stomach and the other hand covers my mouth.
“We’re so going to get fired,” Drake says, laughing with me as he wraps his arms around my waist.  He presses his lips to my cheek.
“So going to get fired,” I confirm as I press one quick kiss to his lips.  I take his hand in mine and open the closet just a sliver.  I peer out into the hall, checking for signs of life.
“I think we’re clear,” I whisper.
Drake yanks me back, spinning me and once again pressing into my body as his lips devour mine.
“Drake,” I laugh into his lips.  “We’re seriously going to get in trouble one of these days.”
“It’s been two weeks since we got back together and only half the school knows,” he says, kissing his way from the base of my ear to my collarbone.  “If we don’t do something extreme I fear the other half will never figure it out.”
“Well, I’d like to keep my job,” I say, placing my hands on his chest and giving him a gentle push.  It’s too dark to see it, but I can feel the smile I know is on his face.
Before he can tackle me in the dark again, I open the door and walk out.  I straighten my skirt and re-button the top button of my shirt.  I look over my shoulder at Drake as he follows me out.
His hair is sticking straight out on one side.  He buttons up his top three buttons and pulls his vest back on.
I give him a wink and head back for my classroom.
The bell for lunch rings halfway back to my classroom and the halls are flooded with students.  With the help of the heels, I’m not completely lost under the crowd.  I make it back to my classroom without being trampled.
“Where have you been?”
I’m halfway back to my desk when I jump at the unexpected voice behind me.
I turn to see Hannah standing just inside the door, her arms folded over her chest.  She’s trying to look all tough, but there’s a little smile pulling at one corner of her mouth.
“I, uh…” I struggle to come up with something.  Obviously I have to lie.  I would never tell a student what I’d just been doing during school hours.
“I knew it,” she says, the grin spreading on her face.  She takes five steps into the room and sits on top of one of the desks.  “I mean, the rumors have been spreading around school like wildfire, but I just knew it.  You and Mr. McCain are back together.”
“How do you know it?” I say, folding my arms over my own chest.
“That hickey on your neck is a pretty dead giveaway,” she says as she raises one eyebrow at me.
My hand automatically jumps to my neck.  “Oh my gosh,” I gasp in horror.  “Are you serious?”  I turn and dive for my purse, looking for a compact.
“And from the bright red state of it, I’d say it was given in the last few minutes,” she says smugly.  “You two have a secret make out spot in school, don’t you?  That’s equal parts disturbing and super romantic.”
“Hannah,” I say, looking up at her and giving her a stern look.  I start dabbing the hickey with cover-up.  “This isn’t something to glorify.  We…” I sigh.  “We shouldn’t be doing it at school.  What kind of example am I setting?”
“You’re setting me up for unrealistic expectations for when I start teaching down the road.”  She steps into the classroom, sinking down into a desk.
“You want to teach someday?” I ask, looking over at her from the tiny mirror.  It’s pretty obvious I’m trying to cover something up, but hopefully my hair will hide it well enough.
Hannah nods with a grin on her face.  “Weirdly enough, I actually like school.  And I like being in charge and having people listen to me.  Besides that, you’re pretty much the coolest woman I know, so I figured why not?”
A smile breaks onto my face and an appreciative chuckle bubbles out of my lips.
“She’s also the hottest.”
We both look back to the door to find Drake leaning in the frame.
Hannah gives a little squeal.  “I just can’t even stand how adorable you two are.”
Drake and I both laugh.
“Hey, I’ve actually come looking for you,” Drake says to Hannah.  “Could I talk to you for a minute?”
Hannah looks back at me, giving me a quizzical look.  But she just smiles, gives me a wink, and bounds over to him.  Drake flashes me a smile before the two of them leave.
What in the world is he up to?

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

It’s been a month and six days since my Mom died.  We finally hold a memorial.  It’s small.  We actually hold it at her work in their conference room.  She wasn’t exactly religious, so there’s no church to do it in.  But they made a good effort to make the room beautiful.  I provided a big framed picture of her.  People brought flowers.  
Everyone talks about her.  Most don’t have a ton to say.  My mother wasn’t a saint.  She wasn’t super boisterous in the personality department.  She hadn’t achieved anything phenomenal.  She was normal.  Just a woman trying to figure things out, just a woman going through life as best she could.
I’m the first to speak.  I tell about my childhood with her.  About living with my grandparents for a few years.  About cheap ice cream cones from the gas station.  About homework that was usually too hard for either of us.  I tell about our struggles and how she agreed to change her life.  I tell everyone how I loved and still love her.  
When I’m done, I sit next to Drake.  He takes my hand in his and holds it tight as people continue to talk about her.
A knot that I hadn’t realized was still there starts to loosen and relax as the memorial goes on.  There’s peace where once there was just anxiety.  I can forgive her for everything I thought she screwed up.  No one is perfect.  We all make mistakes.  We just have to remember to love the people who are only human.


CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

Something weird is going on.  Yes, school will be out tomorrow for Christmas break.  Yes, some students have taken off early to go to various destinations.
But as I make my way to my classroom, the halls seem too empty.  I was running fantastically late this morning since I’d overslept.  The bell will ring in about two minutes.  And there are about half of the students there should be.
And those that are milling about are dressed up.  Like, nicely dressed up.  Like in prom dresses, and suits.  
Have I missed something?  Is there some kind of dance right after school?  I can’t remember anything in the school newsletter.
“Taylor,” I say as I nudge him with my elbow as he’s about to pass.  He’s a senior in my second period Ancient World class.  “What’s going on?”
He just gives me this little smirk-smile thing and keeps walking down the hall without answering my question.
I give him a confused look over my shoulder as I continue down the hall.
I get to my classroom, stashing my stuff behind my desk and start writing out the lesson material we will be going over in World History.  The warning bell rings and I’ve nearly finished writing everything out when the tardy bell rings.
Not a single student of mine is in the classroom.
I pick up my phone to call down to the office when there’s a sudden scratching static sound coming from one of my drawers.
“A messenger and helper has been sent to your classroom,” a voice cuts through the metal drawer.  Drake.  I pull out the walkie-talkie he snuck under my desk so long ago.  “Please let her assist you and follow her with haste as soon as you’re ready.”
“What do you have planned, Mr. McCain?” I say into it.
“Something you’ll never forget,” he says.  “Over and out.”
The line goes dead.
And just when it does, Hannah appears in my doorway.
“Good morning, Miss Ray,” she says with the most ridiculous smile.
She’s wearing the same dress she wore to the drill team formal.  Her hair is done in perfect ringlets and she’s actually wearing sparkly heels.  And draped over her arm is a huge dress bag.
“Hannah,” I say, looking up at her from under my lashes as a smile forms in one corner of my mouth.  “What is going on?”
“Just the most amazing, romantic thing ever,” she says with a sigh as she walks into the classroom and shuts the door behind her.  “But I can’t say anything more or it will be ruined.”
“I don’t know if I like this,” I say, watching as she lays the dress bag across two desks.  “Where is my class?”
“You’ll find out soon,” she says.  With a dramatic sweep, she pulls the most fantastic dress I’ve ever seen from the bag.
It really is like a gown straight out of a princess movie.  It has a fitted sweetheart bodice, adorned in jewels and glitter.  The skirt is pure tulle and it is huge.  The entire thing is soft pink and looks like it was pulled right out of a cloud at sunrise.
My hands cover my mouth and a swarm of butterflies start a race in my stomach.  
“I’m here to help you get ready, Miss Ray,” Hannah says with glee in her voice.
My eyes jump up to her and a disbelieving chuckle erupts from my chest.
We spend a good thirty minutes getting me ready—for what exactly, I don’t know.  Hannah laces me up into the dress and she’s well prepared.  She whips out a curling iron and with a speed I didn’t know was possible, has my hair curled.  She also braids some of it up into a complicated up-do, letting the rest cascade down over my left shoulder.
“Do you approve?” she asks, holding up a mirror.
“It’s amazing,” I say, observing myself.  I’m practically glowing.  And I really do look like a princess.  “But seriously, what is going on?”
Hannah shakes her head.  “Nope, not spilling the secret.”  She crosses to my desk and grabs the walkie-talkie.  “Little Blue to Prince Charming, the pumpkin is leaving the cottage.”
“What?” I laugh, unable to hold back a smile.
Hannah just winks at me as Drake’s voice comes back over the radio.  “Copy that.  Operation Ever After is a go.”
The line goes quiet again.
“Right this way,” Hannah says.  She props the door open and holds a hand out into the hall dramatically.
I give her a hesitant look and take a step toward the door in the glittery heels she provided me.
The second I step out into the hall, string music starts softly playing.  I look up at the overhead speakers and give a laugh.
“What is going on?” I say to no one in particular.  Hannah just grins and loops my arm through hers.
She leads me down the hall, around the corner, and I finally figure out that we are headed for the main gym when the doors come in sight.
Someone with an artistic hand took huge rolls of brown paper and covered the doors, drawing on them to make them look like the doors to some grand castle.  Two senior boys stand beside them, both wearing suits.  When I get closer, they reach for the handles, and pull the doors open for me.
The music coming through the overhead speakers is overwhelmed by the actual high school orchestra picking up with a dramatic, dreamy song.  They are standing just to either side of the doors in the gym.
It takes my eyes a moment to adjust to the dim light, but when they do, tears prick at my eyes.
Waiting just inside for me, is Armando.  He wears a tailor fitted tuxcedo, and a smile that could outshine the sun.  He extends his arm, and I loop mine through his.
“Armie,” I say.  But my eyes have shifted to the rest of my surroundings and I don’t have any more words.
The gym has been transformed into a ballroom.  Some kind of Christmas light chandeliers have been hung from the basketball hoops.  Even more twinkle lights are strung all along the walls, they crisscross across the ceiling.  The entire space is sparkly and romantic.
And there must be nearly every student and teacher gathered in the gym.  The space is overflowing and packed with bodies.  Everyone is dressed beautifully, wearing gowns and suits.
Despite how crowded the room is, there is a perfectly clear path to the middle of the gym.
A huge smile starts forming on my face as my eyes look down the line.
There’s an archway of some sort set up in the center.  There’s greenery and flowers wound through it.  The biggest light chandelier of all hangs right over it.
And standing under all of that is Drake.
My feet pull me automatically toward him, Armando’s arm still around mine.  My smile grows bigger and bigger as I walk toward Drake, hundreds of eyes following me as we walk.
Drake’s gaze fixes on me and he can’t seem to contain his own grin as I approach.  He’s dressed in some kind of costume suit.  Tight white slacks and high black boots.  A red suit jacket with gold trim and buttons, and even the shoulder fringe things.  Dark blue cuffs and a golden sash goes over his right shoulder and loops over his left hip.  He looks like he just walked right off the page of a fairy tale.
Finally, I stop in front of him.  Armando presses a kiss my temple and walks to the edge of the crowd. 
“What is going on?” I say again through a laugh and an insanely huge smile.
“The greatest love story ever told,” he says.  He takes a step toward me, placing a hand on my cheek.  I bite my lower lip to keep my face from breaking with the world’s biggest smile.  
My eyes leave Drake for just a few moments and take the scene around us in once again.
There are so many familiar faces watching us.  I see Lake through the crowd not far away.  Mr. Scott smiles brightly.  Principal Riker shakes his head with a smile when I catch his eyes.
And then, back a ways; I see Robin, Robert, Sage, and Kale.  Robin is snapping pictures like crazy.  And standing just behind Armando is Dick and Skylar.
My eyes shift back to Drake.
His eyes are intense and bright and so full with the possibility of what is to come.
He lets go of my cheek and his hand slides down to mine.  And ever so slowly, he drops down to one knee.
All those emotions I’ve felt in the four months since I met this man well up inside of me.
“Kaylee,” he says.  His voice fills the huge space and not a breath competes with him.  “I think we both knew this moment was coming from the first time we met.  Me and you.  Always.  That was always the way it was meant to be.  We took a rocky road getting here, and I’m sure there will be more potholes along the way.”
My heart breaks out into a sprint and everything around us fades away.
“But I don’t want to do this thing called being a human being with anyone else.  I want you by my side, always.  I want to make a life and a home and babies with you.”
We both laugh at that, and the crowd does too.
“But right now I want to ask you a question,” he says, the smile on his face growing more serious.
Once again the room is dead silent.
And the smile on my face…
“Yes!” I squeal, barely able to keep from bouncing up and down on my toes.
Drake laughs, a smile over taking his face.  “You have to let me ask the question first.”
Everyone around us burst into laughter.
“Hurry up,” I say, hardly able to contain myself.
Drake just shakes his head and a lopsided smile takes over his face.  “Kaylee Ray, will you marry me?”
“Yes!” I shout the second the words leave his mouth.  My arms wrap around him as I throw myself at him, nearly sending us both to the ground.  My lips drop to Drakes and he kisses me long and hard as he stands, for a moment, lifting me clean off my feet.  As my toes once again touch the ground, I feel him reach into his pocket and draw something out.
I break away from his lips to see the box as he opens it.  He pulls out a ring and I hold my finger out.
It isn’t huge.  It’s quite simple actually, a white gold band with a row of diamonds embedded into it.  A bigger diamond sits in the middle, and on either side, two other slightly diamonds frame it.
It’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen.
I look up into Drake’s eyes, feeling as if I will explode into a million stars.  He smiles before his lips find their way to mine again.
And the room erupts.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN
SIX MONTHS LATER

Drake sets the box in the corner and wipes the sweat from his brow.  “That’s the last one.”
I pat the floor next to me.  He gives a little smile and sits beside me.
The house is four blocks from his parents and six from the high school.  It’s not very big.  Three bedrooms, two of which are tiny, and one bathroom.  The old hardwood floors will need to be refinished some time.  The yard needs the serious attention of a weed-whacker.  The mailbox is hanging from its post by just one nail.
But this house is ours.
“I can’t believe we have our own house,” Drake says as he looks around the living room.  There are boxes stacked everywhere.  I can’t even see the fireplace, there’s so much stuff everywhere.
“Pretty amazing, right?” I say with a satisfied smile as I look it over too.  There’s a crack in the wall by the fireplace, but the inspector insisted it wasn’t a foundation issue.  I kind of love that crack.  It reminds me of the past and everything we’ve overcome.
“Yeah,” Drake says, snaking an arm around my shoulders.  “It kind of is.”
It’s warm inside since it’s the middle of June.  School finished four days ago and we closed on this house two days ago.  It took us two months to find just the right house.  Something that felt right and seemed like home.  Somewhere where we were sure we wanted to raise our future kids.
“How are your feet feeling?” he asks, giving me a little squeeze.
I look up at him, placing a hand on his cheek and pressing a kiss to the other one.  “Toasty warm.”
“Not feeling like running off on me tomorrow?”
“You knew you didn’t even have to ask that question,” I say as I twist around, swinging one leg over the both of his, and straddling his lap.  I wrap my arms behind his head, nudging his nose with mine.
“I know,” he says with a little smile, gently pressing his lips to mine.
“Tomorrow,” I say wistfully as I look into his eyes.  “It’s felt forever away the past six months, and now here it is.”
“You still sleeping at Armando’s tonight?” he asks, wrapping his arms around my waist.  He looks very comfortable and relaxed.  
I nod.  I have an overnight bag in the car, along with everything I will need to get ready in the morning.  My dress is already at his condo.  And tomorrow Armando will walk me down the aisle.  “You staying in your old room?”
Drake nods.  “Dad cleared his stuff off the bed so I have somewhere to sleep.”
Which is important, since we both let our apartments go last week.  And we agreed neither of us would sleep in the house until we were married.
“Is Lake still leaving right after the wedding?” I ask, feeling my heart sink.
Drake bites his lower lip, his expression falling, and he nods.  “He heads for boot camp the next morning.”
“I wish I knew why he was doing this,” I say, shaking my head.
Lake has been different the last two months.  Where he used to be cocky and arrogant at times and always cracking a sarcastic joke, he’d been more serious.  He seemed darker, like something was weighing his mind down.  But he never talked about it.
And then three weeks ago he announced to the family that he’d joined the Marines.  The only reason he hadn’t left the second he got his diploma is our wedding.
He is Drake’s best man.
“Mom’s still pretty upset about it all,” Drake says.
“Can’t blame her,” I say with a sad smile.  She hadn’t handled the news well.  First she was angry.  And then she cried.  And then she was angry again.  Now’s she’s numb over it.
“Hopefully the wedding serves as a good distraction,” Drake says, pressing his lips to mine.
“I need to make sure I tell Sage thank you again,” I say to his lips.  “A barely graduated college student shouldn’t have the money to pay for our wedding already.”
“She said she wanted to give us the best ever wedding gift—the wedding,” he chuckles.  “Trust me, she can afford it.  She told me how much she made in stocks this year.”
I shake my head and chuckle.
The shadows stretch across the floor, the hour edging toward nine o’clock.
“We should be getting some sleep,” I say.  “We’ve got a big day tomorrow.”
“No one will care if I look like I didn’t get any sleep,” he says with a smile.  “They’re all going to be looking at you.”
“But while everyone is looking at me, I’ll be looking only at you,” I say with a kiss.
Drake’s hands run over my back, hugging me tight to him.  
That’s about all it takes to make the firecrackers go off in my blood.  Our lips meet at the same time and Drake uses his momentum to roll forward onto his knees for a moment, and then my back is flat against the floor.
One more day feels too damn long.
Drake’s lips trail to my neck.  I let my hands snake up under his shirt and slide over the toned muscles of his back.
“I know I technically can’t say this until tomorrow,” he says, his voice breathy as he looks down at me.  “But I love you, Mrs. McCain.”
“I like the sound of that,” I say quietly as I brush my fingertips over his cheek.  “And I love you too.”
A half hour later, we stand in the doorway, hand in hand.
I look over my shoulder, back into the house.  The next time we step foot inside it, it will be our house as husband and wife.  It will hold our future.  
This is the beginning of our fairy tale.
And I know we will live happily ever after.

KEARY TAYLOR grew up along the foothills of the Rocky Mountains where she started creating imaginary worlds and daring characters who always fell in love.  She now splits her time between a tiny island in the Pacific Northwest and Utah with her husband and their two children.  She continues to have an overactive imagination that frequently keeps her up at night.

Please visit www.KearyTaylor.com to learn more about her and her writing process.

CONNECT WITH KEARY ONLINE AT
FACEBOOK
TWITTER
KEARYTAYLOR.COM



