

The Winemaker’s Dilemma

(Avila Beach Winery series)

by

Jeanne Harrell



Copyright, 2014

Published on Smashwords

Formatted by eBooksMade4You



* * *

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

Smashwords Edition License Notes

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. Thank you for respecting the author's work.

* * *



Thank you for downloading my book!  I am happy that you have made it part of your library.
No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the author and/or publisher.  No part of this publication may be sold or hired, without written permission from the author.

Special thanks to my editor, Pam Kilrain.

Rancher Series
Rancher’s Girl
Whisperer
Always and Forever
Being Emma
The Darkest Hour

Other books by Jeanne Harrell
Riding the River
Persuaded
Transparency
Tinker, Taylor

http://www.jeanneharrell.com


* * *



Dedicated to the wonderful winemakers in California who strive hard to give us the best wines in the world….


* * *



TABLE OF CONTENTS

Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Epilogue
About the Author
Excerpt from Persuaded


* * *



PROLOGUE


Lightning shocked the ground by his feet.
He took a shaky step back, just as another bolt struck.
Falling backwards now, scared stiff… he scooted as fast as he could, but it was no use.
The lightning kept following him, sneering and taunting…

Bathed in sweat, he woke up.

He forced himself out of bed and took a walk down the beach to steady his nerves.  Drawing uneven breath, Scott felt the incoming tide wash over his bare feet again… and again.
But the harbor offered no relief to his troubles, as he stared blankly into the darkness.  The chilly water should have resurrected him, but … threatened instead to pull him under.
Usually the savior, water was now the enemy.
And an unbeatable one at that…


* * *



CHAPTER ONE


“Would you like to try the red or the white?”
Debra, Scott’s sister, was happily pouring wine tastings for the tourists that visited Granger Winery six days a week.  She was a pretty, vivacious brunette who enjoyed socializing and was good with the customers.
“Let’s start with white,” smiled Melissa.  “What do you think, Maria?”
Maria looked at her friend for a minute. “Do redheads prefer white wines?”
Melissa laughed at her. “Only if brunettes prefer reds…”
“Ha… Okay…Dumb question…” Maria looked at Debra.  “We’ll start with the whites and work our way through the list here.”
Debra laughed at them both. “You must be good friends.”
“Yep,” said Melissa. “…Ever since high school.”
“… She depends on my opinion and good taste,” added Maria. “Without me, her business would be a mess.” Melissa shook her head and waved her away.
“Oh? What’s your business?” Debra poured the first wine, a Pinot Grigio.
“I have a small event planning company in San Luis. I plan any kind of party – wedding, engagement, birthday, whatever…”
Melissa and Maria put their noses into the wineglasses and sniffed the poured wine.  Melissa took a sip to roll around her mouth, getting a preliminary taste.  They swallowed and nodded.
“This is terrific.”
“It’s our reserve white that won a blue ribbon in the last competition in San Francisco,” smiled Debra.
“Wow… Great taste,” commented Maria.
“This next wine is a Chardonnay.  It’s been in the oak barrel for nearly two years.” She poured and watched as they took tentative sips. “Your business sounds great.  Are you really busy right now?”
Maria’s head bobbed up and down, nearly spilling her wine.  “She’s always busy.”
“Why do you ask?” Melissa sipped the delicious Chardonnay with a smile. “I really like this one.”
Debra’s smile became bigger. “Good… My brother’s the winemaker and he’ll be thrilled you said that.”
“…That must be a big job,” said Melissa. “Has he always been your winemaker?”
“No. He’s been gradually taking over for Sam Taylor, who’s been here since my dad took over the winery from his dad.”  She looked over at her. “And I asked about your business because I just got engaged and I’d like some help with our engagement party.”
“Congratulations!” They both said at the same time…
The girls took a last sip of the Chardonnay pouring. Melissa poured the residue into a container on the counter.
“…Do you…”
“Hey Deb… I need to talk to you for a second.” Scott Granger walked in from the back of the winery wearing worn overalls and an old white tee shirt while shaking leaves out of his hair.  They all turned when they heard him.  Debra took one look and started laughing.  When Scott glanced around and saw she was with customers, he immediately stepped back.
“Nice, Scott,” Debra laughed. “I just cleaned up from the last time you came up front.”
He shyly smiled at the two women he had almost bumped into and reached out a hand. “Scott Granger…”
“The brother I mentioned.”
He shook Maria’s hand. “Nice to meet you.”
“…Maria and likewise.” Maria gave him a cursory once-over and liked what she saw…Muscles, messy dark blonde hair, deep blue eyes.  Yummy…

Turning to shake Melissa’s hand, Scott stood still and held on a little longer than was necessary while staring at her.
“Melissa…”
“I think we’ve met.”
She raised an eyebrow. “I think you’re right. A class at Cal Poly maybe?”
“…Yeah…English?”
She laughed. “Probably. I never worked so hard…”
“Me either. All the writing, sharing and critiquing drove me nuts.” He hadn’t let go of her hand yet. Debra noticed and so did Maria – They glanced at each other mischievously.
Scott and Melissa gazed at one another.
Handsome guy…Look at those blue eyes and chiseled chin…Tousled sun-streaked hair…
Beautiful woman…How come I never asked her out? Prettiest auburn hair and green eyes… Man, oh man…
Debra cleared her throat and Scott dropped Melissa’s hand.
“You…ahem…wanted to talk to me, Scott?” smirked Debra.
“…Ah…right…” Scott took a step back. “Could I see you a moment?” He glanced at Melissa and Maria. “Ladies, if you’ll excuse me.”
He and Debra walked into the next room that contained all the huge oak barrels of aging wines. Maria turned to Melissa with a sly expression.
“What was that?”
“What was what?”
“Don’t be coy with me, missy. That guy…”
“…What about him?”
Maria rolled her eyes. “Do you mean to tell me that you didn’t feel any sparks there?”
It was Melissa’s turn to roll her eyes. “Maria, you’re making way too much of a casual encounter. We took a class together at Poly, that’s all.”
“Casual, my eyeballs… That guy has the hots for you. I got singed by those sparks myself and they weren’t even flying my way.”
“Shh… They’re coming back.”
Debra frowned as she returned to her pouring.
“Trouble?” asked Maria.
Debra took a good look at the women in front of her.  They were the only customers in the tasting room at the moment and seemed like nice people.  She decided to confide in them.
“My brother’s upset.”
“Why?” asked Melissa. One look at Debra’s downcast eyes and she backtracked immediately. “Sorry, it’s none of my business.”
“… No, it’s fine.  It’s just that…” She trailed off and began pouring a new wine. Debra cleared her throat. “This is our award winning Sauvignon Blanc.”
Maria and Melissa took sips and then looked at Debra. “…It’s just what?”
Debra put down the wine bottle and her eyes were serious.
“He and my dad are constantly at odds about this new grape my brother wants to grow.”
“What’s the problem?” asked Melissa.
“It’s a new variety of drought tolerant grape and my dad says it’s a waste of time and land for experimenting.  My brother has been researching different grapes for some time and says it’s time to take a chance at a new grape.”
“California’s in that much of a drought?” Maria took a sip of her wine and raised approving eyebrows.
Melissa frowned at her.  “Watch the news much?”
“…Um…”
“…It’s big time and for a while now,” replied Debra.  She shook her head. “But you’re not here to listen to my family’s tale of woe…”
“Let’s buy a bottle of this terrific Sauvignon Blanc and sit out in the back,” suggested Melissa. “We’ll listen… you talk.”  Maria nodded.
Behind the winery grew an acre of grapes.  Twisting vines draped themselves on low wooden fences arranged in short rows.  Tucked into the light green grapes, was a neat sitting area with chairs and picnic tables. A small creek ran along one side with huge trees providing a shady canopy for customers to sit and relax.  For an added bonus, colorful peacocks roamed the area either dragging their beautiful blue and green tail feathers behind them or occasionally spreading them like enormous fans to delight onlookers.  Maria, Debra and Melissa settled in a few chairs and watched the peacocks stroll haughtily by.
“Thanks. I guess I have a few minutes,” said Debra.  “My sister, Sue, is there if more customers show up.”
“First, tell us about the drought,” asked Melissa. “I know California has been in one for several years now, but how is that affecting the wineries?”
Debra sadly shook her head. “It’s bad. There are probably too many vineyards in the central coastal area and up in the north county, and not enough water to go around.  The wineries are pitted against homeowners for water usage.”
“Wow…”
“My dad has been buying our grapes from a vineyard up north in Paso Robles for some time now, but there’s some kind of problem with the irrigation flow -- They’re threatening to cut off water to our grapes and it could be devastating for our winery.”
“Can’t you buy your grapes somewhere else?” asked Maria.
“Sure, but not when we’re so close to harvest. Besides, those negotiations take a while – it’s just not the time… We’re stuck.”
Melissa thought about that for a minute.
“… Is that what your brother was upset about?”
She nodded and took a sip of her wine. “That and the ongoing battle with my dad.”
“What battle?”
“We own several acres south of here in Arroyo Grande where Scott wants to grow his new grape. My grandfather used to grow grapes there, but for the past few decades, Dad has leased it out to a flower grower.”
“Your dad doesn’t approve of Scott growing his own grapes?”
“No. It’s an expensive outlay of cash for plants and equipment. Dad’s afraid of change, I guess, and Scott’s idea is pretty radical.  Cash flow is an ongoing problem with most wineries, especially those just starting up.  Dad thinks Scott’s grape will sink us.”
Melissa sat back in her chair and blew out a breath. “Wow…I had no idea there was so much going on behind-the-scenes at a winery. The place is so pastoral and idyllic…”
“…So Scott was complaining to you?” she asked.
“Right. He just needs to blow off steam from time to time.  With Dad so negative about his project, Scott loses his confidence sometimes and needs backing up.” She gave a short laugh. “…I’m his occasional sounding board.”
“…Well…” Melissa was already started to think about their dilemma.
“…Enough about our problems,” smiled Debra. “Let’s talk about my engagement party instead.”
Debra hired Melissa on the spot to plan her party and that occupied the rest of their time. When Debra stood to go back to work, Melissa was scheduled to come back the following day to discuss party details.  After she’d gone, Melissa and Maria just looked at one another.
“Jeez, what a mess…”
“You can say that again,” commented Melissa. “I had no idea.”
“Still,” smiled Maria, “the brother is very cute…”
She grinned back at her. “…Yes, very, but I plan to keep myself busy and out of harm’s way.  Besides, it almost never works to get involved with a client.”
“…Almost…” Maria laughed. “Going to their home tomorrow?  Good luck.”
“I’m just meeting Debra and her fiancé.  It’ll be fine… Her brother will be at work.”
“…Maybe…” Maria raised an eyebrow at her.
And maybe not… This could get interesting…


* * *



CHAPTER TWO


The next day, Melissa looked out the balcony of her apartment in San Luis Obispo. She lived on the edge of a golf course and enjoyed watching golfers hit their balls down the fairway, into the sand traps and in the water.  Lots of interesting comments were always made especially when a golfer hit a water shot… Neighborhood cats would run on and off the course both delighting and irritating the golfers.
She’d moved to San Luis with her parents as a teenager.  After attending the university, she’d decided to start up her own business with Maria prodding her.  She had begun by hosting a few events for her sorority and they’d been successful, popular.  With Maria pointing out that she could do this professionally, Melissa had borrowed a little start-up money from her parents and worked out a business plan.  When her father, a lawyer, told her the plan looked pretty good, she dived into the events planning business with both feet and a do-or-die attitude.  It had served her well…
The first few years had been scary and difficult trying to get the swing of how a business actually worked, but the last few years had been really great.  She’d grown more comfortable with the process and had always enjoyed the creativity of doing what she loved.  Her events planning business was becoming more successful every year.
Maria and Melissa had been neighbors for a few years now.  Maria was a beautiful Hispanic woman with a large family living down in the small town of Grover Beach, a few miles further south on 101.  They tried persistently to keep in touch with her, inviting her to family functions and being phenomenally interested in knowing why she wasn’t married yet.  Melissa had been to a few of those family functions and admired the skill Maria used in fending them off and keeping them relatively uninformed…  They only had Maria’s best interests at heart, but Maria didn’t consider herself marriage-material – at this time…
Melissa had been on the listening end of quite a few discussions about why Maria hadn’t married yet.  Finding the right guy wasn’t an easy proposition that Melissa knew for a fact.
She’d been dating Phil, a computer technician, for a few months now and was moderately happy with him.  She wasn’t unhappy, but that wasn’t exactly the same thing as being happy, was it?  Being just barely good enough left her feeling a bit wanting…Unsatisfied.  He traveled a great deal for his job and had left for L.A. a few days ago. Before he left, Phil and Melissa had had a heart-to-heart about seeing other people.  She wasn’t setting his heart afire either, apparently…
Gathering her invitation and paper samples, plus a notebook, Melissa put everything into her briefcase and headed out to her car. She was currently between events and had some time to talk with a new client.  She drove Highway 101 south from San Luis Obispo down to Avila Beach – Turning onto the highway off-ramp, she turned again after a few miles to drive into a grove of tall trees and bushes.  Going down the only lane in Cay Canyon, the trees provided an enormous leafy canopy for man or beast… It was a picturesque, rural setting.
Arriving shortly at Granger Winery, she went around back to the family home, as Debra had instructed.  Melissa was all set to discuss the details of the engagement party – This was the really fun part of her job, where she and the client tossed around ideas and finally settled on what she would be doing next.  It was a creative job and she loved it.
The lovely ranch style home was located a few steps from the winery, next to a small creek that wound its way through Cay Canyon.  Debra had wanted to have the engagement party at the winery, out in the back area where Melissa and Maria had shared a glass of wine with Debra the day before.  Sitting in the Granger living room, Debra and Melissa were going over some of the many details.
“Sorry you missed my fiancé today, Melissa, but Mark had to get back to Nevada.”
“What does he do there?”
“He has a ranch around Reno where we’re going to live.”
Melissa’s eyes widened.  “You’re moving away from Avila Beach?”
“Yes, but we’ll come visit often – Dad’s insisting.”
“So…you’re marrying a cowboy…” Melissa raised an eyebrow at her.  Debra giggled…
“…A very cute cowboy…” They smiled at each other.
“…Back to our details… I think that pretty much sums up everything that I needed to know.  The where, how and when information pieces – Now I can get to work organizing everything.”
“Sounds great.”
“I’ll get the invitations that you chose ordered tomorrow and they’ll be in the mail early next week.”
“Since my family’s winery will be supplying the wine for party, do you want to speak to my brother about that?”
Melissa shrugged. “…Or anyone else.”
Debra gave her a coy look. “Don’t want to meet Scott again? Is that it?”
“No, no…Of course not. But couldn’t I just arrange the wine details with you or your sister?”
“Sure, but it would be more fun with Scott.” A broad smile swept her face.
Melissa couldn’t help grinning back while shaking her head. “Listen, Debra. I have a man that I’m sort of seeing and I’m sure Scott wouldn’t like you meddling with his love life either.”
“Scott is sort of seeing someone too, but she’s all wrong for him.”
“… Isn’t that his decision to make?”
Debra shook her head. “His mind is so churned up with the winery problems that he’s not seeing things clearly.”
“Great… So you want me to get involved with a guy who’s really confused?” Melissa laughed out loud. “Sounds like a smart thing for me to avoid.”
“Please, Melissa…He’s out in the vineyard right now, clipping and trimming. Just go out and ask him to help you with ordering and delivering the wine for my party.  Please?”  She threaded her hands in front as if she were praying.
Melissa rolled her eyes up and away from Debra.
“What I do to serve the client…”
Debra beamed.  “Good!  I’ll see you later.”


* * *



CHAPTER THREE


She found him in the midst of the vines holding a small device to his eyes, looking up into the sun, obviously checking something.  His messy blonde hair had more leaves in it and the back of his jeans were torn and dirty.  He heard her come up behind him and turned around, eyes wary.
“I’m really sorry to bother you, Mr. Granger, but your sister sent me back here to talk with you.”
He snorted.  “… I know why Debra sent you back here.”
“You do?”
“Yeah…She hates the woman I’ve been seeing occasionally and seems determined to point me in another direction.”  He continued staring at her. “You’re very attractive, which makes you a possible candidate for redirection…”
Her mouth dropped open and her eyes blazed.  She straightened her back and stuck out her chin. Who does he think he is?
“It is certainly NOT my intention to throw myself at you, Mr. Granger.  I just wanted to discuss the wine order for Debra’s party.  I can see I’ve caught you at a bad time.  Fine.  I’ll go…” She turned but Scott reached out to touch her arm.
“Sorry… sorry… That was presumptuous and rude of me.  I’m just in a bit of a mood these days… Please stay… You…you can discuss the details with me.  I’ll behave…” He indicated a small campstool by a nearby vine. “Please… Have a seat and call me Scott.”
She thought about that for a minute and walked over to perch hesitantly on the chair. Pushing the hair back that had fallen in her face during her huff, he seemed contrite when she glanced over at him.  She relented… a bit.  Leaning back, loose vines around her shifted and fell around her feet.  A faint smell of roses was in the air as he looked at her expectantly.  A dragonfly flew quickly by her face… and then he was looking into that gadget again, a small grayish-black cylinder.
“What’s that?”
“This is a refractometer.  It measures the amount of sugar in the grapes and gives me a fair idea of maturity.  See? I squished a grape and laid it right in there.”  He leaned down to show her the refractometer and she caught a whiff of a subtle aftershave mixed with overt maleness.  She caught her breath and leaned back quickly.
“…Maturity?”
“Yes, whether the grapes are ready to harvest.”
Curiosity got the better of her and she decided to ask a more personal question.
“Debra mentioned in passing that you were considering a new kind of grape.  What is it?” Scott looked over at her.  What did she read on his handsome face?  Uncertainty? Anger?  Whatever emotion swept his face gave her pause.  “I’m sorry… That was really none of my business.”  She pulled out her notebook.  “Now about the engagement party…”
“No…no, it’s fine.  I was just standing out here thinking things over. I may have to look for another job.”
She gasped. “Why? Why would you want to do that?”
His serious blue eyes slid away.  “No guts, I guess.”
“Can you give me a clue here? I don’t know what’s going on.”
“…Do you really want to know?”
She looked deeply into those troubled eyes. “…If you’d like to tell me.”
He shrugged.  “It’s probably common knowledge by now anyway.  The basic facts are that I want to try a new variety of grape – a drought tolerant one.  Because of that, I’m locked into a never-ending argument with my father. We also have severe water problems with our current crop up north.” He glanced over to check her reaction. “I guess when it rains, it pours.”
She smiled slightly. “Not in this case…”
When he frowned, she felt chastened. “Sorry…Terrible joke. Please…go on.”
“I’m not sure what to do.  Maybe I’ve just run my course with winemaking.”
“Wow… I didn’t realize that there was so much drama inside a working winery.”
“…Yep. ‘Fraid so…”
She smiled at him.
“You’re so upfront about your difficulties here,” she said admiringly.
“Well,” he gave a short dark laugh, “I may never see you again anyway, if I take off soon.”
“Is it really that bad?”
“Oh, yeah.”
“… Where would you go?”
He spoke to some vines hanging by her arm. “…Not sure.”
She put away the notebook and stood up next to him.  For some inexplicable reason, it was important that she listen to him.  He was hurting… He looked over at her and then away.
“…Go ahead and talk.  My tape recorder is turned off and I promise not to spill the beans to anyone.”
“…Tape recorder?”
“Just kidding…”
He paused and gazed out over the vines.
“Where to start?”
“Tell me about this new grape.”
He relaxed, blew out a breath and seemed more comfortable with the subject.  His eyes softened at her and he stuck the refractometer in his pocket.
“I’ve been researching this grape for a few years now.  With California’s continually warming climate and water problems, it’s time for a change.  This grape is a varietal called Barbera that’s drought resistant.”
“What’s that mean?”
“The grape can withstand long periods of time without huge quantities of water.  They like it dry, in other words.  Since California always seems to be in some kind of water dilemma or another, the new research shows that this new grape, and others like it, may be the way of the future.”
“It does seem like a good idea…”
He snorted. “Too bad my father doesn’t agree with you.  We’ve argued long and hard about this.”
“…Why doesn’t he like the idea?”
“It’s a radical new approach to start with… That scares him.  It’s not a well-known varietal, which is a big part of the problem.  We’d need to do some serious marketing for it.  Then there’s the cash outlay to purchase the new plants – They’re not cheap.”
“What else?”
“We have some acreage down south of here where I can plant, but Dad won’t budge.  He just wants to continue purchasing our grapes.  His dad, my grandfather, about lost his shirt trying to grow his own grapes and do wine production too.  So that frightens him and he thinks we’re going backwards.”
“…But you think you can do it better than your grandfather?”
“I know it.” He backtracked. “…Well…on my confident days I know it.  On my down days, I’m not sure if I can tie my shoes.”
She glanced down at his feet and smirked. “Since I’ve only seen you in boots, that shouldn’t be a problem.”
Scott grinned at her. “You might be the boost I need.”
“Thanks.”
Together they looked out into the small vineyard with its leafy twisted vines, large clumps of moist hanging grapes and the ever-present peacocks wandering through the rows.  The day was clear and so was his distress.  Melissa knit her brows and crossed her arms.  She chewed on her bottom lip for a minute and then brightened.  She reached over to touch his arm.
“What do you need right now to get started?”
“My dad’s permission, then cash to buy the plants.”
“After that, you need some kind of marketing to help launch the new wine, correct?”
“…Definitely.”
She thought some more.
“Hmmm… Who can help you…” She tapped her chin with a finger.
“…Wait,” he interrupted, turning to her. “Why are you still listening to my bellyaching?  You surely must have better things to do.” He looked deeply into her eyes.  “Aren’t you supposed to be talking to me about the wine for Deb’s party?”
“Sure, but we can always come back to that.  This is what’s bothering you, right?” He nodded. “Then this is what we’re going to discuss.”
“Bossy, aren’t you?” He grinned.
“Nope…I’m a problem-solver.”
“Really, but…”
“You wouldn’t believe the types of problems that come up in event planning.  I’ve had to deal with all sorts of extremely weird suggestions.”
“Like what?”
“… Once a lady wanted to tips cows at her birthday party.” He laughed. “I actually talked a farmer into letting me arrange something at his farm… That was hilarious!  Another time a woman wanted to recreate a scene from ‘The Birds’ by Alfred Hitchcock for a shower, if you can believe that one.”  They laughed together this time. “I still have scary flashbacks about big black birds.”  She shuddered.
“All right.  You’ve proven you have the fortitude and the creativity.”
“So…” she encouraged, “tell me who can help you with your dad.”
Scott’s brows dipped and he frowned in thought.  She’d noticed that he had these cute little crinkly lines around his eyes when he smiled, so she waited for his smile to return.
“Probably the best resource for that right now would be the retiring winemaker, Sam Taylor.  Dad trusts him more than anyone else.”
“Okay, how about…”
“Sorry, Miss Fix-it, but Sam’s not on my side either.”
“…Could he be?”
His eyes widened and he was looking within, not at her.  Suddenly, he brightened as if the electricity had been turned on.  “You know, I’ve never actually tried to explain my position to him…I mean…fully.”
She pounced. “Then that may be the best place to start.  How long does it take to go from grapes on the vine to wine in the bottle?”
He rubbed his forehead. “...One year if your vines are already mature, two years if they’re new vines.”
“Okay.  That’s your first step. Go talk to Sam and convince him to help with your father.  Then we’ll discuss step two: investing.  And step three will be advertising… Two years from now, you’ll be bottling your new wine and everyone will be drinking it.”
She was pleased when his smile returned along with those cute little crinkly lines.  “If I am, I’m going to name the new wine Melissa.”
Melissa blushed. “Ha… What would your girlfriend say?”
He smiled shyly.  “First, she’s not my girlfriend and second, I’ve never even discussed this with her.  What is it about you that makes me want to spill my guts?”
She laughed. “…I’m really nosy.”
“Maybe you’re a good listener… Thanks, I guess I needed to talk.”
“So…” She gathered up her materials.
“…So?” He raised an eyebrow.
“Will you call Sam soon?”
“Are you trying to arrange Deb’s party or my life?”
“Both…”
“All right, I’ll call him if…” She waited for him to finish.
“…If what?”
“If I can call you afterwards and discuss it with you…”
Pause…
“I…I’m just trying to help – honestly… I’m really not trying to insert myself into your life.”
He doubled up laughing this time. “…Hard to believe, but okay, if you say so.”  And at her quizzical look… “And I will be calling you…”
She picked up her notebook, opened it and said hesitantly, “All right.”
“… Miss Fix-It?”
“Yes…”
“Thank you.”
“You can thank me when Sam agrees to help you.”
“If he does, will you go out to dinner with me?”
“…What about the almost girlfriend?  Won’t she mind?”
“We’re not exclusive.  It’s an if-there’s-no-one-else-to-go-out-with type of deal…”
She laughed and smoothed her hair.  “Yessss…” She glanced up at him while she clicked her pen and opened her notebook.  “Can we discuss Debra’s engagement party now?”
His grin lit up his face. “Yes, ma’am.”


* * *



CHAPTER FOUR


Scott and Tyler were drinking beer down at the local pub in Avila Beach.  They’d gone to high school and college together and were close buddies. Tyler was a winemaker at another winery down in Arroyo Grande.  A tall man with wavy brown hair, Tyler had a twinkle in his eye and was currently scoping out the ladies.
“There’s a nice one, Scott.   Whaddya think?”  Tyler took a pull of his beer and tilted his head towards a pretty brunette sitting across the room with her friend.
Scott glanced over.  “Cute…” He drank more of his beer and looked out the window, up the street.
“What? That’s it? That’s all you have to say?”
“About what?”
“Scott. What’s with you? That’s a seriously cute honey.”
“…Yeah…” Scott looked the other way up the street.
“Who are you looking for?”
“No one…”
Tyler knew better.  He watched Scott for a minute to see what he’d do. Scott got up to get two more beers, but also went outside to look around before coming back over to where he and Tyler were sitting.
“Okay.  Give… What’s up with you?”
Scott put a bottle down in front of Tyler and raised his eyebrows.
“… What?”
“Hello… Scott… Anyone home?” He waved a hand in front of Scott’s face.   “I’ve been talking to you for ten minutes.  Have you heard a word I’ve said?”
Scott laughed at him.  “Sure…Sure… Some honey… somewhere.”
Tyler tried again.  “Is this about Michelle?”
Scott winced. “Hell, no.”
“You broke up?”
“There wasn’t anything to break up.  We just dated a few times – nothing serious.”
“So you’re not seeing her anymore.”
Scott raised a bottle to his lips.  “Nope…”
“Then who are you looking for?”
The bottle stayed midair as Scott’s eyes slid over to Tyler.  He took a quick sip and put the bottle down a little too hard.  It fell over – Scott hurriedly tried to right it and then soak up the spilled liquid with a few napkins.
Tyler’s eyes widened and a big smile broke out on his face.
“…Yes?”
“I’m not looking for anyone…”
“Ha.  Try another lie.”
“Okay…”
“Okay, what?”
“… I did kinda meet someone.”
“Who would this someone be?”
“A party planner that Deb hired to plan her engagement party.” He looked off in another direction.
“… Would the party planner have a name?”
Scott took another pull of his beer. “Maybe…”
Tyler burst out laughing.  “Oh, come on, Scott.  I’ve known all your ladies for ten years or more.  Do you seriously think you can hold out on me now?”
Scott wearily shook his head.  “Oh, all right already… Get a grip.  Her name’s Melissa Meyers and she lives in San Luis.  She came by the winery to talk about the party and Deb, of course, sent her out to the vineyard to talk to me.”
“Yeah, that sounds like your sister.”
“Anyway, we just got talking and she’s a real firecracker.  Had all kinds of great ideas to help me with a few things.  I really liked her, that’s all…”
“That’s all? I haven’t seen you this excited about a woman…in forever.  Is she coming down here tonight?”
Scott looked sheepish.  “I did kinda mention that we’d have a drink here about this time.  I just thought that maybe…”
“You invited a woman to join us? Seriously, bro… All right…”
They looked at each other and laughed.  “She probably won’t show up anyway…”
“Stop with the negative shit.  What does she look like? I’ll help you look.”
He smiled at Tyler. “Very pretty… And this tall…” He put a hand out to his chin. “Shoulder length auburn hair and gorgeous green eyes.”
Tyler whistled appreciatively.  “Good going, Scott.  Sounds like a hottie…”
“Definitely…”

* * *

“Tell me again what we’re doing…”
Melissa was driving her little Ford Focus to Avila Beach with Maria and she hadn’t really spelled out why.  The highway traffic was light and she wasn’t stuck behind a slow-moving truck or RV, for a change.
“Ah…”
“I could use a few more specifics.  This has set-up written all over it.”
Melissa crossed her heart.  “I promise – No set-ups...”
Maria shook her head. “I still don’t get it.”
“…Okay.”  Melissa blew out a breath.  “I met with Debra Granger’s brother today and he kinda… sorta… invited me out for a drink tonight.”
“Scott Granger asked you out?”
She nodded.
“Then what am I doing?  Acting as your chaperone?”
She laughed and shook her head.  “No, he’ll be there with his friend, Tyler.  Besides, it’s more of a business meeting.” She glanced over to see how Maria was taking it.
“Nope… Don’t buy that at all, but tell me about the friend.  I’m between guys and may enjoy a set-up after all.”
Melissa shrugged.  “No idea.  Sorry.”
“Huh…” Maria checked out her lipstick in the car mirror and fluffed her pretty black hair.  “Might as well be prepared.”
Melissa turned onto the Avila Beach off-ramp and drove the few miles to the town.  She pulled into the beachfront area and spotted the pub where they were meeting.  Parking in a space by the front, she turned off the ignition and moved the mirror around to check her lipstick too.
“…Thought you weren’t interested.”
“I’m not, but it pays to look nice...”
“How does that pay?”
“You know… just in case.”
Maria was grinning now. “… In case of what?”
“Oh, for Pete’s sake, Maria.  Just get out of the damn car.”  Melissa jerked open the car door and slammed it shut just as she heard Maria’s quick laugh.
Tyler looked towards the door as Melissa and Maria walked in.  He elbowed Scott.  “I get the dark-haired beauty…”
“Good, because I already called the redhead,” laughed Scott.
The smiling men stood up at their table and Scott waved them over.  Melissa headed over their way…
First impressions.
Wow…
Lustrous black hair…
Sparkling green eyes…
Oooo… smell that aftershave…
Gorgeous guys…


* * *



CHAPTER FIVE


 “Hi, Scott,” smiled Melissa.  “Remember my friend, Maria?”
“Melissa…” He smiled back. “Glad you could make it.”  He looked from one to the other.  “Maria, nice to see you again.”
“My pleasure.”
“…Ahem…” Tyler was looking rather put out.
“Yeah, sorry… Ladies, this is Tyler.”
Tyler took off his baseball cap and ran a hand through his wavy brown hair.  He nodded. “Melissa, Maria. Good to meet you.”
“Tyler…” They nodded back at him.
“Mucho gusto,” breathed Maria. Tyler blinked in response with widening eyes.
“…Ah…”
“And that’s all talkative Tyler has to say on that subject,” laughed Scott.
The girls smiled at him and joined the guys at their table.  Sitting boy-girl, boy-girl, hopefully, everyone would be happy.  With smiles and a few nervous laughs, Scott began.
“…So what will you have, Melissa?”
“A glass of a good local Chardonnay would be nice,” she grinned.
“Ha.  Not at this place.  Our wine costs a bit more than they want to pay for pub wine.”
“I’ll take my chances.”
“Maria?” asked Tyler.
“A margarita would be great.”
Tyler went to the bar to order the drinks while Scott glanced at Melissa.  She looked almost as nervous as he felt.  Hmmm… What did that mean?  Maria glanced after Tyler while Scott and Melissa shared a look.  He cleared his throat.
“…How’s the planning going for Deb’s party?” That seemed a safe opening topic.
“Pretty well, I think.  The invitations have been ordered and I’ll get them out next week.  We’re thinking about decorations for the venue and will be buying those next.”
“…Venue?”
She smiled. “The back part of Granger Winery with the neat tables and haughty peacocks.  We’ll need to close it for one afternoon.”
He smiled back.  “Sounds like a great location.”
“Will Mark make it back for the party?”
“…Probably.  Deb wants him there, so he’ll be there, if he knows what’s good for him.”  They laughed together.
“She does seem to be pretty sure of what she wants.”
“That’s putting it mildly.”
Tyler came back with the drinks then, setting Maria’s margarita in front of her first.  “I hope you like this, Maria. If you don’t, we can go yell at the bartender together.” He grinned.  “… Guy’s a friend of mine.”
Maria smiled sweetly at him and took a small sip.  “…Not bad.  We don’t need to ruin his day…” Tyler smiled back at her while Melissa refrained from rolling her eyes.
They talked companionably for close to an hour.  Scott glanced at his watch.
“Do you and Maria have dinner plans?”
Maria brightened until Melissa nodded her head.  Then her smile faded as she looked questioningly at Melissa.  “… We do.  I’m meeting a client in San Luis, so we probably should be going.”  Tyler looked disappointed while Scott absently picked at the label on his beer bottle.
“… That’s too bad. I was hoping we could buy you dinner.”
“Maybe some other time.  Besides,” she looked sharply at him, “You haven’t spoken to Sam yet, have you?” He glanced up at her.
“No… not yet.”
“We can have dinner when he says he’ll help you.”
“… Melissa…”
“Nope, that’s the deal, Scott.”
She looked over at Maria who was still frowning.  “Well, this has been fun.  I think I’ll just visit the restroom and then we’ll take off.”
When Melissa had left, Scott blew out a frustrated breath.  “I guess I’m not impressing her very much… Maria?”
Maria was shaking her head.  “She’s a bit pissy, that one.  Melissa will give as good as she gets, but she’s keeping on her professional hat.  She considers you the client right now – sort of.”  She smiled at Tyler.  “…But you’re not.”
Grinning, Tyler moved a bit closer.  “Any chance I could call you sometime, Maria?  Maybe we could have dinner soon, even if they can’t.  How about it?”
She raised an eyebrow and gave him a coy smile.  “I didn’t bring any business cards with me… Got a pen?”
Of course, no one had one, so Tyler got a pen from the bar.  Maria finished writing her name and phone number on a cocktail napkin when Melissa returned.
“Now if I wrote that down for nothing, I’m not going to be happy with you, Tyler.”
“Yes, ma’am.  I understand… What time tonight could I call you?”
“Eight o’clock should be fine.”
“… On the dot.” They smiled happily at one another.  Scott and Melissa just stared – He was envious of Tyler and Melissa was ticked at Maria.  She was going to yell at her in the car.


* * *



CHAPTER SIX


Sam Taylor had a grizzled look about him, as if he were some kind of mountain man, instead of retiring winemaker, complete with shaggy gray hair and weather-beaten face.  The lines were deep on his forehead and his mustache was in serious need of trimming.  His eyebrows resembled dark caterpillars unsure if they wanted to stay or go.  But his piercing brown eyes burned into Scott who felt like he was roasting on a spit… Too. Warm.
His lanky frame sloped off his chair in the restaurant where he and Scott had decided to meet for lunch.  Sam took a bite of his sandwich, chewed thoughtfully and swallowed.  He wiped his mouth with a napkin and then glanced over at Scott.
“I know why you called me, Scott and I know why we’re here…”
“So why’d you meet me?”
“… Because your dad won’t…  I also know this is important to you.”
He glanced at Sam and looked away.  “It’s nice one of you does…” He faintly whispered in the other direction.
“Know what your problem is?”
“No, what?”
“You’re too much like your grandfather.”
“… So?”
Sam laughed.  “It scares the shit out of your father…”
Scott’s eyes rolled in their sockets. “…Sam…”
“… Yeah, your grandpa was a risk-taker and so are you.  You ever hear how he bought the winery in the first place?”
Scott looked up quickly from his plate.  “No. How?”
Sam took a big bite of his sandwich and began chewing.
“Not going to tell me?”
Sam swallowed and wiped his mouth again. “…Hungry.”
They looked at each other and laughed.
“What would you say if I told you he won it in a card game?”
“I wouldn’t believe it…”
“Smart man…”
“… Well?”
“Well, what?”
“Come on, Sam. Tell me already…”
“Keep your shorts on.  This is a goody.”
Scott refrained from rolling his eyes again and ate more of his sandwich.  Sam sure could drag out a story.
“Your dad never told you?”
“… Obviously not, if I’m on the edge of my seat trying to get a breadcrumb of information from you.”
Sam laughed. “Okay… Your grandpa fell in love with a woman from Paso Robles whose daddy had a lot of money.  He didn’t much care for your grandpa and actually offered him some cash to get lost.”
“You’re kidding…”
“Nope.”
“I take it Grandpa Granger didn’t get lost.”
“This is the good part.”
Scott moved closer to Sam, lunch forgotten.  He was thirsty for information, not his glass of water. “Okay.”
“Your granddaddy could be a real pisser.  He and this woman, your grandmother,” Scott smiled, “hatched a plan.”
“What kind of plan?”
“Your grandmother told him to take the money, buy the winery and she’d join him when the first grapes showed on the vines.”
Scott sat back in his chair and blew out a breath.  “Really?”
“Yep… And that’s what they did.”
“Incredible.”

“Her daddy eventually came around when they eloped and there wasn’t much else he could do about it.”
Scott raked a hand through his hair.  “So Grandpa Granger took a bribe from his future father-in-law, and then he and grandma got married anyway.”
“That’s the story.”
“That’s fabulous… Colorful… Everything I would have expected from Grandpa.  He was quite a guy, as I recall.”
“He hired me when I was a few years younger than you.  I enjoyed working for him.”  He shot Scott a serious look. “… But he and your father didn’t get on so well.”
“Yeah, I knew that.”
“Do you know why?”
Scott shook his head. “Not really…”
Sam smiled broadly. “He wanted to make some changes with the winery, just like you’re doing now.”
Scott rubbed his forehead. “… I don’t get it.  I’m doing the same thing as my father and he doesn’t understand me?”
“Oh, he understands you all right.  He just doesn’t want to hear you.  He knew his dad was wrong and knew he was right.  It’s a position carved in granite with him now and a tough one to back off from.”
Scott’s right eye began to twitch.  “Damn it, Sam.  What should I do? Give up?”
“Tell me what you want, Scott.”
He pushed back his plate with the half-eaten sandwich and waved at the waitress.  He ordered two beers for them as Sam raised a furry eyebrow.  They stared at each other until the beers arrived.  Sam lifted his up at Scott who did the same.
“Here’s to what?  New ventures?”
“Here’s to a new generation of winemaking.  That’s where you’re going with this, isn’t it?”
“… Just like my dad did,” he laughed.
They took pulls from their beer and set down the bottles.  Scott took a deep breath.
“Here’s the deal… Did you know that recent studies have shown that California’s temperature will rise by two degrees as early as 2030?”  Sam shook his head.  “That’s only sixteen years away.  Those two degrees will reduce California’s premium wine-growing land by thirty to fifty percent.  With climate warming and a lessening water supply, we in the winemaking business have to do something different if we want to survive.”
Sam took another drink of his beer, an ear cocked toward him.  “I’m listening.  Like what?”
“Well, it won’t be grape-breeding – That’s frowned upon in the industry.”
“Right… Our vines are grown from a branch that’s taken off an existing plant.  There’s no cross-breeding or transplanting.”
“Correct, so that means our grapes don’t adapt and their genes are basically standing still.  If we could cross-breed our grapes, we could come up with something more drought tolerant.”
“Yes, but there’s a problem with that,” countered Sam.  “Once you cross your Chardonnay with something else, you can’t call it a Chardonnay.”
“That’s a big problem all right.”  Sam looked at him expectantly.
“So…”
“I want to grow a whole different grape, like the Barbera from Italy.”
“Granger Winery is known for their white wines.  You know that switching varietals is an expensive proposition and there’s no guarantee of success.”
“The Barbera grape is already being grown in some sections by Santa Barbara.  It’s not unheard of.”
“I’m familiar with it. It’s a red wine whose taste is closer to a Syrah than a Pinot Noir.  It’s light-bodied with a dark red color, notes of strawberry and sour cherry.  Nice…”
Scott smiled.  “So you do know it…”
“Indeed I do.”  He sat up straighter.  “What do you want to do?”
“I want to use the Arroyo Grande acreage to grow the Barbera grape.   I want to try to dry farm that land and also do it organically.  It’ll take two years to fruition and I’ll produce the wine at our rented facility there.”
“What else?”
“I want to hire Deb’s new party planner to do a marketing campaign for the new grape and have launch parties before the wine is bottled.  I think I can make it work.”
“How about money?”
“… I don’t have that part worked out yet.”
“And we’ll just continue buying grapes for the current wines out of Paso for the next year?  Continue with the white wine production too?”
“Yes, but you know the difficulty we’re having with irrigation up north.  It could come to blows with Bob about that.”
Sam nodded. “I’m expecting it to.  They’ve made too much noise for too long now.  We paid for that water, but they’re still threatening to cut it off.”
“Irrigating vineyards is probably a thing of the past too, Sam.”
“Yeah, there’s more and more drip instead.  It does save water.  And your dry farm idea might work too.”
Scott sat back in his chair and looked over at Sam.  He took a deep breath, opened his mouth and closed it.
“It’s a big gamble, Sam.”
“You’re just like your grandfather.  All you need is the woman to help you pull it off…”
Scott’s face lit up like a burning noonday sun.
“I might have someone in mind…”
Sam laughed and threw up his hands in front of him.  “Okay.  No more… I don’t want to hear about your sexual exploits.”
“… Will you help me?”
“What do you need from me?”
“Help convince Dad into letting me plant that acreage in Arroyo.  I’ll worry about raising the money to buy the plants, if he’ll just let me do it.”
Sam grinned and stuck out his hand. “I’m in.  I’ll talk to him tomorrow.  Let me know when you’ve got your plan for the money.”
“Too bad he won’t let me tap into the winery’s cash reserve.”
“Nope.  I know for a fact he’ll never let you do that.  That’s the emergency money.”
“This is an emergency, Sam.”
“Not in his eyes.  You’ll have to come up with something else, Scott.”
“… All right then.”
They shook on it, Scott paid the tab and they walked out of the restaurant together.  He felt pretty good, for a change, and reached in his jeans pocket for his cell phone.
“Gotta make a call?” Sam smirked.  “See you…” And he walked to his car.  A minute later, he remembered something and walked back.
“Scott…”
“… Sam?”
He pulled out his wallet and fished around for something.  Finding it, he handed it over to Scott.
“What’s this?”
“Look at it.”  He glanced down at the photo in his hand.
“… It looks like a picture of you, Grandpa and Dad.”
“Look closer.  Who’s that little boy hiding behind his grandpa’s legs?”
Scott looked closer.  “That’s me, isn’t it?”
“You’re literally a chip off the old block, Scott.  You were born with this soil under your fingernails and the smell of grapes in the air that you breathe.  It’s who you are – It’s in your blood… You can do it…” He turned away.
Smiling, Scott put the picture in his shirt pocket.  Punching in the number in his phone, he grinned.  But listening to the phone ring, he wondered what he’d say when she picked up.  Was she serious about helping him?


* * *



CHAPTER SEVEN


They met for dinner that night at Spyglass Inn, a little restaurant perched on a cliff overlooking the Pacific by Pismo Beach.  Scott shook his head thinking about all the little towns along the central coast named Something or Other Beach and they were all connected from San Luis Obispo south.  He and Melissa sat outside on the terrace behind a sheet of clear plexi-glass that protected them from the wind off the ocean, but their view was still spectacular.  The orange sun was sinking slowly in the watery horizon.  Streaks of pinks layered just above the waterline.  Waves could be heard as they rolled up on shore continuously.
It was a beautiful evening with rays of light reflecting off the water.  Scott noticed shimmering highlights in Melissa’s auburn hair… Her twisted dark red strands reminded him of the twisted vines in his vineyard.  He thought that grapes were sunlight held together by water – Melissa was like a moist, sunlit grape that his hands were itching to pick.
“Are you all right?”  Her face held a note of concern.  He’d spaced out apparently.
“Yeah, sorry.  Where were we?”
“I was just saying that I’m happy you were able to convince Sam to help you.  That probably meant a lot to you.”
He smiled at her. She was so right… “It means a lot that you realize it.”
She picked up her water glass and took a drink, speculating.
“Scott… Tell me a little bit about yourself.”
“Like what?”
“… Your connection to this area…  I can’t believe you’d really consider leaving…”
He looked at her for a second and then towards the ocean.  Melissa saw the water mirrored in his eyes, the sturdy tug of belonging on his face.
Still gazing far out into the ocean, he began to speak.
“…You’re right… I was born here… It all begins and ends here for me.”  She thought she heard a catch in his voice. “… Grapes flourishing in the vineyard are to me like giving birth, a notion older than time.”  He looked at her with penetrating blue eyes.
“…It begins too with the soil, the vine and the grape.  Sam reminded me that I was born with this soil under my nails and the aroma of grapes in every breath I take.” He smiled. “It was good to be reminded… I’d forgotten what I had… What I was all about… Look around you, Melissa.  This is me…”
Melissa held her breath.  She’d never heard anyone speak so romantically about who they were, where they belonged.  He was from another time, the Edwardian Age, maybe… They gazed into each other’s eyes for a full minute, neither wanted to break the palpable tension between them.
She cleared her throat and tried again.
“That’s an unbelievably romantic thing you just said, Scott.  People don’t talk that way anymore.”
He shrugged.  “Maybe not, but I bet they still feel that way.”
“Maybe…” She smiled at him and bent over to pluck a piece of paper out of her purse.  She handed it to him.
“What’s this?”
“It’s a list of investors that I’ve put together.” He started reading it. “They’re people I’ve had parties for in the last five years who have a lot of money and don’t know what to do with it all.”
He glanced up as she raised an eyebrow.  “Hard to believe, I know, but true.  The central coast is chalk full of millionaires.”
“… Huh… Okay…” He wasn’t sure what to say about her information.
“What you need now is the money for the plants, labor and some equipment, correct?” When he nodded, she continued. “So this is what we should do at this point…”
He smiled big when she used the word we. “Yes?”
“I’ll call and extend an invitation to everyone on that list.  We’ll pick a time and venue to have you give a presentation about Granger Winery.  I’ll arrange a beautiful party and setting, and then we’ll hit them with the proposal.”
“Which is what?”
“I was thinking… In exchange for their contribution, they will receive two percent of the wine’s profit per year until the amount invested is discharged with an additional five percent interest, if the wine makes money…”
“… Are you sure about this, Melissa?”
“Do you have an accountant for your business?”
“Yes, but he mostly does the taxes.”
“Well, let’s check with him anyway and see what he says. The figures may need adjusting. Your dad needs to approve it as well.”
Scott gulped.  “… I’m not so sure about this.” He looked down to refold the napkin on his lap.
She reached over, took ahold of his chin raising it slightly so his eyes met hers.  And she gave him a good, serious look.
“You just explained to me how this world, this area was your life, every breath you take.”
“… Yeah…”
“You’ll explain that to these investors and you’ll have the money you need.”
He took her hand in his. “Melissa…”
“I believe in you and so will the investors.  It’s going to work…”
He continued to admire her until she self-consciously removed her hand from his.  “Thank you.  What a wonderful thing to say.”
“I mean it.”
“I know you do.”
She broke off his stare by looking for their waiter.  When she glanced back at him, he was still gazing at her.
“When will Sam speak to your father?”
“Tomorrow.”
“Could I speak to Sam before and explain the investor proposal?”
Scott laughed. “He’s waiting for a woman to call, I think.”
“… What?”
He shook his head.  “Never mind… I’ll give you his phone number.”
“Thanks,” she said with a big smile. “Now, where the heck’s that waiter with our food?  I’m starved…”
“Listen…” She turned back to him.
“What?”
“All I’ve done since I met you is whine.  We’ve completed the business section of your itinerary,” he smiled.  “Now it’s my turn.”
“Okay…”
Pause… He waited and so did she.
“Melissa, please… I know next to nothing about you.  Please tell me something.”
“… What would you like to know?”
“Anything…”
She laughed and shook out her napkin.
“Well… my parents and I moved to San Luis when I was in high school. That’s where I met Maria and we’ve been best friends ever since.”
“She seems very nice.”
“… And more. She helps keep me on track – Sometimes I can blow right off the rails.”
“How did you start your business?”
Just then the waiter finally brought out their food.  He placed plates of linguini and clams in front of them both.
“Drinks all right?” he asked. “Anyone need a refill?”
“I’m good,” said Scott. “Melissa?”
“Fine.”
The waiter nodded and left.
Twirling noodles on her fork, Melissa speared a few clams and popped the whole bite in her mouth.  She closed her eyes, chewed and moaned.
“God… Is it that good?” Scott hurriedly got a forkful to join her.
“… And more… Sex should be this good.”
He swallowed too fast and started coughing.  Laughing, she lightly slapped his back until he stopped and reached for his water.
“… That was a helluva thing to say about linguini.  If food’s better than sex, you need a new partner.”
When he grinned into laughing green eyes, one of her big defense barriers crashed and a slow smile gradually consumed her face. Maybe she wanted to get involved after all -- He was seriously cute…
“Is that a proposition, Mr. Granger?”
“… It’s my turn…”
He held her gaze until Scott leaned over to brush his lips with hers.  Melissa put down her fork, reached a hand behind Scott’s head to pull him in for a real kiss.  And it wasn’t superficial… Bells rang, fireworks exploded and angels wept.  His lips caught fire with hers and left them both breathless… Food forgotten… Conversation halted.  Guesswork was over – The guy could kiss. What is it about grapes and vineyards anyway?
In the midst of that kiss, his tousled hair screamed for her to run fingers through it – so she did.  Scott sat stock still, entranced by her caress… her smell… touch… Who the hell wants food?
“Melissa… Let’s get this to go…”
“Scott, you’re going to shoot me, but I can’t tonight…”
“Come back to my place with me.”
“I have to work tonight after dinner.” He looked at her unbelievably. “I’m sorry. I had no idea we’d get to this step so fast – I’ve got you on my schedule for tomorrow.  You know, after kayaking and so on…”
He blinked. “You scheduled in sex?”
“No,” she said sheepishly, “of course not…” She shrugged. “Well, maybe… Just in case all went well.”
“I think all may go well.”
“… So it would seem,” she smiled.
Scott shook his head. “You know I need a cold shower now, don’t you?”
She laughed. “Again, I’m sorry. I promise to make it up to you.”
“… Promises, promises… Okay,” he laughed, “so tell me how you started your business.”
“It’s a poor substitute for sure, but you’ll enjoy this story.”
“Maybe…” He twirled more noodles on his fork. “I’ll try the sexy linguini while you talk.”


* * *



CHAPTER EIGHT


Later that night, there was a knock on her door.
“Coming…” yelled Melissa.  She opened the door with a towel in her hands, drying a saucepan.
“… Catch you at a bad time?” Maria had a huge smile on her face.
“No, no.  Come on in.  Just finishing some dishes.”
“I was going to call, but…”
“Yeah, sorry.  I meant to call you.”
“You go first.”
“No, you…”
Maria walked in smiling like that canary-swallowing cat.  Smoothing down her lacy blouse, she nonchalantly glanced around.  “So what’s up with Scott?”
“… Not fair.  I wanted to ask about Tyler.  You went out with him first.”
She shrugged. “… If you insist.”
Melissa laughed. “It must have gone well…”
Maria’s smile spread to her whole face.  Her eyes lit up and then she started laughing.
“What?”
“Tyler…He’s such a guy…”
“… Meaning…”
She got a dreamy look on her face.  Dreamy?  Maria didn’t do dreamy.
“He was funny and klutzy and romantic and sweet…”
“Hmmm….”
“I haven’t had a man try so hard to please me in… I don’t know when, it’s been so long… Maybe in forever.”
“So,” Melissa grinned, “it was a good date then…”
“Oh, my yes.  He actually brought me a few flowers but then he tripped on my welcome map by the door.  The flowers flew out of his hand and went everywhere.”
Melissa started laughing. “Jeez, what?”
“I know, he was so embarrassed, but it was so cute… He kept apologizing and dashing around to pick them all up.  It was sweet…”
“Where’d you go and where did you end up?” Melissa grinned some more.
Maria gave her a stern look.  “It’s not at all what you’re thinking.”
“Really? What am I thinking?”
“We went to a movie and dinner afterwards.  We were both too self-conscious of the other to notice much of the movie.  At dinner, he hardly touched his food.”
“What did he do?”
“… Made wonderful conversation…”
“Tyler? We should really call him Talkative Tyler now?”
“Yes… He asked me question after question about myself.  He rarely talked about himself at all.”  She sighed.  “I haven’t had a guy act that way toward me ever…”
“Huh…”
“…Then he took me home…”
“And you asked him in…”
“No.  He didn’t want to come in…”
“Tyler?? No Would you like to see my etchings line?”
“…Nope…”
Melissa thought about that for a minute.
“Didn’t you want to see his etchings?”
“No,” she responded thoughtfully.  “I want to take some time with him and see where it goes. I think he does too…”
“Really… Who would have known that day that I dragged you to Avila Beach kicking and screaming, you’d end up with the love of your life?”  Melissa started laughing and collapsed on the sofa.  Maria hesitantly sat on a chair by her and smoothed back her beautiful black hair.
“…I… I think my mom would even like him…”
That stopped Melissa’s laughter. She sat up quickly and looked over at her.  “You’re already thinking about taking him home to meet the folks?”
“No,” she said quickly averting her gaze.  All of a sudden, some spot on the carpet demanded her attention.  “Anyway… Enough about me…  How was dinner with Scott?”
“Just a quick one about Tyler.  When do you see him again?”
Now a crumb on the sofa demanded removal and she reached over to brush it off.  “… Tomorrow… I’ve invited him over for dinner.”
Melissa laughed again.  “Okay… but I’m Maid of Honor, remember…”
Which made Maria laugh too…  “Next topic… Scott…”
“I should have recorded this whole conversation.”
“Meaning what?”
“Debra Granger just called supposedly about the engagement party, but ended up pumping me about Scott.  She knows we went out…”
“…And…”
Melissa pushed back some strands that had fallen in her face and blew out a breath.  “He’s wonderful.  You should hear him talk about his life, the vineyards, the grapes… It’s enough to make you want to start writing poetry or volunteering for a charity.”
“So he loves life…”
“… And his home.”
“And he could even talk about it.”
“Yeah…”
“A guy who can express his feelings… This is a mythical creature, Melissa.  Unusual…”
“… Got that right…”
Melissa flopped back on the sofa and Maria leaned back in her chair.  All of a sudden, they were breathless and limp.
“Wow…”
“Yeah…”
“…And then… I attacked him.”
Maria bolted upright. “You did what? At the restaurant? A little risky, don’t you think?”
“… I didn’t think… One minute we were eating linguini with clams and the next minute we were ravishing one another.  I don’t know what came over me or what the other patrons there may have thought.”
“Do you care?”
“No way…”
“…Any tongue action?” She smirked at her.
“Oh, yeah… We tasted like clams.”
“Damn, Melissa.  That’s not your style.  You usually hold them at bay until they want to leave…”
“Yeah… I have a feeling this guy’s going to bring out the beast in me.”
She lifted an eyebrow.  “I love it… A return of the beast… He’s been absent far too long.”
“…Um…”
Maria looked around the room.  “So… What are you doing here alone? He couldn’t come back?”
“I have work to do and…”
“You’re kidding… You blew off a perfectly good kisser and the beast’s return?”
She laughed. “I promised to see him again soon.”
“How soon?”
When Melissa didn’t answer right away, Maria perked up and glanced over at her. Melissa too was busily brushing invisible crumbs from the sofa.  Somebody must have eaten invisible crackers on the thing…
“We’re going kayaking in the harbor tomorrow morning.  He’s a big kayaker.”
“Hmm…That is soon.” Maria raised an eyebrow. “… And luckily you’re a big kayaker too…”
“I’m also going to help him with a party to get investors for his new grape.”
Maria looked at her sharply. “You’re going to help with the vineyard? Won’t the wrath of his dad come down on you too?”
“Possibly not. He’s got Sam, the retiring winemaker, going to bat for him. It may just fly.”
“That’s wonderful, but I hope things don’t blow up for you.  There’s Debra’s engagement party on the line here…”
“Yes, I know. I’ll watch it.”
“All right. I want a full report when you get back… Plan on heading over to the lighthouse while you’re out that way?  Pretty remote and romantic, I’d say…”
Melissa blushed. “He is pretty cute, isn’t he?”
“Melissa, you’re blushing…” Which made her blush deeper.  “I think you really like this guy.”
“Maybe…”
“You’re mixing business with pleasure, missy.  Better watch your step…”
“… I know.”
“You’re breaking one of your own rules.”
“I know…” Melissa blew out a breath and flopped back on the sofa.  “Do I ever know…”


* * *



CHAPTER NINE


Driving all the way down Avila Beach Road from the freeway through the little town, Melissa happily noticed the masses of trees and bushes on the hills to her left, while she passed the golf course on the right side.  Further down the road, she’d glanced at the mauve-colored resort pushed into the hill just past a small bridge and mused about the people walking down the road to go out to the beach.  Avila was the greatest, she thought.  Small, intimate… a tiny beach tucked into a small harbor with a few fishing piers jutting out into the Pacific.  She’d been swimming, kayaking and just hanging out here with friends for years.  It was a piece of Paradise…
She met Scott at the harbor parking area.  They’d both dragged brightly colored kayaks off the tops of their cars and were hauling them down to the beach to put in.
“That’s the sorriest wetsuit I’ve ever seen,” said Scott.  “How long have you had it?”
“Thanks very much.  I have had it for a while.” He raised his eyebrows. “Okay, a longggg while, but it still works…”
They reached the beach – Small waves washed up and over the sand by where they’d placed their kayaks.
“Need some help with that jacket?”
“Sure,” said Melissa. “That strap in back always gives me trouble.”
After they put on water shoes, jackets, hats and sunglasses, they were set and started pushing their kayaks out in the water.
“How long you been kayaking?” he asked.
“… Forever… You?”
“…Same…”
Melissa was in deep enough water to climb in, grab her paddle and begin paddling out and away from the beach.  Scott soon joined her.  It was a clear, blue sky – A few clouds were miles out but nothing threatening.  The water was chilly, as usual, and seagulls flew about, hoping for a snack.  As they went under the pier, Melissa paddled in between the slender pilings, first to the left, then to the right.  She was pretty good and Scott whistled appreciatively.
“… Show-off.”
“Bet you can do it too…”
“… Yep.” And he did.  Scott wove his way through the pilings in record time and caught up with Melissa on the other side of the pier.  The surface of the water was barely disturbed with his smooth strokes.
“Where to, miss?”
She laughed and pointed with her paddle.
“Whaler’s Beach? Why?”
“I brought a little lunch for us to share over there. I thought it might be fun.”
“Great and we can walk up to the lighthouse.”
They smiled and began seriously stroking the water with their paddles in sync with one another.  The rocky hills around the harbor all looked about the same with the pillow and lava rocks scattered and piled.  All along the jetty, pelicans and seagulls vied for space as they squatted and made nuisances of themselves, poking and preening.  Seals playfully swam around the kayakers, occasionally coming close enough for Melissa to speak to.
“Hey there…”
“Don’t think he’ll answer you,” laughed Scott.
There was no need for more discussion as they smoothly paddled their way through the harbor, around various fishing boats and sailboats moored here and there.  The seals following them took off whenever a new fishing boat came into the harbor to see if any stray fish might be coming their way.  The fishermen considered them nuisances too.
Melissa and Scott kayaked down the entire length of the jetty that separated the harbor from the Pacific Ocean, right up to tiny Whaler’s Beach.
It was called that because historically, whales had once been caught along this section of California, brought up on the beach and cut up for meat and whale oil.  But whales hadn’t been seen in the area for decades now and, of course, whales weren’t hunted any longer.
When they were close enough and in shallow water, Melissa and Scott climbed out of their kayaks and hauled them up onto the beach.  They put their paddles inside and started to hike up the path toward the lighthouse.  Melissa had reached for her small sack with snacks that she had brought and swung it over her shoulder as they walked along.  Water shoes aren’t hiking boots, so they took care to watch the path for sharp rocks.
“Thanks, Melissa.” Scott walked up the path, looked out at the vast ocean and into the bright sun.
“What for?”
“… A rare day off from wine troubles…”
“I’m sure something will surface sooner or later,” she laughed.
“… Nope. Not today. Let’s just enjoy the day and being together.”
She glanced over at him. “… You’re thinking about that kiss, aren’t you?”
“You bet.” He grinned but made no attempt to touch her, which was vaguely annoying…
“Okay then.”
They reached the lighthouse called Point San Luis Light sitting at the top of the path, not far from the edge of a cliff.  A thick carpet of ice plant covered the whole area from the start of the path to the lighthouse, draping much of the cliffs below. Sprinkles of yellow and pink blossoms decorated the pointy green plants giving the area a party atmosphere.  Melissa smiled as she picked a few flowers.
“Did you know that this lighthouse is the only Prairie Victorian model lighthouse remaining in existence on the West coast of the U.S.?”
“No kidding…” She stifled a smile.
She looked around at the hilly terrain behind the lighthouse and back at its beautiful white wooden exterior.  “What is Prairie Victorian style?”
“Well,” he began, “it was constructed in a Prairie style, a basically square, boxy design, some two and a half stories high.  The large porch and front stairs reach down from the building as an entrance.  That’s been the design since the 1800s.”
“When was the lighthouse retired from active use?”
“I believe in 1974.”
“That sounds like what I’ve heard.  Tours are given on Saturdays when the Avila Trolley comes up here. I took a tour once.”
They walked up the stairs to peer into a few windows.
“Closed…”
“Yeah, it’s not Saturday.”  He laughed…
“… Want to eat here?”
“Sure.”
They sat at the top of the stairs and Melissa gave him a sandwich and bottle of water from the sack.
“What kind did you make?”
“Bologna.” When he grimaced, she quickly added. “Sorry, it was all I had left in the frig…”
“What, no wine?”
“Ha. Eat up, mister, before we need to hike back down to kayak across the harbor. We need strength to paddle…”
Scott’s mood was brightened just eating companionably with a pretty girl in the sunshine, and by a beautiful, old historic building with flowers everywhere.  It gave him a certain peace of mind… The wonderful smell of the ocean didn’t hurt either.
“I think I have you to thank for the good mood I seem to find myself in these days.”
“…Really? I’m flattered…” She took the empty sack and bottles to a nearby trash container. “Want to walk a bit?”
“Sure.” But when he stood up to follow her, he grabbed her waist instead to pull her close. Melissa all but purred.  “Is this okay?”
“Very…”
“Deb said you might not want to get involved with a client.” He nuzzled her neck… She smelled so good, fresh…
“Mmmm… You’re technically not a client. Has any money passed between us?  Have you paid me for any service?”
“Nope…”
“Then you’re not a client – technically…”
“Good,” he said as he dipped his head to find her lips.
Scott covered her mouth with his as he began to sway slowly back and forth.  He relaxed her and excited her at the same time… When his lips pressed more firmly, she slid her arms up around his neck and her hands into his hair.  Fingers wound into strands moist from ocean spray.  His subtle aftershave filled her nose as little sighs escaped her lips.  His heart thumped and he wanted her more than he could ever have imagined.  But… this certainly wasn’t the place for what he had in mind.
“Melissa, honey… We need to…”
“… No talking, just kissing…”
“Yes, ma’am.” And Scott’s lips moved slowly down her face and throat coming back up again.  Through her thin jacket, he could feel her breasts against his chest as they rose and fell with her uneven breathing.
“…Ah…Scott…” Melissa spoke against his lips that refused to go too far away.  “I guess we need to…”
“… Need to what?”
But he didn’t give her much of a chance to say anything. She’d waited a long time for a man to make her feel this way and neither of them wanted to let go of the other.  Scott’s mind was on fire as his kisses began to heat up with more intensity and passion.
She broke away from him breathlessly.  Finally focusing on her lovely face, Scott blew out a shaky breath.  “I… I can’t catch my breath.”
“Me either…”
“Come on. We need to get out of here before we simultaneously combust.”
She nodded as he took her hand and started down the stairs.  About halfway down, Scott suddenly caught the edge of his shoe, stumbled and fell down the last few steps.  Melissa tried to grab him but he was out of her reach in seconds – She watched horrified as he tumbled…
“Scott… Scott… Are you all right?” His fall came to a stop at the bottom of the stairs and he was lying in the grass, nursing an ankle.
“…Yow! That smarts… I’m seeing stars…”
“Let me take a look at it.”
“Are you a nurse?”
She laughed. “Quit being a baby and let me see your ankle.”
He pulled his hands away and she took a good look. “Looks to be swelling up already.  You probably sprained it.”
“… Didn’t know love could be so dangerous…”
Love? Yikes… Melissa gulped.  “Come on. Let’s see if you can stand. I can’t carry you down that path.  You’re going to have to walk it with my help.”
He put an arm around her shoulders while she hugged his waist.  Limping very slowly down the path, Scott glanced at Melissa and stopped for a minute.
“What?”
“I know I’m in pain and all, but I just can’t help myself…” And he leaned over to kiss her.  She kissed him laughingly back.
“Let’s go, Romeo.  We need to get you to a doctor.”


* * *



CHAPTER TEN


Step, rest…step, limp… Scott winced once or twice when his ankle accidently turned over again… Melissa kept him upright, but it was a job and a half for her too.  It was tough going, but they eventually made it down that winding, rocky path to the waiting kayaks.
“You going to be able to paddle back all right? We have to, you know.”
He was definitely out of breath after that long trek down the hill and was panting.  Plus he felt a fresh jab of pain when he tentatively put a little weight on that foot.  His face contorted and he didn’t seem to hear her.  They paused by his kayak and she gently took his face in her hands.
“Scott…honey, can you hear me?”
Honey? He heard that all right and leaned over again to kiss her.
“I thought you were in incredible pain.”  She smiled into his handsome face.
“Well… I am, but that doesn’t mean I can’t enjoy parts of this situation.”
Laughing, she helped him push his kayak out into the water and waded out to help him climb in.  That was tough… He couldn’t put any weight on that foot and it’s hard to get in a kayak with only one foot. Scott fell in the water twice before Melissa was able to practically heave him into the kayak.  When he was finally situated, she gave him the paddle, pushed him out into deeper water and waded back to shore to get her own kayak.  She was breathless by this time with exertion and Scott’s ankle was puffier than ever.  So they had to get back fast…
At least they made good time kayaking through the harbor.  A slight breeze had kicked up and helped push them along, contributing to the fast pace.  They paddled so quickly with each stroke smoothly cutting the surface of the crisp water that the seals lost interest in them, and headed off to more interesting pursuits.  Arriving back where they’d started, Melissa hurriedly got out of her kayak and leaned in to grab Scott’s arm to help him out of his. It wasn’t easy…

He had to put a little weight on that foot just to move and his face stayed frozen with pain caused by that effort.  Finally, Melissa got him moving toward the beach… Once they reached land, she sat him down to wade back out for both kayaks.  She pulled them onto the beach and plopped down by him to catch her breath.  They were both exhausted…
“Are you okay, Scott? We have to keep moving or we’ll lay here for a week…”
“… Don’t I know it -- I’m beat but you must be worse.” He held onto the foot to keep his ankle from moving.
“I’m okay, if we just keep moving.  Once I stop, that’ll be all she wrote…”
“Gotcha…Let’s move.”
She helped him up and again he put an arm around her shoulders as she slowly guided him back to their cars in the parking lot.  Step, rest… step, limp…rest… rest… limp…
Going by a small building by the lot, she yelled over at a man she knew who rented out kayaks.
“Ray!”
“Hey, Mellissa…”
“Can you watch those kayaks for me?”
“Yeah, sure.  Got some trouble?  Need any help?” He watched her staggering to the car with Scott.
“I’ve got it,” she said breathlessly.  She stopped a minute to catch her breath. “I just need to come back for the kayaks later.  Can you watch them for me?”
“Sure thing. Don’t worry about it.”  Concerned, he watched them a minute and then walked down to the beach to get their kayaks.
She got Scott in the car and once he was comfortable, Melissa got in and started the ignition.
“Where are we going?”
“… Hospital…” She minced no words and took off quickly out of the parking lot and down the road through Avila.
The closest hospital was in San Luis Obispo, so that’s where Melissa drove. Scott was a good passenger and sat quietly without being a backseat driver.  She had to give him points for that… The last man she’d had in her car, Phil, her ex, had barked instructions at her constantly.  She’d practically thrown him out at a stoplight.
Arriving at the hospital, she pulled up and parked in the Emergency section.  Spotting a wheelchair, she insisted, through his complaints, that he get in it.  Scott finally complied, grudgingly, and she wheeled him into Emergency. By the time a doctor was available to see him, Melissa was beyond exhausted.  But she figured that she’d certainly gotten her exercise that day and Scott seemed to be doing a little better.
The ankle wasn’t broken, thankfully, but the doctor put his foot into a knitted brace to keep the ankle from wobbling – He was given a prescription for a low dosage painkiller and sent home.
“Melissa, you’ve been wonderful through this whole ordeal.  That was a Herculean effort you made…” He smiled at her once they were back in the car, heading out from the hospital.
She laughed. “What was I supposed to do? Leave you at the lighthouse to fend for yourself?”
“The last woman I dated would have.”
When she cocked her head at him and raised an eyebrow, he continued.
“… Actually, I never would have gone to the lighthouse with her in the first place or even gone kayaking…”
“Not much of a nature girl?”
“… Ah… That would be a big no.”
He watched out the car window for a while. “Where are we going? Back to my car?”
“I don’t think you can drive with that foot yet, do you?”
His smile wasn’t long in coming. “No… so…”
“So… I’m taking you home.”
“Mine or yours?”
“Mine’s closer…”
“… Good…” And he sat back to watch the scenery fly by a lot happier than the last time he’d glanced out the window.  Maybe there was a patch of blue in this dark lining after all.
She drove to her apartment, got him out of the car and gingerly walked him close to the stairs that led up to her second floor apartment.  Melissa was wondering how in the hell she was going to get him up the stairs when Maria came out of her apartment and spotted them.
“Hey! What’s happening?”
“Maria! Come help me get Scott upstairs…”
When she was closer to them, Maria shot Melissa a curious look behind Scott’s head and raised both eyebrows up into her hairline.  Melissa just shook her head, a quick warning… Together, they managed to get Scott up the stairs, into her apartment and onto the living room sofa.  Melissa gratefully sank into a chair and Maria just stood there smiling broadly at them both.
“… Fun day?”  She didn’t even try to hide her amusement.
“Can you please get me a glass of water and hold the smirk?”
“Scott, anything I can get for you?  Water, coffee, condom?”
That finally broke the ice and they laughed good and hard.
Maria went to the kitchen and got glasses for them both.  Coming back into the living room and handing them over, she remarked, “Listen… Tyler’s coming over for dinner… Want to make it a party?” Melissa blew out a breath.
“… Maybe…”
“We’ll have it here so Scott doesn’t have to stagger anymore and I’ll bring the dinner over. That’ll save you from worrying about food tonight.” She glanced from Scott to Melissa. “… Deal?”
“… Deal,” said Scott. “What’s Tyler bringing?”
“…Wine.”
“Melissa?”
“Sounds fabulous to me.  I’m pooped…”
Maria beamed.  “Great… We’ll be back at six.  That should give you,” she glanced at her watch, “several hours to… rest… or whatever.”  Another eyebrow slyly shot up when she smiled at Melissa.
“Fine, fine… See you later…”
Maria continued laughing as she went out the door.  As soon as it closed behind her, Melissa looked at Scott.
“I forgot to tell you something…”
“What?”
“Your dad called me when you were in seeing the doctor. He said he couldn’t reach you on your cell and Sam gave him my number.”
Scott sat up nervously.  “And?”
“I talked to him for a while… He’s a nice man.”
“Well… what did he say?” He scooted closer to the edge of the sofa.
“I told him who I was and he wants to meet us both tomorrow, if possible.  I mentioned the ankle accident and he was sympathetic, but…”
“…But what?”
“He still wants you to come by the house tomorrow morning.”
“Did he say…”
“Yep, he met with Sam and wants to discuss something with you.”
“That’s further than I’ve ever gotten with him.” He smiled at her.  “Maybe between you and Sam, I can make a dent here.”
“I’m coming with you…”
“Melissa… Listen, honey, that’s not such a good idea.  The guy can rip a person’s head off and hand it to them on a platter.”
“Pfft… I’ve dealt with tougher types than your dad in my events business. Bring it on, Walt Granger.”
“Jeez, Melissa.  I don’t know if you’re brave or nuts.  Maybe foolhardy…”
“There’s something else…”
He had leaned back on the sofa but sat up again.  “…What?”
“Your dad said you had to meet with that vineyard owner up in Paso Robles that’s giving you all the trouble about the water.  He said he’d tell you more about it when he sees you.”
“Damn… When bad news comes, it comes in waves… not droplets.”
“… Maybe you should take an aspirin and go to bed.”
“… Maybe I should.”
“At the very least, we should get these wetsuits off.”
“I think I’ll need help.”  His grin filled the room.
“… Of course, you will.”


* * *



CHAPTER ELEVEN


“I thought you were exhausted…”
“… I’m getting my second wind… You?”
“Oh, yeah…”

Peeling off that wetsuit was a funny dance to watch.  Scott hopped on one foot as Melissa repeatedly tugged and pulled. And tugged and pulled some more… The wetsuit eventually slid down his legs, but not without much effort on her part.  Soon she was panting from exertion again and Scott’s smile hit high beams.
“… It’s not like… peeling a banana… is it?”  Giving the wetsuit one last tug, Scott flopped over on the bed as Melissa went flying the other way, landing on her butt… Wetsuit in hand…
“No, it isn’t, but damn… it’s fun to watch.  Are you all right?”
She got up laughing, rubbing her bottom.  “You sure know how to show a girl a good time…”
He lay back on the bed trying to catch his breath.  “I’ve… never had a date like this before, that’s for sure.” He laughed as he watched her walk slowly over to him.   The look on her face was… inscrutable…
“I’ve enjoyed most of it, apart from the ankle business.”
She’d walked up to the edge of the bed where his legs dangled over.  When she spread them apart, Scott’s antenna perked up and so did his interest.  Other body parts began paying closer attention to her as well.
“… Honey?” As she moved in between his legs, he tried again.  “Melissa?”
“Hmm?”
“You still have your wetsuit on.”
“Give me thirty seconds.”
He propped up on his elbows as she started to take off her wetsuit.  Without removing her eyes from his, she peeled it down… inch… by glorious inch.  Her supple skin glistened with moisture from the ocean.
Smooth…silky…skin…
When her bikini bathing suit made an appearance, he tried not to drool… Another few inches down and it was all the way out.
Fancy… bright red color… nice… more than nice…
She was graceful and sexy, performing that impromptu erotic, little striptease.  With sun-kissed hair and sparkling eyes, she was a vision… Sliding the wetsuit slowly down her incredible legs, she kicked it away and lifted her arms to pull off the thin kayaking jacket.  Melissa stood there, in the sunlight, in her sheer, sexy, very tiny bikini -- Looking, for all the world, like some Sports Illustrated swimsuit model…  Her damp breasts moved slightly with her increased breathing… His eyes popped and he had to close his open mouth… His skin began to itch wanting to touch her…
“… Honey…”
“Shh…” she whispered as she crawled up his legs to lie on his chest.
“We’re going to need Maria’s condom…”
“We’re going to need a couple…”
She began kissing all over his chest as he grabbed her arms pulling her closer.  “My lips…” he murmured.
“… Getting there,” she murmured back.
He let his hands roam freely over smooth lines and angles.  Quickly unfastening her top, he slid the straps off her arms like a seasoned pro.
“Nicely done,” she said against his throat. “How about the rest?”
Scott rolled her over and took off the rest of that sexy bikini as she rolled.  She blinked, surprised.
“How’d you do that?”
“It’s all in the wrist…”
“Mmm… so you’re a magician too…”
He rose slightly to look into her beautiful eyes… green as emeralds… Smoothing back her hair, he kissed her warm cheeks and whispered in her ear.  “… Nothing, absolutely nothing up my sleeve…” as he pulled his thin jacket over his head.
Then he let his mouth devour hers… heat… passion… tenderness. It was all there.  She wondered briefly if she’d ever really been kissed before, but thinking was just too much trouble… There was feeling to do, exquisite feeling… and exploring.  He left her mouth to trail a finger down around her breasts, his lips finding her raised nipples.  Her body arched in response, her hands doing a little exploration of their own.  He was still suckling a breast when she gently moved a hand up and down his erection. His body shivered and she parted her legs in response.
“I… I…”
“It’s all right,” he soothed as his lips claimed hers again and kept them there…  His skilled fingers found their way slowly down her glistening skin, now attuned to anything he did.  As searing kiss exploded into breathtaking kiss, she felt those warm fingers slide ever… so… slowly down her arms… down her torso… her belly… God, she felt her stomach clinch.  Slowly… ever so slowly…she would have held her breath if he wasn’t kissing it out of her… She could feel a very talented finger glide into her… She exhaled into his mouth, as the finger began to dance…
She began rising, steadily climbing up… up… up and still he wouldn’t let her breathe.  The finger danced a little faster… Sensation poured over sensation until there were layers and floors and buildings of it… She erupted finally with her body quivering and shaking like an earthquake.  Slowly… she rolled up on shore and opened her eyes.
“My turn.”  He was waiting for her. “…Condom?”
“…on the pill,” she breathed.
“…Oh, man…”
Gratefully, he slipped deep inside her and they moaned together with the exquisite fullness.  Thrust after thrust… she took all he gave and then took more… He swallowed her muffled gasps with his mouth… She clutched the sheets as if they could save her.  Hardly… Wild and free, his hands continued to roam until a final deep thrust brought them both to the brink and pushed them over.
When he collapsed on her, his mouth relaxed and she could finally breathe again.  Shaky little breaths perhaps, but breaths nevertheless.  She’d never ever had a man desire her this much in her life.  Boy, what she’d been missing.
“Are you all right?” He rolled off to give her body a break from his constant assaults.
She blinked up at the ceiling.  “For a minute there, I thought I’d died and gone to heaven.” She reached over to lovingly caress his face.
“If it’s just the wetsuit that brings this out in you, I’m going to wear one all the time.”
Scott grinned and took her hand up to his lips to kiss.  “You’re sweet and sexy and pretty as a grape…”
“… A grape?” she laughed.
“Don’t laugh… There’s nothing more beautiful than a clump of juicy, moist grapes, kissed by the sun and moon.”
“How poetic… I can’t believe you’re back to grapes five seconds after the best sex in my life.  Even better than in some of the romance novels I’ve read.”
“You’re cute too…” He leaned in to capture her swollen lips once more.  “And if you give me a few minutes, I’ll show you that I prefer you to a grape any time…”
“What a sweet talker…” She touched his face and outlined his lips with her finger.  “Scott?”
He’d closed his eyes at her gentle touch. “Hmm?”
“Stay…”
“You can’t kick me out anyway… I’m wounded, remember?”
She smiled at him and slowly moved her hand in lazy circles down his chest until she found what she was looking for.  When she took ahold of his length again, he opened his deep blue eyes with a big smile.
“Do we have time before Tyler and Maria get here?”
“Oh, yeah… If not, they can wait outside.”
It didn’t take long to get him in the mood, since he’d never gotten out of it.
As she rolled over on top to straddle him, she had a sexy grin on her face.  “… My turn…”
“Yes, ma’am.”  And they were off again.


* * *



CHAPTER TWELVE


“So you just took a tumble down the stairs?”
They were all seated at Melissa’s dining room table having a lovely dinner with Tyler and Maria, but Tyler wasn’t buying Scott’s story.
“Yeah, that’s it.”
“What were you doing before that?”
“Before what?” Scott stalled.
“… Before you fell…” Tyler laughed. “Something, I’m sure.”
Scott looked at Melissa who blushed.
It was Maria’s turn to laugh. “I’ve never seen Melissa blush so much. You’re waking our girl up, Scott…” He smiled at her and then at Melissa.
“Well… We’d just eaten some lunch and …” He reached for his wineglass.
“… And what?” prompted Tyler.
“Okay, fine. We’d just shared a great kiss…”
“Better than the restaurant kiss?” Maria smiled at him.
Scott glanced at Melissa. “Do you girls tell each other everything?”
“… Not quite,” Melissa grinned at him.
“You guys do seem friendlier toward one another than at the bar the other night.”
“Maybe she’s falling for my irresistible charm…”
“Yeah, maybe,” laughed Tyler, “If you had any.”
Maria had brought over steaks, salad and pasta to share with Melissa and Scott, while Tyler had brought a few bottles of Granger Winery Chardonnay.
“The food’s great, Maria. Thanks for doing this,” said Scott.
“You’re quite welcome. And how do you like the wine?”
He laughed. “It’s the best wine in the U.S.,” he grinned.  “Of course, I might be a little prejudiced there.”
“Scott and I are meeting with his dad tomorrow,” announced Melissa.
Tyler’s eyebrows shot up into his hairline, as he ate a bite of steak. “What?” He started choking, so Maria pounded him on the back. Reaching for his water, he tried again.
“Whoa… Take it from the top.  What’s going on?”
“… Too much and all at once,” said Scott. “It’s all Melissa’s idea…”
“Melissa?” Tyler turned to her. She swallowed her bite of pasta and wiped her mouth with a napkin.
“No, Scott. You met with Sam. Tell him that first.”
Tyler turned to Scott. “Somebody please tell me something.”
“Okay. I met with Sam,” began Scott, “and he was receptive to my idea about the new grape varietal. He also said he’d speak to Dad for me.”
“Really?” said Maria. “That’s good, right?” She passed the salad on to Tyler.
“Yes,” continued Melissa. “And when I took Scott to the hospital for his ankle,” she smiled quickly at him, “his father called me and set up this meeting for tomorrow morning.”
“Damn, Scott.  Think he’s going to go for it?”
“I don’t know, but it’s the farthest I’ve gotten with him. And I have Melissa to thank.” He leaned over to kiss her while Tyler and Maria just blinked.
She laughed. “I just gave him a little confidence.”
“What about the investment idea?”
“I told him I’d help him get some investors to raise the money he needs to launch this grape… that’s all…” She glanced around at them.
“That’s all?” gasped Tyler. “That’s incredible…” He spoke to Scott, “This might be the break you’ve needed.” Scott nodded.
“Great, Scott… Wonderful, but not surprising with my enterprising friend, Melissa, in on it...  She can make anything happen.”
After the meal was over and the dishes were tucked into the dishwasher, the friends sat in the living room for a last glass of wine.
“Really nice Chardonnay, Scott,” said Maria. “Granger Winery rules…”
He laughed. “Thanks.” Turning to Tyler, he added, “Dad wants me to meet with the Paso Robles vineyard about our irrigation problem pretty soon.  Will you go up with me when I meet them? Sam expects trouble – I’d like to be prepared.”
Tyler leaned forward in his chair. “What kind of trouble?”
“… Not sure, but there’s safety in numbers.”
“Shouldn’t this be a legal issue now, Scott?” Melissa had moved closer to him on the couch and he took her hand.
“”It’s getting close to that. Dad probably wants me to give negotiating one last try before we drag in the lawyers.”
“Want me to come up with you and Tyler?” she asked.
“… No. Absolutely not… There could be real trouble. The owner’s son is a hothead and I don’t want you involved in something that could potentially get rough.”
“But it’s okay for you to be…”
“It’s my winery… my problem.”
Maria and Melissa shared a look.  Maria knew that look meant that Melissa was going to wheedle an invitation up to Paso with him somehow.  She couldn’t help it – When she got involved with someone, she was in all the way.
Tyler yawned and reached over for Maria’s hand. He stood up with her. “We should take off. Let me know when you need me, Scott.  I’ll do what I can to back you up.”
Scott nodded at him. “…Will do.”
“Thanks again for dinner, Maria. Everything was fabulous,” said Melissa. “I’ll call you tomorrow.”
The girls hugged briefly at the door… Tyler and Maria left.
“They seem to be hitting it off,” smiled Maria once they’d headed back to her apartment.
“They seem to be hitting it off,” smiled Melissa as she closed the door.  She walked back to Scott. “Ready for bed?”
“Yes, sweetie.  Anytime you are.” Scott flashed her a bright smile before reaching to pull her close.
“Didn’t we just do this?”
“Can’t we do it again?” He gave her a mock pout.
“Will it make your ankle feel better?”
“… You bet…”
“All right then.  Bed, it is…”


* * *



CHAPTER THIRTEEN


Walt Granger… The man had an incredible face, thought Melissa.  Light gray hair with some dark blonde hair streaking through, solid chin, smooth face that could crinkle attractively when he smiled… Which he did when Scott made introductions.  His piercing eyes were dark blue steel.  He had a bruise on his right temple – Gotten when he ran into a branch recently out in the vineyard, he said.  It only seemed to enhance his persona as someone not to be messed with… Or lied to… Walt reminded her of Gary Cooper in ‘High Noon’.  Now she realized where Scott got his good looks and, apparently, his stubborn streak.
They were sitting in the Granger living room in their home by the winery. She could hear the peacocks crying outside.  Walt had given Melissa a glass of iced tea and was being quite hospitable. She glanced at Scott’s reaction.
“I hope you like that, Melissa,” Walt began. “Scott’s mother was the hostess.  I’m a pretty poor substitute.”
She smiled at him. “No, this is great. Thank you.” She glanced around at the family home. “You have a lovely home here, Mr. Granger.”
“Call me Walt, please.  And thanks… Again, Mary is the one to compliment.” He glanced around too.  “She’s the one who made the house a home.” His eyes slid to Scott.
“Right you are, Dad.  Mom was wonderful in all she did.”
“I’m sorry she’s not here.  When did she pass on?” asked Melissa.
“About ten years ago… Hard to believe.” Melissa thought his eyes got a little misty.  So far Walt was the complete opposite of the ogre she expected.
They chatted for a few minutes while Scott tried to analyze the scene.  His father was being charming, really charming… Something he hadn’t seen in years – Not since his mother died actually.  Turning his attention to Melissa, he realized he’d gotten very lucky when he bumped into her that day in the winery.  Her pretty auburn hair was softly curled in waves around her lovely face.  Sparkling green eyes that could sink ships.  She had his father eating out of her hand… How could that possibly be?  Still, she was funny and sexy… beautiful… fun to be with and…
“Scott?” Walt tried again. “You with us, son?”
He shook his head to clear the Melissa cobwebs. “Yeah, Dad, I’m here.”
“Want to get to it?”
“Yes, sir.” Scott reached into his back pocket and pulled out a photo. Sam’s photo…  He handed it to his father.
“What’s this?”
“… Take a look.” Melissa shot him a curious glance.
Walt’s face softened and he blew out a breath.  “Whew… That’s a long time ago… Where’d you get this?”
“Sam…”
“Thought so.”
“… He pointed out that little kid behind Grandpa’s legs, Dad.  He reminded me that I’d been born to this life… this soil… these vineyards.  The air that I breathe has the smell of the grapes in them…”
“True. So?”
“It’s my world as much as yours.  I love it here… I’ve studied, researched, analyzed, thought, and thought and thought some more.  I know what I’m asking is a major risk, but wasn’t yours too?  You know, when you took over the winery from your dad and made some dramatic changes to how things would be run?”
“The winery was sinking, Scott.  A few more years and it would have been bankrupt if I’d kept doing things the way Grandpa did.”
“And how are we doing now?”
“Well,” Walt licked his lips, looked over at Melissa and back to Scott. “You know we’ve got a good cash flow for this year, at least.”
“And the next?”
“… It’s not as certain.”
“How about the water situation?”
“That’s a problem, for sure.  I realize there’s only so much water to go around. With this drought, I know we have to come up with something besides irrigation.”
“How about buying the water from that Paso Robles vineyard? That isn’t going to last, is it?”
“No, son, it isn’t. With Melissa as a witness, explain again what you want to do.”
Scott sat up straighter in his chair. She noticed his deep intake of breath and his excited eyes.
“My plan is twofold: First, to keep with the Granger signature white wines, in particular, we buy our grapes for next year from somebody else.  I’ve been scouting a few other vineyards that we could buy our grapes from and not have to deal with the water fight we’ve gotten into with the Paso vineyard.”
“So you want to continue to buy our grapes from another vineyard for at least another year?”
“Maybe two, depending other variables…”
“Where are you looking?”
“There’s a good vineyard in Templeton, possibly two and one in Edna Valley.”
“Okay… That sounds plausible.  Both areas have the kind of grapes we can use.”
“… That was my thought too.”
Walt shifted in his chair. “More iced tea, Melissa?”
She blinked in surprise that he’d come back to her.  Caught up in their conversation, Melissa wondered if this wasn’t some sort of power play on Walt’s part.
“No, thanks. I’m fine.”
And his attention went back to Scott.  Those piercing eyes drilled right into him, but Scott didn’t even flinch.  Wow… Interesting dynamic and a bit scary…
“That might work.  Our contract is up in a month with the Paso vineyard and we could begin negotiations with a new vineyard then.  One that’s a bit more generous with their water.” His eyes drilled a little deeper into Scott’s.
“The second part of my plan is, as you know, to take that Arroyo Grande acreage and to plant a new varietal.  I’ve talked it over with Sam who likes the idea.  It’s the Barbera from Italy, Dad.  I know you’re familiar with it. It’s drought resistant and I’d like to grow it organically.”
“Yes, I know it and Sam has spoken to me about it.  I realize that our climate is warming and a different grape may be the answer.  But we would get fewer bottles with a new grape, especially farmed the way you want to…” Scott blinked, stunned.
“… That’s temporary and we’d keep producing the signature wines to balance for a few years more.  So…”
“It’s a leap of faith, son.  Where are you going to get the money to do this?  We’re doing all right, but we don’t have the kind of capital you need for this new undertaking.”
“I’d like to bring Melissa in at this point. She’s the events planner and has a few ideas.”
Both men turned their focus to Melissa.  She put on her professional hat and went to work.  She’d dealt with much scarier people than Walt Granger during her years in business…
“Mr. Granger… Walt.  I have some experience that could help Granger Winery.  After the grapes are planted, I want to start a marketing campaign to advertise the new grape.  All my research shows that for years, wineries have only advertised a few varietals: Cabernet Sauvignon, Chardonnay, Pinot Grigio, Pinot Noir and so on.  And we all know there’s hundreds more varietals that wine consumers simply don’t know about.”
“True…”
“So we help them to find out about the Barbera.  It’ll be a household name in a few years.”
“What kind of marketing campaign?”
“Signs, radio, TV ads, highway signs where allowed, print sources and, of course, a website and other social media.  I noticed that Granger Winery doesn’t even have a website.”
Walt shot Scott a look.  “Yes, that’s been pointed out to me already.  Would a website really be helpful?”
She nodded enthusiastically.  “In this digital age, sir, it’s almost a necessity.”
“Hmm… That answers the advertising question, but how about the elephant in the room?”
“Which elephant is that?”
“How is Scott going to get the money to buy the new grape plants, pay for the labor involved and buy the equipment he’ll need?  Where’s that going to come from?”
“Walt, if I may…” Melissa handed him a pamphlet that she’d prepared over the last few days for this meeting.  It had a description of the Granger Winery, its production numbers for its current wines and projected production numbers for the wine made from the new grape.  He read further information about how the investment monies would be used and for what.
“Impressive, Melissa. Who gets the pamphlet?”  She looked at Scott who nodded.
“I’m going to have a party for invited investors.  As you can see in the pamphlet, I have numbers for discharging their investments and projected profits.  As everyone knows, a new wine is a gamble…”
“That’s very true, miss… A big gamble…”
“… But that’s also part of the attraction.”  Walt leaned in.  “I know many investors who would jump at an opportunity to get on the ground floor of a new varietal being introduced in California.”
She took a deep breath. “I’m pretty sure we can make this work, Walt.  What do you think?”
Walt turned the pamphlet around in his hands.  He looked gravely at Scott and then at Melissa.
“I’m sure my son has told you that we’ve had a few discussions about all this.”
“Yes, sir.”
“We’ve beaten each other up over this new grape and what Scott wants to do…” He waited a few minutes to continue, gathering his thoughts.  Melissa and Scott sat, watched him…
“This is the first time that it’s made even a little sense to me and I think we have you to thank for that, Melissa.” They began breathing again.  “Sam’s hit me up as well, so here’s what I think.”
“Scott, if you can get some investors who realize it’s a gamble that may not pay off, then all right.  If these are loans, the answer is no.  If these investors know that they may not be repaid, then my answer is to have the party and see what happens.  I’m still not convinced that you can make it happen.”
“Dad, the grape’s a good one.”
“I think so too, son, but I don’t want us stuck with hundreds of bottles of wine that we can’t sell.  With investors to pay back, it would sink the winery.”  He looked sternly at them both.  “Still want to try it?  Still believe in it?  Scott?”
“Absolutely, Dad. I think it’s the right thing to do at the right time.  The wine business is slow to change, but it is changing.  California’s water problems are guaranteeing that.  It’s time…”
Walt’s attention turned. “Melissa?”
She sat up straighter and gave him a confident look.  “I believe in Scott and I know he can do it.”
Scott blinked and his eyes smarted. Walt smiled big and leaned over to slap Scott on the back.
“She’s like Grandma Granger, isn’t she, Scott?”
“I really think so…”
They both gazed fondly at Melissa with huge smiles on their faces.  She shifted self-consciously in her seat and returned their smiles.  Scott thought again how very lucky he’d gotten indeed…
Walt and Scott suddenly stood up and reached out to shake one another’s hands.  Melissa stood up too and Walt walked over to give her a hug.  Scott’s jaw dropped in total surprise, but then shook his head.  He should have known she’d be a big hit with his dad.  As Maria said, Melissa can do anything.  This evening was living proof of that.  He had much to thank her for and couldn’t wait to get her home to thank her.  Big smile…
Walking them out, Walt reminded Scott. “Don’t forget tomorrow.  You’ve got to smooth the situation in Paso to get us through this year.  The crop’s about ready and we’ve got to have that water.” He glanced over at Melissa.
“Take her with you.”  When Scott started to object, he closed the conversation.  “She’s the best thing that’s happened to you in years, son.  She’ll bring you luck and you’re going to need some.”
On the ride back to her apartment, Melissa tried not to gloat.  “I guess your dad kinda likes me.” She grinned out the window as Scott concentrated on driving. “And you shouldn’t be driving yet.”
“My foot’s fine,” he grumbled. “I can’t believe how well that went.  He’s been horrible about this for years.”
“Maybe he finally realized that the times, they are a’changing.”
“… Hard to believe…”
“… Maybe he just likes me…”
Scott shrugged. “Believe me, Melissa, when I say I appreciate what you did… It’s just that…”
“…Just what?”
“I’m just expecting the other shoe to fall.  He gave in too easily… Something’s up, something’s wrong…”
“What could be wrong?”
“I don’t know. We’ll find out eventually.”
She touched his arm.  “In the meantime, couldn’t you be happy? Maybe just a little bit?”
He softened when he looked at her.  “You’re right.  You’re usually right… I’m sorry – I promise to be happy.”
She frowned…confused… That didn’t sound right. His response was off.
Returning to the apartment, they snuggled in bed to watch an old movie, ‘High Noon’ on television.  Gary Cooper? Unbelievable… Melissa thought it was appropriate for the evening – A man succeeds against great odds with the help of the woman he loves…
It couldn’t be a better ending to the day, according to Melissa, but she knew that Scott was still chewing things over…


* * *



CHAPTER FOURTEEN


Paso Robles, nicknamed Paso, was a small town in central coastal California mostly known for its hot springs, olive oil, almond orchards and wineries.  Lots and lots of wineries… The city rose in elevation from San Luis Obispo and was blanketed in the California chaparral environment.  Bordering San Luis Obispo County to the south and Monterey County to the north, Paso was some twenty miles from the Pacific Ocean.
As such, its location and climate made it an ideal Mediterranean type of area for growing grapes.  Winters were long and cool but the close proximity to the ocean gave it a marine layer creating the occasional fog.
As for water, Paso had often been written about as California’s oldest watering place – the place to go for springs and mud baths. Spanish conquistadors and Franciscan missionaries had introduced wine grapes.  Spanish explorer Cortez had encouraged settlers from Mexico to cultivate grapes.  Commercial winemaking had begun in the 1800s and had progressed to a flurry of activity by the 1900s.  By 2000, wines produced in the Paso Robles area had become award winners and known to be some of the best in the world.
Scott had explained all this to Melissa on the way in the car to give her some background as to why the grapes in this area were so good.  And after they’d hiked for a while in the vineyard where Granger Winery’s grapes were grown, she felt as tired as one of those conquistadors must have felt lugging all the equipment around that Scott and Tyler needed to test the crop.
They’d gone to the main house of the vineyard first, where the owner lived to talk to him about the irrigation problem, as Walt had asked.  But the man wasn’t home yet, so Scott left word that they were going to test the grapes in the vineyard while they were there to see how ripe they were, how close to harvest.
Melissa hoisted the heavy backpack on her shoulder and tried to steady the notebook in which she was writing.  She dragged around this little campstool and attempted to sit on it while writing as Scott and Tyler called out information to her.  Her handwriting looked like chickens had been scratching on the page, and she’d fallen off the campstool a few times already trying to keep balanced with all her stuff.
They’d been there for a few hours now and had hiked around to many spots in the vineyard, picking random grapes from various clusters.  Apparently, Scott was nowhere close to being done.
“Hand me that refractometer again, Melissa…” he called out to her.
She dutifully pulled the backpack down again and fished out the device he wanted.
“What’s this do again?”
“… Measures the sugar content of the grape…”
She watched as he first tasted a grape and made several faces that she couldn’t interpret.
“Write this down – Sweet, not tart with a pleasant aftertaste.”
He squished a grape and smeared some of its juice on the refractometer. Then he held it up to the light to read a small scale on it.
“Write this – Grape #... what number grape is this?”
“Forty…” she replied wearily.
“Okay, Grape #40 registers 22 on Brix scale.”
“22 on the Brix?” yelled over Tyler from another vine.
“Yep.”
“Getting there, Scott.”
“What’s the Brix scale again?” she called out to him.
“… Helps measure the sugar content of the grape to estimate the alcohol content…”
“…Ah…” She blew a strand of hair off her face with a weary breath.
“Get out the hydrometer, Melissa.”
When she groaned, he glanced over at her and smiled. “Tired?”
“Yes… Aren’t you done yet?”
“Not even. We have to test for Ph and acidity too while we’re here.”
She groaned again and reluctantly got out the hydrometer for those tests as well.  A long, cylindrical glass container that she almost dropped with a sweaty hand…
The sun was beginning to glare and moisture beaded on her forehead and neck.  Any breeze would have been very welcome -- She was beginning to droop like a wilted daisy.
“I had no idea growing grapes was so technical,” she muttered.
“Did you say something, honey?” he yelled over at her.
“No…” she mumbled back. He wandered back over to her.
“… Can you hang in there for a few more tests? We need to do at least fifty to get a good sense of the grapes’ maturity and if we can harvest.”
“Yes…  Walt wanted me to be here and I’m, by God, going to be here.”  She said to him and then mumbled when he walked away, “Even if it kills me…”
Tyler and Scott kept on picking grapes and testing them for another hour while Melissa dutifully wrote down their findings.  She was sincerely hoping things would wrap up soon when she heard someone calling for Scott.
“Granger! You back here?  Granger!”
The voice was angry and insistent. She guessed whoever it was wanted to talk to Scott and now…
“Granger!”
“Back here…”
Scott and Tyler walked into her view about the same time a very angry young man did as well.  Medium height with messy brown hair and blazing eyes, he must have walked over to the vineyard from the main house – She assumed he was either the owner or the hothead son.  When he got right up in Scott’s face, Melissa knew it was the hothead son.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?”
“… Testing the grapes, Eddy, what does it look like?”
“These are our grapes.”
“Wrong. We buy them from you, which makes them our grapes.”
He stepped closer.  Tyler walked up then to stand next to Scott.
“These are our grapes – We sell them to you when they’re harvested.”
They glared at one another for a moment…
“Don’t be an idiot… We’ve done this testing forever. Your dad never minded.”
“Well, I do…”
“I don’t give a shit what you mind or don’t mind, Eddy.  All I care about is that you threatened to turn off the water to this section of the vineyard.”
“You know we have to think of our own grapes first.”
“We paid for that water. You can’t hold it back from our grapes.”
“I can and I will…”
“Who’s calling the shots here? You or your dad?”
That stopped him for a minute as he continued to glare at Scott.
“You got no right to be on our property.”
“You can’t stop me, Eddy…”
“… I sure as hell can…”
She didn’t see it coming… Fast and neat, he punched Scott in the face…hard.  Melissa backed up with all the equipment as Scott and Eddy traded punches.  Tyler tried to grab Eddy from the rear to pull him off Scott but he hung on tenaciously.  He got off a hard jab to Scott’s right eye that sent him falling backwards into some vines.  Eddy struggled to free himself and then turned to punch Tyler who went sprawling in the other direction. Tyler landed in a rose bush and yelped at the many thorns pricking him as the plant defended itself.
By this time, Scott was on his feet again and barreled right into Eddy. They went sprawling on the ground and rolled over by Melissa’s toes. When Eddy’s head popped up, she reached over and hit him over the head with her backpack.  That momentarily stunned him and gave Tyler time to subdue him by pinning his arms behind his back.
Everything stopped then and everyone just blinked… breathing hard.
All three men were covered in dirt, grapes and leaves, plus their faces had bruises beginning to bloom already. Melissa stood there with her mouth open…  Brains had ceased functioning.  After a few minutes, breathing finally began to calm.
Scott shook his head, shaking off a bunch of leaves and dirt as another man ran up.
“Scott, you all right?”
“Fine, Bob…”
Bob? Who the hell was Bob?
A tall, gaunt man with gray hair and dark eyes turned angrily to Eddy, “What on God’s green earth do you think you’re doing? You idiot…”
Tyler released Eddy who shuffled his feet and kicked absently at a rock. “They were on the property, Dad. You said no one was allowed without permission.”
“Damn it, Eddy. I want this whole business settled.” He turned to Scott. “Would you come back to the house, Scott?  Let’s stop this nonsense. I’ve had enough trouble – Have you?”
Scott nodded. “Sure have.  We’ll be along in a minute, sir.”
Bob nodded back and grabbed Eddy by the arm. “Dang fool… Do I have to lock you in your room?”
As they walked back to the house, Scott and Tyler smiled at each other. “Eddy’s gotten too big for his britches, I guess.”  They turned to Melissa.
She was shell-shocked… Her face was white and at first she couldn’t speak, then the words tumbled out in breathy little spurts.
“What… the hell was that?  We’re… we’re testing grapes and out of nowhere… some maniac… shows up and… and just starts throwing punches.  Walt should have warned me…” She folded her arms in front of her chest.
Scott walked over to her and gently pulled her to him.  She started breathing again.  “Are you okay?”
“I’m fine,” she said against his chest.  “How about you and Tyler?”
He pulled her back to look in her eyes. “You look a little shaky.” He glanced over at Tyler. “How you doing?”
“I’ll survive…”
Tyler started massaging a sore arm while Melissa reached up to tenderly touch Scott’s eye. He winced…
“You’re going to have a black eye for sure.”
“Couldn’t be helped. I’m not going to sit back and take shit from that nut.”
“I didn’t say you should. But you’re going to hurt in the morning…”
“Yep… Probably.”
While the men tried to shake off the after effects of the fight, Melissa checked the backpack for anything broken. Both the hydrometer and refractometer looked cracked.  But her notebook was good with all the test findings… Anything else could be replaced.
“Well, the equipment looks broken…”
“Damn… Dad’s going to whine about that…”
“Sorry… It seemed like the thing to do at the time.”
“…But he won’t say much because you did it, Melissa,” Scott laughed. “Plus it helped stop the fight -- he’ll probably thank you…”
After checking for any broken bones, they walked down to the main house where Bob was waiting for them on the front porch.  Eddy was nowhere in sight…
“Come on in.  Let’s get you cleaned up.  Scott… Tyler…” He looked over and finally saw Melissa.  “And now, who would this be?”
“This is my girlfriend, Melissa Meyers, Bob. She’s been helping us with the grape testing.” Girlfriend? Really? When had that happened?
“How do you do, miss? Sorry you got caught in the middle of this thing. Let’s get you cleaned up too…”
After scraping off the mud, dirt and leaves, they met up in Bob’s huge living room. He popped beers for them all and stood up when Melissa came into the room.
“Sit here, Melissa. I sure hope you like beer.  It’s all I’ve got…”
“Sure, Bob. Thanks.”
He looked around at them. “How in the hell did this get so far gone? I want to apologize for my stupid son. He heard me complaining and took it upon himself to take action. I never asked him to start swinging at you guys.”
Bob looked sincere, so Scott and Tyler took him at his word.
“If it cleared the air, I’m okay with it… now,” began Scott.  “But we need to fix this thing, Bob.”
“Right, I totally agree.”
“Do you want to start?”
“Do we need your dad in on this?”
“… No, sir. I represent Granger Winery.”
“All right. Here’s the deal, Scott.” Bob grabbed up his bottle to take a quick pull.  Apparently, his mouth was dry…
“We have less irrigation water than last year. You know the amount has gone down every year. This year the water authority just decreased the amount in the middle of the season without much notification.  All of the vineyard owners in the north county are up in arms about it, but there’s little we can do.  There’s only so much water in the reservoirs. That’s when all hell broke loose.”
“So you just took it upon yourself to limit the water to the part of the vineyard where our grapes our grown…”
“Yes and I’m sorry we didn’t sit down then to let you know what was happening.”
“I saw the irrigation water myself, Bob.  It was running just fine… Has something else happened?”
“Yes. Just last week a drought relief bill passed the Senate.  It, hopefully, will loosen some restrictions – We saw some of that just last week when the state watermaster let out more water from the reservoir.”
Scott let out a breath. “So we came to blows for nothing?”
“Sorry… I hadn’t explained everything to Eddy.  All he must have heard was the tail-end of a few angry discussions.”
Scott thought that over for a minute and glanced over at Tyler who nodded.
“I should let you know right now that we’re going to make new arrangements next year for growing our grapes.”
“I expected that. We’re cutting our crop for next year because of this whole mess. The wine business seems to be going off the walls…”
“… Or slowly changing.”
Bob stood up to reach out to Scott. “Sorry, son…”
Scott stood to shake his hand. “Apology accepted, sir.”
Tyler and Melissa stood up too.
“We should be going. The grapes are ready to harvest, Bob. Would next week be all right with you?”
“Fine, fine. Whatever you say. I want this unpleasantness done…”
“It is…”
Back in the car and heading for home, Melissa couldn’t think of anything to say.  Scott noticed how quiet she was and looked over at her.
“You okay?”
“…I think I’m really beat… And I don’t mean beaten up.”
“Hey… We gave as good as we got, Melissa,” said Tyler from the backseat.
“Are you meeting Maria tonight?” she asked him.
“Yes… Scott… Just drop me off at the apartment complex.”
“Will do… Melissa?” She turned to look at him.  “Come back to my place in Avila tonight?”
When she didn’t respond immediately, he tried again. “I’m sorry about all this today – Honestly…”
“I know you are. I’m just really tired.”
“… My condo looks out on the beach…” She smiled over at him. “And I have wine…”
“That sounds nice… Okay, I just need to stop at my apartment to pick up a few things.”
“Good…”
Tyler smiled… Scott smiled… Melissa stared out the window and wondered what she’d gotten herself into… Was this really the life she wanted? She was an events planner, not a referee or bouncer. Hmmm… Might have to think about this…


* * *



CHAPTER FIFTEEN


While Melissa was attempting to think, Scott was trying to help her relax.  His condo really did open onto beautiful Avila Beach. Twilight was closing in on the day and a few stars lightly appeared to announce night was coming… With the ocean breezes blowing softly in from the open patio door, Scott clutched an ice pack to his eye in one hand, and poured her a glass of Chardonnay with the other.  She sat in a wicker chair on his back porch just trying to breathe.  When a star twinkled at her, she began to relax. It was hard to be upset in a Paradise setting.
“Thanks.” She reached up to take the glass he offered and took a sip.
“You’re welcome…” Scott sat down in a chair next to her holding on to his ice pack.
“Let’s see…” She pushed aside the pack to survey the damage.  “It’s already turning black and blue. Is it painful?”
“…A bit.”
“You can be honest. I’m not going to think you’re a wimp. I saw you pummel Eddy right back.”
“Okay. It hurts like hell.”
She laughed. “You go from an ankle brace to an ice pack. You should have stock in a drugstore…”
Smiling, he put down the ice pack and reached over to tuck some strands of hair behind her ear.  They stared at one another until he leaned over to rub his lips against hers.  She leaned into him and cradled his face with her hands.
“I’m so sorry about today,” he began.
“Shh…” Melissa gently kissed his sore eye and then both cheeks. He kept his eyes closed as she continued to kiss around his jaw and face.  Desire was unfurling like a rose… A curl of lust bloomed in his stomach, but he sat still… eager to see what she’d do next.  When she returned to his lips, she softly nipped his lower lip… He lifted her up to sit on his lap so he could kiss her more urgently.
“Scott…”
She stood up and he took her hand. On the way to his bedroom, Scott dropped the ice pack in the sink.
“Cold hands, warm heart,” he smiled at her.
“Don’t worry. I’ve got the perfect place to warm those hands.” She lifted an eyebrow…
They were getting pretty good at this… He lowered her to the bed and her legs tightened around his waist, pulling him to her.  When their mouths met, he needed to know that she was still with him, still wanted him…Today’s dust-up made him feel insecure for several reasons.
She was getting lost in the feelings and sensations that he brought out in her.  The bulge in his pants hardened pressing against the apex of her thighs. As his lips wandered down her throat, she found his zipper and what was beneath it. He slipped out of his pants as she slipped out of hers.  Shirt, blouse, bra went as fast as they could be whipped off, and panties disintegrated in his hands.
Can’t take this too fast, he thought and slowed down…
He felt the underside of her soft leg, kissed his way down her shoulder and around both breasts. She responded with delicious movement and breathy sounds, gasps…
He wanted to please her more than he wanted to be pleased.  Her body opened to him like a flower and he wanted to touch every inch.  Slow…sizzling… touches… His eyes took delight in what he saw in hers – unfocused, hazy to crystalized pleasure… Slipping inside, they moved together moaning and trembling before reaching their peaks.
Happy and satisfied, she put his hands between her legs.
“Warm enough?”
“Oh, yes…”
“You okay?”
“Oh, yes…”
She managed a weak laugh. “Can you say anything else?”
“… I think I miss the wetsuit.”
“Ha. Next time…”
“Let me go get it right now.” She laughed again at him.  He was funny and sexy and sweet.
Scott gathered her up in his arms and pulled the covers over them. She sighed as his arms held her close… Her eyes began to droop.
“Go to sleep, sweetie. You’ve earned a little rest.”
“Dinner?” she yawned.
“Let’s rest first…”
“…’Kay…” And she was out -- he wasn’t far behind… When they awoke several hours later, it was pitch dark.  She’d slept contentedly in his arms and hadn’t moved an inch away from him.  Just that fact alone told Scott more than he needed to know about her… How she felt about him… More than the words they weren’t saying could say…

* * *

A week later and they were all back in Paso again, this time harvesting the grapes.  Walt, Debra, sister Sue, Tyler and even Maria had joined them as well as Bob and various laborers.  Eddy didn’t make an appearance.
The striped vineyard had row after row of earth and vine for as far as the eye could see.  Each line of vines was twisted and snarled with neighboring vines on the wooden fences that connected them.  Clumps of juicy green grapes dangled from the vines in never-ending fashion.  Grapes were plentiful, moist and eager to be picked.  The smell in the air was rich and sweet… To one side sat an endless row of steel buckets to grab, fill up and return full…
Stepping up to a new row of grapes, Melissa knew she was using muscles that she’d never, ever used before in her lifetime.  A deep tissue massage was calling her for this evening… Moving to a new vine, she pushed away green and brown leaves to reach her reward – a clump of grapes dotted with moisture and begging to be plucked.  Her hands were damp from all the clumps she’d picked already and added this new one to her ever-filling bucket.  She shifted the bucket so it would be closer to her on the ground and proceeded to pick each clump of ripe grapes that she could find.
She’d worn her dark red hair back in a ponytail and wore a baseball cap to shade her eyes.  Scott had shown her how to plant her feet solidly on the hill that gently sloped beneath her.  Every time she moved, she’d have to replant her feet to make sure she didn’t take a tumble.  A hot bath was calling her as well…
Looking around the vineyard, Scott was pleased that everyone was pitching in and the job was getting done. It would take them several days, since Walt wouldn’t use machinery to harvest their grapes.  Handpicking would take longer, but grapes wouldn’t be bruised and fewer stems and leaves would find their way into the buckets.
When her bucket was finally filled – again – Melissa trudged back to the huge wooden container where the grapes were being deposited.  When all their grapes had been harvested, many wooden containers would be transported to the facility in Arroyo Grande where Granger Winery made their wines.  Melissa stood there for a minute, looking into the vineyard at all the people working hard.  She pulled off her cap and wiped the perspiration off her forehead.  Maria brought up her bucket and dumped her grapes into the big container. Melissa and Maria stood there looking at each other, breathing hard.
“I don’t know about you,” began Maria, “but I’m never going to look at a glass of wine in the same way, ever…”
“You can say that again,” laughed Melissa.  “Winemakers have earned my respect, for sure.”
Tyler and Scott were both far away harvesting grapes in another area.  Melissa knew they could pick twice as many grapes as she or Maria could, and marveled at the effort it took to make a bottle of wine.  Maria caught her glance and looked over to see what had Melissa’s interest.
“Scott, huh?” Melissa nodded.  “The two of you are getting pretty chummy… Do I hear any wedding bells?”
Melissa gasped and turned her head to gape at Maria.
“Are you nuts? We’ve only been seeing each for what… a few months, maybe?”
Maria shrugged.  “How long does it take?”
“I could throw the whole wedding thing back at you… Have you taken Tyler down to meet the family yet?”
“As a matter of fact, yes…”
Melissa gaped at her again, this time with her mouth open.
“… What? He’s met your family?”
“Mom called several days ago and invited Tyler and me down to my nephew’s christening party.  I asked Tyler if he wanted to go with me and he said yes… So we went…”
“Just like that?”
“… Just like that.”
She stared at her another minute.
“Well… what happened?  Details, please…”
“You know what it’s like at one of my family’s functions.”
“…Sure.  There’s a million relatives and they’re all talking at once.”
“Yes,” Maria laughed. “With not much to say, but they say it with gusto…”
“How’d they like Tyler?”
“… They cocooned him asking him everything in Spanish and English.”
“What’d he do?”
“It didn’t faze him… He started responding to them in Spanish.  He’s been taking lessons…”
“Oh, my…” She looked deeply into her friend’s dark eyes. “… That sounds serious, Maria.”
“I know… He’s just too cute.” She looked almost shy for a minute.  “I think he’s the one, Melissa…”
She blinked, surprised.  A slow smile spread across her face… She reached out to give Maria a huge hug.
“Remember I’m Maid of Honor…”
“Yes, you’ve already claimed that position, as I recall.”
They were still hugging when Scott and Tyler walked up with their buckets of grapes to pour into the large container.
“What’s up?” said Scott when he saw them.
They wiped teary eyes with the bottoms of their shirts while the guys just stared at them.
“What’s going on?” asked Tyler.  “Are you hurt?”
“Nope… just happy…” Melissa hugged Maria again and wiped off her forehead, readjusting her hat.  “Back to work…”
Maria shrugged at him, smiled and followed her back to another row of vines leaving them blinking at retreating backs.
“Not sure I understand women, Scott…”
“Got that right.  Inexplicable…”
“… Good word.”
Pause…
“Ready for a beer?”
“Yep.  When?”
“… Soon.”
“Well, all right…”
And the men followed Maria and Melissa back out into the vineyard for a few more hours work.  When Walt finally called a halt to the day’s harvest, everyone groaned simultaneously and stretched aching backs.  But a good dent had been made and now rest was needed to start it all again the next day…  And the day after that…
It would several backbreaking days of hard work, but the grapes were finally harvested and ready to be made into Granger wine…


* * *



CHAPTER SIXTEEN


Melissa was super busy for the next few weeks… She had several events planned and had hundreds of details to organize trying to make those events the very best they could be.  In spare moments, she worked on Deb’s party but was steely focused on the investment party for Scott.  That would be happening very soon now and she was packed to the gills with work.
She and Scott had managed to stay either at her place in San Luis or his condo in Avila practically every night.  It was becoming comfortable to just phone and ask him what he wanted for dinner or to ask him to pick up something.
But this past week had been a crazy one… One event blurred into the next and they hadn’t seen each other in three days.  Scott had called last night and begged her for an hour’s lunch today.  He’d missed her, he said… It hit her hard as she walked towards him, how much she’d really missed him.
Scott was waiting for her in front of the Mission close to downtown San Luis Obispo.  The Mission was just one in the series of twenty-one churches built by Franciscan friars long ago up and down the California coast.  They were still actively used and this one was a focus of the downtown area.
She glanced at the long stone building as she walked by.  Tall Eucalyptus trees fronted the church and lined one side of the plaza in front of the Mission. Melissa had arranged several events in this plaza and knew every inch.  There was a small fountain by the street entrance with two statues of bears grabbing fish from the water – That’s where Scott was waiting for her.
She came up from the other side of the Mission just as the church began its noonday peal … Scott hadn’t seen her yet.  He looked so handsome in jeans and a blue shirt… Smiling, she noticed he’d combed his dark blonde hair, usually full of leaves, and watched as two women strolled by checking him out.  He saw her then and began walking towards her… The women, very pretty blondes, smiled at her.  One shrugged her shoulders and then they laughingly moved in another direction.
“Apparently, I rescued you just in time,” she remarked as he pulled her to him and kissed her.
“… In time for what?”
“You were in the process of being ambushed.”
“What in the world are you talking about?”
“You didn’t see those two lovely ladies giving you the once-over?”
He glanced around and behind. “No. I guess I missed it.”  Turning back to her, a big smile was on his face. “…All I saw was you…”
He kissed her again while her heart melted all over the plaza.
“… But I could go look for them, if you want… You know, to see if they need any help with… whatever…” He was laughing at her.
“Oh, ha. Very funny, Mr. Granger. You’re a regular riot…”
“…Just so I’m not irregular…”
They looked at each other and burst out laughing.
“You really need to get out of the fermenting room more often.  All that winemaking is making you woozy.”
“Woozy?” He laughed. “Come on. Let’s eat…I’m starving.”
He took her hand and laced her fingers with his.  They began walking across the bridge and along the creek that snaked its way through the middle of town.  The water level was low, so children and their parents were playing in it, stepping on stones and trying to keep their leashed dogs in tow.  It was a happy fall day and they smiled at each other as they strolled along.
“I’ve missed you…”
“I’ve missed you too…”
“What’s your schedule like for the rest of the week? I’m hoping you can make it to Avila tonight.  Your side of the bed is getting cold…”
She grinned.  He really was a sweet guy… “I have a bachelorette party tonight at The Cliffs down in Shell Beach and a children’s birthday party tomorrow here in town.  Then I have a day off, which is good because we need to look over the itinerary for the investment party on Saturday.”
“That’s only a few days away… Hard to believe it’s come up so fast.”
“… Time flies when you’re having fun.”
They reached the restaurant and Scott asked for a table overlooking the creek.  The front of the restaurant faced the main street of San Luis Obispo, while the back had a nice open deck creekside.  It was a popular place and they were pleased to get a table at all – Getting one by the creek was an added pleasure.
A waiter brought them water and menus, but Melissa put hers down to look at him.  Scott took a sip of his water and glanced up from his menu.
“Have you decided what you want to order?”
“Yes, I’d like the Caesar salad with salmon.  It’s done well here…”
He put down his menu too. “Sounds good. I’ll have that too.”  Scott reached over to take her hand.  “Please come back to my place tonight, Melissa.  I need to see you…”
“… You are seeing me,” she teased.
He rolled his eyes. “Yes, honey, I know… I meant with a little more privacy…”
She squeezed his hand. “I know what you meant…”
The waiter came up then, took their orders and left.  Melissa looked around the restaurant and saw one or two people she knew. She waved at one woman.
“Do you want to talk about the investment party?”
“No. Maybe later…”
“How’s the winemaking going?”
“We’ve finished the crushing and pressing… What time is the bachelorette party?”
“It’s at six… What’s pressing again?”
“… We separate the juice from the grapes and their skins… Can I crash the party at The Cliffs?”
“No,” she laughed. “It’s for women only – Thus the name, bachelorette…
You know, a grape-stomping party would be a good event for your winery…”
“…Maybe next year.  The grapes are already crushed and going into fermentation… Don’t you need some help carrying in supplies, decorations or something?”
She laughed again… “No, I really don’t need any help tonight.  I thought you’d be busy at the winery… And what happens during fermentation?”
He shook his head.  “The wine goes into oak barrels and kept airlocked for three to six months… Maybe I could show up in the bar and you could sneak over to see me once or twice.  I’ll be quiet…”
“Why is the wine airlocked?  And I can’t believe you’d stay out of the way if you showed up at the party…”
Their food arrived which temporarily halted their wacky conversation.
Scott bit into his salmon, chewed and swallowed before responding to her.
“…Not sure how long I can keep up two conversations at once.”
Grinning, Melissa wiped her mouth on her napkin and looked over at him.
“You’re really cute, did you know?”
“Yes, because you keep telling me… If I can’t come out to The Cliffs, will you please come to my condo afterwards? I don’t care what time it’s over…”
“… Only if you tell me what it means to airlock wine…”
Scott refrained from rolling his eyes again. “…The wine is kept tightly sealed to protect it from oxidation, which can wreck the wine.  Then we rack it to remove any sediment… Please come by…”
She swallowed her bite of salad and chuckled. “Whatever did you do before I came along?  You seem kind of needy to me…”
He nodded his head. “I’ve become needy, that’s the honest truth. I need to put my arms around you…”
Her forkful of salmon stopped before it reached her mouth. She realized their relationship was taking a right turn into the serious… “You do?”
“Yes, honey. I do…”
She smiled again. “So what happens after fermentation?”
Scott wearily ate another mouthful, watching her as he chewed. He wiped his mouth with his napkin and blew out a breath.  “… Melissa…”
“… I really want to know.”
“I really want something too.  Why don’t we barter?”
“What’d you have in mind?”
“I promise to go over the rest of the steps in the winemaking process – testing, blending, filtration and bottling – if you promise to come over tonight after your event.  Hmmm?”
“Well…”
“I’ll go over every step in minute detail with my arms wrapped around you while we’re lying in my nice, warm bed… How would that be?”
She playfully batted her long eyelashes at him. “…Mmm…”
“That way you get what you want and I get what I want.”
“It does seem fair.”
“… I might even squeeze in a few kisses…”
“…Huh…”
“… Whisper a few terms of endearment in your pretty ear…”
“…Scott…”
“…that might whip you into a frenzy of lust, so you’ll be dying to make love to me.”
“That so? Seems like you have our evening all planned out.  What should I do?”
“Just show up, sweetie.  Please?”
She laughed again. “Finish your salad, honey. You had me at crushing and pressing.”
Gazing deeply into her eyes, he tried again. “…It’s not the salad I want…”
“Gotcha… Can you wait until ten or eleven? The party should wrap about then.”
“I’ll be waiting, breathlessly…”
“Scott… You’re really showing me your hand here. What’s gotten into you?”
He ran a hand through his hair. “Everything is just more with you.  More fun…more meaningful… more… lovely – Just like you.” She gazed back at him incredulously.
“It’s a crying shame that I have to get back to work soon. I’m about ready to ambush you by the Mission myself…”
They stared at each other, food forgotten.  I love you was right there on the tips of tongues.  Before Scott could go there, Melissa glanced at her watch.
“I do need to go, Scott.”
“All right, let’s finish up.” He signaled for the waiter and paid the check.
After finishing, they started walking down by the creek again… He put his arm around her waist. “See you tonight then?”
“The way I feel right now, wild horses couldn’t keep me away.”
“…or wild women?”
“Nope. I’ll see you later.”
He kissed her in front of the Mission and watched her walk away.  She was so lovely with that beautiful face and pretty auburn hair.  Her lithe figure taunted him to grab her and kiss her brainless.  Tonight… tonight for sure… He couldn’t wait and didn’t give it a second thought that he hadn’t dated anyone else since Melissa came into his life.  And, what’s more, he didn’t want to see anyone else.
Before leaving his view, she turned around to blow him a kiss.  Damn…the feelings she stirred up in him.  He stood still just absorbing that floating kiss for a minute before he could move. Scott thought he’d call Tyler to meet him for a beer later.  Not that he’d get his mind off Melissa by meeting Tyler… The guy was all the way gone on her friend, Maria, and he was expecting wedding bells pealing soon for them.
A wedding?  That gave him pause and sent his busy mind thinking down another road.  Wow… would it be smooth or bumpy, and did he really want to find out?


* * *



CHAPTER SEVENTEEN


The next morning Scott was standing in the back part of the Granger Winery in the midst of dozens of huge oak barrels.  The room was chilly and lined with row after row of French oak barrels stacked together, filled with different varieties of Granger wines aging gracefully.  Smooth rock walls met a slate floor with light peeking in from two doors toward the rear.  The barrels held the winery’s hope within their dark, wooden interiors and latticed round shapes.  And for the life of him, Scott couldn’t remember why he’d walked in there.  Was he losing his mind?
Probably… One minute he was thinking of the secondary fermentation of the wine and the filtration process yet to be done.  The next minute his mind was bombarded with images of making love to Melissa last night and, God help him, this morning in the shower.  He glanced around nervously to make sure no one could see him acting like a lovesick fool…
Trying to concentrate, Scott decided he’d probably need to rack the wine pretty soon and… an image of Melissa’s naked, wet body knocked the wind out of him… She’d awakened before him and had gotten into the shower. The noise of running water woke him and he decided to join her.
Scott caught himself and shook his head, attempting to dislodge the erotic images that followed…  Okay, we should probably rack the wine before we… and there she was again… With water cascading down on her, Melissa was gorgeous, juicy and ready to be plucked.  His mind played the scene back to him in slow motion and in vivid, colorful detail…
He got in the shower with her and wrapped an arm around her waist.  The other hand reached down to cup between her thighs, which made her moan.  Her moan encouraged the kissing of her shoulders.  He’d swept her wet hair out of the way to plant some juicy smooches on her lovely neck and back… Which caused more moaning… a few gasps too when his fingers spread out from the cup and he found the inside of her thighs.  With water rushing down, his insistent finger and massaging her beautiful breasts, her body started quivering. He increased her quivering by inserting a second finger and letting them play a little faster… Before he knew it, she nearly folded, leaning against him spent… For the moment…
Oh, my… What am I thinking? Racking the wine? What wine? Hell…Where am I right now?
His mind continued the picture show… Scott had turned her around and raised her up to accommodate him.  His erection was pulsating with arousal and need… His blood was on fire and demanded some relief.  She wrapped a leg around him and away they went… Thrusting was a bit tricky in a slippery shower, but he had locked his feet in place on the mat and was able to push into her… time… after time… after glorious time… Panting, she wrapped her arms around his neck – He held onto her for all his worth… They came at the same time with fireworks exploding in the bathroom…
Using that shower would never be the same again.
“Scott! Hey! You with me?”
Walt had come into the barrel room and had apparently been speaking to him for a few minutes.  He watched as Scott’s eyes finally focused on him and he tried again.
“Damn… Where were you?”
Scott licked his lips and closed his eyes for a moment.  “Sorry, Dad… Just deciding when to rack the wine.”
Walt laughed. “My Aunt Matilda, you were… I heard you whisper Melissa’s name when I walked in here and started talking to you… Or tried to talk to you.” Then he smiled big. “Thinking of your girl, were you?”
That made Scott stand up straighter and think – Was she really his?
Walt laughed again. “I can see you’re not much good this morning. Must have been a fun evening.”
Scott gulped and finally replied, “Sorry…sorry… What did you want?”
“Let’s get a sandwich, son, and discuss this investment party that’s happening soon. I’m getting a bit nervous and I’d like some reassurance.  Since Melissa’s here in spirit only,” he grinned at him, “let’s you and me go through the itinerary.”
“Sure thing, Dad.” They headed out to the main house and into the kitchen.
“Where is she today, anyway?”
“She has an event – a children’s birthday party in San Luis.  I’m meeting up with her later to go over last minute details about the investment thing on Saturday.”
“… Among other things,” Walt added.
“What?”
He smiled at his son. Walt was actually thrilled to see that Scott was obviously in love.  It had been a long time coming and he wondered if Scott even realized it himself.  Well, he really liked Melissa and would help them out somehow…

* * *

That night they stayed at her place in San Luis.  Maria had eaten dinner with them earlier, but now they were alone on the couch sipping cups of coffee – discussing today’s children’s party.
“… And that’s how it went.  Pretty good, really and I picked up another referral, plus a possible job from one of the mothers there.  All the children were darling, but I should have let you help me out today, Scott…”
“I wish you had – I was pretty useless at the winery today… Just ask my dad.”
She frowned. “Why would your dad think you were useless?”
“… Because, my sweet, I got erotic flashes of you in my bed and in my shower all day… I could hardly remember my name.  Dad thinks I’m an idiot probably…”
She put down her cup and snuggled up to him. “I had a few flashbacks myself…” An eyebrow popped up…
“You did?”
“Oh, sure… How could I not?”
“… Melissa…”
“I’ve told you before – best sex in my life.”
“Is that all it is, honey? Sex? Great sex, for sure… Stupendous sex definitely… but only sex?” She sat up grinning at him.
“Something you want to tell me?”
“… Something you want to tell me?”
They stared at one another and slowly smiled.
“I can’t believe you just said that. It’s usually the woman who makes a fool of herself and says, ‘I love you’ first.”
Scott beamed.  “Did you just say that you love me?”
“…Maybe…”
“…Maybe?”
“It depends on how you feel about me.”
“That’s easy… I’m…”
Pause…
“… Not so easy, I take it.”
“Honey…” She just looked at him for a long minute.
“When you introduced me as your girlfriend to Bob up in Paso Robles, I was rather surprised.  I wasn’t expecting a definition of our relationship so soon.”
“And now?”
“I’ve gotten used to the idea and I even like it.  Do you?”
Scott ran a hand through his hair.  “Being with you is so easy.  Doing anything at all with you is so easy.  The feelings I have for you are natural and easy… but saying them out loud is not.”
She looked up at him, surprised. “Where are we going with this?”
“I’m not sure I’m ready to go anywhere yet… I think a little patience is needed and maybe a little more time…”
Melissa moved away from him on the couch. She stood up and threw her hands in the air.
“… A little more time? Could you be any more cliché?  And weren’t you the one who broached this subject to begin with?”
“… Ah…”
“Yes, you did.  When I said we’ve had the best sex in my life, you asked if it was only sex.” She bounced her head up and down. “…Yes, that was you.”
“Listen… I … I…”
“… Listen to what? You’re not saying anything.”
“Melissa, I care about you…”
“You care about me? Like you care about your dog?”
“Honey, I don’t have a dog…” He laughed, stood up and reached for her.  She backed away and folded her arms across her chest.  Her green eyes weren’t sparkling and her breath was pretty frosty.  The temperature in her whole apartment had cooled a few degrees.
“… That wasn’t funny.”
“I’m sorry, Melissa, but this whole subject has just caught me flat-footed.”
“Well, maybe you need to go home and think about it.”
“Couldn’t I stay here and sleep on it?”
Her eyes flashed… “You men are incredible!” she exploded.  “It’s just fine and dandy for you to mess the hell out of my sheets, but should any whisper of feelings or emotions creep in, you run for the hills… Unbelievable!”
“… I don’t want to run anywhere… You’re kicking me out.”
“You bet your ass I am.”  She pointed a finger toward the front door. “Out!”
“Jeez, Melissa. I thought you said you loved me…”
“Well, your hearing must be off, just like my feelings for you.  I thought you knew your own mind a whole lot better.  Seems to me like you need a tune-up.”  She pointed her finger toward the door again.  “At your place preferably…”
He could tell she meant it and started wearily for the door. He looked back at her when he reached it, to see if she’d changed her mind about throwing him out.  She hadn’t… Her face was set in anger, but it changed quickly to shock and dismay when he opened the door… Phil was standing there and blinked at Scott, who blinked with surprise back at him.  When it rains, it does indeed pour, she thought…
“Phil! What are you doing here?”
“I…I…”
“Amazing… two men who can’t seem to find anything to say,” she muttered to herself. “Come in or get out, but at least talk.”
“Should I come in?” asked Phil.
“Should I get out?” asked Scott.
Exasperated, she flopped on the couch and blew out a breath. “I don’t want to talk to either of you right now.”
Neither Scott nor Phil moved a muscle. They stood there, watching each other warily and guessing what the other would do.
Phil tried again. “Melissa, I just need five minutes.”
“No, you don’t,” said Scott. “You had your shot…” And Melissa got pissed again.
“Phil, you can stay…” she said while glaring at Scott.
“Melissa…”
“Nope. You had your say. I’ll see you at the investment party.”
“… Please, Melissa… Let me stay.”
“I don’t think so.”
Phil came in, passing Scott on the way out.  They continued glaring at one another until Phil closed the door in Scott’s face.
“Damn it,” he exploded and stalked down the stairs to the parking lot.  Jerking open the car door, he sat down hard and couldn’t find his keys.  They were in his shaking hand and wouldn’t go into the ignition slot.
“What’s wrong with this damn car? Damn, damn, damn…”
Scott sat there for a few minutes trying to cool off.  He realized he might drive better if he wasn’t rip-roaring pissed.  Just thinking that Phil was up there with his girl made him see red… Yes, she was his girl and no one else’s… But why had it taken another guy showing up for him to admit it? Melissa was right: he was a cliché.
Phil was apparently staying for more than five minutes, so Scott got out his cell phone and called Tyler to meet him at a bar downtown.
“Take it easy driving over there, Scott.  Watch the speed limits…” Tyler soothed. “… Maybe I should just pick you up.”
“No, I’m okay. I’ll see you in a few…” And he finally got his car started.  Driving to the downtown area, Scott cooled off a little and began to worry instead.  Did she want to go back to Phil?
“Listen, Tyler. I made the biggest bonehead move a guy can make. I know it and still did it…”
“Which is what?” Tyler had ordered Scott an O’Doul’s since he was still frothing when they met at the bar.
“Melissa asked how I felt about her and I just panicked… Words came out, but not the right ones.  Why in the hell did that happen?” He took a long pull of the beer.
“… Maybe you don’t know how you feel about her...”
“Yes, I do… I’m in love with her,” he glanced over at Tyler, “but why did it have to get beaten out of me?  I’ve loved her since we first met.”  He spoke to the floor.  “You know that, don’t you?”
“Everyone in town knows it, bro… It apparently just took more time to get it through your thick skull.”
“Well, she’s over there making up with Phil right now.”
Tyler had taken a drink and started to choke. “What? How? What’s happening?”
“It’s true.  Right in the middle of it all, when she was throwing me out, I open the door and there stands Phil, wanting to see her.”
“Damn… the ex?  Really?  This isn’t good.”
“… Tell me about it. That’s the second reason I’m so upset.”
“What’s the first?”
“Haven’t you been listening? I’m a bonehead and couldn’t tell her that I love her.”
“Well, why the hell not? You’ve told me three times now and I don’t even like you…”
They looked at each other and started to laugh.  Soon Tyler had to hold his stomach from laughing so hard and Scott leaned a hand on the bar to hold himself up.  For a few more minutes, they’d calm down, look at each other and break up again.  It felt good to laugh…
“Why am I laughing?” asked Scott. “I’ve just lost my girlfriend.”
“No, you haven’t…”
“No?”
“No…”
“I’m glad you’re so sure.  Want to go tell that to Melissa?”
Tyler blew out a breath.
“… You dummy… It’s as plain as the nose on your face that she loves you.”
“I’m a dummy?”
“If you can’t see how she feels about you, then yes.  Dummy fits…”
“Huh…”
“She looks at you the same way Maria looks at me.”
“… I have noticed some warm looks your way by Maria.”
“I know Maria loves me and what’s more, I’m in love with her…”
“… Why haven’t we had this discussion before?”
“I thought you were smarter, I guess…”
“Thanks…”
“… I’ve asked Maria to marry me…”
Scott’s eyes popped wide and his mouth dropped.  “No shit?”
“No shit…”
He broke out into a big grin. “Congratulations.  That’s wonderful.”
“Want some of that wonderful for yourself?”
“…Yes.”
“Drive back over there and get her to talk to you.”
“…Think Phil’s still there?”
“Dummy, she’s not in love with Phil.”
Scott rubbed his forehead hard. “I don’t think she’s too crazy about me right now either.”
“Then get back over and make it up to her.  Isn’t she worth it?”
An image of Melissa laughing floated through his mind and his gut clenched… A picture of them kissing heated his cheeks… An erotic image of her in the shower pushed him to his feet.
“Yep, you’re right. I’m heading back there.”
“Be smart, buddy.”
“… Any last words of advice for a drowning man?”
“Just tell her how you feel… You told me enough times…”
He held out his hand to Tyler. “Thanks… I mean it from the bottom of my collapsing heart.”
Tyler just laughed and shook his hand. “Get out of here.  I’m meeting Maria for dinner… See you later…”

* * *

“That’s what he said to you?” Maria was aghast. “I never would have thought Scott was so unfeeling.”
“I think stupid is a more apt description here.”
“Yeah, maybe you’re right.” She thought about it for a minute. “It must have been a little funny though when he opened the door and saw Phil standing on your doorstep.”
Melissa laughed. “His face was classic.”  She thought again…“I know that punched him in the stomach, though.”
After Phil left, Melissa had gone over to Maria’s apartment to dump on her about that crappy afternoon.  She had gone from furious, to sad and on to contemplative.
“So what did Phil have to say?”
“He wants to get back together… Says we… he… made a mistake and he wants to make it up to me.  He’s sorry and wants to try again.”
“Really?”
“Yes, he was very sweet.”
“… So?”
“So… what?”
“Are you going to give Phil another try? Seriously?”
“Why shouldn’t I?”
“This may not be the best time for you to make a life changing decision…”
“…As good a time as any.”
“No, it isn’t.” Maria blew out a breath. “Tell me – how does Phil make you feel?  Does he ring any chimes for you?  Does he do ‘it’ for you?”
She narrowed her eyes at Maria. “I know where you’re going with this line of questioning.  And I’m not playing…”
“… Neither am I… Tell me how Phil makes you feel when you kiss him? What’s he up to on the kiss-o-meter?”
“The what? Kiss-o-meter? Where’d you get that?”
“From a romance novel…” Melissa laughed at her smiling face.
“What’s the scale?”
“… One, if he kisses like old Uncle Charlie – all the way up to ten, if he’s Sexy Cowboy hot…”
“No kidding?”
“… Answer the question…”
She grimaced.  “On kissing, the needle on the meter doesn’t move very far.  Maybe one up from old Uncle Charlie…”
“God, that bad?”
“Yeah, ‘fraid so.  He just wasn’t a fabulous kisser.”
“Okay… next category… Sex – Do much for you?”
She shook her head.  “Nope, not much there either, but I’d hate to think about sex with old Uncle Charlie, so put Phil two notches above that.  Still… he’s… a nice guy.”
“Is that what you want?  Nice?”
“…Well…”
“All right now… on to Scott. How does he rate on the kiss-o-meter?”
“Oh, for Pete’s sake, Maria.”
“… Spill…”
She refrained from rolling her eyes, but lifted her shoulders and blew out an exasperated breath instead.
“… He rockets past Sexy Cowboy and then blows up the damn thing.”
“That’s what I thought.  And sex?”
Melissa’s eyes brightened.  “I’m getting mildly excited just thinking about it.  Best sex ever… The guy’s a genius…”
Maria pretended to fan herself.  “Well, I guess that doesn’t mean much though.  After all, if he’s only good in bed…”
“No, he’s not,” she protested. “We get along well… most of the time – I think we’re a good match. He makes me feel special and wonderful – when I’m not mad at him, that is.”
When Maria cocked her head and gave her a stern look, Melissa relented.  “I know I’m in love with him, Maria… You didn’t need to wheedle it out of me.”
“So he’s a little slow.  Give him a chance to make it up to you.  You’re not seeing Phil again, are you?” She gave her another serious look.
“No. I sent him away upset, which I’m sorry about, but I know he’s not the one for me.  It’s the goofy winemaker who makes me crazy that I want.”
“So…”
“…So… I’m going to make him sweat a little, Maria.  It’s the least I can do… He needs to figure it out.”
“Oh, he has…”
Melissa raised an eyebrow at her.  “What do you know?”
“Tyler called before you got here. He met Scott somewhere and they talked about it.  Scott’s on his way back over.”
“Tonight?”
“…Yep.”
“Crap.  It’s a good thing I have a day off tomorrow before the investment party.  It’s going to get rough in my apartment tonight and I’m going to mop the floor with him.”
Maria laughed – a lot. “So you say now…”
Melissa scrunched up her face and glared at her. “Right. So I say now…”


* * *



CHAPTER EIGHTEEN


She was on the phone with Debra when she heard a soft knock at her door.  Melissa got up to answer it, while continuing her phone conversation.  When she opened it, Scott warily stood there with a bouquet of red roses – He’d also changed his shirt to that nice blue one that she liked on him, and had combed all the grape stems and leaves out of his usually messy hair.  It made her want to smile, until she remembered she was still angry… Turning her back on him, she walked back to the living room, still talking with Debra. She didn’t tell him to go away, so he walked in and closed the door quietly behind him.
Her conversation with his sister was cheerful and light, all about the engagement party that was happening in just a short week.  Mark was coming in from Reno for it and Debra was breathy, happy.  When she mentioned Scott, Melissa frowned at him, still standing in the hallway with the roses in his hand – She wrapped up the call and promised Deb she’d phone the florist tomorrow to make a few changes in the order.  Then Melissa turned to Scott and just looked at him, hands on her hips.
“Yes?”
“…Um…” He cleared his throat and looked into her unsmiling face… “This was a little easier when I was talking to Tyler…”
“Would you rather be speaking with Tyler right now?”
“Yes…No.”
“Make up your mind…”
“… Melissa, you can make me crazy sometimes…”
Her eyes popped wide and she thought she’d explode again.
“I make you crazy? Ha! That’s a good one.” She started pacing around the room, talking with her hands.  He knew she was venting, letting off steam… Maybe she’d be reasonable if she got it all out… Maybe…
Melissa paced and vented, stopped, looked at him and then started pacing and venting some more.  Finally, she plopped down on the couch, spent and out of breath. Scott decided to jump into the void while he had the chance.
“Are you going back to Phil?” he asked her calmly and quietly.  She glanced curiously at his very serious, very handsome face and sighed.
“No,” she said softly.  His eyes warmed, she caught her breath.
She knew he’d waited her out and admired the logic of it.  That was a smart move on his part.  Then he made her acknowledge her decision – She wasn’t so far gone that she hadn’t realized that move either.  So he knew her well enough to help her in a crisis… Even one he had partially caused…
“May I?” Scott indicated the seat next to her on the couch… she nodded.  Looking at one another from a close proximity made them both realize how foolish they’d been and how much they wanted to be together.  Scott handed her the flowers.
Smiling, she took them, sinking her nose into one beautiful rose and inhaling.  “Thank you… What is it about flowers that makes everything better?”
“All I know is that I feel better being here with you, instead of wondering and worrying about you someplace else.  I need to see you and touch you, Melissa.”
She looked from the roses to Scott’s earnest face. Tears came to her eyes when she said to him, “… What would you say… if I told you that I love you so much it makes me crazy?”
Tears came to his eyes when he replied.  “I’d say that doesn’t really surprise me because I love you more than I can ever say…”
Pause…
“More than a clump of grapes?”
“… More than the whole damn vineyard.”
She laughed. “Now that’s serious, coming from you… I know how much you like vineyards.”
She put the bouquet on the table and was in his arms in a heartbeat, crying when he kissed her lips and smoothed back her hair.  Scott kissed away her tears as she struggled for breath.  And he continued to kiss her as he pulled her down on the couch with him.  They lay wrapped in each other’s arms kissing lips, noses, faces and eyes.  Oh, those eye kisses… Worth their weight in gold…
When he whispered in her ear, “Forgive me…” she planted her lips on his and sought out his tongue to entwine with hers.  With eyes locked, she gently brought his hand to her lips and sucked on his little finger. He thought he was the one who’d died and gone to heaven this time… The feeling was sensual, sexy, full of promise and hope… Hope that there’d be a tomorrow with her and a tomorrow after that.  Suddenly, Scott wanted all her tomorrows… That’s when he started slipping off her clothes, as well as his own.  The weight of the world was lifted off him just feeling her smooth body so close and her soft lips on his neck.
Love…it’s the best thing there is…

* * *

In the calm after the storm, next morning was bright with a cloudless sky.  Golf balls could be heard being hit down the fairway and someone somewhere was cooking bacon.
Scott stretched luxuriously in bed and pulled a sleeping Melissa closer to him.  With puffy lips, she smiled and kept her eyes closed. Realizing a precious gift when he had it, he rubbed his lips on her rosy cheeks, in her messy hair and along her throat.
What a fabulous way to wake up… This guy is good…
When he kissed her eyes, they opened and sparkled at him.  He breathed a relieved sigh… The sparkling green eyes were back when they looked at him.  How he’d missed that…
Maria called when he was up making breakfast and Melissa was in the shower.  She got right to the point.
“…You stayed the night?”
He laughed. “… So it would seem.”
“She said she’d mop up the floor with you…”
“Well… there was physical exercise all right, but no floor mopping that I recall.”
“… So I thought.”
“Come on over for a cup of coffee.”
“…Love to, but I’ve got to get going.”
“You’re still helping out at the winery tomorrow?”
“Yep… Will do.  See you then, Scott.”

Fresh, damp and feeling feisty, Melissa came into the kitchen with her notebook.  Scott offered her a bite of scrambled egg to taste.
“… More salt?”
“How about adding a tomato?”
“…Good idea.”  And he went back to scrambling the eggs and making toast.  Melissa leaned against the counter and was ready to work.
“I’ve been working here and there, when I had time, to pull together the investment party and I think we’re ready to go.  Want to go over last minute details with me?”
“Sure…”
“Okay,” she checked her lists.  “I sent out a general invitation a month ago to twenty investors in San Luis, Morro Bay, Arroyo Grande, Paso Robles and Cambria.”
“Cambria? Up by Morro Bay?”
“Yes, lots of loaded retirees there…”
“Then what?”  He brought over plates to the dining table and handed Melissa a cup of coffee. “Careful… It’s hot.”
She took a tentative sip, then added a little milk and tried it again.  Smiling, she looked back at her notebook.
“…Even if the investor called me with an R.S.V.P., I called again this week to make sure he or she was still coming.”
“How many are showing up?”  Scott raised a forkful of scrambled eggs to his mouth.
“… All twenty…” She proudly beamed at him as she ate a huge bite of her eggs.  She chewed with a big smile on her face.
“You got everyone on your list?”
“Yep… I know most of them personally from various events I’ve either put on for them or assisted someone else.  I’m not unknown to them, which helps.”
“Good going, sweetie.  Nice score…”
“I thought so.”
“…They all understand what they’re coming to see and hear?”
“Details were made specific and in Technicolor.”
“All right then.  What else?” He buttered his toast and passed the butter to her.
“Oh, thanks… Now, let’s see here…” She consulted her notebook while buttering the toast.  Scott grinned while she muttered to herself.
“What?”
“You’re cute, that’s all…” She laughed at him.
“Back to work – We won’t need to decorate the winery… You know, the back section where you have functions.  There’s already some great twinkle lights strung all over, so we’ll turn those on as well as a few others.  With the vines, the babbling brook…”
“…Babbling brook?”
“You know, that cute little creek that runs through your property… Anyway, with the vines, creek and those snobby peacocks strolling around – the ambience for the event will be spectacular.  Don’t you think?”
“I do… Want more coffee?” He refilled her cup.
“Yes, thanks…” She ate more eggs and toast.  “I have a caterer coming in an hour before to get the food set up and, of course, there will be plenty of signature Granger wines too.  Deb, Sue and Maria will be pouring, I may help out as well.”
“What kind of food?”
She practically moaned… Scott smiled. “I‘ve got this gal I’ve used before at other events who makes the most incredible food.” She read out of her notebook -- “The menu will include: ‘fruit platter, egg rolls, Asian pot stickers, bruschetta and mushroom brie crostini’.”
“What’s crostini?”
“It’s this delectable Italian snack made of baguette slices grilled in olive oil. It has various toppings like cheese, different meats and vegetables…Heavenly…”
“Sounds great, honey.  Good work.” He picked up their empty plates and went into the kitchen to stack them in the dishwasher.
“Well, I’m not done yet.” She took her cup and notebook into the living room.  “Let’s talk about what we’re going to do after we’ve fed them and gotten them happy with Granger wines…”
“Let’s…” He sat down on the couch by her and put his arm around her.
She consulted her notebook again.
“First, we need to generate some excitement about the new wine by getting their attention.”
“Don’t we already have their attention? They know why they’ve been invited…”
“Yes, but I was thinking that you could show them different varieties of grapes.  As consumers, we only know what we like to drink – We rarely know where it comes from.”
“…Makes sense… So have various purple and green grapes that are used for our current wines?”
“Yes, and then show them the Barbera grape.  Talk about how the grapes differ from one another for making either red or white wines, and then hit them hard with the Barbera… Its future possibilities and important drought tolerance quality.”
“And I get to do this?”
“… It’s your show, sweetie.  They need to meet and like the man.  Then they’ll trust you can do it.”
Scott swallowed audibly, so Melissa leaned over to kiss his cheek.
“Okay,” he said bravely. “What’s next?”
“We do a call to action and give them a lasting impression…”
“Which means?”
“I’ll take over at that point and pass out my pamphlet.  It’ll help me to explain how much we want from each of them, what the money will be used for and, hopefully, how it will be paid back.  All twenty know going in that there’s a real risk with this kind of investment.”
“It’s as risky as the Stock Exchange.”
“…Probably riskier because agriculture depends on the whim of Mother Nature.  But it’s also much more glamorous…”
“Glamorous?”
“Oh, my, yes… Introducing a new wine to California and soon, the world, is almost as sexy as a glittering movie star…” She smiled into his perplexed face.  “I’ll be surprised if we don’t get checks that night from all twenty investors.”
Scott gently brought her face around for him to kiss… Not once or twice, but several breathy little kisses… Melissa sighed.
“It sounds wonderful.  You’ve really thought it all out.”
“I really think so.  I was also thinking of maybe having a label naming contest too at some point.”
“No, honey. I want to name the wine… You can’t just pick any name. There have been lawsuits over label infringement.  Besides, I have a name in mind already…”
“… You’re not still thinking of naming it Melissa?”
“Why not?”
“Well, it’s flattering, to be sure, but I don’t know…”
“… Leave that part to me…”
“Okay,” she frowned, “if you insist.”
He took her hand and brought it up to his lips for a kiss.  “What are you charging for your services?”
Her lips parted in surprise and her eyes blazed. “You’re not paying me for doing this…”
“Melissa, that’s silly.  This is your business… Granger Winery is hiring you to do a service.”
She still looked at him incredulously.  “Scott… We’re sleeping together… You can’t pay me.  It would be too much like leaving money on the dresser when you leave.”
His eyes popped. “How did you ever think of that?  No way… It’s nothing like that.  You’re a professional  -- My company’s hiring you for a service you’re providing.”  She shook her head.  “Melissa, please let us pay you for all your work.  You’ve gone over and beyond for the winery.”
“No, absolutely not.  You can take me to dinner or something, but that’s all.”  When he continued to look at her like she was nuts, she continued.  “And that’s final.”
“You drive a hard bargain, Miss Meyers.  Could I buy you a shiny piece of jewelry instead?”
“… Maybe… I don’t want to talk about it anymore.  Subject closed.”
“Okay…”
“Oh, one more thing – I’ll send out a press release about the new wine, the investment and a possible launch date after the party.”
“So soon?”
“Yep. We need to keep the new wine in the public eye just as often as possible.  I’ve got a bunch of ideas on marketing during the year the wine is being produced.  The launch party will be big!  Lots of major fun!”
Scott took her in his arms. “I think that you’re lots of major fun.  How about a kiss, sweetie?” He dipped his lips dangerously close to hers.
“Sounds like a bribe to me,” she mumbled.
“Are you up for a bribe?”
“Oh, yeah…” And she brought his face even closer to give him a juicy kiss.
“… Still love me even though I tried to pay you?”
“I think I would have been upset if you hadn’t…”
“… So, technically it was a no-win situation here.”
“…Only for you…”
“Of course, for me,” he laughed and kissed her again.
She smiled with her lips against his.  “…But I do still love you.”
“Same here, honey. Plus you’re prettier than a clump of grapes.”
“…Here we go again.”
“Are you finished with all the investment party stuff for now?”
“…For now… We’ll need to get over early to the winery tomorrow to prepare.  And I have to pick up my pamphlets at the copy place.”
“So, right now, I need a few kisses…”
“Yes, sir. My company aims to please…”


* * *



CHAPTER NINETEEN


The day had started well enough…
Melissa, Scott and Debra had gotten over to the winery pretty early to begin a thorough cleaning of the outdoor area and the tasting room, places where the investors would be socializing.  She had rented several small round tables with white tablecloths and comfortable padded chairs that were delivered promptly at ten.  Around noon, Tyler arrived to help string a few more twinkle lights.  Scott thought Melissa was beginning to overthink things and he may have been right.
She’d been organizing events for nearly six years now, but none seemed as important as this had become.  Scott’s future and possibly hers depended on the outcome of this one evening.  All of a sudden, it was one of the most important things that she’d ever done in her life, so far.  It mattered and mattered big…
Melissa went through every aspect of the event more times than she needed to, partly to make sure no detail had been overlooked, but also to steady her unusually tight nerves.  Typically, she was relaxed at her events, confident, secure.  This one had a few knots beginning to form in her stomach and she needed to calm down.
For one thing, Scott needed her… He was getting more anxious as the time approached and then Walt seemed to be slowly falling apart in front of her.  He was supposed to be this man of steel, tough and strong – Instead he resembled the Pillsbury doughboy, soft and gooey… She was surprised at them both, and upset at herself for not being able to ride herd on everyone and everything like she always did.
Maria wanted to give her a Valium…
The caterer had the food delivered and would stay to help out.  Everything was ready and the clock said it was time…
“Tyler, could you stand by the door with this list?  Only people with names listed are allowed in.  This is a closed event…”
“Sure thing, Melissa.  Got it…” And Tyler went off to stand outside the tasting room door, prepared to meet the guests.
She glanced around… The caterer was putting finishing touches on the platters of food and Debra was getting various bottles of wine out on the counter, ready to be poured.  Sue was outside checking tables, but she didn’t see Walt or Scott.  Everyone had changed into nice clothes.  Party lights were turned on, aromas from the food were wonderful and the peacocks were still strutting… It looked great, but where were the men?
Walking into the barrel room where the wines were aging, she saw Walt and Scott deep in conversation.  Walt looked upset and Scott was talking quietly to him.  She wondered briefly if she should interrupt and then walked up to them.
“Everything all right?”
Walt’s face was flushed and Scott’s face was panicky.  What was going on?  Walt seemed out of breath – Scott was breathing too rapidly.  Nerves, big time…
“Walt, do you need some water?” She turned and yelled for Debra. “Deb, please get some water…”
She sat him down in a corner chair and took his hand.  “Walt, are you all right?”
He got out a handkerchief and mopped his brow.  “Sure…sure… fine.  Maybe a little nervous.” His face was too red…
Melissa glanced at Scott and frowned.  Again…this wasn’t in character for Walt Granger. Deb brought a glass of water, which Walt gratefully accepted. After drinking a long swallow, he looked a little better and smiled up at them.
“I’m fine, really… Is everything ready to go?”
“Yes, sir,” she smiled. “If you’re up to it, let’s sit you down outside where you can watch the event and get some fresh air too.  What do you say?”
“Sounds good.” She helped him up and motioned for Debra to take him outside.  Problem number one had been taken care of and now she needed to concentrate on the second problem – Scott.  He didn’t look so good either…
“I know you’re nervous, honey,” she took his hand, “but you’re going to be fine.  We’ll just socialize for a while… Have a little drink of wine. Maybe it’ll settle your nerves – but only a very little,” she warned.  Scott nodded and clung to her hand.
“I’ve never done anything even remotely like this before, Melissa.  I am a bit nervous.”
She laughed. “… Don’t you remember getting up in English class at Poly?”
He frowned, thinking.  “…Remember? We all had to get up in front and defend the compositions we’d just analyzed? We had to explain why we criticized someone’s writing… It couldn’t be arbitrary… Our comments had to be meaningful.”
He finally nodded. “…Sure. I remember that.  You did a great job.” Scott smiled at her.
“…So did you.”
“Really?  You think so?”
“Scott, you’re a great speaker.  You were sure of the material and defended yourself beautifully – no hesitation, no reluctance.  Everyone applauded when you finished.”
“You’re right… It did go well…”
“So, this is what I want you to do…” she smiled at him and took ahold of his face between her hands.  Her lips were inches from his.  “Are you listening to me?”
“Yes,” he breathed, almost in a trance.
“You’re going to be talking to me.  I’ll stand in your view, towards the back and you make all your comments to me…”
“… To you?”
“Yes, until you feel a little more secure… Can you do that?”
He swallowed and whispered, “Yes…”
“Scott, I love you…” and then she planted her lips firmly on his and kissed him until he kissed her back.  When he wrapped his arms around her and put some serious effort into the kiss, she knew he’d be okay.
Deb came in the barrel room then and laughed. “… Might have known I’d find you two back here canoodling… Come on.  Some guests have arrived.”
“Is your dad all right?”
“He’s fine and already talking to some people… How are you, Scott?”
He looked deeply into Melissa’s eyes and exhaled.  “…I’m good…”
Deb laughed again and went back out. Melissa took him by the hand.
“Come on, sweetie.  Show time.” They started walking out of the room when Scott stopped her.
“I can’t tell you how much you mean to me, Melissa.”
“Yes, you can, in fact you can show me… Later…and in bed,” she laughed.  “Right now, I need you in the moment…”
“I can do that,” he breathed again.

And the event was on…
It was beautiful – People were milling around, drinking a glass of wine, talking or sitting at one of the pretty tables.  Candles were lit and placed around… the twinkle lights contributed to the fairy-like ambience.  Peacocks made their presence known in the nearby vineyard, and the creek even chimed in with little bubbling noises.  Lovely…
Melissa and Scott came outside together and she began to introduce him to a few people.  Soon, she kissed his hand, smiled and left him with an investor, as she made her rounds, checking that all was going well.  He began to relax, realizing she’d be there, if he needed her.  It was a wonderful thought and made him happy… he perked up – Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad.
After an hour and when the guests looked to be enjoying themselves very much, Melissa decided to begin the program.
“Thanks, everyone, for coming tonight.  I’d like to begin by introducing the Granger family to you.  Granger Winery has been in Cay Canyon for over fifty years and much of that is because of Walt Granger.  Walt, please stand…”
Walt laughingly stood and took a little bow.  He waved and sat back down in his chair by Debra.
“Debra and Sue Granger, Walt’s daughters, are here as well. Ladies?”
They both stood and waved before sitting back down at their table by Walt.
“Sam Taylor is not technically a Granger, but he’s been the winemaker here at the winery for thirty years.  Sam?”
Sam was standing in the back and just waved from where he was. He winked at Melissa, which made her smile.
“Last is Scott Granger who took over as winemaker four years ago and will be speaking to you tonight.  Scott?” She motioned for him to join her.
Scott came from his place by Sam and walked up to her with bags of grapes.
“Ready?” she whispered.
“Yes, ma’am,” he whispered back.
And he began to talk about grapes… How they’re grown, the necessary soil, what it takes to make a bottle of wine, how red wine differed from white.
“Wine is sunlight, held together by water… When I drink a glass of wine, I like to think about the effort it took to make this wine… What people were thinking as they picked the grapes, the smiles on faces when the preliminary testing began…It’s magic captured in a bottle…”
Melissa watched as he had people spellbound with his obvious love for the land and the process of winemaking.  She glanced around as he held their attention and decided she’d fallen in love with him all over again.  And he looked at her with love…
Passing around the green and purple grapes for comparison and contrast, Scott began talking about the new grape.  She stayed put where he could see her – He didn’t need her as much now, but he still glanced back at her from time to time…
“…So the Barbera is a beautiful grape from Italy that dates back to the thirteenth century. We think Italian immigrants brought the grape here a hundred years ago, so it’s not unknown to this area.  It’s just not well known… “
“What kind of wine will it make?” An investor down front asked him.
“…It’s a full-bodied ruby red, with a pink rim. With oak fermentation, the Barbera tends to be rounder and richer, with plum and spice notes.  I have a few bottles of Italian Barbera to share, so you can know the rich flavor, as I do.  Melissa?”
She nodded at Deb and together they passed out samples of the Italian wine for investors to taste.  Soon heads were nodding and faces were smiling… The wine was a hit…
“I want to grow the grapes organically with drip instead of expensive irrigation.  We all know about California’s water problems, which are not going away – Winemaking must adapt or die in today’s drought conditions.”
“So what do you want to do, Scott?”
“I want to plant these vines in our Arroyo Grande acreage.  Typically, Burgundy or Bordeaux vines have been planted with as many as 2500 vines per acre. They compete for the soil’s water and need up to two hundred gallons of water per vine per season.  And typically, a vine will produce two to four bottles of quality wine per year.”
“But with water levels declining?” Another investor asked.
“…Exactly… I will plant no more than six hundred vines per acre and farther apart.  I’ll rely on rainwater as much as possible – I want to put in a collection system for rainwater – but I’ll use the drip when necessary. It’s as close to dry farming as I can get.”
“…Pretty radical for California.”
“Well, we’re actually coming back to it.  Dry farming was big until wine consumption got bigger.  That’s when all the irrigation was started to grow more grapes in a hurry…”
“When would the first bottle come out?”
“If all goes well and according to plan, two years from now…”
Whistles… whispers and wows… The investors were impressed and made appropriate comments.
“One more thing you should know, I probably won’t have more than three hundred bottles for the first year, so the profit margin will be smaller until the wine is established. And that means this is a long-term commitment…”
Scott took many questions from the assembled guests until finally, no one had any more questions for him.  Melissa came back up by him then…
“Any more questions for Scott? Well, if you do have any more, he’ll be around for you to ask… And don’t be shy, he knows what he’s doing.”
People laughed… She began her portion of the program and Scott walked over to stand by Sam in the back.
“Scott gave you the what-we’re-doing part and I get to go over the contribution part.” She glanced over at Debra. “Deb, would you please pass out the pamphlets?” Debra nodded and stood to begin distributing them to everyone.  Scott stood in the back by Sam and beamed at Melissa.  It was going well…
She began by going through the facts and figures in the pamphlet.  How much money was being asked for and how the money would be used.  She had timetables for future gatherings to meet with Scott and discuss the wine’s progress.  Her launch party was mentioned and she answered a zillion questions with ease and remarkable knowledge. Walt was as impressed as Scott was.  Grandma Granger had nothing on this girl…
Finally, all the questions the investors had were answered.
“That pretty much completes what Granger Winery had to share with you this evening.  Please take your time, ask any other question you might have and do have another glass of wine.  We’ll all be around to answer anything else you want answered.  If you’d care to make your investment tonight, Debra and I will be inside the tasting room with the necessary paperwork.  I hope you brought your checkbooks and thanks for coming!”
People laughed as they applauded her and got up to get more wine and to mingle… Several headed into the tasting room, so Melissa nodded to Deb and in they went.
By the time the event ended, Melissa was smiling as broadly as she could.
When all the investors left for the evening, everyone came into the tasting room and looked at her.
“Well?” asked Maria.  She asked the question that everyone wanted to ask.
Melissa smiled like she knew something that they didn’t… Which was indeed the case.
“Melissa? How’d it go?” asked Scott.
“Everybody gather round.” She continued her smile. “Walt? Are you all right?”
“…Good… Fine… How’d it go?”
“Scott, all twenty investors contributed the full amount we asked for.  You met the target amount needed to grow your grapes!”
He blinked and went up to twirl her around.  “They liked it?”
She nodded. “Most gave me kudos for having you talk so eloquently about your grape.  They also loved being on the ground floor of introducing a new wine to California and beyond…” She looked around at all the faces watching her, listening to her… “Well?”
Everyone began talking at once.
“I knew she’d pull it off,” said Maria as Tyler gave her a hug.
“Scott’s going to plant his new grape,” marveled Debra.
“Good for you,” commented Sam slapping Scott on the back.
“I can’t believe it,” added Walt who plopped down exhausted in a chair by the door.  “…I can’t believe it.”
Melissa walked up to him. “Believe it, Walt… It’s going to happen.”
Walt looked up at her with tears in his eyes. “Thank you, sweetie. He couldn’t have done any of this without you.”
She crouched down to be eye-level with him. “He’s going to make you proud, Walt…”
“He already has…” He hugged her then as Scott watched, blinking in surprise.  Walt had never been a demonstrative man, but these days, and around Melissa, he never ceased to amaze Scott.
Amidst congratulations and many pats on backs, Melissa announced they needed everyone to help with cleanup, so they could all go home.  With continually smiling faces, it got done and Scott was still deliriously happy when he locked up that night. He and Melissa were the last to leave and he grabbed her by the car when he finally had a chance.
“I believe I have something to show you…” He said within inches of her smiling lips.
“… In bed, as I recall…”
“Yes, please…”
“Tired?”
“Yes, but not too tired…I love you, Melissa…”
“And I love you, Scott.  Let’s go home…”
“Yes, ma’am.”
And they did… The twinkling lights were off, leftover food was put away and lots of checks were sitting in the Granger safe.  Peacocks cried as they left but the car pulled out and headed for Scott’s place as fast as the speed limit would allow.  He wanted her in his arms as quickly as he could possibly manage it.  Melissa grinned…


* * *



CHAPTER TWENTY


The next week was another blur of events for Melissa and preparation for Scott.  He was getting ready to plant the new vines he’d purchased from up around Fresno.  Sam had gone along with him on the buying trip and they’d made a night of it in Fresno.  They had returned with all the vines he needed and now he was preparing the soil.  Every night he’d come home filthy from all his work on the Arroyo Grande acreage.  He still had much to do, including hiring the labor needed to help with the planting.  But he was dirty and … excited. His excitement was infectious… Or so he thought…
“You can’t make it down tonight?”
“No, Scott.  I just got home and put my feet up. Once my feet aren’t screaming at me like the voices of a fleeing mob, I plan on pouring a nice glass of Granger Chardonnay.”
He smiled and then laughed.  “… Voices of a fleeing mob?”
“Yes…”
“You’re cute…”
“Compliment accepted, but I’m still not moving.”
“Melissa,” he whined, “Are you really going to leave me all alone tonight? What will I do with myself?”
“…Go play with Tyler…”
“I’d rather play with you…” he coaxed in a sexy voice.
Melissa laughed at him. “…Scott…No.  Maria’s coming over with tacos and we’re watching a Tom Hanks movie on television.”
“You’d rather do that than lie in my nice, warm bed with my arms wrapped around you?  Kissing your sweet neck and other body parts?”
She raised an eyebrow. “…Mmmm… While it does sound wonderful, I can’t make it off the couch to get my car keys.”
“Why are you so tired?”

“I had two events today, remember? And I was nearly late to the first one because you insisted on joining me in the shower – again.  Those shower trysts are becoming like two-act plays…”
“God, I know.  I love taking showers with you… But what event were you almost late for? Did you tell me?”
“I told you in the shower, but I don’t think you were listening to me.  Your magic fingers were beginning to play with my anatomy. It’s a wonder I could remember anything myself.”
“… What were we talking about?”
She laughed. “You are good, aren’t you? I had a breakfast meeting that I’d organized for that club up in Morro Bay.  Thankfully, I had everything all set up…”
“…Huh…”
“Scott, you can’t shower with me right before an event.  It isn’t good for my business…”
“… Extremely good for you though…”
“Sweet talker…” She grinned.  “And then there was this afternoon.”
“Was that another children’s party?”
“Right. I ran around all afternoon after fifteen three and four year olds.  Now that’s exhausting.  Therefore…”
“Therefore?”
“… I’m not leaving my couch.”
“There must be some way of getting you to Avila.”
“…Don’t think so, honey.   We can spend an evening apart – It won’t kill either of us.”
“Speak for yourself, sweetie.”
“You’ll be fine.”
He thought about that for a minute.
“I had an interesting phone call tonight when I got home.”
“…I’m listening…”
“It was Michelle.”
“… Michelle? Michelle, your almost ex?”
“Yep.”
“Well?”
“Well, what?”
“For Pete’s sake, Scott.  What did she want?”
“She wants my body… That’s why you need to come down to protect me…”
Melissa wasn’t sure whether to laugh or … to laugh hard…
“… You’re kidding.”
“She wants to get back together.  If you need a visual on this, think back to the Phil scene a few days ago.”
“She said she wanted to get back with you…”
“Yes…”
“…What did you tell her?”
“I said I’d call her after I found out what my girlfriend wants to do tonight.  She was most anxious to see me…”
She smelled a rat…
“Really? So, she’s hopping right over there, since I’m not… Have I got that right?”
“That would be correct…”
“Honey, this has been fun, but I’m really pooped… She didn’t call, did she?”
“… No, but I had you going for a minute there.” He was smirking… she could hear it.
“Quit smirking at me and no, I didn’t believe it for a second.”
He blew out a breath.  “… Have to work on my delivery…”
“Good night, Scott.”
“Melissa…”
“No… I may sleep on this couch tonight and no, you can’t join me.  We’ll meet up tomorrow…I’m coming for the weekend since Debra’s engagement party is on Sunday.  Isn’t Mark in town yet?”
“Yes, he’s here,” he paused.  “You know I’ll be crying in my pillow for you…”
She grinned. “…Good. You’ll miss me, so tomorrow night will be extra special.  I’d like new shampoo in that fabulous shower of yours, please…”
“Sweetie, you’re killing me…”
“Go play with Tyler. He’ll be pining for Maria.  You two can pine together.”
“…Um…”
“Bye…” And she hung up, leaving Scott staring into his cell phone.
“When did I get so needy?” He said out loud and to no one in particular.  Then he punched another number into the phone.  “Are you lonely tonight too?  Come on over for a beer… Yeah… Melissa deserted me too… Okay… See you soon.”
He shook the leaves out of his hair and looked down at his filthy clothes.  “I hate taking showers alone…” He said trudging off to the bathroom.  “Damn …damn… damn…”


* * *



CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE


For the next two days, Scott and his crew began planting all the grape plants.  Sam was there as well, partially to help and partially to supervise, making sure everything was done right.  Each plant had its roots wrapped in a burlap bag to keep them warm and protected.  An assembly line of sorts was organized where one man would dig a hole, another man would remove the burlap bag and plant the vine, while yet another would come along to water.
Scott and Sam did some of that, but they also needed to make sure the roots were covered and organic material was added for good soil texture.  On the first day, Debra’s fiancé, Mark, came out to give them a hand.  Being a cowboy, he was in good physical shape, but planting grapevines needed a whole different muscle set.
“…Tired, Mark?” smiled Scott as he walked up to see how he was getting on.  Scott noticed Mark’s dark wavy hair was full of twigs and his usually neat jeans were covered with dirt.
“Glad I don’t do this everyday…” Mark stood up to stretch his weary back.
“Don’t you ride the rodeo up in Reno?  That’s got to be worse.”
“Yeah, but bucking horses aren’t half as bad as bending over constantly to stick something in the ground.  I’m going to need a backrub from Deb…”
Scott laughed.  “…I’m sure that won’t be a hard duty for her.”
The acreage was covered with small wooden fences, more like trellises, built low to the ground for the vines to attach themselves. Bamboo poles would train the plants to reach the short fences and wire had been strung to fortify that effort.
“So how long before they’re up and running?” Mark asked.
“It’ll take a year… Then we’ll prune the hell out of them, so they won’t produce any fruit for at least another year.”
“Then you can harvest?”
“Maybe… With the Barbera, I’ll probably be able to harvest, but I want to check the grapes at that time to see if they’re ready – It might take a while longer.  I’m expecting to harvest in two years, but it could take a little longer.”
“…Longer?”
“Yeah, this is a bit of an experiment, so we’ll see how it goes.  The university is sending a team to check our progress, since what we’re doing is breaking news…”
“Really? Great! I sure hope it works out for you.”
“…Trust me… So do I.”

That night at dinner, Scott was discussing the planting progress with Melissa and their company. Debra and Mark had joined them at his condo – He was pouring them all a glass of wine.
“…So, Mark… How was it at Scott’s new vineyard today?” smiled Debra.
“How long is it going to be called Scott’s New Vineyard?” he asked.
“Probably until the first crop is harvested and the wine has been bottled.”
“Great…”
“Then it’ll just be Scott’s Vineyard,” laughed Melissa.
“… Well,” smiled Mark, “if we’re back to the topic… The first day’s planting has gone smoothly.  Scott runs a tight ship and Sam’s looking over his shoulder.  Tomorrow should go fine too… Everything looks great…”
“Anything special you need to do this first year?” said Debra.
“Prune, mulch, cut back most of the buds and keep the damn birds away…”
“Will you plant rosebushes at the ends of the rows? I always see rosebushes at vineyards,” asked Melissa. “And why do you do that, anyway?”
“There’s a good reason,” answered Scott.  “Roses and grapes are susceptible to the same kinds of fungus diseases.  Roses give an early warning if there’s powdery mildew on the leaves… Fungus will wreck the fruit.”
“What do you do for fungus?” asked Mark.
“Since I’m organic with this crop, we’ll use a fungicide made from naturally occurring materials and probably canopy management…”
“What’s that?” asked Melissa.
“The leaf structure of each plant will be trained to provide a kind of canopy over the grape clusters.  That way the canopy will prevent some disease and monitor light energy capture.”
“Wow… I had no idea that growing a vineyard was so technical…”
“It really is…” Scott looked around. “But I can see some eyes beginning to glaze over, so let’s discuss the engagement party instead.”
Melissa looked over at Debra. “I think everything’s prepared, don’t you?”
“Sure,” she nodded. “The florist will be by about noon to put out the flower arrangements and the caterer comes at four.  We’ll begin at five and laugh the night away…”
Mark grinned. “So that’s the engaging part?”
Everyone laughed. “… Nice one, Mark.”
“Will Walt come over for it?” asked Melissa.
“I hope so. I invited him,” replied Debra. “… But he hasn’t been feeling very well since the investment party… Too many social gatherings for him, maybe…”
“Has he been to a doctor lately?” asked Mark.
She shook her head. “…Pretty hard to get Dad to a doc.  He has to be on his deathbed practically.”
Scott nodded.  “True, but I’ll bring him over.  He needs to be present to celebrate the engagement of his eldest daughter…” Debra smiled at him.
Then she yawned. “Sorry…sorry.  It’s not the company. I’ve just had a long day. Busy at the tasting room and last minute party details.”
“…Plus your beloved being underfoot,” grinned Mark.
“Yes, but that part I don’t mind.” Debra leaned over to kiss him. “Let’s take off, cutie.”
They said their goodbyes and left Scott and Melissa cleaning up in the kitchen.
“They’re a cute couple, aren’t they?” She turned on the dishwasher.
Scott wrapped his arms around her waist, swept her hair back over a shoulder and nuzzled her soft neck.
“Not half as cute as we are…”
She leaned back into him.  “… Missed you, sweetie.”
“You’re the one who refused to come by last night…”
“… Maybe I can make it up to you…”
“… Maybe you can…”
She sighed…
“What?”
Melissa turned around in Scott’s arms. “I just hope everything goes fine tomorrow for their party.”
“Why wouldn’t it?”
She shrugged. “…Don’t know… I just have this nagging feeling that I’ve forgotten something…”
“You never forget anything at one of your events.”
“… Yes, I am a bit obsessive, but this is another kind of feeling and it’s not great…”
He kissed her lips. “It’ll be fine… Now, how about I show you the great new shampoo I bought for us?”
She laughed…He was so cute…”And you think I need to shampoo my hair?”
“Yes, sweetie, and I’d like to do it for you…”
“You mean, do it to me…”
“Ha… What a potty mouth you have, Miss Social Director…  Let’s see if I can clean it up for you.”
“…Suggestions?”
“Yes, stop talking…” And she did when he brushed his lips against hers a few dozen times to get her in the mood for some serious kissing.  She laughed against his hungry mouth as he edged her towards the bedroom.
“…Honey…”
“…Nope.  No more talking – It’s kissing time… And then it’ll be lovemaking time.”
“I’m glad someone else has become the social director.”
She laughed again as they fell together in a heap on the bed and he turned the lights low.
Purring, her last comment was, “…Sweet talker…”


* * *



CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO


Debra finished working in the tasting room early that afternoon and hung a closed sign on the front door.  Then she and Mark began the cleanup needed for the engagement party, starting in just a few hours.  She tidied up the tasting room, while Mark went outside to brush off tables and chairs.  He threw some food out to a nosy peacock that had wandered over to the table area to see what he was doing.  Unbelievably, the peacocks seemed to enjoy human company and did their best to get in everyone’s way…
Melissa met the florist and was busy assisting her with the flower arrangements.  Debra had chosen happy, colorful flowers to place here and there, as well as on the outside tables.  Soon deep purple dahlias perked up the tasting room counter, while mauve clematis, peach garden roses and cheerful, pink peonies sat on windowsills and tables.  The florist and Melissa had also gotten creative with various glass vases, small boxes and even a few wineglasses, so beautiful flowers seem to peek out from everywhere.  The winery’s appearance soon resembled the happiest place in Avila Beach.
At four, on the dot, the caterer arrived and contributed her brand of happy for the party… Debra had selected various yummy appetizers to wow her friends that the caterer was now preparing.  On a table outside, she set up a three-tiered display of juicy strawberries and grapes.  Then she unwrapped colorful trays of mouth-watering snacks like chicken pastries, asparagus in prosciutto and chili lamb mini sausage rolls.  Melissa came out to help her and nearly swooned at the wonderful smells of little beef sliders and tempura salmon.
“Everything looks fabulous, Karen,” she said to the caterer.
“Thanks, Melissa.  Looks like another terrific event for you…”
“… Back at you… The food certainly helps make the terrific event.” She turned and called out to Debra.  “Deb?  Have you seen the food? Come on out.”
Taking a good look around at the beautiful party area now organized in the back part of the winery, Deb’s face lit up.
“It looks as wonderful as it smells.  Thanks to both of you for the major help…” Debra gave them both hugs and she got a little teary.  Mark and Scott came out with bottles of wine…
“Tears already?  We haven’t even had one of these tasty snacks yet.” Scott reached for a beef slider as Deb smacked his hand.
“When the guests arrive, you can eat.”
He pouted and held his hand up to Melissa.  “She hurt me,” he whined.  “Can you kiss it and make it better?”
Melissa laughed and turned his hand over to kiss his palm.  When he gave her a very warm look, Deb and Mark laughed.
“…Maybe you two should take this inside…”
“Nope,” said Mellissa.  “Work…work…work…”
“Yes, but you know what they say about all work and no play…” added Debra.
“Don’t worry about us…” smiled Melissa. “… Mr. Granger and I play plenty…”
“Whew… Getting pretty steamy out here,” laughed Mark. “Scott, are you able to help with the wine now?”
“Yep…Let’s do it.” And they went back inside to manage the wine bottles and glasses.
Guests began to arrive.  Debra and Mark had invited couples, as well as singles, so a good group of thirty was soon mingling, drinking and eating.  Laughter was heard over glasses clinking, plates being filled with food, and wine being poured and sipped.  Peacocks made their presence known with fanned tail feathers and pitiful cries.  People walked down rows of grapes in the vineyard and others were dancing slowly with the soft music in the background.
Melissa and Scott were busy for a while with food and wine, but the activity eventually calmed – They were able to have a bite themselves and then stole a moment to have a sweet dance.  The party atmosphere was playful…
“No games?” asked Scott. He was holding Melissa tightly in his arms, swaying slowly to the sensuous music.
“Mmmm…” Melissa murmured with her cheek against him. “No… Deb didn’t want any… She just wanted her friends to have fun and be happy with them…”
“Terrific idea… We should do this…”
Melissa blinked and pulled back to see his face.
“We should do what?”
His face suddenly had an expression like he’d been caught doing something he shouldn’t…
“…Um…”
“Do you mean have a party?”
“…Ah…”
“…An engagement party?”
…Listen…”
She started to laugh.  “… I guess you spoke before you thought…”
“Melissa…”
“It’s all right. I won’t hold your feet to the fire for very long.”
He stopped dancing and leaned in to kiss her lips.  “No… My feet aren’t cold at all.”  Scott gazed into her beautiful, green eyes. “… Melissa, I adore you.  Why don’t we…”
Debra came up to them then, interrupting a sentence Melissa wanted very much to hear him finish.  They stared at one another for a moment, and then glanced over at Debra.
“…Sorry to interrupt.  Really…” she smiled. “You looked like you were saying something very… interesting…” Her smile got a bit bigger.
“Yeah, Deb. What?” complained Scott. “We’re in the middle of something here.”
“I can see that.” She raised an eyebrow and her smile became a laugh.
“...So?”
“… Dad hasn’t come over yet.  Could you go get him before the party’s over?  I want him to make a toast soon…”
“…Oh, all right…”
Debra walked away laughing as Scott brought Melissa’s soft hand up to his lips for a kiss.
“Penny for your thoughts, sweetie…”
“…I promise to finish my sentence soon.  Let’s get Dad first…” Scott took Melissa’s hand as they walked over to the Granger residence to look for Walt.  His head was still in the clouds when he and Melissa walked into the house and called out for Walt.  There was no answer…
“Dad?” His cloudy mind cleared up quickly. “Dad?” When there was still no answer, he looked at Melissa. “Where in the hell could he be?  Asleep?”
“No… I talked to him earlier this afternoon and he was looking forward to the party.”  She felt uneasy… That nagging worry had returned.
“You check the kitchen and I’ll head to his bedroom.” As he left, she heard him calling out again, “Dad…”
And a few minutes later… “Oh, God… Dad…Dad…”
His voice had changed from irritation to panic in seconds.  Melissa ran to the bedroom to see what was happening.  Walt was sprawled on the floor, gasping for breath and clutching his chest.  His face was contorted in pain…
“Walt…” She brought a hand to her mouth in shock.
“…Just felt…dizzy,” Walt gasped.  “… Can’t catch… my breath.”
Scott found his cell phone and tossed it to Melissa.  “Call 911…”
While Melissa called, Scott loosened his dad’s collar and tried to make him more comfortable.  She told the dispatch operator that he’d probably had a heart attack, so the EMTs would be prepared.
“They said ten minutes…”
“Jesus,” said Scott. “I hope he has ten minutes…”
Walt looked like he was about to pass out. Melissa rushed into the kitchen to get a glass of water.  Taking the glass, Scott sprinkled water on Walt’s face and tried to keep him talking.  He glanced up at Melissa.
“…Get Deb…”
She ran back to the party and pulled Debra into the barrel room.
“What?”
“Sorry to be so brusque, Deb, but we think Walt’s had a heart attack. I just called for an ambulance.”
Debra’s eyes widened and a yelp of shock slipped out.
“He’s at the house?”
“Yes, come with me.” Melissa ran with Debra back to the house, where Scott hadn’t moved from his father’s side.
“Dad? Are you all right?” Deb started to cry.
“No…honey… Don’t think so. Sorry I ruined your party…”
Debra was sobbing now.  Scott’s face reflected how wrecked he felt.  He swallowed hard and looked at Melissa…”Get Mark to break up the party.  The ambulance should be here soon.  They’ll need a place to park their vehicle.”
She nodded and rushed back over to enlist Mark’s help.  With shocked faces, people began to leave and quickly.  Lots of ‘I’m so sorry’ and ‘Can we do anything to help?’  When everyone had gone, Mark left the winery to help Debra who was falling apart at the seams.  Melissa stayed to wait for the emergency staff…  She wanted to get them to Walt as soon as humanly possible.


* * *



CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE


Everyone was waiting in Emergency at the San Luis Obispo Hospital… …waiting…waiting for the doctor to come out… Let them know anything. Anything at all…
Scott paced the floor as Melissa watched him become more and more agitated. She didn’t think he’d make it, if Walt died.  Mark was holding onto Debra who had stopped crying and looked around nervously with red-rimmed eyes.  Melissa had called Sam who was here too and occasionally paced with Scott.  She now sat with Sue whose hand she had been holding… Trying to keep her calm.  The whole family was in turmoil.  Melissa surmised that Walt was the anchor holding them together.  She shuddered, not wanting to speculate what would happen to them if he didn’t make it…
A doctor finally came out.
“Hi, I’m Dr. Webster… You’re the Granger family?”
“Yes,” replied Scott. “How is he?”
“He’s resting comfortably at this time.  I’m going to have to admit him, Mr. Granger.”
“Okay… What’s wrong?”
“His heart attack was caused by angina.  Did anyone know that he had this condition?” The doctor looked at all the faces assembled in front of him.  Only shaking heads… No one had known.  “And he’s had it for a few years. I’m surprised he hasn’t had an attack before now.”
“So…” Scott licked his dry lips and began again. “Sorry… What can be done for him?”
“I’m admitting him for further examination and imminent surgery.”
“Surgery?” Debra stood up next to Scott.
“Yes.  He’s going to need angioplasty to get the blood flowing back to the heart.  And he’s going to need it soon…  Tomorrow, probably…”
“Angioplasty?” asked Scott.
“We insert a catheter into a blood vessel to find the coronary blockage.  Then we inject a dye that contains iodine which makes it possible for us to see the coronary arteries on a digital x-ray screen.”
“Then what?” asked Sam.
“Then a tiny balloon is moved through the catheter and used to open the artery.  It’s inflated for a time to make room for the blood to flow.  Chances are good we’ll have to put in a stent or two, depending on the number of blocked arteries.”
“…A stent?” asked Mark.
“That’s a small, expandable tube that is permanently inserted into the artery to keep it open.”
When he saw all their shocked faces, he wrapped up the conversation.
“It’s a fairly standard procedure and you’re in good hands at this hospital.  Right now, I need someone to admit Mr. Granger, so we can get started.”
Scott, Debra and Sue looked at one another and nodded.
“What should we all do, Scott?” asked Mark.
“Debra and Sue can get him admitted.  We can’t see him until tomorrow morning, so I guess we all go home for tonight.  I’ll come back in the morning and give you all calls about the surgery. Whoever wants to show up and wait with me, please do…”
Heads nodded in agreement.  Mark waited to take the girls home, Sam left and Melissa walked up to Scott.  She put her arms around him and hugged him tight.  He squeezed her too and she nearly cried.  When he pulled away from her, Scott cleared his throat.
“I guess we should go home too, Melissa.  Please stay tonight…”
“I’m not going anywhere…” She kissed his lips and cheeks.  “Let’s go, Scott.  I’ll drive…”
“No, I’m all right.”
“I don’t think so…”
“Okay… maybe you’re right.” And he handed her the car keys.

It was hard to sleep that night – They really didn’t try at first.  Melissa finally got him in bed and just lay down with him.  She continually soothed his brow, touched his face and snuggled close.  Scott became teary and wrapped his arms around her drawing her closer.  He lightly kissed her lips.
“Thank you for being here, honey.  I can’t tell how much it means that you’re here with me.”
“I’m here, Scott…I’m here for you.”
“I think I’m all in, not an ounce of energy left.” He reached over to turn off the night lamp by the bed.  “Let’s get some sleep, if we can. I’ll need to make some arrangements tomorrow…”
“Quit thinking, honey… Just sleep now.”
He eventually fell asleep clinging to her.  Melissa couldn’t believe the depth of her feelings for him.  Her love for him was like a bottomless well… It just kept going and going with no ending.  Before he dropped off to sleep, he’d breathed her name and she felt sucked into a vortex of feeling… love.  He was hurting… suffering enormous pain and he’d reached out for her.  Once Walt was out of the hospital and recuperating, she was ready for him to finish that sentence he’d started at the party before the problem with Walt began.  She knew he was on the verge of asking her to marry him…
No, now was not the time, but Melissa knew she’d wait for the right time.  She snuggled into the warmth of his arms, supremely happy. She knew she shouldn’t be because of Walt, but as long as she and Scott could be together, Melissa felt they could conquer anything…
An ambitious thought…


* * *



CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR


It all started the next day…
Responsibility after responsibility began piling up on Scott.  A million decisions needed to be made and he was now in charge of it all… Everyone came to him for an answer to a problem.

Walt’s surgery…
His subsequent recuperation at a nursing facility…
The new vineyard planting…
The current wine being produced…
Testing, filtration…
Negotiations with another vineyard for next year’s grapes…
Debra and Sue…
Financial details…
Meeting with accountants.

Scott assumed all the responsibility that typically his father had done.  No longer was he a carefree winemaker concentrating on one thing… Now he was chief, cook and bottle-washer.  The man in charge… If it weren’t for Melissa holding him together, he knew he’d be bursting at the seams.  Falling apart…
Little by little… day by day… Melissa watched Scott become more and more overwhelmed with everything that had been thrust upon him.  She had practically moved in to help him keep it together.  She marveled that he stepped up to the plate and was willing to take it all on, but at what cost?

After a few weeks, Walt was recuperating fairly well at the nursing facility in Arroyo Grande, but was in no condition to come back to work for some time. Or even back home… Scott and Melissa had been by to see him and he’d been in pretty good spirits.  When they left, Scott voiced his concerns to her in the car on the way home.
“He’s going to have a slow road to recovery.”
“Yes, but he is recovering…”
“True.  Melissa…”
“What?”
“… I think I’m in over my head…”
“Can’t you bring in Sam to help out?”
“Sam can’t do a lot of the financial details that Dad did.  He’d been training me slowly on it all, but I’ve been thrown into the deep end of the pool.”
“Could Deb, Sue or I help?”
“Deb’s getting married and leaving for Reno.  Sue’s going back to college soon and…”
“And? What about me?”
He ran a hand through his hair. “… You’ve got your business.  Everyone’s busy.  There’s only me…’
“No,” she said taking his hand. “No, I will help in any way you want me to.  Just tell me what to do, Scott and I’ll do it for you.  I can put my business on hold for a while…”
“You’d do that for me?”
“There isn’t too much I wouldn’t do for you, honey.  Remember I love you…”
He brought her hand up to his lips for a kiss.  “God, how I love you too…”
“What do you need?”
“… Besides you?”
“Yes,” she laughed. “I have to go back to my apartment tomorrow for more clothes.  Staying with you has me going through clothes like crazy…”

* * *

But things began to spiral down…
For a solid week there were problems with the filtration process with the current wine production, and the new vineyard with the Barbera vines had developed a fungus.  Sam was helping him sort it out… The university had sent a team to help too, but they were more bother than they were worth.  He came back to the condo night after night, dirty, exhausted and disheartened.  Then the edginess crept in…
When the vineyard in Templeton had balked at negotiations for next year’s grape crop, Scott went home tired, angry and spitting nails.  He walked in the door with a headache the size of Detroit pounding against his brain and was covered in leaves and dirt.
Melissa was cheerfully cooking dinner and had the radio turned up as she sang along with the music.  He thought about it later, much later, how he was probably spoiling for a fight and needed desperately to vent.  Melissa caught the fallout…
“Turn that down…” He rubbed his head as he walked in the front door.
She didn’t hear him at first.
“Damn it, turn that down…” Scott reached over and turned off the radio so hard that he broke a dial.
Melissa looked at him. “I’m sorry. I didn’t hear you come in…” She glanced at the broken radio.  “Did you have to break it?”
“Yes, apparently so…” He walked into the bathroom to find some aspirin and she followed him.  Standing in the doorway, she watched perplexed as he opened one cabinet door after another, mumbling… Slamming the doors shut.
“Do you want an aspirin?”
“Yes, damn it. Where did you put them?”
She reached into one of the open cabinets and handed him the bottle.  He jerked it open and ate three without drinking water.
“I didn’t do anything with them. They’re here where they’ve always been.”
Scott glanced at the counter – Many of Melissa’s cosmetics were there and it annoyed him.
“This place is so crowded, Melissa.  Look at all this stuff.”
She watched dumbfounded as he got out the wastebasket and proceeded to sweep all her things into it.
“Scott, what the hell are you doing?” She grabbed the wastebasket and started pulling cosmetics out.
“There’s too much stuff in here.”  She continued to watch as he walked into the bedroom waving his hands.  “And look at all the stuff in here.”  He picked up her brush and comb lying on the dresser.  “Clothes, things…stuff…” He wasn’t done with his mad yet…
“Listen, honey, I imagine you’ve had a bad day…”
“…A bad day?”  He gave a dark laugh.  “I’ve been having bad weeks since Dad’s heart attack.”  She could see he was going to get madder before he calmed down.
“I know…”
“No, you don’t know.  You just pop around to fix dinner and run off to do your events.  I’m stuck in the muck and the mire, and I’m getting fed up…”
She crossed her arms.  “What exactly are you getting fed up with?”  They glared at each other, Scott still held onto her brush.  “… Me? Are you fed up with me being here? Am I bothering you?”
“Yes…No… I don’t know.”
“You don’t know.”
“No, I don’t know,” he yelled and pushed past her to get a glass of water in the kitchen.  She followed him…
“Do you need more peace and quiet, Scott?”
“Yes…. Please.”
“I assume that means you want me to leave because I’m too noisy…”
“Yes… no… My head is rocketing off my shoulders, Melissa, and I’ve had the day from hell…  Cut me a break here.”
She absolutely could not believe what he’d just said…
“That’s all I’ve done for you since Walt’s heart attack.  I’ve cut you break after break… after break.  I’ve put my life on hold for you, Scott.  Cut you a break?” She laughed and left the kitchen.  He heard her in the bedroom.
“I’ll cut you a big break and get the hell out of here.  Obviously, I’m in the way.” He walked into the bedroom to watch her pack a suitcase.  “Yes, I’ll cut you that break and even make it a clean one.”  She snapped her suitcase shut and grabbed her purse.
“This is the clean break, Scott… the clean break-up…I’m sorry I was such a bother to you.”
Scott finally realized the danger…
“Wait a minute.” He tried to block her exit.  “Let me say something here.”
“Oh, boy… Have you said plenty already…” She headed for the door and Scott hurried after her.
“Wait, please…”
She turned to look at his face – She could see he was hurting big time from everything and had probably needed to take it out on someone.  Her understanding still didn’t make it all right… Now he’d hurt her.
“I’ve done everything I know to make you happy, Scott.  I guess my efforts weren’t good enough, so I’m leaving.”  He reached out to touch her.  “No, stay away from me… You’ve said and done enough.  Leave me alone…”
With that, she opened the door and ran for her car.  She knew tears were coming soon and wondered briefly how in the world she’d be able to drive.  Pulling away, she looked through a thin veil of tears to see Scott in her rearview mirror -- Waving at her… and then the phone began to ring.  She glanced at the number and saw he was calling.  She turned it off.
Once she was back in her apartment, Melissa sank wearily onto her bed and wrapped her arms around herself.  She’d just broken up with the man she loved.  How had that happened?  Why had that happened?
And she succumbed to the avalanche of tears that began to fall…


* * *



CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE


It finally registered that someone was pounding on her door.  Melissa staggered down the hallway to the front door and glanced out the peephole to see Maria waving at her.
“Let me in,” came her muffled cry.
She opened the door and Maria enveloped her in a huge hug.  Melissa began crying again, so Maria took her into the living room and sat her down on the sofa.
“What happened?  Tell me…” She brought over a box of tissue.
“How did you know anything happened?” she sobbed.
She snorted. “Scott called Tyler who, naturally, called me. Quite a circle of information we have going…”
“He called Tyler?”
“…Yes, wildly upset.  Tyler’s with him now at the condo, trying to calm him down.  He’s throwing up, I guess.”
“Good.  I hope he throws up a vital organ… like his brain…”
Maria ventured a small smile. “…His brain?”
“Yes, his puny brain… He can’t throw up his heart because he doesn’t one…”
“… Oh, Melissa… What happened?”
She stopped crying and hiccupped a few times.  “I need some water…”
Maria went into the kitchen and brought her back some water.  She also brought the whiskey bottle.
“What do I want that for?”
“Just have a sip… It’ll settle your stomach.”
“My stomach’s fine…”
“Well, it’ll calm you down then.”
“How? By getting me drunk?”
Maria smiled then, which forced Melissa to smile back.
“Drink up and talk to me…”
Melissa took a small sip of the whiskey and a large drink of water.  She squared her shoulders and began.
“He’s been under more and more pressure.  Everyday he’d come home with the weight of the world on him… I could see it.  I guess I should have realized that he’d snap sooner or later.”
“So he came home,” she prompted.
“… And I was happily singing and cooking in the kitchen.  I was making his favorite food – lasagna.  I’d just put it in the oven and set the controls.”
“And then what?”
“All of a sudden he’s there and pissed that the volume on the radio is too high.  He tries to turn it down and breaks the dial off.  I just stood there looking at him…I couldn’t believe it!”
“He broke the radio?”
“Yeah…”
“After that?”
She paused and took another sip of whiskey.  “Maybe this isn’t so bad.”
“Drink up. You’ll sleep better.”
“… Anyway, then he goes into the bathroom looking for a bottle of aspirin.  And he’s angry at something, someone… He can’t find the bottle even though he’s opened up every cabinet in the bathroom.  I reach over and pluck out the aspirin from a cabinet he’s looking at and he starts yelling at me…”
“About what?”
“… All my stuff he sees lying on the counter.  He’s a madman… Then he grabs the wastebasket and dumps all my cosmetics into it.”
Maria’s mouth dropped open. “…Um...”
“Exactly my reaction… What the hell’s going on?  I don’t know, but it gets worse.”
“Worse?  How?”
“He starts yelling that I have too much stuff everywhere and he needs peace and quiet…”
“Peace and quiet?”
“Yeah, I guess I was making too much noise cooking for him, cleaning the place, washing his clothes, listening to him, visiting his sick father, helping his distraught sisters and sleeping with him every… damn… night…”
“It must have been the sleeping…”
“It had to be the sleeping because it sure wasn’t the sex – We haven’t had any since Walt had his heart attack.  Scott’s been way too upset to think about anything sexual or romantic.  I was making him a nice dinner with wine tonight, hoping I could get him relaxed… maybe we could have a romantic evening… I …I miss making love with Scott…My Scott… I don’t know who that lunatic was tonight.”
She sipped more whiskey and looked into Maria’s sympathetic face.
“Is that it?”
“… Pretty much except for the ‘Give him a break’ line he threw at me when I was packing to leave.  That’s when I told him I’d give him a clean break-up…”
She smiled grimly at Maria.  “…Pretty piss poor joke, I know…”
“Oh, sweetie, I’m so sorry.” Maria gave her another hug.  “What do you want to do now?”
“Do?  Nothing… I have a consultation with a new client tomorrow and I’m going to bury myself in work.”
“What about the other Grangers? Deb, Sue, Walt…”
“I’ll make it a point to visit Walt and just phone his sisters.  But what can I possibly say to them?”
“… And they’ll probably be upset too…”
“I’m sure.” She exhaled a big breath and picked up the whiskey bottle.  “Have one with me?”
“You bet, honey… I’m here for you.”
Melissa swallowed.  “Thank God for you, Maria…”
“Pour the glasses.”  She did and they raised them in the air.  “Here’s to sisterhood…”

* * *

Scott had finally come to his senses when he watched Melissa drive off in a hurry.  She wouldn’t answer her phone and he didn’t know what else to do.  He called Maria to make sure she got home all right, but Maria didn’t pick up.  Following her in the car seemed like a bad idea because his head was still in various stages of lift-off on his neck.  He wearily walked back to the condo, sank into a chair on the porch and got out his cell phone to call Tyler.
“… Man, did I screw up tonight…”
“Scott? Is that you?  God, you sound awful… Are you drinking?”
“Not yet…”
“Stay put. I’m on my way over.”
He clicked off his phone and stuck it back in his pocket.  Scott went into the kitchen to get a beer, where he belatedly saw the pretty table Melissa had set with flowers, tablecloth and candles.  Then he smelled the marinara sauce and opened the oven to see the wonderful lasagna she’d made for their dinner. He opened the frig and found salad and French bread… She’d made his favorite meal…Jesus – He didn’t think he could feel any worse, but seeing all her loving preparations made him sink to a new low… That’s when he ran into the bathroom and threw up…
Tyler found him holding a cold beer bottle to his forehead, sitting out on the deck.  Ocean breezes softly blew up on them and the briny smell filled their nostrils.  It was a beautiful night, but Scott neither saw nor cared…
“You look as bad as you sound.”
“Yeah…”
Tyler sat in a deck chair looking him over.
“Are you hurt?”
“… Just my exploding head and breaking heart…”
“What the hell happened?  You have a fight with Melissa?”
“I went on a tear and she tried to reason with a madman.”
“Scott, tell me…”
“Oh, shit… It’s just the worst.  You know things have gotten pretty crazy since Dad’s heart attack.”
“Yeah, but I thought you were managing.”
“So did I… But the week’s been horrible and today was the day from hell… I’ve got filtration problems with the Granger wines, a fungus on some of my new plants out in Arroyo, and the Templeton people are giving me trouble about the contract for next year’s grapes.”
“Damn… Who’s helping you?”
“Sam, a bit. Mainly it’s been…” he gulped in some air, “…Melissa.”
“I gather you took everything out on her…”
“Damn, Tyler…Sometimes it’s like she’s the only one who really cares.  Deb and Mark are going to Reno soon, Sue’s off to school next week and Dad’s incapacitated… Melissa stepped up to fill the gap.  She’s wonderful and I blew sky high at her tonight…” He dropped his head in his hands.
“She didn’t deserve that.”
“No, of course not.  I’m a prick… Shit…She’s hung in there for me through thick and thin.  And it’s been pretty thin, I’m sure – We haven’t even made love in weeks.”
“Too much information, Scott.  What happened tonight?”
“I came home with a massive headache and things just went downhill.  She’s singing to the radio… I tried to turn it off and broke the knob.”
“You broke the radio?”
“Yeah, stupid, I know. Then I can’t find the bottle of aspirin, which is in plain sight in front of me because she calmly hands it to me… and I explode about all her stuff in the bathroom.”
“Stuff?”
“… Makeup, sponges, cleansers… you know, girl stuff.”
“Oh, yeah. Maria leaves all that in my bathroom too.”  Tyler smiled. “I kinda like it…”
“So do I, that’s what I can’t understand.  At the moment, it just pissed the hell out of me that it was in my way… when it really wasn’t.”
“What’s Melissa doing?”
“… Trying to figure out why the man she loves, or maybe used to love, has gone stark, raving crazy… I probably looked it too.”
“Huh… Then what happened…”
Scott looked like he might throw up again.  He took a quick drink of his beer and then leaned the cold bottle back against his head.
“I went into the bedroom complaining about all the stuff she had in there.  She asked if she was bothering me by being around and I couldn’t give her a straight answer.  That’s when she pulled out a suitcase and started packing.”
“Damn…”
“I said some other stupid things, she packed and left.  I’m pretty sure we broke up…”
“… How’s your head?”
“Worse and I need to throw up again… I’ll be back.”
While Scott was in the bathroom, Tyler had called Maria to alert her to the crisis.  She said she’d take care of Melissa, if he’d see to Scott.  Tyler walked into the condo and noticed the lasagna sitting on the stove.
“Scott? What’s this? It looks fabulous.”
He came into the kitchen shaking his head.  “She made a lovely dinner for us tonight – My favorite meal even and I treated her shitty.  I don’t blame her for breaking up with me.”
“Maybe it’s not that bad.”
“Remember the thing with Phil?”
“Yeah…”
“…Kitten play compared to this nuclear disaster.”
“Sit down, Scott, before you fall down.”
“Okay…” He sat down on a kitchen chair.
“Want to make this right?”
“Of course, I do. I love Melissa…”
“You’re going to have to woo her all over again.”
“Woo?  Did you just say woo?”
“Yes, and you’d better listen to me.”
“I am listening…”
“… Flowers… candy… love-notes… anything.  Don’t hound her on the phone or show up at her place all the time though.  That just makes you look like a stalker…”
“I don’t think that’s going to work.”
“Give her a few days to cool off and then send some flowers.  Write some heartfelt notes and slip them under her door.  Don’t call more than once a day and don’t just show up on her doorstep…”
“…I’ll try…”
“And you want to know how to get rid of that headache?”
“Yeah.”
“Drink water instead of that beer, rest on the bed for a while, preferably in the dark and put a cool compress on your head.  A backrub would be helpful, but probably not possible.”
“Melissa did all those things with me several nights last week. I’ve had a few headaches lately.”
“You might want to see a doc too…”
“Okay, thanks.”  They looked at each other for a few minutes.
“How’s your dad?”
“…Recuperating. He’s all right, but it’s slow progress.  We’re all just thrilled he’s still with us.”
“Hang in there, buddy and get some help with the work.  Call in Sam more than you’ve been doing.”
They watched the ocean for a while, until Tyler rose from his chair.
“Gotta go.  Let’s get together for dinner tomorrow.”
“Just come back here. We’ll eat Melissa’s lasagna…”
“Can you do that without the tears?”
“Ha… I’ll give it a try.”


* * *



CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX


Melissa started receiving a few notes from Scott.  Notes in the mail or on her windshield wiper… He’d call once a day, usually in the evening and just leave a sweet apology on her voicemail.  He’d apologized twelve times now for the twelve days they’d been broken up.  She never returned his calls…
Going about her business, she had many consultations for new business.  A few times downtown, she’d had lunch with clients and just knew he was there somewhere.  She’d get goosebumps and the hair would rise on her arms.  She couldn’t call him a stalker because she wanted to see him as badly as she knew he wanted to see her.  Just not yet…
Facing the inevitable, she felt this strong pull towards him and one afternoon, found herself in front of Walt’s recuperation facility. She hadn’t seen him in a week and got up her nerve to go in.  When she walked into his room, his obvious pleasure showed in his big smile.
“Melissa!  It’s wonderful to see you.  Thanks for coming…”
She walked up to his bed and kissed his cheek. “Thanks, Walt. You look great…” She’d brought flowers for him.
“Well, I look better than my son, that’s for sure. You two have a fight?”
She shook her head. “No, Walt. We broke up…”
“Oh, no…”
“Here, let me put those in water for you.” As she ran some water in a vase and arranged the flowers for him, Walt narrowed his eyes at her.  Something must be done here…
“Will you be going home soon?”
“Maybe another week, but I have to continue physical therapy to regain some muscle loss.”
She smiled at him.  “We were all so scared that we’d lost you… Especially Scott…”
“I know why you broke up, Melissa, honey…”
“Don’t be worrying about any of that business. You need to concentrate on getting well.”
“He was overwhelmed with all the winery business and took it out on you, didn’t he?”
“…Yes…”
“Was it bad?”
Tears came to her eyes.  “It was horrible, Walt, but I knew all along why he was so upset.  I’d been watching him for weeks and knew how hard it all was.”  She shook her head and dabbed her eyes.  “I knew he was going to fall apart sooner or later… Guess I wasn’t prepared when it happened though.”
“… He loves you.”
“… And I love him.  Love’s not the problem.”
“I thought all you need is love…”
She laughed. “Walt Granger… Are you trying to play Cupid?”
“Sweetie, you’re wonderful, and you and Scott are wonderful together.  Please talk to him…”

On her way home, she thought about what Walt had said and started weakening about seeing Scott.  She missed him terribly and was having trouble sleeping. She knew he was too…
His fourteenth apology mentioned he still had her hairbrush.  Didn’t she want it? He’d bring it over, if that was okay…  She hadn’t responded to that phone message either, but she knew the time was coming when she would.
She bumped into Maria on her way up the apartment stairs.
“Hey…”
“Hey…”
“How about dinner tonight?”
She shook her head. “I just don’t feel like it, Maria.  There’s a movie on television that I want to see…”
“I’m not taking no for an answer.  Come on… We haven’t had a girls’ night out in weeks.”
Melissa laughed. “Okay… Where?”
“…Spyglass Inn…”
“Uh-uh… Can’t go there.”
“Why not? They have the best coconut shrimp, which I’m dying for…”
“Maria…”
“You’ve got to get past this – Not wanting to revisit places you’ve been to with him.  The area’s too small to do that.”
“…Um…”
“I’ll drive. Let’s go…”
Driving out to Shell Beach, Maria peppered her with questions about everything… everything except about Scott.  Finally, when they’d pulled into the restaurant parking lot, she asked.
“Have you heard from him?”
“Every day for fourteen days and counting…”
“… Talk to him, sweetie.  You know he’s sorry and dying to see you…”
Melissa gave her a slight smile and contemplated calling him later, after dinner.  She was ready to see him again.
They walked into the restaurant and stopped at the hostess station to be seated.  Out of the corner of Melissa’s eye, she saw Scott in the bar, drinking with a woman.  She quit breathing… Maria saw him half a second later and gasped.  Scott looked over and saw Melissa about the same time and froze…
She quickly turned around and fled the restaurant as fast as she could go.  Tears were already in her eyes… Maria dashed after her, while Scott sprang up from his stool and ran out too.  In the center of the parking lot, Melissa stopped.  Maria looked back at Scott who’d caught up with them.
“…Maria, give us a minute… Please…” She nodded and headed back into the restaurant.
“Melissa…”
She wouldn’t turn around.  Scott stepped closer – He was close enough to touch her…
“…Please turn around.”
She turned very slowly, staring at him with wide eyes, tears steadily falling.
“Melissa, it’s not what it looks like…”
She swallowed.  When she spoke, it was more of a whisper, as she dashed back her tears with a hand.
“… Probably not, but it doesn’t change the fact that you’re here with somebody else.”
“I’m not… I just stopped for a beer on my way home from the vineyard.   Michelle saw me and came over to say hi.  We’re not here together.”
She continued to stare at him and didn’t respond. There he was with his handsome face and sad blue eyes. She glanced at his tousled blonde hair – Still with a few leaves in it.
“Dad’s been asking for you.”
“… Don’t play that card with me.”
He ran a nervous hand through his hair, messing it up even more than it was originally.
“I was a shit to you, I know.  It’s just been all too much for me, Melissa, which I know you realize.  I shouldn’t have lashed out at you and I’m so incredibly sorry.  Can you please forgive me? I know you were just trying to help. You’re wonderful and that’s what you do…”
When she didn’t respond, he rattled on.  “I’ve been calling you and leaving short messages.  I knew you wouldn’t speak to me, but I didn’t want to become a stalker either.  Please speak to me, honey… Can’t I make it up to you?”
When he called her honey, her knees nearly buckled.  He wanted to touch her so badly that his hand reached out for her… She moved back.
“… You know that half finished sentence you started at Deb’s party… Right before we left and found Walt?”
He nodded, wondering where she was going with this.
“May I finish it now?”
“No…I don’t want you to finish it.  I guess there’s no happily-ever-after for us, Scott.”
He started to object when Maria came back out.
“Maria, let’s go…” She called out and turned to walk back to the car.
Scott couldn’t take his eyes off her and whispered as she got in, “I love you, Melissa…”
Maria heard him as she walked by and her eyes misted.  Pulling out, she glanced back and saw Scott still standing in the middle of the parking lot.  He was rubbing his forehead and looked truly miserable.  That fit, she thought, looking at her equally miserable best friend, Melissa, who had dissolved in tears next to her.  She cried all the way back to town and up the stairs to her apartment.
“Aren’t you glad you took me out for dinner?” she sniffed.
It was Maria’s turn to look miserable. “I’m so sorry, Melissa.  Let me stay over tonight. I’ll sleep on the couch in case you need me.”
Melissa shook her head.  “No, I’ll be all right.  See you tomorrow.”
“Tomorrow, then…”
Standing outside Melissa’s door, Maria heard her start crying again.  She went back to her apartment and called Tyler.  He was as pissed at Scott as she was.  The damage seemed irrevocable.


* * *



CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN


The notes stopped…
Evening apologies stopped…
The world stopped…

Maria and Tyler put all wedding plans on hold for the time being.  Everyone had been blasted by the traumatic breakup and subsequent falling shards of pain.  Maria couldn’t have a wedding without her best friend and right now, her best friend couldn’t take being Maid of Honor in a wedding.
Debra and Mark were stuck in neutral as well.  With Walt coming home at last and requiring attention, she felt that she couldn’t abandon him and leave for Reno with Mark, their original plan.  They decided to delay their wedding until Walt was better.   And then there was the problem of their wedding planner – The last thing Deb wanted to discuss with Melissa right now was a wedding… She could hardly talk to Scott about it either.
Scott, however, was slowly learning the hard way how to stand on his own two feet.  He put in long, killer hours, but was growing into the job of executive-in-charge of a winery.  He and Sam eventually eradicated the fungus on his new plants.  Several investors had been out to the new vineyard in Arroyo to see how things were going.  They seemed pleased, so Scott was pleased too.
He’d finally gotten the new lease negotiated with the Templeton vineyard to buy Granger grapes for the upcoming year.  The current production of Granger wines was successfully continuing, with Sam’s help, and it looked like the winery would stay afloat.
One night, he was breathing a relieved sigh with Tyler at the pub in Avila Beach.  They were nursing a couple of beers.
“… Helluva six months we just had…” remarked Tyler.
“Got that right.  Didn’t think I’d make it quite a few times.”
“Granger Winery seems to be alive and kickin’.”
“Yep, but at what cost…”
Tyler looked at him as he sipped his beer.
“What is the cost?”
Scott shook his head. “Your wedding’s on hold, Mark and Deb’s is too and I’m sleeping on my couch again.”
“…Couch?”
“…Just can’t handle sleeping in my bed—alone.”
They were quiet for a minute.
“…Understandable. You dating?”
“Nope.”  He scrunched up his face. “It makes my stomach hurt for you to even ask me that…”
“You’ve got to come back to the world.”
“What’s the world done for me lately?” he said bitterly.  Scott glanced around the room and back at Tyler.  “… How…” he cleared his throat, “…How is she?”
He shrugged. “She’s okay…”
“Good.”
“Why don’t you just show up at her door?  That worked before…”
“… Because she really doesn’t want to see me.”  When Tyler opened his mouth to say something else, he continued. “She made that crystal clear.”
Silence again while they thought that over.
“Is she seeing anyone?”
Tyler shook his head.  “… Hell, no.  She’s loaded down with work.  Maria says she’s insulated her life with work, which doesn’t leave her much time for thinking.”
“I can understand that. It hurts less if you keep busy… no time to think.”
Tyler took a pull before responding. “I still don’t see why you can’t just call her or something.”
“I tried that, remember? I called for two weeks straight, sent flowers and notes.  She might have been amenable to seeing me again, until that scene at Spyglass when she saw me in the bar with Michelle.  That blew all my hard work right out of the water.”
“Yeah, guess you’re right.”
“An overture needs to come from her now… If there’s ever going to be one.”
“…Huh…”

Meanwhile, in Cay Canyon at the Granger home, Debra was making Walt comfortable in the living room.
“Got everything you need, Dad? I need to be in the tasting room for a while.”
“Sure, sure. I’m fine.  That nurse will be here soon?”
“Yes, Scott hired a woman to come in four days a week to help out.  He puts in twelve-hour days, Sue left for college and I’m busy too.  It’s just temporary…”
“Yes, I know… Deb?”
She looked at her dad.  He seemed a little shaky today.
“Are you all right?”
“… Fine, fine.  But I wish everything could go back to where we were before the heart attack. I feel like I’ve screwed things up for everyone.”
She sat down by him on the couch.  “It wasn’t your fault… Things just…happened.”
“Honey, your wedding’s been postponed because of me.  Scott and Melissa broke up because of me…”
“No, Dad…No…”
“Well, that’s the way I see it.  Scott was completely overwhelmed with running the winery by himself and took it out on her.”
“But they were coming around… Unfortunately, that’s when Melissa saw him at Spyglass with Michelle.  Now the break seems permanent.”
Walt knit his brow, confused. “He was seeing Michelle again?”
“No… He’d just stopped in for a beer on his way home and she was there.  They talked for a few minutes – It meant nothing.”
“…Melissa walked in and saw them?”
“Yeah…” She blew out a breath. “…Damn…”
He thought that over.  “And you?”
“Mark and I are still getting married, but I’m waiting until you’re better. I can’t leave now, but having the nurse come in will help out.”
“I want to start helping with the winery again.”
“…Talk to Scott.”
After she’d left, Walt made two phone calls.  The first was to his son to ask how he was doing.  Satisfied, he made the second call – to Melissa.
“Hi… It’s Walt…”
“Walt! How are you? Where are you?”
“I’m fine, sweetie, and I’m home now.  Where are you?”
“I’m up in Morro Bay talking with a new client.”
“… Melissa…”
“Yes, sir?”
“I miss you… I miss you and Scott being together.”
Melissa gulped and pushed a strand of hair back that had blown in her face. “Walt…”
“Would you come down and have lunch with me?”
“…I don’t think that’s such a good idea, do you?”
“Yes… he won’t be here.  He has too much to do…”
“Is Deb helping you?”
“Some. She’s trying to wean me off her,” he laughed. “They’ve got some woman coming in a few days to check on me.”
“…You sure?”
“Yes, we all miss you.”
She swallowed hard.  “Okay… but no setups or surprises.  I just couldn’t take it.”
“All right, sweetie. Mum’s the word…”
She laughed. “Today?”
“Today would be perfect.”
“Okay. I’ll bring some soup and salad, so you don’t need to fuss…”
“I don’t mind.”
“Well, I’m insisting.”
“One o’clock?”
“…Sounds fine.”
Then he told Debra what was happening and made her promise to keep Scott away, if he showed up.  She told him to quit playing Cupid…

* * *

Driving down to Avila Beach, Melissa’s eyes were on the sky.  What was happening?  Looked like a huge storm was coming… Well, that would be wonderful, actually, since the rain would be welcome.  The darkening skies actually brightened her mood and she knew the moisture couldn’t come too soon.
Arriving in Cay Canyon, it certainly was getting dark.  Only one in the afternoon, but the day resembled more like twilight.  Her bright mood was replaced with uneasiness… It didn’t look good after all.
Turning on her radio, she found a weather report that warned of severe weather.  The tumultuous sky turned the landscape into silhouette with streaks of dark and light.  She parked her car at the winery and looked up. That’s when she felt the first raindrops… The air was fresh with a slight breeze.  But as she headed to the house, the dark clouds opened and rain began to beat down.  It always amazed her how quick and intense rainfall could be…
She found Walt in the living room and his smile lit up the room when he saw her.
“Melissa!”
She was pleased she had come to see him – He was just so happy to see her.  They talked for a while, listening to the rain beating down on the roof.
“Look outside, Melissa.  See any lightning strikes?”
“Oh, God. I’d forgotten about the lightning strikes.”
She couldn’t see anything out the window, but turned on the TV to find some weather news.  It wasn’t good…
Thunder boomed overhead and the television went out, but not before, a weatherman had warned of severe lightning strikes in the Arroyo Grande and Pismo Beach areas.  People had been advised to get off the beaches and get indoors.  Melissa feared the worst…
While she and Walt were fretting about the ominous weather, Debra ran in breathlessly. She blinked to see Melissa sitting there, but ran up, grabbed her hand and jerked her to her feet.
“Yow!  What, Deb?”
“Come on. There’s no time for talking. I’ll call you later, Dad.”
She pulled Melissa into a bedroom and started tearing through a dresser looking for something.  She grabbed a pair of jeans and threw them at Melissa.
“What?”
“Put these on. I’ll explain in the car.”
“… Explain now.”
“Get dressed…”
“Okay, okay.” Melissa slipped off her skirt and pulled on Debra’s jeans.  “Now what?”
“Follow me.”
Debra and Melissa ran out to her car.  Getting in, Deb barely looked behind her as she sped out of the winery.
“Watch it, Deb. You almost hit a peacock...”
Deb turned a grim face to Melissa. “Scott’s in trouble, Melissa. Thank God you were here…”
She grabbed her arm. “What’s happening?”
“…Lightning strikes… The new vineyard’s on fire…”
Melissa gasped.  “No…”
Deb nodded her head. “Oh, yes… Time to set aside whatever happened between you two.   You have as big a stake in this new vineyard as he does…”
“You’re right… Of course… Oh, God…”
“…Right.  If he loses this vineyard…” She let the thought run out because saying it was just too hard.
“…It would kill him…”
Deb speeded up.  “We’re almost there…”
The ride to the vineyard in Arroyo Grande from Cay Canyon only took ten minutes, but it was the longest ten minutes of her life.  Staring out the window, the darkness seemed more threatening now and the thunder louder… more ominous...  Tyler had called to enlist her help – Everyone was out at the vineyard fighting the fires.  The whole situation took on a dreamlike, surreal quality until Debra turned a corner and the hills in front of them were on fire…
Great licks of orange and yellow danced on the ground, jumping from bush to tree, grapevine to fence.  It was beautiful and frightening at the same time…
She began trembling with fright… They ran to the vineyard where hoses from a water truck had been brought in and buckets of water were being thrown on the plants.  She jumped when thunder boomed overhead like a jet plane reaching Mach 1.  Looking up, another series of white bolts of lightning thrust jaggedly toward the ground.  The danger was imminent…
She and Deb immediately started working with a hose, spraying water at some burning plants.  She guessed, in her haze, that lightning had struck the wooden fences, causing the spot fires here and there.  Sam, Tyler and Scott were everywhere at once, directing what needed to be done and putting out as many fires as they could.
More water was brought over from another water truck that had arrived.  It frightened her even more to think of Scott’s dream literally going up in smoke….  She couldn’t even imagine the fear going through his mind and could think of nothing but him.  That’s when he appeared…Covered in soot, soaked to the skin with his clothes giving off a smoky haze around him.  And he looked wonderful…
Scott saw her then and smiled slightly before running off to tackle another new spot fire.  A fire truck had arrived and soon had most of the hill fires extinguished.  If there were no new lightning strikes, the worst might be over.
Debra, Maria and Melissa stopped to look around them.  They’d been struggling for hours now, but it seemed like minutes… Most of the fires were put out and a cloud of smoke covered the whole vineyard.  Melissa couldn’t even begin to think how this disaster was going to affect his crop.  It was unthinkable…
Everyone finally had stopped working… they were resting and panting. Trying to catch a breath.  Sitting… standing all around… It was a like tragic scene from a disaster movie, only this was stark reality.  More had burned here than the grapevines… A future might have gone up in smoke as well.  Melissa’s eyes blurred with tears as she watched Scott walking up to her.  She rubbed her eyes to clear her vision…
They were covered in dirt and soaking wet from battling the fires.  Soot coated clothes, hair and skin… He stopped a few feet away and looked hungrily into her red-rimmed green eyes… In a matter of seconds, she ran crying into his open arms.  Scott cried too as he gathered her tightly to him.  Maria, Tyler and Deb disappeared to give them some privacy…
“You’re… here,” Scott croaked.
“Where I should have been… all along,” she cried.
He smoothed back hair from her face and kissed her with all his heart.
“I’ve missed you so much, it hurts…”
She kissed him back…”I know…”
And there in the middle of a smoking vineyard, they stayed in each other’s embrace, just basking in the feelings that overwhelmed them.  Finally, Scott pulled back to gaze into her blackened, tear-streaked face.  He found it hard to speak – all his emotions choked his throat, more than any fire or smoke could do.
“I’m going to finish that sentence now,” he finally managed to get out.
She smiled up at him. “Now?”
“…Yes, now…”
“Okay.”
“Melissa, I adore you…”
“And I adore you…”
“…Why don’t we get married?”
“Is that what you want?”
“Incredibly so… Do you?” He tilted her pretty face up to look at him…Lips inches apart.
“Yes… Of course, I’ll marry you, Scott. I love you…”
He blew out a breath and grabbed her against his chest.  “Thank God… I love you so much, honey.  This whole mess about killed me…”
She looked around him.  “…How about the vineyard?”
He glanced around too.  “We lost some plants, for sure, but we’ll just clean it all up and replace what we’ve lost.”  He looked deeply into her eyes. “But there’s no way I could ever replace you.  I’m not sorry the fire happened, if this is what it took to get you back…”
The enormity of what he said hit her like a sledgehammer and she sank gratefully into the warmth of his arms.  Neither one wanted to do anything else…
Tyler and Maria finally approached.
“…Everything all right here?” Maria smiled.
Melissa couldn’t speak and stayed with her head against Scott’s chest.
“…Good,” he breathed. “We’re good…”


* * *



CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT


There was much work to be done and so arrangements were made to start cleaning up the vineyard of its smoking debris…  But that was for another day…
Fire trucks and water trucks eventually left.  Scott thanked everyone profusely and told them all to go home.  Many would be back tomorrow.  So many people from the area had pitched in to fight the fires – many that he didn’t even know.
He hadn’t let go of Melissa’s hand since she finally had returned to his arms… his life. Exhausted, he smiled at her.
“You may need to organize a thank you party for everyone here tonight.”
She returned his smile. “Good idea… I’ll think about it later though. Can we go home now?”
“Yes, honey.  My place?” She nodded.  “It’s closer…”
“And you have the better shower, which we both desperately need.”
His grin spread across his face.  “You want a shower?  Let’s go…”

Debra called Walt to let him know the fires were out and also about Melissa and Scott. Walt was thrilled with both pieces of news and asked if they would visit him tomorrow.  Debra smiled, raised an eyebrow and said she’d try.
It might be hard to get them anywhere tomorrow, since they just reunited and… well… it had been a while, obviously.

Later that night, clean-scrubbed and smelling fresh, Scott and Melissa were cuddling in his underused bed, talking softly.  Relief was etched on their faces and in the quiet tones they used.  Scott was calm, happy and very thrilled that she was there.  Melissa couldn’t stop smiling…
“I think that was our best shower adventure ever,” grinned Melissa.
“Yeah… Didn’t know you could get soot in those hard-to-reach places on your delectable body.”
“…It was so nice of you to search thoroughly,” she smirked, “and not leave a single inch of me unsoaped…” She gave him a sexy smile.
“Well, I wanted to do a good job…”
“Thank you, sweetie.” She leaned in to plant a juicy kiss on his lips.
“You’re most welcome.”
“…But you know,” she continued playfully, “putting your magic fingers into certain parts of my body was curious.”
“How so?”
“… Well, for instance, I don’t think you really found any soot between my legs.”  She gaze him an earth-scorching look.
“Don’t you think I checked well enough?”
“No…Maybe you should check again…”
He smiled, then kissed her long and slow…She reached up to run fingers through his hair -- He meant business and she needed to hang on for dear life.  Soon he had her pulse racing and breath panting. With a free hand, he drew lazy circles down her smooth belly to her silky hair, sending off tingles she felt to her toes.  Slipping in an adventurous finger, then two, Scott angled his lips across hers for a heart-melting kiss and she rose like the tide for him.  She floated in all her lovely splendor… When she moved like a graceful dancer performing an erotic dance, he was entranced… She was just so damn beautiful, irresistible and all his again… Thank the stars…
They made love, slept a few hours, woke up and moved automatically toward one another.  Taking it slow at first, movement was inch by thrilling inch… Then they ravaged like animals – nipping, kissing… sucking…  She wanted him as much as he wanted her, so they tested the limits of how much they could take.  It was considerable… Much later and after a quick breakfast, Scott pulled her down on the couch with him and let her talented tongue get them into more trouble.
The phone woke her up and she glanced at the clock.  Melissa was surprised to see it was past noon.  Her phone read that Maria was calling, but she didn’t want to answer.  She glanced at the naked body flopped across the bed asleep… Hmmm… Reaching out, she smoothed his sexy, tousled hair and ran a finger down his peaceful face.  He stirred when she outlined his lips with a wet finger and slipped it in his mouth.  Sucking noisily on her delicious finger, Scott opened his eyes.
“Good morning…”
“Oh, we missed the morning… It’s afternoon.”
He blinked wider. “Huh… Really?” Then he pulled her down next to him and began kissing her beautiful, naked body.
“Maybe we should get up… Oo, that tickles,” she laughed.
“… Maybe we should.”
Instead he continued to brush his lips over her soft lines and heavenly contours, down her body and the soft underside of her gorgeous legs.  When she began to rise again, he smiled and continued his exploration.
“… I love you, Melissa.”
She started to say, ‘I love you too,’ but moaned instead, as he found the sweet, sexy spot between her legs that needed his full attention.  And so they continued…

Later that evening, Melissa finally got around to returning Maria’s call.
“I just wanted to hire you as my wedding planner.  Can you manage that or haven’t you and Scott gotten out of bed yet?”
She laughed. “… We’ve been up a few minutes, Miss Nosy, and I would be thrilled to be your wedding planner.  You’ll have to help with mine too…”
“Did he ask you finally?”
“Yes… He asked me in the smoking vineyard yesterday.  How could I say no?”
“That makes three weddings then, right?”
“Yep… Mark and Deb can reset the date for a month from now, yours and Tyler’s could be two months after that…”
“And you and Scott?”
“We may just elope,” she laughed.
“… A strange wedding for a professional events planner…”

* * *

One month later, the wedding of Debra Granger and Mark Breen went off without the proverbial hitch.  Melissa stood up as her Maid of Honor, while Scott filled the role of Best Man.  It was all smiles during the sweet service and at the lovely reception – As usual, Melissa had pulled off yet another fabulous event…
Looking very handsome in a suit for a change, Scott enticed her for a dance, insisting she take off the events planner hat and enjoy herself.  He pulled her into his arms and twirled her around the crowded dance floor. Her pretty dress twirled around her…
“Aren’t you a tiny bit envious of their wedding? You know, all the fluff and fanfare?”
She shook her head.  “Not even a microscopic bit.”
“…Why not? I would have thought you’d want a huge wedding, since that’s what you do…”
“Nope. I think the way we did it was perfect for us… And, as I recall, we were in a hurry.” She looked up and kissed his cheek.
Scott laughed.  “…Yeah, I guess we were.  That fire spurred us on to get it done.” He kissed her lips.  “… And Vegas was tons of fun – We should do it again sometime…  It was nice to get out of here for a few days and just be alone.”
She nuzzled his neck. “I’m so happy, Scott…”
“Me too, sweetie,” he said into her sweet-smelling hair.
Maria and Tyler danced by them.
“Melissa…” said Maria.
“Hi… Having fun?”
“The wedding’s beautiful…Good job.”
“Yeah,” added Tyler. “Nice work.  Really to tackle another one in two months?”
She laughed at them both. “Don’t worry.  Your wedding will be pretty as a picture and exactly how Maria wants it…”
She and Maria exchanged warm looks. “Thanks… I’m happy you and Scott didn’t wait for us.”
“…Me too,” added Scott. “It was three months too long to wait.”
Tyler laughed. “See you at the table. I’ll get some champagne for a toast.”
The music stopped and Scott took Melissa’s hand to walk over to join Tyler and Maria.  He brought her hand up to his lips for a sweet kiss.
“Having fun, Mrs. Granger?”
“I love you, Mr. Granger…”
“I love you too… And you’re prettier than a grape…”
“Just one?”
“Nope, a whole vineyard…”


* * *



EPILOGUE
TWO YEARS LATER


The launch parties were huge successes introducing Scott’s new wine, Melissa, into the world of established wines from California.  Walt was amazed that he had done it—Scott had really accomplished his dream of growing his own vineyard and producing an award-winning red wine.  The Granger name became even more distinguished than it had previously been.  Another fabulous varietal was added to their list of signature wines.
Scott was heading out to the vineyard to check on a few things.  After marrying, he and Melissa had moved into the big house on the winery property to help take care of Walt.
“Are you coming out later, honey?” Scott came into the kitchen where he found her making soup.
“No…”
“Why not?” He walked over and put his arms around her waist.  “Are you feeling all right?”
“Sure… I just need to take Benny to the doctor for his check-up today and pick up a few things in town for his birthday party on Saturday.”
“… It’s his big day…”
“Yup… The first is always the biggest.”
“Where is he?”
“Your sweet little boy is entertaining his grandfather in the living room.  They’re building something with Legos.”
She twisted around in his arms to look into his smiling face.  “And I’m feeling fine, thank you.”
“No more morning sickness?  This pregnancy might be harder than with Benny…”
She shrugged. “Twins might be a little more difficult, that’s true.” She reached up to kiss his lips.  “Excited?”
“Very…but honey… Did it have to be twin girls?  They’ll drive us nuts, you know.”
She laughed. “They’ll be Daddy’s girls and have you eating out of their collective hands…” He sighed.
“I guess you’re right – You usually are.”
He pulled her closer for a long, sweet kiss.
“See you later, sweetie…”
“You will…. Love you….” She reached up to kiss him again.
And so another pleasant day began in the Granger home in Cay Canyon, located in beautiful Avila Beach… in sunny California.  And all was right with the world…


The End


* * *



ABOUT THE AUTHOR


Jeanne Harrell has been a writer and educator all of her life.  Her critically acclaimed Rancher Series has had a million downloads and excellent reviews from readers all over the world.  She continues to find story ideas everywhere she goes… Married with two children, Jeanne lives in Reno, Nevada with her husband, but continues to travel anywhere their fancy strikes.  Her books’ settings are in the great Western states of the United States, but her characters occasionally find themselves in Paris, London or some other wonderful location.
For a complete list of books, visit Jeanne’s website at:
www.jeanneharrell.com


* * *



PERSUADED by Jeanne Harrell, 2014


Anne Barrett and Mike Lawrence fell deeply in love when they were still in college and had wanted to marry.  After graduation, he joined the Navy and had orders to go back East for medical school.  She couldn’t leave due to serious family obligations.  They broke up bitterly.  Four years have gone by and he returns to visit his sister while on leave.  Now he’s a medical doctor and seemingly not the man she knew.  Anne watches from afar as Mike dates a friend of hers.  Does he remember her?  Because she’s never forgotten him…

Please enjoy the following excerpt from PERSUADED


She woke up startled to a wind blowing hard against the window.  Maybe it’s going to rain.  Had she remembered to roll up her car windows?  Water, where’s some water… Why was she so thirsty?  She headed downstairs quietly so she wouldn’t wake up Mark.  She needed the quiet… It had been such a bad day…
Getting a glass of water, she sat down at the kitchen table to read the newspaper she hadn’t had time to read this morning.  It was hard not to get a good night’s sleep, but it was very nice to just sit still… She turned to the Life section of the paper that listed happenings of local folks and started reading about a friend’s nephew who’d just enlisted in the Navy.  It made her shiver like a cold breeze had just gone through the kitchen.   But glancing down to read the article below it, the sudden chill turned to goosebumps and she began to shake.
There was his picture – he’d finished medical school at Johns Hopkins and was on leave from the Navy before he began his residency.  He’d be visiting his younger sister for a while.
Tears started flowing and just wouldn’t stop.  She thought she’d gotten past this, but apparently the pain could just be tapped into whenever.  She put down the newspaper, slightly wet now and looked out the window remembering.  The wind was still blowing and a few drops of rain appeared on the glass, followed quickly by a fast, driving rain.  She could smell the damp air as it blew in through the partially open window. It had been four years… four long years.  Obviously, it wasn’t enough time to repair the damage, if just seeing his picture was sufficient to bring it all back.  All those memories pushed way, way back now screamed at her… Remember me!  How could she ever forget … He was unforgettable…

They’d met at the student union at the university one day during lunch.  She’d come in to meet her friend, Beth, and was trying to get a sandwich out of her backpack.  Apparently, she couldn’t walk and pull it out at the same time – The sandwich fell on the floor and she immediately stepped on it.  The aroma of tuna salad filled the air as it squished out of the sandwich bag and was now all over the bottom and sides of her shoe.  She grabbed a napkin off a nearby table and bent down to clean it up.  Laughing at how funny it probably appeared, she glanced up to see a guy standing in front of her.  His gaze went right through her… He grabbed more napkins, helped her up and cleaned the mess for her. Then he just smiled and started for the exit.  She couldn’t drag her eyes away as he walked up to a waste container by the door, threw away the soiled napkins, and glanced back before leaving.  They’d never even spoken.
About a week later, she saw him again – this time in the library.  She’d gone into the deep part of the reference section to look for a book she needed.  The lighting wasn’t great back there and she accidentally bumped her head on a low-hanging light.  Looking through the stacks, she saw him alone in the semi-private study area.  He was surrounded by books and papers, and was very engrossed in whatever he was studying. Unruly, dark blonde hair fell in his eyes… Rubbing her head, she backed out quietly so she wouldn’t disturb him, and tried to find the most secluded study area in the library to hide.  She found it on the side of the building where there was a back exit that no one ever used.
She scrunched up on a couch with her feet tucked under and her nose buried in a book.  Only the top part of her head with her dark brown ponytail showed.  One of her contacts started to bother her and an eye began to tear up. Searching through her pockets, she couldn’t find a tissue, so she used the bottom of her blouse to blot the tears.  Doing that, she bumped one of her books and it fell loudly on the library floor.  When she bent over to retrieve it, she looked up to see him standing in front of her.  He picked up the book, handed it to her, but they still didn’t speak – They just looked at each other a little longer than was necessary and then he pushed that messy hair out of his eyes…Serious, blue eyes… She swallowed hard and tried to think of something to say. Apparently, he couldn’t think of anything either because he left again without speaking. This time he didn’t look back…
Two meetings in a week and no conversation – She was spooked now and decided to hide out in her apartment.  One night a few weeks later, her roommate begged, pleaded, cajoled and insisted that she do something besides study, and dragged her off to a fraternity party.  It wasn’t someplace that she wanted to go because this fraternity was known for their wild and crazy parties.  But Beth wanted to meet some guy there, so she was persuaded to go.  She doubted the wisdom of her going almost as soon as they arrived.
Loud music, yelling and other wild noises emanated from all the corners of the house and the liquor was flowing. They’d only been there about fifteen minutes when some frat guy came over and draped himself all over her – She couldn’t push him away, and he clung to her like a wet towel.  He was drunk and pretty insistent that she go to bed with him.  She got angry at him, angry at Beth who’d insisted she come, and angry with herself for being so stupid… Just when she thought she might be stuck with this creep, an arm came around her and lifted the guy’s hands off.  The drunk fell on the floor and passed out.  She turned to see who’d helped her and he stood there looking at her.  His gaze lingered… This time he didn’t walk away.
“This isn’t your kind of place, is it?” he’d asked.
“No…”
“May I drive you home?”
“Yes, please.”
He drove her home and it felt natural to be with him…. calming.  That was puzzling – He still didn’t talk much, but stole a few furtive glances at her.
“I want to thank you for coming to my rescue – again.  You aren’t a knight or anything, are you?” She smiled at him.
“No, but I seem to be around you.”
They didn’t speak again until they arrived at her apartment.
“Wait,” he said and got out of the car, walked around to open her door.  She was amazed… Guys she knew didn’t do this, in her experience.
He helped her out of the car and then walked her to the door.  She still couldn’t find her voice to speak up because she was monumentally shy all of a sudden … Who are you? She was dying to ask.  Reaching the door, he finally turned to her.
“Will you be all right?”
Pause…
“… No…”
He’d tilted his head to get a better look at her face, since she’d lowered it in embarrassment.
“Why not?”
It took a few minutes to find her voice.  When she did, it was more of a whisper.
“… I’m not all right unless you’re there with me…” She peeked up at him.
His eyes widened and blinked, so she hurriedly put her key in the lock, opened the door and rushed in.  Once inside, she leaned back against the door trying to slow her rapidly beating pulse.  He just took her breath away… She heard a soft knock and felt its vibration in her back.  She slowly opened the door knowing full well that deep down she was opening up to him.  Several tears glistened on her cheeks…
“Come here,” he’d said while reaching out to brush away a few of her tears.  He took her hand and they stood on the front step gazing at one another.  Pretty girl…She pulled him toward her somehow… He couldn’t seem to stay away from her and he really didn’t want to… She shyly looked through her lashes at him and wondered what he’d say.  Finally, he smiled…
“Well, okay… If that’s the way it’s supposed to be…”
He’d brought her hand to his lips and kissed it.  It was her turn to be surprised.
“My name’s Mike Lawrence. What’s yours?”
“Anne Barrett…”
“All right, Annie.  Could I pick you up tomorrow and escort you to class?  It’ll save me time trying to find you to rescue you again.”
They’d laughed at that, Anne nodded and Mike watched her go back to the door.  She just stood in the doorway…
“Go in,” he’d said.  She lowered her eyes, but didn’t move.  This time she was afraid she’d never see him again and he knew it.  “It’s okay.  I’ll see you tomorrow.”

Anne took a ragged breath still looking out into that rainy night.  That was years ago now, but she could still hear him uttering those life-changing words.  She remained seated on the kitchen chair holding onto her glass of water like it was a lifeline.  Memories continued to overwhelm her as they cascaded, one after another.


Excerpt from PERSUADED by Jeanne Harrell, copyright 2014

Buy PERSUADED

www.smashwords.com/books/view/439925

Check out Jeanne’s website for news of future releases
www.jeanneharrell.com


# # #
