BREEZES IN APRIL
Book Two
A NOVEL BY KATIE GEORGE

Breezes in April
  Katie George
Published by Katie George at Smashwords
Copyright 2014 Katie George 

The Portrait of Friendship Series
Book One: Roses in December
Book Two: Breezes in April
Book Three comes out soon!

To HS, for being my ’80s friend 24/7. Two Yankees forever.


Chapter One


HAVE YOU EVER wondered how your wedding would come to be? Would there be rose petals scattered across the entryway of the chapel? What dress would you wear? Who would be your maid-of-honor? Most importantly, who would be the groom?
When I discovered that my best pal Candice had a Vegas wedding less than a month after meeting her one true love, many emotions flared through my veins. Happiness, jealousy, joy, pain…How was it fair that she met her husband after breaking it off with a long-time boyfriend, while a guy had never promised me love? Before I try to explain that I’m not a jealous hog, I will say that I have a very fortunate life. 
But I will also say that a wedding was never important to me. My Georgia-born Momma Gloria would, no doubt, plan the entire day with lots and lots of gorgeous flowers and wines. Every cousin and/or distant relative would show up looking for fried chicken, but my mother would make sure not a beetle was out of place. However, I really didn’t care. I’m almost certain I would when I found my perfect man, but there was an ache in my heart for something else.
So, before I tell you the journey of my summer at thirty-years-old, I will tell you that I never dreamt of a wedding as I grew up. I dreamt of a child. A little boy, perhaps, with big, brown eyes and dimples, or a girl with curly hair and rosy cheeks. I wanted to be a mother, and if I could not be one physically anymore, I would adopt. And so my story begins.

“LOLA, CAN YOU check the Dawson report?” I asked as my fresh-out-of-college assistant bustled into my cramped office. “And can I have some coffee, black?”
“Of course,” Lola diligently chirped. It was not the girl’s fault that I was high-maintenance. She gulped and nodded. “Anything else, Ms. Monroe?”
“Lola,” I said, my nerves shot, “I keep telling you to cut the Ms. Monroe. I’m Stacey, all right?”
“Of…of course. I’ll be right back with that coffee, ASAP.”
I rubbed my temples and shifted to the pile of manuscripts on my desk. I sighed and tried to forget the aching headache pounding my brain, but I knew it would not go away unless I popped another aspirin. For all the aspirin I took to make it through a day of editing, my stomach was probably a bleeding pit of sores. I should have been excited about many things, but instead, I was pouting in my office, taking it out on a 23-year-old college grad. I touched my newly dyed golden hair. It was cropped short like it had always been. My ebony skin was complimented by the amber-hued color that my stylist had created with ease. 
After Lola came back with coffee, I gulped and prayed my teeth wouldn’t turn yellow, because I had an after-work party that night at the nice hotel downtown. If I were a positive thinker, I would think that I could meet a handsome guy there, but the pessimistic side (which rules, by the way) dominated, saying instead, “Forget them, get home to watch the soaps.” I hated soap operas, but it was a thing I did with my best friends, Candice and Reesey, although I hadn’t seen much of them lately. Candice was married, and Reesey was off doing whatever Reesey did because she was a free spirit. I was the only one of our trio who had managed to stay grounded since graduating from college eight years prior.
Fresh out of those hell-gates, I was hired by Steinbeck Publishing House as an assistant editor and managed to climb the ladder of my job fairly easily. I was one of the most sought after editors in the state of Arizona. I was a well-to-do woman, with a BMW and a newly purchased condo in the Tucson suburb of Sahuarita, but as you know by now, loneliness can take away from the taste of happiness. That is why happiness will never be joy, and joy can never be happiness. Joy takes the place of pain; happiness numbs the notion of pain.
The day was only half-through by the time I finished my second coffee. I had gone through a manuscript and placed it in the rejection pile. I was a tough editor, but I didn’t want to waste my boss’s time, either. We all had better things to do, and I was not going to play games. Harsh, yeah, but it happens. Candice tried to hand in manuscript after manuscript, and unbeknownst to her, those manuscripts landed me in hot water. My boss was tougher than me, and he only published the top-notch stories–ones that could sell.  
The worst part of my job was telling prospective writers that their novels weren’t good enough. I had to hand many tissues and page the security guard a few times, but even a hardened heart can be deterred at times. That’s how I felt about my job. The more unemotional I am, the more and better of a job I get done. And that’s how I kept my entire life for a long time.

AFTER WORK, I locked and sashayed out of my office. I was wearing four-inch heels, though I didn’t need them. I was a tall woman, about 5’10”, and I definitely did not need to add another inch to my height. It was hard enough finding a decent man–white, black, Mexican, Asian, Russian, Plutonian–and taller than me? No. About half of the men I had dated were shorter, and, man, did they have Napoleon complexes.
I dug in my Vuitton purse to pull out my car keys when my boss, Murphy, ran into me in the hallway. A burly man of about thirty-five with hairy nostrils, Murphy opened his mouth and rumbled, “Stacey Monroe! Just the lady I’d like to see.”
“I’m coming tonight, don’t worry,” I said, hoping for the slightest sliver of a chance that the party would be cancelled. I preferred to head home and stay there, but now I didn’t have time to go home before the party, and so I’d have to change at Reesey’s new downtown apartment. “I actually have to primp, you know.” I pouted my lips. Murphy wasn’t married. Power of persuasion?
Murphy motioned to his office. “Okay, Stacey, I guess I’ll have to be a little more dominative. In my office, now.”
I followed him into his slightly-bigger office. He closed the door behind him and pulled on his belt as his belly sagged over his khakis. “It’s come to my attention that you are my best editor, Stacey.”
“Mmm.”
“And I know you edit the hardest. The toughest, I might add. Your acceptance of manuscripts is lower than anyone else, but your novels are also the best we have here.”
“Okay.”
“And I’d like to congratulate you on that,” he said, perspiration running down his chubby cheeks. He rubbed his nose awkwardly. “However, we have a problem.”
“What?” I asked, stomping my heels underneath his desk. I checked my Kate Spade watch. It was 4:30. I was hungry.
“You rejected Mr. Steinbeck’s niece’s book.”
I raised my left eyebrow half-way. “Your point?”
“Mr. Steinbeck, as in my boss, and your boss. You rejected his flesh-and-blood niece?”
“I don’t remember half the books I read, Murphy. It must have been awful if I didn’t accept it, and…”
“You’re not understanding, Stacey. It’s Mr. Steinbeck’s niece. So, you better darn publish it, understand? If not, we’re both in Sodom.”
“Fine. What was it about?”
“The lady-in-waiting…”
I closed my eyes and shuddered. “Oh, I remember that one. It was the worst story I’ve read in forever, Murphy. Horrible plotlines, no fully developed characters, corny pick-up lines…”
“Stacey, edit it, and get it into me by Friday.”
“I…”
“Stacey, this is not about you, okay? It’s about Mr. Steinbeck. I’d like to have another Christmas, okay? Preferably one with a roasted chicken, and maybe a turkey or two. And, also, my pet ferret.”
I ignored the comment about his ferret. “I don’t want to put my name on that book. It could ruin my career later on, Murphy. I do not want to edit her book. Give it to Paul or someone else, anyone else.”
“Mr. Steinbeck requested that you edit it. He knows you’re the best. His niece’s name is Cassidy Harris. He loves his niece, Stacey.”
“This means that you owe me, Murphy.”
“Whatever, as long as you get it into me by Friday. And, well,” he said, tugging on his glasses, “do you have a date tonight?”
I sneezed at that moment, and I eagerly took the opportunity to pull out my tissue packet. “I hope I’m not getting a cold, Murphy.”
Murphy stepped back. He was a germophobe. “Oh, please, take the night off, Stacey. Don’t get sick, get that manuscript to me. I’ll make an excuse for you.”
“Thanks, Murph,” I added, blowing him a kiss. I turned and pranced out. I was not happy that I would be editing Cassidy Harris’s novel, but I had gotten out of the party, out of a date with my boss, and into the loving arms of a warm bath in my Sahuarita condo.

I ARRIVED HOME to find a package on my doorstep from the agency. I ripped it open, my heart beating extremely fast–almost too fast. I unlocked the door to my house and fell onto the second-story steps in a nervous heap. My hands shook like crazy, revealing the true reason why I wanted to skip the party tonight. I had to open the package.
At this time, we regret to inform you…
My heart was ripped to shreds. 

I WAS LYING in my four-poster bed when I heard a Latina voice call out from the darkness, “Stacey, where in Zeus’s name are you? Esa chica.”
I didn’t call out to her. I had no words to possibly say. When she came into my room with Chinese food and a copy of Clueless, I began to cry again. She hurried to me, enveloping me in a giant hug. “Oh, Stacey!” she cried, her long hair caught in my mouth. “What happened? Did someone do this to you? Please tell me it wasn’t the boy who can’t drive an automobile.” Her thick accent comforted me. Teresa Sanchez. It was a surprise that Reesey and I were friends–we were from different ends of the spectrum.
She was beautiful, curvy, popular; I was the uncomfortable brown noser who worked without breaks. She had a new man every day, and they all sang her praises; for me, no man had ever said those deal breaking three words, the words people drawled in Texan or Brooklyn accents in the movies. At this point, I imagined Santa’s personal elf visiting my house to tell me that I just hadn’t been good enough to receive the ultimate package: a man who didn’t have lusty side women, a meth lab in his backyard, or a compulsion for “partnership.” God knows I only wanted an able-bodied man who had a job and wanted marriage. That was, now, the only requirement. There used to be a list of things that really mattered. Not now. 
“No, no,” I said, wiping a tear from my eyes. I hadn’t told Reese about my dealings with the adoption agency. “I just had a bad day at work, that’s all. And I have killer cramps now.”
“Stacey, oh, you poor honey, look at you! Always so strong and stubborn, and now you’re crying in bed. Come on honey, scoot over, and let your Latina mama hold you. We’ll watch this movie and eat. That’s what two single ladies will do on a Tuesday night.”
I laid my head on her shoulder. “Thanks, Reese.”
“Ah, shut up, Stacey. Don’t cry anymore, let’s watch the movie now.” 
After finishing the classic ’90s movie, Reesey fell asleep and snored on my bed. As I watched her breathe in and out, I couldn’t help but feel that I had been blessed with the loud, rambunctious woman as my friend and confidante, and I was glad I still had her as my go-to person. I couldn’t sleep, though, and gently, I pushed her long curls from my shoulder and stood up to brush my teeth and recollect my thoughts.
I needed a vacation. I wanted to go somewhere exotic and pretend I hadn’t received the package in the mail. There was South America, Asia, Europe, and other places I could travel to. I could stay in the United States even, but I wanted to leave Tucson for a while. Candice’s life had changed after travelling to North Carolina, so what if mine changed if I went somewhere extravagant? I didn’t need Fabio, just a good martini.
The next morning I took a shower and cooked cheesy omelets for Reesey, who was fast asleep. She was still conked out as I left for work. Before I departed, I looked into the full-view mirror in my ginormous closet. The woman who looked back at me was confident, diligent, and decent. She wore a pencil skirt and a light-blue blouse that complimented her dark skin. I just wished my inner mind matched the tough skin on the outside. But shells only stay intact for so long.
I hopped in my car, intent on stopping by the local Starbucks to buy caramel macchiatos for my assistant and myself. However, my plans were delayed when my phone rang. I quickly steered to the right on the main road, almost hitting the teenaged neighbor (it probably would have done her ego well, hehe). After thoughts of avoiding the call filled my mind, I coughed when I saw that it was my mother, Momma Gloria, who was calling. I had to answer. If you personally do not have a Southern relative, then understand this: I had to answer, or there would probably be a future assault when I saw her in the future.
“Momma?” I chirped. It was refreshing to hear her drawl. I was definitely a momma’s girl. I always adored Gloria, because she was refreshing by being nobody other than herself. And when skies darkened, she always provided rays of light.
“Honey, darling, it’s your momma all the way in southern-Georgia,” rumbled her deep-South accent. “How’s my baby doing? Any handsome, fine-spankin’ men down in Satan’s desert?”
“Hi, Momma. I’m well, and I’m actually heading to work right now, but I know I can’t resist hearing my wise, old sage mother give me advice. I need a vacation…a real, happy vacation where I can dig my toes in the sand…” Thoughts of dancing palm trees filled my brain.
Momma coughed into the phone. “Baby, that’s actually why I called.”
“You okay? You sound a bit ill, if you don’t mind me saying.” 
“I barely recognize your voice, Stacey Ann Monroe. When you were a young girl, you were just as Southern as your brothers and sister. Now look at my West Coast girl. The Word of God isn’t out there, is it, honey? Before I go off on my tangents as you know I will, I need to tell you that we need you out here.”
“In Breezewater, you mean? Momma, you know I wanted a vacation, but…”
“Don’t you ‘Momma’ me, Stacey,” she said, though I could hear the hint of laughter in her vocals. I envisioned my beautiful mother, donned in pearls and a flowery sundress, sitting out on the porch overlooking the garden at her rickety old house. The same house where she had brought four little babies in swaddling cloth, the same house where she’d taught and corrected with wisdom and punishment. “You haven’t been home since your college days. Things have changed around here, honey. There are many changes, baby girl, and I think it’s time you came back. You know how I hate having all my babies around the country.”
It was true. While I lived in Arizona, my older sister, Alison, lived in LA to pursue a career in acting, though she was always a little insane. Ali is in great health, but we always knew she was a bit immature and forceful. She started out in modeling, because, well, she was tall and hot. Then her late-twenties hit like a rumbling storm, and she was forced to reconsider everything California. Like me, she hadn’t found her perfect man. 
My younger brothers, Michael and Tristan, lived in New York and Virginia, respectively. Michael was a pharmaceutical rep for a big company in the Big Apple, making lots of cash and having a happy marriage to his new wife, Lily, while Tristan was fresh out of William & Mary. We had all left our proud Momma and our mild-mannered pastor father in search of big city living. 
“Momma, you know that Breezewater is a small town, and we didn’t like having everyone in our business.” It was very true. Small town = everyone knows absolutely everything. 
“I know, I know,” Momma sighed, “but I miss my little kiddos. Not hearing y’all run up the stairs and beatin’ each other up all the time is so, well, it’s just sad. I know it hasn’t been like that in years, so that’s why I want to have a little get-together here. A reunion of sorts.”
“Are Michael and Tristan and Ali coming home?”
Momma breathed into the phone. I could almost smell her lemony breath over the receiver. “Tristan said he’d come if you, as his favorite older sis, did. Ali said she had some kind of acting gig, but after it’s over, she definitely wants to come home. But Michael said he’s so busy, and I don’t think Lily ever wanted to marry into this family…”
“Ah, Momma, I told you what a blunt New Yorker that Lily Anderson is. She only sees dollar signs in Michael’s eyes.”
“Girls can be dimwits, I know, because I am one. But Michael is a big boy and he’ll have to figure it out himself. Anyway, sweetie, I want you to come down just for a week or two. It’ll be nice to have everyone back at it again, okay? Please think about it at least.”
“Let me talk to my boss, okay? You know I’m not a big fan of that town after…”
“Honey, everyone has forgotten about your high school antics.” She avoided the real truth like it didn’t exist, a ghost. “Just do it for your momma.”
“‘Do it for my momma.’ I’ll try my best. I love you, but I’m going through the Starbucks line now. I need some caffeine.”  What I really needed was an aspirin and a plane ticket to Tokyo. Now it looked like my body was set to fly to the East Coast; it didn’t necessarily mean my heart wanted to.

I ARRIVED AT work with two caramel macchiatos. Well, mine was almost half-gone, but Lola’s was still brimming with yummy delightfulness. “You didn’t have to do this,” she frightfully said, cowering behind a stack of thick printer paper. 
“Take it, Lola. Listen to me, I have to talk with Murphy about something, but I’d like you to start working on the list on my desk. I need you to attend that meeting with me at eleven, and then we can go for lunch, okay?”
She nodded and scurried to my office before I moved an inch. My attempt at being a kinder lady–a woman only seven years older than Lola–was giving my assistant a heart attack. I turned to seek Murphy in his spacious office that overlooked a dumpster, a beautiful sight. He was typing away at his computer, pecking on each key like a bird pecks at a half-grinded worm. “Hello, Stacey, you look lovely today.” He didn’t even have to look up to know I was there. 
“Thanks. How was the party last night?”
“It was good. A little boring, I’ll give it that, but everyone agreed that it is indeed allergy season, but they missed you.” Allergy season? Maybe in Alabama or Arkansas. I smiled at Murphy’s politeness, though. “How’s my favorite editor feeling?”
“Good, actually, but I need to ask you something.”
“Yeah?”
“Remember how I scheduled my vacation for May?”
“Yes, I do, and you know that’s going to be an extremely busy month for us. I was actually going to bring this up to you over a coffee date” (at this he munched on his lips) “or something, but I think we’re going to need to reschedule. Steinbeck’s already planning a bunch of open houses for prospective writers, and a few conferences around the country, and he’s invited us.”
“Really? That’s great,” I smiled, truly happy. I had never been invited to go on a personal conference with Mr. Steinbeck before. “I’m thrilled. We’ll have a great time, but actually, I do want to reschedule my vacation.”
“Great. What time were you thinking, Stacey?”
I bit my lip in anticipation. “I know this will seem short-notice, and I can promise to get that manuscript in for Cassidy Harris, but I was thinking next week?” My right eye closed halfway like it does when I’m asking an important question.
“Next week?” Murphy’s face flushed. “That is way, way, way too short notice. What’s up, Stacey? You’re not a short-notice kind of girl, and I would totally kick you out of my office at the proposition, but you’re Stacey Monroe. Next week? Man, you know things are about to heat up, and Cassidy will want to meet with you over the next few weeks, and…”
“I need a break, Murphy. I’ve been a diligent worker for eight years now, and you know me. I’ll get more work done away from the office than here. My mother wants me in Georgia next week, and if you know anything about Southern women, it’s that you don’t ignore their requests. I’ll do anything. You know what, if I bring Lola with me, that’ll get even more work done.”
“Lola, too? But she always brings me a bagel in the morning!”
I grinned at Murphy’s sweet tooth. “I’ll send you a bagel if I have to, Murphy. Please, pretty please! I’ll make it up to you. And I can conference-call Cassidy Harris and Steinbeck and all the meetings…”
“You know what,” Murphy stated with a direct sense of certainty, “I’ll let you go, but you cannot flake out on me. You have to work even harder, and you owe me coffee” (he didn’t mention the word date) “when you get back. Do you understand? Oh, and I want those bagels, too.”
I couldn’t resist giving him the biggest hug ever. Now I had to convince Lola to come with me. I did need her, maybe because I planned on spending more time in the hot tub on the deck than with my actual family, but I knew I couldn’t get half of my workload done without her support. I didn’t know how to convince her to go to Old South, Georgia, where some people still rode horses to work, and sweet tea was water, and bugs were cool.
I hunted her down before the eleven o’clock meeting. She was chewing on a pencil eraser and typing up a rejection letter. “Lola.”
She shuddered and dropped the pencil. “Oh, you scared me!” Her big eyes widened. “I’m typing up that report on your list. Is everything okay?”
“Swell.” I grabbed a swivel chair from a nearby desk. “I need you to listen to me without judgment.”
“Okay,” she nodded enthusiastically. I could see each individual freckle on her nose in the sunlight. “Anything, Miss…uh, Stacey.”
“I need you to come with me to Georgia.”
“Georgia? As in state? Or the country? Please tell me not the country, or that weirdo insane writer who sent us like, I don’t know, three hundred novels? Not that Georgia, right?”
I smiled. “No, not that Georgia, luckily. And no, not the country, either. I mean the state. Georgia in the Deep South.”
“I’ve never been down there. My college friends went to Savannah a few times, and actually one stayed. Never came back home.”
“Insightful,” I nodded. “Anyway, I need you to come with me to my hometown next week.”
“Next week? Uh, I have to babysit my neighbor’s pet pig, and I don’t know if I can take off from work. Wait, you are my boss. And you need me to come? You know what, forget the pig. I’m not fired, am I?”
“No, you’re not fired, Lola. Will you do it? Will you come with me? It’s already cleared with Murphy, but he was upset that he wouldn’t be getting that morning bagel.”
Lola bit her lip gently. “You know, I’d love to come. It’s not too humid, right? I heard the South is famous for its humidity.”
I rubbed my forehead. “It’s not funny how humid it can get. I really don’t know how they lived back in olden times. We leave next week, so let’s hurry and get our work done soon, all right? We’ll still take a few manuscripts.”
“Scout’s honor.”
“Thanks, Lola.”
I walked to my office, opened the door, and was greeted by a blonde bombshell. My eyes widened as she bubbly shouted, “Stacey Mun-roe!” I almost fell against my door, but her weird giggle kept me vertical. I examined her mixture-of-colors makeup decision and couldn’t help but slump my shoulders. “I’m Cassidy Harris!”
“Cassidy Ferret?”
She tilted her head, and then surprise flashed through her eyes. “Oh, Stacey Mun-roe, you look like you’re going to faint!” She rushed to my aid, and in turn, screamed across the hall, “Man down! You, you look like you know how to save a lady in need!”
One of the editors, a snarly guy named Richard, hurried to me. “You okay, Stace? You  have the look of a demented, pot-smoking coon.”
“A coon?” I grabbed my heart in shock. Was I already in Georgia? Coon?!?!
“She needs water! Fetch some, sweet man!”
Cassidy helped me to the chair by my desk. “I’ve seen this kind of shock before. Are you on drugs? Golly, what kind, honey? I can help. Also, if you’re looking for a better hair stylist, hit me up.”
“Uh…”
Richard returned with a water bottle and quickly exited. I would slap him later for leaving me. Cassidy continued chirping like a gossipy church lady, but I was ignoring her words. Her huge (I mean size of Alaska) blonde hair was perfectly curled; her dress was skimpy, cut in all the wrong places; her face was fifty shades of rainbow, but she still had pretty blue-green eyes.
This was Mr. Steinbeck’s niece?  I really couldn’t believe it. Mr. Steinbeck was the picture of sophistication, Cassidy was….well, the centerfold of a gross magazine. And plus, Mr. Steinbeck was Jewish, devout; Cassidy, with her boobage (a word borrowed from my friends) popping out, couldn’t be a Jew, right? 
“You know, what helps stress is a manicure. Honey, I know the right Vietnamian people to visit. In fact, I’ve got a coupon card in my purse…”
“Vietnamese?”
“Honey, you must be sick if you’re using incorrect grammar. Come on, now.” She shook her curls.
I couldn’t imagine the look of disbelief on my face, but when Lola appeared, she gasped. “Uh, is this lady harassing you, Miss, uh, Stacey?” As soon as Cassidy looked down at her fingernails, Lola mouthed, Do I need to call security?
“I’m Cassidy Harris,” the girl clapped. I say girl because she couldn’t have been older than nineteen. Maybe it was the makeup that made her look so young; possibly, she was barely older than legal. However old she was, she was smacking gum, and offered Lola a hearty hug. Little Lola was smothered, by breasteses (lended word from my brother Tristan) and hair and orange concealer. 
“What brings you here, Miss Harris?” I said, gulping water as my bladder filled to capacity. I was a fish straight out of the Pacific or the scummy aquarium of a ten-year-old kid, who knows nothing about fish-raising responsibilities. (There you’re probably thinking, Stacey Monroe would be a leading proponent for PETA! Unfortunately, I’m afraid of dogs, all forms of dogs, cats, animals. Fact 1: I hate zoos and pets and furry, fluffy beings.)
Cassidy looked back to me. “Well, I just wanted to introduce myself, and I didn’t realize I would save a life tonight.” It wasn’t night, Cassie-hon, I wanted to shout. It’s barely even lunch hour. “Daddy will be so proud when he hears. He might even let me marry Bobbiano.”
“I hope that’s a man,” was all I could say. Bobbiano, seriously? A merge of Fabio and Bob? Then I folded out the crease in my skirt, reminding myself that I had a job and bills, and there was a pretty, new, really cute pair of Tory Burch sandals at the outdoor mall… “Well, Cassidy, I’m working on your manuscript. I’m going to edit it now, actually.”
“Great,” she said, throwing her hands over her knees as she glided into a chair. “Look at your cheekbones! So prominent, oh my! Are you half-Indian? Like, from India? Or Native Aboriginal?” 
“What?” I looked to Lola for help, but she choked on her own saliva. Native Aboriginal?! “I have distant Cherokee ancestors. My great-grandfather was white, too. Thanks for the compliment,” I said, ready for Cassidy to vaminos. 
“I think people from multiracial backgrounds are delicious,” Cassidy grinned.
“Uh, thanks?” I closed my eyes, wishing I were on the beach in Cabo.
Lola took her cue and asked, “Cassidy, Stacey has a meeting in a few minutes, and if…”
Cassidy didn’t take the bait. “I’ll come, I don’t mind.”
“What? I mean, no, no, what? Please, listen. We have a meeting.” Poor Lola.
“If it’s with my uncle, then I can come, right?”
Lola looked at me for support. I shrugged. Then Lola straightened, sticking her boobs out, and like a professional, smoothly dictated, “Actually, I’m not sure if you can, Cassidy. It isn’t with your uncle. It’s with a prospective commodity, a fine craftsman or craftswoman with delicate and unfluxommed ability to capture the true inertia of one’s inner soul without appearing too narcissistic or like a fried, grilled brisket. Simple, but so enlightening.”
Cassidy chewed on her gum, tugged on her purse, and stood up. “I’m taking that as my cue to run.” She laughed nasally, blew a kiss, and disappeared. 
“‘Unfluxommed?’”
“I was running out of adjectives, all right? What was that all about? Why did she show up in the middle of the day?” Lola fell into the nearby chair.
I wiped the sweat from my forehead. “I honestly have no idea.”

Chapter Two


THE WEEK WAS a flurry of anticipation and hard work. Lola’s hands were bolts of Zeus’s personal lightning as she typed hundreds of rejection (and only a handful of acceptance) letters. Meanwhile, I dealt with the personal meetings–various writers wailing that I had changed too much of their works, and that they’d find a new editor, and then, Oh, you’re actually pretty good, Stacey! I may actually sell some books this year! Lola and I drank coffee to the point of delirium. The coffee definitely did its job; I definitely forgot.
The night before our flight to Atlanta, Murphy walked into my office. It was past office hours, and only Lola and I were still at work. I vaguely saw Lola humming and sitting at her desk proofing. I shut my Mac when my boss walked in, resting his elbows on his belly. “Tomorrow’s the day.”
“Yes, it is,” I agreed, placing my chin against my hand. “Lola and I have been working nonstop.”
“I would agree. I came to tell you that Cassidy Harris’s manuscript was well-edited. You were thorough in your points, Stace, but Cassidy isn’t exactly thrilled with the changes. Do you understand?”
I bit my lip angrily. Luckily there was no blood. “You expect me to allow her to keep run-on sentences and undeveloped plotlines and characters named ‘Beau-legged?’ There was a fairytale wedding that was missing a groom. How is that a wedding when there isn’t a groom? Just a princess? The princess always freakin’ waits, but there’s never a lousy groom.”
“Stacey, this is not supposed to be questioned. Do as I say, okay? I handed Lola the manuscript. She listens more than you do.” Murphy, always keeping the friendly, How goes it, neighbor? voice, the one where he never gets mad because his life is just so perfect!
It was better to stay silent; but then again, truth stumps silence. “Cassidy Harris’s work isn’t what a publishing house should look for in a writer.”
“That’s enough, Stacey,” Murphy (still cheerfully) advised, though I didn’t think he meant (ouch) to offend me. “Have a nice trip. And make sure you bring back a whole plate of bagels.”

THE NEXT MORNING, all thoughts of Cassidy dissipated from my mind. I drove thirty minutes to Lola’s condo, eager to pick her up. This would mark a trip of friends, family, and maybe, just possibly, relief. I was thrilled to escape the normal, sweltering stress, and I was ready to see Momma Gloria, my sister, my brothers, my daddy, even if I would be going to the town I hated.
Hate is a strong word. Loathe is stronger. Would despise be even stronger? So yes, I despised my hometown. In fact, I had promised never to set foot in a thirty-mile radius of its perimeter, and since I had left, I kept that promise. Now I was breaking it. I knew that promises weren’t meant to be broken, but some, in fact, were. Fear grips us mortals to the core, but if Reesey taught me anything important, it would be how to overcome worry.
When I pulled up to Lola’s house, the buxom brunette appeared on her doorstep with a pink suitcase and a giant backpack. I opened the car door for her, and she fell into the passenger seat of the BMW. “Hi, Stace. How are you?”
“Great,” I said, taking notice of her beautiful sea eyes. Things you notice outside of a cramped office. I hadn’t noticed that her eyes corresponded perfectly with those freckles. Who knows the things one sees when they see. “I’m ready to get to Jaw-ja.”
“Quite the Southern belle,” she noted as she opened a yogurt. She handed me a raspberry flavor. “Thought you’d be hungry. You’re always ravenous.”
“This is why you’re my assistant. I forgot to eat breakfast.” I gulped it one bite.
When we made it to the airport, I dropped Lola at the entrance and parked the car in the long-term section. I walked back to the security gate for Delta Airlines, and I was supremely happy that I had traded my normal in-style dresses for casual jeans. It took thirty minutes to get through security, where I had been groped by a weird TSA worker wearing Pine-Sol smelling cologne. Afterwards, Lola and I dined at McDonald’s, hopped the flight to Atlanta, and watched as the sky soared underneath our wings.
Atlanta.

Chapter Three


THE FIRST THING I thought of was Cassidy Harris. The girl is human like the rest of us. And surprisingly, humans are neat people once you get around to talking to them. Speaking of people, my opinion of Lola changed immediately after watching her shuffle through her backpack, only to pull out a copy of The Phantom of the Opera. 
“No way! That is my favorite book,” I squealed. I was hushed by an obese soul-singing steward, but it resulted in my whispering again, “That is my favorite book!”
Lola looked up and smiled. “Mine too! I love it so much. Gaston LeRoux is perfect. I mean, most people adore English novels, or the great American novel, but I’m a sucker for French, though I never was a fan of Hugo. Too long for my taste.”
“I love the Russians,” I admitted. “I honestly don’t like English literature very much. The Russians have the greatest literature to me, second to the Torah or something.”
“The Torah? You’re Jewish? I didn’t expect that from my boss.”
I shook my head, offering a smile. I wished she would just say it: But you’re black! However, I am not a Jew. I’m not a practicing anything. “My dad is a Baptist preacher. Can’t get any more Southern than that.”
“And I’m taking it you’re not a Baptist.”
“I’m not anything anymore, Lola. I believe in the freedom of spirituality. Why should I believe in a God who loves me so much when…well, bad things happen. And I know I shouldn’t blame God, but I’d rather stay agnostic for now.”
“But you believe in God,” Lola whispered dutifully. 
“What do you mean?”
“Not to mean anything, but you know my honesty by now. You admitted that you blame Him. I’m Catholic, a lapsed Catholic, actually, but it looks like you’re further ahead than you’d like to admit.”
“Further ahead on what?”
“Even if no one believes in a greater power, there are two roads you can take: the road that leads to goodness and the one that leads to self-destruction. Now let’s face it–none of us are good. We’re all pretty screwed-up, indolent, lazy folks who had a chance to be a Good Samaritan. And if there are two roads, and all of us are on the one where we think we’re good, but we’re really not, who’s on that road that’s heading to the ultimate light? I’ve always wondered why people think they’re so up and mighty, when none of us are. We all make mistakes, we all sin, and I agree with that. None can deter that point. ”
“Wisdom from Lola.”
She nodded quiescently. “Do you believe in the roads?”
“I believe in one road. It’s called life. You’re born, you die, and that’s it.”
“Pretty sad to think about.”
“It’s life.”

WE HOPPED OFF the plane from Tucson to find the crowded, packed aisles of Hartsfield-Jackson. People bustled about–some running, others stationary–on phones, iPads, anything that distracted them from others. I clutched Lola’s arm, or we would get lost for sure among the throngs of bustling chatter.
“Where is your brother meeting us?”
“Tristan said his flight would arrive about an hour before ours.” My phone then decided to show me my text messages. Good technology. (Fact 2: I got my first cell phone at twenty-four. Pretty old compared to all you moderners. And Fact 3: ‘moderners’ is not a word.)  “Ah, he texted me. He said he’s down near the baggage claim.”
Lola and I giggled as we clamored through the hordes. “Is he cute?”
“Who?”
“Your brother.”
I looked back at her with the look of a buzzed-into-orbit alien. “Really? You ask me? I’m a third party, my say won’t help ya. I’ve changed his diaper, Lola, so that changes my opinion a tad. However, I’d say he’s pretty good-looking. And if you’re wondering about the whole race thing, don’t. My brother Michael is married to a white woman with gold hair. Tristan’s never dated a white girl, but I don’t think he’d turn you down, Lolita.”
She stabbed me in the side. “There goes the Russian sympathizer.”
“You were the one asking me if my brother is hot!”
“I actually said cute.”
“Same difference!”
“Pun, therefore, you should be fired.”
“Then you will be too.”
“Oh, whatever! Look, is that him?”
I looked up to see none other than my handsome brother. With chocolaty curly hair and impossibly rich features, he was strikingly beautiful. I hadn’t seen him in a while; his cocoa eyes were filled with happiness, the goofiness that made him my favorite sibling. His hair was cropped short, though it was dark and complimented his ebony skin, and his taut muscles peaked from his t-shirt that read, LEAVE THE CANNIBALISM TO ZOMBIES. I didn’t understand the shirt, but I understood the joy in his eyes. Our family was about to be reunited for the first time in forever.
“Tristan!” I shouted. I dropped my bags and raced for him.
He enveloped me into a humongous hug, one filled with lots of love and peace. “You smell insanely well, sis. Is that lavender? Or honeysickle?”
“There goes your gay-dar.” Radar? Gay-dar? Things that siblings come up with.
He rolled his eyes and whispered in my ear, “I think I’m pretty darn straight, sis, because whomever that girl is, she has the prettiest blue eyes I’ve seen on this planet.”
Wow, I was taken aback. If a guy noticed the blue eyes before the other buxom physical attributes, well, that could possibly mean one thing: He was pretty interested. And I bit my lip in anticipation for his easygoing way with women. However, he backed away from me, and offered to pick up my bags. He shied away from Lola. Bashful Tristan? Not normal. 
“This is Lolita, my beautiful assistant.”
She coyly offered her hand as she tucked a piece of dark hair behind her ear. “Actually, I’m just Lola. Lola Anderson.”
“Tristan,” he almost squeaked. I had never seen my womanizing brother so quiet. Lola tamed the beast. “I’m her kid brother.”
“It’s nice to meet you,” she whispered. Well, there went her clever comments. I would have to open these two up to each other. Love: If I couldn’t it, I’d give it to them.
“Food?” I questioned, motioning to my groaning belly.
“Momma’s prepared us a ‘welcome home’ dinner, Sissy Stacey,” Tristan said, playfully tickling my sides. “Don’t want to miss that.”
“I did miss Momma’s smoked turkey. Lola, get ready to gain about three hundred pounds, not that your metabolism wouldn’t handle it.”
Lola giggled. “Says the lady who has a stick figure.”
God giveth food; therefore, eat the food. I latched onto my brother, and we started walking away from the terminal. “Dad’s going to pick us up, I believe.”
“Is Michael here? With the witch?” I asked quietly.
“The witch?” asked Lola.
“That’s what we call Lily, Michael’s pretty wife.” 
“Why?” Lola innocently questioned. I didn’t blame her–she hadn’t experienced the Michael’s puppy dog look after he found his wife in bed with his so-called “friend.” The remainder of my gut’s hatred was simply for Breezewater, Georgia, a story which you will know soon enough.
Tristan smiled, his shyness disappearing. I was glad; my brother was a jokester, a womanizer, and he didn’t need to be quiet in front of Lola Anderson. She was a great girl, he a great boy. “I’m sure once you see her you’ll understand, Lola. How did you get that name? Is it short for something?”
“I’m just Lola. My mom was one of those typical hippies. Eat, drink, do drugs, sex, plant organic tomatoes, etc. She named me after a fellow hippie or something.”
“Hippie Lola,” Tristan giggled, and I could tell that he was smitten with her. His eyes goofily drooped and Lola bit her lip in bashful joy. Battered bliss.
“Hippie Lola,” I repeated. “Now, where is our Poppa Scrooge? I’ve missed our goofy daddy.” Poppa was used in our house instead of papa, because our family loves pop and popcorn, the pop family basically. 
We walked outside to wait for Dad. From what I knew, Tristan hadn’t travelled to Georgia recently either. All of us Monroe kids had drifted to different parts of the country, leaving our adorable parents in Breezewater. It broke their hearts, it broke my heart, but then again, we’re talking about Breezewater.
When the old, beat-up Buick bounced to a stop in front of us, tears gathered in pools at the base of my eyes. That Buick had endured many moments of pain and happiness, and when my big, teddy bear of a father appeared to hug me, I was a child again in his arms. “Daddy,” I said as he held me.
“My little girl, all grown up. Look at you,” he said, rubbing my nose with the back of his thumb. The last time we had seen each other was two years ago. He and Momma had met me in Dallas, Texas, for a concert of our favorite gospel band when I was a kid. Before the gospel sing, we had only seen each other a handful of times. Momma was the one by my side in chemo and radiation appointments; she was the one who devoted every waking moment to my health. 
Present-day Dad looked the same. Big old belly (not a beer gut, he’s a preacher), bushy eyebrows, beautiful hazel eyes which I had inherited, cropped hair, meaty appendages. Dad was practically unchanged. He moved to Tristan, and the two enveloped each other in a manly hug. “My son, look at you.”
“Dad, it’s been so long.” The last time they had seen each other was only a year ago. Only, right? But a lot of things happen in a year’s span. There are good days, bad days, and in between days. Then there are good years, bad years, and in between years. 
Dad held onto his son’s muscled arms before looking at pretty Lola. “Who is this fair young lady? Hi, sweetheart, I am Rodney Monroe.”
“Reverend,” I whispered as a joke.
Dad’s lips twisted into a grimace, but he nodded. Lola took over. “I’m Lola Anderson, Stacey’s assistant.”
“Assistant? My baby girl needs assistance? Stacey, you must be doing a good job over in the dry desert. I never thought that my little girl would be a book editor. Look at you, Stacey girl!”
“Daddy. How is Momma? Is she okay? She wanted all of us to be here for the reunion, but you know what happens when Ali and I get together.”
Dad helped load our things into the back of the car, but Tristan took the brunt of the workload. He had to show off those taut biceps for Snow White. (Lola was actually Snow White, except with long hair and big boobs.) 
Then Dad spoke: “Your Momma is just fine. She is a fighter, I give her that, and nothing can stop her from seeing her kids one last time.”

WE DROVE THE long three hours from Atlanta to Breezewater, which actually was closer to Savannah, but oh well. Breezewater was a town located in the swamps of Georgia, an hour from the mighty Atlantic and two hours from the cement roads of Atlanta. It was a conventional town, a conservative place where all liberals would not want to go. (Warning you. Fact 4: I am an Independent. Surprised? I am too.) Almost every Christian in town went to my father’s church, blacks and whites alike, as it was either Breezewater Southern Baptist (led by Rev. Rodney Monroe) or the small chapel where the non-denominationals (who spoke in tongues) had service. Catholics had to travel to parishes elsewhere. 
The population was around a thousand. There was one main strip of road that had an ice cream parlor, a barber’s shop, and an Italian restaurant that had been around since the 1950s. Beyond that strip of road, there was the town square that housed the non-denominational church, a diner, a quaint bookshop, the hardware store, the post office, and the courthouse. As you might see, there was nothing to do, so teens and children made things to play with, places to go, and dreams to build. And if you’re like me–an ’80s baby–then you know that there wasn’t technology like today, either.
It was a beautiful town. Purple budded wisteria grew everywhere in clumps, Spanish moss and cicadas were abundant, and you could faintly smell the salty ocean spray. Many were close to poverty, but other families were able to afford nice houses in the lofty neighborhood called Waterbreeze, where my childhood home was conveniently located.
As we approached my hometown, my insides melted. I was afraid to come back, but I also wanted to see Momma. Dad mentioned that Michael, Tristan, and Alison would be travelling into Savannah the next day from the two most populated cities in the USA. 
“This is so beautiful,” gasped Lola as she pointed to the trees engulfed by swamp water on the side of the road. Swamp land isn’t just in Louisiana.
“You think this is beautiful?” I asked hesitantly. “I prefer the ocean.”
“I think it’s pretty, too,” Tristan gushed.
“Sure you do,” I laughed. “Besides, I thought you were a mountain person.”
“What’s that supposed to mean, sis?”
“Eh, you don’t want to be embarrassed, bro,” I whispered jokingly to him. He turned red, but as good-naturedly as he was, he grinned, tickling me from the front seat.
We approached the neighborhood Waterbreeze, and Dad rolled the windows down for us. I could smell the rose lavender, and the yellow jessamine was in full bloom. Among the opening of oaks and beautiful hint of palms, I realized I was about to see Momma.
Our home was at the very end of the subdivision. Many new houses had been constructed since my previous life here, and I was surprised to see many new roads that led to cul-de-sacs. We passed Old Murphy’s giant Mediterranean-styled home, and Mrs. Potter’s small, quaint villa. Then there was the white Southern Colonial I’d always adored. It had been owned by a doctor when I was little, and it had fallen into disrepair. When we passed it in person, I expected to see it fallen to the ground; however, it was freshly coated with white paint and its columns were glistening from the sun’s grips. There was a rich garden complimented by a green, lush yard, and a nice pick-up sat in the driveway. In the right window, a shadow walked past.
“There’s the house I know you love, Stacey. It fell into good hands.”
“I see,” I said. “I didn’t expect it to be so beautiful again.”
It took a good five minutes to finally enter our property area. Our house was still a part of the subdivision, but it was located in a separate area lined by magnolia, lush gardens, and a private deck and pool. Dad had spent most of his time working on our house, making sure the old home built from pre-War times was still hauntingly gorgeous. Of course there were ghost stories about our old abode, but never had I made contact with that realm.
The car hit the gravel road, and my childhood home greeted us. I heard Tristan snort and Lola gasp, “This is so beautiful.” It was. It was another Southern Colonial home, smaller than the old doctor’s, but with the accompanying trees and Momma’s garden, it stood out from the clearing. The porch was just as I remembered–the swing, with a few garden chairs and a table for Momma to place her iced tea with lemons. In fact I saw a pitcher of sweet tea sitting out.
Dad pulled into the garage and we all hopped out, eager to stretch our legs. Tristan and Lola stood nearby each other and the former said, “Want to go see the pool? It’s perfect for a warm summer day like this one.” Perfect line, brother, perfect line. But she agreed with a sweet nod.
It was humid, just like the “wondaful” South is known for. It wasn’t bad today, but later in the week, the temperatures were supposed to be record highs. The heat index would be out of the park, and the humidity was almost unbearable. Dad looked at me. “We can get the bags later if you want to go see your old playhouse and walk around. Momma’s inside taking a nap, I believe. She wanted to be awake when you all got here, but…”
“Momma and her naps,” I smiled. Momma was famous for them. “Momma Gloria.”
“Did you see Tristan’s new sweetheart? Lola’s a fine girl. Momma always wanted one of the boys to marry a black lady, but that Lola is perfect. She’s a gem.”
“She is. I’m glad she works for me.”
Dad enveloped me with his big arms. “I have something to work on in my office, little bug. Want to stargaze tonight, honey?”
“Just like old times.”
“Just like old times,” he repeated, awkwardly turning away.

AND SO I walked around the grounds of my house. I was too anxious to stay cooped up inside editing manuscripts, and I preferably didn’t want to find my assistant and brother making out under Momma’s romantic rose trellis, so I trekked to my old playhouse near the creek.
The Thims (pronounced like Tims) Creek was a staple of childhood for the Monroe family. We used it for fresh water on our family hiking trips around the acreage, and we waded in it to cleanse ourselves from the summer heat. Dad hitched a hammock into one of the great oaks near the creek, which was located to offer first-class water spray. Alison had constructed an entire tent made of wood one summer, and Dad made a colorful playhouse for me. While there was a treehouse he made for my brothers, Dad made a full-sized dollhouse for his little daughter.
When I saw it near the creek, which was smaller than I remembered, I felt a pang of pride electrify my heart. I stood a foot taller than the dollhouse now, but it was a wide space and perfect for a little girl. I noticed the picket fence Momma had bought so I could have a garden, just like my mommy. 
“It’s just like that house you like down the street,” Momma had professed. Back then, she didn’t have as many wrinkles, and the sky was the limit. I wanted to move to Paris; no one crushed my dreams.
I opened the faded green door, and I smiled when I saw the old perch where I cried during fifth-grade because I did not win the “most academic award” at school. There was the little table Grandpa built from timber, which I used for sweet tea. There, there was the window seat Alison and I played dolls in. It was my home away from home.
I turned my back from it and examined the treehouse, where Michael and Tristan played for hours and hours while my sister and I braided hair. The old treehouse was dull with age, and I knew it hadn’t been touched in ten years. Both boys became men in that time span, and men don’t want to play in treehouses; they want to build them.
I crouched near the creek to cup some water into my hands. I rubbed the liquid across my face in preparation for the half-mile walk back to my parents’ house.
I passed our old pool and shed, and then darted to the front of the house when I realized the iced tea was still on the porch. My footsteps were languid because of the heavy air, and I was suddenly very happy that my hair was short at the base of my neck. I hoped my makeup wasn’t pooled at the bases of my eyes, which would make me a psycho she-clown, but it was home. There weren’t going to be any charming frogs nearby, no reasons to look presentable.
And then.
Then.
Then.
I rounded the corner to meet a possible love interest. I guess sometimes it is better not to wear makeup at all.

Chapter Four

“BY GOLLY,” I yelled as it seemed like Hurricane Handsome-Classy-Amazingly-Good-Looking-Specimen-Man slammed me directly in the heart. I grabbed my chest because of the weird sensation that was piercing my organs. Some people say meeting their true love is like a flash of lightning; the pain I felt was pure pain. Intuition: You either have it or you don’t. It was the feeling of something new blossoming in a dark, rocky place, and though it hurt to see him, I knew I was locked into lusting after him. It was necessity, and it was beautiful.
He looked up, his beautiful green eyes complimenting his rich skin, the color of dark sand on a warm beach. He was muscular and tall enough for me, which was all Ali cared about. His hair was short, but I saw a hint of amber fluff on his round head. He was wearing slacks and a blue shirt that made his eyes pop out like balls of alien-green light, and I know this might seem kiddish, but I fell in a trance by his arms.
Okay, you’re probably thinking: Who in all of the Milky Way abducted Stacey Monroe? Was it an alien, or some kind of exotic stripper? Not to burst your bubble, but I’m still here. Stacey is still in Stacey’s body.
I believe that most people fall in love with eye color before anything else. Candice only raved about her husband’s eyes for days. “They’re this diamond shade of blue!” And whenever Reesey brought home a new boy-toy, she always talked about his eyes or his backside. Reesey for you.
Usually, I would categorize myself with the women who fall for a man’s eyes. It’s very important, because as good old Momma taught me, that shade  of color is probably going to be the baby’s shade of eye color, and Momma always ranted, “Now, Stacey Monroe, what if you had a baby with a red afro who had icy blue eyes? Not that those babies aren’t the cutest babies on planet earth, because they are, but what would Tristan say?” Momma was pro-love for her children, but Dad was another matter.
“My children cannot have any eye color besides brown, Stacey Ann Monroe.”
“Why, Daddy?”
“I never got to have an amber-eyed child, and…”
“Daddy! I have hazel eyes, and so do you.”
Anyway, it didn’t matter to me as long as the eye color was beautiful, and I believe that all eye colors are beautiful. So it never crossed my mind. Besides eyes, I always wanted a man who was independent and provided well for his family. Though before I ever thought about men, I always thought about kids. It was important to me.
Before I ramble on for eternity, I want you to know that I never cared about a man’s arm before. And with the beautiful man standing in the plush garden in front of my momma’s house, I did.
His arms were not overly hairy. Hair on a man is good, ladies, it really is, but his arms weren’t too Sasquatch-ish. They were a little long for his body, and maybe not as muscular as my ex-boyfriend Roger’s, but they were perfect to me. Absolutely perfect.
“Excuse me?” 
I blinked a few times in the present day. Then, it crossed my mind that I was ogling his triceps and not even mentioning a word to his beautiful lips. “Hi, um, who are you? You aren’t some kind of sadistic murderer, right? Small towns are famous for those, and…”
His laugh was deep and seductive. His green eyes crinkled in a way I couldn’t describe; he was perfect. We were still far apart, the lawn covering the distance between us, but I moved to him, and he smiled in anticipation. “If I were a serial killer, I wouldn’t kill you,” he beamed.
“That is the weirdest pick-up line I’ve ever heard.”
He brushed the comment off. “I don’t do pick-up lines. I think a man should be able to woo a woman without a corny joke. Anyway, are you from Tennessee? Nah, I’m just playing.”
I didn’t know how to approach him. I stood frozen in his gaze, his beautiful form silhouetted by the sunlight. “Really, who are you?”
“I’m Ryan Taylor.”
“Ryan?”
“Yeah,” he said, bending down to pick up a water hose. “I garden for your momma. I also mow the lawn frequently, and it’s my pleasure to be drinking some of that famous Monroe tea Momma Gloria makes every day. Ever since you kids went away, she’s been making me drink it all up so it doesn’t go to waste.”
A pang of jealousy rammed into that special envy circuit of the brain. Momma and Ryan? Ryan was probably in his thirties, and Momma was in her mid-sixties. Momma had adopted Ryan? I ignored that and focused on him, butterflies exploding against my intestinal walls. “Oh, so you help my mom out?”
“Yeah. Your dad’s been busy with the lawsuit, and I don’t know…”
“Lawsuit?”
Ryan dropped the hose and regret mixed with a weird emotion I couldn’t decipher in his eyes. “You didn’t know?”
“Um, no, I didn’t. I…I should probably go talk to my dad? Um, it was nice meeting you.”
Ryan nodded politely. “You too, Miss Stacey. And wait, before you leave, I always loved hearing your Momma talk about you. From what I’ve heard, any man would be lucky to have you.”
“And I thought you didn’t believe in pick-up lines,” I whispered.
Sincerity flashed in his eyes. “I don’t.”

I WALKED ONTO the porch, grabbed a glass of tea, and stomped into my childhood home. All the china was still in the same cabinet, the dinner table was prepared with antique utensils, and various pictures of our lives lined the walls. The kitchen still had the outdated linoleum floors and the various magnetic stickers on the fridge. I thought I would see Tristan in a five-foot radius from the fridge, but I forgot that he was busy sucking up to Lola. 
I walked to the window and peeked through the curtains. Just like I thought–Tristan was serenading Lola by the pool. (Tristan’s idea of serenading was touching a girl’s arm and singing Elton John. Yes, I am telling the solemn truth.)
I exited the kitchen and walked to the sunroom. The same plants it seemed sat by Momma’s Bible chair, which was simply a rocking chair where she read–you guessed it–the Bible every morning and night. I remember being a little girl and always loving to hear Momma pray for each Monroe kid before school.
“Lord, help Ali at school today, as she’ll be fightin’ with the girls and chasin’ after the boys. You gave her pigheadedness for a reason, Lord, and let that shine through. Ali is so good standing on her two feet, and I know little Stace always looks up to her.
“Christ, help Stacey today. No doubt, she’ll be looked down upon by her peers because of her wisdom for such a tender age. You gave her that spirit, Lord, and help her fellow friends break down those barriers she always puts up. She needs you, God, as she is the kindest of those you gave to me, but also the one I fear for most.
“Help my son Michael today, Lord. His smarts are from you alone, Lord, and let him shine for your glory. Michael has a bright future, and you have his heart in your hand.
“Jesus, help my baby Tristan, because though he likes to be perceived as comedic and bright, I see the loneliness in his eyes. He knows and loves you, Lord, and let him always want you as his friend.
“Protect Rodney, today, Lord. He is the toughest of our family members because you provided him the strength; but, I see his eyes, and I worry about him. He needs You. We all need You.”
A tear slithered down my face, and I reluctantly wiped it. I wasn’t a crier, but looking at that old, beat-up chair, I couldn’t help but be reminded of my steadfast mother, who, despite knowing my past, loved me and prayed for me every day. She didn’t know all that happened to me in Arizona, and she didn’t know everything about my Georgia life, either, but she prayed for me no matter what. Even if I was a self-proclaimed agnostic, it was important knowing that someone was looking out for me. Someone was.
I continued walking to the piano room, which was basically a little nook off the living room. Momma was a pianist, and Ali used to be, but she stopped playing to work on her “fashion skills.” After the piano room was the hallway leading to Momma and Dad’s room. Their door was closed because they were taking naps. I realized I couldn’t talk to Dad about the “lawsuit” right now, and part of me wanted to go back outside to see Ryan.
So I did.
I fluffed the little hair I had and straightened my back so my chest would seem bigger, and I sashayed outside. I didn’t see him at first, but then his head popped over a rose bush and I sighed happily. “Ryan?”
Ryan appeared, his blue cotton shirt striking against his skin. Oh, and his arms. Need I say more? “Hi, Stace. Back so soon?”
“We’re already on a nickname basis?”
“I think so,” he winked. He winked.
I was turning into Candice, so I bit my lip and closed my eyes. “Well, Ry, I have nothing else to do, so I wanted to talk to you.”
“About?” he asked, tugging on his garden gloves. “I’m about to start trimming this bush over here, but I’m sure we can still chat.”
“Why do you help my mom like you do? What are you in it for?”
Ryan’s eyebrows furrowed. “I’m not in it for anything. If you really want to know, Stacey, and I tell you this because I feel that I know you, I lost my mom a few years ago. She was really tight with Gloria Monroe. So, when you and your siblings left, your mom felt like she lost you, and since I had lost my mom, it worked out.” 
I sat down on the steps leading to the front door. “I’m sorry about your mom.”
“It’s okay,” he said. “I was closer with my dad, but he passed when I was in my teens.”
“Oh,” I squeaked.
Ryan seemed sad, but he wasn’t acting like it was a big deal. I suddenly had great respect for him. He had lost it all and seemed intact, while I had lost my world and fallen to a bitter old coon. “It’s okay, Stacey. That’s why I’m around your mom and dad so much. They’re like adoptive parents, and I was really excited to see the rest of your family, too.”
“Well, I’m sure Tristan and everyone will love you. Do you live around here?”
“I live a few blocks down. The Mediterranean-styled house.”
“I love that place,” I admitted. But my eyes watered in the presence of the Southern Colonial. 
“Yeah. It’s a fixer-upper. I spent a lot of money on it. Did you see the way the previous owner treated it? Some lady named Meg Pruitt owned it, and she let it fall.”
Meg Pruitt. My insides melted. 
“Stacey, what’s wrong?”
“Oh, nothing,” I waved it off, adding, “I remember that Old Murphy took great care of that place.”
He threw his garden gloves off and strode to me. He bended down and sat beside me, and his nearness was intoxicating. He smelled like pollinated flowers and a weird odor I adored.
 “Don’t tell me it’s ‘nothing.’ Let’s establish this thing called trust right now.”
“So stern,” I teased.
“I’m serious, Stacey. I don’t want to regret anything with you, and if you feel what I’m feeling, you should be honest with me. What is with the house?”
I looked at him for a few moments. He was opening up to me in a way I had never seen before, and I couldn’t feel anything but trust for him. “It’s not the house. The girl who owned it before.”
“I see.”
“No, you don’t. Listen, I’m being honest with you because I feel like I should be. Some people have this connection from what I’ve been told, and I think that connection has finally been solved for me. Let me tell you, I was a crazy teenage girl.”
“Aren’t we all?”
“Teenage girls? You were a crazy teenage girl?”
He nudged me playfully. “I was a crazy teenage guy.”
“Well, Ryan, my high school sweetheart and I fooled around a lot. The town reverend was my father, you see, and…”
At that precise moment, the white-painted front door swung open. And my momma stood with her arms open wide. All traces of whatever I was saying vanished in that precise moment. My large, hour-glass shaped mother began roaring and laughing. She was warm cocoa to me, and her dark brown eyes were offset by various jewels dripping from her fashionable, large, buxom body. She was probably the width of two Ryans, but she wasn’t by any means short, and she pulled off her figure like no other woman her size had done on the planet. Momma Gloria. My momma. With her heart-shaped face, meaty hands that were calloused from thousands of lectures, and a smile big enough to cover the state of Alabama, I started crying. Tears fell down my cheeks.
“Momma!”
Momma grabbed me with the ferocity of a bear. Her breasts about suffocated me, but that didn’t stop her from smothering the living breath out of my lungs. “My baby girl! Look at you! Look at you, my Lord. What in God’s name have they been serving you? Is that Mexican gal feeding you only tacos? Ryan, look at my baby girl. Don’t she seem a little bit skinny to you? Like a twig on a branch. Stacey Ann Monroe, I dunno who you took after. Your father and I liken the size of two muzzly bears. Then I pop out all these babies, and none of them bigger than a twig.”
I glanced at Ryan, who was holding his garden gloves and smiling. “I think Stacey is at a healthy weight.”
Well, if Reesey had been there, she would’ve floored him. I could see my feisty sista jump up and begin to hit him with her purse or whatever utensil around she could find. “You are a man, and men mean nothing! Talking about a girl’s weight? Women are healthy all around the world, you hear me? Do you need me to knock some sense into your little pea-brain? Didn’t think so!”
I giggled to myself, but I was enveloped in the safest place in the world. My mother’s arms. She smelled of lavender and jessamine, flowers she planted with ease. Her skin was smooth and fine, a product of breeding within her side of the family, the Fitzgeralds. Momma always told us, “I can’t believe I married a man like your father with the last name Monroe. People liken me to Gloria Monroe, and that’s just too awful close to Marilyn. I coulda been anything. Men always looked at me. I was never one of those skinny gals who ate nothing like in today. Naw, a heavy-breasted woman with meat on her bones is what our men want. And your father” (at this she would cough up a lung) “was one of those twigs! I fattened him up, but oh, how your father used to be! Then he married a Fitzgerald.”
Momma suddenly pushed me back, examining me more carefully. She leaned to me, though a few inches shorter, and her lips pursed together. “I remember the last time I met with you, you had that short hair. It’s very beautiful, baby, but come on. I read the fashion magazines. All the women like their hair long.”
“My statement of femininity is different from other women, Momma.”
“As long as you aren’t one of those transgenders.”
“Momma!” I exclaimed. Behind me, standing beside some of the freshest late-spring blooms I had seen in years, I heard Ryan laugh with ease and merriment. He was just as at home as I was. “You know many of the ladies are cutting their hair off.”
Momma tightened her grip on my arms. “The moment I cut my hair off will signify the end of the world, Stacey Ann.”
“I’m sure it will.”
“Oh, you know the drill, baby girl. Do a little twirl. Why aren’t you wearing a dress? Modesty is the cure to every man’s lusty, scumbag heart. And last time I talked with you, you’re as single as one of those cheese packets I buy at Greer’s.” 
“I haven’t heard that analogy before,” I said. One thing my childhood had prepared me for: embarrassment. I was not easily embarrassed; Momma had instilled the ways of people in me at an early age. Embarrassment was as easy an emotion as happiness or sadness. It came with the name of Monroe.
“Well, it’s true. And before your older sister, God bless her soul,” (at this, Momma fanned herself with her dignified arms) “runs in here to steal this fine man gardening for your dear mother, you need to have a talk. Not often that a handsome man like Ryan Taylor does the weeding for a pretty lady’s parents, huh? I’d say it’s a gift from God. More a gift than all the flowers bloomin’ today, wouldn’t you say? Before you abandon any hopes of Him, Stacey, please remember that He loves you. All right, I’m fixing to prepare supper. Come in a few minutes, Stace, so you can help me with the gravy. We’re having chicken!” She turned and giggled like a witch about to prepare a concoction in her magic pot. 
I was prepared for a witty comment from Ryan, but he stood stock-still with a sweaty grin on his lips. “You have a wonderful mother.”
“I know,” I said, jumping down the steps. “In Arizona it’s hard remembering where I came from, you know?”
“I do, actually,” he said, moving an inch closer to me. “I lived in Georgia the first few years of my life. Then I went to New York when I was five.”
“New Yorker, huh? You don’t have an accent.”
“You don’t have an accent,” he pointed out. “My family started out in Savannah. Close enough to be considered neighbors, right? Well, moving up to the City was really tough. Mom still lived in Georgia while we were Yankees, so I came back for her, and now I’m here, just where I’m supposed to be.”
The cicadas were mating around us. I didn’t like the sound of cicadas growing up; I thought it was a rather annoying ruckus they always made. Today, though, it reminded me that a new season was right around the corner. There would be days when things were tough, but a new season always followed. 
The mugginess reminded me that, unlike Momma, I wouldn’t sweat as much. I looked over the lawn, and back to Ryan. “You think you’re supposed to be here?”
“Where else would I want to be?” The skin below his eyes sagged an inch, hinting that cocksure grin.
“I don’t know. I moved away, like all my siblings, because life here was too simple.”
“Simplicity is better than complexity.”
“Maybe for you.”
Ryan folded his arms. “I like simplicity because I stopped fearing whatever the hell was being thrown at me, Stacey. I gave up. That’s why I trust simplicity a lot more than what I lived like before.”
For a second, with his eyes smoldering into mine, I thought he was going to kiss me, but he turned around and fiddled with his garden gloves. That’s all it was. Flowers weren’t going to bloom at every bush. “So that’s what I should do? I should give up everything I have.”
He turned back and licked his lips. “All I’m saying is that people need you, Stacey, but they don’t need you if you’re going to twist everyone and stomp on their hearts. Your family needs you.”
I folded my own arms and stomped the ground. “You come across as a jerk, Ryan Taylor.”
“Well, I can’t say that I’m not surprised that you remembered my name. And yeah, I know. I’m Ryan Taylor, town jerk, appointed by Stacey Monroe. Maybe being a jerk has its own set of values. Like honesty.”
“Well, be honest all you want, I’ll make sure to eat your piece of chicken.” And I stomped off, wondering if we would be married within the year. 

Chapter Five


WHEN I WALKED into the foyer of my childhood home, I smelled spring–freshly trimmed grass, light shower rain, and the importance of summer heading for us in a few short months (possibly days). My parents’ house was scented with coconut candles on every sill, along with little knickknacks from our childhood. My mother had always adored the beach, and since Dad refused to take the plunge and retire in Savannah, they stayed in Breezewater.
I read a book once called The Yearling about a young kid who adopts a deer in Florida. I hated it, except when the writer talked about smells and sights of flowers and spring and family members. Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings’ version of spring was very much like that of southern-Georgia. It would be extremely hot and humid once the sun rose, but it was summer. And it was time to turn over a new leaf. I wasn’t sure if I believed in fate, but maybe this was my week of decision.
I passed the cramped staircase that was lined with graduation pictures of the kids. Once I entered the kitchen, I wafted the odor of chicken and examined the fluffy mashed potatoes, gravy, carrots, salad with gooey Catalina dressing, delicious California bread (is there even California bread?), potato salad, and a crisp apple pie. “And you need my help because…?”
Momma was standing by the oven, her old apron draped across her chest. “Well, don’t tell your brother, but most of this food was warmed up from service a few days ago. Why not save the food, right, baby girl?”
“Try it before you buy it,” I agreed, using an expression that Momma had taught me years ago. “The chicken smells so yummy. I missed your home-cooked meals.” The honest truth was that I cooked well enough. Out of my trio of friends, I was the baker, the one who made cakes for birthdays. Stacey made killer steaks; Candice, well, she brought home really awesome take-out. Truth be told, we needed each other. I needed Reesey and Candice more than I needed my brothers and sister. Candice and Reesey were my true sisters. I did everything with them: planned the future, cooked, went on “dates,” listened to complaints about politics and Roger Nash and Frozen. The honest truth was that I just couldn’t live without them; they were my family, too.
Momma’s voice rumbled, shaking the house and bringing me back to reality. “Yes, your skeletal appearance shows that you’ve been eating salads and apples. Oh, honey, you need some honey! I want you to eat more than the boys eat combined. You and Miss Lola both need to spruce up. When a child is gonna suck on…”
I raised my hands. “Momma,” I protested. I did not want to know where she was going with that one. Plus, Momma was a fierce believer in miracles; I wasn’t. I didn’t like hearing about the ifs.
“Who else is going to be ‘real’ with you? Isn’t that what the young folk say nowadays? Honey, get out that trivet from the same spot in the cabinet on your left. We’re going to eat outside. A perfect sunset welcome-home dinner.” She put on her oven mitts and placed the chicken into the heat. I watched as the chicken disappeared from my view, with all its shining spices and delicacies. My mouth watered. I’d gain twenty pounds just by watching the plump chicken.
“I think I will be overweight by the time I leave here.”
“That is the way of Gloria Fitzgerald, huh? Now, don’t just sit on your lazy bum. Get over here and stir the gravy.” I could tell that Momma desperately wanted to use some good old slang, but as a devout pastor’s wife, she bit her lip.
“I thought you said this was all leftovers. Needed some re-heating…”
Lola walked in at that moment, Tristan’s arm draped across her shoulder. Momma pretended to faint. PDA. I could see she was joking, but Lola wasn’t used to Momma Gloria just yet. The big black woman fanned herself, and the clever jokester I was (not), I pretended to catch the ailing Momma. She stood back up, holding her heart. “You know the rule, Tristan.”
Tristan rushed to us and hugged Momma around the waist. “I love you, Mom.” He kissed her on the cheek. “But I’m not saying that embarrassing phrase in front of Lola.”
“I’m jackin’ with you, Lolita,” Momma said, twirling to throw something in the old sink. “I’m a jokester, can you tell? Not as bad as Rodney. Lord, on our wedding night he placed a snake in the sheets! And he’s supposed to be a pastor, my, oh my. I wouldn’t trade him for Fabio in a lifetime, though.”
Lola chuckled and bit her lip. She looked to me. I winked back, as if to say, Go ahead, make out with my brother in my kitchen with my mother present. I won’t mind. No, I really did approve of Tristan and Lola. They were an interesting couple in so many ways.
Tristan was a skinny, lanky guy. He worked out and seemed more filled out than the last time I saw him. He had a small hint of afro, light, amber-speckled eyes (Oh, Dad), and dark-honey skin. People thought we were twins, though I was a good five years older. Tristan was a college grad with a master’s to boot. Mom was really proud of him; she told me his high school and college diplomas hung in her boudoir with her favorite winter coats. We all knew Tristan was Momma’s favorite little boy. We were an inseparable bunch growing up–Gloria, Stacey, and Tristan Monroe. Ali always hung out with Grandma on the outskirts of town, and Michael roamed the forests with his friends. So there was baby Monroe, monotone Stace, and bouncy Momma.
Tristan was irrefutably handsome. At 6’0” feet tall, he stood above many of his peers. He was a sweetie, and despite this, he had broken many girls’ hearts. The first time I had seen him with a girl, he had pursued her with confidence. He was three, and I was eight. The girl was Annie Clark, and he thought she had the prettiest brown eyes. He walked straight up to her and, without hesitation, ripped her seeing-glasses from her face. 
“Why’d you do that?” she yelped, reaching for her glasses.
“You are so byoo-tiful, Annie Clark. I just wanted to see your eyes for what they truly are.”
She shrugged, and before he knew it, she slapped his chubby kid arm. “Yeah, but I can’t see my own eyes, and I can’t see anything! Mommy!”
Tristan stuck his tongue out at her and Annie began to cry. We were never invited to the Clark home again, although I think Annie was one of many female suitors Tristan had in high school. By that time, I was already hunkered down in Tucson, far away from anything Georgia. 
Now, fast-forwarded in time to Tristan at twenty-five, I felt like a protective mom. He was a grown up, and he was gazing adoringly into Lola’s blue eyes. “Want to go inspect the garden?” Translation: Want to go talk about nothing and stare into each other’s eyes? 
Lola surprised me. “After dinner, but let’s help your mom now.”
Momma was stunned, too. “That girl’s a keeper, Tristan Eugene Monroe. If a girl offers to help your ailing mother in the kitchen, you put a ring on that slender hand. Got it? Take my advice, boy.”
“A mother’s advice is always the best one can have,” he agreed whole-heartedly. “Let’s get to cracking, Lola Anderson.”
And another thought struck me in the gut: I would be attending another wedding within the impending year.

WHEN THE SUN was setting and dazzling the sky with hues of orange, pink, purple, and light blue, we sat outside and listened to the cicadas buzzing the air. There were many of us–Dad, chomping on his chicken like he’d never had a piece of meat in his life; Momma, entertaining Lola with an embarrassing story of Tristan in pre-school; Lola, listening intently; Tristan, hiding his face with a forkful of meat; Ryan, talking to Dad about the weather forecast; and me, staring at Ryan and his golden arms.
“If what the almanac says is right, we could have a freeze again? A fluke freeze? It would kill all the work you’ve helped Gloria with, Ryan,” Dad groaned.
I looked out into the dark yard. The tree-lined driveway was still there. The trees were still there. I was still there, but honestly, I expected something else. I didn’t know what. 
I absently chewed on mashed potatoes (Fact 5: My favorite food), listening to the friendly thrum of the family around me. In my normal life, I’d probably be in my bathtub, listening to the radio, thinking about everything. Right now, I was on the porch, thinking about everything. Eh.
I was the first one to spot the headlights of a truck on the gravel road. “Who can that be?” I asked, pointing to the vehicle. Ali, Michael, and Lily weren’t due for another day.
Ryan stood up, alert and tall. He was so handsome. “I hope it’s not Julian.”
Dad disappeared in a hurry.  
“Get inside the house,” Momma gulped. 
I stood up. Tristan and Lola picked up the plates of food. A perfect night spoiled. I ran through the house to the front, where I jogged down the steps to the gravel keyhole. Ryan stood, angrily scowling. “Go inside, Stacey.”
“No, I don’t think so. Who’s Julian?”
“Stace, come on, honey,” called my mother from the front door.
I ignored her, something you should never do. I wanted to know who Julian was.
The truck lurched to a stop and an able-bodied black man appeared before me. He traced his blue truck with his fingertips and angrily stalked to Ryan. “You little rat! You think that because you get to be all dainty with your nice house, and nice clothes, and nice…”
“Excuse me,” I angrily batted my eyelashes. “This is private property. If you want to take your rant somewhere else, be my guest.”
“Stacey Ann Monroe!” called my mother sharply. This time, I was a grown woman. I didn’t have to obey.
I ignored her again, but Ryan bitterly said, “She’s right. Get off this property, Julian.”
Julian turned to me, his dark eyes brimming like a hurricane. He was forcefully beautiful; I wouldn’t say he had the physical appeal like Ryan. Ryan was handsome and classy; Julian was rough and complex. Ryan might be the simplicity, and Julian might be the complexity. “Who the hell are you? Stay out of this, lady.”
“This is my house, and this is my family, and Ryan’s included in that equation, so get the hell out before I call the cops.”
Julian laughed in my face. He didn’t look at Ryan. His whole demeanor was fire, and his chiseled face reminded me of an emotion I hadn’t felt in a long time. “Call the cops? Honey, I am the only cop in this damn town. Listen to your momma; go inside. Let me deal with the town whore.”
I wanted to punch him, and Ryan sensed it. He grabbed my arms to restrain me. “Stacey, he’s not worth it.”
“Why don’t you tell her, Ryan? You’re a pig. Stay away from him if you want to have a good life, Stacey.” The way he said my name. The way his tongue rolled at the pronunciation of Stacey. Julian. Was he misunderstood? I realized the emotion he felt: passion. Something I hadn’t seen in a long time in anyone. 
“The only person who I don’t want in my life is you, Julian.” I tasted bile on my tongue. What was in this strange feud? How did Julian know to come here?
“Stace, let me handle this,” Ryan said, shielding me, but Julian didn’t break our eye contact. Those eyes, the puppy-dog look of man betrayed, stabbed repeatedly until his organs lay exposed on the floor.
The roaring flood was back within his soul. Julian chuckled. “You think you’re gonna be her knight? Well, I’m sorry to disappoint, but that Lynette needs a different Gareth.”
“What the hell?” Ryan asked.
I knew exactly what rugged Julian meant. Gareth and Lynette by Alfred, Lord Tennyson. A story about a boy acting as a knight to save a princess. So as difficult as he was, he knew literature. 
I was done–I knew nothing, and I could not be biased anymore. It was not my place; my desire to impress Ryan ruined my attitude toward the notion of objectivity. I spun around and walked up the steps. I glanced over my shoulder to see Ryan push Julian, but Julian wasn’t looking at him. Ryan was strong, but Julian would smash the former like a man stepping on a beetle with his shoe. Julian was powerful. And he stared at me. That lost look, the look of confusion. The look of yearning.

“WE NEED TO talk,” Dad said, folding his hands in his lap. The dim light of the living room lamps highlighted Dad’s worn face. The sunset was gone, and darkness had reappeared in its place. Momma closed the drapes, and Lola sat shivering under Tristan’s arms. Ryan was holding a cup of fresh coffee; he avoided my gaze. I looked at Dad. I wasn’t sure if I should mention the fact that Ryan had slipped and said that Dad was in lawyer hell.
“Is it about financial problems? Look, Dad, I’ve got a steady income now, and I can send whatever savings I have…”
“Tristan,” Momma interrupted as she sat in her favorite chair near the fireplace, “there will be none of that. We are your parents. Now listen to your father.”
Dad began again, sweat trickling down the tip of his nose. “I’m in some trouble. I’m not pastoring anymore.”
“What?” Tristan gasped. “What do you mean? That’s your whole life, Dad!”
Dad nodded sadly. “It was. We’ve run into some trouble though, son. I had an assistant for nearly ten years.”
“And I always told you my opinion of that snake,” interrupted Momma.
I looked back at Dad. “Patricia?” Patricia Fields was Dad’s secretary at the small church. She was a civil white lady, one Momma didn’t particularly like. Of course, Momma was a protective wife, wary of long glances and friendly touches. For all that went against her (my mom was a hurricane), Patricia got the job done. 
 “Yes, Patricia. It turns out that she embezzled thousands of dollars.”
“How much, Dad?” Tristan asked, leaning over his knees. He was the calculating one of the family; I could see the dollar signs spinning through his eyes like those slot machines in Vegas.
“Over two hundred thousand.”
Tristan’s eyes opened. “How is that possible? Ten years? How…that makes no sense. And you guys didn’t catch on?”
Dad nodded. “I hired a financial advisor who was able to prove Patricia’s monetary thievery. But she knew some dirt on our family, very personal information.”
“Snake,” Momma blurted.
“What kind of information?” I asked nervously, looking to Ryan, who was fumbling with his hands.
“We own a strip of land, and we haven’t been able to make payments in a long time.”
“What do you mean?” Tristan asked. “I told you, I can help you.”
Dad flushed white. “You don’t understand, Tristan. The land is being paid for by a friend…We haven’t made payments because we couldn’t pay it. There was no money, and Patricia stole the rest, and there’s no way she can pay it all back. She ran away to Mexico before authorities could get to her.”
“Dad,” I gasped. “Is that strip of land this? What we stand on right now?”
Shame flashed through his eyes, but Dad nodded. 
“How could you not be able to pay this off? I mean, just because Patricia embezzled doesn’t mean she took all of your profits. The salary at the church is up-to-par, and all the college tuition money that you were able to save, and loans…”
Momma gulped. She looked expectantly to Dad, who put his face in his palms. “Ryan has been helping us, honey, but it’s not that simple. That’s where Julian comes in.”
I looked to Tristan, who seemed just as aloof and confused. Dad licked his lips. “Julian had a wife. And I killed her.”
I gasped. Lola was a deer caught in the headlights. Tristan moaned, “How?” Not what, but how.
“It was late at night. The roads were wet and I was speeding. I wasn’t fully drunk, but I had been drinking…”
“Dad!” I shouted. This might seem wrong, but I expected my father to be perfect, to abide by all the rules and restrictions he placed on me in my teen years.
“I’m not perfect, honey. I make mistakes. And I ran into his wife, who was driving home from a conference in Savannah.”
Ryan stepped in now. “Julian is an old friend of mine. He sued your dad, Stacey. He turned the church’s back on your father and tried to ruin my veterinary clinic.”
“I need some air,” I breathed. I stood up and hurried outside, where I looked over the front porch to the grassy lawn. I didn’t know how to handle all of this information. I had been in Arizona, reading manuscripts while my family suffered like Job. What else would happen? But my gut told me something still didn’t match up. The lawsuit, the embezzlement…My parents still saved money religiously. They were savers. Then it hit me: hospital bills.
 I looked back to see Tristan. He pulled me into a hug as the stars began to shine in the darkness. Here I was supposed to stargaze with Dad, pretend everything was okay. “Can you believe all this? Why would they not tell us? I never came home, and…”
“Shut up for once, Stacey. Your logic makes you want to help, but what if there’s nothing we can do? Ryan’s been here, he’s been helping. We haven’t.”
“And we didn’t. We’re their children, Tristan.”
Tristan held me tighter. “We didn’t make their mistakes for them, sis. I don’t know what to do. We can be here as support, but I’m not saying that the church was wrong in firing Dad. Something’s up with all of this. He doesn’t hate Patricia like I would.”
“We were never sympathizers like Mom and Dad,” I pointed out. None of the Monroe kids were. We were all stubborn, antsy, and, at times, vindictive. 
“And then the driving intoxicated. I never saw Dad drink one ounce of alcohol in all of my years at home. Not once. Why would he be drinking? The church loved Dad. Something doesn’t add up. And Julian’s hatred for this family. Something’s up there, too.”
“He lost his wife.”
“I don’t mean about that. Something is up between him and Ryan. Don’t you want to find out?”
“Yes, but it may be better to enjoy the week we’re here, and then go back to our lives around the country.”
He nodded, holding me until it was too hard not to anymore. 

STARGAZING. SOMETHING I did specifically with Dad. Neither of us knew anything about the night sky. We didn’t know Cassiopeia’s Chair or Andromeda or any of the scientific lingo, but we both liked to be mesmerized by the stars. It was something I only did with my father. Reesey liked astronomy, but I didn’t stargaze with her. That was something that I shared with Rodney Monroe, and Rodney Monroe only.
I stayed outside after Tristan headed back indoors. I went to the lawn, fell into the grass, and let its little hairs tickle my neck. My eyes were highlighted by the beauty of space. This was something I couldn’t do easily in my neighborhood in Sahuarita. I could in the desert, but something about doing it here at home was even sweeter. 
I felt Dad’s presence a few seconds later. He stretched out, letting his limbs touch the ground. He looked over at me, ignoring the sky. I wouldn’t cry, I promised myself. But he placed his hand in mine, and the droplets fell. Darn gravity.
“Stace…”
“No,” I whispered, wishing I wasn’t so determined sometimes. “Why didn’t you tell me? I could have paid for my hospital bills, Daddy. And here you’re in debt, and…”
“Stacey,” he said, his hand shaking in my own. “You didn’t have money. You were twenty-four. You needed us.”
“Insurance…”
“Didn’t cover everything. Would we rather live here or see our baby girl get married? I think you know the answer. Honey, I love you. Your momma loves you. And we make mistakes, things get tough, and we don’t know how to react. I drink when I don’t know what to do.”
The way he spoke those words, the way his lips quivered. I knew this wasn’t about me anymore; it was something else. But I couldn’t pry. Not with his heart broken and laying on the green grass underneath the final frontier.
So we did what we did best: We quietly cried together. 

I WOKE UP at the break of dawn. I pulled on workout clothes and headed for the garage. I wanted to get out of the house before I saw any of the family or Ryan. So I went downstairs to find my old bike.
Covered in a layer of dust was my old blue-lacquered bike. I pumped the tires with air and hopped on. The sunshine was perfect for my morning ride, and I eagerly rode down the gravel. The blacktop replaced the rocky road as I left our property. My earphones played Avril Lavigne, whom I usually disliked, but I needed anything to clear my head.
I pedaled, passing the house I had adored since childhood and other homes of friends when I was younger. I made it to the main road a few minutes later, and I decided to go to the town square, where, if I remembered correctly, there was a quaint diner and bookstore.
So I biked. I did yoga and Pilates twice a week with Reesey, but this was more physical exertion. It felt good putting my body to the test, having the warming fingers of the sun on my back, and the peace of knowing I was riding just to ride. 
I made it to the small town square and stopped my bike in front of Sue’s Diner. I didn’t have to worry about locking my bike here. I was glad I brought my little Tory Burch wallet to accompany me.
The tinkle of a bell caught my attention as I stepped through the threshold. The same red chairs, goofy tables, mini-bar that didn’t sell any alcohol. The place was filled, almost, and I had no choice of seats. Sue’s was the place back in the day, and it looked like it still was. I looked around, not knowing where to sit.
As my eyes cross-examined the lofty diner, I was aware of Julian’s presence immediately. He was reading a newspaper in a black t-shirt. His amber eyes were fixed upon my own. He remembered me, and I remembered him. He sipped an ounce of his coffee before motioning for me to sit with him at his table. 
I stopped for a second. Was he the true enemy? He didn’t seem like it. I sat down across from him. “Why are you doing this?”
Julian folded his newspaper. “What do you mean? Please enlighten me with your philosophical West Coast ideas.”
“So you know a little bit about me, then, Daft Punk.”
Julian stretched his arms across the table, leaning towards me. I could vaguely smell his icy breath. “Of course. I went to your daddy’s little church close to eight years before everything happened. Why don’t you go ask your little boyfriend about it all?”
“Who are you talking about? Ryan?”
“He is handsomely attractive, right?”
I looked away, licking my lips. I definitely heard jealousy in his tone. “I don’t have to answer to anyone, Julian, in Arizona or here. And I don’t like your forcefulness with my family. Whatever they did to you, it’s still immature to go after the ones who have no idea what is happening out here.”
Julian draped his hand over his shirt. “You know, your dad loves you a lot, Stacey. He prayed for you and your siblings every sermon. We’d all be sitting there, praying for cancer, deaths in the family, money, all of it, and he always prayed for you. The same saying. ‘Help Stacey, Alison, Michael, Tristan. They need your help most.’ Did you guys really deserve more prayers than the rest of us?”
“Why are you so bitter?”
Julian’s eyes electrified, ready to send visual lightning daggers. He whispered, “When you lose the person you love more than anyone on this planet, come talk to me. When you lose your faith, your future, come talk to me. Then I’ll be nice to you.”
He stood up, throwing a wad of bills on the table. I stood with him, impulsive, brash, and impetuous. He looked at me with surprise, and I followed him outside into the warm air. “You don’t know me, Julian, no matter what you think you know. I’ve lost it, I know what it feels like. Let me meet her.”
“What?” he asked, puzzled. 
“I want to meet your wife. Take me to the cemetery.”
Julian was completely taken aback. His dark skin was complimented by the rays of light, but he didn’t know what to say or do. “I have to go to work.” He turned, unsure of himself. “Why do you care, anyway?”
I bit my lip, sure of myself. “Because, Julian. I care about you. And I care about her.”
“Stop with whatever fake hospitality you have. Go back to your perfect little life down on the prairie, and I’ll stay the hell away from all of you until you leave.” His voice shook, and he pointed at me. He didn’t know how to handle me.
“And that’s supposed to reassure me? Listen up, Julian,” I said, anger replacing my friendliness. “I know you’re not used to it often, but there are people who care. They may not know you, but they care. And you don’t even know it. So do whatever you do, and I’ll stay away from you. I mean, I skipped my breakfast to follow you out here. I freaking like my breakfast, especially when it’s not nutrition bars!”
“I didn’t ask you to skip your breakfast,” he said stubbornly.
“I have respect for your wife. How she put up with you, I haven’t a clue.”
His nostrils flared and he stepped closer to me. I stood with impossible grace as he turned around and pounced to his cop car. He hopped in the driver’s seat and sped away. Safety, huh? (Fact 6: Julian has the prettiest eyes I’ve seen in my life. So it looks like I am that girl after all.)
If I remembered correctly, there was a florist’s shop across the town square. I purchased a bouquet of violets, and hopped on my bike, intent on going to the cemetery. Even if Julian wouldn’t show me, I’d go anyway.

THE CEMETERY WAS three miles from the town square. My legs ached, and my skin was sweaty and clammy. Again, I was glad my hair was cropped short. Momma might not like it, but having almost no hair had its practicalities.
I entered the old property. When I was a kid, there were legends about haunted spirits of old Confederate fighters. There was a Yankee man’s grave somewhere, and back in the early 1900s, a bunch of punks had kicked off the tombstone and replaced it with one that read FORGOTTEN. Every time I came to the cemetery, I always draped a little sunflower over his ‘Forgotten’ stone. He wasn’t forgotten.
There was an old white man mowing the grass. Mr. Shepherd, the same grave attendant from years back. He looked at me with happiness. “Why, if it isn’t Stacey Monroe!” 
“Mr. Shepherd! It’s been so long.” I walked to him and he pulled me into his arms. He had been a staple in my youth. He attended our church, and Momma frequently cooked dinner for him and his wife. Last time I’d checked, his wife had passed away, and since he worked at the cemetery, he visited her tomb hourly.
I wondered if I would ever marry, and if I did, would my husband–if our marriage lasted forever like the Shepherds’–come to my burial site daily? Would he bring the same flowers? I didn’t know how I would handle the death of a loved one, either. Fear had left me scarred in many places; wounds don’t heal easily. They may clot, may not. Blood tends to drip down the skin, but does that mean that the skin appreciates its presence? What if wounds are for a reason–if pain is evident, if wounds are also there, would we feel the same way? 
Mr. Shepherd was frailer than I remembered. His blue eyes were still compassionate, full of love for the world. He wanted to be with his wife, but something kept him here. What was it? He smiled to me. “How is my favorite little lady? You holding up on the West Coast? Your momma was so depressed after you left. When your brothers followed suit, I thought she was going to break like china. She’s still thumping around, though. Last I saw her was at Sue’s. They don’t go there anymore, though.”
I nodded. “Mr. Shepherd, you’ll be honest with me, won’t you?”
“Why, of course! For my favorite young woman, I’ll tell you anything.”
“Are my parents in bad shape? You still attend the church, don’t you?”
Mr. Shepherd motioned for us to sit on the bench under the giant oak tree. The oak was a reminder that life can still grow near death. It was an important sign for all those who had lost loved ones. The cemetery was growing in size. Soon, there wouldn’t be any land left, and it got me thinking: Where would I be buried? I didn’t have a clue where Mrs. Shepherd was laid to rest. I reminded myself to bring flowers for her stone the next day. 
“I do attend the church. Ever since my wife died, I’ve tried to go more than ever. It’s hard, though, not seeing your parents there–your daddy by the pulpit, and your momma singing her heart out in the first pew. Things have been tough. They don’t even fancy themselves at Sue’s anymore. Just before everything started to detonate, my dear, the church was so strong. It seemed as if everyone came. Black, white, yellow, purple–we were all there. 
“Now it is slicker than an oil spill. Your dad was our mentor, the leader of the church. It’s as if we have no leader. There’s a young interim pastor, but he doesn’t seem to know nothing, Miss Stacey. He’s a young guy, and he doesn’t offer what we need spiritually. I know not being at the church is killing your folks. Your momma doesn’t come into town anymore. Your pop is dealing with a lot of things, miss. He’s trying to stick it out, trying to be faithful, and it helps that that lad Ryan Taylor is around…”
“Ryan,” I interrupted. “It is good that he is around.”
“That feud between him and Julian Martinex is as complicated as the history of Christianity, or religion in general.”
“Feud?” I knew there was a feud between Julian and Ryan; that was obvious. The real question was why. How did Ryan have anything to do with the car accident between Julian’s wife and my father? There were many things I didn’t know, things Mr. Shepherd didn’t know or wouldn’t tell me. Problems with small town: People might gossip all day long, but they don’t tell the whole story. Coming to conclusions is the pitfall of aimless chatter. “You know what, I honestly would rather not know.”
“Better that I didn’t gossip. I never liked those ladies who sipped tea on their porches dissecting everyone’s mistakes. Who you looking for, hmm?” He abruptly ended that conversation. I decided that it was best.
“Julian’s wife.”
“Patsey Martinex, huh? Well, follow. She’s near the rose bushes.”
I half-way expected her not to be from here. Possibly she was from Oregon and would be buried with her family there. “So she’s from here?” I had never heard of her, but then again, I didn’t have a clue who she was. Just because it was a small town with only seven hundred people didn’t mean I knew everyone. (Fact 7: I knew almost everyone.)
“Yes. She is one of the Johnsons.”
My heart fell into my stomach. “One of the Johnsons?”
Mr. Shepherd nodded quickly. “She was his cousin, Stacey.”
I shuddered, afraid of the high tides I was sailing into. “Victor,” I repeated. Mr. Shepherd knew about my past; he knew I wasn’t a perfect angel. However, hearing Victor’s name on my lips brought its own consequences. I knew he had moved away to Atlanta in search of a new life, like I had gone to Arizona. The last time I talked to him, he was in his early twenties, searching the country. Instead, I had been running the opposite direction, which led me to the other side of the continent, to the Pacific Coast.
“Yes, Victor. But you didn’t know Patsey?”
“No, I didn’t.”
“Victor came back a few months ago. He visited her grave. He asked about you, but I hadn’t seen you in twelve years almost. I told him you were happily in Arizona, and you are, correct?” 
I nodded, unsure of myself. I laid the bouquet of flowers on Patsey’s tombstone, which was simple. It read: Here lies a proud daughter and mother. April 27th, 1980 – June 17th, 2012. She was only thirty-two when she passed away. I was at the beginning of my thirtieth year, but I still had a lot of living to accomplish. I knew I needed to keep breathing. And suddenly, I realized that Patsey’s tombstone said that she had a child. But it was also vague: just a proud daughter and mother? What about her love for a husband? A husband who happened to be Julian?
Julian was a father? I realized I knew nothing about him. His origin, his past, his feud with Ryan. I wanted to know about him. His child, boy or girl? Why would Julian stay around Breezewater if his wife, who was from here, was dead? I knew for a fact that Julian wasn’t a Georgia native. So why did he stay? 
“I need to go,” I said hurriedly.
Mr. Shepherd looked at the second bouquet in my hand. “For the Yankee’s grave?”
“Yes. Will you put it there for me? I need to leave, Mr. Shepherd.”
“Of course. Stay safe, Stacey.”

Chapter Six


I HURRIEDLY BIKED to Reggie and Martha Johnson’s house in the same neighborhood as my parents’. They lived in a small two-story with a neat, trimmed garden. Reggie was a retired teacher, and Martha had been a stay-at-home mother. In the years I had known the couple, they were faithful to the church and to their four children, one of whom was Victor.
I left my bike on the sidewalk as I tottered across the entryway. This path had been as familiar to me as breathing for many years in my young adulthood. Victor was my saving grace for a long time, someone I could count on to do practically anything for me. He remained a constant in my life, a person who cared about me even when I didn’t care about myself. He kept me grounded in a time of need, and while we drifted apart, I needed to see Reggie and Martha. I wanted to know about Patsey Johnson-Martinex. Scratch that, I needed to know about Patsey. And the yearning in my heart also ached to hear about Victor: who he had become, how was his life, were there kids, a wife, etc.?
No one answered the door.
I turned around and walked down the sidewalk. I looked at my watch, which read that it was noon. I needed to go back to the house to see if my parents were awake. I wanted to talk to them, reassure them that I would love them no matter what, and still be their daughter. Plus, today was the day Ali, Michael, and Lily were coming into town. In a way, I wanted to see my long-lost siblings; in another, I would rather be anywhere else. Ali sucked all my energy like a vacuum, and I loathed Lily. 
I could see the drive from Savannah now. Ali would be singing pop songs she had “written,” and Lily would be sublime and compliment her own greatness. Michael would sit in the back, thinking about work while I waited to take the first flight out of Georgia.
I biked home in ten minutes. I decided to go inside, eat a nutrition bar, and find Lola. I did have work, and so far I hadn’t read one manuscript or worked on Cassidy’s disaster novel. The day was already going by incredibly fast. I had a week in Georgia. A week quickly goes by in a blur.
In the last leg of the ten minute bike ride, I passed Ryan’s Mediterranean-styled house. A squad car was in the driveway. Julian. I kept riding.

LOLA WAS IN the kitchen, bifocals propped on her nose, reading a manuscript. She had a green pen in her hand, and marked continuously. As I poured a glass of chocolate milk, I said, “Thanks for coming, Mrs. Monroe.”
She looked up and smiled. “Mrs. Monroe? I see what you’re getting at, Stacey. Me and your brother.”
“I approve of it, if you’re wondering,” I said honestly as I threw the milk jug back into the fridge. I really did like the idea of them together. Lola was a lovely woman, but I didn’t want to lose her as my assistant. “How’s the one you’re prepping?”
“It’s awful. Great idea for plot, but it’s not developed enough. It’s one Murphy already accepted though, so I’m going back and trying to help.”
“By the way you’re going, Lola, you’ll be up to a full-time editorial position pretty quickly. I started out as an assistant, too.”
She beamed. “You think so?”
“Yes. Then the question will become: Is Tristan moving to Arizona? I wouldn’t mind having my goofy brother nearby. And if we’re going to be an Indian family, I’d say you’d have to move in with the goofy boy’s older sister.”
“Sahuarita. Not a bad place to live. But just saying, you’d be shooting yourself in the foot. You’d be the kids’ babysitter.”
That’s what I liked about Lola. She was bashful and she agreed easily, but she had a sense of humor, too. She knew that she had a future with Tristan. She was up-front about her feelings and didn’t beat around any bushes. She didn’t need to complicate matters with anything. Tristan was lucky, and so was Lola. It was a match made directly by the angels in the heavens.
I smiled to myself. “I’m going to go wash up. Then I was thinking I’d go pick up my brother and sister…”
“Your dad already left to pick them up. Said he had a meeting in Savannah anyway. Tristan went with him.”
“Where’s Momma?”
“She’s in her room. She isn’t feeling well, I don’t think.”
“What are ya planning to do today, Lolita?”
She stretched. “Manuscripts await my attention.”
“Come on,” I protested. “There’s plenty of time for that. We should do something. I’m not sure what, but we should do something.”
Lola laid her pen down. “Hey, can I tell you something, Stace?”
“Yeah.”
Lola’s eyes clouded with a mixture of fear and anticipation. She clearly believed in whatever she was about to say. “I saw you with that black guy yesterday.”
My skin chilled. “Ryan?” I asked, but I sincerely hoped she was referring to the other man I met yesterday.
“No. The other one. The black guy in the truck, the guy who was fired-up. He seemed pretty passionate.”
“Strange, that was the same word I thought for him, too.”
“Anyway, I just wanted to tell you that you guys had a pretty palpable connection.”
I almost dropped my glass of milk. “What do you mean?”
“I don’t know. Maybe the romance books are right. You can find true love in a person you have sexual tension with. Think about it. You and Julian. Julian and you.”
My cheeks flushed. Though I was grown and very active in that department, I had no idea how to respond to Little Lola’s blinking eyes and direct comments. “‘Sexual tension?’ No, no, well…”
“I know. You’re kind of like Helen of Troy.”
“Lola,” I said, taking a piece of leftover (and random) doughnut from a plate on the counter, “shut up before I slap you.”
She laughed until I poked her arm. “I’m just saying: I have a special feeling for that Julian guy. I always love to root for the underdog.” 
I rolled my eyes and walked past the kitchen to Momma’s bedroom. I wanted to check on her if she wasn’t feeling well. She was snoozing under the covers. I watched her peacefulness, and I was content seeing the beauty of sleep. She was wearing her silver silk pajamas, and a Bible lay on the sheets. She had fallen asleep reading it.
I shut the door behind me and pattered up the stairs to my bedroom. It was still pink, every girl’s favorite color when she is young. I wanted to repaint it when I was thirteen, but I opted to spend my money on a new bike, the one I had been riding around town in today. Worthwhile decision I suppose. My bed was comfortable and housed the mattress from my youth. The walls were bare in contrast to the prepubescent years of boy band posters hanging everywhere. The same dresser stood by the window that overlooked the backyard, but it seemed void of Stacey. I hadn’t stayed in the room in nearly twelve years.
Since no one was home except Lola and Momma, I took a shower freely. The coolness of the water on my skin was refreshing after a warm workout, and I was ready to take Cassidy’s awful manuscript to the back porch, sip some tea, and pretend it was a masterpiece.
I blow-dried my cropped hair, applied a little bit of mascara, and stared at my dark skin in the mirror. I thought I was a decent-looking woman. I had a skinny waist and wide hips, plus long legs and tough bones. I had deep brown eyes that were offset by white teeth and strong cheekbones. While I was mostly black, I was also of white and Cherokee Indian ancestry, and my mother believed she was Creole.
According to Monroe and Fitzgerald family legend, our separate ancestral lines had been connected as long as we’d been in the Americas–a long time. My paternal side emigrated from Sierra Leone on the Atlantic side of Africa. Our family history showed that we had been sold into slavery by another tribe, and then forced to cross the ocean to the New World. There, after years of bondage in Africa and elsewhere, my great-great-grandfather’s owner freed him. The Monroes of my lineage had lived in Breezewater, Georgia, since its founding. 
Meanwhile, my mother, of a nearby county, was from the rambunctious Fitzgerald family. Her father was half-white, half-black. She had darker skin for a person of mixed descent. Her father’s father was a white man from New York, and his wife was a seamstress from North Carolina. Her father was English and German. His wife was a black lady from Britain, a woman of British slaves once past. They had been ridiculed in the South for a long time, even past their consequent deaths. My mother’s mother was a distant relative of Nigeria. Her family was never a part of slavery, but was Muslim. However, upon their arrival in America, they converted to Christianity. My mother’s mother was also half-Cherokee.
We called ourselves a melting pot. My dad and my mom met in high school. Many psychics (or voodoo fanatics, there are many around here) told them that the “Monroes and Fitzgeralds are inseparable.” My parents didn’t believe in psychics, as they are of the devil, but it was true. Many generations of Monroes and Fitzgeralds married previously. Under local superstition, this also meant that one of the present-generation Monroes would marry a Fitzgerald. It didn’t look like that was going to happen, though, and I didn’t mind. A) I wasn’t sure I wanted to commit incest in any way possible (not that my parents had), and B) The Fitzgeralds of the surrounding counties were crazy. I think Ali had inherited her weirdness from Momma’s side of the family.
It explained my appearance. I wasn’t dark-skinned like Dad or what you might consider “black” to be. I had lighter skin, which some made fun of in my youth. White girls teased me for not being white; black girls teased me for not looking black. I couldn’t imagine what Momma had gone through. She had taken after the light ebony color of her mother, but she had light brown eyes and revealed that in her childhood, her hair was almost blonde.
I laughed at the thought of Momma, a black lady, with blonde curly hair. But she smacked my tush after my laughter caused her stress. She didn’t judge people based on their skin color, and I didn’t either. I had learned that almost every American was a melting pot of various ethnicities, cultures, and backgrounds. There wasn’t just British or Ugandan or German in one’s blood. An American is a person of significant background(s). And I was proud to be of mixed heritage. I couldn’t change it, and I didn’t want to.
I changed into a loose summer blouse and shorts. I rubbed my legs in lavender lotion and headed back downstairs, where Lola was still reading manuscripts. “Any better?”
“No. None. You smell good.”
“Thanks. I’m going to go work on Cassidy’s. Later, I was thinking about biking to the snow cone shop on Juniper. Want to come? There’s another bike in the garage.”
Lola pushed a lock of dark hair behind her ear. “Sounds like fun. I think your dad said he’d be back by four. We have plenty of time.”
“Perfect.”
I went back to the fridge, grabbed a piece of sliced turkey, and poured a glass of Momma’s famous tea. Then I decided to sit in my mother’s Bible chair in the sunroom. It was nice protection from the mugginess of April in mid-Georgia, because while it may be spring, it still felt humid.
I propped my feet on the coffee table and read. The overwhelming smells of lilacs and roses, jessamine, tulips, springtime, filled my nostrils. It made Cassidy’s upcoming story seem a little more realistic. But it also couldn’t bring Cassidy’s apparent lack of writing skill anywhere above lacking. Lack, lack, lack. Why would Steinbeck waste the money to publish a story about a grown princess who marries air (figuratively, but still)? And Murphy expected me to cut back on my comments? 
Finally, I couldn’t handle it any longer. I trooped back inside and threw the paper onto the countertops where Lola sat. “I can’t read it anymore.”
“Want me to do it?” Lola asked inquisitively. “You can read the other manuscripts if you…”
“No, Lola. They want me to do it, and that’s precisely why I can’t. I don’t want to be the editor of this. It’s trash. Awful. Ridiculous. There are hundreds of other people who have written decent stories, and Cassidy shouldn’t get a free pass because she’s related to Steinbeck.”
“What are you going to do?”
It was a true question. Risk being fired? It seemed that my parents needed the money. If I did happen to be fired, I could find another publishing house, but then again, I only wanted to work for the best. Steinbeck was the best in Tucson. “I don’t know.” If I were Christian, I’d pray. If I were Buddhist, I’d do yoga. (Fact 8: I’m not interested in religion usually. I have no idea if Buddhists practice yoga or not, even if I’m a devout yoga class attender.) I wasn’t sure what the heck to do. 
“How are you holding up?” I asked Lola.
She yawned in response. “Ready for a bike ride to get my mind in vacation mode.”
“Let’s go,” I said. We left a note for Momma saying where we were going and that we’d be back soon. I led Lola to the garage where our bikes waited.
“I have not ridden a bike since high school,” she admitted.
“Which wasn’t long ago,” I reminded her.
“You’re right.”
I dusted Lola’s bike, and then we went outside into the humid air through the garage. I propped my sunglasses on the perch on my nose. We took off next to each other. Lola was a bit wobbly at first, but then we sped onto the gravel road with ease. She laughed as she let her hand dangle lose so the impending wind made us feel like we were soaring eagles.
“That snow cone is gonna taste so good,” I called out to her.
She giggled. “I agree! This is a great workout.”
When we passed Ryan’s house, she abruptly stopped. I almost teetered off my bike trying to slam on the brakes to stay with her. My nether region literally felt impaled by the handlebars. “Lola!”
She hushed me. “Julian’s there. With Ryan.”
“He was there when I passed by earlier.”
“This is your opportunity to spy.”
“Are you freaking insane?”
Lola blew a few wisps of her brown hair from her mouth. “Maybe.” She threw her bike onto the asphalt, ambled across the lawn, and, without hesitation, positioned her neck against a window sill. 
“Lola!” I screamed, following her.
“Shut up, Stace, if you want to stay incognito.”
Curiosity took root, and I found myself peering into Ryan’s house like some kind of lady from one of those ID shows. A curtain protected most of the frame, but we could still see inside. There was no movement. “Well, maybe they’re not in the front of the house. Come on, you did enough spying for today.”
Lola looked behind her hair and questioned me. “Why would Julian be over here with Ryan, Stace? I just don’t understand it.”
“Neither do I, but I thought we were supposed to be buying snow cones, not pretending we’re James Bond.”
Lola jumped across the grass with a nervous giggle. “This is vacation, Stacey. Let loose. It’s not like we’re going to totally burn down Ryan’s house by peeking on him. That’s absolutely ridiculous.” 
I hopped back on my bike, feelings of ominousness and disgust hitting me in the gut like a Mack truck. I had the famous Fitzgerald intuition, but I also had the logical mind of no other in my family. I biked with Lola to the snow cone shop, ordered ice cream, and ate with her on a bench.
“Do you ever feel like you’re here for a reason?” I asked skeptically.
“What do you mean?”
“You’re put somewhere for a specific reason. Do you feel that sometimes?”
“Why, sure. I believe that we’re all connected. Humans are more than flesh and bones. I think our souls connect in certain ways, and that’s what makes us feel love, hatred, happiness, sadness, whatever. It’s important that we listen to our souls, or otherwise what do we feel? We only feel the negative responses toward a common goal.”
“My PA is smarter than me,” I winked.
She slurped on her snow cone with content. “I think we’re connected, Stacey, and I believe we’ll be lifelong friends, ’cause, you know, we may end up being sisters someday.”
I laughed and felt refreshed by being with Lola, a true friend and confidant. “Well, I’m honestly a bit nervous to see my family. I haven’t seen them in so long.”
“It’ll be okay. They can’t be too crazy, can they?”
A shrill voice made me quiver. “Is that Stacey Monroe?”
I looked up. I knew the voice from anywhere; it had been my personal hades in high school. There was Meg Pruitt with another woman I didn’t recognize. She held the hand of a toddler, smirking at me with various shards of look-at-me-compared-to-you. 
I stood up. I threw my ice cream in the nearby trashcan, and lurched to her. Lola was confused behind me, but I knew what I was doing. “Meg.”
“Stace,” she whispered.
I shook my head sweetly, the poison slipping from my lips. “Don’t call me that. You don’t get the privilege of calling me ‘Stace.’”
Meg’s eyes were wide and blue. She wasn’t Miss Queen of Breezewater High anymore. I stood a good foot taller than her. So I eagerly smiled at her baby, and then said, “Meg Pruitt, I missed you so much! All those times you made fun of me, sent me crying into the bathroom, making me think: What’s wrong with me? Well, I probably was a little slow in high school, with all that you put me through, but I’ve realized very easily now: You’re the person who has a million things wrong with you. And if I see you again around town, with or without your kid and your new posse, I will slam you into a wall. Don’t call me ‘Stace.’”
I turned without looking back. “Let’s go,” I said to Lola.
For the first time here, I was on top. Breezewater would not make me feel inadequate or sinful.

WE RETURNED TO the homestead to find Dad and Michael unpacking the back of the car. When I saw my brother, I could barely breathe. He looked so much older, deeper, more of a man. “Big Mike!” I shouted.
Michael turned and a huge grin swept across his face. “Stacey Ann Monroe!” he picked me up in a huge hug. “How’s my favorite big sis? Look at you, all suave and beautiful.”
While Tristan and I had a comedic relationship, Michael and I were too close in the personality department. We were reserved, logical, and calm. Michael allowed his prim wife to dictate his life, and that was where things changed for us. No longer were we similar; I never allowed anyone to stomp on my being.  
“Michael! How’s the Big Apple?”
“You have to visit, sis. You’d love it. Lily and I have this great apartment in Williamsburg, and we’re close to all the arts and crafts, and there are so many cool places to eat. You’d love the bodegas. Anyway, we must chat later. Dad said we’re going to Savannah for dinner tonight. Late night beach trip, huh? You always liked those.”
I draped my arm across his neck, as we were the same height. “Sounds perfect. Michael, this is my friend and assistant, Lola Anderson. Lola, this is my brother, Michael.”
Lola shook his hand. “Nice to meet you.”
“You, too. So, Dad told me that you and my brother…well, before I say anything more, Tristan is a great guy, Lola. He’s a jokester, but he’s great. And a pretty girl like you, well, you two’d make a drop-dead couple.”
I wasn’t used to seeing Michael so talkative. “Let’s go inside so I can see Ali and your wife.”
Michael knew I didn’t like Lily. He whispered in my ear, “Please try to be cordial.”
I looked back at him with slits for eyes. “Of course.”
We entered the house to find Momma holding a tray of jams, jellies, and pastries. The house smelled of paprika and vanilla, a weird combination. Momma waved at us before yelling, “I made some yummies for the girls! Stace, can you bring the deviled eggs?”
She knew my weakness. I loved my mom’s homemade deviled eggs, which explained the paprika. So great! I hurried to the kitchen, grabbed a few eggs to stuff in my mouth, and ran to the living room, where we had been discussing our parents’ financial problems the night before.
Tristan and Lola sat by each other, and I winked at them. They really were nice together. I held the tray of eggs before somebody ran into me with the force of a hurricane. Arms enveloped me, reminding me of octopus tentacles. “IF IT’S NOT MY FAVORITE SISTER IN THE WHOLEWIDE WORLD!”
Ali. As I was suffocated, Momma cried, “Don’t drop those eggs, or I will kill both of y’all!”
“Ali, I…I can’t breathe.”
Ali let go, giggling like a clown. She stepped back, and I couldn’t help but stare. She was magnificently gorgeous. With bouncy curls, flashy makeup to compliment her russet eyes, and a killer body, I couldn’t help but be jealous. She was an inch taller than me, wearing a Prada bag and expensive leggings with heels. “Oh my, look at my little sister!” She grabbed my cheeks and I sneezed in response. “Still have bad allergies, Stacey? Oh my goodness, eggs!” Her eyes lit up and she popped one in her mouth as if it were a pill.
“Ali,” I said, my emotional response tired already. “You’re so pretty.”
“I have to work for my legs,” she gabbed. “My personal trainer, Hans, has me on this strict diet, protein and eggs all day long. I can’t even have chicken!”
I tilted my head. “Chicken is protein.”
She raised her hands. “Are you serious? Momma, do you have any of your yummy chicken legs?” Before my mother could respond, she teetered down the hallway.
I still stood open-mouthed. Reunions can be physically draining and/or shocking. Then Lily entered the room with Michael holding her belly. Her blonde hair was still model perfect, makeup highlighting those baby blue eyes, but…she had a belly the size of Wisconsin.
In the mind of Stacey Monroe, there was a loud trumpet sound, and Madea screamed, “Hell no!” In reality, Momma stood up and rushed to Lily. “You’re having my grandbaby? The first? Oh my goodness! Let me feel your firm little tot!”
I stood, afraid I was going to faint. I turned on my heel, went outside, and tried to regain the ability to breathe. I shouldn’t have allowed Lily’s stomach to hurt my inner soul, but it was hard. It really was. Without thinking, the rebellious teenager I was, I hopped on my bicycle, and sped as fast as I could to Ryan Taylor’s house down the road.
Julian’s car was gone. In the carport, a hint of liquid confirmed that his car had been there, and I wasn’t making this up. I banged on the front door, in need of anything to distract my mind. He opened on the third knock, his face warming. His arms glistened in the early afternoon sun. “Stacey?”
I went inside. “Can I tell you something?”
“Of course,” he said, taken aback. He shut the door behind me, his eyes speckled with green. “What’s up?”
“Your house is awesome, by the way. You want to know something?”
He looked at me questionably. “Yeah?”
I fell on one of the sofas. “I had a kid in high school.”
He sat beside me. “You did?”
“She was a beautiful little girl. Big, brown eyes. Light-skin. And I gave her up.”
Ryan placed his arm around me, knowing I was about to cry my heart out. “I needed to talk,” I said. “To someone I felt I could trust. And I immediately thought of you.” I wasn’t crying, not yet. The bile rose in my throat; I hadn’t immediately thought of Ryan.
“Why’d you give her up? You would have been a great mother,” he said softly, reassuringly.
“I had to,” I said, looking at the floor. “My parents didn’t think it would be a good idea since my father was the pastor here. And the father’s mother…She told me I should try other methods.” I looked up at him. “How sick is that? They wanted to kill the life inside me, because it would be easier? To kill a baby because of my sins? I don’t think so. I…I gave her up.”
“Did you name her?”
“Gloria Kate. After my mother. Her nickname was Glo.”
He was quiet. “I am sorry.”
“I am, too. I wonder what happened to Gloria, but I think it is better if she doesn’t know me, that she doesn’t know who I am, or whatever. But there’s more, Ryan, and I hate to slam all of this on you…”
“Talk. If we don’t talk, you won’t, and all of these emotions will boil your blood. You need to let it out.” Why was he so charming in the midst of my battered emotions?
A tear popped onto the sofa. “I had cancer.”
He looked at me inquisitively. A different shade of emotion crossed his eyes. “What?”
“Ovarian cancer.”
“Stacey,” he whispered, pulling me into a hug.
“My parents came to my aid, whisking me away to the best hospitals in Texas for extended periods. It’s a wonder my boss allowed me to return to work. I never told my boyfriends, but I didn’t dream of the fairytale wedding when I was younger, Ryan. I believed that I would have a beautiful child, a little girl or boy. And…I gave up the one I was able to have. And…now I can’t. I can’t have a baby ever again.”
He held me, allowing me to sway in his arms. “There are other means. You can adopt, or…”
“I am on the lists, Ryan, but my status has been declined over and over again because of the cancer. A family in Brazil was very interested in allowing me to have their daughter, but at the last minute, it fell through. I can’t have children, and I am punished with not being able to adopt. I’m a single, old bat, and that scares a lot of people, too.”
“Stacey, why don’t you talk to your family? They need to know these things. You need to open up to them.”
“I don’t want to. I barely see them. Once I go back to Arizona, things will go back to the way they are. I’ll be an editor with an expensive house, but no people; Ali will be some hotshot model eating grass. It’s not going to go away, no matter what.”
Ryan held me for a few minutes. “Doors open all the time. Don’t give up hope, Stacey. If you need anyone to talk to, I’ll be right here.”
I talked to him for nearly forty minutes before he helped me stand and took me into the library. Books of various bindings and colors littered the shelves. I touched each spine, feeling the textures of relics. There was every genre, every author it seemed: Vonnegut, Twain, Austen, Matheson. Surprisingly, I saw a good portfolio of indie authors whom I had heard of through the editing world.
“Since you’re an editor, I thought you’d like the library,” Ryan said, resting his back against a floor-length shelf. His pretty eyes sparkled. My mind twisted as I thought I saw a shadow behind him. But my mind was known to play tricks.
The library was of decent size. It had a few sofas with soft pillows, a ladder to reach books on higher shelves, and a clean desk made of mahogany. “Pick anything. Read.”
My eyes glistened like a child’s on Christmas morning. I turned back to him, intent on showing my appreciation somehow. I touched the first book I saw and pulled it into my fingers. Anna Karenina. The ultimate betrayal. I dragged my finger down its delicate spine, wishing that I could close my eyes and disappear to 1800s Russia. The ball gowns, the balls themselves, the air of ultimate nobility. Where would I be among them? Dead: Cancer would have claimed me early after the birth of my children.
“A classic,” Ryan whispered, moving close to me. He stood behind my body, leaning against me, edging the book with his finger. “A classic for a classy lady.”
“Flattery?” I asked, smiling. I turned, eager to express my desires for him. So beautiful, so fresh.
He smiled, suddenly pulling to his chest, his eyes passionately rich.  Without ruining the moment with words, he leaned in. He wrapped his arms around my hips and licked his lips. Without waiting another moment, my lips desperately met his, an act of bequeathed desire. He pushed me against the library shelf, and I grabbed his hair in fistfuls. I wanted him to be with me. I could see myself loving him.
An act of passion. But upon further review, though I may be somewhat of a sexual person, I realized something very, very interesting. Passion. Passion was exemplified by Julian. And when Julian’s dark eyes filled my mind, seeming to snap me into reality where a man and woman don’t have to inanimately and unlovingly have sex on a bookshelf. Especially after releasing very personal information.
A guttural sound escaped Ryan’s throat. He was gritting his teeth for a moment before coming back for my skin. He left kisses on my lips, my neck, and then I felt a sense of disgust. I had done this hundreds of times. Sex was a pleasurable experience, was it not? 
I pushed him away. He didn’t understand. His shirt was already off; I hadn’t noticed. My own shirt was hanging, revealing parts of my skin. I rubbed the back of my hand to my lips. I threw the book at him, not understanding precisely what I was doing.
“What the hell?” he asked, confused. “I know you want me, Stacey. What are you doing?”
Tears filled my eyes. The way he looked down at me, like I was scum for not sleeping with him. “I just bared my soul to you, and the only thing you care about is sex? Are you serious?”
Ryan adjusted his shirt, but his breath was still heavy and labored. “Of course I don’t just care about sex, Stacey. I like you a lot. I want to be with you in more ways than one. Let me explain…” 
He reached out to touch me, but I recoiled from him. “Stop, please, just stop.”
I ran outside, my mind completely scrambled. I ran into the woods behind his mini-mansion, aware that he was watching me, pondering what was wrong with my brain. I wasn’t sure either; I needed time to think. I needed to comprehend what was up between my level-headed consciousness and my bleeding, gaping heart.

Chapter Seven


THERE WAS A time when a young woman named Gloria Fitzgerald was proposed to by a man named Rodney Monroe. They were both from respectable households, and Gloria’s parents were thrilled that their daughter had chosen to marry an up-and-coming pastor.
By the time Gloria was thirty-five, she had birthed four children, almost back-to-back. She didn’t have a chance to go out and live her life; there was no room for any of that idle talk. Her job, drilled into her by aunts and nannies and Mommas and Mammys, was to be a mother. Gloria had an idea. She wanted to be a teacher.
“I love the little kids,” she would say. When she was a youngster, all the children flocked to her, wanting Gloria to braid hair, tell stories, and provide comfort and protection.
However, with the marriage to Rodney came a grim outlook: She would become a doting wife and mother, but there would be no teaching. There would be cooking and cleaning, Bible-reading and pastoring, teaching in the familial sense. Her attitude was impoverished until she realized that God had placed her in her shoes for a reason. She was a teacher, in more ways than one, to four children who loved their mother more than anything.

WHEN MY PARENTS brought me home from a hospital in Savannah, the whole town was at our house to greet them. Little Ali, about two, was in complete ecstasy from the attention received. People stayed on our lawn for weeks; they ate and held me, prayed and fed our family. When they went away, Dad read to me, Ali played with me, and Momma did the rest: diaper changes and nursery work.
I wasn’t a crawler or a distinct traveler like Alison had been. I preferred to stay in the same spot, though I showed a mean temper. “You were usually a calm, icy baby. Then, all the sudden, you wouldn’t get your way and it was like Satan himself sent the fires of hell to our household!” Momma told me once.
Ali was constantly in trouble; she wouldn’t eat her vegetables, she wanted bows in her hair all the time when I didn’t want anything in my own. “Good Lord, I can’t keep ’em straight!” 
And Momma couldn’t. By the time we were five and seven, Momma was used to a rebellious little Alison, a girl who did everything to enhance her looks, even at such a tender age. I was different: stubborn but calm. I’m not sure how much of an oxymoron that sounds like, but it is true. Stubborn yet calm. 
My parents couldn’t keep their hands on Ali. She was a crazy girl, and the people at church questioned my parents’ judgment and skill of parenting. She influenced many of the other kids in a negative way, but she couldn’t help it because she was Alison Monroe. 
In the end, Ali wasn’t the one they worried about. After Ali graduated from high school, things turned into a completely different direction.
I met a boy at church camp in the county over. After camp, he attended my father’s church. A few months after that, his family moved into our neighborhood. With rich skin and honey eyes, he was a charmer. His name was Victor, and he was the sweetest boy on the face of the earth. For good reason, my father, the pastor, ordered that I stay a reasonable distance away because, while Victor was a good person, two teenagers “shouldn’t be alone together.” And Dad was right.
One night, Victor and I sneaked across the field behind my house. We were supposed to be at a missions’ party led by a friend, but it was late, and the stars were out. “No one will notice we’re gone,” I said, the eager rush of angst creaking against my bones. And it was true. No one noticed.
We ran hand-in-hand to the creek. There was more nervous, deer-like electricity between us than fireworks on the Fourth of July. We weren’t expecting to be overcome by desire, but it happened. There was a sudden moment where I slipped into the creek in the heat of a summer night. And after that, I slipped into a far more dangerous world, one prone to self-worth and self-indulgence. 
Every night after that, I met him by the creek. There, we consummated our relationship in sweet, teenage ecstasy. We were both virgins, both unaware of anything besides each other. I wasn’t one who thought highly of marriage or waiting, but I desperately wish I believed that way. If I had to do one thing over, it would have been that Victor and I waited to marry, waited to have sex, waited for a baby girl who would come in time and we’d be able to keep her. Things don’t always go according to plan, but it’s hard to say that when you don’t know squat about the plan.
Victor and I chatted when we were tired, kissed until we were attacked by bugs, and things were sweet. I know, it surprises you–I wasn’t an innocent teenager. (This is sarcastic, friend.) I was a lying, deceitful kid who knew nothing about anything. I didn’t know the stresses my parents were under as pastor and wife for Breezewater’s booming church. I didn’t know that I was going to end up pregnant. I didn’t know this would split the town in half because of my incredible self-righteousness. I didn’t know that Victor wanted to go a nice college and live his life. He didn’t want a kid. Who, at seventeen, wants a kid? Well, you may know that I did. But I was not ready for a child–not physically, mentally, socially, emotionally. I wasn’t capable of handling another child, making sure a little tot was fed, diapered, and safe. 
It was October in 2000. I was a high school senior; my romance with Victor was dying. We couldn’t run to the creek at night for late-night kisses anymore. We had school, Victor a family who expected him, my family desiring my presence. Then I skipped a few periods, gained some weight.
I went to the only drugstore in town, paid the cashier whom I knew very well and begged to keep this matter a secret, and took the pregnancy test. When it came back positive, I knew things were about to change. The cashier lady, whose name I have forgotten, pulled me aside the next time she saw me.
“Stacey,” she said kindly, “did it come back positive? Be honest with me.”
“It did,” I naively nodded.
“Honey, you know that your parents will be freaked out, but you have to tell them. You aren’t thinking about…”
“Never,” I yelled at her. “Are you insinuating that I’d…?”
The lady shook her head. “Tell Pastor Rodney, please. Please, Stacey, or I have no other choice. I will tell him.”
That settled it. I went home with my mouth in my stomach, the fear gripping every ounce of my being. I sat down at the kitchen table with Momma and Dad. They were busy people, and they knew something was up as soon as I asked them to have a talk with me. Ali was gone, Tristan was young enough to still be outside 24/7, and Michael was at his friend’s house. With all the gumption in the world, I flat-out told them. 
“Mom, Dad, I’m pregnant.”
I thought Momma was going to have a heart attack. Her giant eyes widened to golf balls. She grabbed her heart, and Dad held her to bring her back to the real world. Momma didn’t say anything, but Dad started screaming at me. The calmness of my father disappeared, but looking back, I don’t blame him.
“Stacey Ann! You’re but a child yourself! Who is the father? Victor, I suppose! What were you thinking?” His nostrils flared, the wrinkles alive on his face. I guess I didn’t know he was aging. 
Momma touched his leg. “Calm down, Rodney. We’re going to get through this. Stacey knows that she will have the child, and we will raise it as our own…”
Dad leaned in his chair, pushing his hands through his hair. “No. Stacey has two options.”
Momma stood up, her face pallid. “You aren’t serious, Rodney James Monroe? I thought I knew you better. What is wrong with you?” She grabbed her heart, tears suddenly pouring down her cheeks. 
“I am thinking about us,” he cried. “How will the church handle it? One daughter goes off to Los Angeles, and the other is pregnant?” He looked at me, disappointment, worse than hate, littering his complexion. “Why, Stacey? Why?”
I held my stomach, believing for the first time that I was carrying a life. “Victor doesn’t know. He doesn’t have to know, either. But Dad, I will not have an abortion. This life inside me–this is a life. This is a human. Someone who will grow up with or without me, with or without you. If it’s going to be a boy, he’ll be strong and have sturdy Monroe bones; if she is a girl, she’ll have Momma’s light eyes and fiery personality. I can’t let her go, because she’s a part of me, and I am a part of her.”
Momma looked over at my father. She disappeared for a few seconds, returning with her worn Bible. “Genesis 9:5. ‘And I will require the blood of anyone who takes another person’s life. If a wild animal kills a person, it must die. And anyone who murders a fellow human must die.’” She shook her Bible at him. “1 Peter 1:24-25. All human life on the earth is like grass, and all human glory is like a flower in a field. The grass dries up and its flower falls off, but the Lord’s word endures forever.” She sat back down. “Are you going to stomp on that flower growing inside of our own baby, Rodney? I didn’t marry this man beside me.”
My father shook his head. “We’ve already gone through so much.” 
“You think God can’t handle this? It’s a baby. It’s not a death sentence. Stacey, come here.”
Momma stroked my hair. I was still a baby myself.

Chapter Eight


WHEN I RACED through the trees behind Ryan Taylor’s house, I thought about home. I thought about Arizona–what was Reesey doing? She was probably perusing swimsuits at the tacky store in Oro or at one of her brothers’ apartments. My guess was that Candice was jogging her pet, Peppermint, thinking about how wonderful her life was. Jealousy is another trait of my existence.
How could it not be? It’s just like the idea of your best friend finding a new boyfriend before you’ve even had one. My best friend found a man, a strong equivalent to a best friend. Reesey constantly found new guys, and new friends, and new everything. I was simply Stacey. The reserved editor, the girl who only dreamt of adoption. The girl whose previous men had been clowns or jerkwads, cheaters and those afraid of commitment.  
Branches stabbed my arms. I saw a quote somewhere when I was a teenager. I couldn’t remember it perfectly, but it went something like: Loneliness is God’s call for you. I only felt God, or the idea of God, around my strong-willed mother. She was the one who inspired me daily. When I was with her, I didn’t doubt that there was a Guy in the sky, seated on a throne with gold angels swirling above him. I couldn’t pinpoint the idea of loneliness in my soul. Maybe it was an aching for a Supreme Being. Christianity intrigued me.
I cut around the trees, not exactly sure of where I was going. I didn’t want to go home in my quest for a cure to loneliness. I snaked around the bushes, aware that I was heading north, back in the direction of town. A few minutes later, I found myself behind an old farmhouse. I cut across the bushes and found myself on the concrete again. 
There was a small bookstore on the town square. If I walked, I could make it there within thirty minutes. So I walked. 
A few cars scuttled past me, people who waved by going 30 in 45. Men in trucks with nothing better to do smiled; ladies who were all dressed up to go to Sue’s twisted their palms to me. They knew who I was, and with a little help from my memory, I knew who they were, too.  
I entered the quaint town square and passed old acquaintances who shouted, “Why, if it isn’t Miss Stacey Monroe!” Some women scowled because they remembered me as the harlot of Breezewater. Others hugged me and complimented the Monroe family. 
I entered the bookstore with intent of finding a Bible; I left with a self-help book, two Bible-readers, and a NIV. In the meantime, a young boy fiddled with his wallet out to buy a book that had frightening ghouls on the cover. It was a large book, one a decent size for an adult. I looked over his shoulder and pointed out the obvious. “That’s a mighty big book.”
He turned around, shy and gracious. “Yes. Daddy says I can read it as long as I do my math homework.”
“What’s your favorite book?” I asked, sensing this kid was a lot smarter than average.
“I like C.S. Lewis. Not those kiddie books. I like The Screwtape Letters.”
“About demons?” I asked, surprised.
He nodded quizzically. “I like fantasy best.”
“J.R.R. Tolkien?”
“Yes. The Lord of the Rings was boring. The Hobbit was good.”
“You read them?” I asked, my eyes open wide.
“I like to read.” He shrugged his shoulders, before curiosity peeked through his eyes. “Who are you? I’ve never seen you before. We know everyone here, but I don’t know you.”
I leaned down, because I was too tall to shake hands with him. I took his little brown hand in mine. “I am Stacey Monroe. It is nice to meet you. What is your name?”
“My real name is Douglas, but my daddy doesn’t like that name. He calls me Duke.”
“Duke?” I asked. “Like the college.”
“My favorite university,” Duke said diligently. “They have devils, and Daddy says that isn’t good to root for the devils. But I like them. Even though I like angels better. I wish they would be blue angels, kinda like the Blue Angels.”
I was impressed by him. I smiled. “Have you seen the Blue Angels? As in the Navy planes?”
“Daddy took me to see them one time. They came to an air show nearby. I’m not good with my geography.”
“You’re very clever.”
“Daddy says I’m smarter than him, but I think he’s pretty intelligent,” he said.
“Where is your daddy?”
“He is working. I am with Grandma. But she is talking to friends at Sue’s. She gave me money to buy a book. Here, look, Miss Stacey! Ghosts! Are you scared by ghosts?”
I smiled. “I’ve never seen one, so I don’t know if I am. Are you?”
“Yes. I’ve seen Mommy’s ghost.” My face drooped. He continued talking as if nothing was different. “Mommy is a nice ghost, but she is creepy. It’s misty, and it’s weird. That’s why I’m buying a book on dead people. Don’t tell Grandma, please!”
I stood up, throwing a few dollars on the counter nearby. “Let’s go see Grandma.”
He nodded. “I’m not supposed to go places with strangers, but I’ll pretend you’re not a stranger. You really aren’t. You’re Miss Stacey. And you bought me my book. Grandma will pay you back, or Daddy. Here, I have money. Miss Stacey, why did you buy my book if I had money? I checked the price tag. I had enough money.”
“It’s a gift, Duke.”
He smiled, until he realized something especially important for a man of his size. “Grandma will say that I have to buy you something back of equal value.”
“Please don’t worry about it, chap.”
He insisted. He took one of the books from my hand and placed it on the counter. He looked back at me. “‘The Psychology of a Human Seeking the Afterlife.’ What is this gibberish? And you say you’ve never seen a ghost. Grandma takes me to church. I know Jesus. Do you know Jesus?”
I took the book from the counter and headed for the door. “I know of him.”
The little boy looked confused. Of course Duke understood that I hadn’t said, “I know him.” Intelligent, intelligent, intelligent. 
Duke’s eyes were sparkling. “But you don’t know him? Miss Stacey, you need to know him. It’s important you do.” Then he turned and walked out the door with me.
The air was hot against my skin as we walked to Sue’s. He gave me a sweet hug before opening the door. “Grandma is busy with her prayer meeting. May I see you later, Miss Stacey?”
I waved at him. “Of course. More library meetings.”

IT DIDN’T TAKE long to realize that Duke was Julian’s son. Duke never talked about his mother, and Julian made it apparent that he was bitter with his wife for whatever reason. I decided that moment to go to Reggie and Martha’s house in search of information on both Victor and Patsey, Julian’s deceased wife.
I walked back to the subdivision, my legs aching from all the walking and biking of the past two days. I found their house, somewhat rundown, and knocked again on the door. A pair of eyes peered out, and I found myself face-to-face with Martha, who was Victor’s mother and Patsey’s aunt.
“Martha,” I whispered. 
The door almost shut back in my face, but Reggie appeared, shriveled and old. His bushy eyebrows reminded me that he was still the same old Reggie Brown, the man who moved a county over for church. His wife, Martha, had been gracious and loving to me at first, eager for my friendship to blossom with her daughter. Now her eyes only burned with fire. She hated me.
“Stacey Monroe?” Reggie asked, his eyes wide. “Nothing can surprise me anymore. How are you, young lady?”
Martha grunted. “She’s not welcome…”
Reggie ignored his wife and came outside, giving me a giant hug. “Some bitterness never dies.  Look at you, all grown up. Fancy haircut, beautiful lady.”
“You look good, too, Reggie. How are you?” 
He hunched, pointing to the porch swing. I followed the little old man and sat beside him. “Besides all the physical ailments, I’m okay. Praying about your pop and mom. How are they? Martha and I barely leave the house now. Our kids bring us groceries, Julian comes over to do the lawn occasionally. You know Julian, do you? He came by last night. He said, ‘The famous Stacey Monroe is back in town.’ Julian’s a tough fellow to crack open.”
“Julian helps you out?”
“Well, yes. Our daughter lives over behind the city park, but she can’t always be of service. She recently divorced her husband, so he’s not around to help, and Julian stepped up. I really hate my constricting, time-ravished body, but I can’t do anything about it. I’m just too old. Never thought I’d say that one!”
“Julian…He’s Patsey’s husband?”
Reggie nodded. “I’m sure you know by now, but I’ll tell you. Julian’s a Yankee, born and raised up North. He met Patsey, our darling niece, and she wanted to move closer to her family, so he came to Georgia. You know, I probably shouldn’t say everything. I pride myself in not being a part of the ladies’ gossip group. Julian needs to tell you things himself, Stacey. I know you’ve barely spoken, but he came by after seeing Ryan at your house.
“Let me offer this token advice: Stay the hell away from Ryan Taylor, you hear me? He’s not a good man. Please don’t make this be an ‘I told you so.’ Martha really believes in your spirit. She knows you have a good heart, but she’s still hell-bent on righting your wrongs. The baby…”
“You have an update?” I shouted, my heart constricting the blood flow. “Anything, anything at all?”
“Victor found her. The parents haven’t allowed him to meet her, but he found her, Stacey. Just recently. A few weeks ago, I believe.”
I cried as I gripped my heart. I said nothing–I just cried. Reggie held me, rubbing my back as the happy tears fell onto my knees. The swing swung, the bees flapped their buzzing wings, and the smell of flowers filled my nostrils. My baby girl. Hearing about her made my heart leap. She was out there, thirteen-years-old. She was not a baby anymore; she was four years from the age when I had her. 
“What…did she keep her name?”
“They kept her name,” Reggie whispered. “They knew how important she was to you. They knew.”
“I have to see her.”
Reggie nodded quickly. “That’s something you need to discuss with Victor.”
“Where is he?”
“He’s in Atlanta.”
“I need to go there then. Do you have an address for him? Where is my daughter?”
Reggie’s face twisted in pain. “She’s in São Paulo.”
And just as suddenly, the waves toppled me over. I was sinking in the Pacific, watching my own body drown. “Brazil?”
“Brazil,” he repeated. “Her family relocated there a few years back. Her dad’s a businessman down there.”
I couldn’t breathe. My baby, the little child whom I carried in my womb, was alive. She was probably tall and skinny, with her father’s curly black hair and my cocoa eyes. I pictured her to have bright teeth and maybe a splotch of Brazilian freckles across her dark skin. She would be the prettiest girl who’d grow up to be the most beautiful woman ever born in Breezewater. She’d be a stellar athlete, a perfect scholar, and a dedicated church-goer. I heard her speak to me though I had not seen her since the day she was born.
“I need to see Victor,” I moaned. “I need to see him.”
Reggie stood up, his face contorted with pain. His age was prominent now. Age is a peculiar thing; youth seems to last for an instant before being replaced with the pain of a body dying. As my father, the Bible-toting pastor, preached, “You begin to die as soon as you are born.”
But I’d like to rebut that statement. I believe that once you’re born, you have a whole life ahead of you. A life on this earth is precious time, but every moment I look into the colors of the sunset, or the eyes of a child…or when I see my own daughter in the flesh, not only have I found paradise on earth, I know that there is a heaven. Breezes in April are fleeting, but paradise lies right down the road. It won’t be long before we’re dust or in cemeteries. And that’s where the true belief begins to set in. The afterlife awaits. For me, I believe it is heaven. And that’s a comforting thought to know. Breezes don’t only come in April.
Reggie walked inside as I cried. He allowed me the peace of being alone, but I wanted someone to hold me. There was that ache for love in my heart. Momma wanted me to find a man to fill the void, and Dad wanted the church in my life. I even thought a baby would fill that whole in my heart.  That hole kept getting wider and stronger, like the rolling waves on the sea. Someday it would calm down, and I would be free to believe that I was who I was for a reason. When that day would come, I had no idea.
A few minutes later, the slam of a car door woke me from my reverie. I looked up, realizing how intense the smell of the blooming flowers was. The sun shined on the grass that looked like a sparkling green ocean. Bees buzzed around the rose bushes in front of Martha and Reggie’s tiny house. Birds chirped and the peace of spring was in the air.
My heart leapt when I saw who ambled up the broken path. He was staring at me, a mix of confusion, calm anger, and downright peace painted on his diligent face. It was Julian, and though it was the second time I had seen him today–the third I had seen him overall–I was dragged into feelings of that teenage summer with Victor. The summer where every touch seemed like a drug.
Julian stopped once, and then decided to walk to me. He took the steps quickly. I scooted over on the swing, and he walked over, smelling of cinnamon. He was still wearing a black t-shirt, and while his cop car was pulled in front of the yard, I was calm. There was no reason to fear him anymore. The barriers between us were breaking, I could feel it.
“I know about Patsey,” I said, not knowing how else to say it. “I know it may come across as weird, but…”
“She was sleeping with Ryan,” he bitterly coughed, the pollen from the flowers landing on his shirt in specks. He probably had allergies, I decided. He examined me, his eyes puppy-dog like, his breathing labored. “My wife, sleeping with an old friend.”
I couldn’t speak, but the question foamed at my lips anyway. “Ryan was your friend?”
Julian nodded as he looked out into the sunshine. “Both grew up in New York. He grew up as a mixed-race kid, and I was his only ally. He was the kid who got beat up a lot, and I was the kid who tried to fight the bad guys. I found a Southern girl, courted her, decided to move to Georgia. My best friend, with me through thick and thin, wanted to come with me.”
I didn’t know what to say. “Oh, Julian.”
“I thought he came because I was his brother. We both had rough beginnings, the kind that brings a lot of those punks to gangs. Nah, it turned out he came to Georgia to continue an affair with my wife.”
“Julian,” I said, not knowing how to comfort him. I placed my hand in his, because it felt right. He was baring his soul to me.
He glanced at our hands and didn’t pull away. “I was in love with her, and I thought she loved me. We had a son together. Our baby boy. She named him Douglas, and I hated that name.”
“Duke,” I whispered.
Julian nodded, his eyes pained and beautiful. I knew he knew. He knew I had befriended his son. “Duke. And then a few years later, I walked in on my best friend and my wife in my bed. Duke was out with Grandma, thankfully.”
“Julian,” I whispered again. “I’m so sorry. You didn’t deserve that.”
He nodded incredulously. “Maybe I did. I’ve shown you how hard I am. I’m a pitbull, am I not, Stacey? Don’t lie. I pretend to be this double-edged sword, when I don’t know half the time who I’m fooling, myself or everybody else.”
“But I like you for it, Julian. You don’t put up with anyone else. And that’s something that Ryan lacks. You’re passionate, and you’re brave, and why does it seem like we’ve known each other for ages?” (Fact 9: When I get nervous, I ramble.) “And you’re so dignified, and you’re a cop, fighting for justice…”
Julian leaned in before I could say more. My eyes closed and the taste of his warm skin pulled me above the storm. He placed his hands around my neck, and I felt his desperation. He liked me, and I liked him. In simplest terms, it was boy and girl. In deeper ways, it was man and woman. His lips closed around mine for a few minutes, before he backed away and said, “That was…”
I laughed. “Unprecedented.”
Julian smiled too, and he leaned in to kiss me on the cheek. “I need you to understand that I don’t want you to pick sides, between Ryan and me, I mean. It’s not like we just met each other or anything.”
I nervously bit my lip, a grin appearing across my face. “Julian, shut up. Listen to me, I don’t have to pick sides. All I will say is: That kiss pretty much seals the deal. But listen to me, before you kiss me again or say anything else, you need to know something.”
He looked at me, his eyes puzzled. “What?”
“I went to Ryan before I came here.”
He tensed. 
“I…I told him personal things about myself.”
“Stacey,” he said, wiping his forehead with his palms. “Why didn’t you…”
“And he kissed me.”
Julian, aghast, stood up and stared down at me. “What the hell?”
“Julian, stop,” I said, my voice sharp and calm. “He forced me against a wall. He wouldn’t…”
Julian’s eyes turned into slits. His muscles protruded from his skin, and I realized that I made a mistake. Julian had a need to beat his Ryan up, and now I had given him loaded ammo to fire that gun. “He…?”
I nodded. “I thought you should know before you kiss me again.”
Julian bent down and looked at me. “If you cry, I promise, I will go shoot his ass right now. Stace, look at me. I’m sure not pleased with your decision, but you ran away, did you not?”
I nodded. “I don’t want to rush us,” I said. “I’m not sure how…”
“You think I’m sure? Come here.” He held me in his arms, hugging me for the longest time. “I’ll drop you off at your house. If I hear there’s a fiesta at the Monroe place, then I’ll see you again, I’m sure. This town is that small.”
I walked to his car, and he promised me he’d return straight to Reggie’s after dropping me off. He opened the door for me and said, “You’re the most beautiful woman on the corner.”
He drove me home. I looked at him from my peripheral. I wanted to ask him so many questions, but we had just met, and already had crossed many borders of intimacy for the day. He smiled as I left his car.
I waved goodbye, intent that I would never fall for another man again. Then I realized that Julian had done something completely surreal: He agreed to go to my house some time. The house owned by the man who killed his wife.

LOVE IS PATIENT, love is kind. I walked into the house, knowing that I had run away from my family like a child. Jealousy can cover fear, and fear covers love. So as I went into the house, my cheeks flushing from the sunshine I’d been receiving, I prayed for the first time in a while. “If You’re up there, and I mean, sure, You’re up there, but anyway. I’m not good at this praying thing. Anyway, please give me patience. That Bible verse comes to mind.”
Sitting on the sofa in the living room was Momma. She was demurely waiting for me. Her eyes flashed hospitality, and she knew why I had left. The house was strangely, deathly silent. 
“Where is everyone?” I asked, falling onto the sofa besides my ample mother. I rested my head against her shoulder like I had when I was little. She rubbed my back, transporting me to a time when the only things that mattered were stealing a cookie rom the forbidden jar, writing in a private diary, and avoiding crazy big sisters.
She held me, knowing I was about to cry again. “They’re outside. Michael persuaded Lily to go walking, and I don’t know how safe that is.” If this were a time when I was about to be reprimanded, I eagerly decided to prepare myself. However, the pestilence never came. I was saved by the cure of a mother’s doting love.
“There are so many things I wish I would have told you. You’re my mom, and I trust you. You’ve been here like no one else.”
“Except the Good Lord,” she whispered in my ear. She chuckled, and I didn’t realize how much phlegm and muck resounded in that one cough. I looked up at her, noticing the loads of makeup on her dark skin. 
“Are you okay?”
She looked at me before avoiding all eye contact. “I’m okay, sweetie. I’m just like you. So strong and stubborn that I refuse all help.”
“It’s a Fitzgerald trademark.”
Her eyes bore the weight so much pain and suffering. “I’m so proud of you, honey,” she cried, her voice barely audible. It cracked, fleeting like wind. “You went through so much in just your young life. A baby, cancer, leaving your home for a foreign land.”
I shuddered. I sat up, perplexed and ashamed. I took one of the throw pillows and vehemently placed it against my chest, needing anything to take away the straining eye of my mother. Why could I not be normal? The girl who stayed in her hometown to support her family. The girl who didn’t get pregnant in high school. There would still be the cancer dilemma, but I could have gone to a different college, met a boy there, and lived my life. But that’s not where my life had gone. I was a different person because of who I was. There was no changing my past, and I didn’t want to. Gloria Kate Johnson was the single-most important thing I’d ever made.
“Stacey Monroe, look at me, baby. Is there ever a moment I don’t worry about you or your sister or your brothers? Look at these wrinkles.” She lifted her sleeve to show me a scar on her right arm. “This was from chasing Michael across the creek when he was a baby. You don’t remember, but I worried so hard that I fell and hurt myself because I wanted him in my arms. I didn’t care about the pain or the blood or anything I’d endure. No, I had to make sure he was safe. And worry, worry is absolutely devoid at this point. I worry about you to the moon and back, but I want to know, honey. I want to know everything about your life. Every last detail.”
“There’s so much.”
“In a perfect world, I would expect my ample bottom right beside you. Protecting you, being an earthly guide to my Arizona baby. I love you, Stacey. And it hurts me. It stabs me in my chest that I can’t be a part of your life more.” She beat on her heart with her chubby hands. 
She was going to say more, but we cried together. When she looked up, I nodded. “I can’t have children, Momma. I can’t have them. That’s all I ever wanted. My daughter, and…”
She cradled me in her arms. I knew my mother’s love.

I WENT OUTSIDE after the good eye-cleanser with my mother. She said she was tired, and I didn’t blame her. I stood on the patio, waiting for my family to come home. Instead, Ryan appeared in garden gloves. I turned away, completely disgusted by his presence. His arms were still taut and tanned, but my heart shuddered. This man betrayed his best friend. This man was a cheater in the worst degree.
“What do you want?” I shouted, crossing my arms.
“You left without a chance to explain, Stacey,” he said, his eyes bright.
“Get the hell away from me. I don’t need you or your sick peanut of a brain in my life.”
“You showed me your soul. I know you care about me. At least a little bit.”
I rolled my eyes. “Get out of here. I promise, if you come around me again, I swear…”
Ryan turned around, winking. I wanted to punch him, but it was true. I did have physical yearning for him. He was handsome in every way, but beauty can be deceiving. I reminded myself of what Julian told me, and I chided my consciousness for being so easily swayed.
I shielded my eyes from the rays of the sun when Ali appeared in a bright pink bikini that revealed so much skin I yelped, “Alison!”
Ali bent over and blew me a kiss. “Hey, sis.”
“Alison Monroe,” I cried, looking around for a towel to throw at her. Of course there wasn’t. “Ali, this is so inappropriate.”
She laughed and hugged me. “Oh, come on. I’m working on my tan.”
“Alison, you’re black.”
“Doesn’t mean I can’t get darker.” She laughed, pulling her sunglasses on top of her curls. “You know, my agent thinks I have really good star potential in LA. I auditioned for this part called ‘Bikini Girl’ in this movie starring that actor with the toned muscles.”
“That one,” I sarcastically said, nodding my head as Ali rested her arm on my shoulder. “You know, you have to be the shoo-in for that one. Gotta get that big break someday.”
“I missed you,” she squealed, jumping up and down. “We haven’t been near each other since…well. You’ve been in remission for, like, two years, Stacey. That’s great!” She chewed on her lip with the reappearance of Ryan Taylor. “Who is that hot piece of meat?”
I grimaced and stalked across the grass, intent on hiding behind a mulberry bush or an oak tree. I ended up hiking to the creek, where Lily and Michael were angrily spitting at each other. I hid behind a sturdy oak and listened. Eavesdropper Stacey.
“She’s the only one who absolutely hates me,” Lily said, her eyes wickedly gleaming. “It’s like she’s a jealous teenager.”
“She’s my sister,” Michael protested.
“And she’s been out to get me, to make me look like the bad guy here since I’ve met you and your family. How can I possibly compete…”
I coughed and appeared, folding my arms. “Hi, Lily.”
She knew she was caught. She turned white and held her stomach. “Oh, Stacey.” Her voice was laced with sweetness. I wanted to pull her yellow hair.
“Stace,” Michael whispered. “Where’d you go?”
“There were some things I needed to figure out,” I breathed. I looked at Lily’s belly. “I see there’s going to be a new Monroe.”
Lily nodded. “We don’t want to know the sex. We want to find out the day of the C-section.”
“I’m honestly surprised,” I laughed. “I thought you’d be one to have a gestational carrier.”
“Stacey,” Michael hissed.
I smiled. “Why not? You’re Lily, and you never fit in with this family. So before you go making claims that I’m out to get you, just realize, I am, honey. You aren’t fooling me.”
“Stacey!” Michael snapped again. “What is wrong with you?”
“The idea that this woman is having my niece or nephew.”
“We need to talk,” Michael barked, pulling me across Thims Creek. “Lily,” he called over the brook, “go home.”
Lily was angry at his proposition, no doubt thinking that a pregnant woman like her could not make the mile. If it weren’t for the baby lodged in her stomach, I would deck her in so many places. She turned around and disappeared.
“What was that about?”
I snickered. “Is the kid even yours, Michael? You know her better than I do.”
“Yes, I do,” he angrily spat. “The child is mine. We’ve gotten through our rough patch. And you trying to ruin what we have now is infuriating. What do you want, Stacey? To ruin this child’s future, or my future with my wife? Lily is better now, and you hurling insults at her is preposterous and childish. It makes you look worse than Alison.”
I was fuming. “I’m trying to protect you.”
“You never liked her. And you never will unless you climb over the mountain of jealousy.”
“What?” I yelled.
He nodded. “Just because Lily can have a child, and you can’t, doesn’t mean you need to be cruel.” He turned his back and left. Was he speaking the truth?

Chapter Nine


LOLA AND TRISTAN passed by a few hours later. I was crouched under a tree with tears and mascara running down like rivers on my face. “Oh my!” Lola squealed as she bent down to console me. “What happened?”
They were on a romantic walk, and I had ruined it. Like I ruined everything. “I’m sorry. I…I should have stayed at home, where I could watch soap operas and be alone in my Sahuarita condo. Whenever I come back here, I muddle things up.”
Tristan placed his arms around me. “Stace, what happened?”
I recounted the events of my spar with Lily. Tristan knew clearly what I had been referring to, but Lola was lost, so we caught her up to speed. “Lily is a cheater. Slept with Michael’s best friend.”
Tristan added, “Michael is being used, and Lily won’t change. She’s been a pretentious thing, with a case of primadonna-itis. None of us siblings likes her, but we put up with her. Well, everyone except Stacey.”
“Oh, well.” I looked up, shame covering my skin in little pinpoints. I hated to cry period. “I try to protect him, but he never…”
“Some people don’t want to be saved,” Lola said, her wisdom highlighting the awful past hour.

WE RETURNED HOME, where Ryan was gardening as Ali tanned on a chair. Way to make it obvious. Ali’s boobs were hanging out of her bikini top and she was lying on a patio chair. “Whoa, sis,” said Tristan, shielding his eyes half-jokingly. “Put on some clothes.”
Ali stood up and swatted him with her magazine. “Like we didn’t both come out of the same momma, stark-naked. Lola, you’ve got killer legs.”
“Ali,” I crooned, pushing her down. “Put on a dress.”
She lustfully looked at Ryan. “Nah.”
I followed Lola and Tristan into the house, where Michael was leafing through bills. He looked up and gave me a sour look, and all was silent. “Where’s Lily?” asked Tristan.
“She’s taking a nap. Our baby is kicking.”
“I just want you to be sure,” I said again.
Hatred filled his eyes. “I told you, Stacey. I am sure. And you need to stay out of it.”
Lola held me back, her eyes knowing. “There’s nothing you can do,” she whispered.

DINNER WAS A magnificent affair. After Momma woke up from her two-hour long nap, she announced that we were having ham. She also told us she didn’t feel well enough to go to a beach dinner in Savannah. If we were having ham, that meant that there would be salad, stuffing, vegetables, various types of potato salads, deviled eggs–basically an affair fit for the gods.
“What’s smelling good in here?” Dad asked as he fiddled with the drinks. He was helping Ali place ice cubes in glasses. 
I carried the deviled eggs to the dining room table, which, with a few extra chairs, provided enough space for our huge company. I placed the eggs on a trivet and went back to the kitchen, where Momma was moving in a tornado to make everything absolutely perfect. Lola and I helped her carry things to the table, and the boys already designated themselves the clean-up crew. 
Finally, at eight o’clock, we sat down. The sun was casting purple shadows across the grass outside, and we prayed over a giant slab of ham. It was a tradition, and we locked hands around the table. Mine were intertwined with Ali’s and Lola’s. Across from me was Lily, whom I angrily scowled at during the prayer.
Once the “Amen” was proclaimed, we all dug in. The ham was mouthwatering, a sample of my mother’s cooking abilities. No one spoke for a good few minutes, all savoring the top-class meal. Finally, Momma shouted, “You know how much I hate the silence!”
We all broke out into chatter. Ali claimed my attention, telling me about her chance meeting with a famous actress in Hollywood. “She has the biggest tatas on the planet,” Ali said, her eyes wide. “And get this, they’re real!”
“I did not just hear that,” Ryan said from across the table. I looked over at him as he wiped his mouth with a towel. I didn’t like his presence, but he was a friend of my parents. He winked at me again, and I rolled my eyes.
“Ali, how is Los Angeles?” asked Michael from across the dining table.
“It’s great,” Ali said through a mouthful of mashed potatoes. “I recently got the part of ‘Bikini Girl’ in this new flick. I’ve modeled for a bunch of big mags out there, and my agent says I’ve got a good chance of breaking it big soon.”
“Wow,” said Lola. “My sister’s modeling over there. She’s landed a few covers, and I think she’s on a show now, but she hasn’t broken into film yet.”
Lola was trying to be sweet. Ali looked at her with doe eyes and started talking about some agent with a pimp-sounding name. Meanwhile, I reveled in the fact that I was here, in Breezewater, Georgia, with my family. I glanced at Momma, who barely touched her plate. She gave me a calm and collected smile. We were a family–we had our ups and downs, but we were together.
While the boys were soaked in suds cleaning the dishes, I walked outside on the porch with my mother. I looked over at her, noting the sagging skin and the dry lips. Her eyes were watery, glistening with tears, and I held her hand. 
She pulled me to her, enveloping me in a hug. The haze of the nearby town was still visible; the stars were brighter. “It’s not you, honey,” she whispered, pulling on a tug of my hair. She held me to her.
I felt her sigh and knew she was about to give me a piece of her heart. The revelation I’d hear could be catastrophic or life-changing. I hoped it would be about my baby, the girl in Brazil, where my failed adoption also took place. “What is it?”
The tears muffled her speech. I couldn’t hear what she said. “Momma, what is it?”
She turned and walked away for a moment. “I’m sorry. This is painful. Sometimes it’s hard being strong, you know?”
The faint light from the moon highlighted her skin. She was weaker than I imagined. She was still a buxom lady who’d had many meals, but she was weak. Weak. “Are you sick?”
“The naps, the eagerness to have all my babies together. Honey, I don’t want to spoil this vacation for you. You finally came back, and now I’m telling you because I need one of my kids to know. And you’re the one who’s been through this before.”
“Mom,” I complained sternly. “Spit it out.”
She stood a bit straighter before her lips quivered. “I have Stage IV cancer, Stacey Ann. I’m going to die. I’ve prayed about it, and I’m opting to die at home. The doctors gave me an ultimatum: Keep treating this or spend my last months at home. So I called my babies to town.” 
Then I was the one holding her. Deep down, we’re all broken; we’re no wiser than children. 

THERE WAS THE time after I said good-bye to Momma, Dad, and my brothers. I was heading to the University of Arizona in Tucson, where I received a scholarship and a fresh start from my baby-making days in Georgia. My mom stood on the porch, yelling at Dad that she should be going with me, because I was her little girl and she didn’t want to give me up.
In the end, I was the one who told her, “Mom, I have to grow up someday,” because I was barely eighteen, eager to run away. Now as a thirty-year-old woman, I see how vain and afraid I was as a teenager. I didn’t know squat.
And she let me go. She let Ali go; she let Michael go; she let Tristan go. And now I would have to let her go forever. The probability of her survival was slim to none. The cancer started out in her cervix. By the time it was treated, it spread.  
As I sat with her on the porch on that April day, a piece of my heart broke in half. This was a different type of broken heart. Like there are different types of that evil cancer, there are types of heartbreak. And this was worse than giving up my child, or Victor, or any man on the face of the earth. 
“You are going to grow old,” said Momma with dignity as she wept. “You survived ovarian cancer.”
“I’m scarred. I can’t have kids. God took away my baby, and he almost took away my life, but now he’s going to take yours?” I cried, the heaves blasting my lungs. 
“Don’t be upset, but have you ever considered that you’re on this road for a reason?” Momma held my hand. “Honey, you can’t blame God. He’s not responsible for our decisions, or our mistakes. He wants us to stand stronger, and He wants us to find the good in every situation. Something good comes from all that is messed up. Don’t you know that yet, Stacey? You’re an independent Monroe. You have sturdy bones and you’re beautiful. God’s given me sixty-four years on this earth. How can I complain? I can’t, not as long as my baby gets to live.”
And it was true. “My baby gets to live,” I repeated. My child was out there–alive and well. 
“You’re here for a reason, Stacey. Just like my death means something for a reason.”
“You can’t say that. You can live,” I cried, finally releasing the void in my soul. 
“Hush, baby. You can’t tell your brothers and sisters. Not yet. It pains me, but I can’t break this to them yet.”

THE NEXT MORNING I biked downtown, where I found Duke (not surprisingly) at the bookstore. He saw me, and his large brown eyes widened. “Miss Stacey!”
“Hi, Duke.”
Suddenly, a sturdy man popped out behind his son. “Stacey?” Julian asked, a familiar gleam in his eye.
Duke looked up and laughed. “This is my friend, Miss Stacey. She bought me a book, and I’m already half-way done with it.”
“Good job, scout,” said his father, who patted his back. “Hey, Duke, will you give me a few minutes with your friend? Go find another good one, okay, kid?”
“Hi,” I whispered.
He shyly smiled before touching my hand. He led me down one of the aisles, and before I knew it, his lips greedily met mine. I balled my hands in his shirt and he knocked over a few books with his shoulders. I pulled away, breathing hard. “Hi,” he whispered, before tugging on his shirt. “How are you? You smell nice. By the way, I’m going to pay you back.”
I was wearing yoga pants and a cheap shirt from a Texas bar. (Road trip with my friends. Rowdy, not.) “Really?” I laughed. “I can think of other ways you can pay me back. And your son is only, I don’t know, two aisles over?”
“Duke loves you,” he whispered into my ear. “He told me last night about his friend ‘Miss Stacey.’ Now maybe it wasn’t you,” he laughed, kissing the side of my neck. He leaned back a few inches. “Is this too fast?”
I shook my head. “Not with you, Julian. But if you want to get on my good side, I’d like to have you over for dinner.”
Julian hugged my waist. “Did I tell you how good you look?”
I snickered. “Nice try, slick.” I pushed him off me and said, “I’m only in this relationship to see Duke.”
“So I have to fight for your attention with my son, huh?” He looked at me. “Dinner, really? I’d like to meet your parents. You can show them the jerk who kisses you against bookshelves.” 
“I don’t want to make you do this. I’m only in town for a few days, and you know…What if this doesn’t work when I leave?”
Julian’s eyes gleamed. “If we want this to work, there’s nothing stopping us. I’m not lying to you; it will be hard going to dinner at your house. But that’s okay.” 
Duke rejoined us, and Julian backed away. Duke’s watery eyes were focused on his new book. “Look, Miss Stacey, I found this one on stars and constellations! Papy used to sit and stargaze with me. Do you like to stargaze?”
“Of course,” I enthused truthfully. “Summer nights are the perfect times to look up at the sky. I think my brother might still have his old telescope at my house.”
Duke jumped up and down. “Can I come, please? Please! I’ve never used a telescope. Mommy used to tell me stories about Andromeda and Cassiopeia and the ugly Medusa. But I never thought Medusa was ugly.”
“Is that so?”
He nodded, his smile infectious. “She was tricked. And people are tricked all the time, aren’t they? A girl at preschool tricks me for my candies all the time. And my teacher doesn’t do anything about it.”
“I think that is life,” I whispered dutifully, stooping to his level. “We can stargaze soon, okay, kid?”
“Yes!” he laughed. 
I looked up at his father and winked. I needed to find a killer dress, spray with nerves with confidence, and pretend that all would be okay. For some reason, it felt like the ides of March. 

THE HOUSE WAS quiet when I returned home. Lily was in the kitchen; I readily ignored her. Michael was nearby cooking eggs, and Tristan and Lola were giggling about something funny on their laptops. I found Momma at her rocking chair leafing through the book of Ezekiel.
“Suffering is the beginning. But there’s no suffering in heaven,” she assiduously said as I sat beside her, the smell of spring lingering in the sunroom. “What’s up, kid? You look like you’ve got a plan up your sleeve.”
I bit my lip. “I think I found someone.”
“What do you mean, kiddo? Do I get to plan a wedding sometime soon? It’ll be all fancy for my baby girl.”
I hadn’t exactly thought ahead. My mother had cancer; she wasn’t going to live forever. And here I was, unwed, and Ali was focusing on her modeling career. Momma had seen her son marry, and Tristan would probably be engaged to Lola tomorrow, but it isn’t the same. Momma wanted to plan a wedding; she wanted to be a doting mother who helped her daughter pick out the dream dress. And while I had been focusing on my desires, I had only been thinking of myself. “Momma,” I desperately whispered. 
“Don’t cry, baby,” she whispered. “Why you crying, anyhow?”
“I don’t want to lose you,” I said. 
“How can you lose me if I’m right here?” she asked. “Sweetheart, you can’t dwell on my sickness. I’m going to fight, just like you did. But the difference is that I’m not alone.”
I sat up, wiping the tears. “You need to tell the others.”
“I will,” she agreed. “I just don’t want to spoil anyone’s vacation.”
“They need to know.”
“They will,” she said, pushing me away. “Now, tell me who this man is.”
I sat straighter, but I was afraid she’d throw down my offer quickly. “Julian Martinex.” 
Confusion burst into a sense of straight-out paralysis. “Julian. The boy whom Ryan hates. The one who came out here a few days ago, that Ryan?” She could barely say the next sentence. “The one whose wife your father killed.”
I nodded. “That Julian.”
“Why in Zeus’s name are you bringing him out here? This would avoid a WW3 situation.”
“You’re all for giving people chances, Momma. Julian’s a great guy.”
Momma’s eyes widened. “Don’t tell me…you’ve already….fallen to desires? I know you’re a grown woman, but it’s easy to get those SDTs or whatever.”
“STDs?” I asked, before shaking my head and gasping in distaste. “No, Momma, no! I haven’t been with him, and I wouldn’t….I mean…I would, but I’ve only known him for three days.” My face flushed with color. “This isn’t coming out well.”
She placed her Bible on the nearby table. “Oh, honey. I’ve presumed you’ve already been   places and you need to know that it’s okay to be open about it with your momma. You know why I think things like STDs were created, Stace?”
“Why?”
“The Lord doesn’t favor our sin.”
“So you think my pregnancy was a result of premarital sex?” I asked in disbelief. 
“Honey, you don’t need to get defensive, but your baby is on this planet for a reason. And I’m one to talk, Stacey. STDs cause cancer.”
“What are you saying…”
She sighed heavily. “Hush, for one minute. What I’m trying to tell you is I was a promiscuous youngster. I…I had a liking for the boys. That’s why I was so forgiving of your situation, sweetie. I was you back in the heyday.”
“You were…like me?”
She nodded. “I was. I found a boy I really liked. It started with him. It was sweet, blissful. A first love. Then I met his brother.”
“Momma,” I said in complete disbelief.
“I had sex with his brother. He gave me HPV, which is nowadays easily curable. Back in that time, I didn’t have treatment…I was basically an anomaly, and I didn’t know what it was. I moved to Atlanta for a while and I was advised by doctors. I learned about my virus and thought I was cured. They said I was lucky. Well, it never went away, honey. It never went away. Maybe they killed it and it came back; maybe it never died. But I have my cancer because I was promiscuous.”
I held her tightly. I didn’t know this about her. The logical part of my brain argued against her words. It just wasn’t possible, was it? That this HPV had turned into cancer forty-something years later? Instead I listened and said, “How can you say that?”
“There is always judgment for sin, Stacey Ann.”
“It might not be from your promiscuity. You don’t know that. Don’t beat yourself up because of it. If you asked for forgiveness, then you’re okay, no?”
Momma dutifully nodded. “I have. Thousands of times. Your father waited for a woman, a strong woman whom he could love whole-heartedly. Then I come around, and I’m this washed-up hag from the county over, and a Fitzgerald to boot, and he married me.”
“No one’s perfect,” I consoled.
The door to the sunroom opened. Tristan appeared, a baseball cap turned slightly to make him look like a thug. Momma eagerly smacked with her Bible. “What in the Lord’s name are you trying to do, Tristan?”
He gulped. “Stace, there’s a lady on the front porch asking for you.”
“What do you mean?”
“She’s this hot blonde, and Lola’s gonna think I’m into her, which I’m not, mind you, but that’s beside the point. Anyway, she’s on the front porch, and Lily won’t let Michael get the door, and…”
I stood up, pushing him out of the side. With tight lips, I said, “Seriously? Who’s the man of this house?” I walked through the kitchen, passed Lola, who was listening to music and checking a digital manuscript on her laptop.
I pulled on a loose strand from my tank top and opened the door quickly, realizing my armpits were sweaty–awkward, I know, but still, give a girl a break. “Who is it?” I chirped, not bothering to look outside. First mistake.
A buxom girl with bleached, long hair, fake eyelashes, a lot of makeup, a huge, white-toothed smile (did I say, bux-om?) filed her fingernails. She looked up and immediately squealed like Elle Woods’s sorority friends in Legally Blonde before smashing me with her huge badonkadonks. “Stacey Ann Monroe! It’s been too long!”
She flashed through the front door, tugging a pink suitcase behind her. She teetered in her sparkling pumps, and she jubilantly gasped, “I’ve never been to the South! I thought I’d try my accent.” She cleared her throat and drawled with batting eyelashes, “Hi, y’all.” 
“Cassidy,” I breathed. “Cassidy Harris.” I was having a mini-attack, at the least arrhythmia, and I needed CPR in the next two nano-seconds or I’d die. “What…”
Cassidy’s bubbly personality foamed and threatened to destroy my chance of peace. Georgia quiet. A place away from the bustle of my job in Arizona. I hadn’t thought about editing in two days, and it was a nice feeling. Then the re-introduction of Cassidy seemed to be a beacon of fire that was headed straight for my heart. “Stacey Monroe! Where’s Lola? We have work to do!”
“What…you’re here?” My eyelids crinkled. “Can I ask why you’re here? At my house? In Georgia?” 
She started up the stairs. “Well, we have so much work to do, and when I found out that you were going to be gone for a week, I couldn’t bear it. I had to, you know, travel here. Work on my legs for cowboy boots. Yee-haw.”
“This isn’t Texas,” I replied quietly. “I think you’ve mixed up…”
“No, no. Uncle Johnny said it was perfect to come here. That you wouldn’t mind, and it would work out perfectly. Don’t tell me you’re, upset, is it?” Tears formed at the base of her eyes. She looked like she was about to cry, and I couldn’t do anything but pat her back and tell her it was okay.
“It’s fine. You can room with my sister, Ali. She’s really great, and, well, you guys would definitely be friends. Great friends probably.” Both with the focus span of a squirrel. 
She started whimpering for a few minutes, and as I awkwardly grimaced, with an occasional, “There, there,” Tristan and Lola walked in. Lola’s face fell. Tristan stared wide-mouthed at the blonde bombshell.
I tried to send mental daggers to both of them, to Lola because Cassidy meant our destruction, and Tristan, because I’d kill him if he looked twice at my client. However, he gripped Lola’s hand supportively, and my faith in men was restored for the present. 
“Cassidy?” Lola breathed, blowing black bangs from her eyes.
Cassidy tried to sniffle, but then she looked up and cried more. “I’m such a blubbering baby. I don’t know why I’m crying.”
Inside, I was bawling. Because now I had to churn out a semi-decent book for my boss’s niece, who happened to be a human Barbie, and also, I had to plan a semi-decent dinner for the man I was currently (kind of?) dating, who happened to hate my family’s (basically) adopted kid Ryan and my father…And…And…
My mind raced with thoughts of all I had to do. The compliant part of my mind eagerly set out the tasks before me. However, the Georgia girl who wanted to run out into the creek and swim stood rooted to the spot. What should I do? There were two options: I could tell the truth, or I could make a run for it. And while running is sometimes easier, it doesn’t mean it is right. Reesey would stand up for her beliefs; Candice would run. What would Stacey, the usually calm, normal spirit do?
Before I knew it, Lola and Tristan were rubbing my back, consoling me. “Stace, don’t cry.” Cassidy held me and I didn’t let go. The tears poured out onto her shirt, and within seconds, I was flat-out wailing like a demon cow. 
“Stacey,” Tristan said exasperatedly. “What is wrong with you?”
Michael and Lily came into the foyer, the latter fanning herself and her belly. “What is happening?”
“Get away,” I said, wiping the slobber from my lips. “I’m having a moment.”
“Who is this?” Lily asked skeptically, pointing to Cassidy, who was the only one comforting me at the moment.
“None of your business.”
Ali ambled in, her bikini sticky and tight against her skin. “Stacey? Mysterious lady?”
I stood straight, deciding to end my crying shenanigans. Cassidy looked at me. “You’re so beautiful, Stacey Monroe. You just needed to let those tears fly. Nothing wrong with that.” 
In that moment, Barbie became a prophet, a Brahmin, a soothsayer. Her eyes glazed over with intelligence and wisdom, and for the first time, I realized that things would be okay. Life is funny like that; there are the good moments–love, marriage, kids, that vacation home in Cabo–and the bad–death, divorce, realizing you’re not in love anymore. But life’s not about good or bad moments; it’s about how you conquer what’s thrown at you. Whatever you believe in leads up to that point. When you’re dealt with the playing cards, how do you react? Will you rise above the ground like a blooming flower, or wilt with the pain of the world? We’re all the same in a few ways. We aren’t meant to feel pain alone. Not alone. 
The family around me was staring with confusion and masked pity. There was Michael, who stood with an arm around his wife; Lily, who no doubt hated me for my crazy-woman antics; Tristan, a man in search of his own path; Lola, my lovely assistant who would find a way to make things work with my brother; Ali, in her own personal way a guiding light; and Cassidy, whom I didn’t know, but who allowed me to cry on her shoulder. I wasn’t alone. Hiding all of it–the cancer, my pregnancy at first, relationships–made no sense.  
“I must be about to start my period,” was the only thing I could think of to say. That made Tristan and Michael disappear in disgust, with Lily quickly trailing her husband. Lola stood beside me. 
“What are you doing here, Cassidy?”
Cassidy tilted her head. “I’m here to work on the book. But I don’t think you guys know about it…Murphy was supposed to call.” 
“Well he didn’t,” Lola said in her way of being stern. Then she shook her head and apologized. “That came out wrong. You okay, Stacey?”
“I’m fine,” I whispered. “Actually, no, I’m not. I need to find someone. Alison, can you help Cassidy take her things upstairs? I’ll be back in a few to work with you on the book, Cassidy.”
I went into the garage, pulled out the dusty bike, and rode. I passed the hydrangeas and the various orange and peach trees, and the hints of palmettos on the edges of the yards, my nose lingering in the scent of late-spring, early summer.
Then came the anger welled inside my chest: I threw the bike on the concrete at Reggie and Martha’s house. I knocked on the door with a thumping heart. Reggie opened, a frail old man, and said, “You’re back.”
“I need to see Victor. I need to talk to him, Reggie.”
A hint of a smile appeared on his wrinkled lips. “I thought you’d ask. Wait here.” A few minutes later, Reggie handed me a homemade cookie and a slip of paper with Victor’s number. “Martha’ll be home soon, honey, so you need to leave, but if you go to him, tell him we miss him.”
“He doesn’t visit?”
“Just like you. It pains him to walk down memory lane. It’s hard to come back, is it not? I don’t blame you guys. One step down a path no one else walks can cause more pain than expected.”
“Thank you, Reggie.” I said good-bye and walked back to the bike. I glanced down at the paper to see that Victor’s number wasn’t the only one on the note from Reggie; Julian’s was also labeled. Julian. A man I practically knew nothing about, yet a man whom I cared for.
I returned home and washed my face. I began preparing dinner with Momma’s help, and called Julian to make sure he was still coming to dinner. He said he was, but Duke would remain with his grandma. After an hour, I went upstairs to check on Cassidy, who had awakened from a nap and was applying more gloss to her lips.
“Want to work on your manuscript?”
Cassidy looked back, all dolled-up but pained. “Actually, your sister was telling me about a creek nearby. I wanted to check it out. Would you show me the place?” 
“Of course.” Truth be told, I was relieved. 
Cassidy changed into a tight tank top and yoga pants. “I met your mom. She’s so sweet. Told me I could stay forever.”
“That’s nice of her.”
“Where’d you go to, anyway?”
The slip of paper was safe in my pocket, but I touched it, just to make sure it was really there. “Eh, just to see an old friend.”
“Was he hot?” Cassidy tickled my sides like we were old pals.
“About forty years too old, and married.”
Cassidy laughed that part off. “Nothing you can’t handle.”
A funny way to put it; nothing I couldn’t handle. Well, actually, there was something I couldn’t handle. Once we walked outside into the humid, hot air, Ryan Taylor appeared on the patio. Cassidy eagerly fanned herself in his appearance. She wasn’t dressed in a tiny bikini like Alison, who was still tanning herself for Ryan’s affection.
Then there was Cassidy–a beautiful white girl, no doubt, with long, (probably fake) blonde hair, big blue eyes, and super short shorts. She was tall and skinny, with big boobs and a bigger personality. She wasn’t exactly Ryan’s type, but no man would be able to withstand a quick glance in Cass’s direction. As I suspected, Ryan shot me a bitter glare and then his full attention dawned on Cassidy like the first ray of sunshine after a rainstorm.
Ali sat up angrily, pulling off her sunglasses quickly. All the sweat on her tan body was for nothing. I stood by, afraid to get in the middle of the introduction between Cassidy Harris and Ryan Taylor, the latter who looked like he was ready to faint on spot. There was immediate attraction between us those few days ago, but the way he looked at Cassidy was purely carnal. Disgusting. 
“Who’s this pretty girl?” he asked, fanning himself quickly, drinking a sip of water from a canteen. He looked at me expectantly, and I wanted to punch him in the gut.
“This is my client Cassidy.”
“Client, huh?” Ryan asked. He offered his hand, and Cassidy ditzily laughed, throwing her bleached hair over her shoulders.
“Stacey’s helping me with my book.” She batted her eyelashes.
“Well, I was about to go check out the front garden. Would you like to join me, Cassidy?”
“Of course,” she said, biting her lip, her blue eyes wide. She laughed as he offered his arm, and she turned around quickly to wink at me. I waved half-heartedly before turning to my big sister.
She stood up, lean and beautiful, too. “I spent the whole damn afternoon out here, reading some magazine about pets and stuff. You know I’m hypoallergetic!”
“Do you mean hypoallergenic?”
She stomped her manicured foot. “Oh, whatever! And here’s the thing, little sis.” She pulled me close to her, almost knocking me off balance. “She looks familiar to me.”
“What do you mean?”
“I’ve seen her before. I just can’t place her.”
“Hefner’s mansion?”
“What I’d pay to be there. My career would really take off there…”
“Alison!”
“What?” she asked nonchalantly. “I’m just sayin’.”
I placed my forehead in my palm. “Ali, I gotta go inside, and cook, and rewrite Cassidy’s entire freakin’ manuscript, and…and, just, ugh! I wish I could sit outside for an afternoon tanning and reading magazines about…” I looked down at the magazine, before nodding quickly. “About shih tzus.”
I went back inside the house, passing Momma, who was eagerly working on an apple pie. “There’s a boy on the phone,” she said, handing me the receiver. 
“You were talking to him this whole time?”
She nodded like nothing was amiss. “Julian. He sounds so sweet, honey. He said he’s bringing meringue pie, and we were exchanging recipes, ha ha!”
I took the phone into the hallway before hiding in the coat closet under the stairs. I fell against the wall, my back happy from relief of the pressure. Stress brought heavy back pain. “Julian?”
“Hi,” he said happily. “Your mom said I could come around six. How you holding up? Is Ryan there?”
“Ryan’s here.”
“Is there a way you can kick him out? I’d rather not be at this dinner with him present.”
“I’ll try my best.”
“You okay, Stacey?”
“Oh, I’m fine. Just sleepy, I guess.” On cue, I yawned. I remembered the slip of paper then.
“Oh, goodness. I gotta drop Duke off soon. I’ll see you at six.” He hung up after a quick good-bye
I reached for Victor’s number in my pocket. With shaking hands, I dialed his cell number. I wasn’t sure if he’d answer. If he did, what would I say? ‘Hi, Victor, I haven’t spoken to you in almost fifteen years, but I wanted to know if you’d come with me to São Paulo to see our daughter?’ Not exactly memorable words to say to my teenage boyfriend.
I gulped, my hands becoming sweatier and meatier by the moment. I almost hung up the phone when I heard the click of receiver, and a raspy voice said, “Victor Johnson.” His voice. The boy wasn’t a boy anymore. He  grew up. And with a heavy sigh, I realized I needed to talk, or he’d hang up for sure.
“It’s…it’s Stacey,” I croaked, putting my knees up protectively in front of me. The same position when I discovered I was pregnant with our baby girl. A position of fear. A position where I made decisions, but a position that didn’t make life easier.
Victor didn’t respond for a few good seconds. I heard his labored breathing, the sound of him sitting in a sofa possibly. I heard a woman’s voice in the background, and he said, “Honey, this is important. I’ll be there in a few.” Finally, he cleared his throat and said, “Stace? Is that you?”
A tear slivered down my cheek. Out there, outside of this coat closet, outside of Georgia, outside of the country, was our little girl, a person who was half of Victor, half of me. “It is.”
“It is really you.”
“It is.”
Another pause. I expected it to be this way. Fright, confusion, memory. “You sound different, Stace. I heard many things about you through Reggie, but I didn’t want to bother you.”
“I understand,” I whispered, though I didn’t, not really. There were many times where I could have sought his presence, his voice, but I didn’t. And there were times where he could have called. But he didn’t. 
“You…you’re okay?”
“I’m okay.”
“Stop lying for once, Stacey. I’m still your friend, you know that, right?”
“Of course,” I whispered meekly.
“And I can tell that you’re trying to be strong, but you don’t have to always do things alone.”
“I called because you’re looking for her.”
I sensed his hesitance on the subject. He breathed, “Stacey, I’m married now. I have two children under the age of four, and I’m torn thin. I don’t have time to find our girl, no matter how much it breaks my heart to think that she is a teenager now. She’s almost to the age when we had her. Four years out.”
“You’re not going to find her, you mean.”
“Not right now. Think about her parents. They’re trying to raise our girl, and…”
I wiped my eyes. “I know it sounds selfish, but I need to see her, Victor. She is mine, and I…I think she needs to know about us.”
“Listen to you, Stace.”
“So why did you start searching for her then?” The animosity wasn’t meant to be in my voice. But it was. “You love her, don’t pretend you don’t care.”
Victor’s voice was void of emotion, but he was a bad liar. He cared. “My wife wanted me to search. So I paid the agency to track her down.”
“And you’re that much of a complete fool, huh?”
“She has a good life. Her parents sent me a picture of her…”
“And you don’t even bother to send me a picture of my daughter? What is wrong with you?” I angrily spat. “What the hell is wrong with you, Victor?”
Victor was taken aback. “You’re over in Arizona, Stacey. You’re not exactly looking for her, either. I tried; you didn’t.”
“I’m going to ask you one favor, and then I’ll stay away from you forever,” I seethed. “Give me her address in São Paulo, the number of her parents, anything. Do it for me, Victor.” I hung up before he could answer, and I cried until I felt the blood on my tongue.

Chapter Ten


I DECIDED AFTER my bout of self-pity that I needed to get a check-up once I got back to Atlanta. The blood was not related to cancer; I was always prone to nosebleeds, and I bit my tongue a lot. However, I knew that it was my duty to those I loved to check up on my body. I made the appointment diligently upon returning to my bedroom. 
I went into the bathroom, placed a flower headband in my cropped amber hair, and applied fresh makeup. Makeup was a given in Arizona, but here it was not needed as much. In Arizona I was in heels and expensive dresses; here, the outfit of choice was shorts with tank tops. For tonight’s dinner, I slipped on a long, flowing skirt. I applied gloss to my lips and added a necklace Reesey had given me for a past birthday.  I twisted the diamond studs in my ears nervously. This dinner would be a game-changer.
I went downstairs to help Momma cook the lasagna. I took the salad bowl to the table, along with the bread, assortments of dressings, mashed potatoes, leftover slices of ham, and various fruits. I stuck a strawberry in my mouth and heard the doorbell. 
I went to the door to see Julian. I was momentarily swayed by his rugged beauty. He stood menacingly strong and pulled me in for a kiss on the cheek. “You look very beautiful tonight, Stacey.”
I nodded quickly. “Thanks. You look dapper yourself.”
He shut the door behind him. He was wearing dress slacks and a designer polo, and he smelled vaguely of cologne. The right amount, though, not too much. He slipped his hand in mine and planted a kiss on my ear. “You know, we need to have a date night. The two of us. Tomorrow, maybe?”
“Usually you have date nights, and then dinners with the family,” I pointed out.
He suggestively pulled on my shirt. “Well, we’re not usual people, are we?”
“I think it’s best if we don’t pretend we’re all sappy about each other. Who says we are, right?” I asked.
There was no detection of hurt in his eyes. He nodded in agreement. “Good idea. You just invited me over for your mother’s fancy lasagna.” I noticed that he made no mention that this was the house of my father. He hadn’t mentioned his wife’s death to me directly yet, and here he was. Ready to go, Bonnie?”
“Of course, Clyde. And I’m thinking of that song by Beyoncé and Jay Z.”
He placed his hand around my waist, and I pushed him off with a peal of laughter. We went into the kitchen, where Ali was wearing glasses and reading the internet with the look of Sherlock Holmes. “Alison?”
Ali looked up, ignoring Julian completely. “Leave me alone. I’m on a mission.”
Momma turned around, in a new, swingy dress. “Why, if it isn’t the most handsome boy around here! Come here, Julian Martinex. Did you bring those recipes, boy?” 
He placed the meringue pie on the island as he reached out to her for a big hug. “Of course I did. In the pie carrier. Momma Gloria, you look mighty pretty, if I don’t say so.”
She swatted him with her oven gloves. “I’m far too old for you, idiot. Stacey, I’ve got this boy. Can you go get the others? Tell them dinner is ready.” It dawned on me suddenly: They knew each other. Julian did go to my mother’s church.
“Of course.” I nodded, winking at Julian, who licked his lips readily.
I went into the bedroom, where I found Dad on his laptop. “Whatcha working on, Pop?”
He looked up, placing his own reading glasses on the bedside table. “Business stuff. Is your mom ready for dinner?”
I nodded. “You okay? I just wanted to tell you we have a visitor…”
He nodded. “Swell.”
I turned around, perplexed by his mood. I went outside to see Lola, Michael, and Tristan clowning with each other. I turned to Lola. She looked at me and nodded. “So, Cassidy.”
“You had no clue?” I asked.
“None. We probably should pop out the alcohol soon, huh?”
The humidity was momentarily distracting; I didn’t think it was possible to feel ready for a nap after standing in the air for less than a minute. “It’s not your fault, Lola. Don’t think I’m berating you. I’m just…”
Lola nodded in agreement. “Yeah. Scared. Why would Cassidy show up out of the blue here? How would she know…”
I shook my head. “I came here to forget about work.”
“We still have a few days, Stacey. If we can slow Cassidy, show her around, go kayaking, whatever, and then we can definitely postpone the book’s release dates.”
I folded my arms. “You’re right. Ready for dinner?”
We went inside, back into the cool air conditioning, where Lily was already huffing and puffing at the dinner table. Michael doted over her, bringing a glass of sweet tea and a warm rag to dull the heat flashes she was going through. I ignored the pangs of jealousy in favor of helping Momma with the dishes. Julian was helping her dutifully, already wearing Dad’s apron and handling the green beans. He winked at me, and I smiled. There was no getting around it: I could see myself loving him. However, I wasn’t sure I believed in the full, ‘I’m in love, I’m so in love!’ act, except through couples like my parents and Reggie and Martha, and the cemetery worker, Mr. Shepherd, and his wife.
We sat down at the dinner table fifteen minutes later. There was laughter and cheer, introductions between my siblings and Julian. I thought Tristan would be offended that Julian was near, but he was laughing and joking about Julian’s favorite football team. When Dad walked in, skepticism crossed his face.
He sat down at the head of the table, and Mom chided him quickly. “He’s just as much of a guest as Ryan is.” She made no mention of, Hey, here’s the husband of the lady you killed!
We prayed, but there was no sign of Cassidy or Ryan. The table was crowded with all the people we were feeding, but two spots still remained unoccupied. I sat across from Julian and beside Ali, who was flirting with him like there was no tomorrow. “You know, Julian, I don’t see a ring.”
I dug into my healthy lasagna. The food was spectacular, and I couldn’t wait to taste Julian’s meringue pie. He was happily melting in with my crazy family. Even Lily was talking to him, and Dad finally resolved that Julian was a pretty good guy. He didn’t look at Julian though, refusing to see the pain he’d caused.
After I had finished my first plate of lasagna, I heard the back door open, and in bustled Cassidy and Ryan. Cassidy was out of breath, but she giggled and said, “Sorry, we’re late!” Without a thought, she sat beside me and said, “He’s a charmer!”
A charmer, who, a day ago, almost had sex with me. Ryan stood straight as a rail, and I watched as Julian smirked and took a bite of pasta. Their eye contact was like watching two cobras fighting over territory. I thought Ryan would protest Julian’s presence, but he sat beside Cassidy quickly.
The silence that replaced the banter was temporary. It was Lola who complimented Cassidy, which started the new family topic on Cassidy herself. She was a former model from LA. Her dad and mom had divorced when she was a baby. Her uncle owned a publishing company, and she wanted to write a book.
I tuned out and found Julian’s gaze. He winked casually. I bit my lip in response. He wasn’t handsome in the traditional sense. He had a different feel about him, a masculine energy that hid a lot of emotion. But I saw it in his eyes. He wanted revenge. There was nothing saying that I wanted to fall head over heels in love with him. I wasn’t sure if I’d still talk to him once I went to Arizona. But for the time being, I was content winking at him like we were youngsters. 
Finally, the tension was unbearable. Ryan had barely eaten anything, and then I saw his hands quiver. “So, Julian? You decided to crash the party?”
I looked up, ready for a fight. Julian, surprisingly, was calm and cool. Cassidy sat between Ryan and me, and she looked at me with fright. She leaned into me and whispered, “What is with them?” 
“Bad blood.”
Julian held Momma’s hand. “Why, Stacey invited me to dinner. She’s very sweet, and I thought it would be a good opportunity to cook with Mrs. Gloria. We’re actually exchanging recipes.”
Ryan laughed. “Stacey? Do you not listen to anything?”
I sat straight in my chair. Ali held my hand under the chair. “What is that supposed to mean?” I asked. 
“I thought it was very clear that…”
“That what?” Dad asked sharply across the table. He was in a sour mood, I noticed. I wonder why.
Ryan looked like he had been slapped. “That Julian isn’t a friend.”
Momma squeezed Julian’s hand until it turned blue. “Ryan Taylor, that is the rudest thing you can ever say. We are supposed to treat everyone kindly. If this is about jealousy over Stacey, or whatever, you need to get over yourself. Until you do, you’re not welcome here. I won’t have sass in my house.”
He looked like he had been shot. “But…”
“No. Finish your dinner and go.”
Ryan stood up and threw his napkin on his plate. “Wow, Gloria. For all I’ve done for you. Wow.” Then he turned and snarled at Julian. “There’s a reason Patsey chose me over you, buddy.”
After he made a show of leaving, the table was void of all sound. There was no speaking, no mention of anything, until Dad stood up and disappeared. Tristan and Lola stood up to bring the pies to the table, and Michael patted Lily’s belly. Cassidy was unmoving.
Finally, I stood up and decided to clear the table, since no one was eating anymore. Julian followed me into the kitchen, and he braced his arm around my shoulder. “Revenge is sweet, isn’t it?”
I started to soak the dirty dishes in suds of soap. “Don’t let it get to your head. What he said to you was cruel.”
“She did choose him, eventually, Stace. Doesn’t mean I don’t love her, but she chose him.” He cleared his throat. “Want to go on a stroll under the stars tonight?”
“Seriously?” I asked, pushing his chest. “I’m normally a very calm person.”
“Well, do you?” He leaned against the counter.
“Can you promise me we’ll talk about normal stuff? Like the fact that we’ve kissed before knowing anything about each other?”
“You know plenty about me. More than most, Stacey.”
I rolled my eyes, and he playfully pulled me to him. “You think I’m joking?”
“A little,” I honestly said, enjoying his strength. “Macho man.”
Julian laughed, whispering in my ear, “I’m not joking, Stacey. And yeah, we can do the whole soppy kind of date.”
“So you’re classifying us? We’ve known each other for, huh, two days?”
Julian’s eyebrows furrowed handsomely. “Well, they still have arranged marriages, and you’re complaining, why?”
“How does Duke put up with you?”
“Good question. Now, come try some of my meringue pie, and I’ll take you on that walk. Where we can be all romantic and, ‘Oh, I love you so much, honey bear!’” His voice raised its timbre, and I slapped his chest in laughter. I had never seen the clown part of him, only his stubborn side.
We ate meringue pie as the clever sayings began to come back to the table, mostly because Tristan was delighting everyone with his lame jokes, which only made my eyes roll. Ali was batting her eyelashes to impress Julian, who seemed equally charmed and confused by my boisterous family. 
After clearing the table again, Momma pulled me aside quietly. “Stacey, I want you to know that Julian is absolutely welcome here, but it is hard for your father…”
Precisely at that moment, Julian walked up and smiled. “It’s getting pretty dark outside, Stace. Want to go out?”
I looked back at Momma. “I’ll talk with you later, okay?”
She nodded. “Of course.”
“Wait a second,” Julian said, moving closer to the dirty dishes. “Let me do the dishes while you ladies sit down. Mrs. Gloria, you have any stories to keep me company?”
There was nothing to make me happier than him offering to do the dishes. Cassidy walked into the room, her eyes glazed over. I pulled her out on the porch. “You okay?”
Cassidy wiped her eyes quickly, pulling me into her now famous-love hugs. “No, it’s not.”
“What, Cassidy?”
“I didn’t know that I would be invading your privacy, and your family dinners, and then…Ryan, he swept me off my feet.” She looked up into the stars, a look of utter love lining her pupils. “And then…the whole thing with Ryan. I’m going to pack up my stuff, and I’ll be out of here by tonight.”
“Nonsense,” I said quickly, “nonsense. You’re not going anywhere, Cassidy. You are welcome here as much as I am. You aren’t leaving.”
“Really?”
“I mean it. You aren’t going anywhere. We’re going to work on your book, and we’ll figure a way to make sure all of this goes according to plan. We’ve got stuff to do, don’t we?” I tried teasing with her, but her sadness was a little infectious. Who knew that Cassidy, a poster-girl for blonde bubbliness, could be so…upset over something so trivial? She wasn’t mad over a broken nail, but an actual, awkward problem. She was upset, and it broke my heart. I might have been turning into a softy, but I had real feelings. Feelings I couldn’t ignore. Cassidy and I barely knew each other, but I had a feeling I’d be getting to know her better over the course of the upcoming few days.
Cassidy held me for a few minutes before finally backing away. “I need to go apologize to your mom. We’ve talked a little, but not enough to truly bond. See you later,” she said with a blow-kiss. 
“Okay.” I was a little surprised by her complete, 180 degree change of emotions, but she was fine now. And it meant that I could stay here, and she could be over there, and then I’d get to go on the walk with a boy I really wanted to get to know better. “Well, I think Ali mentioned something about going to the beach tomorrow. Want to go? It’ll be a blast.”
Cassidy grabbed my hands and giggled. “Sounds perfect. I have this new suit I really want to wear anyway. You truly are the best, Stacey Monroe!”
She rushed inside, and I was able to be alone. Outside. For a few seconds of respite. And then Julian came into view, his amber eyes arousing a sense of longing in my soul. I wasn’t sure if you’d call it love, or anything like that, but his eyes definitely told me some things. For starters, Julian was beautiful. He made me jealous in every way, because I wasn’t sure a man would ever feel that way about me. And he was intelligent, clever, cunning. He was brilliantly deceptive. And his son. He had seen more life than I ever had. He could charm an entire crowd of people. I, meanwhile, was stuck being a frog who hadn’t found her prince. Or a princess who hadn’t found her frog. (I can’t exactly remember the fairytale.)
“Stace,” he whispered kindly. He touched my arm and it was evident that he did like me. “Your mom told me that your brothers and dad built a treehouse out near Thims Creek. Would you do me the honor?” Like a perfect gentleman, he bowed and I took his arm.
“Of course,” I stately said. I rested my head against his shoulder. “Must’ve been hard seeing Ryan.” And my father.
“I thought we were only talking about us, Stacey. Not about Ryan, or anything else. You and me. Our personal likes and dislikes, our favorite restaurants. Your favorite place to shop. Let me ask you the questions. Answer me, Stace.”
I kicked off my sandals and allowed the grass to tickle my feet. The sun completely disappeared behind the trees, and darkness was settling in. I especially loved nighttime, when the stars came out and the moon meant the presence of werewolves. Plus it was the time when angels did their magic, guarding kids and protecting lives. That’s what I liked to believe. And tonight, it meant the chance to personally connect with Julian Martinex in a way I hadn’t been able to do before. It was better than my childhood Christmases. I guess that’s what a guy can do to you.
Julian wrapped his arm around my shoulder, enclosing me to him. “Well, you’re a book editor. So what’s your favorite book?”
“Tough one,” I acknowledged truthfully. “I have so many.”
“Don’t tell me it’s some kind of feminist book I’ve never heard of.”
“No, I’m not a feminist.”
‘You’re not?”
My mouth fell open a sliver. “No, but you think I would be?”
“Of course,” he said. “You seem to be one of ‘those’ people.”
I swatted his bicep. “Just because I live in Arizona doesn’t mean I let my hair grow out and smoke weed, and drink teas stuffed with syphilis. Wait, that makes absolutely no sense.”
He laughed, and I joined in with him. “Maybe that’s Colorado.”
“Every person I know from Colorado doesn’t know what weed is.”
 “You never answered the question, Stacey.”
“Ah, right.” I thought for a moment. I knew the answer in my heart, but it was still a little embarrassing to admit. “Well, I’d have to say the Bible.”
His mouth fell completely open, and he stopped. “But…you’re not a Christian?”
I nodded. “I know I’m not. But that book is the best thing I’ve ever read. It all adds up perfectly. Every single snippet contains something important. I can’t deny that.”
He was about to say more, but finally he closed his mouth. “Well, then, what’s your second-favorite book?”
“Anything by Dostoevsky. But to answer your question, Julian, I’d say Crime and Punishment.”
“Hardcore, huh? I liked Raskolnikov’s best friend, Razumihin.”
“You’ve read it?” At this, I was gobstopped.
“And you’re offended because?”
“Well, it’s not a usual occurrence that I find a handsome man who has the same taste in novels as me.”
Julian snickered. He stepped a few feet ahead and twirled me in a circle. “I wouldn’t say I have the same taste. You’re probably all over those stupid chick books.”
I shook my head in obstinacy. “Of course my friends are all into that, but I’m more of a realist.” 
His eyes, mixed with power and humor, flickered in the darkness. “Really? ‘A realist,’ huh? Well, I always buy Paula Deen’s cookbooks.”
“Sure, sure you do.”
“Favorite song?”
I bit my lip in thought. “Hmm, I’m not sure on that one.”
“Artist?”
“I like alternative,” I said. The humidity was still strong even with the cool of night. I slapped my arm a few times in fear of insects.
“So no black rappers for you?”
“Really?” I laughed. “No, I’m more into Eminem. No, Julian, I like music that makes me think. It makes me challenge things.” 
“Of course you’d say something like that. Realism.”
After we made it across the field, we entered the woodsy forest. It wasn’t a supreme, fairyesque moment, because, well it was a forest in the middle of the night–full of creatures and prickly branches. However, I wasn’t looking for a picture-perfect moment. I watched Julian in the absence of the light; his confidence was strong, and he didn’t mind me watching. 
“If this were anywhere else, I’d be afraid of being chilly.”
“It is April in Georgia.”
A light breeze caught us as we entered the trail. “April is actually my favorite month.”
“Breezes in April,” he said confidently. “Yeah, mine, too.”
“I like how everything is blooming, the flowers, and there’s all this new life. Babies everywhere, I guess.” At this, he laughed impetuously. “And the impending summer. You can taste it on your skin, on your lips. It’s the beginning of a new chapter.” Finally, realizing he was walking a few steps ahead of me, I asked, “Why do you?”
“Why do I what?”
“Why do you like April?”
He stopped and licked his lips quickly. His eyes looked up into the moonlight, and I caught a glimpse of the real Julian, under that tough façade. Instead of anything snarky, his voice was highlighted by a stoop of self-confidence. He was finally opening up. “It’s the month I met you.”
He turned away, heading down the trail. I was stock-still, afraid of his answer. Finally, the gumption returned and I followed him. “When’s Duke’s birthday?”
“June 7th. Thinking about sending him a card?”
“Nah,” I said, regaining my position at his side. “I’m going to get him something really nifty.”
“‘Nifty?’”
“Yeah,” I said, closing my lips together. “You are a tough cookie to crack open. You know that, right?”
We were at the tree house. The creek was babbling nearby. He unbuttoned his shirt and whipped it off. “It’s too hot,” he explained, and his black skin glistened under the white cotton of his undershirt. My mouth watered at the fine specimen of a man before me. Without warning, he went into the creek.
My eyebrows furrowed. I folded my arms and watched as he allowed the water to lap against his muscled form. He closed his eyes, letting the world go. Finally, he went under and I breathed for a few moments. Part of me wanted to jump in with him because of the muggy night, but the other part said, “You’re Stacey Monroe, and you don’t do eight o’clock creek wading anymore. Remember the last time that happened.”
When his amber eyes locked with mine, I jumped. “You saw a ghost? Come on, get in.”
“What are you talking about? I’m in a skirt. And I’m wearing makeup. And…”
“Stop making excuses. I’m in here in my nice pants, Stace. Come on. We may not be sixteen, but we’re still allowed to be brash. Get in. Don’t make me force you here.”
“Fine,” I muttered. I threw off my skirt and blouse. It wasn’t in any way sexual. The insects and chirping of nighttime critters wouldn’t make this a sexual affair. However, when I went into that water, allowing the cold to churn my skin with the intensity of pain, and I felt Julian reach for my waist, I knew.
Sometimes we get these jolts of electricity. We know things. Maybe we feel it from our subconscious or whatever. Those times where people fall in love are pretty strong. I had felt love before, but this was different. With my previous relationships, including Roger Nash and Jerome Wilson, there was always carnal lust. And now, perched on a rock in the middle of a brook with Julian Martinex, I had a feeling. That if I allowed myself–and it would be hard not to–I could fall understandably emotionally and indefinitely in love with him. It would be a feeling that could not be dulled, a feeling that could not be replaced, but a feeling that would simply be a part of me for the rest of my days. And I wanted to be with him.
I squealed as his fingers caressed my bare skin. I slapped his chest. “If you get my hair wet, I’ll kill you.”
“I’m just going to tickle you until you tell me your mother’s lasagna recipe. That was too good.” 
The current was not forceful. I could allow myself to go down the brook, but for the moment, with Julian’s arms around me, I was convinced to stay here. The relief was beautiful. The muggy air, combated by water and the breezes of the late night, was now a distant memory.
“I’m not much of a cook, kid.”
Julian and I pulled on each other for a while. I tackled him in the water, but finally, we stood up and went to put our clothes back on. “We can’t go back half-naked in front of your momma. I mean, she did used to be my pastor’s wife,” he giddily teased.
I rolled my eyes. “You know, I guess that means you’re kinda going after the pastor’s daughter.”
Without hesitation, the flame in his eyes caught both of us on fire. He arched my back and pressed his lips against mine. It was not desperate–there was no desperation between us–but it was electrifying. The water from our skin melted with our lips. He tasted faintly of my mother’s lasagna, water, and flowers. His touch mixed with my skin, and I held him close to me. Finally, he drew back and shook his head. “I’m not going to do this. Not here. I wish…”
I nodded, my eyes wide. “It…wouldn’t be appropriate, not that…”
Julian awkwardly tensed. He took my hand in his. “Look,” he said, his eyes clouding over. “I really like you, but…but what happens when you go back to Arizona? I can’t let you into my life, into my son’s life, just for you to abandon both of us.”
The sharpness of his voice revealed that moody Julian was back. I cowered, hurt and pained by his words. “You think I would do that?” I let go of his hand. “Why are you pushing me away? I’m here, Julian. I know you can’t see that, but I’m here. I wasn’t–will not be–planning on going anywhere!”
Julian closed his eyelids. 
The anger in me was roared back to life. “You think I’m just going to cheat on you like she did, Julian, but that’s not who I am! And if you think that’s what I’ll do, I don’t know what to tell you. You’ve got to get it out of your head that I’m Patsey. This is Stacey!” I grabbed his hand and placed it on my heart. “I’m Stacey.” I grabbed my shirt and skirt, and absently left through the brush of the forest.
I went back to the house, where outside, Lola and Tristan were stargazing. I looked at their happiness, and a wave of jealousy pounded my stomach. I hid in the shadows, not wishing to see them. I sneaked into the house, took the stairs quietly, avoiding all human contact. I didn’t want them to see my washed-up makeup, the tears in my eyes, or me at all. I went into my room, changed into my pajamas, and examined myself in the mirror. It was already happening. I was falling head over heels, without a doubt, ignorantly in love with a man who didn’t want me to leave.
Without second thoughts, I went back downstairs, peeked outside to see his truck still on the gravel road, and went to it. He wasn’t there, so he was probably saying a quick thanks to Momma. I leaned against his car door. Well, Reesey’s list did include “Drives a truck” as a rule for suitors.
A few bug bites later, Julian appeared, his shirt buttoned, but the evidence of a cool bath still evident on his skin. Once he made eye contact with me, he stomped across the grass. Probably to grant Momma’s wishes, the sprinklers started going off. Water covered us both as I waited for him by his truck. The look of determination melted with my own gaze. A knowing grin spread on my lips as he kissed me again.
This time, he leaned me over, and swung me around, all in the same rhythmic beat of our kiss. I allowed him to hold me, to pick me up, and when he finally let go, he said, “Damn it, if we could only do it right now.”
“On your pastor’s lawn?” I grinned, adopting his wink. “I’m guessing you’re apologizing for being a jerkwad to me.”
“Apology accepted?” His eyes widened. “And, by the way, that wasn’t what I meant. Although I wouldn’t mind making love to you right here, right now.”
“Of course. I’m not going anywhere,” I said. “Unless you really screw things up. Got it?”
He nuzzled his head against mine for a moment, before abruptly jumping into his truck. “I’m working on my Eminem songs, okay? You never did tell me your favorite band.”
“Art of Noise.”
“Nice PJs Stace.”
“Goodnight,” I said. I watched him drive away, his truck snaking through the gravel road. I knew God had sent me home.

Chapter Eleven


I RETREATED INTO the house, shutting the front door behind me with a look of adoration on my face. Momma came to the tiny foyer, her buxom tatas free from any form of a bra. “So, did you like the added effect of sprinklers? That was Michael, by the way.”
I hugged her jubilantly. “What if I told you that I’m falling in love? I’m not in love, but I’m currently flying. Soaring is a better term, actually.”
Momma held me tightly, but I heard the fear in her voice. “It’s okay to soar, baby. It’s just the landing that can be a little rocky. I want my little girl to be protected, and I don’t want you to crash from going too fast, or too hard. You’re a strong pilot, but sometimes you gotta let Someone else do the flying.”
“Thanks, Momma. I’m here for you, you know.”
She breathed heavily on my shoulder. “I know you are, baby. And it helps me. I’m going to tell them tomorrow, after the beach trip. Are you going to invite Julian? And why was he wet, honey? On second thought, you’re a little wet yourself…”
Oh, man. Still outrunning the mother’s grip at thirty. “Maybe a day apart will do us good.”
“Go get some sleep. It’s been a long day.”
Yes, it had. I went back upstairs, slipped into the bathroom to brush my teeth, and that was when Ali assailed me and locked the door behind her. Her eyes were big and doe-like, and whatever she needed to tell me was important, well, to her. 
I spat out the toothpaste in my mouth and looked back up. “Uh, Ali?”
She spoke in hushed whispers. “You won’t believe it, Stacey! I knew I recognized her.”
“What are you talking about?”
Ali’s mouth foamed. “Cassidy.”
“What about her?”
Ali pulled out an envelope from her chest (yes, I know). She opened it with a quick flick of the wrist and handed me a photo from a modeling agency in LA. A picture of an identical Cassidy stared before me. She had long, brown hair and those blue eyes, but she was somewhat plain in the photo. I looked up at Ali. “This can’t be her. Have you seen Cassidy?”
“I worked with this girl once,” Ali stated precisely. “Her name is Sarah, not Cassidy. This girl is five-ten. How tall do you think Cassidy is?”
“Five-ten for sure. But it’s not Cassidy.”
“I’ve worked with Sarah, or Cassidy, whatever her name is, sister. She also works as an actress.”
“Don’t they all?” I bluntly whispered. “Ali, I’m really tired.”
Ali blocked the door with her skinny arm. “Agree that it is a possibility, sister. Or I will…I’ll tell Julian about sixth grade.” 
“Sixth grade?” I asked with confusion.
“The kissing episode? Oh, whatever. Just agree that it’s a possibility that Cassidy is Sarah, or Sarah is Cassidy, whichever.”
“Fine, it’s a possibility.”
Ali didn’t back down. “Agree with gusto.”
“Fine, it’s a possibility!”
“Gosh, sister, I don’t appreciate your sass. Okay, good night.” She squeezed me to death and disappeared down the hallway.

WHEN I AWOKE the next morning, Cassidy was sleeping soundly beside me. In my bed. Using my childhood pillow. I yelled, and her eyelids fluttered open. She shot up like a rocket and grabbed her heart. “Golly, Stacey!”
“What…why are you here?” I wiped the slobber from my lips. Although my hair was super short, I knew it was hanging out in tufts across my head. If Julian were here, I’d be embarrassed to death. However I wanted Cassidy to smell my disgusting breath so she’d get up and go.
“I was supposed to sleep in the guest room down the hall, but Lola was using it. The door was locked when I tried to go inside. Then your sister, God bless her soul, attacked me in the hallway, telling me things about some girl named ‘Sarah.’”
I wiped the sleep from my eyes and fell back on my pillow. “Oh.”
Cassidy fell back too, landing beside me as we both looked up at the ceiling. “She said I was an imposter. Said I was pretending to be Cassidy, which is me, hello! She thinks I’m some model from LA. I am from LA, and I have done modeling, but this is Cassidy Harris here. And so, I tried to push her off, and I wasn’t going to sleep with her, or your brothers and that pregnant lady, so I came here. I hope you don’t mind. Even the couch downstairs was taken.”
“By whom?”
She shook her head, her blonde hair fanning across the pillows and of course, into my mouth. “Your dad. He didn’t see me, though.”
“Nothing juicy ever happens in Arizona. I need eggs, stat.”
Cassidy sat up. “I’ll go make you some, Stacey. I’m a pro at cooking. Least I can do.” She rushed out of my room.
I picked up my body with a lack of any energy whatsoever. Food sounded awesome, but the idea that Ali had attacked Cassidy made me question everything. Ali was crazy, yes, but she wouldn’t do something like that without conviction. And Cassidy was acting like herself, the Cassidy I knew, but if she were an actress like Ali proclaimed, then it would be second nature. Maybe this girl didn’t exist at all. If she truly were Sarah, then, I needed to snoop. I couldn’t flat-out ask her about it. She was my “client.” But if I went through some of her belongings, like her phone or purse, maybe I’d find a driver’s license. Anything.
I went to the bathroom, fighting my inner brain. If I did this, I would be doing something pretty low. It meant I didn’t trust Cassidy, and if she found out, I could lose everything. But if she were lying anyway, why would it matter? Why would it matter if Cassidy were actually Sarah? Steinbeck would know his own niece, wouldn’t he?
The desire to know temporarily blinded me. Her bags were in my room. It would be a quick peek. But at that moment, Lola entered my room, wide-eyed in a sports bra and pants. She shut the door behind her and fell onto the bed in a heap of tears.
“Lola?”
“Cassidy tried to come in my bedroom last night,” she whispered, “but the door was locked.”
“She told me.”
“The door was locked because Tristan was with me.”
I still looked like a clown, but I went to Lola and put an arm around her. “Why are you crying?”
Her body quivered. “We…had sex, Stacey.”
Not an awkward subject to talk about, right? My assistant and brother? Eh, I wanted to hurl for more reasons than just that. I was quiet for a few moments before I said, “It was your first time.”
She nodded. “The sheets are bloody, and I…I don’t know what to say, Stacey. I wouldn’t come to you if I…it’s obviously not a period. I need your help. Where…where…(at this she sneezed a lot of gunk) where…are the clean sheets? Oh, I’m so stupid. At my boyfriend’s parents’ house too. Oh, I’m an idiot.”
“Tristan won’t help?”
“Yeah…he has. He took the sheets to the washer, and he held me in his arms, and it was great.”
“And you need me…”
“Your brother asked me to marry him last night, Stacey.”
Who says that news isn’t riveting?

AFTER A LONG, uninterrupted shower, I dried my hair, texted Julian about seeing him tomorrow, and decided not to think. I wore my baby blue bikini under a tank top and shorts. No matter what anyone else said, I would go to the beach today. If I had to bike there, I’d do it.
I went downstairs with my sunglasses perched on my head. Cassidy was in a cashmere robe and she handed me a plate of pancakes and eggs. The warmth of the food was perfect. 
“Cassidy, this is great!” I really was surprised by her cooking skills, but if this were actually Sarah…
“I gotta go get dressed for the beach!” she squealed. “I’ve got this brand new bikini, and I can’t wait to wear it.”
“We’re all going?” I asked through a mouthful of cheesy eggs. 
“Yup. See ya in a few!”
I was left alone in the kitchen, eating those eggs and waiting for the rest of the gang. I realized that if I sat here, that meant I’d be thinking, so I went upstairs, found Tristan in his room playing a video game, and decked him in the gut. “My father taught me how to punch, you idiot!”
Tristan fell over, groaning, “God, what did I do?”
“You proposed? You had sex with a girl in her room that’s right above our parents’?! What the hell, Tristan? Did you even have the wits to use protection?”
“Lola told you?” he whispered protectively. “You can’t tell anyone, Stacey. But yeah, I proposed last night. We’re going to slip into the jeweler’s off the coast in Savannah for a ring. When you know, you know.”
“Tristan! That’s not why I’m upset.”
“I’m sorry. We got carried away, and it was so damn good!”
‘Tristan!” I slapped his shoulder. “Come on, I’m your sister, not one of your ‘brothas’ or whatever. Listen up: You need to apologize to her. Her first time should be magical, not right above her future mother-in-law!”
Tristan nodded, trying to convince me he was changing. “Listen, sis, she wants to go to Europe. I’m going to take her on the best honeymoon you’ve ever heard of.”
“Hope so, or I’ll seriously punch your nuts. Better watch out, kid.” I gave him the look. “Seriously? Right above Mom and Dad’s room?”
He tossed a dirty pair of socks at me, and I left with a laugh. I went back into the hallway to see Michael lathering sunscreen on Lily’s protruding belly. She was breathing hard. “How far along are you?” Don’t judge me. This was a step. An attempt at being nice.
Lily looked up. She seemed shocked that I was asking her a question without malicious intent. “I have another month to go.” She held her stomach. “Listen, Stacey, I know we haven’t had the best relationship since…that time.”
I licked my lips. “I’m going to fight for him, Lily. I’m defensive of my family. That’s all.”
She nodded. “I know. Will you ever be able to forgive me? I promise I’ve changed.”
I touched her stomach, smiling as the baby kicked. “I’m not the one who needs forgiveness.” I looked over at pale-as-a-black-ghost Michael, who backed away.
“Don’t look at me!” he shouted.
I laughed again before turning around to smile at Lily. “I’m totally down, as long as I explain the difference between Iggy Azalea and Missy Elliott.”
“Don’t think that because I’m pregnant that I won’t slap you, sis. Nothing stopped me before.” The genuineness in her eyes was refreshing.
“Ready to go to the beach, babies? All three of you?”
“As long as we aren’t listening to any of that tasteless music crap in the car. Whose car are we taking anyway?” Michael grunted.
“I can drive Dad’s little suburban, and Tristan can take Mom’s little beater. Give the youngest the worst. That’s my motto.”
“Oh, shut up, sis. You’re supposed to deliver me from bullies,” Michael laughed. “And if you’re still as bad of a driver as you used to be…”
“I live in the city. I’m good now. I have been since I left Georgia. Says the man who wrecked the car into our back door.”
“Michael!” Lily shouted.
I exited to find Lola holed up in my bedroom. She was lathering her pale body in sunscreen. “I’m not going to bleed everywhere?”
I pulled her into a hug. “Lola, you need to know that my brother is an idiot. He will disappoint you, and you’ll want to smack him daily, but he’s a great guy. When he falls down, you gotta help him stand back up, okay? I fully support you guys getting hitched. But we still have to rewrite an entire novel for Cassidy Harris.”
Big tears welled in her doe-like blue eyes. “I’m in love with him, Stacey. It’s hard to get over thinking about him. I want him so badly, I want so badly to be a part of this family.”
“You already are.” I draped my arm around her shoulder as we left the room. (Fact 10: See, I can be supportive. Even if I don’t believe in love at four days.)
We went downstairs, where Momma was in quite a large one-piece as Dad rubbed SPF into her shoulders. We are black, but it has been an imperative command since childhood: El sol can cause cancer, and sunscreen can combat cancer. Therefore, wear the sunscreen. 
“Who’s ready to go bitchin’?” said Momma. Then she turned beet red. “I meant beaching! Beaching is what I meant.”
Tristan, who was buff without his shirt on, wrapped his arms around her waist. “Oh, how I love my momma.”
“Get off me, you wuss,” she said, shoving him away. “You should be doin’ that to your girlfriend, son.”
Lola went the pinkest shade of pink on the planet. I held her close. “There’s no controlling what comes out of their mouths.”
Tristan walked over and picked her up in his strong arms before planting a huge kiss on her rose-petal lips. When they came back, and the boys hollered, he looked at me and said, “And she’s my fiancée.”
“What?” Momma screamed, grabbing her heart.
Laughter erupted from my lungs, and then I turned to check my phone. I went into the hall to see a call from Victor. After I was hidden in the closet under the stairs, I whispered, “Hello?”
“Stacey, I want to find her.”
“What?”
“I need to see her. You’re right. I’ve talked about it with my wife, and she thinks I should go.”
“Victor…”
“I want to go to São Paulo.”
“Are you sure?”
“Now you’re the one with doubts?” he sighed. “Yes, I want to go. Next month, last week of May. We need to do this.” 
“You said the parents didn’t…”
“I’ve emailed them. They responded.”
I couldn’t breathe. “Glo.”
“Gloria, our little girl,” Victor said with trouble. “I haven’t forgotten her, Stacey. Please forgive my hesitation yesterday. I’m afraid, honestly. And Stace, this isn’t just about Gloria.”
Silence.
“I want you to know that I have thought about you nearly every day since we said good-bye. I have a wife, of course, but that doesn’t stop me from caring about you and your well-being. Can we meet before you leave for Arizona again?”

I WAS THE designated driver of Dad’s little Honda. With me would be Cassidy, Ali, Lily, and Michael. Dad, Momma, and Lola would be driven by Tristan in the old clunkerjunker car. We were going to a private strip of beach between Hilton Head and Savannah, a rocky piece of coast owned by Momma’s cousin Betsy Susanne, who happened to be married to some rich guy from Detroit.
Cousin Betsy was a ginormous lady like Momma, but she had no children and spet all her time with charities. Half the year, she was off touring Europe and Asia to help poor children. In a way, I wished my mom would ask her cousin for help in the money department, but Momma was steadfast and refused from help from anyone but the Good Lord.
Betsy was in California with her nephew, so the beach was ours for the day. We knew the secret keycode to get on her property, which has a nice cabana, even though it is the East Coast, known for colder water and rocks. But with the humidity of today, I’ll hop into the Atlantic like I am the Titanic.
The heat was sweltering. As I watered Momma’s plants before we left our Breezewater house, the rays of light bounced off my back. I sneaked a quick phone call to Julian, who was mowing the lawn at Reggie’s. I desperately wanted to stop by, but we agreed that the day apart would do us good. 
A few minutes later, I was in the car, driving through the subdivision, listening to Michael chide Ali for her career decisions. “You know, Alison, I’ve been to Los Angeles a few times. It’s not where you should be. If you’re not successful, why not try New York?”
I glanced in my mirror to see Lily’s reaction. She looked ready to die. She held her belly in one palm. Ali, meanwhile, was filing her nails as Cassidy applied lots of makeup that she didn’t need. Her big, bouncy boobage was falling out of her bikini top. Lily luckily sat in between her husband and the other woman…or my brother, no doubt, would fall for the buxom blonde who belonged in Hugh Hefner’s mansion.
Ali, who was letting her bouncy hair free today, looked back at our brother. “Michael, do you think I’m that stupid?”
Michael knew he had probably unleashed the beast known as Psycho Ali, so he tried to change the subject. “LA is beautiful. The…interstates are very structurally…sound?” 
I gagged on my own saliva, begging the laughter to stay in my chest. I couldn’t resist. “‘Very structurally sound?’ Really?”
He rolled his eyes. “All this estrogen is making me sick.” 
“Fine, I won’t mind throwing you out,” Ali shouted. “You know, New York is disgusting. I’ve been there, heck. It’s dirty and there are too many people.”
“Says the girl who is living in LA,” I pointed out.
Lily patted her husband’s knee. “Nice try.”
“I was…” 
“Shut up before you’re actually thrown out.”
His eyes drooped, and he started scrolling through messages on his phone. I looked over at Ali, who complained she wasn’t getting any sun with the drive. I grabbed her nail filer, and she screamed, “You’re going to get us all killed!”
“We’re not even close to a major road, Alison.”
“Good!” She tickled my sides, and Michael screamed for our safety.
Oh, the drive to the beach. And honestly, with the cackle of laughter from the car, I hadn’t been happier in a while.

THE OCEAN WAS a familiar echo of a distant past. I thought of my baby girl, Gloria, as I stood on the comforting sand. The water, splashing against my legs in waves, was a beautiful shade of greenish-blue. The smell of salt perforated by senses, and I stood in the breeze of the ocean’s call for a few minutes without any distractions. My life was like the ocean waves–there were tides, tribulations, and calm seas, but it all ended on a beach somewhere. That beach could be anywhere–in Georgia, in Maui, wherever. I didn’t know where my wave ended, and honestly, I didn’t want to know. Not now.
I set up the umbrella and beach chairs for the girls. Ali was already working on her “tan” as Lily read a book under the shade. Her blonde hair was splayed down her back, and I waved at her. She smiled and waved back. Cassidy was also tanning on the other side of Lily, her bare back visible in the shadows. Then there was Momma, who was building a sandcastle with Dad and Michael. I looked down the beach to see Lola and Tristan throwing a Frisbee.
I guess I would be the only one who actually got in the water. The sea was cold and refreshing against my dark skin. I allowed myself to drift, and I felt the sand ebb under my toes. Fish lapped against my body, but I didn’t mind. I was happy here. It was calm, not a cloud in sight, and I was happy. I was truly, honestly, without a doubt, happy. 
After a good thirty minutes, I felt hands on my waist drag me under the surface. When I forced myself above the waves for air, I saw Tristan. He was chuckling so hard that I thought he was going to be taken by the tide. “You looked so peaceful.”
“So you had to ruin my happiness?” I kicked him underneath. 
“Listen, sister, we need to pick out a date for the wedding.”
I laid my head against the water, drifting again. “Shush. I’m at peace right now.”
Tristan sighed. “Well, your phone was ringing. It was some guy named…Julian. And I hate to say it, but if you don’t help me with my big day, I’m holding you hostage out here in these waters.”
I shot up like an arrow. “You wouldn’t.”
“I would.”
“Tristan!”
He mimicked my voice. “Stacey!”
“You’re awful, you know that?”
“I’m your pesky little brother. And I need your help.”
“With what?” I asked. “We’re literally in the middle of the ocean.”
“I…know you work with a publishing house.”
I lifted my eyebrows. “And?”
He looked nervously away. “Do you think you could publish a short novella for me?”
“What do you mean?”
He turned me around so he was facing the seea. He obviously didn’t want Lola to see his antics. I could see her staring at us from the shore, and she waved. I waved back, and listened to my brother. “I’m writing an anthology of poems for her. They’re probably awful, but I’d like you to help me with this wedding gift.”
“A book of poems?”
“I know, it’s a lot to ask, but…”
“For once in your life, shut up!” I yelled, but quickly a grin formed on my lips. “Of course I’ll do it, Tristan. I can even make the book seem antiquated, too. Yellowed pages, kinda like an epic love story?”
His pallid face returned to its normal color. “Seriously?”
I hugged him, feeling the muscles relax in his back. “Of course. I love you both, and I’d love to help you. But Lola works with me.”
“That’s something we’re discussing,” he said, biting his nail.
I slapped him. “You better not be thinking about taking my damn assistant away!”
“No, no,” he shook his head. “I was thinking about moving to Tucson.”
My mouth fell open. “Moving to Tucson?”
He nodded quickly. “Yeah.”
A single tear fell down my face, and I pulled him into yet another hug. He didn’t need words to know that I completely cherished his idea. 

Chapter Twelve


WHEN I RETURNED to the beach, Cassidy and I began to review her novel. I brought a correcting pen and a copy of the first three chapters in my beach bag. My sunglasses were perched on my nose, and we were on our stomachs near the umbrella. Lily was taking a nap, and Ali was…bathing topless. Luckily, Dad and Momma were still into their one-of-a-kind sandcastle to notice their eldest daughter.
“So, I was thinking that Ilana is a little stiff, you know?”
Cassidy was chewing on a pen cap. Her long hair was frequently blowing into my mouth, and her attention span was about a zero, but I wouldn’t let anything get to me. We needed to work on this, because I had gotten nothing done. Murphy was counting on me, and so was Steinbeck. “Ilana’s supposed to be the comedic support, kinda like Margot and Serena.”
“Who?”
“You know. Oh,” she said, her eyes clouding over. “They’re Elle Woods’s best friends. Legally Blonde.”
“Her dog was my favorite character,” I grinned. “Classic.”
“Of course.”
“Well, I like the idea of Ilana as the comedic relief, but what if we changed her characteristics a bit? You know, people like the idea that everybody’s different. So far, all your characters are blonde and blue-eyed. Why not make Ilana a redheaded girl with freckles and brown eyes?”
Cassidy nodded. “I like that idea.”
“And look, Fawn doesn’t have to be a typical old lady. We can spruce her up to be buxom or whatever. Go against the norm, Cass. That’s what’ll make your book shine.”
“She’s lying to you,” shouted Ali a few minutes later. “She’s a fake, and she knows it, and that blonde hair…well, it’s obviously an extension!”
I looked back at my sister’s boobs. “Put a freakin’ bathing top on, Ali, if you expect me to talk to you.” I still had my doubts about Cassidy’s true soul, but I wasn’t Alison.
Cassidy looked hurt. She stood up and shook the sand from her legs. “Excuse me, Stace. I have to…” Big tears welled up in her blue eyes. She ran away, and I was left alone.
“Was that necessary, Alison?” I screamed before leaving too. I took the time to listen to the voicemail from Julian on my phone. His rich voice was comforting.
“Hi, Stacey. I hope everything’s great at the beach. I know tomorrow is your last full day in Breezewater, so I wanted to remind you to be at your house at precisely, let’s say, seven o’clock tomorrow night.” He chuckled into the phone, and I smiled in response. “Wear a dress. And, oh, Duke says hi. Anyway, see you.”
I threw my phone down on the towel near Alison. My feet hit the sand. I ran across the beach, looking for any signs of Cassidy. She disappeared through the vibrant strip of forest along the path leading from the house to the ocean. I wondered if she was okay. When I made it to our car, which was conveniently parked near the house of my mom’s cousin, I discovered Cassidy leaning against a palm tree exasperatedly talking on the phone.
Realizing my chance, I hid behind some brush. She hadn’t seen me, and she wouldn’t. I’d possibly get poison ivy, but I could hear her. Her whole tone of Cassidy Harris had disappeared; now, she stood like a normal person, not a valley girl. Her demeanor was different. I could sense intelligence in her now. Why?
“Listen, I’m sick of doing this for you, John. You’ve paid me well, but I’m very close to giving it all up. No, they know nothing about me.”
My heart raced. 
She continued. “I’ve got them fooled. Where am I now? Well, damn it, I’m in some hideous beach in the jungle of Savannah. You promised me cash up front, and I had to wait. Is this really necessary? I’m trying to break into acting, John, not whatever this whole charade is… Yeah, I know.”
I couldn’t believe my ears. She snapped her phone shut and dug her hands through her hair. She cursed under her breath before digging through her purse for a compact. Her eyes widened as she looked at herself. Then, she stood straighter and walked across the path again. She didn’t see me.
I grabbed her arm from the bushes, and she screamed. “What the hell!”
“Cassidy, what was that?”
“Were you spying on me?” she shouted, her eyes on fire. “Damn it, Stacey.” Cassidy was back. “If you tell anyone, I swear, I will kill you. My uncle cannot find out about this.”
“What was that about?” I asked, my voice strained. “Are you lying to us?”
She shook her head, and her voice constricted. She touched my arm. “You cannot tell anyone about any of this. But…”
“But what?”
She looked down the walkway and bit her lip before the words fell out of her mouth. “I’m a pornstar, Stacey.”

AFTER A DRAMATIC ending to my beach trip, our party cruised down the coast to a fish shack in a swamp area in between Savannah and Breezewater. I hadn’t been to the place in years, and my silence was, well, deafening. I couldn’t look at Cassidy’s big eyes or boobs. Instead of listening to her back on the walkway, I had stomped off without letting her explain.
She stared at me across the table in the haze of the flickering candles. Rick’s Fish Shack was basically what I thought of when I thought of Louisiana: swamps and gators. Rick’s was also like Tia Dalma’s hut in the Pirates of the Caribbean movies. Candles, fish, oil, butter, and taxidermy gator heads. Rick’s wife makes to-die-for bread. 
Lily sat beside me and whispered, “Thinking about getting the shrimp with a side of gator tail. Can’t tell any of my relatives.”  
“A northern princess,” I smiled. 
“Among a Southern-bred kingdom.”
She noticed me staring at her belly and affectionately placed my hand on her stomach. The child kicked, and I felt the water forming on my lids. I looked up at her. “What are you naming her?”
“We don’t know the sex. Why do you think it’s a girl?”
I wiped the tears quickly. “I have suspicions.”
“Superstitious, huh? If she’s a girl, we’re naming her Emmeline; if he’s a boy, we’re naming him Alexander. The middle names are a surprise.” She winked. “You know, it feels a lot better being forgiven. Thank you.”
After a delightful dinner full of shrimp and spices, we stood, and I assisted Lily in straightening her chair. As she walks across the packed restaurant, she accidentally fell into a pretentious woman in hooker heels. The woman looked up and saw Michael helping his wife. Once she noted that my brother was black, and my sister-in-law was a blonde-headed white girl, the woman examined my niece’s safe place (because I have a gut feeling she’s a she). 
“What in God’s name?” the lady said. “There’s a reason we don’t melt together, honey. You really want a swirl for a child?”
Lily’s face fell; Michael was stunned. I stood rooted behind them. The others were already gone; they had no idea what was happening. In fact, they were out the doors. Lily blinked, and the lady went on.
“There’s a reason God created the three different races through Noah. Don’t you know that, honey?”
Michael’s nostrils flared. “And really, how do you know what the three races are, lady? Last time I checked we all came from the Jews.”
Lily tapped her husband’s arm. “Our baby will be beautiful no matter what skin color she has.” 
Our waiter hurried over. “Is there a problem?”
“This vermin is trash-talking my sister and brother,” I spat.
The lady looked up at me. “Oh, and you’re his supportive sister.” She stood up, and I could see nipples through her skin-tight dress. Her date looked like he wanted to die.
“That I am,” I smiled, ready for a fight. I was normally calm. I was normally chill. Not now. The blood coursed through my veins like fire. I was ready to strike, a cobra pumping venom. The lady wasn’t as tall as me, but she got in my face. “You’re just a hypocrite, you know that?”
“Excuse me?” 
“Ma’ams,” the waiter said.
“You heard me. You’re just a hypocrite. I know we’re in the South, but you’re talking about the Bible, and you don’t have any compassion. Now, before I kick your sorry trash-talking ass, would you like to recant? Because I swear, if you say one more petty comment about my niece, I will make sure those hooker heels are in your damn eye sockets!”
“Stacey,” interrupted Michael.
“Not now, Michael.”
The lady gave me a smug grin. “Freedom of speech.”
“Freedom of expression,” I laughed, pushing her.
“Ma’am!” shouted the waiter.
The lady pushed me back, and I fell against a bystander. “Oh, you are going to regret that!”
Michael dragged me away, pulling me outside. Lily stood beside him and smiled mournfully at me. “Why didn’t you let me…”
Michael shook his head. “You can’t fight ignorance with violence, sis. Racism still exists, and we know our little child is going to have good and bad times, like any other kid. And we know he or she will have a protective aunt, but you can’t get yourself thrown into prison over this. That lady would ruin your life.”
I looked over at Lily. “She’s my family. I protect my family.”
Michael wrapped his arm around me. “And that’s why we love you, Stace.”
We went back to the rest of the gang. They didn’t know a thing.

THE NEXT MORNING was my last full day in Georgia. I borrowed the family car and drove as fast as I could to Atlanta. I was meeting Victor at his home in Conyers. I told Dad I’d pay him for the gasoline I was wasting, and that I needed to do some last minute shopping in the city. He understood, and without a word to anyone else, I was gone.
It would be a few hours. I’d be back around two o’clock. So as I sped down the interstate, I called Reesey. I hadn’t talked to her in four days, and I missed her desperately. I missed Candice, too.
Reesey answered on the fourth beat. She was sloshing food in the receiver, and I heard her rugged breathing. “Hullo?”
“Reese?” I laughed. Even hearing her half-full mouth, probably stuffed with tostadas, was welcomed in my ears. 
A few mouthfuls later, she jubilantly shouted, “Why if it isn’t my long-lost BFF! Where in Zeus’s name have you been, Stacey Ann?”
“It’s been crazy.”
“You know what? It’s been crazy here, too, but…”
I could imagine her picking at the beef and cheese of her Tex-Mex fest. “Reesey, put the damn tostada down. Talk to me. What is up with you?”
“Well, I’ve been living at your place.”
“What?”
She chuckled. “I’m kidding. No, I went on a date last night, but…you have to wait for that story.” Her usual perky behavior was riddled with confusion. 
I called her out on it. “Did you break the Golden Rule?” Patti Stanger of Millionaire Matchmaker believes in no sex before monogamy. That was our trio’s golden rule. Now that Candice was married, she could do it whenever she wanted (although Candice was a self-described half-virgin when she married Henry). I was the usual rule breaker. Reesey didn’t sleep around, and in fact, I thought she was still a virgin bride, but from her tone of voice, I was scared.
She mumbled, “No, I didn’t sleep with him…But it was awful close. Dios. I must go to confession! Father Priestly…Ah, I wonder if I can hop on over there now.”
“Reese, you’re fine. God forgives sin. You’re…”
“Shut up, muchacha. I know you’re agnostic or whatever it’s called.” Only in Reesey’s accent, agnostic came out as “ah-nos-tee”. “Anyway, I gotta run. You’re coming home tomorrow, right?”
“Yeah…wait, Reesey!”
She hung up. As my brother would say, “What in da world.” Ah, the jubilee that is life. 

I PULLED INTO Victor’s posh neighborhood. The houses were big and packed with gorgeous stone. I followed the directions to a corner lot that held a charming house with a walk-up garden and luxurious backyard. I parked my car and knocked on his door. I was welcomed by a skinny, fit black woman with a bob haircut. Her eyes were warm and inviting.
“You must be Stacey,” she said, pulling me into a hug.
I’m not much of a touchy-feely person, but I hugged back. 
“I’m Jessica, Victor’s wife, but I’m sure you knew that.” She smiled. “Anyway, Victor’s in his office. And listen to me: This isn’t awkward at all, Stacey. I want you to know that Victor loves his little girl, and he loves you, too. In fact, I’d love to get to know you.”
“You’re so sweet.” I followed her into the house, which smelled distinctly of potpourri and lilac.
“The girls are in school, and I’m going to go on a jog now. You and Victor can talk everything out. Are you thirsty? Hungry? I made cookies in the kitchen, and there’s sweet tea, but if you’re still like what Victor remembers, you’re not a big tea drinker.”
“You are too kind. I’ll take some tea, of course.” 
After Jessica handed me my cup and a stash of cookies, she walked me into Victor’s spacious office, where my former man sat. Not a teenager anymore. He was a richly exquisite man. His handsome features were more defined, and I could see the hint of age in the bags under his eyes. He was a businessman now, and he provided well for his family. 
“Why, Stacey Monroe!” He immediately stood and walked around his mahogany desk to hug me. He was my old friend, smelling of summer and teen spirit. His dress shirt stuck to my skin.
“I’m going jogging, Vic,” said Jessica as she smiled good-bye to me. She left, and I was alone with my first love.
“Sit down, make yourself at home, Stacey.” 
“I forgot how tall you are, Victor,” I said. The chairs were nice and comfortable; with my cookies and tea, I was quite at home. As I looked at him, I remembered my first kiss, and my first time at sex (not great), and my lack of faith in the church and my so-called friends, Meg Pruitt among them. But most of all, I looked into his eyes and saw our baby girl, Gloria, a child who had his eyes and his spunk, even after I handed her away to her new parents. You see, Victor and I are Gloria’s birth parents, but that doesn’t make us her true family. It breaks my heart.
Victor noticed my quivering, and he hurried to me. “Stacey, it’s okay.”
“You and her…you’re in direct correlation. I can’t see her without you, and I can’t see you without seeing her.”
He held me to his chest. “Stacey,” he said, but I felt his tears on my skin. “We must go to Brazil. We have to find her, before it’s too late.”
“What do you mean?” I looked up, and his eyes were wistful and dark. Then I knew. I knew. 

Chapter Thirteen


I RETURNED TO Breezewater. I was in a dark, deep, foul mood. When Cassidy and I began to work on her novel, I wasn’t there mentally. She asked me what was wrong, and I told her it wasn’t because she was some kind of porn lady. Instead, I cried. On her shoulder. I apologized for not doing my job, as Murphy had asked me to finish the book for his boss’s niece. It was Cassidy Harris. Instead, she said nothing and let me cry on her shoulder.
I stayed holed up in my room. When Ali came in and slept on my shoulder, I let her. I didn’t question her crazy antics. When she left, I got up, peed, and took a long nap. By the time the sun was setting and the sky cast orange and amber, I felt a presence. I looked up and saw Julian. 
Without further questioning, he pulled the covers up and got in the bed beside me. He was dressed up in a suit and tie, but he didn’t care. He held me for a long time. I cried on his shoulder, and he held me against his chest. He didn’t ask why I was this way; I was thankful. I was a princess who had found her prince. 
After fifteen minutes, I wiped the tears from my eyes, and said, “Let me get dressed.”
“You’re already beautiful the way you are. You don’t have to do this.”
“No. This is my last night here, and we’re going on that date.”
“Stacey, you don’t have to do this.”
“Shut up. I’m getting dressed.” I pulled myself up from the sheets, and I kicked him out of my room. “I’ll be ready soon enough.”
After freshening up and wearing a purple dress, I walked down the steps and he led me straight out the front door. “I had some help from your family.”
“We’re not taking your truck?”
He shook his head. “Nope.”
“Where are we going, then?”
“Have you ever heard of a surprise, and that surprises are usually kept to, well, surprise people?”
“Usually, I’m not one for…”
“Miss Stacey Monroe, if you don’t shut up, I’ll have to silence you.”
“How would you do that?”
He stopped me. We were outside of my childhood house, the beginning of the end of My Week with Julian. My feet were bare, my shoes in my hand. He was charming and simplistic. In a moment my heart stopped, and without a doubt, I felt like I was finding my inner soul again. This is what my parents experienced. This is why Lola and Tristan were so eager to marry; when you find the one, you’ve found the one, and there’s nothing you can do to possibly stop it. So why wait?
His lips met mine gently. I was silenced.
“Now are you going to come with me? Trust, Stacey. Trust.”
“Where’s Duke?”
“He’s with his Uncle Reggie. Don’t worry about him, Stace.”
I followed him across the grass, to the backyard, where a few deer were munching on grass. The wind was fierce; there would be a storm tonight. I held Julian’s hand, feeling the warmth of this unchanging form of connection between two people. “We’re going to the creek, are we not?”
“Didn’t I tell you to shut up already?”
I laid my head against his shoulder. We walked in peaceful silence to the creek bed where I’d spent most of my youth. Before the creek was a hand-carved table with two elegant chairs. A candlelit dinner, one with roses littering the grass awaited me. Candles, did I mention candles? Flickering candles. Flickering against Julian’s sculpted face. There was no breathing for Stacey. Not with this.
“Julian, what is this?” I asked, my eyes aloft with the smell of lilac and the sound of the crying creek. Dad used to say that every angel’s tears went down our crying creek.
Julian pulled my seat for me. After we were across from each other, I giggled. “You did this–for me?”
“Of course. Only the best for my baby.”
“And you made menus.”
“With assistance from our waiter…who should be coming with our drinks pretty soon, huh?”
My brother appeared a few seconds later in a white button-down shirt. “This was the only waiter-looking shirt I had.”
“Tristan,” I laughed.
He was holding two glasses, one of Diet Coke and the other of tea. “A straight-up diet pop for our lovely lady, and a glass of tea for the big beast over here.”
Julian laughed as Tristan wiped his hands expectantly. “We aren’t ready yet, Tristan.”
He laughed. “Appetizers? All home cooking from our one and only Momma Gloria.”
“Goodness.” I shielded my face in half-embarrassment, half-pleasure. How thoughtful was this? I was right across the table from Julian, with a flickering candle, a babbling brook, and roses. Lots of roses. Plus, the breeze from the summer air was pretty welcome. Now that it was almost May, I was looking to the pleasures of life to come. It’s pretty nice letting life take the driver’s seat. Coasting. Just coast, and let life take the wheel.
Tristan took my menu quickly, and I slapped his wrist. He leaned down and kissed my cheek. “Already know what you want, sista. Plus, I owed you one.”
Julian laughed. “I’ll take whatever Stacey’s having.”
Tristan disappeared in the setting sun. I was left giggling like an idiot with Julian, who was staring at me with a sloppy grin on his face. “What? Do I have something on my face?”
“Yeah, it’s called the look of love.”
“Smooth,” I laughed. “This is really nice.” I motioned to everything. Everything was perfect.
Julian took my hand, a thoughtful gesture for him. He said nothing; nothing needed to be said.
Until we heard the gunshot.

THERE WAS ONCE a story my grandmother read to me frequently before she passed away. It was about a princess, a lovely girl who found a handsome man. She believed he was her one, true prince, but it turned out that she was just a pawn in his game to get closer to the kingdom. 
I didn’t like the story then, and I don’t like it now. 
As Julian and I stumbled up, the fear lucidly reminded me that we were human. We weren’t invincible, and life can be wrecked just by a little ball of metal. It seems silly now, and it seemed silly then. But before I let Julian run away from me, I kissed him solidly on the lips.
He pushed me behind him. “You need to stay here. This is a safe place. Hide in the woods.” He fished for something in his pocket. He kissed my forehead, all interest in me gone. He motioned to the shiny object in his hand. “Perks of being an officer.”
“Julian!” I screamed. He was leaving me alone in the woods. I could hear the blood rushing in my ears. 
I watched him sprint across the field like a lion. To find the prey. I heard wailing, unsettlingly discovering it was my own. My family was there, and Julian expected me to hide in the forest? I grabbed my skirt and ran after him. The moonlight glimmered on the grass. In the morning, it would be the dew reflected by the sun. Proof that nature doesn’t really care what’s happening in the human world.
My calm spirit gave me a sense of fight or flight. I would fight. I protected my family.
But I wasn’t a wreck. I didn’t really pay attention to anything. The wind was lapping against my skin, but I couldn’t think. A single thought didn’t have any congruence to the fear. What happened? 
Cassidy appeared on the back porch. She raced down the stairs, shouting, “Stace!”
“What’s going on?” I yelped, fear gripping my insides.
She breathed hard. “Your father. He thought there was an intruder. He shot at a raccoon. It turns out there is a visitor, looking for you, specifically.”
“Dad shot a gun because he thought…”
Lola and Tristan, soaked with sweat, appeared on the porch. They looked at me with the look perfected by actors in movies. That look of: Well, here’s when the sad music comes on and you discover that your father has an anxiety problem. And your boyfriend’s wife was killed by your father, not to mention: Your daughter is dying of cancer!  
Lola wrapped her arms around me. “Nothing to be scared about. Your dad just thought there was an intruder. But you have a visitor.”
I choked back the tears. I didn’t know why I was crying. Then I saw the familiar blonde-haired woman nearby.

MEG. SHE WAS shaking, and her face was streaked with makeup. “I should go. I don’t know why I came.”
“Meg!” I said, not really sure why she was here. This was the girl who made my life hell when Glo was in my stomach. She was the girl who painted our family car in red paint: SLUT. She was the girl who convinced most of the school to turn their backs on me, which resulted to either people feeling sorry or hating me.
I saw her vivid blue eyes as she laughed in my face after gym class, when my belly was showing under the tight shirt. The smell of peppermint on her breath when she hissed, That kid won’t ever be anything. Not if it comes from you.
I never knew why Meg took to killing my self-confidence, which resulted in my hatred of my hometown. The sad thing was that people agreed with a seventeen-year-old rich girl who drove a convertible to school. Women avoided me and even my mother because, gasp, I sinned! It took years, and a move to Arizona, to get over the looks and stared and disappointment. I knew I let everybody down; that didn’t stop my ambitiousness or my personality. But people treated me like I had the plague.
And Glo was never a plague. She was a miracle. As a seventeen-year-old kid myself, I knew that Gloria Kate Johnson was the reason I was here. And I could put up with the jeers from my peers and old broads if she got to live.
And now in the present, with Meg standing before me with a wide face, I couldn’t speak. This would be a beautiful moment when I was a teen, but now, it was like forcing octopus tentacles down my throat. I gagged.
“I’m so incredibly sorry for what I did to you,” she whispered. “I caused you the worst pain. You didn’t deserve it, because I know now that you had the wisdom to give Gloria away. You didn’t have an abortion, and you didn’t try to raise her. I’m jealous of you.”
“So that’s why you let everyone hate me, Meg? I spent two years hating myself because of you.”
Meg’s eyes glazed over. “I’m a horrible, wicked person, and I know that. You can’t possibly forgive me for what I did to you. But I wanted to give you a present before I leave for Moscow.”
“Moscow?” I asked incredulously. “A present, too? Is it stuffed with beetles and worms?”
“Yes, Moscow. My husband and I are leaving for missions work. And…”
“Indefinitely?”
She nodded. “I’ve changed.”
I didn’t believe people could change. It just wasn’t possible.
“But you have, too. Don’t let my horrible attitude hurt your beauty, Stacey. The present is in your living room. Good-bye.”
Meg left.

WHEN I WALKED into the living room with Lola rubbing my back, I saw a lacy newborn’s dress. The perfect outfit for a day-old Gloria. 

THE MORNING SKY was amber. Ali was beside me, a pancake forced into her mouth. “Good morning, sleepyhead.”
I shot up. “Our flight! I’ve got to get back to Tucson.” Then I was reminded of last night. The entire shooting/Meg debacle.
“On your date yesterday, Momma pulled us aside.” Her face changed suddenly, a breaking storm.
I nodded. The words didn’t need to come.
Ali and I sobbed together for a long time.
When I went to change and pack my things, I thought of Duke. I had to say good-bye to him, and to Julian. I couldn’t play ar0ound with the idea of Julian anymore. I had a career in Tucson, a book to write for Cassidy, and a life to find. Julian didn’t know anything about me. How could we possibly work out together?
My back screamed in pain. Well, actually, I yelped, but my back was in trouble. I fell against the wall in the hallway. I knew what it meant. I knew what it meant. Another reason to run from Julian. As fast and far as I could.

MOMMA WAS WAITING downstairs. She held her Bible to her bosom. “What can I do to make you stay?” she cried. “You’ve just experienced traumatic events, and now you’re going back to Arizona?”
“Momma, if you need me, I’ll come, but I’ve got to get back…”
“I need you right now. What is this sudden need to go? Honey, tell me what is wrong. You’re leaving…”
I held her. I couldn’t tell her it was possible that the back pain and blood could signify cancer’s return. I couldn’t tell her that I needed to leave because of Julian. I couldn’t tell her that I was afraid, that the Ryan ordeal was absolutely insane. I needed that stiff Stacey, the one from the West Coast.
As the others packed, I drove to Reggie’s. Like I hoped, Duke was sitting outside with Reggie. When he saw me, Duke ran up and handed me a new book. “I read this yesterday. Freud. Pretty cool, huh?”
 I hugged him. “I have to go, sweetie.”
“Where are you going?”
“Back to Arizona. Back to my house, and…”
“Julian really loves you, you know. We went to dinner while you were at the beach, and he said he really, really liked you. And he said he didn’t want you to go when it was time. He said he was afraid you’d leave without saying good-bye.” 
I wiped the tear from my lid quickly. I couldn’t let Duke see me cry. I fell on my knees and nodded reassuringly. “Just because I leave doesn’t mean I’m not coming back.” 
“I told Daddy that I didn’t want you to go, either. I told him I wanted you to be my mom.”
Reggie edged in. “Eventful night last night, huh? Your dad, a raccoon shooter!”
I nodded, standing again. I put my hands in my jeans. “It doesn’t seem plausible to me now.”
“Raccoons can be serious offenders. Hey, Julian’s actually at the cemetery. Do you want me to tell him you stopped by?” He winked. He expected me to go to Julian.
I felt guilty, but the words were off my mouth without a second thought. “Nah, don’t worry about it. I’ll see him before I leave.”
The time never came. When I returned home, Cassidy and Lola agreed to go to Arizona with me. They thought I was still in shock, and I needed to leave, which was true. The others weren’t leaving yet, and I didn’t blame them. A somber mood was cast on the house after everybody discovered Momma was dying.
Momma was dying.
And I was leaving–running as fast and far away as I could.

NO ONE BOTHERED me. Dad drove us three girls to the airport in Atlanta. There was reigning silence, and I sat beside Cassidy in a dazed blur. I said good-bye to my family. I left the man I loved. I was only a coward.
Dad hugged me as he dropped us off. “Thank you, Stacey, thank you for coming.”
I nodded. “Don’t kill any more raccoons.” Then I got on that plane. And I went home.

Chapter Fourteen


THE PRESSURES OF my life were on my shoulders. Emotionally, I shut down. When I dropped Lola at her house and Cassidy at her BMW, I drove home, fell into my bed, and climbed into a deep sleep. I dreamt of none other than Julian. I couldn’t think about him or I’d begin crying all over again. I wasn’t in love with him yet, I told myself.
That day, in the midst of the dark shadows of my confinement (in my bedroom), Reesey walked in eating Taqis. (Fact 11: Taqis were a college thing. Reese and I had competitions to see who could eat the most in five minutes.) She dropped her bag and looked at me with a blinking eye, and then she sashayed to the windows and flashed the blinds, allowing the sunlight to pour through the windows.
“What the churro? What are you doing, Stacey?” She jumped into the covers with me like only Reesey Sanchez can do. She put her arms around me, and I cried.
After a good five minutes, she pushed me out of the bed, and I fell on the floor in my satin pajamas. “What the heck, Reesey?”
“I’m sick of hearing you cry. Taqis?”
“No!”
She sat up, pushing on her long, curly black hair. I was jealous of her. She was petite, but curvy and exotic and beautiful. Finally she threw the bag of junk at my head. “Get up, right now.”
“What are…”
She pulled me up by the arm. “I’m not going to let you cry with Taqis on your head. Really, Stace, there’s one in your hair.”
When I was a good foot taller standing up, she put her hands on her hips. “You cannot lie in bed like a two-year-old, Stacey. Why are you lounging about like you’re dead? There are fifty phone calls on the machine, there’s mail out your nostrils, and, oh my Obama, there’s dust on your countertops!” 
I playfully punched her arm. “I missed you, Reese.”
“Well, I’m about to get back on that freakin’ plane with you to Jaw-ja. Where do we need to go to stop these tears?”
“Brazil.”
Her mouth fell open. “Uh, do you mean Oro Valley?”
“No, Brazil.”
Reesey understood easily. She looked at me, blinking. “Gloria.”
“Gloria is sick.”
Reesey didn’t say anything. She enveloped me in a hug. “Oh, honey.”

SOMEHOW I MANAGED to pull myself together the next day. I drove to work, brought a sun-kissed Lola Starbucks, and worked on manuscripts with extra vigor, including the wedding novella for Tristan. There was no Cassidy for the day, so I didn’t think about that situation. Murphy asked me how my vacation was, and I lied. I was collected in person. My house, on the other hand, was a disaster.
Reesey stayed the night as my personal guardian angel. She held me and told me she’d book the flight whenever I was ready to go. She wanted to go with me, and she wanted to personally victimize Ryan Taylor. I couldn’t help but adore her. I wondered about Candice’s presence. I hadn’t talked with her in a good few weeks.
I was sifting through scripts when Lola entered. Her big eyes were wide. “Want to go out for drinks tonight?”
“Yeah, that’d be nice.”
Lola nodded, quickly giving me a hug. “Stace, you know I’m here. When you’re ready to talk, I’m here.”
I refused to let the tears slip. I nodded with practiced happiness. “I’m fine, really. Just working on some of these novels. How are you holding up? Missing my lame brother yet?”
“Every minute,” she smiled. “He’s a clown, isn’t he?”
Murphy came into my room a few hours later. “You look relaxed and perfect, as usual. How was your vacation?”
“Didn’t we already discuss this, Murphy?” I gave him a cordial look.
He messed with his tie. “Well, I…”
“Murphy, I’m so behind.”
I thought he’d take the bait. Instead, he looked at me. “Priority is Cassidy Harris’s book. She already informed her dad about how wonderful of a trip she had, and how she was pleased with the progress. Mind if I see?”
I looked up. Progress? I bit my lip. “I don’t have it with me, Murphy. It’s under lockdown at my house.”
“She’s a priority,” he said with weird sternness. “I mean it, Stacey. I need you one-hundred-percent, okay? Your vacation time is done.”
I knitted my eyebrows. I wasn’t used to his anger. I went back to my pens and highlighters before I heard a familiar giggle. I looked up to see a wad of wavy blonde hair piled on top of my best friend’s head. I stood up and shouted, “Candice Michelin! Well, Desrosiers, I suppose!”
“Stace!” she screamed, pulling me into a giant best-friend hug. She wouldn’t let go of me for a good while. 
When we pulled apart, a bit awkwardly, I couldn’t help but see the big rock on her finger. She had skipped the whole engagement/courting part of her relationship with her husband, Henry, but now there was a beautiful ring. The jealousy panged my heart. Julian. I couldn’t tell Candice about him now. I couldn’t tell anyone, and I trusted Reesey to keep my whole trip under her nails. 
She sat down in a plush chair. “Look at all these manuscripts. You must be busy.” 
“Busier than you can imagine. You look great, Candice. Tanner than I remembered.”
“I went to LA recently. I came to ask you a great favor.”
“What’s up?”
“I miss our girls’ nights, Stace, but I’m sure you understand. Henry and I have been over the country, back and forth to North Carolina and Nashville for Ellie, and it’s just been crazy…”
I nodded forcefully. I was always the liar of the group; Candice was too naïve and Reesey too outspoken. I kept things buried deep, never tangible. It was a reason why I ran away from Julian. “Yeah, I completely get you. So, what were you going to tell me?”
For a moment, I thought she was going to announce pregnancy, but her blue eyes glistened as she said, “Henry and I are having our real wedding in August. I want you and Reesey to be my bridesmaids!”
“Oh,” I smiled. “That would be…wonderful.”
“I mean, you are my best friend, and I know we haven’t been able to catch up much, but I’d love…”
You know that feeling you get when you’re beat out by your best friend? The whole wedding thing, right after running away from the only man who cares about you? My mind drifted to Cassidy. Murphy’s anger. His want for me to edit the manuscript. Candice, wanting me to be her bridesmaid. Julian, opening up to me. Duke, the son I never had. Reesey, my best friend. My dying mother. Lola, marrying my brother. My father, doing it all on his own. I knew then.
I stood up, the skies in my eyes. Candice called for me as I entered the hallway. I strode quickly to Murphy’s office. Mr. Steinbeck was luckily seated on his desk, his dark gray hair cut perfectly. “Our favorite editor, Murphy!”
I shook my head, the heaves hitting my solar plexus. “I’m sorry, Murphy, Mr. Steinbeck. I can’t continue to edit Cassidy’s book.” Surprise hit them like Hurricane Katrina. I watched Murphy’s lips curve into an O. Mr. Steinbeck watched with calmness to hear what I was saying. 
I continued, my eyes water, “I grew to know Cassidy when I went to Georgia. She’s a wonderful woman and proved to be a great friend to me. However, I can’t do this. I cannot publish her book. I cannot allow her story to be above a writer who has the talent and passion to do something they really care for.”
Mr. Steinbeck’s eyes glistened. I wasn’t done, but he licked his lips and interrupted with, “Why, ding-ding-ding, we have a winner.”
“What?” I asked with confusion. “I said I wasn’t going to edit her story. Not with other writers who deserve our publishing rights.”
Mr. Steinbeck put his arm grossly around my shoulder. “You win, Stacey. You win it all.”
“What?” I asked with anger now. 
“It was a test. To see if you’d really do it. I give tests to those I want to hire for the more-important levels of my company.”
“A test?” I angrily seethed. “Cassidy was a lie?”
“Precisely. We can’t have incompetent people working for us, can we? I’d like to move you to lead editor, Stacey. The whole cha-bang.”
The weight of the world was on my shoulders suddenly. The words were on my mouth, the force of a volcano mixed with a tsunami. “No!” I screamed suddenly. “No! I won’t do it. You cannot send a fake actress to my home for a ‘test!’ I came in here to say I needed indefinite leave!”
“Stacey…” Murphy’s wide O was even bigger now.
“Listen to me, Murphy! I cannot work here for the time being. If you still want me after my life stops throwing rocks at my windshield, I’d consider, but right now, my mother needs me. And my little girl needs me.”
I can’t exactly tell you what happened next. I remember walking through the cubicles, pulling my shirt out of my skirt, the strips of cloth hanging helplessly. Candice was waiting for me, asking me questions, but I couldn’t hear her. I grabbed my keys from the drawer in my room and punched in the number on my phone to the airport.
The elevator ride was quick. I made it to my car, with Candice on my heels. Finally I turned to her and screamed, “Where were you when I needed you, Candice? You haven’t been in my life since your North Carolina awakening. I just had mine–and I can’t be around you right now. You have other priorities, and I have mine.”
“Stace…” Her eyes were hurt.
“I needed you!” I spat. “I needed you, and Reesey was there. You weren’t. It’s that simple, okay?”
I jumped into my car, feeling liquid stinging my skin. I sped away, the mix of salt and fear coursing through my veins. I packed my suitcase at the house quickly. I called Lola to tell her what I was doing. I called Reesey, telling her that I loved her, but I needed to do some reality-checking in Breezewater. I wasn’t sure when I’d be back.
Then, with the wheel firmly in my hands, I dialed Julian’s number. He didn’t answer, but I told him everything.
“Julian, I love you. I have to tell you before I make a huge mistake. But I’m in love with you. I’m going away for a few weeks. I have to do something before I come back to be with Momma. I’m an awful coward, I know. I need to work on myself before I see you again…but, Julian, you have to know some things. You are the best man I’ve met in my life. Your son is amazing. You are the…”
The phone ended. I had used too much time.
Time.
I found myself on the plane two hours later, after customs and check-in. I called Victor hurriedly. He answered quickly. “Now?” he shouted. “Now?”
“Yes,” I screamed. “I’m going through Atlanta. Atlanta to Miami, Miami to São Paulo. Either come with me, or I’ll go by myself.”
“They don’t even know we’d be coming…”
“Victor, I’m asking you to do this. You don’t have to.”
I heard him sigh. “Fine. You’ll see me.”
Atlanta. When I was back in the airport again, I called Momma. She didn’t answer either, but I poured my heart into her hands. “I’m coming back for you, Momma. I am going to be with you, forever if need be. I’m coming. But first I need to see my baby girl. I love you, Momma. My flight’s in a few minutes, and I have to find Victor, but you need to know, I’m finding myself closer to God…” The phone cut off again.
Victor appeared a sweaty mess. I hugged him tightly, and he said, “Why now?”
“We can’t waste any time, Victor. Not a minute more.”
He nodded. “Let’s do this. Let’s find Gloria.”

THE SKY WAS CLEAR above Florida. We made it to Miami a few hours later, and we stocked on snacks. We played each other in crosswords, slept, and joked around on the flight. I shared my music with him, ever reminding myself that he was nothing but my friend. After everyone else was asleep somewhere over the Caribbean Sea, I looked out into the ever-flowing sea.
We could crash now, and I would have said good-bye to no one. I could still be in Arizona, contemplating my life choices, or I could be here, finally standing up to myself, finding a path that could lead me to the perfection of decision. When the sun arose in a vivid orange, I looked to Victor and saw him staring at me.
“Stacey, what did you do? Why are…”
“I told you. There’s not a minute to spare.”
We were hit with the polluted air of São Paulo. There were thousands of people rushing about, and I looked over at Victor. We were dark-skinned, too, but we knew no Portuguese or Spanish. However, Victor had Gloria’s address on a sticky note in his pocket. We didn’t know how long we would stay, or if her adoptive parents even knew we were here. But we were. 
We took a taxi in the early morning. I fell asleep again against Victor’s shoulder. We were heading to Bertioga, a small town on the coast where Gloria lived. The nerves clinched my stomach as we drove to the ocean.
Only days before, I had been up the coast in the same ocean, digging my toes through sand of the same water. Here was my daughter’s town, a bright fixture of resort-leisure. She lived here. She saw these sights, just as I had seen them.
I couldn’t breathe.
When we made it to her home, my eyes were wide and I could barely breathe. The cabbie threw us out on her lawn. It was a small, sure home near the ocean. It had a white fence, and a bright mailbox with a handprint. An American mailbox that read, SUTTON. Gloria Sutton, not the prettiest name on the planet.
I stood rooted to the spot. How could I do this? But Victor tugged on my hand, and I dug my nails into my flesh. I knocked on their wooden door, not able to think of anything else.
A skinny American lady opened on the second knock. Her mousy gray-brown hair was piled on her head, and she looked at us with skepticism, and then, in a flash, she knew. She knew exactly who we were. Her eyes flickered between us, and she couldn’t speak.
A man’s voice said from beyond, “Honey, who is it?”
She didn’t speak. Paralysis claimed her. I didn’t blame the poor lady. I was ready to faint myself. “Honey?” The man called out again. 
I looked to Victor. He was silent. He could feel Gloria’s presence too.
The man appeared on the doorstep next. He was a short, bald man with a pudgy belly. He saw us and fear coated his eyes. He held his wife and said, “We knew it was time. Linda, they had to come someday.”
“I’m so sorry,” I whispered. “I heard Gloria was sick.”
He looked up with anger in his eyes. “You disrespected our privacy. You were the one who gave Gloria the DNA, so you’re to blame! Why the hell do you want to see her?”
“Todd,” Linda cried.
I didn’t expect his anger, but Victor held my shoulder. I could handle this. They were jealous. They knew we were here. And when her bald, skinny frame appeared behind them, I saw my entire life. The reason I was here. The reason why I was born was to be her womb. And she smiled. 

CANCER IS A weird thing. When you’re diagnosed, you can take it many ways. I was the girl who looked at the doctor and laughed. “I’m only twenty-three,” I chuckled. “I can’t have cancer, not when I just graduated, and...” A parasite. Or a genetic mishap. But for me, cancer meant I was going to have to change my life. So I did.
There were the treatments, the loss of hair, the pain, surgeries, tears with my friends. Then there was my real life–editing and pretending life was fine. There was the fear that I’d die alone. But I lived.
Seeing Gloria Kate was the worst thing I’d gone through in my life. She was skinny and unsure of herself at first. She was hiding behind her parents in the house of bright colors. A tall, curvy girl, but void of extra weight. Her skin was a rustic, beautiful brown, her eyes the color of the deepest honey. Her lips were pink and faintly resembled petals of fresh, ripe flowers. She was so skinny that I wished to hand her a juicy American cheeseburger. But from the sight of her almost-translucent skin, there would be no travels to America for juicy cheeseburgers.
“You’re not here,” cried Linda. “You’re not here.”
Todd’s anger was understandable. He broke down emotionally with his wife, his large eyes full of water. They were great parents. I could tell right off the bat. However, in this moment, I deserved the chance to see my daughter. She may not be my child in name, but she was my child by true blood. I was there when the doctor took her from my uterus after the shame of a teenage pregnancy in a small town. Gloria was viably my own; she was also Victor’s, and she was, more importantly, Linda and Todd’s. 
Victor held pulled me to him, knowing I was suffering the pain in my heart, too. This wasn’t just hard for the Suttons. It was hard for all of us, and most importantly, it was hardest for Gloria herself. She had the weight of the world on her shoulders. She shyly looked at me through the forms of her parents, and when our eyes met, I was truly witnessing paradise. A deep, solemn, blissful paradise.
“Mom,” Gloria said distinctly. Her voice was reminiscent of water on the creek beyond my family’s property in Georgia. It was Victor’s depth of soul, and I heard a bit of the charm of Tristan, a whiff of Ali’s honesty, and Michael’s diligence. I heard my father and the un-challengeable hue of my mother. As she turned, the strong jawline was a trait of my mother’s family, but the eyes were reminiscent of Victor. Gloria was her own person but she was definitely one of us, too.
Linda turned briskly. “Gloria, go upstairs.”
Gloria turned for a moment, but then she decided not to. Her mind was made up. I saw the streak of stubborn pride in her eyes. The calm ferocity of her demeanor was changed in a flicker of a moment. She released the cannula from her nose. “I know who they are, Mom.”
Linda’s lips quivered. Her husband pointed at her, and said, “Get upstairs, Gloria. This is not a discussion!”
Lola’s eyes were dilated from her lack of oxygen. She held the tube in her hand, and I looked at her. This was her act of defiance. She wouldn’t put it back in her nose until they allowed her to see me. Linda and Todd yelled at Victor and me, questioning our motives, but I was staring at Lola.
She pretended the ache in her lungs wasn’t painful. So it had spread from her ovaries to the lungs. She didn’t have much time at all then. It was Stage IV, and it was lethal. I saw her lips turn blue, and she refused to take a breath. Finally, I pushed into the door, with Todd and Linda cussing me out and threatening to call the cops, and Victor questioning my judgment. I ignored the sounds. All that mattered was that Lola had her cannula in place. I quickly did it for her, standing beside my tall girl, watching as surprise flickered across her eyes.
“Yeah, baby,” I said, touching her skin with love. “I know how to work these things.”
Linda screamed, “Get out of my house! Don’t touch my daughter!”
I turned, the blood boiling in my veins. “So you were gonna let her make a point and pass out right here? She’s my daughter, too.”
Linda shook her head violently. “You gave her up, Stacey. You gave her to us. She has no connection to you.”
“And I’m sure you told her I was a crack head with STDs, huh?” I turned to Gloria, watching as her eyelids bounced up and down. “You deserved better than what I could give you, Gloria. Your father and I”–at this, I looked at Victor, who watched with uncertainty–“were young kids, barely older than you. We knew that if we wanted to give you the best options in life, we’d have to give you to a family. We chose your parents. They chose us, and they chose you. They love you, and that’s all that matters.”
Gloria fumbled with her fingers. “And you love me, clearly. By flying all the way out here.” Her eyes danced toward Linda and Todd, who were quieted by their daughter’s words. “And they lied to me. They told me you were dead.”
I looked back at them over my shoulder. “It was better if I was dead.”
“No,” she shook her head. “Then I could have had answers. The cancer, why I am the way I am, where I come from, all of it. Instead, my parents lied to me, and now that you’re here, you make excuses for them.”
She hurried upstairs, dragging the portable oxygen tank behind her. I heard Linda bark anxiously, “Get out.”
I nodded, shimmying the bracelet I had of hers off my wrist. It was a little leather thing that Momma had bought for me after I decided to keep the baby. Engraved were the words I think of you every day. In my darkest hour or happiest time, your absence is still in my veins. You are my lifeblood. I love you and will always care. Your mother, Stacey. To my darling Gloria Kate. 
This was my only hope. A tiny bracelet for an infant nestled on the wooden floor. If Gloria didn’t find it, her parents surely would. In fact they’d be the likely ones to see it first, and they’d probably hide it from her too.
After I walked back outside with Victor’s hand on my back, he whispered, “Give it time.”
“We don’t have much of it,” I whispered, the tears limply falling on my blouse. “The cancer’s spread, Victor, to her lungs. Who knows where else it is. If she makes it, it’ll be a miracle from God.”
Victor opened the rental car door for me. It was a cramped, old thing, but we hadn’t really cared. We only needed wheels and an engine to get to Bertioga; now that we were here, we had nothing to do. Except wait. With time that was crucial.
After we drove from the block, the tears subsided and Victor said, “Why don’t we sightsee?”
“What do you mean?” I smiled.
He shrugged, suddenly a teenage kid again. “Well, while we’re waiting for Gloria to sneak out and go smoke Brazilian weed, why don’t we do touristy stuff? My niece Josie wants an autograph from some Brazilian writer named Gabriel Morais. She showed me a picture of him. He’s some twenty-two-year-old with a fashion style.”
I nodded. “Where is he from?”
“Santo André. Not too far from here.”
I nodded amicably again. “Let’s do it.”
Victor took my hand in his, a simple but dynamic gesture. “You know they’ll call, right?”
“Let’s meet Gabriel Morais before I sprint all the way back, okay?”
Bertioga was located on the Baixada Santista, a sprawling metropolitan area on the coast from São Paulo. As we passed through the tropical state, my mind couldn’t drift from the fact that I had done it. I quit my job, bought a ticket to Brazil, and found a way to connect with my daughter. 
Victor and I were silent as we passed the coast. The water was unchanging, the cities spread out easily like in North America. There were shantytowns, but nice places as well, a fluctuation of ease and simplicity. I barely ignored the rambunctiousness of the city life, preferring to think of Julian and Duke, then Momma, and everyone else.
Finally, after directing Victor through the fifth-most populated city in the state of São Paulo, we found the small, Rubik’s cube-shaped apartment of Gabriel Morais. It was a nicer area, one with a coffee shop and plentiful clouds in the sky, but I missed the openness of Georgia–the awaited time in the afternoon when a summer shower would bring winds from the ocean. Here I felt out of place, a black woman in the mix of diversity, but still somewhat confused.
Victor parallel parked on the edge of an access road to Gabriel’s building. We went to the lobby of his apartment building and called for him. While we waited, Victor perused through a Brazilian magazine, and I leafed through a book completely in Portuguese, trying to decipher any of the Spanish that Reesey taught me. 
It was about thirty minutes after we’d shown up that Gabriel finally made his introduction. He was a flamboyant man, one in purple leggings and a polka-dotted black-and-white shirt. His tan skin was complimented by South American green eyes, and his brown hair had the hint of gold. He was a small, strong man, one with thick veins and an apparent taste for vodka, because he was sipping one as he threw it into his man-purse. Noting that we were the only two people in the room, he bent down and offered me a kiss on the hand. Up close his eyes were greener than I remembered, as he impressed me with his English knowledge. “Why, it is not often that I see such a beautiful American woman.” His lips met my hand with a gentleman’s awareness.
“And how would you know I’m American?” 
“Besides that twangy accent, I see it in your eyes. You have a certain amount of reserve. Not Englishwoman reserve, honey, but a reserve unique to the northern continent. And your bone structure. Hard to come by. Those big eyes, beautiful bones, what a woman to behold.” He stood up and politely acknowledged Victor. “Now who is this delightful man who reminds me of…what are those American things? Oh, buffalos.”
I laughed, shielding my humored mind with a book. Victor looked at me with that “why-did-I-do-this-for-my-niece” look, but I was laughing. I liked Gabriel Morais. “Don’t kiss my hand, please,” Victor said.
Gabriel laughed with gentle persuasion. “I’d be happy not to. The beautiful lady had soft hands. I can tell you, Mr. Buffalo, have clammy ones. Now, I’d be obliged to handshake.”
“Good enough.”
“Now what brings you to my home city? Actually, this is not my home. I am from the north of Brazil, in a little Amazonian tent where the piranhas eat human flesh…funny, no? I can already tell that you do not believe me. Educated foreigners. You know then that piranhas are not as deadly as some may tell.” Gabriel dragged a chair from across the shag carpet to where we sat. “Americans, always confused by talk. You aren’t small-talk kind of people, I see. Well, what is this about? Publicity thing. Americans finally discovered the elusive Gabriel Morais, who just happens to be a screw-up with mismatched fashion skills?”
“No, actually,” Victor piped up, “my niece is a fan of yours.”
“What day is this, oh Lord? Judgment Day? I have a fan!” He clapped his hands in the air. He tilted his head and looked skeptically at Victor. “An American fan? One who gets his or her big uncle to meet me in person?”
Victor didn’t know how to respond. “Well, yeah…”
“Ah, tell your niece I am not about to dedicate a page for her in my next novel.” His eyes drooped, as he didn’t mean to reveal that fact. “And better yet, don’t tell your niece I said that.”
“What should I tell my niece?”
“I will be happy to take a photo with her handsome uncle and prim, bootylicious aunt…”
The weirdest part was not that he called me “bootylicious,” but that he referred to me as Victor’s wife or sister. So I perked up, “I’m not an aunt…I mean, I am, but not his…”
Victor turned beet red. “She is my friend.”
“That would explain why you are wearing a ring, Mr. Buffalo, but you, my lady”–with this he plopped another kiss on my hand–“aren’t. So may we run away to, what is the city, Las Vegas, and get hitched?”
I laughed. “We haven’t even been formally introduced, Slick.”
“Slick,” he laughed. “I like it. I am Gabriel Morais, what is your name, gatinha?”
“Stacey Monroe. And this is Buffalo, also known as Victor.”
Victor waved, pulling out his cell phone. “Can I snap a quick picture of you for my niece?”
They did a quick photo, even dragging me into the mix, before Gabriel pulled out a rainbow stack of papers from his pack. He wrote a beautifully scripted letter to Josie in Portuguese and English, adding: You will have the dedication in my latest novel, Josie, for being my first true American fan, and for your Uncle Buff, and your not-really Aunt Gatinha.
After he snapped his pen and looked at me soppily, he said, “Well what do you Americans want to do now? Food or travel?”
My eyes widened. “Oh, Gabriel, you are too nice. And you are dressed up, so you must be going on an adventure of some sort…and honestly, we were about to head to a hotel room, because of jet lag…”
“Jet lag, sweat rag. Did you see? I made that up, Gatinha? Anyway, my dears, let us explore. You only come to Brazil once in a lifetime, and this may be your only spree in Santo André. What if you were to die tonight? You would rather be partying, experiencing Brazil, than doing what all Americans ever do: sleeping (with the assistance of eating).” 
“He’s got a point,” Victor agreed with a squeeze of my hand. He winked, telling me mentally that it was okay. We were going out, and we needed this for now. The chance to forget everything and just be.
“Where to, buds?”
I stood up, a good few inches taller than Gabriel. That didn’t stop Mr. Over-the-top to loop his arm in mine. He looked up at me with full lips and pecked me on the cheek. Morais. Morais. Morais. 
Victor grabbed his stomach. “Food, particularly food.”
“Well, I know just the place right down the block. For lent, I swore off Prazer…”
“Does that mean lust?”
“Yeah,” Gabriel looked at me with happiness. He clapped like a proud, flamboyant man, and hugged me tightly. “How’d you know that?”
“My best friend is Mexican. She teaches me Spanish, and I don’t know, I just…”
“Is she really Mexican?” He leaned in, his lips inches from my ears. “Or is you being a racist?” 
“Is? Really?”
He laughed. “Kidding, of course!”
We entered the little café on his block. It was small, hideous, and questionable, but Gabriel promised the food was to-die-for. My taste buds were in heaven as soon as our waiter, a friend of Gabriel’s, brought out coxinhas, which were cheese and chicken balls of heavenly gooeyness. Gabriel smacked Victor to eat more of them, and by the time it was time to order our main dish, I was half-full from five of the little delicacies. Then Gabriel ordered pão de queijo, oily bread with cheese. In the end, I ordered moqueca de camarão, a dish of shrimp with coconut and palm oil, while Gabriel ordered vatapá, or fishy cream, and Victor ordered a conservative salad. 
Heaven. Heaven on earth. The dingy little café, Lust in English, was my new heaven. Then there was dessert, which meant brigadeiro for Victor and me, and mousse de maracujá for Gabriel. After we paid our bill and ended up on the street, I grabbed my stomach in happiness.
“I can’t drink on this stomach,” I teased.
Gabriel took my comment seriously. “Honey, we are going to work on our bellies. It’s time to explore!”
Victor gave me the look of “what-have-I-gotten-myself-into.” I didn’t know either. We went back to the car, where Gabriel reminded us that Santo André was famous for pollution, though the city had employed new techniques to end the dirtiness. And he insisted that we go to São Paulo, the big area of interest, and try to do as much as we could before sunset, before he went to mass.
As we drove to São Paulo from Santo, he asked Victor pointedly, “So, you guys are black.”
“Yeah?”
“Any rappers I can look up? I’ve been getting into the southern-American rap scene. Everybody know Kanye, but what about the good ones?”
I burst into laughter. Victor was never into rap, and I wasn’t either. That was more of an Ali thing, and now that this curly-haired Brazilian writer was asking Victor who his favorite rapper was. Surprisingly, Victor said easily, “Well, you probably heard of them, but Tupac and Notorious B.I.G. were big while we were growing up in Atlanta. I was the only 2Pac fan in my school, ’cause we were from B.I.G. territory.”
Gabriel repeated the name, and that began the talk of rappers in the hip-hop scene. I daydreamed for a little until Gabriel directed us to Museu Paulista, where he was shocked to discover that Victor and I were both Protestant. Lapsed Baptist, I reminded Victor when he explained our backgrounds.
Museu Paulista (commonly Museu do Ipiranga) was absolutely breathtaking. We stopped for a photo a hundred feet away, and it didn’t fit into the frame. While we didn’t have time to explore the grounds or visit extensively, my eyes fell in love with the architectural style. It was breathtaking.
Then there was the drive around Estádio do Canindé, where Gabriel tried to explain the importance of soccer. But Victor was a headstrong American football guy who argued with our host about the Super Bowl’s priority above the World Cup. Good way to start WW3. I was quiet most of our trip around the museums and sightings. As the sun set, we were directed to the Obelisk of São Paulo, which was lit up in the darkness.
Finally we drove back to Santo André, thanked Gabriel for his help and tour-guide skills, and we exchanged email addresses. Victor wasn’t too pleased I had asked for Gabriel’s email, but I didn’t care. I hugged him and he said, “Always my gatinha, right?”
“Forever and ever.”
After dropping Gabriel off at his apartment, Victor and I decided to spend the night nearby in a nice hotel. We shared a room to save money, but conserved our privacy as he called his wife and kids on a Skype call. I went downstairs to stay away from their conversation to phone my mother.
The minutes would cost a lot due to international lines, but I wanted to hear her voice. I could email, but the voice is a wonderful tool. She didn’t pick up, which was strange, so I called Reesey. She answered immediately, like I knew she would. It was easy to tell who my friends were.
But her voice was strained. She was confused, I could tell. “Reese?”
“Oh my goodness, Stacey, Ali called me…She…”
“Everything okay?”
“Oh gosh. Hey, can I call back later? Candice just stopped by, and she’s crying her eyes out. I’ll call as soon as she leaves, okay?”
“O-okay.” I hung up, the phone hanging in my hands. I wasn’t going to waste any more minutes. My phone felt strangely unreliable. I went to the business center of the hotel, logged into my email, and felt the heat rush to my cheeks.
There was one from Cassidy, who apologized directly about the act. Just a snippet: I know you can never possibly forgive me, but I really loved being around your family. You guys are some of the nicest people I’ve met in my life. Even if I’m rubbish, you are treasure, Stacey Monroe. So Ali had been right: Cassidy was merely an actress. Cassidy wasn’t actually Cassidy. She was Sarah Hughes of Burbank, California. She wanted to stay friends with me, and she loved my family. I deleted the email. There was only one word I wanted to say to her. Maybe a few more if my mood was dampened any further.
Another was from Candice. She was an emotional wreck, telling me she hadn’t called because she didn’t know the phone regulations and how much money it would cost to talk. She apologized and begged for forgiveness, and wanted a true interest in my life. She wanted to bond more, as she said herself, This marriage isn’t exactly easy. Well, if you have reservations, then you shouldn’t go through with it! I wasn’t in the mood to answer her, but I didn’t delete it. She was my friend, even if we were distant now.
Of course there was a flurry from people at work–specifically Murphy, Steinbeck, and Lola. I responded to Lola, keeping her in check, and asking her to water my plants at the Sahuarita house. I ignored Murphy’s pleas and Steinbeck’s direct way of saying: You can come back, and we’ll pretend this never happened. But that’s the problem–it did happen.
And though I knew he had no idea what my email address was, I hoped Julian sent one. Then I reminded myself I was the one who abandoned him, knowing deep down that I couldn’t be committed to a good guy like him unless I was nearby. I hoped that I could explain myself, why I loved him but needed to give him up. He was too good for me, too strong, too independent. There were still various questions I needed to ask him. The lawsuit, my family’s presence, the whole hoopla concerning Ryan.
Then, a few moments after I finished emailing Momma to inform her of my catastrophic decisions, a peculiar email landed in my inbox. I clicked the new alert button, and felt my body quiver when I saw it was addressed from GLORIA SUTTON. Her email address was listed beside her name. My lips quivered, and my flesh turned cold.

Mom (I’m not sure if it’s okay to call you this yet, but I’d like to), 

It took me two hours to find your email address. Mom and Dad sat me down and told me about you and my dad. They told me your name was Stacey Monroe, and that you had me when you were only a few years older than me now. While that scares me, I can see why. My father (would it be wrong to call him Dad?) is a handsome man. You’d be crazy not to think he’s a catch. (By the way, it was pretty obvious that he loves you from the way he was looking at you while you went to fix my cannula–which leads me to a new point altogether.) Anyway, after I heard your name, it only took a few swipes of the computer mouse to find Stacey Monroe, a gifted editor for Steinbeck Publishing in Tucson, Arizona. Under a description of the company were email addresses for the important bigwig editors, and your name happened to be there. And by some grace of God, whom I give all the credit to, your personal address was listed. So while you may not see this for years or ever, I know that I reached to you. 
I found your bracelet. My mom almost stepped on it. She called me for lunch, and I saw it from the light of the noonday sun shining through the door. I knew you left it there for a reason, and I know exactly why you gave me up. 
A seventeen-year-old girl who discovers she’s pregnant has three options, really: abortion, adoption, or choosing to keep the child. You could have aborted me, but you didn’t; I have to thank you right there. Then there’s adoption, something every mother like you has heard and thought: It’s so hard. Maybe the hardest decision is to do this. And you did. You knew that if you kept me, I wouldn’t be the person I am today. You knew that it could ruin my stability if you and my father married to protect me. Then no one would be happy. You knew that the best life I could have was where I am now, and while I hate the fact that I don’t know you, I love you because you had the strength to love me enough to give me away. 
Stacey, Mom, I want you in my life. The doctors say I haven’t got long. The cancer is horrible. It’s spread throughout my body very quickly. I find my mom crying a lot and she never gives me personal space. Dad tries to work, but he can’t leave for a second without kissing me or telling me about the day he got to hold me for the first time. I’m all they know. They couldn’t have children, and you gave them one. But they have to understand that I want to know my real parents before I die. A last wish, per se. 
We came to Brazil for three reasons. 1) Dad did receive a job transfer to Bertioga. 2) Mom and Dad knew that you and my other dad would look for me. Jealousy, I guess. 3) Cancer. They wanted to try medical options that are only available here. Stuff the US doesn’t approve, stuff like medical marijuana, crazy ops, and weird drugs. It’s supposed to be safe, but as I can vouch, nothing has changed.
I know that my parents would kill me if they found out I contacted you. I can’t write much more, because they’ll find out if my light is on any longer. They give me a lot of freedom, and Mom, I really am happy, but I want to know you as much about me as I want to know about you. I want to know everything. I saw a wedding ring on Dad’s finger, but not yours. Does that mean he didn’t marry you? And what’s your favorite color? Who’s your favorite singer? All that stuff. Do you like ketchup on your grilled cheese? Do you snore a lot too? 
Keep trying. Keep coming to my house. Do it, and my parents will let you in, not for you, but for me.

Love,
    Gloria.

P.S. Why did you name me Gloria?

Chapter Fifteen


WE WENT TO her house the next day. I memorized the drive on the way, knew exactly which beachy house was hers, and prayed that we could break down the barriers of the Suttons’ hearts. Victor knocked on the door, a groundhog day of yesterday, only for Linda to call Todd. Then he shut the door in our faces.
The next day, we went again. I knocked on the door again, still breathless. Linda threatened to call the cops.
The day after that was Victor’s last day in the country. We tried once more, but they ignored us. I drove Victor to the airport, and he asked me to find a way into Gloria’s life. I was to keep him up-to-date, as he had to return to work and his family in Georgia. I understood completely. 
And so everyday continued. I met up with Gabriel at Prazer, explored the city, found a cheap apartment outside of Bertioga, and rented the car. My savings was still strong, and if I needed to, I’d sell my house in Sahuarita for one precious second with Glo. Every single day was mimicked for a week: Wake up, prepare breakfast, knock on the Suttons’ door, leave, eat and chat with Gabriel, and travel the countryside.
It was on a warm day in the first week of June that Linda opened the door again. She looked at me and, in an accusing voice, said sharply, “You’re not going to leave, are you?”
I shook my head. “No.”
Linda stood rooted to the spot for a few minutes, battling her inner heart. Finally, she decided to open the door and allow me in. I heard the tick-tock of the clock, my own heart racing. I couldn’t breathe. I was inside their home once-more. I could almost spot the place I’d dropped Gloria’s bracelet.
Linda led me to the kitchen and offered me a cup of coffee. “Todd’s not here,” she said. “He’s at work. If he knew I let you in, he’d kick me out.”
“I hope you’re teasing.”
“I am, but it’s hard, Stacey Monroe. We love our little girl, and now that her mom’s showed up, we’re afraid you’ll take her away.”
“That is not what this is about,” I said clearly.
“No, but it is,” Linda said, pushing on her stringy hair. “We were always the outcasts. The white family with the black girl. We were doing okay, finally forgetting to care about what others said when the cancer episode started. Imagine looking in your eyes and thinking, there’s absolutely nothing I can do to help her. It was awful. So we wanted a fresh start. Up and went to Brazil. Thought there’d be no way that you or Victor would follow, and Lola’d get newer treatments down here. Nope, the treatments were useless, and here comes her birth parents. We knew you were looking, made contact, but didn’t think you’d actually come here. It’s a continent away.”
“I’m not taking her away.”
Linda shook her head, looking much older. “Maybe not physically, but over these past few weeks, Lola has had an incredible bounce of energy. Because of you. She knows you’re here, and she loves you.”
I didn’t know what to do or say. When Gloria walked in, she smiled at me, and looked at Linda. “Is that what you think? That I’d abandon you and Dad for Stacey? You and Dad have given me everything, and there’s nothing I can do to thank you. But I can promise you that I’m not leaving you guys. You’re my parents, not Stacey.”
Her eyes watered, but she continued. “But that doesn’t mean I don’t want Stacey in my life. I came out of her vagina.” At this she laughed, but then coughed. Her lids were swollen, and she was as skinny as a rail.
“Honey, come sit down,” Linda smiled, offering her daughter a class of pop for breakfast. I noticed Gloria was not interested in food. Her eyes were glistening as she sipped the dark liquid. 
“You allowed her in,” Glo said with a wink. “Where’s Victor?”
“He had to fly home.”
“You’re staring at me,” she said with another wink. “Is it because you realize how hideous I look?”
I knew she was teasing, but Linda hushed her. “Nah, Glo. I can tell how beautiful you are. Those amber eyes, goodness. And you’re tall, so I definitely think you can be a model.”
“Really? A model, huh? Not my choice of profession. I’m one of those people who have absolutely no clue what they want to do with his or her life. And that’s okay, because…”
Linda angrily looked at her daughter, understanding exactly what Glo meant. Before anything else could be said, Linda’s eyes landed on me. “How long are you staying?”
“As long as Gloria would like me here.”
Glo’s eyes lit up. 
“Now, you’re a book editor. How are you going to manage staying here when you have...”
“Linda, I quit my job. Because I knew that Gloria wasn’t doing well, and because my mom is also dying. Cancer.”
Lola tilted her head. “It runs in the family?”
Linda had an array of emotions on her face. She didn’t know what to say, and I understood why.
“Yes, Gloria, it does.”
Lola stood up, and a torrent of tears hit her cheeks. “The doctors say I have, maybe, a month or two. Could be shorter, could be longer. In a jealous way, I want you to stay here but I know that’s not my decision. Your mom needs you.”
“And so do you, Gloria.”
Linda wouldn’t speak. She knew that I was here now, and Glo wanted me here. “I need to talk to Todd, Stacey, but why don’t you stay with us?”
“Mom, you’re not listening to her,” Glo pointed out. “Her own mom needs her.”
I looked at my feet. “Until Momma absolutely needs me, I’m not going to leave you, Gloria. I’ve spent a life with my mother, but not with you.  If your parents would allow me to be here, I’ll stay. I’ll tell you everything I know–my cancer, my mother’s cancer, all about your dad. I’d like to build the bridges between us.”
Glo’s eyes softened. “You had cancer?”
I nodded. “Ovarian, and I’m still here.”
Hope dawned in her eyes. Linda understood that it was too late for her daughter, but she recognized that hope is a good thing. Sometimes hope is all we have left. It weaves into our thinking like a parasite hunting for blood, but hope is absolutely necessary. Without it there is no future.
“You had it?” Glo whispered. “You knew?” Her eyes rested on her mother’s gaze.
Linda nodded once. “Of course we knew. Not until you were already ours, honey.”
“That’s the thing,” Gloria shouted, “I’m not just yours. When are you going to pick up on that? I’m not just a Sutton. I’m also Stacey and Victor’s baby. You and Dad should be thanking them, not condemning them for wanting to be a part of my life. 
“Stacey’s not trying to steal you away from me, Mom. She’s just trying to have a friendship with me before I die. Why can’t you see that?”
She turned and stomped away again, but this time, I went after her. I knew it wasn’t my place, but I followed her up the rickety stairs. I heard a door slam, and when I made it to her blue door, I knocked. “It’s Stacey. Let me in.” 
A few seconds later, her gold eyes appeared. Her nose was running and her eyes were watery. “You came. That impresses me.”
“I’m not leaving.”
“Until I die, you mean. Come on, you know as well as I do that I’m going to die. Everyone dies eventually. I’m okay with that, especially since I know my birth parents really care about me. But you had cancer, too.”
I nodded. Her room smelled like apricot, and she allowed me in. Posters of TLC, Destiny’s Child, Avril Lavigne, Nickelback, and Coldplay covered the colorful walls. She was an OCD person, not a thing out of place. Words lined the walls, quotes from Tolstoy and Freud, and unpopular writers whom I had never heard of. 
I sat down on her lumpy bed. “I did.”
“I know there’s not a chance for me. It’s already spread, and my parents basically sat me down, and we decided to stop with all the radiation and surgeries that were doing nothing to help. So here I am, locked up like Rapunzel in my room, emailing lost mothers and Beyoncé.”
“You’re so strong, you know that, right? I can see it in your whole demeanor. Even if you die, we’re all going to miss you so much. You’re a fighter.”
“I feel sick all the time, Stacey. It’s like this abyss. One minute I’m fine, and I can feel life in my veins. The next, I’m ready to curl in a ball and fall asleep, and never wake up. Mom always yells at me when I make comments like that.”
“You knew I wouldn’t.”
“How is my grandmother? You said she has cancer, too.”
“She’s still making sweet tea. You know, I’m sure we can Skype her. If my brother is still in town with her, he can set it up so you guys can video each other…”
Her tawny eyes lit up. “You know, it’s actually pretty neat finding about you, Stacey. It was always obvious that I wasn’t my parents’ birth kid.”
I couldn’t resist anymore. I pulled her into me, and she laid her head in my lap. And we sat together, and it felt like bliss. Sweet serenity.

WHEN I MET Gabriel at his apartment that afternoon, my phone finally buzzed with a call from Momma. I picked it up immediately as Gabriel handed me a bag of Taqis–which aren’t readily available in Brazil, mind you–and a chilled pop. I sat on his bean bag chair and laughed as he pantomimed a gazelle.
“Momma?”
“Oh, honey, where are you? You’re still not back, and we’re all worried sick about you. Are you ever coming back?”
I bit my lip. Gabriel noticed that I was serious now, and he disappeared into his room. It was amazing how close we’d become in a matter of three weeks. He had been a constant fireball of energy, parading me to waterfalls and art museums, telling me his life story and trying to convert me to Catholicism. I even gave him Reesey’s phone number, though he was “in a committed relationship, but not a mentally unstable kind of committed.”
“Momma, I’m afraid I’m not coming back for a while.”
“You’re in Brazil, honey. If you’re there for so long, you’ll have to apply for citizenship, and then…”
“Momma, I’m not moving here. I hear you crying. I am starting a relationship with Glo.”
“How is she?”
“She’s sick, Momma. She won’t make it long. So I’m gonna stay here for her, until the end.”
Momma sighed deeply. “Honey, I understand your decision, but you have an entire family here in Georgia who needs you.”
“Are you okay? Has it spread?”
“No, honey, I’m fine. Of course I’m losing weight and starting treatment, but you need to be with Gloria. I understand that. It’s just…” The alarm in her voice was clear.
“What is it, Momma?”
“Come home when you can, all right?”
She hung up, and I spent the afternoon playing bingo with Gabriel. 

SO THAT WAS how the weeks panned out. I moved in with Gabriel at first, travelled daily to my daughter, ate and cooked and cleaned with her and Linda. Todd finally opened up to the idea of my presence, and we worked together as a unit. Gloria taught me how to knit, and I taught her how to use her Mac efficiently. I gave her makeup tips and fixed her patchy hair every afternoon in a different style. 
There was no doubt about her progress. She was losing weight, losing her memory, and her spirit was in and out. There were afternoons where we drove to the ocean and sat in the sand, talking about why and how and when. She wanted to know everything she could, and I did my best to tell her. She told me I was impulsive, and I told her she was gregariously blunt. She offered me advice.
When I got back to the US, she wanted me to march up to Julian, tell him I was an idiot, and kiss him like in the movies. I showed her pictures of my family, and she compared herself to Ali’s jawline, Michael’s eyes, and Momma’s appetite. Her mother and I communicated well, while Todd seemed distant.
On June 1st, wrapped in a silvery-laced package, a package was postmarked for Breezewater, Georgia, addressed to Douglas “Duke” Martinex. It wasn’t likely that Duke’s birthday present would make it to him in time for his birthday, but it would be close. And for those of you who wonder what I got him: two books, one on alien encounters and one daily devotional for boys. 
After I returned home to Gabriel’s in the evenings, I edited his book for him, cooked and learned bits and pieces of Portuguese, and lived a life that was distinctly not me in my past life. Gabriel introduced me to his girlfriend (yes, I was surprised at this), and I bonded with her. I convinced Gabriel to propose, which he did in late-June. His girlfriend moved in, and I moved out, opting to stay with the Suttons to be closer to Glo, as her strength and state-of-mind were quickly deteriorating.
Linda and Todd were becoming ragged thin, and I was there to help in any situation. Laundry, cooking, walking the pet dog, Angelou, and whatever they needed. There was Glo, too. She was losing her spirit, and I talked to her like nothing was different. Watching anyone die is like stabbing your own guts into tiny, acidic slivers. The pain is unbearable.
I kept my family updated through email, but it was July 10th when I received a strange message from Ali.

They didn’t want me to tell you, sis. But you needed to know. You need to come home ASAP. Not for Momma, but for Julian.

I racked my brain through the possibilities. I ignored my gut and focused on Glo’s well-being. July 13th was the last day that she was fully aware. She was in her bed, sleeping some and listening to music, and asked Linda, Todd, and me to pray for her grandmother Gloria. I cried as we prayed, and I actually listened to the possibility that God could hear us. I knew he could.
I held her hand. We didn’t leave her bedside table.
The next day was it. She fell into unconsciousness, and Linda called the doctor to visit. The plan had been to let Glo fall into a deep sleep at the house, and then she’d be gone. The pain, the cancer, it would all be gone.
I stayed with them for a week. We buried her in a nearby cemetery, and there was so much pain and scariness in those days. We sat in the living room together, no one saying a word. There were tears. Constant yelps of, “Why?”  The sun never popped out through the clouds. Gabriel stopped by with meals, and his girlfriend was supportive, but it was obvious that nothing would be the same.
Gloria Kate Sutton. A human being no more. But she was healthy wherever she was, and I knew that day, in the deepest confines of the soul, that she was watching from heaven.
The seventh night after her death, I received a phone call from Ali.
“Did you get my email?” she shouted through the phone.
“I’ve been kinda busy.”
“Stacey,” she said, “it’s Julian. He’s been in a bad, bad wreck. It happened back in May.”
“What?”
“Momma wouldn’t let any of us tell you, but he’s been asking for you a lot.”
“Is he okay?”
“You need to come home as soon as you can. To Georgia.”
So, I packed my suitcases, kissed Linda and Todd, telling them I’d visit again. They thanked me for my help, and Linda placed Lola’s bracelet in my hand. “She wanted you to have it.”
Gabriel drove me to the airport, and I felt the heat rush to my cheeks. I hadn’t been able to properly grieve yet. My baby was in the ground. Victor knew; he was just as dark. Gabriel kissed my cheek at the gate, and we promised to Skype. I’d be back for his wedding, I told him. I meant it.

WHEN I ARRIVED in Atlanta, I was shocked to see Lily holding a little brown-skinned baby. I held the child, a little girl named Emmeline Mae, who was swaddled in a cute little outfit. Her eyes were a precious shade of hazel, and I cuddled her while we walked to the car. The ache in my stomach was there; however, there was life, here, new life.
“How is Lola?” Lily asked.
The tears fell.
Lily was quiet. She took my hand in hers. “You know, no one said you have to accept it yet. Let the tears come. And the best thing to think about is that she’s no longer in pain, and she’s watching you from heaven. You’ll be with her again.”
“You think?”
Lily nodded. “Yeah.”

Chapter Sixteen


DAD AND MOM were sitting on the porch of our Breezewater home. I fell into their laps. They hadn’t expected me, and only Lily was contacted about my trip. She was staying with my parents for the month of July while Michael worked on a job transfer to South Carolina. He resigned his position in New York and found the closest job in the Carolina side of Augusta. It paid well, and they’d be closer to Momma. Michael told me that Lily was the one who was adamant about this decision. 
They didn’t know that I knew about Julian either. So when I cried on top of my father, and finally remembered Glo’s wish that I find Julian, I pulled myself together. “Where is he?”
“He’s at his house.”
“He never told me which one it was,” I pointed out. 
Dad breathed heavily. “I never wanted to tell you this.”
“Oh, just tell her!” Momma said, swatting her husband. She gave me her gooey eyes, the look of love, and said, “It’s your house.”
“My house?” Then it hit me: Julian’s house…was my favorite house? The Southern Colonial with the green grass? Like a bolt of lightning, I biked to his house as fast as I possibly could. My eyes were soaked with tears when I reached his place. Duke was on the front porch steps. He looked genuinely bored as he read none other than the UFO book I’d purchased for him in Brazil. When he saw me, he shouted, “Stacey!” 
I fell down on the steps beside him, putting an arm around his shoulder. “Duke!”
He didn’t hesitate under my touch. His eyes were crystal clear, the honesty of a child. “Dad’s inside. He’s been really crabby lately. I asked him all the time where Miss Stacey went. Where did you go?” His eyes widened. In the two months since I’d seen him, Duke had grown. His chin was front tooth was missing, and his nose seemed sharper. Even his voice wasn’t the same.
“To see my little girl. Want me to go talk to your dad, Duke?”
“Yeah.” He nodded, but before I got up, he held my hand. “Why’d you leave, Stacey, without saying good-bye?”
“I promise I won’t do it again, okay?”
“Okay.”
The orchestra of a depressing classical song filled my head. I left Duke on the front porch, stepped inside the house, and heard the groaning from Julian down the hall. I followed his wretched moaning and outside of his door, I fell to the floor. I cried. I couldn’t stand to hear him like this.
Finally, his sniffling disintegrated, and I heard him say, “Is it you, Stacey?”
Suddenly I was met with Julian, who had longer hair and the same rugged face. I knew then that he had changed. Healing scrapes and scratches covered his face. He looked at me with the pain of love, but his wheelchair was what put him face-to-face with me. His long legs were draping over the sides, his pained expression lifeless.
“Julian,” I whispered, covering my mouth with my hand. “What happened to you?”
Julian said bluntly, “You.”
“What do you mean?”
“I…I was driving to Atlanta in the middle of the night, searching for a flight to São Paulo, after I heard you quit your job and decided to visit your daughter. I wanted to be with you, Stacey. I wanted to be there for you.”
“And…”
“Yes, the roads were slippery. I hydroplaned, hit a tree, and now I’m paralyzed from the waist down.”
“Julian.” The words, the pain, it was all unbearable.
“Sit with me,” he whispered sadly. He motioned to his lap, and I cradled him. I wrapped my arms around his neck, feeling his sinewy muscles and wondering when they would dissipate. “I wanted to take in your smell.”
I cried on him. He wrapped his strong arms tightly around my waist, and it probably did make an awkward picture, but I said, “I’m here now. I’m not going anywhere, do you hear me?”
He kissed my hair, my cheek, my neck. “I can’t live without you, Stacey, but you have to let me go.”
“What do you mean?”
A hint of a wicked smile formed on his lips. “Look at me, Stacey. I can’t give you what you need.”
“What are you talking about?” I screamed. “I did this to you, and I’m in love with you, and I…I made a mistake by running away from how I feel about you. I want to be your Mary, as long as you be my Joseph. Plus, I had cancer. You can’t scare me off that easily, bud.”
“Quoting the Bible now?” he smiled. I nudged his neck. “I don’t want this to change me, Stacey, but it already has. I can’t be a cop now, I can’t play with Duke, and I find myself worn thin. I don’t know…”
“Julian, shut up for once,” I said, kissing his lips quickly. I sat up. “I’m moving back to Breezewater. You don’t have to do this alone.”
His eyelids opened bigger. “You’re moving here?”
I nodded, biting my lip, having the sudden urge to kiss him. The sudden urge to wrap my hands in his hair, and feel the warmth of his muscled chest. “I’m moving back here. And you’re not alone.”
“Your mom has been helping me every day. Reggie and Martha have been staying over here, too, just helping. These people are good people, Stacey. I know they hurt you when you were a teenager, but they’re good…And your father. I ruined his reputation. I sued him, Stacey. I never wanted to tell you, because I thought you’d hate me…I sued your father. I ruined him.”
I shook my head. “Julian, you sued my father because you wanted revenge on him. That was the way you knew how. I don’t blame you for loving your wife. I forgave you a long time ago. My dad told me about you. But Julian, I’m already here. I’m not leaving this time. I’m here for the long run.”
And he held me even tighter. The words dripped off of his lips like bees sipping warm honey. “Marry me.”

Chapter Seventeen


WHEN I THOUGHT of Candice’s gunshot wedding, I really wanted to slap her. However, now that a man–a handsome, talented hunk of man–was looking at me like a puppy with that love and adoration, I understood why she went to Vegas. I understood completely.
Julian was paralyzed now. The car wreck left him in a ditch, paralyzed and afraid, as he was trying to find me. Guilt flooded my veins nearly every minute, but I knew that we loved each other, and while it would be the new, hard chapter of my life, we’d get through it together. We were surrounded by a loving family who cared about us. I was the town teenage baby-momma. He was the cop, a man in a toxic marriage. 
So when the words finally hit me, all of my thirty-years-plus of world experience disappeared. I looked at him for a few good minutes, and he finally laughed, “I’m embarrassed now.”
I let my head fall against his chest, feeling his heart beat like a drum. “Of course, Julian. Of course I’ll marry you. I’ve just waited forever to hear those words, to hear that someone loves me like you do.”
Julian’s breath was against my ear, tickling me. “What’s crazier is that you said yes to a clown like me. Mrs. Stacey Martinex. I like it.”
“Oh, I’m keeping my middle name. Stacey Monroe-Martinex.”
Julian laughed. “I’m too excited to argue with you, Stacey Martinex.”
I nuzzled his chin. I felt the sudden presence of someone being there. Of course Southern manors are always “haunted,” but I knew this wasn’t the feeling of a ghost in the house. Glo was watching. And she was laughing. Wishes do come true.

WHEN I BIKED back to my parents’ house, they were inside together baking a cake. If the blush on my cheeks wasn’t evident enough, my mom could read my mind even if I were in Brazil. So when she saw me, she screamed jubilantly, and furrowed me into her ample cleavage. Dad had no idea what was going on, but Lily and little Emmeline came in, and the first bounced her baby up and down on her hip.
“Why are we celebrating? I’m completely confused.”
Mom threw her apron at Dad. “Stacey’s getting married! Our baby girl is getting married!”
Dad’s eyebrows furrowed, a typical dad response.

AFTER I PACKED up my belongings, I biked to Julian’s, intent on staying at his place. I read a book with Duke, prepared mac and cheese for dinner, and learned all the medications Julian was prescribed to take. It was a good first move-in day with my fiancé.
I called Reesey for a girls’ chat after I helped Duke into his pajamas and brushed his teeth. Julian was lifting weights in his room, and I was in the large library.
“Reesey,” I said.
Reesey sounded troubled, but she coughed and said, “I’m so sorry about, Gloria.”
“The pain will never go away. It hits me at all times, like pinpricks on the skin. But I feel her with me, Reese. It makes it easier…But no, actually, I need to tell you something.”
“What’s up?” she asked distantly.
“I’m engaged!”
The chatter of my Mexican best friend erupted on the phone, and I felt my toes tingle from the giddiness. Reesey slurred in Spanish and said, “When is the wedding, girl? Goodness! This is great news!”
“No idea, honestly, Reese. Probably not for a while, but I have to update you on everything later.”
“Are you staying in Breezewater permanently?”
I felt Reesey’s questioning in her tone of voice. I hated to do this. I felt like this could put a damper on our relationship. Reesey and I were the two single ladies who ate buckets of ice cream and watched LMN together. “Yeah, I think so. Hey, can we chat later? I’ve gotta call Candice.”
Her voice sounded overly peppy. “Sure, yeah, see you!
I dialed Candice’s number, and I was surprised when she picked up right off the bat.  Her voice was the same, crazy-kid Candice I loved. “Candice speaking. Who can I completely confuzzle?”
I left my nerves outside. The last conversation we had wasn’t great, but now I wanted to build those bridges. “Candice?”
She sneezed. “Oh, good Zeus! Is that you, Stace?”
I giggled. “Hi, Candice.”
“Can I apologize? I’m so sorry, you know I’m the world’s biggest goofball…”
“Stop, Candice, really. I miss you so much. I’ve been so awful lately…”
I heard her sniffle on the phone, and then I heard her shout, “Turn that off, Henry!” as Peppermint whined. Busy house, I guess. 
“I’d like to come to your wedding, Candi.”
I could feel her enthusiasm through the telephone wires. “Your invitation is with your mom, Stace, but I would like you to be my bridesmaid. Of course you don’t have to…”
“Shut up, Candice. You’re my best friend, and I love you. We don’t say that enough, you know?”
“I love you, too, Stacey. And you’re my best friend. You better know that by now, lady.”

THAT NIGHT, AS I slept beside Julian in his bed (please don’t tell my pastor father), I listened to his labored breathing. He was here, with me, right next to me. Yeah, his wheelchair was nearby, but right now, things couldn’t get any more perfect unless Glo were here, too. Duke was right down the hall, camped under the glow in the dark stars on his wall. And I was here, too. I was in love.

Chapter Eighteen


CANDICE’S OFFICIAL NORTH Carolinian wedding was on August 13th, probably the hottest day of the year, but she told me she waited for my presence before the wedding. She couldn’t have her family wedding without me, she said. She was the only friend who sent me a grievance card for my daughter’s death. Reese seemed distant, and I barely talked to her in the month of July.
My relationship with Julian was steady. There were times of his frustration, which was to be expected. Duke spent many days with Reggie while I drove Julian to physical therapy in Atlanta. They told us that there was a chance Julian could walk again, but the percentage dropped with each passing day. Julian, desperate, worked his body to the limit, doing little exercises to help his physique and build his strength up. Meanwhile there were fundraisers, local media coverage, and prayer for Julian. Donations flooded in for finances, as Julian was on paid leave, but obviously he could not be a paid police officer forever.
In the early days of August, I went to Chaucer, North Carolina, for Candice’s impending wedding. It was a ten-hour or so drive up to the mountains. Momma Gloria, Dad, and Lily would bring Julian and Duke up for the actual nuptials in a few days.
As I drove to Chaucer in Momma’s car, I finally uttered a few words that were long in the making. “Hey, God. Um, can you watch Julian and Duke while I’m gone? Make sure they don’t get food poisoning.” Ugly prayer, I know, but I immediately felt a sense that God was listening.
I made it to Chaucer in one piece. When I drove up the tree-lined path that housed the impressive, ginormous Desrosiers Estate, my eyes widened and I bit my tongue to make sure I wasn’t actually dead. The mega-mansion was a French chateau, with impressive stone and a marble entryway, plus lush garden surrounded by blue-topped mountains and oak trees. I couldn’t believe that this was where Candice was getting married. This was the family she married into.
When I made it to the front porch, Candice’s only sister, Ellie, was outside smoking a cigarette. Her blonde hair was flowing in the wind, and she offered me a solemn smile. “Don’t tell, please?”
“You okay, Ellie?” I’d only seen Candice’s sister a few times–she didn’t come to Arizona often–but I knew her well enough to see the bags under her eyes. Candice had informed me of Ellie losing her baby, and the disastrous relationship with Liam Desrosiers, the youngest Desrosiers of Generation Y.
Ellie shrugged. Her dress was designer, but she didn’t seem to be the same Ellie I knew. “I’m fine.”
“You know that’s the woman’s biggest lie.”
She wiped a tear from her eyelid. “Candice is getting married where I was supposed to have my wedding eight months ago. And…there’s no way I can resolve my relationship with Liam. He’s already moved on.”
“Ellie, come on,” I said, pulling her into a hug, “you’re so beautiful, smart, and funny. You’ve had a bad year, but good always comes from bad. Like a wilting flower. You’ll get your sun.”
“Someday,” she whispered. “Thanks, Stace. Come on inside. Reesey’s already here, and Shelby, and Greta.”
We walked into the beautiful, Sistine Chapel-beautiful foyer. A sweeping staircase, grand piano, bouquet of huge, and blossoming flowers were only a few staples of the yellow room. The home smelled of love and drama. Candice was on the steps in a blue summer dress, which was weird for her. Last summer she only walked out of the house in work attire or pajamas and sweatpants. Seeing her so girly was a surprise, but I hugged her and she tickled me above my hips like we used to do. 
“Stacey,” she said, holding me. Then she pulled away, and our eye contact spoke volumes. Candice wasn’t one for emotional queries, but she held me and said, “Are you okay? It’s okay to cry.”
I nodded. “But Glo would want these tears to be from laughter. Come on, where’s Henry?”
“Ah, still thinking about going after my husband, I see?”
I shook my head. “After being excluded from your sleazy Vegas tying-of-the-knot and all of this, yes, I’ll take him while I can.”
She saw the engagement ring on my finger, an antique of Julian’s grandmother, and she screamed. “It’s beautiful! Topaz. Just right for you. Ellie, come look at this!”
“Where’s Reesey?”
Reesey walked in with her hair in complete disarray, makeup smudged across her cheeks, and a box of tissues. She sneezed and wiped her nose. “Reesey is enfermo.”
I hugged her anyway.

OF COURSE WE planned a killer bachelorette party in Asheville. This time, though, unlike Ellie’s bachelorette party, it was tame and didn’t involve too much drinking. We had a treasure hunt, got Candice embarrassing presents, and hired a male artist to sketch her outside in a park gazebo.
Then there was all the food. The Desrosierses had a personal chef, Bentley, who cooked and allowed me to try every single combination of steak, tilapia, and shrimp with veggies possible. I met with Adele, had my eyebrows plucked, and called Julian and Duke every night before going to sleep in one of the magical bedrooms.
Reesey and I cried about Gloria at night, I walked Peppermint the lab during the day, and swatted the handsome, god-chiseled Henry before dinner. Candice and I learned how to play polo at a country club, I had late-night venting sessions with Ellie, and met Henry’s sister, Shelby and cousin Greta. 
Finally August 13th came.
My family arrived along with a flurry of people from Arizona, Ohio Quakers, and various other places. I wheeled Julian around, introducing him to my best friends, and playing with Duke’s little tie. He danced with Shelby’s little girl, Charlotte, who was many years younger. But that didn’t stop anyone, right?
Adele designed the yard to be a magical fantasyland. There were roses everywhere, symbolizing the love of Candice and Henry, and a silk altar lining huge oak trees. There were string lights highlighting the chairs, altar, and trees. The nuptials would be at sunset, but it was beautiful no matter the time of day. Adele, sparing no expense, even hung chandeliers at every available inch of tree space. The mountains still stood erect and powerful. As a bridesmaid, I kissed my fiancé, future son, and parents, and opted to go upstairs to prep Candice. Candice picked a mint green dress ensemble for us bridesmaids. Reesey was still sneezing and coughing everywhere, but I tied her dress, which highlighted her tan skin, and curled her hair. She did my makeup, and I laughed as she put on fake eyelashes, even though she was the queen of mascara.
“So,” I said, twisting my back. “Ready to meet a man down there? Maybe you’ll catch the bouquet.”
Reesey sat in my lap. “I miss you so much already, Stace. How can I live with my best friend on the other side of the country?”
“I honestly don’t know.”
And I didn’t.
The other bridesmaids flurried around Candice. They curled her hair, put the veil in place, and zipped up her sweetheart gown. As she stood up, gasping for air because of the tight corset, she looked at me. “Stace, what did I get myself into?”
“Somebody, get Erasure on stat.”
Candice smiled at me. “You know me so well.”
I winked at her. “Hey, Reesey and I are going to go downstairs and see if the groomsmen are all in place, okay?”
“Perfect,” she said as she shouted with the pull of the corset.

HENRY WAS IN the foyer. “I just want to see her,” he laughed. He was surrounded by his friends from med school and the like. Doctors seemed to be every which way. But then there was a handsome, suave Latino doc. I tugged on Reesey’s hand as we walked down the steps, hounded by handsome guys.
I could hear Reesey grunt under her breath, but Henry distracted us. “Is she okay? I know she’s probably mentally killing herself. Is my tie okay?”
I tugged on it. “Yeah, you look good. Who is this man?” I said, pointing to the man beside him.
The Latino stuck his hand out, a lovestruck look on his face. It was not unusual for men to be spellbound by Reesey. She was just that gorgeous. With her chocolate eyes, heart-shaped face, and long, black hair–plus those Kim Kardashian curves –she was a beautiful lady. And while she was a bit ditzy at times, she had a great heart. “Enrico Rosio.”
“Ah, I’m Stacey.” I made sure to show off my new ring, but I pulled Reesey beside me. “This is my best friend, Reesey Sanchez.”
Enrico eyed her with delight. “Reesey Sanchez, what a beautiful lady.”
Henry rolled his eyes and pulled me to the side. “How is she really, Stace? I know you’ll tell me.”
“Freaking out. The girls are making her this pretty Barbie doll.”
“Which is not Candice. She’s doing this for our families. She just wanted a gunshot wedding. Literally. Oh, not to mention. She wanted fried chicken and a cake as the venue.”
I nodded. “She’s doing this for you, too.”
He smiled. “I love her, and man, does she love you. Stace, I heard about your daughter. I consider you my friend, and I’m so sorry.”
I nodded. I didn’t say anything, because I didn’t want to ruin my makeup, but I let him hold me. When I turned around to see Reesey angrily eyeing me as Rosio tried to sidle her, I caught a yellow-haired German boy ogling my friend from across the foyer.
Oh, Good God. I recited a few Hail Mary’s.

HENRY KNEW OF Kurt Kapelmann. He didn’t know who Kurt Kapelmann was exactly, but he knew of him. So when I left Henry to fetch Kurt, I felt my heart drop into my liver, if that’s possible. Kurt would have a heart attack by the way he stared at my friend. She was gorgeous, and he was handsome Kurt, but I threw him with all my force into the coat closet under the staircase.
“Stacey?” he asked in a shocked voice.
“What are you doing here?” I was ready to pummel him.
He raised his hands up. “I’m here because I was invited by Candice.”
I shook my head. “She made a mistake by trusting you, Kurt. I heard about what you did. Flying out here when you knew it was done.”
“I’m actually here as her friend, Stacey. I know you don’t like me…”
“Understatement.”
“I deserve that, I do,” he said, trying to play benefit of the doubt, “but I’m not in love with Candice anymore.”
“You expect me to believe you won’t go after Reesey? I saw the way you were looking at her. It makes you a double-crosser. A gay man who goes after a heterosexual woman. Wait, that was just a bad analogy. Anyway, you’re at your ex-lady’s wedding, ready to fall at her best friend’s feet? Just like you, Kurt. People never change. That’s my freakin’ mantra.” Then for extra measure, I took the wine glass from his hand and gulped the remaining liquid.
“Gonna let me go enjoy the festivities now?”
“Stay the hell away from Reesey, or so help me, Lord, I will hurt you. Don’t cross me, Kapelmann.”
I left the closet, found Reesey, rescued her, and went back to Candice. Somebody was ready to get married again. 

TECHNICALLY, AS CANDICE’S maid of honor, Ellie was responsible for holding the dress’s train, while the rest of us, who held bouquets of purple violets, were supposed to look pretty and smile. But it was a pure, five-woman effort helping Candice down the staircase without falling. She was already the world’s klutziest person, so basically, we carried her.
I peeked outside to where the pristine lawn was covered in cars of all models and makes. The wedding would take place east of the beautiful Desrosiers garden, where, supposedly, Candice fell in love with Henry, and/or vice versa. 
Candice panted repeatedly. “I’m so scared! There’s only about a one percent chance that I won’t fall as I walk down to the altar.”
Shelby Lantana, Henry’s really pretty cousin, was last-minute fixing Candice’s bridal garb. “You’re not wearing heels, Cand. It’s gonna be okay. You can do this.”
Candice looked at Reesey and me with desperation. Reesey hugged her tightly and offered a Spanish prayer, while I winked and said, “If you trip, I promise, I’ll trip, too.”
Candice’s eyes glittered. “What do you mean?”
“I promise that you’re not going down alone.”
Candice smiled. “Well, probably shouldn’t let my husband think I’m standing him up.”
We walked out on the front porch as the posse of Candice’s friends, and I was nervous for the bride. Though she had already married Henry, she was standing in front of everyone now, proclaiming her love for him before family and God. This was a step for her, from the crazy LMN lover to married, crazy LMN lover. How things changed in a year’s time.
We heard the sound of the violins and orchestra playing Canon. Like we had rehearsed the day before, we were prepared to walk down the rose-lined path. Henry and the groomsmen awaited by the pastor, who just happened to be Bentley, the most-famous cook on the Carolina Coast. Bentley was wearing a large suit-and-tie ensemble and looked very neat. Bentley Suave.
After the little flower girl, Charlotte, walked down the aisle, her brother teetered down the aisle with the rings. Then started the bridesmaid walk. Greta, Shelby, Reesey, me, Ellie, Candice.
As I watched Candice’s friends float down the aisle, I spotted my fiancé and Duke with my parents. I waved at them and blew Duke a special kiss. Then it was my turn to pass Henry, whom I winked at. Rosio was eying Reesey like she was Queen Teresa of Sanchezland, but she was sublimely staring into the crowd, specifically into the eyes of a blonde-headed German. I wished I could give him the finger without Reverend/cook/professional-eater Bentley spotting. 
I took my place with my violet bouquet in tow, and couldn’t help but be spellbound as Candice walked down the aisle on her father’s arm. Candice’s eyes gleamed as she glided gracefully across the grass, her veil not able to hide her joy. She was a beauty, a stunner, with long, curly blonde hair and wide blue eyes. Her dress was off-white because she was, technically, already married; it was a sweetheart gown, but it embodied Candice, giving her the look of a healthy woman with self-confidence, something many lack.
Candice’s parents, Joseph and Jean, sat on the front row, both in tears. Joseph was crying her eyes out. Henry’s parents, Jean (the guy) and Adele, were happily watching the whole event. Adele was clasping her fingers against her flesh, probably thinking of a million things that needed fixing. Beside them were Paul and Genevieve, Henry’s close uncle and aunt, and a stocky little man named Stan. 
I looked over to Henry. His eyes were wet with tears, though they didn’t splash against his skin. He reached out to hold Candice’s hands in his, and their love was as clear as a fresh-cut diamond, spraying rays of the rainbow across all. They laughed as Bentley shouted, “We come here today to celebrate this already-married couple, because, I guess the Las Vegas wedding just wasn’t ridiculous enough. Seriously, we come here to show the love between two harmonious, good people.”
The tears fell from my face as I watched them say their vows. It was a beautiful thing, marriage. After they kissed, Henry threw his fist into the air like a corny, soppy movie, which no doubt would land him in better graces with Candice, who adored anything’80s.
They disappeared down the aisle after the ceremony to change for the reception, and I hugged Momma Jean and Joseph, both who held me. “Oh Stace, Candice adores you. We’re so proud of you, you know.”
“I love Candice like a sister, Momma Jean, Mr. Joseph. I just wanted to tell you that I really admire your love for each other, and I hope I can emulate that in my upcoming marriage.” Once Jean saw my ring, she whisked me away for wedding talks.
Momma Gloria found us a few minutes later, and she had a come-to-Jesus meeting with Candice’s mom. The two hadn’t met before, and they were like long-lost sisters. I found Julian in his wheelchair, and I smiled at him. “That’s gonna be us soon, don’t you think?”
He nodded. Duke was on his lap. “Duke’s going to be my best man, right, son?”
Duke nodded. “I didn’t want to be the ring-bearer. That’s for little boys.”
“Or you can be my boy-of-honor.”
“Do I have to wear a dress? I’m not wearing a dress.”
I laughed. “So there’s supposed to be a reception at the country club. Candice’ll kill me if I don’t actually show up, but we can leave a little early if you want to, Duke.”
Duke’s eyelids fluttered a million miles per minute. Julian clarified for us, saying, “He saw a little girl he thinks is pretty. Too young of course, but she’s pretty, isn’t she, buddy?”
He shyly nodded.

I DROVE WITH my mom and dad, Julian, and Duke to the country club, where Adele (no surprise there) created a winter wonderland in the middle of the hot summer. White lights hung from every inch of space, steak was everywhere, and a dance floor was highlighted by neat lights. The DJ was famous or something, and Candice and Henry’s first dance was magical.
Duke and I danced a lot, until he asked the little flower girl, Charlotte, for a twirl, and I returned to sit by Julian. “We’re going to have to watch him,” I said.
Julian squeezed my hand. “You okay having him look up to you as a mother?”
My chest quivered a little. “Yeah,” I said, thinking of Lola. “It’s the best thing I could ask for.”

CANDICE, REESEY, AND I partied the night away. Candice danced with us for a good hour, and finally, she had to leave to eat steak and cake before she departed on her second honeymoon to Nassau. So Reesey and I were dancing together, both who had a certain flair, and I said, “I saw Kurt looking at you.”
Reesey flinched like a turtle finding its shell for the first time. “Kurt? As in Kapelmann?”
I shielded my eyes from the strobe lights of the dance floor. “Yeah, see him? Dancing with that old lady over there?” On cue, Kurt looked over, staring directly at Reesey. Then he grinned at me.
Reesey didn’t speak, so I offered, “He’s a player, you know. Handsome, but I promised if he talked to you, I’d kick…”
She was then approached by Rosio, who danced like a flopping flamingo. The green-eyed tan guy may have been hot, but he needed to work on those ballroom skills. Sensing her chance to run away, Reesey agreed to dance with him.
I was worn out from dancing, but my dad grabbed my hand and we danced to “Black Water” by the Doobie Brothers. He smiled at me. “You were never a doobie-smoker.”
“Nah, just got pregnant at sixteen. Then delivered at seventeen.”
He smiled. “Glo believed in Jesus?”
I nodded. I wasn’t sure of my standing with the Big Man Upstairs, but I knew Glo was a committed Christian. “I miss her every minute, Dad. There are times when I cannot breathe, the pain’s so bad. And she’s buried in Brazil. I hate being so far away from her and her parents.” 
Dad kissed my cheek. “You’re so strong, honey. Listen to me: She’s not in that grave in Brazil anymore. I honestly believe she’s with you at all times. Your spiritual guide. And she loves you just as much as you love her, understand? Honestly, honey, that’s the best thing you can ever do besides trusting the Lord. The best thing you can do is raise a child right, and I’m sorry I failed you.”
“Dad,” I said, tugging on his arm. “You didn’t fail me.”
His face drooped. “I feel that I did. You ran away from Breezewater, Stace. All of my kids did. I thought at least Michael would stay behind. Then he goes to New York. I guess what I’m saying is, I love you, I truly do. And I’m sorry.”
“Whoever wants to catch the bouquet come on over!” Candice shouted. The dance floor cleared, except for old ladies and little girls. She tossed the flowers, and guess who caught the bouquet? Me. Probably because I was a good head taller and bigger than everyone else. 
Then came all the wedding ceremonies, like the garter game and cutting the cake, but before we knew it, it was time to grab a sparkler and let the newly-remarried-newlyweds head on out. After watching Henry and Candice disappear in a hotrod Mustang, those who remained with sparklers in hand started to disperse. It was late now, and my family and I were staying the night in a hotel in Asheville before returning home to Georgia.
After one last brouhaha, we headed home.
To Georgia.

THE FEELING OF life is peculiar. When my mom announced she had cancer and was going to die, I knew she could fight. I didn’t die, though I should have. And I knew my mother could fight harder than anyone. As the only Monroe child in Breezewater, it was my responsibility to cook and clean for Momma. Finally, Lily returned back to New York with the other little Stacey. In turn it was very quiet.
So the summer passed. By the time it was time to send Duke off to second-grade, I had a daily routine. I did physical therapy techniques with Julian, showered and dressed, and visited Momma. Dad took a position as a pastor in a small, in-the-middle-of-the-forest church twenty miles away, so there was a steady income coming in for them.
I did something I hadn’t done since college. I took an online job as a media blogger for a few top-notch online sites. A blogger. And I took a job as an online editor for a few self-publishing sites. I made a steady monthly income, and managed to sell my house in Sahuarita fairly quickly. I had never been so sure of myself in my life. 
I made a quick trip to sign closing papers in Arizona, plus a shopping day with friends in Phoenix. There was also the stop by the doctor’s office. I told Dr. Robinson about my back pain and the blood, but he diagnosed me with Lumbar sprains. I was given pain meds and physical therapy. It was good being in the desert, but, honestly, it was time for me to branch out, to find my own skin. It was time to be Julian’s wife and Duke’s step-mother now. 
It was on that trip that I received a phone call that would change my life.

Chapter Nineteen


THE FUNERAL WAS a shocking, tear-jerking affair. I sat rooted to my chair with Julian’s hand in mine. He didn’t speak; he knew that my grief brought silence. Somehow Reesey and Candice made it, and they were sitting behind me. I could fell their grief and sadness. My mother’s hand was shaking in my own.
As she had told me only hours before, as I zipped her black dress, “It was supposed to be me who died first.”
“Momma,” I cried, holding her flesh to my own. “Listen to me. You’re on this planet right here, right now, for a specific reason. And Dad left for that same reason. He’s in heaven right there, right now for a specific reason.” My father had a pulmonary embolism. Basically it was a blood clot in his lungs. Momma found him collapsed in the sunroom. By this point she had lost a lot of her hair and was tired all the time. Discovering her husband not breathing in her place of solace gave her extreme stress and nightmares, and she was having a hard time believing she was supposed to be on Earth without my father.
So at that funeral in the middle of September, my family gathered around the casket. Tristan said a few words, Lola squeezed my hand, and Momma cried the entire time. She had lost a man she had spent most of her life with. Love is a strong emotion, and she was still, somehow, in love with my father. 
We gathered at Momma’s house for a wake. I found Tristan and Lola, and hugged them. We didn’t have to speak any words. We just hugged each other for the longest time. They were still planning on marriage, but a wedding wouldn’t happen immediately, because Tristan still lived on the East Coast. Lola told me my job awaited me in Tucson. I replied with, “My job is by my fiancé’s side now.”
It was fast for me, because it didn’t seem real. Losing a father, or anyone you love, can feel painful or just not real. So I was stunned, shocked, non-believing, and after we had the wake at Momma’s friend’s house, I fell into the bed I shared with Julian and asked him, “Why?”
He was still paralyzed from the waist down. He was incredibly strong in his upper arms, and he scratched my back, eagerly trying to show that he loved me. I knew he did. We stared at each other for a while, eye upon eye, and finally he whispered, “I don’t know.”
“Why is Momma here when she’s the one who has cancer? Why couldn’t God have taken me instead of Glo?” I cried, the pain in my chest unbelievable.
Julian held me until I couldn’t feel anything but the ache in my chest.

I WENT TO Momma’s house the next day with a plethora of foods–meats, deviled eggs, everything she taught me to cook. She was in her sunroom, reading the Bible before she did anything else. I took the seat next to her, and she didn’t look up for a good five minutes. I rocked beside her, wishing I could say anything to alleviate her pain. If it felt like a gaping hole in my chest, I wondered how Momma was able to breathe.
Finally she placed her Bible on the side table and looked at me. “I’m trying to stay strong, honey. I’m trying to remember that my purpose in life was to have my babies. But it’s so hard.”
The doorbell bleeped from inside. I went to the front porch to find Ryan standing there, his arms covered by a black suit. “I came for your dad’s funeral,” he whispered, “but…”
I stared at him.
“I moved to Savannah,” he explained. “A few months ago, in the summer, while you were away. I realized that I was just hurting Julian by being here. I was awful to him. I cheated with his wife, and instigated everything. So I packed my bags and left. But I wanted to apologize to you. And now your dad’s…gone. I’m really sorry, Stacey.”
My lungs expanded. I took the flowers in his hand. “Thank you. I forgive you, Ryan. But you need to apologize to Julian, not me.”
He nodded. “You’re a really good girl. I’m going to stop by Julian’s before I go. Good bye, Stacey Monroe.”
I waved as he left. When I returned into the sunroom, I asked, “Momma?”
“Yes.”
I reached out to touch her hand. “Would you like to move to my house with Julian? So we can be a family, so you’re not alone, so you don’t have to worry about finances?”
Momma looked at me like she had been shot, her organs scattered about the floor before her. “What?”
“I know that Dad lived here. I know that you can feel him here, Mom, I really do, but you can’t be alone anymore. You need to be with a family right now. We don’t have to sell this house, and you can come over whenever you want, because it’s literally a few minutes away, but Momma, you need to be with someone.”
She sobbed full throttle. I had never seen her cry so much, and it hit me in the gut when she leaned over and wept in my lap.

A FEW DAYS later, she appeared with a flowery cap on her head and a carful of necessary items for her move into Julian’s house. I had asked him about the idea, and he agreed easily. He wanted Duke to know his step-grandma too. So it was settled. 
Momma became a staple of my relationship with Julian and my son. Even after Julian and I married the following spring without her presence, we felt her near us, like the sun’s rays reaching out onto our backs. She fellowshipped in our house, eagerly cooked while I blogged, and ruled the home with an iron fist. She never failed to make us laugh either.
It was January when she was bed-ridden. She refused help from any medical doctors, telling me quietly, “I’m going home to be with my two favorite men soon.” And she was gone just as sweetly, with a smile on her lips.
Then there was her funeral that we attended. I realized I was technically an orphan now, but in the long run, I was glad I had come. I was here for Momma, a little bit for my dad, and now it was a pain in my heart, but like I told Momma, I was here for a reason.
 

JULIAN AND I knew we wanted to marry soon, but with all the interruptions of job hunts, selling Momma’s house, and taking care of Duke had left us spread thin. Finally on a date in mid-February, Valentine’s Day, he kissed my hand, handsome as ever, and said, “When are we going to get married, Stacey?”
I laughed for the first time in a while. Julian made me laugh, but my heart ached with the loss of three important people in my life. “We’re not doing a Las Vegas wedding, you hear me?”
“How about an April wedding? The day we met, April 25th.”
“You know what day we met?”
His eyes glimmered. “Of course.”
I knew he was my one and only. “Then we better get on planning. Where are…”
Across the table, he handed me a few travel vouchers to Tucson. I looked up, unbelieving, my eyes wide. “What is this?”
Julian sipped his water. “Tickets to Arizona.”
“Why?” I laughed.
Then he handed me a printed out document for a white-picket fenced house in the foothills of the deserty hills I missed desperately. It was a house. And Julian smiled at me. “You want to move to Arizona?”
He nodded. “Duke’s ready for a change. He can’t get the best education in a small town, and we know we have a boy genius. There’s nothing keeping us here, Stacey. Better PT in Arizona, you can be near your friends, and Lola and Tristan…”
I reached over and kissed him as I hard as I could. 

AND THAT’S EXACTLY what happened. Our wedding on the property in Georgia was short, simple, and intimate. Ali was my maid-of-honor, and Reesey and Candice sat front row. I actually asked Reesey and Candice to walk me down the aisle in lieu of anything traditional. They gave me away.
Julian, prim and dapper in his suit, and I exchanged our vows with intimacy and love. Duke was his best man, and he winked at me.
I didn’t really care about my wedding. My marriage was what mattered, and I knew I had made the right decision. An April wedding. Breezes of the summer filled my nostrils. Breezes, probably sent by Momma, Lola, and Dad (and God), in April. A time of change.
A time of change.

ARIZONA. TUCSON. DESERT. Duke and Julian became official Arizona residents a few days ago. As soon as our honeymoon in Savannah was over, we returned to Breezewater to wait for Duke’s second-grade year to end.
In June, we packed everything and sailed for Arizona. We bought the little house, cleaned it up, and began married life. Duke made neighborhood friends, Julian continued physical therapy, and I was a normal housewife. 
I ran into Murphy, my former boss, in a grocery store a few days after our move. When he saw me in jeans and a bandana, he gasped. “Stacey Monroe?”
“Martinex now, actually.” I hugged him. “Hi, Murph. How are you?”
“Boy, have you changed.” He looked at me peculiarly. “Stacey, you know, if you ever want to be an editor again, you can always come back to Steinbeck…Things are interesting without you.”
“Thanks,” I said as I put Duke’s favorite mac and cheese in the cart, “but I don’t think editing is for me anymore.”

THEN THERE WAS the reunion with my friends. We stayed at Reesey’s apartment one Sunday night, watching LMN reruns till ten o’clock, because we weren’t twenty-three anymore, the girls who could stay up later than owls and bats.
The next day I returned home, and laughingly told Julian with a kiss, “I’m not as spry as I used to be.”
And he just smiled at me. Because he placed his elbows on the wheelchair, and lifted himself to a shaky standing position. He fell down a few seconds later, and we cried together. Life is a rollercoaster; there are good and bad times. But I knew I had people who loved me, and I could get through anything. 
And the peculiar thing about that day? When Julian was able to show me his progress? It was the first day I met with Gloria in Brazil. Miracles are very possible. Isn’t it easier to believe? (Fact 12: I found Christ. Glo would be proud of me.)

The End.


NOTE FROM THE AUTHOR:

Hi, guys!

What a joy it has been to write another book for you all! Stacey Monroe is the hardest character I’ve ever written. I faced numerous bouts of writer’s block during Breezes because Stacey isn’t exactly the easiest person to figure out. She’s herself, which is something I admire, and she’s spunky, free, and bold. With a stubborn streak and a colorful tongue, Stace is a great woman. Her relationship with Julian and Duke was an absolute pleasure to write!
Book Three of this series continues the saga of the three amigas. Reesey was somewhat troubled in Breezes, and I can’t wait to share with you why. I have no idea when Reesey’s story will be out. I’m hoping she speaks to me quickly. All updates on my novels can be located on my Twitter account: katestrailman.
I hope you all are enjoying a great summer, and stay safe.

Thanks again for reading! You mean the world to me.

-K. on July 7, 2014.

TOPICS FOR DISCUSSION

1. Stacey is dedicated to her work. Do you think this influences personal aspects of her life, such as her friendships/romances? Why do you think she is such a concentrated editor?

2. Why do you think Stacey enjoyed Lola’s presence so much? Do you think Lola enjoyed Georgia, especially the part when she was with Tristan? Do you think Lola and Tristan will eventually get hitched?

3. Cassidy Harris plays a minor role in the story. Stacey is forced to choose between publishing Cass’s story or rejecting it. If you were in Stacey’s situation, what would you have done?

4. Breezewater, Georgia, the fictional town where our heroine grew up, really caused distress for Stacey. Why do you think she hated the town so much? Was it really about her teenage pregnancy, or was it something greater?

5. Julian dealt with many issues in his time in Georgia. He raised a son by himself, his wife cheated on him with his best friend, and he faced his wife’s death. Do you think he handled himself properly, or was he too much of a jerk?

6. Alison, Stacey’s sister, is constantly mentioned as “crazy.” What do you think defines her craziness? Ali is also Stacey’s maid-of-honor, hinting at the possibility that she is closer to her sister than Stacey has let on. Do you believe the two are close? Does Ali have a future career in Hollywood?

7. Michael and Lily’s past is revealed to be tumultuous. Do you think Stacey did the right thing by forgiving Lily? Is there a point when forgiveness is pointless? Do you think Michael and Lily made the right decision by moving to Augusta to be closer to family?

8. Stacey’s friendships are tested within the course of Breezes. Though she moves back to Tucson in the end, do you think Stacey’s relationship with Candice and Reesey will still be strained? Or do you think they can resolve their problems without growing up into mothers and wives?

9. In the shocking part where Rodney Monroe has a natural death, Stacey is heartbroken. Then her mother passes from ovarian cancer. Do you think Stacey made the right decision by leaving her dream house in Georgia to return to Arizona? Do you think Breezewater was a toxic town?

10. Stacey and Julian’s relationship was unstable at first. Do you think they can withstand the few years of their marriage?

KATIE GEORGE (aka Kate Strailman) is a freelance writer who has an abundance of self-published novels and short stories: Whatley, Some Fiction, Frail Endings, Path of Breath, Roses in December, “The Cube,” and “Dim Eyes.” Breezes in April is her sixth novel, a part of “The Portrait of Friendship Series.” She enjoys music (’80s, alternative, classical, anything really), volunteerism, and eating (particularly Mexican tostadas). You can find Katie’s works through her Smashwords account, iBooks, Barnes & Noble, and other various websites. Also, please do not to hesitate and comment on any of her works. She is available on Twitter (@katestrailman) and email (katestrailman@yahoo.com).

Thank you again for reading my newest baby, Breezes! I promise, Reesey’s story will be out soon!


