
Sunrise at Sunset: Revamped
(THE FIRST 9 CHAPTERS ONLY!)

Book #1 in the Sunset Vampire Series
(Second Edition)


by

Jaz Primo




RUTHERFORD LITERARY GROUP
rutherfordliterary.com

* * * * * * *


Novels by Jaz Primo


The Logan Bringer Urban Fantasy Series
Bringer of Fire
Bringer Unleashed **
Bringer’s Law **

** Additional Titles Forthcoming

* * *

Winner of the Paranormal Romance Guild’s Reviewer’s Choice Award
for Best Young Adult Novel of 2012!
Gwen Reaper
(A Young Adult Paranormal Romance)

* * *

Third Place in the Paranormal Romance Guild’s Reviewer’s Choice Award
for Best Vampire Romance Series of 2012!

The Sunset Vampire Series
Sunrise at Sunset: Revamped
A Bloody London Sunset
Summit at Sunset
Wicked Sunset
Sunset Rising **

** Additional Titles Forthcoming

* * *

All titles published by Rutherford Literary Group


* * * * * * *


Sunrise at Sunset: Revamped
Published by Rutherford Literary Group at Smashwords
Copyright 2014 by John Primo
Complete Version ISBN  9780988569010

Library of Congress Control Number: 2014914344

Cover art by Sharon Legg, Sharon Legg Digital Art
Copy Edited by Vicki Rose Stewart

eBook conversion provided by Smashwords.

Rutherford Literary Group
1205 S. Air Depot, Ste #135
Midwest City, Oklahoma 73110-4807
http://www.rutherfordliterary.com

All Rights Reserved.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental. The publisher does not have any control over and does not assume any responsibility for author or third-party websites or their content. Any trademarks mentioned herein are not authorized by the trademark owners and do not in any way mean the work is sponsored by or associated with the trademark owners. Any trademarks used are specifically in a descriptive capacity.
No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission. Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights. Purchase only authorized editions.


* * * * * * *


DEDICATION


This novel is dedicated to the spirit of second chances in life. Whether it be in areas of love, friendship, art, career, or especially writing, everyone deserves a second chance to improve on something important to them. May your second chance be available should you desire it…


* * * * * * *


ACKNOWLEDGMENTS


My sincere thanks and appreciation for those wonderful souls who have encouraged and supported me over the years, including (but certainly not limited to) my family, Lori, Jessica, Crystal, Jimmy, Victoria, my lovely and stalwart publicist Vicki Rose Stewart, my amazing Jaz-a-holics team, my accomplished editor Lea Ellen, my expert in all things fonts and graphics Brandon, and my kind team of beta readers.
Finally, my sincere and heartfelt thanks to you, dear reader, for being wonderful to me. Thank you for your supportive messages and insights, thoughtful suggestions, and unwavering encouragement as I continue on this journey of creativity. Without you, my works would merely be words and sentences compiled on pages for antiquity, otherwise holding no value to anyone but me.


* * * * * * *


Sunrise at Sunset: Revamped

Table of Contents

Title Page
Jaz Primo Novels
Dedication Page
Copyrights Page
Acknowledgements
Foreword and a Jaz Primo Interview

Part I – A New Beginning
Chapter 1: Life Renewed
Chapter 2: First Impressions...Again
Chapter 3: Rescued
Chapter 4: A Parisian Curve Ball
Chapter 5: Three Questions
Chapter 6: A Declaration
Chapter 7: Revelation
Chapter 8: Reflection
Chapter 9: Not Quite Strangers

About the Author
Novel Promo – Gwen Reaper
Novel Promo – Sunrise at Sunset: Revamped
Novel Promo – A Bloody London Sunset
Novel Promo – Summit at Sunset
Novel Promo – Wicked Sunset
Novel Promo – Sunset Rising
Novel Promo – Bringer of Fire


* * * * * * *


Foreword and a Jaz Primo Interview


Jaz’s Insights
While I feel both fortunate and happy over the success of Sunrise at Sunset since its debut in October 2010, I’m very excited for the opportunity to create a second edition version to provide to readers. During the revision process, a number of people asked me, “Why go back to revisit an already released novel?”
The truth is that I’ve grown so much as a writer since that first published book, and I tend to view my early works with more scrutiny than is perhaps fair. I reasoned that, as with all my writing, I want it to be the best quality of work that I’m capable of presenting to the world. There were some – let’s call them habits and tendencies – that I had regarding my writing style and word selections that were evident in that first novel, which I now view with a critical eye.
But there’s more to it than mere style and technique concerns. There were scenes and character development events in Sunrise at Sunset that I would have liked to communicate differently but I didn’t command the writing mastery that I do today. Given that, this second edition version is presented closer to the intent of my original vision, which gives me a great deal of satisfaction. As such, not only have some scenes been rewritten, there’s also new never seen before material that’s been added. There were also scenes or plot points that I considered unnecessary, so they were deleted.
For established fans of the Sunset Vampire series, it would be natural to wonder, given these rewrites, additions, and deletion, if any established canon has changed with this second edition. The answer is unequivocally, no. There are key, important events and moments that take place throughout the series that I consider key milestone events. Those key events are essentially fixed points in time during the storyline that the remainder of the series either refers to or builds upon, and those cannot be fundamentally altered without disrupting the continuity of storyline or character development.
So, let’s recap. First, there have been enhancements applied to the original novel that should improve the depth of character development. Second, no series-essential events have been altered or deleted. Third, in my humble opinion, the quality of the original content has been significantly improved upon, including additional material that provides helpful context for improved storyline and character development. Fourth, and final, I believe that you’re going to love this second edition. Oh, and let’s not forget the never been seen before new material in the form of a bonus chapter at the end of the novel and the brief Jaz interview below!

The Interview with Jaz
The complete interview is available in the full retail version of the novel. You won’t want to miss it!


* * * * * * *


PART I

 A New Beginning


* * * * * * *


Chapter 1: Life Renewed


The beginning of an end is sometimes just the start of something new. And once in a while, it’s the genesis of something wonderful.

*  *  *

Amber recalled welcoming the dawn until circumstances forced her to forsake it entirely.
Centuries later, she once again craved the impending sunrise, complete with its promise of a cleansing, burning finality.
Staring beyond the tree line, she savored the subtle changes in the sky’s morning hues while welcoming the sense of peace that washed over her.
 This will do nicely. 
She marveled at the beautiful, yellow-orange glow forming above the tree line. At the same time, it was terrifying in its majesty, and the urge to flee rose within her.
 Then she remembered what had brought her there in the first place and she looked up into the blue sky.
Seemingly endless.
Like me.
But while the morning sky held the promise of something new, she was convinced that her life no longer did.
My eternal life outlasted its allure.
Wealth. Power. Blood.
It all meant so little to her.
Never mind my string of failed relationships.
Those had taken their toll, as well.
And though she’d given up on relationships a long time ago, the ensuing years hadn’t been especially kind on her heart.
During that time, she learned that loneliness wasn’t for the faint-hearted.
It wears upon you.
Like a yoke.
Like a million pound weight.
It’s a curse.
She looked to the horizon. “Why is this damned sunrise taking so long?”
As her patience waned, her final regret was the inability to appreciate the sun for very long before meeting her end.
She missed the sunshine, really.
As a human she had loved the mornings and the hopeful sense of optimism that sunrise brought to each day.
Her sense of optimism, much like her sense of humanity, had long since departed.
As the sun began to rise, Amber marveled at the beautiful, yellow-orange glow forming above the tree line. It was terrifying in its majesty, and the innate urge to avoid it began to grow despite her resolve to meet her end.
Reflex response.
She stilled herself with a final surge of determination.
My last.
The repercussion of the sun’s ultraviolet radiation began to play across her skin.
At first it was merely an itching, but quickly grew painful.
Her exposed skin blistered, and seconds later the core of her body erupted with fire.
Amber tightly shut her eyes against the sun’s rays as they crept across the top of the trees.
A sizzling sound erupted around her, and she quickly realized it was coming from her own body.
With the sunlight nearly full upon her, a peculiar thing happened to Amber’s morose resolution: she changed her mind.
Oh, hell!
Harnessing speed that humans couldn’t readily comprehend, she propelled her body westward into the tree line, holding the pain inside so she wouldn’t scream.
Her lungs burned until she was in complete agony; she wanted to scream and claw them from her body.
Instead, she ran while containing the painful wail building within her.
Amber realized her only hope was to seek refuge from the blazing sunlight using the nearest opportunity for shelter.
In a matter of seconds, she raced across acreage toward a wood-framed garage situated beside an old paint-peeled house just a short distance ahead.
She barely registered the garage’s side doorway before speeding through it in a blur of movement. She slammed the door shut behind her, seeking refuge beneath a tarp-draped car. 
She lay on her back while appreciating the coolness of the grimy concrete floor.
Her skin sizzled, and the burns covering her body felt catastrophic. Pain coursed through her system, and she breathed in short, gasping breaths.
Way to go, she thought. Now what?
She needed fresh blood for her body to begin the healing process properly. If only she hadn’t deliberately fasted in hopes of accelerating the process of death by morning sunshine.
Even death wasn’t kind to her.
After facing her imminent demise firsthand, she considered that it may have been a stupid notion.
Naturally, I left my blood supply at home.
Sighing with exasperation sent a wave of intense pain throughout her body. 
While drawing air into her lungs through clenched teeth, she heard a creaky door open and promptly smelled a human.
By the sounds of the small, awkward footsteps, it was a small human, likely a child.
Her suspicion was confirmed in the simple word the visitor uttered next.
“Hello?” asked a young boy.
She turned her head to the side.
Go away!
As he bent down to tie his shoe, Amber noted his faded blue jeans and a T-shirt emblazoned with cartoon characters from Walt Disney’s The Lion King.
She held her breath, hoping he wouldn’t glance under the car and see her.
Though she desperately needed blood, one of the few resolutions she had made since becoming a vampire was never to hurt children.
She hoped that the boy would lose interest and quickly leave.
She watched as he slowly tied his shoelaces while occasionally pausing to scan the room around him.
“I heard the door slam,” he said. “Where are you?”
She clenched her jaw tightly and closed her burnt eyelids shut while striving to keep the burning pain coursing through her body in check.
Then she heard the edge of the tarp lift near her and the little boy’s gasp. 
“Gross! What happened?” the boy demanded. “Are you hurt?”
She barely opened one of her eyes to gaze back at him. She gathered that she must have looked, and smelled, like a burned corpse at that moment.
“Y-You need to leave, little boy,” she urged as clearly as possible through the blinding pain.
“But you need help,” he said.
“It’s not safe for you here.”
“I can help,” the boy persisted. 
Help? How?
Amber’s mind raced for a solution of some kind, but all she really needed was blood.
There’s no way I’m killing a child.
Then a nearly insane idea struck her.
It wasn’t only desperate; it occurred to her that it had little hope for success.
For years, she had been a good customer of an international blood bank established by a very old vampire many decades ago that catered to a unique clientele. The idea was that a domestic supply of blood might improve the chances of vampires seeking to blend into society without having to hunt humans. The corporate venture capitalized on local blood banks to broker blood supplies to its customers.
Though the service fees were expensive, they ensured prompt delivery in most major cities around the world.
“What’s your name, little boy?” Amber asked. 
“Caleb,” he stammered excitedly. “Caleb Taylor.”
“Hello, Caleb,” she said, struggling to control the tremors of pain in her voice. 
“Hi,” he replied in a friendly tone; one that only an innocent child could evoke successfully.
Well, at least he’s polite, she thought.
She tried to clear her mind and asked, “Okay, Caleb. How old are you?”
“I’m eight,” he said proudly.
She tried to gauge the aptitude of the average eight-year-old.
 “Caleb, I’m an angel, and I need you to call heaven for me,” she said. “Can you do that?”
He cocked his head to one side. “Call heaven?”
Oh, this is stupid, she decided.
Amber stifled a moan as the burning began to subside only marginally. While her body tried to heal itself, she grasped the fact that she needed fresh blood to do the job correctly. 
“Can you use a telephone for me and not tell anybody?” she asked.
“Not even my mom?”
She considered the merits of a fleeting thought, but quickly discarded the idea of draining his mother dry.
Some angel I am, the angel of death!
“No, Caleb, not even your mom,” she said.
“Is it a secret?” he asked.
“Yes, it’s a secret,” she said with all the patience she could muster.
The boy was silent for a moment.
“Well, okay,” he said doubtfully.
She nearly screamed as a surge of renewed pain shot through her body; biting her bottom lip so hard that she drew blood.
“Get a pencil and paper, Caleb,” she said.
“Okay,” he replied before running out of the garage, slamming the door behind him.
Amber lay there wondering if she would ever see him again, or if the child’s mother or father would come through the door next.
She steeled herself with the realization that she might have to kill some adults very soon if Caleb came back with company.
She distracted herself by determining if the sunshine outside threatened the interior of the garage. She noticed a small pane glass window opposite from her on the side of the car where the boy had been, but the canvas tarp appeared to offer enough protection to keep the sun’s rays from reaching her.
After a time, she heard the door open and shut again, followed by the sound of little footsteps.
The boy lifted the edge of the tarp and peered at her with an excited expression.
“I got a pencil and paper,” he said.
“Good, Caleb. Now, this is very important,” she said.
Fortunately, the information was relatively straightforward.
“Just tell them those numbers and your address. Do you know your address, Caleb?”
The boy recited his address with a practiced tone.
Smart kid.
Caleb repeated the information and promised to go make the call without telling his parents.
It took all her willpower not to reach out and grab the child for the immediate source of the blood that she desperately needed.
She waited and listened to his departing footsteps and the sound of the door closing.
Her body tingled with the sensations of healing while also aching from the lack of sustenance to nourish the process.
Sometime later, Caleb returned as Amber lay beneath the car gritting her teeth and enduring the searing pain that had reignited through her body. 
“I called heaven,” he said. “Angel Bruce said he’ll come soon.”
She was stunned.
Unbelievable.
“He’s going to bring a box,” she said. “Can you bring me the box when it arrives, Caleb?”
“Okay, but I have to eat breakfast first,” he said. 
She panicked slightly. “Caleb, are your parents home now?”
“My mom is,” he said. “Should I get her?”
“No!” she urged.
The boy jumped slightly.
“Sorry, Caleb. I’m hurt,” she explained. “I need you to get the box from the angel in the truck before your mom sees it. Your mommy may not want me to get the box, Caleb.”
The boy appeared confused. “Okay.”
Then a woman’s voice called, “Caleb, breakfast!”
“Okay, Mom!” he yelled before getting up and running out of the garage.
“Please hurry, Angel Bruce,” Amber muttered through clenched teeth.
After what seemed like hours, she heard a truck pull onto the gravel shoulder of the street outside and stop. The engine idled, and she vaguely heard a man’s voice, followed by Caleb’s.
A few minutes later, Caleb entered the garage. He sat a small plastic insulated cooler down onto the floor next to the car with a heavy thump.
“Here’s the box,” he said. His pale blue eyes came into view while he peeked beneath the tarp, adding excitedly, “The angel drove a truck!”
“You’re an angel now, Caleb,” she whispered.
“I am?” he asked with wide eyes.
“Yes, Caleb. You’re an angel from now on,” she promised as she began crawling towards the edge of the car. “But you need to go now. You can come back later, okay?”
“Okay,” he said before leaving the garage, shutting the small door behind him.
Despite the pain, Amber’s shaking hands managed to tip the cooler onto its side while avoiding the sunlight streaming in through the nearby window. The container was filled with small plastic bags of human blood.
She grabbed two packets, pulling them beneath the car. She popped the cap off the first one and squeezed the cold blood into her mouth, drinking hungrily.
Quickly draining them both, she reached out for more, repeating the process until the cooler was empty.
She placed the drained blood bags inside the cooler with the lid shut, not wanting to scare her new angel, Caleb.
Then she lay beneath the car on the cool, grimy floor, reveling in the feeling of her body rapidly healing. She closed her eyes to rest.
By late afternoon, Amber heard a car pull into the driveway, followed by the sound of heavy footsteps and a door to the house opening and closing.
By early evening, Caleb returned to check on her, at which time she felt much better.
Fortunately, her pale skin had already healed, with the exception of some remaining welts here and there.
He told her that he had to eat supper but would check on her again before bedtime.
She silently marveled at both the child’s interest in her and his sense of discretion.
A child who could keep a secret? Unbelievable.
As the evening sun prepared to set, Amber contemplated her departure. It would be better if Caleb returned to find her gone; just a strange memory that would fade with time as he grew older.
She heard a commotion coming from the house; the sounds of shouting between a man and a woman.
Then she heard sounds of an altercation and a person being slapped, followed by a woman’s cries, as well as Caleb’s voice screaming for his dad to stop hitting his mom. Seconds later, she heard Caleb cry after more shouting and another slapping sound.
Anger rose in her chest and spread throughout her body.
The side garage door opened and Caleb entered, crying. But instead of coming to the side of the car as he had the previous times, he sat down in the far corner next to some old tires, rubbing his eyes with his knuckles.
She slipped from beneath the car and sat down beside him. She wrapped an arm across his shoulders and waited until his sobbing eventually became sporadic post-crying convulsions.
“Angel Caleb?” she quietly asked.
He looked up at her and she noticed that one side of his face was noticeably inflamed.
“Angel Caleb, are you okay?” she asked.
He slowly nodded his head. “Yeah.”
“Does your father do that to you and your mom very often?” she asked, trying to keep the anger welling inside her in check.
“Sometimes,” he said between sniffles.
She gritted her teeth and tightly shut her eyes.
There’s too much of this crap in the world.
The side door to the garage abruptly opened, and she heard a large person enter.
She sped across the floor and beneath the car.
“Caleb Taylor! I know you’re in here,” demanded a gruff male voice. “Didn’t I tell you not to play in the garage?”
To Amber, the poor child appeared too scared to move. His eyes were wide as saucers, and his mouth was agape as he stared up at the man with terror.
She quickly detected the pronounced scent of alcohol in the air.
“Damn you, boy! I’ll blister your ass good this time!” the man threatened as he slipped the leather belt off from his jeans and viciously whipped it at Caleb. The belt impacted the boy on his left arm, breaking the skin and leaving a small line of blood.
A feral growl emitted from deep in Amber’s throat, and she burst out from underneath the car, positioning herself protectively between Caleb and the man.
“Who the hell are you?” the man demanded while staggering backward with surprise.
Her eyes blazed bright green and rage coursed from deep within her.
“I’m Angel Amber,” she said. “And I’m your worst nightmare!”
She punched the man in the jaw with a lightning-fast right hook, causing him to spin to the right and fall back against some old metal shelves stacked with car parts.
Amber turned to Caleb, who was sitting on the floor in shock. She picked him up and hugged him close against her while carrying him to the side garage door where she hastily ushered the young boy outside away from the altercation.
The man recovered and swung a tire iron at her back as she spun around and caught his wrist.
She effortlessly stripped the iron from his hand and tossed it onto the floor.
“What the hell --” the man spat with alcohol-laced breath.
She grabbed him by the throat with one hand and snapped his neck with a single, loud crack.
Releasing her grip, his lifeless body dropped to the floor with a heavy thumping sound.
Hearing a gasp from behind her, she spun around to see little Caleb blankly staring up at her with wide empty-looking eyes.
Her breath caught in her throat, and her eyes continued to glow bright green as she stared down at the young boy. She cocked her head to listen, expecting the boy’s mother to investigate.
Silence reigned.
Squatting down, she held her arms open for him in a welcoming fashion. “It’s okay. Nobody will hurt you now. Come here, Caleb,” she beckoned.
He stared at her for a moment and bravely, but slowly, walked into her embrace. She hugged him to her and patted him on the back. After a moment, she picked him up and took him back outside into the cool, night air.
“Show me your arm,” she said while lowering him to the ground and squatting next to him.
He held up his arm, which was still bleeding slightly.
“I can give you some angel magic to make it feel better. Is that okay?” she asked.
 His eyes were huge, and he quietly held his arm out to her.
“Okay, but don’t move, Caleb. It takes an angel’s kiss to heal it,” she said.
She placed her tongue against the wound and held it there for just a couple of moments. The small taste of his blood was unlike any she had consumed in recent memory and was extremely powerful to her. But she mastered her temptation and removed her tongue from his skin.
His hand immediately went to probe at the wound area.
“Don’t touch it for a few minutes,” she instructed him.
“It feels funny,” he said.
“That’s the angel magic,” she explained.
Vampire saliva had healing properties, which were helpful for removing a prey’s bite marks.
“Did it stop hurting?” she asked.
He nodded. “Yeah.”
Then his eyes strayed back toward the direction of the garage, and his blank stare returned.
She couldn’t be certain what state of mind he was in, but the look in his eyes worried her.
He needs to forget.
“Good,” Amber said. “Now, I need for you to look into my eyes, Caleb.”
He gazed intently into her glowing green eyes. She had only tried mild hypnosis with dogs before, and she wasn’t certain how effective it would be on a human child.
“Okay, Caleb,” she said in a calm voice. “Look into my eyes. Forget the bad things today. Just remember playing with your toys…”
Her mantra continued for a few minutes longer.
Then the young boy returned to his backyard to play with his toys as nighttime fell, his memories blocked and the day’s horrors forgotten.
She watched him for a few moments, marveling at how oblivious he appeared.
Then she peered through a nearby window to see Caleb’s mother lying on the couch, curled up in a fetal position as she held a washcloth to her head.
That woman’s in a sad state, but what else am I supposed to do?
She looked at Caleb, who continued to play in the yard.
I did what I could.
She looked at the garage, realizing there was yet one more thing she could do.
Nobody noticed as a tall woman carried a body over her shoulder and a plastic cooler in one hand across a dark open field and into the woods.
All in all, it had been one hell of a day for Amber Simmons.
Through it all, she discovered a renewed interest in life, due in no small part to the unlikely bravery of a young boy, a little angel, named Caleb Taylor.
She carefully disposed of the body of Caleb’s abusive father, although the title of “father” to describe the man carried little weight with her.
Later, she made her way to her home in an upscale neighborhood in nearby Columbus, Ohio.
With her rejuvenated lease on life came the realization that her current identity as Amber Simmons needed to come to an end. 
It was time for a makeover.
But first, she made a final use of her resources as Amber to aid Caleb and his mother one final time.
During the following couple of weeks, she discreetly researched the Taylor family. Using her wealth and influence to acquire information, she discovered that the Taylors were a struggling family suffering from exceptionally high financial debt. They maintained a high balance on multiple credit cards, a substantial mortgage on their small acreage, and a higher-than-reasonable car payment on one exceptionally used car.
She fathomed that losing what little income they had via the death of Caleb’s father wasn’t helpful. At a time when the gap between the haves and have-nots kept growing wider, having nothing was even worse.
Fortunately, Amber owned Columbus Mortgage, a small mortgage processing company that she didn’t directly manage, though she maintained the power of strategic decision making.
She waited a couple of weeks following the abrupt disappearance of Caleb’s father before making an uncustomary, after-hours visit to the gentleman serving as the company’s manager, a man named Bob Fletcher. Given that she was the owner of the company, it took surprisingly little effort to convince Fletcher of her intentions under the premise that she was reaching out to a family in need.
Ever a corporate steward, Fletcher readily appreciated the positive public relations potential from the gesture.
Within days, an invitation letter was mailed from Columbus Mortgage’s human resources department specifically soliciting Caleb’s mother to complete an application for employment. They made sure to include the company information sheet on benefits, such as medical coverage, retirement, daycare, and vacation options.
Amber prided herself on making sure that her employees were well compensated. She never forgot that the company’s staff was doing her a favor without even realizing it. For Amber, who had sheltered her accumulated wealth in multiple locations throughout the world, the issue was now about social camouflage rather than capitalism.
In the end, Caleb’s mother eagerly took the bait.
Amber had to hand it to her: the woman cared enough about Caleb to step out of her comfort zone once the abuser had left the house. On top of that, Amber made unannounced, unnoticed visits during the evenings to check up on Caleb.
She was pleased to discover that Wanda wasn’t an abuser herself.
Amber remained in her identity longer than she’d expected just to make sure that Caleb and her mother settled well into their new life.
Amber’s final direct impact on the Taylors’ lives occurred when the company sponsored a raffle to provide a college fund for up to three employees’ children. Naturally, Amber ensured that Ms. Wanda Taylor was one of those winners.
In fact, the night of the award dinner, Amber uncharacteristically attended and conceded to pose for a photo with the winners; the sole time that she recalled having her picture taken as part of a company function.
Finally, the time had come for Amber Simmons to disappear and forge a new identity.
She sold her company to Bob Fletcher, whom she had carefully groomed for the role.
Then she carefully forged a new identity using a series of well-placed contacts in the vampire world; some legitimate, others not so much.
She adopted the name Katrina Rawlings and welcomed the return of her natural red hair color; a close associate of hers referred to it as ginger.
Her personal reinvention was accompanied by an inspired sense of freedom and a strong urge to travel the globe; yet again. She reengaged long-lost contacts and spent time with the few of her kind who she considered friends.
Months turned into years; years became a decade.
And while she wasn’t precisely happy, she felt remarkably content.
This is good enough for now, she conceded from a moonlit vantage point overlooking the Mediterranean Sea. More may fall into place eventually.
When more finally did fall into place, it came on a whim eight years later.
While on a nighttime stroll along the Seine in Paris, a young boy with sandy brown hair who appeared to be holding onto his mother’s hand for dear life passed by her.
It struck a chord in her.
I wonder whatever happened to little Caleb Taylor?
She wondered how long it had been since she had last seen him.
Nearly eighteen years.
He would be a man in his mid-twenties now; old enough to be married, and perhaps even with children of his own.
Forsaking one of the central rules of a vampire, namely, leaving one’s past lives behind, she placed a call to Bob Fletcher; he was still running the company.
Bob conveyed a shocking bit of news. Caleb’s mother had died of cancer more than a year ago. The last he had heard, Caleb had returned to Atlanta, Georgia soon after he had settled his mother’s estate.
Had it not been for Katrina’s insatiable curiosity that might have ended the matter entirely.
However, she made further inquiries, and discovered that Caleb had recently completed a master’s degree in history and was newly employed as a professor at a small community college in Atlanta.
Perhaps I’ll look in on Caleb.
The edges of her mouth upturned in amusement over how Atlanta, Georgia beckoned to her.


* * * * * * *


Chapter 2: First Impressions...Again


Katrina hailed as a citizen of the world, not a nation. Despite her worldly, well-traveled background, she had never spent much time in Georgia, though she appreciated the variety of forest environments blending in and around the cities and suburbs. It appeared to be an ideal environment for a vampire, in fact.
A week after she arrived in Atlanta, she entered an online application for enrollment at Robert Fulton Community College.
Less than forty-eight hours later, she enrolled in one of the fall evening history courses taught by Professor Caleb Taylor.
What better way to observe him without raising suspicion?
Mere hours before the first class session, she perused her limited wardrobe for a suitable outfit. Things seemed to be coming together nicely.
Then she frowned.
Oh, crud, she thought. I’m going to need a textbook.

*  *  *

Professor Caleb Taylor arranged his lecture notes as he sat in his closet-sized office. It was spartanly furnished, leaving only enough room for his desk, small bookshelf, and guest chair.
Nevertheless, he was grateful for the opportunity for a full-time faculty position; merely twenty-six years old and fresh out of graduate school.
With the state’s poor economic conditions, he felt grateful just to have a full-time job.
He glanced at his watch, realizing his evening class was about to start at eight-thirty; the last scheduled section of the evening.
Collecting his notes and textbook in haste, he bolted from his chair and into the hallway, barely remembering to close his office door behind him.
As the professor, it wouldn’t do to arrive late to his own class on its first meeting.
After all, first impressions are everything, he thought.
He took the stairs two at a time to the second floor.
Confidently striding to the instructor station in the front corner of the room, he noticed that only half of the forty-some chairs were occupied. The late evening sections typically hosted the smallest enrollments.
After welcoming the students to his Early American History class, he began calling roll, glancing up at each face in turn to try and associate names with faces: Bibbons, Cosby, Darby, Franks…

*  *  *

Katrina procured one of the few remaining copies of her history textbook from the student bookstore and quickly proceeded to the Social Sciences building.
She felt annoyed that she was running late to class that evening, though it seemed odd that it should bother her.
It wasn’t as if she was serious about attending college in the first place.
I’m only going in order to see how Caleb turned out. For all I know, I may never attend another session after tonight.
She quietly sat in a chair just inside the doorway on the back row as roll was being called.
After a quick glance at those seated nearby, she looked at the mature-sounding young man standing at the front of the room.
Caleb.
When her eyes settled on him, she arched one eyebrow in surprise and the edges of her mouth upturned slightly.
His online headshot photos didn’t do him justice.
He had a masculine, yet gentle looking face framed by neatly-maintained hair. She was happy to see that his eyes were still the beautiful, pale blue that she remembered from when he was a child, though she readily admitted the term “child” hardly applied to the strapping man that stood at the front of the classroom.
There was nothing childlike about him anymore.
Aside from his familiar looking eyes, he appeared a complete stranger to her.
His white Oxford shirt fit snugly to his muscled chest, further accentuating his athletic build. Seeing such a sexy man before her was completely unexpected, and she felt an immediate dual desire rise within her; one part sexual and the other predatory.
Despite the passage of many years, she recalled the momentary taste of his blood from that fateful day.
Of course, then he was only a child; forbidden.
Now he was an adult.
Fair game.
A wave of guilt flowed through her over such thoughts.
He’s Caleb. He’s the one who saved me.
Still, it was her nature.
She was a vampire, after all.

*  *  *

Caleb continued calling roll. “Jill Parker, Melvin Peterson…
“Katrina Rawlings?” he asked.
“Here,” a firm but silky voice answered.
He looked up to meet the face hosting such an enchanting tone.
When he looked at Katrina, he nearly lost his breath.
She was gorgeous.
She must be a fashion model.
And yet, there was something oddly familiar about her; something vague just on the periphery of his memory.
She appeared to be about his age and her pale features were punctuated by deep green eyes and shoulder-length red hair pulled back in a tight ponytail.
She stared back at him with such a penetrating look that he forced himself to glance down at the next student’s name to continue calling roll.
When he looked up again, he noticed that a few students had turned to look back at Katrina.
Following roll call, Caleb walked down the center aisle, handing out printed copies of the course syllabus to each row of students.
When he arrived at the back of the room where Katrina sat, his hand was starting to shake slightly, so he simply placed the paper onto the table before her.
She reached out to retrieve the syllabus without taking her eyes off him.
He forced himself to look away and returned to the front of the room.
Though he regained his focus, he briefly discussed the syllabus information, textbook, and the course objectives before dismissing the class early.
To his dismay, Katrina quickly rose from her seat and was the first one out the door.
He exchanged pleasantries with a couple of students following class, but later was unable to recall anything he had said.
He was still somewhat mesmerized by the beautiful woman who had sat in the back of the class. Something about her nagged at the back of his mind, but specific details eluded him, as if hidden behind some dark curtain that he couldn’t pull aside.
The one thing that was certain in his mind was that she had made an indelible first impression on him.
On his way downstairs, he heard a couple of younger male students talking nearby.
One asked the other, “Hey man, did you get a look at the redhead sitting in the back? I’d tap that in a second.”
Yeah, ditto, he thought.
He unlocked his office and gathered his things before heading home for the night.
Very soon, his thoughts returned to the mysterious Katrina Rawlings.
It was better that he focused on her solely as a student.
For one, she was there to take a course; never mind that hooking up with a student was both unethical and against college policy.
And second, his wounds were still fresh from the break up with his girlfriend of six months, Melanie Baxter.
Wounds were Melanie’s specialty; she progressively chipped away at both his self-esteem and humble bank account, all while saddling him with emotional baggage and ample guilt trips.
In the end, her final, masterful killing strike was to his sense of trust, delivered via an explosive argument for maximum effect.
Melanie seemed to savor a good argument, particularly if it was laced with melodrama.
She left him for Greg Betwich, who they had been introduced to at a mutual friend's costume party.
Yeah, that’s priceless. She left me for a guy who came to the party dressed as an M&M.
Caleb recalled how Greg circulated the party telling women, “Hey, I melt in your mouth and not in your hands.”
What a creepy dude.
As he drove home that night, he recognized that, no matter the rationale, Ms. Rawlings was a dangerous prospect for him.
However, despite his cautionary feelings, he already couldn’t wait until the class met again on Thursday evening.

*  *  *

Thursday rolled around again in no time, and Caleb was looking forward to his evening history class.
He was so anxious for class that he forgot to bring the handouts for the essay that he planned to assign that evening.
When he abruptly whirled around in the middle of the hallway, he nearly lost his balance and almost slammed into Katrina Rawlings.
She immediately grabbed his arm and held him in place with a surprisingly strong grip as he righted himself.
“Whoa, my bad!” he exclaimed with embarrassment.
“Are you okay, Ca –” she said with concern before correcting herself. “I mean, Professor Taylor.”
“Huh? Yeah, sure, I---” he said sheepishly while feeling the heat rise in his face.
He craned his neck to look up into her eyes.
My God, she’s tall.
He sensed energy – an attraction – toward her that felt nearly electric and built until it threatened to overwhelm him.
She arched one eyebrow at him. “Yes?”
“I forgot the essay handouts,” he said.
He breathed in and smelled the fresh scent of cherry blossoms as he stared into her beautiful eyes.
His mind screamed, Danger, Caleb!
He tore his eyes from hers and deliberately looked at her hand that was still firmly gripping his arm.
She took notice to that and released him.
“Listen, um, you go on in, and I’ll be, uh, right back,” he stammered before purposefully walking back down the hallway toward the stairs.
As he retrieved the handouts from his office and made his way back to the classroom, he marveled over Katrina’s fast reflexes and unusually strong grip.
Focus, Caleb, focus.
“I apologize, everybody,” he said as he walked into the classroom. “I forgot the essay handouts on my way up here. I know how much you’d hate to miss out on a writing opportunity.”
An assortment of groans permeated the room.
Caleb took roll while continuing to associate names with faces.
Of course, he recognized Katrina already.
She watched him with amusement from the back row of the room, but still projected an appraising expression that threatened to distract him.
He handed out an essay assignment sheet to everyone and proceeded with his lecture on a brief review of European explorers who had visited the New World as a precursor to the westward expansion of larger scale European settlements.
“Well, can anyone tell me what primarily influenced Portugal to decline Christopher Columbus when he begged funding for an exploratory expedition to seek a western route to Asia?” he asked.
The room was silent as he scanned the faces.
His eyes fell upon Katrina.
“Since Vasco de Gama helped initiate the profitable Portuguese control of trade routes to Asia around the Cape of Africa, Portugal believed there was little need to seek additional passageways,” she spoke up, breaking the silence.
His right eyebrow shot up with surprise. “Yes, that’s absolutely correct, Ms. Rawlings. Excellent.”
Numerous students turned to look at Katrina, but she maintained her focus on Caleb.
Despite asking the questions and directing the class, when it came to Ms. Rawlings, he couldn’t help feeling as though he was the one under the microscope.
He was suddenly aware that everyone’s attention had returned to him.
The lecture proceeded uneventfully, but as soon as Caleb dismissed the class, Katrina was once again the first student to leave the room.

*  *  *

Katrina drove away from the college feeling especially hopeful.
She definitely liked Caleb.
She thoroughly enjoyed meeting him, though it felt like it was for the first time.
Of course, she found him very attractive and intelligent, and she felt an unexpected surge of chemistry between them.
She also thoroughly enjoyed his reaction when they nearly collided in the hallway that evening.
He intrigued her.
Of particular interest was that he didn’t seem to recognize her, which suggested that her hypnosis trick from his youth must have been successful.
At least part of her overriding curiosity about Caleb had been satisfied.
As she drove down the street, she considered additional variables.
Originally, she had committed to attending a couple of his history class sessions before deciding what to do next. And while she wasn’t sure what the future might bring, she was quite certain of two things.
First, she found the Atlanta area appealing, so she planned to remain there for the foreseeable future.
Second, she was committed to completing her history class, including her study of the man named Caleb Taylor.
Anything further was negotiable.
Including regarding Caleb.


* * * * * * *


Chapter 3: Rescued


Time was of little concern for a vampire. Weeks passed uneventfully with Katrina sitting in her usual place at the back row of the classroom. They exchanged discreet looks or a nod of acknowledgment, but little more.
Katrina maintained her focused interest in the material, but especially in Caleb.
Her intense stares that Caleb initially found slightly unnerving began to feel comforting over time, as it was the only attention he could ethically garner from her in the roles they played.
He noticed that numerous male students and one female student relocated to the back rows of the room in the area where Katrina sat.
Despite the subtle following, she focused her attention exclusively on Caleb, as if studying him even more than the material being discussed.
After two exams, which she passed without error, Caleb still struggled to determine what seemed so familiar about her. It was as if there was something he should have recalled but he couldn’t quite grasp it.
It was maddening.
He wanted to find out more about her in hopes of revealing some clues, but after each class, she always left before he could approach her.
He wondered if he had given off a bad vibe. It wasn’t as if he planned to ask her out or anything.
He wasn’t about to risk his career by getting fired from his first teaching job for fraternizing with a student.
Of course, he appreciated that there was no way she could be aware of his own personal convictions on the subject.
In the end, he resigned himself to the fact that Katrina was simply elusive for reasons that were her own.
He would strive to respect that.
At the very least, he looked forward to their interactions within the classroom.
On a particularly drizzly evening two weeks prior to the end of the eight-week semester, the parking lot lights fluctuated as Caleb walked from his car to the building.
In passing, a maintenance worker said they were troubleshooting a systemic electrical short.
With the budget cutbacks due to the poor economy, it seemed that even parking lot lighting was being piecemealed together just to remain operational. It never ceased to amaze him that during poor economic times, when the influx of students was greatest and the need for education most pressing, community colleges were funded at some of the lowest levels by state governments.
Face it; education wasn’t as appealing to politicians as roads and bridges.
He went to class as usual, and once again, Katrina departed immediately after class was dismissed.
Not being in a hurry to get back to his empty apartment, he chose to stay a little later to catch up on grading essays.
While sitting at his desk, out of the corner of his eye he thought he caught a glimpse of someone walking past his office.
“Hello?” he asked.
He rolled his chair to the doorway and peeked out into the hallway, but it was devoid of anyone.
He returned to grading essays.
After an hour, he locked his office and went out to the parking lot. As earlier that evening, the parking lot lamps were completely out in a large section where his car was located, evoking an ominous feel.
As he arrived alongside his car, an older model Honda coupe, he heard something behind him.
He turned and was confronted by a large-framed individual wearing jeans and a dark hooded sweatshirt. He couldn’t make out the man’s face in the darkness, but he did see the glint of a long steel blade being wielded in the person’s right hand.
“Give me your wallet, asshole!” the man demanded.
“Be cool,” Caleb urged, wide-eyed with his hands held up slightly.
“Shut up!” the man ordered. “Just make this easy and give me your damned wallet!”
Caleb couldn’t believe what was happening.
He glanced around nervously, but saw no other people around, and the security car that normally patrolled the parking lots was nowhere to be seen.
“Okay, okay,” he said anxiously as his eyes focused on the guy’s knife.
While reaching into his back pocket and slowly withdrawing his wallet, he couldn’t believe what was happening.
A sick feeling in the pit of his stomach formed as his heartbeat raced and he struggled with a sudden flood of bad memories of abuse at his father’s hands as a child.
Stay focused. It’s just my wallet.
“Hurry it up,” the man said.
Caleb held out his wallet and the man reached out to take it from him.
In the blink of an eye, Katrina appeared out of nowhere.
Her right leg shot out, and the heel of her knee-high boot caught the guy in the ribs with a small crunching sound.
The fellow gave a groan before abruptly turning to flee across the main street and down a side alleyway between two nearby buildings.
Katrina watched the man flee and felt the strong, immediate desire to pursue the assailant.
No, not pursue, but rather hunt him down and drain his blood.
Instead, she turned to look at Caleb with concern.
He was speechless as he still clutched his wallet in his shaking hand.
“Oh, God,” he said. “I can’t believe that just happened.”
He stared at Katrina as if she were some kind of super heroine. He’d never seen anyone do anything like that before.
It was amazing.
She reached out to lightly touch his upper arm with a look of concern. “Caleb, are you okay?”
He nervously ran his right hand through his hair as he gazed up into her eyes. “Yeah, fine...thanks.”
As his heart pounded away in his chest, he failed to grasp that she had called him by his first name.
She studied his body language and guided him to lean back against his car as she protectively wrapped her left arm around his shoulders.
“Listen, I don’t know how to thank you,” he said in his most grateful-sounding voice possible.
She gave him a supportive and reassuring look. “How about some bonus points in lieu of an out-of-class project?”
He nervously chuckled and scanned the area around them. “Yeah, as if you needed bonus points. I’d wager you’d teach the section better than I do,” he said.
“Knowledge isn’t everything,” she said. “I appreciate a talented, charismatic presenter.”
He considered the dubious merits of standing in a dark parking lot immediately following an attempted robbery.
As she stood with her arm around him, she was surprised to discover that she enjoyed being there with him. And she felt happy that he was safe.
Such feelings caught her off guard, in fact.
She regarded him with an intense expression as she listened to the continued pounding of his heartbeat, and a sense of urgency rose within her.
She felt the strong call for blood. Her predatory instincts screamed for action and she wrestled to bring them under control.
At that moment, he looked at her and could have sworn that her green eyes seemed to emanate a slight glow.
A dormant memory of glowing green eyes surfaced from somewhere deep in his mind like a flash of lightning.
A surge of fear and anxiety exploded in his chest, causing his breath to catch in his throat.
Where did that come from? What was that?
Katrina noticed his shocked expression and quickly averted her gaze.
What happened to him? Was it my eyes?
The urge to leave him grew stronger for more reasons than one.
“You better go now while it’s safe. I’ll see you in class,” she urged as she turned to walk across the dark empty parking lot.
As if snapping out of a trance, he called after her. “Hey, wait! At least let me drive you to your car.”
 She just kept walking. “No need. Drive carefully on your way home.”
He looked down only long enough to unlock his car door. “Maybe we should go by the security office to report this,” he said in a raised voice.
However, when he looked back in Katrina’s direction to see if she had heard him, she had already disappeared from view.
Visually scanning the parking lot, he could see no trace of her. There weren’t any cars within view that she could have gotten into, and he didn’t recall hearing an engine start.
That’s weird. Where did she go?
He drove to the other side of campus where the security office was located to report the attempted mugging while the details were still fresh in his mind.
Still, he wondered what his earlier strange vision meant.
More to the point, he wondered where it came from.

*  *  *

The injured man pulled his hoody closer around his face against the evening’s renewed drizzle. He hurried down the neighborhood street and into an alley, still clutching his left arm to his ribs. They ached furiously, and he suspected that at least one was probably cracked.
He was no stranger to street fights, but he typically gave far better than he had received that night.
In his distracted state, he paid no attention to a lone sports car driven by a red-haired woman who glared at him through her window as she passed by.
Instead, he stared straight ahead and angrily kicked an empty beer bottle out of his path. He was furious about the failed encounter back at the college’s parking lot.
It should’ve been a quick take from an easy mark.
Who the hell was that crazy bitch that showed up?
It was as if she came out of nowhere.
He felt embarrassed and pissed off, and his ribs badly ached where her boot heel had caught him.
Cursing, he abruptly turned down yet a trash-strewn alley between two older brick buildings. It was a shortcut he had taken many times before.
Half of surviving on the street was about knowing where to go and how to get there fast without being noticed.
As he tramped across papers and debris halfway down the alley, he heard boot heels clicking not far behind him.
He stopped and palmed his knife from the sheath concealed beneath his hoody as he turned to see who it was.
The lady from the college parking lot stared back at him with a flat expression from the far end of the alley.
At that moment, her hunting instincts sang with life. However, they were also tinged with something much stronger.
Anger.
He was after Caleb.
Katrina bared her fangs and a sense of panic washed over the man when he saw them.
“Oh, shit,” he said.
He didn’t understand what her wicked-looking teeth were all about but he knew enough to turn and get the hell out of there.
Sprinting down the alley, he barely made it a dozen feet before something impacted him from behind, knocking him to the ground.
He managed to roll out of the fall and regain his footing, though it caused intense pain to shoot through his torso.
It was the woman. Somehow she’d managed to catch up to him.
She lunged at him as he swiped his knife toward her.
She deftly caught his wrist and twisted. Pain shot through his wrist as the knife harmlessly clattered to the grimy concrete.
“Bitch!” he yelled, and punched her in the face with a solid blow from his left fist.
Katrina took the blow fully on the jaw, causing her head to twist in the other direction.
Her head swiveled back and she glared at him.
He could have sworn that her eyes were glowing!
“What the fu --” he started before crying out in agony as she broke his right wrist bones with a quick twist of her hand.
She slammed him against one of the old brick buildings bracketing the alley while using her left hand to pin his face against the wall.
He yelled out as she sank her fangs into his jugular vein and sealed her lips against his sweaty skin.
She relished his reaction.
He attempted to struggle, but she pinned his body to the wall like a fixture, and within moments he felt the strength leaving his body.
As his legs buckled, she held him upright against the wall.
A strange sense of calm washed over him, even as he felt sluggish and a growing sense of weakness. A euphoric feeling overcame him just before he blacked out to the sounds of slurping and swallowing.
Then nothing.
Katrina withdrew her fangs and wiped her mouth against the material of his cotton hoody. In one swift jerk, she snapped his neck between her hands and let the body drop to the concrete.
A ripple of satisfaction permeated through her as she relished the warmth of his blood already beginning to metabolize in her system.
“Very tasty,” she muttered.
She reached down with one hand and picked him up by the belt around his waist.
After hauling him down the length of the alley, she walked up to an old rusting trash dumpster and slid open the side access door. 
She casually tossed his body inside.
Reaching into her jacket pocket, she removed a small can of Zippo cigarette lighter fluid and sprayed the contents onto the body and the surrounding cardboard boxes.
She lit a single match and tossed it and the empty canister onto the body, which quickly ignited.
Immolation was her preferred method of eliminating evidence. 
Satisfied that the contents were protected from the drizzle by the closed dumpster top, she walked to the front of the alley, the only sound from the clicking of her boots on damp pavement.
As she walked down the sidewalk to where she had parked her car, she scanned the area around her again to ensure that she hadn’t missed any public cameras.
A twenty-first century world required increased caution by vampires.
Her thoughts soon gravitated to Caleb and the grim satisfaction she felt for tying up the loose ends with the guy who had tried to rob him.
Caleb was definitely getting under her skin…and she liked it.

*  *  *

Caleb was still experiencing such a degree of shock that he scarcely recalled the drive to his apartment across town.
On top of that, a sense of vulnerability permeated his mood.
He was grateful, and astonished, that Katrina had miraculously been there to help him. But he nevertheless felt ashamed.
While not a violent person by nature – he had no tolerance, much less desire, for physical violence after the abuse he had suffered as a boy at the hands of his father – he wondered if he shouldn’t have made an attempt to thwart that guy in the parking lot himself.
She made it look so effortless.
By the time he drove past the all-hours gate security booth at the entrance to his apartment building’s underground parking garage, he felt both emotionally and physically exhausted.
The elevator ride to his third floor apartment seemed to last forever.
In his apartment, he dropped his keys onto the small counter that separated the kitchen from the living room and draped his leather jacket over the back of a barstool.
He retrieved a beer from the kitchen refrigerator and plopped onto the worn leather sofa in his living room.
Then his mind replayed the events from that evening.
Something made a subdued clanking noise outside his living room window, giving him a start.
He placed his beer on the coffee table before him and walked over to the sheer curtains covering the living room windows.
Upon pulling the curtains aside, he saw the metal fire escape outside and the aged brick wall of the nondescript warehouse directly across the alleyway.
Though relieved, he silently berated himself for his paranoia.
The sheer curtains effortlessly fell back into place and he returned to his place on the couch.

*  *  *

Katrina quietly leaned against the black metal railing of the fire escape in the shadows just outside Caleb’s apartment window.
As she watched him through the sheer curtains of his living room, she felt a little like a stalker.
She sighed with resignation.
It wasn’t as if she could just call him or stop by his apartment to check on him.
That would be too strange; they hardly knew each other.
Still, she wanted to look in on him and make sure he was okay.
Of course, she pondered what exactly she might do if he wasn’t.
Fortunately, the point was mute; he appeared to be fine.
Oh, he’s very fine.
She longed to explore him further, including kissing those inviting lips of his.
From the heat rising inside her and a tingling sensation elsewhere, she felt a longing to do other things with him, as well.
She craved his body.
She craved his blood.
Her watch absently clanked against the metal railing, which appeared to catch his attention.
She shrank further back into the shadows and held her breath until he finally left the window.
Having determined that he was well, she decided it was time to leave him.
For the time being.

*  *  *

Caleb wanted to make a kind gesture to Katrina for having come to his rescue, but he wasn’t sure what.
It didn’t seem proper to buy her something, and a thank you card seemed far too lame.
Instead, on the first class following the event, as he passed by her on the way to the back of the classroom to dim the overhead lights for the projector, he discreetly slipped her something.
Katrina turned the little piece of cardstock around to read it.
It was a handmade business card that stated Katrina Rawlings, Mugger Rescue Services. Let me kick your problems to the curb.
Below that, Caleb wrote: Thank you, K. Best, C.
There was even a drawing sketched in the upper corner of the card of a leg kicking outward.
Her heart melted.
A warm feeling flowed through her and she smiled at him.
She recognized that Caleb conjured a sense of kindness in her that she didn’t often feel.
It was a quality that gave her pause for reflection, even as she relished the talented lecturer on his stage at the front of the room.
The last two weeks of the semester passed very quickly for both Katrina and Caleb.
For Caleb, he was finishing his first eight week session as a professor. And while the sixteen week sections he taught were still only halfway complete, he nevertheless felt a sense of accomplishment.
Moreover, he loved teaching.
He enjoyed the students, particularly a red-haired student from his evening history class, who was not only an excellent history student but had quite fortunately demonstrated an aptitude for self-defense.
It had been a strange first semester, to say the least.
On finals night, he passed out the exams to students in his evening history class.
He lingered at Katrina’s location for a moment longer than the others, smiling down at her with a hopeful, yet melancholy expression as he placed the exam on the table before her.
Katrina took in his expression and felt a pang of sadness.
Admittedly, she was going to miss coming to his class; she could sit and listen to him lecture for hours on end.
She gave him a reassuring look. “Don’t worry, I studied,” she said.
The friendly expression he offered warmed her heart.
As was customary, she finished her exam before anyone else.
She brought the exam to the front of the room and placed it onto the podium in front of Caleb.
She read the somber emotion in his pale blue eyes, which seemed to call out to her in an almost helpless manner.
As she withdrew her hand with a quick, smooth motion, she lightly caressed her fingertips across the top of his hand as he gripped the sides of the podium.
She heard his heartbeat skip in that instant, and she winked at him before turning to leave.
He watched her walk away and thought, I’ll definitely miss you, Katrina.


* * * * * * *


Chapter 4: A Parisian Curve Ball


The first eight week session ended with a roar. Caleb spent the next week grading exams, meeting with students regarding their grades, and trying to bring order to the chaos often accompanying the end of a semester. It was the first time he had experienced the process completely from the opposite side of the podium, and he gained immediate sympathy for his previous college professors.
He anticipated that the end of the sixteen week session would be even more hectic.
Sitting at his desk late Thursday evening, he finished posting the grades online for his evening history class.
There were only a few A’s but Katrina was definitely one of them.
She earned a perfect score on every assignment and exam.
Her accomplishment, while uncanny, somehow failed to surprise him. He had a sense that she was a remarkable woman at many levels.
And yet, he knew virtually nothing about her.
Odd.
He stared at the computer screen before him.
His eyes grew heavy as he contemplated a cat nap.
“You’re quite the night owl,” said a familiar voice.
He nearly bolted out of his chair and his heart felt like it had seized.
“Geez, Katrina,” he said, staring up at her. “You startled the hell outta’ me.”
She regarded him with a mischievous look while casually folding her arms across her chest.
Catching his breath, he took a moment to appreciate the way her black denim jeans and sweater snugly fit her body. Her red hair was pulled back into a ponytail, giving her a sexy, yet edgy, appearance.
She was simply beautiful.
“Sorry to startle you,” she said playfully.
He grinned. “Yeah, well, you got me there.”
She arched an eyebrow at him. “Lucky me.”
He admired her quick wit.
“So, Katrina, what brings you up here at this time of night?” he asked. “Seeking wayward muggers?”
“Alas, not this time,” she said.
“Oh, really?” he asked with raised eyebrows. “Curious about your final grade? It should be no surprise that you made a perfect score on everything, including the bonus questions.”
She listened to his pulse, appreciating his strong heart. From where she stood, amidst the quiet, she could hear the blood coursing through his body.
A rush of desire flooded over her as her bloodlust rose. 
“Thank you. Very reassuring,” she replied. “Actually, I came for you.”
Came for me, he wondered?
She noted the momentary look of confusion on his face.
Slow down, girl, she silently admonished.
Her assertiveness often intimidated even the most alpha of men.
“What I mean is, I was hoping that we could chat,” she amended.
“Oh, sure,” he replied and gestured to the small guest chair next to his desk. “Have a seat. What’s up?”
He could have sworn he saw a sparkle in her green eyes.
“Actually, I was hoping we could visit over coffee,” she said.
He certainly would have liked that. However, a small warning bell went off in his head.
“I’m sorry, Katrina. I really shouldn’t,” he said. “What with you being one of my students and everything.”
“I see,” she said. “And have you posted our final grades?”
“Well, yes, as a matter of fact,” he carefully answered. “But you’re still a student.”
“Really?” she asked. “I think you’ll find that I’m no longer actively enrolled here.”
She watched with satisfaction as a surprised look played across his face.
“I don’t understand,” he said. “Aren’t you enrolled in any of our sixteen week courses?”
“Nope.”
“Well, then perhaps the spring?” he asked.
“Wrong again.”
“But –” he paused. “Your potential is amazing. Aren’t you planning to finish a degree or something?”
She regarded him with a sly expression. “No, my college experience has come to an end,” she said. “Fortunately, it provided me with all that I require.”
“Okay,” he said. “What other courses have you completed?”
She slowly squatted down until she was at eye level with him. “Just one. Early American History,” she replied. “I made an A.”
His mind reeled at the odd implications of her simple statement.
Then his thoughts paused as he grew increasingly lost in the pair of beautiful green eyes staring back at him.
“Coffee?” she asked, maintaining a steady gaze. “I’ll drive.”

*  *  *

In the parking lot, Katrina stopped before a sleek, jet black Audi sports car and clicked her remote to unlock the doors.
Even by the dim lighting it was a spectacle of automotive engineering.
He thought it looked like something out of his dreams, which was how it would remain to him given his college professor salary.
“This is your car?” he asked.
She appreciated his look of incredulity.
“Hop in,” she said while plopping into the driver’s seat.
As he sat in the passenger seat he reveled in the luxurious leather interior. The vehicle fit him like a glove, and he glanced sidelong at Katrina with a wide-eyed expression.
“This is brand new,” he said while breathing in the scent of the new car smell mixed with fresh leather. “Wicked awesome.”
Ah, dear Caleb, wicked I know all too well. In fact, I’m all about wicked, she thought to herself.
She relished their drive through the Atlanta streets as the radio played alternative rock tunes. A sense of anticipation emanated from him in small waves, and she took pleasure in having piqued his curiosity.
Katrina drove them to a cozy coffee shop named Profound Grounds located on Northeast Moreland Avenue.
The place was nearly empty at that hour.
She studied Caleb with interest as they sat across a small table from each other.
She enjoyed sitting with him.
Finally, there were no impediments to her interest in him. Gone were the premises of the college environment in which she initially sought him.
He was hers to focus on entirely.
She considered the nature of her possessive thoughts about him, and found them quite unexpected.
Before her was a strikingly handsome man whose recent history she knew very little about. And yet, she knew far more about him than he might expect, albeit more so from his youth.
Caleb lifted the mug of Darjeeling to his lips. Realizing it was still too hot he sat the mug back down and looked at Katrina.
He noticed her intently observing him.
“Nice little place,” he said. “Been here before?”
“No, first time,” she said. “I’m all about trying new things.”
“So, you’re the adventurous type, then?” he asked.
“Adventurous? Oh, you have no idea,” she replied.
He thought she was both enchanting and unusual all at the same time.
He took a tentative swig of his tea.
“Do you like it?” she asked.
“Yes, actually,” he said.
“You sounded almost surprised,” she said. “Don’t you like surprises?”
“Sure, sometimes.”
In truth, he rarely strayed very far outside of his comfort zone, even when it came to tea.
And yet, that evening he felt more daring than usual.
He wondered if Katrina didn’t bring that out in him.
She leaned across the table toward him in conspiratorial fashion. “I think you’re lying.”
He felt frozen in place before her.
“I, uh—“
Her intense gaze practically pinned him in place.
“No,” he confessed. “You’re right, actually.”
She gave him a knowing look.
“That’s not to say I’m boring or anything,” he said.
“And just how could you accurately be the judge of that?” she asked.
“Well, I—“
She reached out to grasp one of his hands in hers. “Please, I’m only playing with you.”
While it unsettled him over just how accurate she might have been, he was quite happy to be holding her hand in his.
“Tell me something,” she said.
“Yes? What?”
“Anything,” she said. “Where would you go if you could visit anywhere in the entire world?”
“Italy,” he said. “Definitely Italy.”
“You’ll want to visit Tuscany then,” she said.
“Have you been there?” he asked.
“Oh, yes.”
“Very cool.”
“I’m surprisingly well-traveled,” she said.
“I’d like to see Greece, too,” he added.
“Mykonos is breathtaking,” she said.
He stared into her beautiful green eyes.
And she’s absolutely breathtaking.
They drank their tea for a moment, silently appreciating each other’s company.
Like an unexpected visitor, an odd sensation fell over him.
What is it about her?
“Caleb, is something the matter?”
“Listen, this is gonna’ sound strange,” he said. “There’s just something about you that seems so familiar to me. It’s like something on the edge of my brain…but always just out of reach.”
His revelation conjured a warning alarm in her head.
If there was anything that gave her pause to get to know him better, it was his memories.
But I blocked them.
And yet, she had never done anything like that before.
She had no way of knowing how long the memory block might last.
Even worse, she had no idea of how he might react if his memories returned.
Already, to have the feelings he had, some orphaned sense of awareness had formed in the back of his mind.
“Katrina?” he asked. “Hey, I’m sorry. I wasn’t trying to freak you out or anything.”
She arched one eyebrow at him. “It takes much more than that to freak me out, Caleb.”
The look in her eyes sent a chill through him.
“I’ll change the subject,” he said.
“Yes, a change of subject,” she said. “Tell me about your childhood, Caleb.”
His eyes widened.
“What about my childhood?” he asked.
He never talked to anyone about his childhood.
It was better left forgotten.
“My childhood?” he asked.
“Yes,” she said. “Where did you grow up? What were your hopes and dreams?”
What had started out like a completely unconventional date for coffee had suddenly turned into something that was becoming increasingly uncomfortable.
“I had a pretty unremarkable childhood, actually,” he said.
When it came to humans, she was a living lie detector.
She expertly monitored pulse, muscle tension, pupil dilation, and a host of other minute aspects of the human body.
And the human before her was lying at an epic level.
Earlier, she had merely been playing with him.
But now it was something entirely different.
She might not have blamed him. It made sense.
But it disappointed her nonetheless.
She looked at her watch.
“Well, it’s getting late,” she said. “I’d better get you back to the college now.”
Caleb felt as if a bubble had abruptly popped between them.
“Already?” he asked. “But you haven’t even finished your tea yet.”
She gave him a wan look.
“Caleb, what’s your greatest pet peeve?” she asked.
“What? Pet peeve?” he asked. “Uh, I dunno. Rudeness?”
“Interesting,” she said. “Would you like to know what mine is?”
“Sure.”
Her narrowed eyes nearly pierced into his soul. “Liars,” she said.
He swallowed hard as a torrent of emotions washed over him.
She picked up her purse and stood. “You can get a to-go cup for your tea if you want.”
His heartbeat pounded in his chest as he stared up at her.
“Yes?” she asked, though there was an edge to her voice.
He probably should’ve just stood up and left with her.
He wagered it might have been easier for him than the alternative.
Easier than the truth.
He stood up and stared down at his half-empty mug of tea.
“Fine, we’ll go,” he whispered.
He paused. “But just so you know, my childhood wasn’t good. It was crap…right up until the day my alcoholic father abandoned my mother and me.”
He turned to leave.
Then he felt her hand pull at his.
“Wait,” she said. “Sit back down Caleb.”
He looked up into her eyes.
“But—“
“My sacred rule is to never lie to me,” she said.
“Epic fail on my part,” he said tentatively.
“Actually, no,” she said. “In the end, you chose to tell the truth, even when it might not have made any difference. That means something.”
He found something odd in her tone, as if he were being weighed and measured by her.
“Who are you?” he asked.
He had never met anyone quite like Katrina before. She was both mesmerizing and unsettling all at the same time.
But the last thing he wanted was for the evening to end.
“Let’s move over to that booth over in the corner,” she said. “And unraveling mysteries take time.”
He accompanied her across the room to a relatively secluded corner booth, then stood aside for her to sit down first.
Instead, she pointed to the booth.
“Very gentlemanly,” she said. “But please, you first.”
He hesitated.
“No, really, I insist,” she said.
“Not much of an inside seat fan, are you?” he asked, sliding into the booth.
She sat down beside him. “Let’s just say that I prefer the driver’s seat to the passenger one.”
It was a telling admission on her part.
“I think I understand,” he said.
“Then you’re quite perceptive,” she said.
She was typically a good judge of character.
“You don’t mind being a passenger, do you, Caleb?” she asked.
“I’ve never given it a lot of thought,” he said.
“I see. Well, when dating, who normally drives; you or the lady?” she asked.
“I do,” he said. “Though my car’s not terribly impressive. However, yours is amazing.”
The edges of her mouth upturned slightly. “I’m not talking about cars, Caleb.”
His eyes widened.
“How do you feel about women drivers?” she asked.
He considered the question for a moment.
“No objections, I suppose,” he replied. “Though I haven’t had a great deal of experience with those types of drivers.”
“And how do you feel about the prospect of me driving?”
He gazed into her eyes and felt almost entranced.
“I think I’m okay with that,” he replied.
“A promising revelation,” she acknowledged.
“But I’ll be sure to wear my seatbelt, just in case.”
She winked at him. “No need to worry, I’m a very safe driver.”
He quirked his lips. “So, do you ever let anyone else drive?”
“Occasionally,” she said. “When the mood strikes.”
He wondered what he was getting himself into.
“More tea?” she innocently asked.
Later that night, Katrina dropped Caleb off at the college parking lot to get his car.
“I had a great time tonight,” she said. “I enjoyed our visit and getting to know you better.”
“I did, too,” he said. “Although we spent most of the time talking about me. By contrast, you’re still a veritable mystery.”
He reached for the door handle.
“Remember, unraveling mysteries takes time,” she reminded him.
He thought there was a distant tone to her voice, and he turned back toward her.
“Katrina would you go out with me?” he asked. “I mean, again, of course.”
She definitely wanted to see him again, and was so happy that he asked.
“So, despite all of the mystery surrounding me, I haven’t freaked you out?”
“Not really,” he replied. “It takes much more than that to freak me out, Katrina.”
She reflected on her own words coming back to her.
And how bravely, and yet naively, you spoke them.
“I’ll have to try harder then,” she said slyly.
His responding look of surprise almost made her regret her words.
However, he quickly recovered.
“I take it you’ll want to drive?”
“Is that a question or acquiescence?” she asked.
“Is it my choice?” he asked.
“I could politely say, yes. But, in truth, not really.”
He shrugged. “Acquiescence then.”
She gave him a look of satisfaction.
Oh, you learn quickly, Caleb.

*  *  *

Caleb went out with Katrina twice more over the next three evenings; once for dinner, once for dancing.
He discovered how fashionable and conversationally diverse she was, and she appreciated how charming and intelligent he was.
And if chemistry greatly determined their future success together, they had already secured a solid foundation by the end of their night of dancing.
During their dinner together, Caleb revealed more history surrounding his troubled childhood and the time he spent from high school through graduating from college with his master’s degree.
“My father wasn’t a kind man, you see,” he told her. “Alcoholics can be reasonable at times, I suppose, but they’re unpredictable. It was safer to avoid my father altogether, though it wasn’t always easy to do. Sometimes he came looking for me. There was one time I remember when…”
Katrina listened closely and maintained a neutral expression for Caleb’s benefit, but inwardly she seethed over both his recollections and her own brief memory of his father.
Your father was a sadistic, despicable man, Caleb. It was a great pleasure killing him.
Caleb stopped. “Penny for your thoughts?”
“What? Oh, I’m just absorbing what you’re saying,” she said with a supportive expression. “Please, do go on. What about your mother?”
“One day, my father simply disappeared. My mother said he just abruptly left, and then we never heard from him again,” he continued. “Not long afterward, Mom got a really good job in Columbus working for a mortgage company, and she worked her way up to a senior lending supervisor spot before she passed away.
He had no idea that Katrina already knew many of those details.
Still, she appreciated hearing his firsthand perspective, which provided a better understanding of him emotionally, as well as philosophically.
She definitely liked what she discovered.
Rather, she liked who she discovered.
“Mom became obsessed with security around the house. She took a self-defense class, bought a shotgun, and made sure we had a great home security system,” he continued. “Our lives finally made a turn for the better.”
“But Mom never seemed quite at ease,” he said. “I asked her once what she was afraid of, but she never answered me; she just changed the subject.”
“She probably just wanted to move on,” Katrina suggested.
“Perhaps,” he said. “I know it sounds crazy, but I kept thinking…it’s like she was waiting…waiting for someone to come after us.”
“Your father,” she said.
“The one and only,” he said. “But, despite that logical conclusion, I always had a strange feeling in the back of my mind that said that wasn’t going to happen. It was as if something inside me knew he was never coming back.”
“That must have been comforting,” she offered.
“It should’ve,” he agreed. “But it just felt…weird; slightly unsettling. I mean, how could I be so convinced that he wasn’t coming back? I had no idea where he was.”
She arched an eyebrow.
How, indeed?
Yet again, she sensed that he still retained some latent memories of what she tried to block.
She hoped his memory block remained firmly in place.
“Well, your father never came back, so that must be of some comfort,” she said.
“He could be dead, for all I know,” he said.
She gave him a sharp look.
“Which would suit him nicely,” he added.
She reached across the table to lightly caress the top of his hand with her fingertips.
“Let’s talk about something more pleasant,” she said.
“Yes, let’s,” he said.
Their evening out dancing at a couple of Atlanta’s local clubs generated rounds of laughter from both of them. While Katrina was highly coordinated with expert timing and balance, Caleb felt more like an awkward Muppet.
She found him endearing, and he brought out a lighthearted playfulness that had been absent in her life for many years.
She was having genuine fun.
Her days were so full of life.
And, as much of it was largely due to Caleb, her fondness for the handsome young man was rapidly growing stronger.
Of course, also growing stronger was her desire for his body…and his blood.

*  *  *

Katrina relished her time with Caleb, ranging from evening visits to daytime texting and periodic phone calls.
Thus far, he hadn’t begun asking sensitive questions about why she never went out with him during daylight hours, but she knew that time was coming sooner than later.
A solution for addressing that issue moved into the forefront of her thoughts.
Despite her growing infatuation with Caleb, her world didn’t entirely revolve around him.
Since reclaiming her interest in the world, Katrina reestablished social ties to some vampires from her past.
By and large, most of them happily returned her interest.
One such vampire, Garett from Paris, had become a weekly contact for her.
Unfortunately, he had been out of contact since her arrival in Atlanta.
While not entirely unusual for vampires to drop on and off social radar, it seemed out of character for Garett, who was refreshingly gregarious; a social butterfly of the first order.
Perhaps a brief visit to Paris is in order, she considered.
That evening, she met Caleb in the lobby of the Georgia Aquarium for a special fundraiser dinner on behalf of his college’s science department.
His eyes widened upon seeing her enter the lobby.
Apparently, the elegant sequined dress that she selected was a real hit with him.
“You look absolutely amazing,” he said.
“Thank you,” she replied. “And you’re quite the handsome gentleman.”
“It’s a shame you couldn’t make this afternoon’s tour,” he said.
“I’m afraid that my days are usually filled with activities,” she said. “But I’m happy that I could join you for the dinner.”
“You know,” he said. “I don’t think you’ve ever said what occupies most of your days.”
She curled her arm around his and guided him from the lobby.
“Haven’t I?” she asked.
“Not that I—“
“Oh, it looks like it’s a full house,” she interrupted. “Do you think there’s time before dinner to introduce me to some of your friends and colleagues?”
“What? Oh, I’m sure there is,” he said.
She recognized that the time was quickly approaching when she would either have to confide in him with a critical secret or choose to distance herself from him.
The very thought of the latter generated a sour feeling in the pit of her stomach.
Perhaps a visit to France would help clear her thoughts on the matter.
Garett had always been such a good listener.
As the dinner was brought out, an entrée of prime rib was placed before Katrina, causing her to blanch.
“Excuse me,” Caleb said. “She’s one of the vegetarians.”
She gave him an appreciative look.
“My apologies,” the server said. “I’ll remedy this immediately, sir.”
Katrina reached out underneath the table to caress Caleb’s thigh with her fingernails.
“Ever the gentleman,” she whispered.
Following dinner, Caleb walked Katrina to her car.
“Did you have a nice evening?” he asked.
He reached out to encircle his arm around her hips.
“It was lovely,” she said, pulling him close and wrapping her arms around him. “I had a wonderful time. Thanks for inviting me.”
“Any plans tonight?”
A carnal impulse heated her blood.
Her thoughts raced, warring against her desire for him.
Embracing her and lightly running his fingers down to the small of her back, a hopeful expression crossed his features as his eyes practically sparkled.
This isn’t the right time, she resolved.
“I’d love nothing more than to spend the evening together,” she said. “But I’m afraid I have to pack.”
He pulled away from her slightly. “Pack? For what?”
“I need to go to France rather unexpectedly,” she said.
“France,” he said absently. “So, do you have family there, or is this business?”
“As a matter of fact, I need to see a friend who lives outside of Paris,” she said.
His eyes filled with confusion. “A friend?”
She caught the hint of jealously both in his eyes and his voice.
“It’s a long story,” she said. “Suffice to say, I need to check in on him.”
“Him?”
She placed her palm against his soft cheek.
“Careful,” she said. “You’re a sweet man, but that jealous boyfriend routine might get on my nerves.”
He appeared crestfallen.
“Jealous? No, I just—“
She arched an eyebrow at him.
“Well, maybe just a little bit,” he conceded sheepishly.
She curtailed a laugh.
While amusing, she was happy to see that his feelings ran strong, and somewhat possessive, toward her.
That’s a good sign.
She gave him a quick, affectionate kiss on the cheek.
Though brief, he took immediate notice to it, and his eyes lit up.
It was the first time she had kissed him.
“I’ll call you when I return,” she said, disengaging from him to retrieve her car keys from her purse. “We’ll talk more about things then.”
He reached up to brush his fingertips against the place where she’d kissed him.
“Okay,” he said. “Be careful. Maybe take some photos while you’re there?”
“I will,” she said as he held her car door open.
“I’ll text you,” he said before pushing her door closed.
She easily sensed his interest in her, and it pleased her.
He took a deep breath and sighed, waving to her as her car pulled away.
He lingered in the parking lot for a few moments longer, surprised over the strong feelings he had already developed for her in just a short time.
She was unlike any woman he’d ever dated before; so mysterious and alluring.
She’s amazing.
Yet, he remained intently curious about her relationship history with her friend in France.


* * * * * * *


Chapter 5: Three Questions


Katrina’s contempt for daylight was partially born out of its past interference with her plans. As such, when her flight to Paris arrived at Charles De Gaulle Airport in the middle of the night, it pleased her greatly.
While Sunset Air, the special vampire-owned transportation company that catered to her kind, had special accommodations for daylight arrivals, she was pleased knowing that she could proceed directly from the airport to Garett’s abode with no inconvenience. The company’s fleet of aircraft was renowned for their fully-enclosed cabins that sheltered vampire passengers from exposure to dangerous UV exposure.
She paused only long enough to text Caleb about her safe arrival, retrieve her luggage, and pick up her rental car.
It had been many years since she had last visited Paris. As she programmed an address into the car’s GPS system, she wondered how much had changed since she had last been there.
Based upon French tax records, conveniently accessed by her resourceful vampire friend Alton, Garett’s last known address in the nearby city of Meaux, located east of Paris, was property still under his ownership.
Whether he resided there or not remained to be seen.
When she finally arrived at his small acreage just outside of town, the main gate leading onto his property was closed and locked.
She easily jumped over it and proceeded to his rustic looking cottage style home.
Not only was Garett not home, but the back door was unlocked.
Katrina was unsettled following a quick search of his home.
Everything appeared to be in proper order…except for the living room.
Much of the furniture was overturned, as if a struggle had ensued.
There was also a large indention on one wall, as if someone or something had impacted it at high velocity.
Someone was thrown against that wall.
Then a spot on the stone tiles before the fireplace caught her attention.
It was a residual pile of ashes.
The peculiar thing was that the fireplace was devoid of ashes, actually dusty from lack of use.
She squatted down to test the ashes between her fingertips.
Then she smelled the residue.
Oh, hell.
It was the final remains of one of her kind.
Garett?
She looked over at the picture window, its curtains pulled aside to permit a clear view of the outside.
It was the ideal source to fill the entire room with natural light during the day.
She couldn’t be certain, but it appeared likely that Garett had fallen victim to foul play.
And that prospect made her angry.
Garett may have been a vampire, but he always conducted himself with honor and sincerity, whether to humans or vampires.
She considered him to be a kind soul.
And he didn’t deserve such an end.
She retrieved her mobile phone and dialed her best asset.
“Alton,” she said. “I have a situation and I need your help again.”

*  *  *

Katrina grew increasingly frustrated as days passed in Paris with no additional leads on Garett’s death or possible perpetrators to the act.
However, it didn’t diminish her resolve to solve the mystery.
And, once solved, retribution would be hers to administer.
Unfortunately for Caleb, her resolve momentarily distracted Katrina from him, though he was oblivious as to the reason.
For Caleb, he only knew that his occasional texts went unacknowledged.
After two days, he ceased trying and focused on his academic responsibilities. His work distracted him; at least until he went home to his apartment.
Then he relied on online gaming, some reading, and phone calls to his closest friends from college; most of whom lived in other states.
The part that bothered him was that, while his friends sounded happy that he was dating again, they asked a number of questions about Katrina; common questions that he should’ve easily been able to answer, but couldn’t.
“Where’s she from?” asked Doug.
“Uh, she mentioned growing up in a small town in the U.K. somewhere,” Caleb replied.
“Yes, but what town?” Doug pressed. “Didn’t she ever mention the name of the city?”
Caleb had no idea, actually. He recalled that when he’d asked her about those things, she had changed the subject.
“What does she do for a living?” his friend Martin had asked.
“Well, she’s been traveling for the past few years, so she’s not employed right now,” Caleb replied. “She’s driving an awesome new Audi sports car, though.”
Martin had laughed in response. “Well, she may be on her last dime, for all you know. Be careful, my friend.”
His conversation with his friend Nancy had caused the greatest stir.
“Where’s her family from, Caleb? Are her parents still living?” Nancy inquired. “Does she have any brothers or sisters?”
In fairness, those were some of a host of questions that he had asked Katrina; few of which she actually answered, in retrospect.
“Well, uh, I don’t recall the name of the town she’s from,” he lied. “I think she said that her parents passed away some time ago, in fact. I forget when, exactly. And she never mentioned any brothers or sisters.”
That was yet another question that Caleb realized she had never actually answered; instead, she had diverted them off to another conversational tangent.
“C’mon, Caleb,” Nancy teased. “Didn’t you ask her? Let me guess, this is all about sex for you, isn’t it? Remember that girl, Trish, from our sophomore year at Georgia State? I swear you two were like rabbits.”
Caleb forced a chuckle, though he felt very embarrassed that he actually knew very little about Katrina.
As the days passed, he felt much less at ease about Katrina.
It really bothered him.
Three days later, she texted him.
Thank you for your recent texts. I’m returning to Atlanta soon.
He replied with a smiley face, though he thought her text seemed somewhat standoffish.
Part of him wondered if she had decided to cool her interest in him in lieu of her mysterious friend.
If true, it seemed a shame, especially since he still wanted to know more about her, if only to satisfy his own curiosity.
He resolved that he wasn’t going to lose her interest without a fight, so he made plans for a romantic gesture.
 A couple of days later, he received another text message from her.
My flight returns tonight. We’ll visit again soon.
To his relief, he didn’t teach a night class that evening, so he researched returning flights from Paris and quickly implemented his plan.
There were only two flights to Atlanta that night coming from destinations following inbound flights from Paris.
He made it to the airport much earlier than needed just to ensure that nothing was left to chance.
With red roses in hand, he passed the time reading a biography on Theodore Roosevelt by Edmund Morris.
After the first arriving flight failed to reveal Katrina, he felt confident that the remaining flight from a company called Sunset Air had to be hers.
Three hours later, he watched as Katrina walked through the arrival terminal.
The expression on her face was so serious, almost stony, that he hesitated before approaching her.
She appeared deep in thought, and she failed to notice him standing at the back of a crowd of people.
He rushed forward, hastily concealing a dozen red roses behind his back.
“Katrina!”
She turned toward him so quickly that she was almost a blur of movement.
Her green eyes were narrowed, appearing nearly feral, for just a second before she recognized him.
It stopped him dead in his tracks.
“Uh, I—. I mean, I’m sorry to startle you,” he said.
“What are you doing here?” she asked flatly.
“Um, welcome back?” he replied.
“How did you know I would be here?”
“Well,” he said. “I checked online, and then here I am—“
“Why?”
Rather than say anything he extended the roses toward her.
However, he thought it felt like one of the most awkward feeling good intentions in recent memory.
“For me?” she asked in a lighter tone, taking the flowers from him.
She smelled the buds. “Oh, they’re beautiful, Caleb.”
He relaxed somewhat as she regarded him with an appraising look.
“Surprise,” he said.
“Hm. Thank you.”
He accompanied her to retrieve her luggage and then carried her bags to her car in the long term parking garage.
She said absolutely nothing about her trip as they walked, but he did his best to make small talk about the weather.
After he loaded her luggage into her car’s trunk, he stepped back.
“Well, I suppose I better get going,” he said.
She still appeared somewhat tense, and he wondered if it was him or something to do with her trip.
Katrina noticed his reserved demeanor.
While not really interested in socializing at the time, she likewise didn’t want to hurt his feelings.
Instead, she gave him a quick, platonic hug.
“I’m sorry but I’m not feeling particularly sociable right now, Caleb.” she said.
“Is everything okay?” he asked. “Or, perhaps you’re just tired from your flight.”
She took a deep breath. “My trip didn’t go as planned,” she said. “But it’s not something I care to discuss at the moment.”
“Oh, sure,” he said. “I understand. Perhaps we’ll talk later.”
He turned to leave.
“Caleb,” she called.
He turned back toward her.
“Thank you,” she said. “I know you meant well. It was very kind of you.”
He conceded and walked back to where his car was parked.
While he appreciated her kind words, he had the feeling that something was simply wrong.
He only hoped that it wasn’t anything to do with him.

*  *  *

Four days following Katrina’s return to Atlanta, Caleb still hadn’t been out with her, and he was no closer to understanding what had happened on her trip.
He resigned himself to the idea that she might not be interested in him any longer.
Then, on the night of the fifth day following his evening class, he discovered Katrina waiting in the parking lot, leaning against his car’s trunk.
In truth, he wasn’t actually certain if he was happy to see her or not. It annoyed him that she had been so unapproachable with him since her return from France.
“Hello, Katrina,” he offered.
He remained stoic as he opened his car door and tossed his backpack into the back seat.
“Rough class tonight?” she asked.
“Class was fine, thanks,” he replied. “Actually, I’m a little surprised to see you.”
Something was obviously bothering him, and she suspected she was at the center of it.
Men.
“I wanted to see you,” she said. “I hope you’ll forgive my recent absence.”
“I’m sure you had your reasons.”
“Yes, I do.”
He didn’t know what else to say, so he remained silent.
However, each of them sensed the palpable feeling of tension between them.
“You don’t owe me any explanation,” he offered.
“No, I don’t.”
He started to say something and then fell silent again. Why bother?
“You know,” he said. “I don’t think this is going to work out between us, if that’s even still in the cards.”
“Caleb, I’m sorry. The truth is, I’d like to spend some time with you,” she said. “Then perhaps we can talk.”
He considered her for a moment; the elusive, beguiling woman before him.
“Katrina, I really like you. I really do,” he said. “But these past few days, I’ve come to realize that you’re still a veritable stranger to me.”
“So, you’ve decided that you don’t want to see me anymore,” she said. “Is that it?”
“I don’t even understand you,” he said. “You’re like an anomaly to me.”
“You really know how to charm the pants off a woman, don’t you?”
And yet, part of her understood why he might think the way he did; she had told him very little about herself to that point.
Given her past string of failed relationships, opening up to others was hard for her, especially to men.
She recognized that she had some serious trust issues to overcome.
He ran his fingers through his hair and looked away from her in an exasperated manner.
His mind raced with thoughts ranging from how much he was smitten with her and how much her behavior aggravated him, all at the same time.
She sensed the struggle within him; heard his heartbeat pounding with emotion.
A soft spot deep in her heart wanted to wrap him in her arms and hug him close to her.
But she hesitated.
Instead, she stepped toward him, wrapped one arm around his shoulders, and pulled him back against the car.
“Listen, I’ll make you a deal,” she said. “I’ll answer any three questions – as truthfully as I can – and at the end, you decide if you want to continue seeing me or not.”
He looked up at her with a puzzled expression. “You really are quite strange. You understand why someone would think that, don’t you?”
She arched an eyebrow. “Careful. I’m indulging you as I have no one else before.”
His expression sobered.
“Well?” she asked.
“Really? Any three questions?”
“Yes.”
“Wait,” he said. “That wasn’t one of them, right? Oh, no! That one doesn’t count either.”
She moved her nose to within an inch of his and gave him a stern look. “Caleb.”
He nearly winced. “Sorry.”
“First question,” she said, pulling away from him slightly. “Now…proceed.”
He took a deep breath as his mind contemplated a litany of possible questions.
He had so very many to choose from.
“Okay, then,” he said. “Who are you?”
She had to admit that was a good first question.
“I’m not your typical woman, Caleb,” she said.
After a moment of silence, his expression soured. “Oh, that’s so not enough. And besides, that’s already obvious to me,” he said. “You’ll need to be more specific.”
She rolled her eyes. “Very well.”
She carefully selected her words. “Survivor. World traveler. Obsessive planner. Control freak,” she said. “Contemplative thinker. Eternal fighter. Insatiable consumer.”
He frowned after her last descriptor.
She loves to shop a lot?
“Consumer,” he muttered under his breath.
“Is that your next question?” she asked.
“No,” he replied, though he was tempted. “At least, I don’t think so.”
She noted the look of bewilderment on his face.
She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Consumer. You could say that I have a certain thirst for life,” she said wryly.
He wasn’t certain that she really helped clarify the matter; at least, it sounded like a rather odd clarification.
“Well, one thing’s for certain, you’re definitely not the typical woman,” he said. “Okay, question two. Tell me why you’re the way you are.”
She admired his query.
He’s very clever.
It was yet another appealing aspect about him.
“I have an old soul,” she said, staring off into the night. “The way you see me – the woman I am now – was forged by hardships and sacrifice…and pain. But now I’m much wiser, far stronger, and more resilient because of it.”
He looked at her and noticed the fierce, determined look in her eyes.
She caught him staring at her. “What’s the matter?”
“You,” he said. “There’s something incredibly powerful in your expression…and in you.”
Her expression softened and she placed the soft palm of her hand against his cheek.
“You’re very sweet,” she said.
His eyes narrowed. Sweet?
That definitely wasn’t a response he expected.
“Now, you have one question left,” she said. “But make it a good one. I’m not sure when I’ll feel this charitable again.”
He massaged his temples with his fingertips, deep in thought.
I don’t want to screw this up. Think. Think!
Then it dawned on him.
“Why me?”
She adopted a thoughtful expression. “You’re very attractive. You’re smart and charming; an amazing conversationalist. You make me smile and laugh—“
“No,” he interrupted her. “You’re telling me what you like about me. I want to know why me?”
She stared at him.
Oh, you incredibly bold man.
“You surprised me,” she said. “You have a capacity that I thought I recognized, but in the end, I underestimated that and more. You’re far more than the sum of who I anticipated.”
He wasn’t sure what to say to that.
“And do you know what’s really funny, and perhaps a little sad, about that?” she asked.
“No.”
“I think you don’t even recognize those things about yourself yet,” she said.
He stared up into her eyes, struggling to make sense of her.
“What? I don’t understand.”
She shrugged. “Three questions, each answered as truthfully as I can. That’s it.”
“But—“
“No, three questions asked and answered, as promised,” she said. “I even offered a bonus observation for no additional charge.”
“C’mon,” he pleaded. “Just one more question.”
She held her index finger up before his face. “No.”
“You’re not going to budge are you?”
She playfully tapped him on the end of his nose with her fingertip. “You’re going to discover that I don’t budge easily.”
He gave her a wry look, still trying to digest what she had revealed to him; something he anticipated was going to take no small degree of effort.
She practically speaks in riddles half of the time.
She turned to face him. “Now, I have a question for you.”
“Yes?”
She reached down and held his hands in hers. “Have I scared you off yet?”
A small, timid part of him was tempted to say yes.
It was the safer answer; a coward’s response.
But a much larger and stronger part of him – a formerly silent part that seemed to grow in prominence within him even as he contemplated her question – was too drawn to her to submit.
He steeled his recolve. “Hardly. Oh, you’ve confounded me already, but you have yet to scare me off, Katrina Rawlings.”
“Good. You don’t know how very happy I am to hear that,” she said.
“But mark my words, I’m pretty good at solving puzzles,” he said. “And I’m going to solve the puzzle of you, no matter how long it takes.”
She slowly crossed the inches of distance between them and softly kissed him on the cheek.
Oh, how I hope that someday you do, Caleb.
And I just hope you’re not too afraid of what you discover.


* * * * * * *


Chapter 6: A Declaration


Katrina spent the following day in her sublevel room; a large room at basement level that she had remodeled and outfitted with all the comforts of home. It was like a miniature apartment below her estate house above.
While her thoughts were heavily focused on her trip to Paris, nevertheless she took time to reflect upon her conversation with Caleb the previous night.
It was the sole uplifting development since finding Garett’s ashes; something hopeful and nurturing to counter her sadness and anger over what was likely Garett’s murder.
Her obsessive thoughts concerning Garett had caused her to cut short her visit with Caleb, though she vowed not to ignore her newfound interest.
She came home and spent most of the night in quality online research, including following the few scant leads that Alton had suggested.
Then she was obsessing over thoughts of Caleb again.
Her tangential contemplations were maddening to her; she wanted nothing more than to concentrate on matters at hand.
Still, she rationalized that most people normally obsessed over new and burgeoning relationships.
But I’m not “people.”
It had been a long time since she had experienced the newness of a relationship.
I should stop it now before things get out of hand with him.
I’m not good at relationships.
She thought she might have learned her lesson from the string of fatal endings scattered throughout her long second lifetime.
Yet, she found Caleb intoxicating and his presence addictive.
Perhaps part of that is his sweet-smelling blood.
She had tasted it fleetingly, and only once, decades ago.
The flavor of his blood had been so very tempting to her.
But he was forbidden fruit then; far less now.
She closed her eyes, took a deep breath and let it out slowly.
Focus.
She opened her eyes and called her friend Alton for additional information on the investigation into Garett’s demise, but nothing new was available.
“I’ve contacted Octavia in Trondheim,” Alton said. “She’s the closest asset that I have who has reliable detective skills.”
Katrina reviewed some background material that Alton had sent her.
“She served in both the German Abwehr and the Israeli Secret Service,” she said. “That’s quite a bit more experience than a mere detective.”
“Precisely,” Alton said. “But more than that, as with you, she is also a friend of Garett’s.”
“You’re not excluding her due to possible emotional bias?”
“On the contrary,” he countered. “How do you feel about the prospect of finding whoever killed Garett?”
“I’ll tear them apart,” she said. “No matter how long I have to wait, they’re destined for a hard death.”
“Precisely,” he said. “I’m sure Octavia feels much the same.”
“Shrewd, yet logical, as always.”
“Thank you, my dear,” he said. “I’ll be in touch again soon.”
Alton.
She doubted her life would be the same without him.
Her thoughts quickly returned to Caleb, and with it, her craving for him.
Craving his body.
Craving his blood.
She glanced at her watch, only to be disappointed to find that she still had six hours before sunset.
Damn the sun.
I won’t be able to see him for hours.
Then she fathomed that, given her current state of hunger, the delay might actually spare his life.
The thought of draining him dry sent a cold shiver through her; the vision of his cold, dead eyes staring back at her.
No, not Caleb!
Never like that.
And yet, she pondered what set him apart from other men in her past.
She had killed the others in the end….save for one. His fate had been sealed in quite a wholly unexpected manner.
No, Caleb was quite different from any of them; in truth, a refreshing difference.
She made her way upstairs and heated a large ceramic mug of human blood in the microwave.
The first sip was always the most satisfying to her.
She relished the warm liquid flowing down her throat and into her belly.
With her thirst satiated, her thoughts cleared, and she regained a more balanced perspective on Caleb.
She understood that it wasn’t really the inconvenient delay by sunlight that spared him.
It was the warm mug of blood that she cradled between her hands.
But then, hadn’t that always been the case with her?
While her immediate thirst had abated, one thing hadn’t; her desire for Caleb.
I think tonight merits a special visit.

*  *  *

Caleb had a hard time focusing on his daily routine, much less concentrating on academia, particularly following the conversation he had with Katrina the previous night.
She’s so beguiling, and yet so surreal at times.
His previous interest in her had elevated to new heights following their last visit.
Of course, the fact that he was rereading the same essay in his hands for a third time was a telltale indicator.
He mulled her answers to his three questions around in his head until he could practically recite them backwards and forwards.
Oh, you bewitchingly mysterious woman.
And yet, Katrina was unique among any other women he’d known, and he coveted the challenge of solving the puzzle that was her.
He wanted to see her again, and soon.
As he reached for his mobile phone, it rang, startling him.
He snatched it up.
“Hello?”
“Caleb? It’s Katrina.”
His heart soared.
“Hi,” he said. “It’s great to hear from you.”
“Having a good day?”
“Better now that you’ve called.”
“Aww, you’re sweet,” she said. “So, do you have plans for this evening?”
“As it happens, I’m completely available.”
“Good. I’d really like to see you. How do you feel about a night in for a change?” she asked.
“A night in? Sure,” he agreed. “What did you have in mind?”
“I was thinking perhaps we could order some take-out and then curl up on the couch for a movie or something,” she said. “Maybe chat some more?”
Oh, that sounds amazing.
He made the effort to sound cool and collected. “Sure. That sounds like fun.”
“You don’t sound very enthused about that,” she said. “Caleb, are you playing coy with me?”
He swallowed hard and his heartbeat raced. “What? Oh, no, not at all.”
She listened closely to the telltale sounds of his body’s reaction.
“Very good,” she said with an approving tone. “Does seven o’clock sound okay to you?”
“Absolutely,” he said. “Seven is just great.”
She made a small purring sound that sent a shiver of anticipation down his spine.
“I can’t wait,” he added.
“There, that’s much better,” she said. “I can hear the enthusiasm in your voice again.”
“Thanks,” he said, and winced over how lame that just sounded.
“I like your enthusiasm, Caleb,” she said. “You’ll learn how rewarding it can be.”
He nearly lost his breath.
She giggled.
Her voice sounded both playful and edgy all at once.
He loved it.
“Enjoy the remainder of your day,” she said. “See you tonight.”
She hung up, leaving him practically squeezing his mobile phone for dear life.
He leaned back in his chair and took a deep breath.
Wow!
He promptly emailed directions to his apartment to Katrina.
Within minutes, his phone rang again, and he whipped it up to his ear.
“Long time, no chat,” he said playfully. “Forget something?”
“Well, you sound awfully cheerful, Caleb,” replied a familiar feminine voice.
She was so infuriatingly familiar that he suddenly wished he had checked the caller ID before answering.
“Why is my being cheerful awful, Melanie?”
His ex-girlfriend knew precisely how to push his buttons; she seemed to channel the art of button pushing, in fact.
“Listen, I don’t have a lot of time,” she continued unabated. “Do you remember when you said that you still had a container of my things at your apartment?”
“Yes, and I also remember how you’ve dodged my last three attempts to return your things to you.”
“I wasn’t dodging you,” she retorted. “Things came up, that’s all. You know, the whole world doesn’t revolve around you, Caleb.”
He rolled his eyes.
Oh, no, it revolves around you, doesn’t it?
“Look, why not just give me your address and I’ll happily drop them off for you,” he said.
“Um, well, Greg doesn’t actually want to give you his address. I mean, our address,” she said. “I’ll just stop by your place tonight. Okay?”
“What, Greg thinks I’m the stalker type or something?”
“No—”
“So, maybe he’s a secret agent then?” he pressed.
“Caleb—”
“Fine, whatever. Stop by tonight,” he said. “Wait, what time?”
“I can be there around six o’clock,” she replied.
He considered that Katrina was coming over at seven, so that might still work okay.
“Okay, six o’clock then,” he said.
“Good,” she said. “And you’re sure everything is there? I can’t find my favorite set of red coral earrings and I’m sure I left them in the bathroom. Oh, and don’t forget my—“
“Melanie, it’s all in there,” he assured her. “Trust me. I’m returning everything.”
“Hey, you don’t have to get all snippy with me.”
He stifled a groan and silently started counting backward from ten.
“If something comes up at the last minute, I’ll text you.”
“Fine.”
“Later!”
Despite the aggravation, he wanted nothing more than to hand over the last of Melanie’s belongings to her and be done with the whole mess.
He liked the idea that she could finally be relegated to his past, once and for all.
Another upside was that he’d be able to see Katrina afterward.
Then something dawned on him.
Oh, crap! My apartment’s a complete disaster.

*  *  *

Caleb rushed home after his last class later that afternoon and immediately went to work cleaning his apartment.
He just managed to finish taking a shower and changing into fresh clothes when the doorbell rang.
He glanced at his watch and noticed it was nearly six-thirty.
A peek through his front door’s peephole revealed Melanie.
Then he saw her new boyfriend, Greg, standing close behind her.
Oh, fun.
“Hey, Mel,” he said. “Greg.”
Melanie squeezed past him before he even managed to open the front door fully.
“Well, you finally learned how to clean house, I see,” she said.
“If you recall, I was the one who usually cleaned house.”
“Are you implying I was lazy?” she demanded, hitching her hands atop her hips.
Greg started to enter, but Caleb held up his hand.
“Hey, you can just stand outside, if you don’t mind,” he said. “Nothing personal, you see. I’m just careful about who I let inside my apartment.”
Greg sneered. “Whatever, man.”
Instead, he stood just outside and leaned against the wall, which pleased Caleb to no end.
He took additional gratification closing the front door on him.
“Caleb, that was rude,” she admonished.
He ignored her and retrieved her plastic container of belongings for her.
“Here ya’ go,” he said. “Been nice seeing you, Mel.”
She made a huffy sound and sat the container down, immediately removing the lid and rummaging through things.
He looked down at his watch and noticed Melanie looking up at him.
“What, you’ve got a date or something?”
“What is that supposed to mean?” he demanded. “As a matter of fact, I do have a date coming over soon, thank you.”
She gave him a withering look. “Really? More likely the pizza delivery boy.”
“Her name is Katrina,” he said. “Look, just never mind that. Are we done here?”
“I need to find my coral earrings,” she said while continuing to rummage.
He went to the kitchen to retrieve a beer from the refrigerator.
“Would you like something to drink?”
“No,” she said flatly. “I’m not here to socialize with you.”
He enthusiastically twisted the cap off of his beer bottle and took a big swig.
Oh, please, just leave.
She held up a handful of music CDs. “I’m leaving these.”
“Why?” he asked.
“These are Ted’s,” she said. “Don’t you remember? The guy I was seeing just before dating you.”
He stared at her with his mouth agape. “And why should I care? They’re not mine. You brought them here. I don’t want them.”
She stacked the unwanted CDs on the floor beside her box. “Fine. I’ll let you throw them away for me.”
“Are you almost finished?”
“Oh, don’t be such an ass,” she complained. “I’m not going to spoil your little date with Sabrina.”
“Katrina,” he corrected her.
“Don’t you lecture me, Caleb,” she said. “I’m not one of your little students.”
She picked up one of the CDs and threw it at him like a throwing star.
“Hey!” he yelled as it impacted the small section of kitchen wall beside him. “Enough!”
She slapped the lid onto the container as someone banged on the front door.
“What’s going on in there?” Greg demanded. “Don’t make me come in and kick your ass, man.”
“Oh, I’ve had enough!” Caleb yelled.
He slammed his beer bottle down onto the counter and headed directly for the front door.
“Don’t even think about it, Caleb Taylor,” Melanie warned.
She started flinging more plastic CD cases at him in a barrage.
Caleb was stunned. She’s crazy!
He slapped two out of the air but one caught him squarely on the forehead.
“Ow!”
The front door flew open and Greg stomped inside.
“Okay, asshole!” he growled. “What did I just say?”
Caleb held one hand against his forehead. “Hey! She’s the one throwing crap at me!”
A loud clanging noise sounded just outside of Caleb’s living room window.
Melanie jumped. “What the hell—?”

*  *  *

Katrina was so happy once sunset finally arrived.
It was about six fifteen when she arrived at Caleb’s apartment building.
Rather than appear rude by arriving too early, she opted for peeking in at him from the fire escape.
Between the growing darkness and Caleb’s alley side apartment view, she wasn’t particularly worried about being noticed.
She once again felt a little like a stalker, but she rationalized that technically she had been invited in the first place.
Unlike previous occasions, his blinds were turned mostly downward but there was enough of a gap to see inside.
It appeared he did a great job cleaning up since she last looked in on him.
She watched as he walked out from the bathroom without a shirt on.
While admiring his fit, muscular physique, she felt heated desire grow inside her.
Oh, Caleb.
She heard the doorbell and listened to the exchange between Caleb and the two strangers.
She took particular interest observing and assessing the woman named Melanie.
Honestly, Caleb, you deserved so much better.
After listening to the exchange between her and Caleb, she blanched.
Yep, she’s a real bitch.
When the first plastic CD was thrown in Caleb’s direction, she tensed.
Anger quickly welled within her.
When the next flurry of CDs went flying, she felt rage.
She admired Caleb’s dexterity, but she winced as the last one hit him on the forehead.
Enough!
She leapt off of the fire escape, only to drop three stories down and land squarely upright on her feet.
Seconds later, she was already inside the building and running up the flights of stairs.

*  *  *

“Grab your crap and get the hell out of my place,” Caleb demanded. “Or I’m calling the police.”
Greg moved toward him.
“What’s going on here?” Katrina demanded.
Everyone lurched with surprise, including Caleb.
Katrina strode into the room like an ominous, oncoming storm.
“Holy—“ Greg muttered.
Katrina set her gaze upon him, her eyes nearly glowing. “There’s nothing holy about me.”
Caleb froze, his mouth agape. Oh—my—God.
“Bitch, who the hell are you?” Melanie demanded.
Katrina stepped in front of her and caused the much shorter woman to crane her neck upward to meet her gaze.
“I’m the one telling you to leave,” Katrina replied coldly. “Bitch.”
She wanted nothing more than to reach out and snap the woman’s pitiful neck like a small twig.
Just a twist of my wrist is all it would take.
She was so very tempted.
Of course, then she’d have to kill Greg. And that would likely upset Caleb.
She certainly didn’t want to freak Caleb out.
“Hey, now, lady,” Greg said.
Katrina’s gaze fell upon the man like a curse. “You. Leave now…while I’m still feeling charitable enough to permit it.”
“By the way, Mel, this is Katrina,” Caleb said, almost surprised to hear the sound of his own voice. “She’s my girlfriend.”
Katrina gave him a surprised look. Well, this night is simply full of surprises.
Melanie’s responding expression was a mix of shock and near horror. “Let’s just get the hell outta’ here, Greg.”
Greg gave Katrina a wide berth as he stepped around her.
Katrina gritted her teeth and stared at him, fury evident on her face.
“Bring my container, Greg,” Melanie demanded while peering back inside from the hallway. “Hurry!”
“Melanie,” Katrina prompted in a cold voice.
Both Greg’s and Melanie’s eyes fixed on Katrina.
“Don’t ever come back here,” she said. “Don’t email, text, or call. Do you understand?”
The woman nodded dumbly while Greg fumbled to pick up the container and hurry out into the hallway with her.
Katrina looked down at the floor and reached down to pick up the remaining couple of CDs.
She slowly strode into the hallway and flung them at the retreating pair.
Caleb heard them impact the floor much further away.
“Take those with you,” she said. “And don’t make me ask twice.”
Katrina stood silently – statue like – watching Greg pick up the CDs.
“Now…run away,” she ordered.
“Never mind the elevator, Greg,” Melanie pleaded in a panicked voice. “Hurry, the stairs!”
Caleb didn’t move an inch as he watched Katrina reenter his apartment and firmly close the front door. She set the deadbolt and turned toward him.
They stood still, merely staring at each other.
His wary, wide-eyed expression – near bewilderment – spoke volumes to her; it fostered a sense of regret within her.
Her intense expression appeared to him to be a mix of strength, fury, and curious assessment.
She looks like a lion sizing up prey, he considered.
She closed her eyes, took in a deep breath, and slowly exhaled.
Then she opened her eyes and appeared less feral, more sedate.
“Did I unsettle you?” she asked.
“Of course not.”
She arched an eyebrow.
“Okay, maybe just a little bit,” he admitted.
“Are you saying that because you’re sincere, or because you’re intimidated by me?”
“Yes.”
She cocked her head slightly to one side. “Yes?”
“Both.”
She found that wholly amusing. “You’re perfectly safe. I was protecting you, after all,” she said. “I fiercely protect those I care about.”
“And how many people would that constitute?”
His eyes narrowed as he considered that. “Admittedly, not many.”
“You were very convincing,” he said.
“Convincing is a component of competence,” she said. “And the will to act, if needed.”
He didn’t know quite how to respond to that.
As he stood there, his mind began replaying the past few minutes as if it were a dream.
She slowly walked toward him and stopped directly before him.
He looked up into her eyes, meeting them with the same curious intensity they reflected toward him.
She reached down and lightly ran her fingertips across his cheek.
“So…I’m your girlfriend then?” she asked.
He blinked. “Sorry, it just sort of tumbled out. I’m sure that sounded silly.”
She thought it was endearing, as well as unexpected.
“Not silly. It sounded like a declaration, of sorts,” she said.
“You didn’t approve?” he asked.
“I didn’t say that,” she replied. “The question is did you mean it?”
He reached out to rest his hands atop her waist. “Well, yes. Absolutely.”
“You hardly know me,” she said.
“True, but I like who I know so far,” he said. “I’ll figure you out more as we go.”
“Hm. Your girlfriend,” she said, as if trying the word on for size.
That’s not a term that was ascribed to her in a number of years; decades, actually.
He waited, wondering if her reaction was a good sign or a bad one.
“I think it’s lovely,” she said. “And, I accept.”
A hopeful expression dawned across his face.
She bent down to kiss him squarely on the lips; tentatively at first, and then harder.
He pulled her body against his and initiated kisses of his own.
She guided him over to the couch and pulled him onto it alongside her.
Their kissing continued and she drew in the scent of his freshly drawn blood, giving rise to a growing bloodlust within her.
She abruptly pulled from of their kiss.
“What’s wrong?” he asked.
“You’re bleeding,” she said. “We should take care of that.”
He hadn’t given it a second thought. In fact, at that moment, he would’ve gladly bled to death if it meant he could keep kissing her.
She rose from her place on the couch.
“Really, I’ll take care of it,” he said. “No need to trouble yourself.”
She gave him a hard look.
“Or I could just be grateful for your attention,” he amended.
The corners of her mouth edged upward with amusement.
“Much better,” she complimented him. “You’re learning.”
She retrieved some paper towels and then a dish towel filled with ice and asked him to hold it to his forehead.
“Medical supplies are in the bathroom cabinet,” he said, starting to rise from his spot on the couch.
She stayed him by pointing her finger at him.
He sat back down.
“Smart man,” she said.
She already knew very well what he needed, but it required discretion.
Out of curiosity, she rummaged through his bathroom cabinet, only to find a bottle of antiseptic that was badly out of date.
She shook her head.
Men. Where would they be without us women?
She emptied the old antiseptic into the sink and sat the bottle aside.
Then she gathered saliva onto a paper towel and returned to where he sat on the couch.
He removed the ice pack and she pressed the paper towel to his wound.
Within seconds, he felt a strange tingling sensation on his forehead, followed by a sense of numbness.
A flash from somewhere in the back of his mind erupted to the forefront of his awareness, jolting him where he sat.
He saw a spontaneous image of bright green eyes before him and felt an intense sense of pain in his arm, though the memory felt detached; lacking a specific point of reference.
…some angel magic...
It was a woman’s voice, but it was lofty and distant and not one that seemed familiar to him.
“Caleb?” she asked.
He shivered as he struggled to place the memory, which faded by the second.
Then it was gone as quickly as it surfaced.
“Caleb, what’s the matter?”
“I don’t know,” he said. “Something…a memory. There was pain. It was unsettling and yet—“
“Yes?” she insisted. “What memory?”
“Like I—felt this before,” he said fleetingly, reaching up to where she held the paper towel to his forehead.
A cold feeling formed in the pit of her stomach.
Was his memory block finally breaking down?
Would she know how to handle him if it was?
“It’s okay, Caleb,” she reassured him. “It’s just antiseptic.”
He closed his eyes tightly, but couldn’t summon the vision again.
It felt elusive, almost as if it had never even been there.
Whatever it was, it was unnerving; like his mind had unraveled before him and then hidden part of itself away again.
It left an ominous feeling in its wake, and yet, he didn’t know why.
He wondered if he might be going crazy or something.
She removed the paper towel, satisfied that the wound was already closing.
“There, it was nothing at all,” she said. “The bleeding has stopped already.”
He reached up to touch it.
“No, not yet,” she said, catching his wrist.
He stared into her eyes. “Green eyes.”
They were familiar looking eyes.
“What about them?” she asked. “Don’t tell me you just now noticed.”
“What? Of course not,” he said. “They were remarkable since the first time I saw you. You have beautiful eyes.”
He tried freeing his wrist from her grip, but she held it in check.
He was surprised by her strength.
“I’m not finished with you yet,” she said softly.
Her lips sought his as she lay atop him, pressing him down further into the cushions.
His body responded immediately to her, and she used her free hand to unbuckle his belt.
He reached down and fumbled to unbutton her jeans.
“There’s that enthusiasm again,” she said between kisses.
He started to say something but she bit his bottom lip and held it between her teeth.
She let go long enough to say, “No talking required, so mind your tongue. I have better uses for it.”
He was only too happy to oblige her.


* * * * * * *


Chapter 7: Revelation


Their bodies were intertwined as they lay atop the covers.
Each appreciated that their relationship had evolved even further.
He was completely smitten with her, and she felt wholly enamored with him.
However, with her sexual craving satisfied, another was slowly building to take its place.
His fingers lightly stroked her skin, sending ribbons of pleasurable chills throughout her body.
She murmured with satisfaction and kissed him on the chest.
In turn, he breathed in, appreciating the sweet fragrance of her perfume.
“You smell wonderful.”
“Cherry blossoms,” she said. “My favorite.”
“Mm, mine too now,” he agreed.
She lightly patted his chest with her palm.
Lying in bliss beside her, his mind wandered, reflecting on earlier events that evening.
“You know, you were like a furious angel barreling through my front door,” he said. “Like someone out of a fairy tale.”
She propped herself up on one elbow and gazed down upon him.
“Really? A fairy tale?” she asked. “You need to know, I’m less Snow White and more the Evil Queen.”
His eyes widened.
“Evil? Hardly,” he said.
She kissed him. “It’s really a matter of perspective,” she said. “It depends upon who’s viewing me at the time, doesn’t it?”
As he pondered that, she listened to his strong pulse and the sound of blood rushing through his arteries, causing her mouth to water.
Warning bells went off in her head.
“Now,” she said, rolling out of bed. “Let’s have a hot shower and then I have to return home.”
He glanced at his clock. “No. So soon? Consider staying and we can have breakfast together in the morning.”
“I’d like that,” she assured him. “But unfortunately, I must go. I have a long day lined up.”
A day of hiding from sunlight and trying to be as productive as possible.
He appeared disappointed.
She knew it was only a matter of time before complications surrounding daytime arose between them; followed closely by difficult questions requiring delicate answers.
“No pouting,” she playfully admonished. “I won’t tolerate it.”
He crawled to the edge of the bed, reached out to take her by the hand, and softly kissed her palm.
“Please?” he pleaded.
She gazed down into the face of a handsome angel, and her heart practically melted.
He had a face – and a body – that she could easily enjoy on a daily basis.
Alas, she wasn’t able to indulge him at the moment.
She perched her free hand atop her bare hip and arched an eyebrow at him.
He found her ravishing as her red hair cascaded around her shoulders.
“And no begging,” she said slyly. “When I want begging, I’ll ask for it.”
He grinned. Oh, you can be evil, can’t you?
He relented and followed her into the bathroom.

*  *  *

Caleb and Katrina continued dating throughout the remainder of October and into mid-November, growing closer with each passing day.
And to Caleb’s satisfaction, the mystery that was Katrina slowly began to yield answers.
“Both of my parents were wonderful, but they both died many years ago,” Katrina told Caleb on one occasion. “And I don’t have any siblings. Like you, I have a relatively shallow family tree.”
“I’m a very private person, Caleb,” she told him over dinner another evening. “I don’t crave the limelight; anonymity suits me.”
While on an evening stroll together, she said, “I feel that I could confide in you with all my secrets.”
“Absolutely. I’d never betray your trust or confidence,” he assured her.
Their chemistry as a couple continued to strengthen, as well.
For Halloween, they had attended a costume party together at the home of one of Caleb’s fellow professors, Dr. Tanisha Browning.
He dressed as a classic Italian gangster and she accompanied him as his mob boss, complete with a sexy pinstripe suit and stilettos.
Caleb was slightly unnerved how comfortable she seemed in the role.
He also noted how she was a big hit – no pun intended – with the other attendees.
“Is she your main squeeze?” one fellow professor asked Caleb.
“No,” Katrina interrupted. “He’s my squeeze.”
“Of course, there weren’t actually any women mob bosses,” the professor said.
“Oh, really?” Katrina challenged. “What about Pupetta Maresca, Maria Serraino, or Rosetta Cutolo?”
The man was left speechless, and his wife nudged him meaningfully in the ribs.
“Someone needs to brush up on their history,” she said, wagging her forefinger at him.
Caleb politely offered Katrina a fresh glass of wine.
“Thank you, my dear squeeze,” she teased in a sultry voice while accepting the proffered glass.
He grinned from ear to ear.
She adored his reaction.
However, one of the most sensitive questions was presented to her completely out of the blue one night as Katrina prepared to leave his apartment.
“Why can’t we ever do anything during the day?” Caleb asked. “I thought you’re not working right now, so what about us taking a trip out of town together?”
She looked upon his innocent features, completely devoid of guile or deceit.
I knew this moment would come.
For her, it was the dreaded moment for truth.
Trust came hard for her, particularly after so many betrayals in her past.
But she deeply cared about Caleb, and he deserved the truth.
“Well, tomorrow’s your teaching night, so what are you doing this Friday?” she asked.
“No plans. But what does that have to do with—”
“Come to my place Friday night at seven o’clock,” she said. “We have much to discuss. Then I think you’ll understand everything.”
He was somewhat aggravated over her request.
“Fine,” he conceded. “Could you at least tell me why I have to wait until Friday?”
She understood his curiosity, but she needed time to successfully prepare for their conversation.
How could she explain to him that, in her experience, selecting just the right phrasing was critical to his understanding?
She reached out and enfolded him in a tight hug. “Please, you’ll just have to trust me, Caleb. I’ll explain everything on Friday. Can you grant me that?”
He squeezed her in his arms. “All right. Friday night then.”
“Thank you,” she offered. “Your patience means the world to me.”
He kissed her.
“Patience isn’t always my strongest suit,” he said.
“Oh, I know,” she agreed. “Consider, for example, all your fumbling to remove my bras. You’re all thumbs.”
He groaned. “You know, I care about you so very much, but you can be really odd sometimes,” he said.
She realized the truth about her was also going to sound odd to him, and she desperately hoped he was up to it.

*  *  *

It was a beautiful mid-November evening at the exclusive Pine Valley addition where Katrina’s estate home was located.
Located just west of Atlanta within the suburb of Mableton in Cobb County, Georgia, Pine Valley was both scenic and secluded; a preferable combination for a privacy-loving vampire like Katrina.
The first time Caleb saw her home, it took his breath away.
Situated in the middle of a five-acre plot and skirted by wrought iron fencing and a security gate at the driveway, the two-story house contained over six thousand square feet of living space on the first and second floors and sported an expansive four-car attached garage.
He loved her place.
She was already waiting for him in the driveway when he pulled up in his car.
They walked arm in arm together beneath a starry and moonlit sky to the adjacent park-like area skirting her property.
A small wrought iron gate opened near a concrete walkway that wound its way throughout the park area proper. Rustic looking black metal lampposts and wrought iron park benches appeared periodically along the pathway.
Manicured trees and shrubbery completed the scenic oasis, all for the pleasure of Pine Valley addition residents. Caleb, for one, appreciated that they appeared to be the sole benefactors of such grandeur on that cool evening.
“This is absolutely beautiful,” he said.
“Yes, it’s my favorite thing about the addition,” she said. “It will look even better once they finish construction on it.”
“What’s left to do?”
“More landscaping and fencing,” she replied. “Particularly along a nearby ravine. It’s terribly uneven ground through a lot of the addition.”
“Still, it’s safer than my college parking lot,” he quipped.
That amused her. “For you, that’s probably true.”
A northerly breeze picked up, prompting Caleb to zip up his jacket.
He noticed that Katrina’s leather jacket was completely unzipped.
“Aren’t you chilled?” he asked.
Most women he knew caught a chill at the drop of a hat.
“No,” she replied. “You’ll find that I’m surprisingly cold tolerant.”
Yet another curious aspect that set Katrina off from the other women he’d known. He had never met anyone else like her before.
However, rather than being off-putting, he was completely smitten with the wholly different kind of woman that she was.
 “Here, let’s sit down,” she suggested, taking him by the hand and leading him toward the nearest park bench.
They perched on the edge of the seat and faced each other.
She reached out to take his right hand between both of hers, appreciating how soft and warm his skin felt. He had the hands of an artist and academic; the classic gentle soul.
It made her feel happy just being around him.
“Caleb, I think honesty is critical for couples,” she began, her green eyes catching his pale blue ones intently.
“I agree,” he said.
“It’s important that we can confide our deepest hopes and secrets with each other,” she continued. “I feel that you’re someone I can do that with.”
“Me, too,” he said.
She had rehearsed things in her mind for hours before he arrived. Yet, suddenly she felt nervous and uncertain.
Better just to get everything out in the open and then deal with whatever remains.
“Relationships are difficult for me,” she said. “For one, people have a hard time accepting me as I am.
“You see, I’m not like most people you know,” she continued. 
He arched his eyebrows. “In what way, exactly?”
She immediately grasped that things weren’t proceeding as she’d planned. It was apparent that, given her tentative approach, he was becoming confused.
For one, she felt the palm of his hand already starting to perspire a little.
She was normally so in control of her situations, particularly in dealing with people, that she was quickly growing frustrated with herself.
Focus!
She gathered her composure before continuing.
“Well, for example, I’m not a day person at all,” she said. “You might say that my sunrise begins at sunset.”
“So, you’re a day sleeper?” he asked. “Insomniac?”
“Not really, though I am up most nights,” she conceded. “My body doesn’t need that much sleep.”
“Enviable, to say the least,” he said.
“The fact of the matter is, I can’t actually be in sunlight,” she said. “Ever.”
His eyes widened as he processed what she had said.
Okay, so she has some kind of disease that prevents her from being in sunshine.
“I think I saw something about that on the Science Channel about a year ago,” he offered encouragingly. “It’s not as uncommon as you might think, really. But now I understand why we don’t ever go out during the day.”
Katrina arched one eyebrow. “No, that’s not it. You don’t understand,” she corrected him. “Those people have a disease. I don’t have a disease. It just hurts my body to be around strong ultraviolet radiation. In fact, it could kill me.”
“Um, okay,” he said with a perplexed expression.
That sounded almost outlandish to him.
“It’s the result of a genetic mutation,” she explained.
“Like a medical treatment gone wrong?” he inquired.
“No, it wasn’t a medical treatment. It’s—”
“Government experiment?” he interrupted.
She frowned at him. “No, Caleb, this has nothing to do with the government.”
Her kind definitely tried to keep governments from being involved, which would likely be disastrous, at best.
His mind was operating at full tilt, trying to make sense of what she was telling him. Unfortunately, a growing sense of disbelief permeated his thoughts, and he began wondering about Katrina’s state of mind.
“Okay, then,” he conceded politely. “Anything else?”
She thought that he was taking everything awfully well thus far.
Too well.
“I don’t like to eat most normal human foods,” she carefully added.
He visibly winced. What the hell? What does she mean by “normal human foods?”
It was quickly turning into a conversation from hell for him.
Then he recalled that she did normally order salads when we they went out to eat. “So, you’re a vegan?” he asked hopefully as he started to pull his hand from between hers.
Uh-oh, she thought as she allowed him to withdraw his hand.
“Sort of. However, I’m what society would best describe as a vampire,” she said.
Caleb actually laughed out loud once, then felt suddenly ashamed of himself and quickly clasped one hand quickly over his mouth.
“I’m so sorry,” he apologized. “You just sounded so...”
“Serious?”
“Um, no,” he corrected without actually using the word “crazy.”
“I’m quite serious,” she insisted.
“It’s just that vampires aren’t real, Katrina,” he said. “I mean, I love vampire movies as much as the next guy, and I know there’s some crazies out there who actually want to believe in them, but--”
His tone sounded somewhat condescending, and she resented his speaking to her like some superstitious child.
“Oh, but we are real, Caleb,” she assured him as her eyes glowed green for a split second.
He jolted slightly in surprise.
Something from the dark recesses of his mind stirred for just a split second, and it sent a chill down his spine.
Then it was gone again, like some fleeting flash from the past; just as had happened at his apartment that night that Melanie and Greg came over.
However, in its wake, he felt unsettled – somewhat unnerved – both by what Katrina had told him and an ominous feeling hovering out on the periphery of his memory; something harsh and dangerous that threatened to surface again.
It gave him a queasy feeling deep in the pit of his stomach.
She observed his reaction with concern. “Caleb, are you okay?”
He stood up. “I’m sorry. I need to go.”
“Wait,” she said, reaching out for his hand. “We should talk about this.”
“No!” he retorted, jerking his hand free. “I need to leave.”
His mouth went dry all of a sudden as his mind raced to determine how to exit the park area.
Anxious to leave, he merely started walking.
Katrina stood and started walking after him. “Caleb, that’s the wrong direction.”
She sped ahead of him and grasped him by the shoulders. “What’s the matter?”
His eyes widened with surprise and he knocked her grip loose by knocking both of his arms against hers. “Let go of me!”
What’s gotten into him?
Her green eyes flashed with heated emotion, boring into his with a fiery intensity.
Within seconds of focusing on her eyes, a massive flashback blocked out his vision entirely.
Intense pain erupted through his head, nearly sending him to his knees, even as two green orbs flashed before him like headlights bearing down upon him.
Something alien screamed inside of him that Katrina’s eyes and the ones from deep in his memory had to be one in the same!
Fear and death.
Wave after wave of those two intense emotions assailed against and through him, washing over any logical thought.
He was shaking – uncontrollably shivering – with fear.
Katrina wasn’t sure what was happening to him, but he appeared to be experiencing some sort of seizure.
Abruptly, he turned and fled across the grass and into a cluster of interspersed trees.
“Caleb!” she yelled.
Terror gripped his mind in its cold clutches, driving him forward as fast as his legs could carry him.
He picked up speed and dashed through the trees, trying to elude the faceless threat that his mind had contrived.
Katrina cautiously pursued him as her mind raced for an explanation for what was happening to him.
She got her bearings and immediately recognized what lay ahead of him.
“Caleb, stop! There’s a ravine!” she yelled.


* * * * * * *


Chapter 8: Reflection


Caleb blindly and unwittingly sprinted toward a forty-foot precipice located just beyond the trees that he ran in and around. 
Katrina accelerated after him in a burst of speed that no human could possibly match.
As he passed the few remaining trees, the ground became soft, almost sandy.
Then there was emptiness beneath his right foot and he fell forward into open space.
I’m falling!
His left leg was caught in what felt like a steel vice, pivoting his body’s momentum back in the direction he had been running from.
His body spun around in a counterclockwise direction before landing hard onto the ground, nearly knocking the breath from his lungs.
He felt badly disoriented as he struggled to breathe.
“Caleb!” Katrina exclaimed as adrenaline coursed through her body.
She had barely managed to get to him in time.
He stared up at her in disbelief that bordered on hysterics.
Her eyes appeared as fiery green orbs, and he saw what looked like a set of fangs protruding downward out of her mouth.
Terrified, he launched himself up from the ground, grasping at a short length of dead tree branch which he clutched in his hands like a bat.
His former feelings of death and dread resurfaced with a vengeance, reigniting fear and an unmistakable adrenaline rush.
Pain supplanted the adrenaline, sending a shockwave through his head.
“Stop it!” he yelled, pressing one hand to his temple. “Make it stop!”
“Caleb?” she asked, bewildered over what was happening to him.
It was obvious to her that he wasn’t a man in his right mind.
He darted back toward the park, but she dodged forward to intercept him.
He desperately swung the short limb at her and it whooshed through the air with a vengeance.
She hissed and held up her left arm to counter his right-handed swing.
The branch harmlessly broke in two.
The shock from the branch’s impact reverberated through Caleb’s hand and up his arm.
She twisted her arm to grasp the remainder of the limb and pulled him toward her with a single, swift jerking motion.
Her eyes were ablaze with a green glow as she stripped the branch from his hand and cast it aside.
“I swear, slugger, if you try to hit me again,” she warned.
His eyes went wide as he focused on her standing before him.
She was feral-looking with her pulsating eyes and extended fangs.
Though fear flooded through him, he felt growing numbness in his mind. At least the intense pain had subsided for the moment.
“Don’t kill me!” he pleaded.
“Calm down!” she ordered, swinging him around and pinning his arms behind him.
Then she effortlessly forced him to his knees before her and walked around to face him.
She squatted down before him.
“Caleb, please, I’m not going to hurt you,” she insisted, though she was pissed that he had swung a chunk of wood at her.
It seemed so out of character for him.
In fact, it unnerved her; he was probably the least violent man she had ever known.
And yet, his eyes appeared almost feral to her. She definitely was at a loss to understand what had happened.
However, she realized that her fangs were extended and she immediately retracted them.
Okay, so maybe that had something to do with it.
He started to stand up, but she pushed him backward with one hand, causing him to fall back butt-first onto the ground.
“Stay put,” she ordered.
He was shaking like a leaf in a storm and appeared to be going into shock right before her eyes.
He sat silently, pulling his knees up to his chest and hugging them with his arms.
That worried her, too.
Minutes passed where neither of them said anything; the only noise was from the cool wind rustling through the surrounding pine trees.
“I’m moving to your side, but I’m not going to harm you,” she said soothingly.
He wasn’t shaking as badly as before, and he didn’t move an inch as she slowly sat on the ground beside him.
His mind still felt numb but at least the phantom swells of fear and ominousness that had permeated his mind had faded.
Although he still felt confused, both unable to understand what had happened and unable to comprehend what sort of being Katrina really was.
The word vampire surfaced in his mind, as if from a previous dream.
He was having difficulty trying to separate the real from imagined.
She placed her arm across his shoulders and pulled him close to her. “I may have handled tonight rather poorly,” she whispered.
In fact, she wished that she could start the whole evening over again.
However, she wondered if anything she did differently would have changed his disturbing reaction. 
What happened to him?
He gratefully welcomed the soothing warmth from her body as it penetrated through his jacket.
They sat together in the cool silence for a time; her hugging him closely against her and him trying to regain his wits.
Eventually, he stopped shaking and she heard his heartbeat normalize somewhat.
“Did I really hit you with something?” he asked.
“Yes, you most certainly did,” she replied.
He felt a flood of embarrassment and self-loathing wash over him. “Shit. I’m so sorry,” he whispered. “I’m so very sorry.”
She was happy that at least he was finally speaking in a somewhat rational manner.
“Well, that’s a start,” she said.
“You okay?” he asked. “Are you hurt?”
She almost laughed. “Hardly.”
“Oh,” he said. “Good.”
The silence drew out between them again.
“I’m really so sorry,” he said again.
“I know, but just drop that for now,” she said.
“Okay,” he said. “Got it.”
She heard his pulse elevate considerably again.
“Be calm,” she said. “Don’t focus on that now. Talk about something else.”
“You’re really a vampire?” he asked.
She hugged him again. “Yes, Caleb,” she confirmed. “I’m really a vampire.”
Just the concept of that was more than his mind was able to process at that moment.
“I don’t know what to say,” he said. “That doesn’t even seem possible.”
“Yeah, that’s the idea,” she said. “That’s what keeps us safe.”
His mind was a flurry of thoughts all at once.
“What happens now?” he asked.
She felt his muscles tense so hard that she thought he might hurt himself.
“Listen to me,” she said. “I wasn’t intending to hurt you, Caleb. I was trying to confide my trust in you tonight, nothing more, and certainly nothing harmful.”
“What did you do to me?” he asked. “What happened to me?”
She looked him in the eyes curiously. “Caleb, I didn’t do anything to you,” she insisted. “Something happened inside of you, and I don’t know what or why.”
Then her breath caught in her throat as she accepted some responsibility on her part for what had happened.
After all, she had done something to him; many years ago when he was just a boy.
The memory block.
She was afraid that perhaps what happened with him that evening was, indeed, partly her doing.
Oh, hell.
She hugged him to her, wishing that she could make everything okay.
“I need to get you back home,” she resolved.
“Home?”
The hopeful tone in his voice almost made her sad.
He was still thinking I might harm him.
She didn’t ever want to harm him.
“Yes, back to your apartment. But you have to promise to keep my secret about being a vampire,” she said. “It’s very important that you don’t tell anyone. Do you understand? And don’t lie to me, Caleb, because I can tell if you do.”
Despite the evening’s drama, his confidence and discretion was something she had to insist upon before she could let him out of her sight.
He was silent for only a moment. “I promise, I won’t tell anyone. Ever.”
She detected pure sincerity from him. “Good,” she said. “Now, let’s see if we can get you back to your place...safely and intact.”
They rose and slowly walked back to her driveway.
As they stood beside his car, she noticed his hand shaking as he withdrew his keys from his pocket, and they jingled as he handled them.
He’s scared.
As he withdrew the key from the door lock, the ring of keys slipped from his grasp.
Katrina darted forward, catching them before they made it halfway to the ground.
He gasped as her pale hand hovered before him.
“That’s it. I’m driving you home,” she insisted as she palmed the keys.
He silently held the driver’s side door open for her.
She appreciated his chivalrous gesture, particularly given his mild state of shock.
Of course, he did strike at me with a branch earlier.
He closed the door and walked around to the passenger side. “A vampire’s actually taking me home,” he muttered.
“Seat belt,” she instructed when he sat down. “And yes, one is.”
He looked at her with a surprised expression.
“Excellent hearing,” she said, pointing her index finger to her ear.
He was dumbfounded; no longer sure he knew anything real about the woman beside him.
She’s a vampire.
After a brief silent drive to his apartment building, she parked his car in the underground garage in a well-lit spot near the elevator.
She handed the keys to him and exited the vehicle. “Good night, Caleb,” she said.
As she walked away, he fumbled with his seatbelt and hurried to stand up.
“Wait,” he said. “Uh, I can call for a taxi. It’s safer.”
She chuckled. “Oh, you’re priceless when you’re in shock, aren’t you?”
He appeared confused.
“I’m fine. It’s a nice night for a walk,” she assured him. “Now, go upstairs, take a hot shower, and go to sleep. Don’t forget to honor your part of our agreement.”
“Absolutely,” he assured her.
She turned to walk away and heard the sound of him activating his car alarm.
Then she stopped and turned back toward him. “Oh, and Caleb,” she called.
He looked at her with an ashen expression.
“No more branches,” she warned flatly.
He looked down at his feet. “Shit.”
A renewed wave of shame washed over him.
To his credit, he looked up again to meet her gaze. “No…never. I’m so sorry.”
She gave him a hard look and turned to leave.

*  *  *

After Katrina exited at the street level, she decided to look in on him from his fire escape, if only to see what he did next.
Fortunately, he had left the blinds on his living room turned up and slightly open.
After a few minutes, he entered his apartment and set the deadbolt on his door.
Then he leaned back against the front door and rubbed his forehead with one hand.
She assessed his condition with a single look. He looks exhausted; positively wrung out.
He tossed his keys onto the kitchen counter and sagged onto one of his bar stools.
Minutes later, he walked into the living room and plopped onto the edge of his couch, staring down at the floor as if he was in a trance.
She lamented the uncertainty of what the future would bring between them, much less for his emotional state.
In addition, she felt a degree of guilt over his reaction; surely, it had something to do with his memory block, or some failing of it.
As she reflected on what had transpired between them that night, she realized something very profound; she not only cared deeply for him…she was falling in love with him.
It wasn’t that he had saved her life as a child; that had long since been relegated to the past. That version of him had nothing to do with the man who she was captivated with at present.
Despite the evening’s dire events, Caleb remained a companion she wanted to have in her life on a continual basis.
Everyone has issues, right?
Vampires being with humans…it can’t be easy for anyone.
The problem was that it had never worked successfully between her and other humans in the past.
Not in the end.
Bitter failures; every one of them.
A small surge of hope swelled inside her as she looked up at the array of stars in the night sky above.
Why couldn’t he be the one that does work?
Of course, upon reflection, the evening’s events didn’t bode well for that.
Following a final look in on him, she jumped over the railing to the concrete below.
“Nights like this are precisely why I’ve stayed single for so long,” she muttered as she made her way down the alley.


* * * * * * *


Chapter 9: Not Quite Strangers


Caleb saw green eyes blazing in the darkness of his dreams before he lurched awake on his couch Saturday morning.
His heartbeat pounded in his chest and he struggled to catch his breath as he wildly scanned the room around him.
Rays of sunshine cast comforting beams of light through the living room blinds.
Then a flood of thoughts and emotions screamed through his mind all at once.
Katrina’s a vampire!
He had trouble associating that thought with any plausible reality.
And yet, despite the dreamlike quality, he was relatively certain that the previous night’s events had actually occurred.
Images from every vampire horror film or novel he’d ever seen or heard of were simultaneously conjured from his memory.
A litany of popular vampire attributes registered in his mind: pasty skin, fast movements, incredible strength, sharp fangs, vicious bites to a victim’s neck, fear of wooden stakes, aversion to garlic, no reflections in mirrors, transforming into leathery flying bats.
The embodiment of the eternal living dead!
That thought freaked Caleb out more than anything else.
Katrina’s the reanimated dead?
He reflected upon things she had told him the previous night in the park.
My body doesn’t need that much sleep.
I can’t actually be in sunlight...ever.
...hurts my body to be around strong ultraviolet radiation.
...the result of a genetic mutation.
I don’t like to eat most normal human foods.
She had moved like lightning on a couple of occasions, as well.
Nobody moves that fast!
“Holy crap,” he muttered.
Rising from the couch, he stretched his sore body, noticing that his shoulders still ached from where she had pinned his arms behind his back.
A sole memory stilled him in shock. 
Oh, God…I hit her with a tree limb last night!
A sickening queasiness ran though him all the way to the pit of his stomach.
He had never raised his hand against anybody in anger before, much less a woman.
Hell, my own father used to beat on me, and I swore I would never do that to anyone.
So, what got into me last night?
But it hadn’t been in anger; he was terrified, like nothing before.
Except the fear of my father.
He shivered at recollection of the beatings he and his mother had suffered.
Then a vision hit him like a hammer to an anvil – Katrina’s green eyes.
Those piercing, illuminated eyes had seemed like tiny orbs cutting right into his brain.
The mere recollection made his pulse race.
Why did that seem so familiar to me?
That’s where the terror had started: her penetrating eyes.
It struck a chord somewhere in the back of his mind; some terrible, hidden secret deep in his memory that refused to give itself up to him.
But what…and why?
His thoughts were interrupted by his mobile phone vibrating on the end table.
He picked it up and noticed a text message from Katrina.
R U OK? I’m worried for U.
His breath caught in his throat and his mouth felt dry.
Her image appeared on his phone; her gentle face and beautiful smile.
He adored her; her laugh, kind nature, and the way she stirred a warm feeling in his heart.
A day or more ago, he had really been falling for her.
So, what changed?
She’s a vampire.
But wasn’t she still the woman that I’ve been smitten with?
“Crap,” he muttered wearily, deciding that she at least deserved a reply of some kind.
He carefully typed out his reply. Not sure. Confused.
Her reply seemed almost immediate. Take time to think. Call me. I care about U.
She was a super-fast texter.
OK, he replied.
He started to set his phone down, but another message arrived.
No need to fear. Worried about you.
He placed his phone on the end table.
And for some reason, as he contemplated her last message, Ivy’s “Worry about You” played in his mind.
Realizing that he was still wearing the previous day’s clothes, he sought the soothing refuge of a hot shower.

*  *  *

Katrina sprawled across her large, four-poster bed as she texted Caleb.
While his replies to her messages were brief, at best, she anticipated that he might still be in shock following Friday night’s events.
She missed him and was very concerned for his well-being.
Moreover, she wanted to see him.
And yet, she recognized that he probably needed time to metabolize everything.
She hoped he would be okay in the end; maybe even come to accept what she was.
However, the vision of the horror in his eyes before he turned to flee from her had been striking.
She readily recognized a look of terror, and his was textbook.
Then it was as if his mind had suddenly snapped or something.
A feeling of worry mixed with dread permeated her.
What if he won’t see me again?
An even darker thought crossed her mind.
What if he’s too scared of me now?
And for the first time in a long, long time, a tear formed in the corner of her eye.

*  *  *

Caleb spent the entire weekend trying to come to terms with his experience with Katrina.
At times, he tried escapism; burying himself in the benign by watching endless hours of cable television or streaming media over the Internet.
Other times, he sat silently on his couch, or lay on his bed, mulling over the logic of what she had declared herself to be. What she told him challenged his lifelong beliefs of reality versus fantasy; the ordinary and the outlandish.
He was only moderately successful on either front because he couldn’t separate his feelings for her enough to be either wholly analytical or blatantly dismissive.
Of course, even if he could separate his feelings for Katrina from the equation, would he even want to?
No matter her revelations, he still cared about her; was still drawn to her in ways he hadn’t felt with any other woman before.
Another, more disturbing, thought occurred to him.
Aside from Katrina, what other unimaginable beings or creatures were actually lurking out in the real world?
Was the real world actually as real as he suspected, or had he been living with blinders on his entire life?
It was small satisfaction to him that the vast majority of the sane world was probably under the same false impressions as him.
However, in the end, the blinders had been stripped from his sense of reality, and such knowledge couldn’t simply be unlearned to seek his formerly blissful ignorance.
Denial wasn’t an option.
Nevertheless, he remained standoffish about Katrina.
He wasn’t precisely sure what to do, so he remained off her radar and tried to seek comfort in the ordinary, such as the work week and teaching; something he felt innately accomplished and comfortable confronting.

*  *  *

Katrina was very disappointed that Caleb hadn’t tried contacting her all weekend.
Not even a single text message.
By the time Tuesday evening approached, she was losing hope.
It made her feel quite saddened over the situation.
She adored Caleb, but she was afraid that she might have lost him forever.
By Tuesday evening, she had had enough of waiting and decided to check in on him.
She quietly ascended his fire escape and peered into his living room.
If it weren’t so darned convenient for her, she’d warn him about leaving his blinds ajar.
Ironic. I’d be warning him about people like me invading his privacy.
Caleb had fallen asleep on his couch; his head lolled back against the cushion with an open book in his lap.
 She found him innocently enticing as he slept with his mouth hanging partially open, and she stifled a laugh.
It helped soften her melancholy mood.
She lingered for a short time watching him sleep before deciding it was time to go.
At least he appeared to be okay, which was more than she could say for herself.
“Goodnight, Caleb,” she whispered as she blew him a kiss across the distance between them.

*  *  *

By Wednesday, Caleb was seriously missing Katrina, no matter whether she was a vampire or not.
During his lunch break, he texted Katrina. Available for quick phone chat?
His mobile phone rang immediately.
“Caleb?” asked Katrina in a soft voice.
He was so happy just to hear her voice again.
“Hi, Katrina,” he said. “Thanks for calling. I’m, uh, sorry it’s been—“
“No, it’s perfectly okay,” she interrupted.
“Really?”
“Of course, Caleb,” she said. “Silly boy.”
He was very pleased that she sounded so upbeat; so much like herself.
“I’ve been doing a lot of thinking the past few days, and I…”
“Yes?” she asked.
“Are you available for us to chat?” 
“Of course, Caleb,” she replied, relief evident in her voice. “I’ve been hoping you’d call.”
“So, how’s your schedule look?”
“You mean for tonight, for example?” she asked.
“Uh, no. How about tomorrow instead?” he clarified.
She paused. “Day or night?”
He hadn’t expected that. “You can do daytime?”
“Daytime is possible,” she replied. “I’ll do it, especially if it makes you feel more comfortable.”
While tempting, he didn’t want to seem insulting to insist on a daytime meeting. He respected her too much to do that, though it was kind that she was willing to accommodate him.
“Evening’s just fine, actually,” he said.
“Are you sure?” she asked softly.
He wanted to see her so badly, no matter if she wasn’t human.
“Absolutely,” he said. “Sunset sound okay?”
She chuckled. “My favorite time, Caleb.”
He hung up the phone and couldn’t wait to see her.
By Thursday afternoon, his sense of anticipation felt nearly overwhelming.
The shadows at sunset quickly turned to darkness by the time he arrived at the Pine Valley addition, giving the area an ominous aura.
However, once he arrived at Katrina’s driveway, he was caught totally by surprise.
The entire area was bathed in light; it looked as if every exterior light at her estate had been turned on.
As he walked up to her front door, he noticed that light emanated from every window around the estate.
He felt a knot of tension in his stomach as he pressed her doorbell.
The front door opened upon a tall, beautiful angel bathed in bright lighting; her red hair pulled back into a ponytail.
“Hi,” he said, holding out a half dozen red roses wrapped in tissue paper.
“Hi, and thank you,” she replied, taking the flowers and smelling them.
They tentatively stared at each other.
Caleb smiled.
Katrina grinned.
“Can the Evil Queen come out to play?” he asked.
“She’s never evil for you,” she replied. “Actually, she’s embracing the light tonight.”
It certainly appeared to be very bright inside the house.
“Yeah, I kinda’ noticed that,” he said.
“Things were really dark the last time we saw each other,” she said. “So, I wanted you to feel comfortable.”
“That’s really kind.”
If he had any lingering doubts about Katrina’s intentions toward him, they evaporated almost entirely.
“Would you like to come in?”
She opened the front door wide and stepped back to give him lots of space to step past her.
He couldn’t help feeling that she was doing her best not to touch him.
It made him feel bad.
As he walked past her, he reached up and lightly brushed his fingers against her hand as she gripped the front door.
Her eyes locked onto his as he passed by, and she gave him a wan smile.
He walked into the front living room, which was lit up practically like artificial daylight.
“Wow, you’ve got an awful lot of lights in here.”
She sat on one end of the couch. “Please, have a seat. Can I get you something to drink? Coca-Cola, maybe?”
“Coke? Um, no thanks,” he said. “I’m fine.”
After discarding the idea of sitting in a chair across the room, he walked over to the couch and sat on the opposite end from her.
An awkward silence grew between them.
She looked at the flowers she was holding. “The roses are beautiful, Caleb. I’ll just go put these in some water.”
He watched her leave and in a few minutes heard water running.
He got up and went into the kitchen and leaned against the door jamb, watching her arrange the roses in a vase.
Every room or hallway within view appeared to be fully illuminated.
“Did you turn on all the lights in the house?”
“I was attempting to reassure you,” she said.
He closely observed her, perplexed over how normal she appeared.
“I’ve missed you, you know,” she said.
“I missed you, too, Katrina.”
She placed the vase of roses on the kitchen island counter.
“Thank you for saving me – or sparing me – the other night,” he said. “Though I suppose the park isn’t necessarily ‘Caleb-safe’ just yet.”
She found his awkward manner amusing.
“You’re welcome,” she said. “Oh, I emailed the neighborhood association and suggested that a guard fence should be installed soon. Children could easily get hurt by falling over that precipice.”
“Well, adults, too.”
“Of course, fleeing blindly into dark, foreign areas could be dangerous for anyone,” she suggested with a slight edge to her voice.
He winced. “I suppose I deserved that. But, in all fairness, I was – I don’t know – terrified.”
“Of me?”
He stared into her eyes; the eyes of the woman – the vampire? – who he’d fallen for.
“Come,” she beckoned. “Let’s go back and sit on the couch together.”
They returned to the front living room and resumed their places on opposite ends of the couch.
“Caleb, what happened to you last Friday night?” she asked.
“Something snapped in my head,” he said. “I don’t know. I think it was when your eyes turned green or something. I felt so afraid, like I needed to get away or escape or something.
“I ran as fast as I could,” he continued. “And the pain…my head was filled with unbearable pain. There were images, too, but I don’t remember them now. But it was like I’d seen those things before…but that can’t be right, either. A lot of it’s still pretty fuzzy. I felt like I was going crazy, really.”
She felt so badly about what he had experienced, though she still didn’t understand it.
She also wanted to move closer to him and comfort him, but she didn’t want to frighten him again, either.
“I’m sorry about what happened to you,” she said. “And I wish I could offer some helpful insight, but I don’t understand it myself.”
“Me, either, really”.
“But, Caleb, there’s something else that’s bothered me,” she admitted. “Why haven’t you tried calling me, or even just texting, until yesterday?”
His throat suddenly felt dry and hoarse. “I, uh,” he stammered. “I was too ashamed…and maybe still unnerved.”
“Ashamed?”
“You know,” he replied, feeling his face flush. “I did take a swing at you with a tree branch. That’s got to be a deal-breaker in any dating handbook.”
She arched an eyebrow at him. “Ah, yes. How could I forget the tree branch? And you didn’t just swing at me…you hit me.”
He looked down at the floor and then stared out the open window looking out upon her front lawn and driveway.
She picked up a small pillow next to her and tossed it at him.
It hit him in the head and bounced onto the floor.
“Hey!”
He looked up at her.
“How did that feel?” she asked. “Did I hurt you?”
“Hurt? No, of course not,” he said. “You just surprised me, that’s all.”
The sides of her mouth edged upward. “I see. Well, that’s how I interpreted your tree branch impact, too.”
His eyes widened. “You mean, it didn’t—“
“Hurt me?” she asked. “Hardly, Caleb. I barely felt it. You just surprised me.”
It took a few moments for the impact of what she said to sink in.
“You may be interested to know that it takes a helluva’ lot more than that to hurt me,” she added. “Vampires are tough, and I don’t mind saying that I’m one of the tougher ones.”
For some reason, the way she said that sounded somewhat ominous to him.
“Despite the fact that I might be crazy, I don’t ever want to hurt you,” he insisted.
Her expression softened. “You’re not crazy, Caleb.”
“But how can you know that?”
“Trust me,” she said. “I know crazy, and you’re not it. Though I suspect there may be something in your mind that’s going to take some time to figure out.”
She had definitely piqued his curiosity. “Like what?”
She demurred. “Oh, I’m not sure, really. Suffice to say I have my suspicions. You were abused as a child, after all, correct?”
He admitted that seemed logical. “Yes, but I’ve never raised my hand against anyone before,” he insisted. “Man or woman.”
“Good,” she said. “Let’s not make a habit of it, either.”
“No,” he said. “No, of course not. I don’t want to be that kind of person.”
She felt really badly for him given the evident look of revulsion that he had on his face at that moment.
He doesn’t want to become his father.
“Don’t worry,” she said. “I won’t let that happen.”
He saw the look of sincerity in her eyes, which he genuinely appreciated.
He started to reach out to her but hesitated.
“I really missed you,” he said.
She saw the evident look of sadness in his eyes.
Unable to restrain herself any longer, she quickly slid across the distance between them and hugged him to her.
To her relief and satisfaction, his arms hugged her in response.
“I missed you, too,” she said.
They held each other, each so very happy to be in close contact with the other.
Their simple act of embracing felt natural; both soothing and reassuring.
“I won’t hurt you, Caleb,” she assured him. “You can be safe with me. I need for you to believe that. I’m still the same woman I was a week ago; a woman who deeply cares for you.”
“Thank you.”
“Ah, but do you believe me?” she asked.
“I really want to,” he said.
“Please give me the chance to prove it to you,” she whispered.
“I’d like that,” he said. “I hope you’ve got the patience to put up with me.”
She kissed him on the cheek and hugged him tighter. “Don’t worry. You’re the sort of man who’s worth waiting for.”
He pulled away from her and kissed her full on the lips, to which she eagerly responded.
Then she laughed, interrupting their kisses.
“What’s so funny?” he asked.
“You,” she replied. “I drop a bombshell by telling you I’m a vampire, yet you’re the one who hopes that I’ve got patience for you.”
“When I think about you being a vampire, it’s still hard to wrap my mind around the idea,” he said. “Despite what little I’ve seen and experienced, it still seems so unreal.”
She appeared reflective. “It’s really not as gruesome as the movies and legends make it out to be; much of what you think you know is actually outlandish.”
“But still scary,” he said. “I think I remember you hissing at me the other night.”
“If I show you something, will you promise me that you won’t freak out?”
He hesitated. “Maybe.”
She held him in her arms. “Think of this just as show and tell. I’m not trying to scare you, and no harm will come to you. Understood?”
“Okay,” he said.
Then she opened her mouth and slowly extended her fangs.
His muscles tensed as he watched two ivory fangs gradually extend down out of her mouth.
They were sharp and quite lethal-looking but he remained remarkably calm.
Then she retracted them and they completely recessed back into her jaw.
“They’re very intimidating,” he said.
“Please don’t be afraid of me,” she said. “It’s not going to work between us if you’re afraid of me.”
He reached up and placed his palm against her cheek. “I don’t want to be afraid of you.”
She tenderly rubbed her face against his palm.
“Ask me anything,” she said. “Education and information are the best treatments against fear.”
A host of questions and curiosities ran through his brain all at once; so many that it was almost overwhelming.
“No,” he resolved. “I wouldn’t want you to feel like some alien being that’s being studied. I care about you because of how wonderful you treat me; how good our chemistry is.
“I don’t care if you’re a vampire,” he insisted. “I’ll learn more things about you as we go, just as you’ll learn more about me. You can tell me things when you’re ready…as you feel comfortable.”
She marveled over his reaction.
No man had ever treated her with as much consideration and thoughtfulness under the same circumstances.
She adored him like no other.
No, she loved him.
She reached out to cradle his face between her hands. “You’re so very precious to me,” she said.
She pressed her lips to his, passionately kissing him.
He was in heaven.
As she pressed against him, pushing him onto the cushions, her hunger for him increased; both for his body and for his blood.
It was the latter that set off warning bells in her head; she hadn’t fed for days.
She parted from their kissing. “Caleb, you need to go.”
“Now?” he asked.
She tried to disengage from him but he held onto her.
“No, you don’t understand,” she insisted. “It’s dangerous for you. I’m hungry.”
He kissed her neck, sending a shiver of intense hunger through her body.
His eyes widened. I’m dating a vampire, after all.
Then he remembered what she said about not fearing her.
He loved Katrina and he felt like he would do anything for her.
And since he was dating a vampire…
“You can have some of my blood,” he whispered.
She was so touched by his offer, but she wasn’t sure he was ready for something like that. “Caleb, you freaked out when my irises merely glowed,” she said.
He conjured his best chevalier expression. “Seriously? Remember what I just said about patience?”
She gave him a sympathetic look.
He held onto her as she tried to pull away from him again. “No,” he said. “You can start by trusting me…or I’m leaving.”
“That’s exactly what I asked,” she said.
“No, if you can’t trust me,” he began. “Then I won’t be coming back.”
She gave him a hard look. “I don’t do ultimatums, Caleb.”
He wasn’t one for confrontation, but he felt that he also had to follow his heart.
“And I don’t do trust-challenged relationships,” he said.
She arched an eyebrow. “Really? Does the name Melanie ring a bell?”
His mouth dropped open.
Then he closed it again. “Not anymore,” he said. “And you’re mean.”
She wriggled her eyebrows. “Remember? Evil Queen.”
He found her to be charismatically intimidating…and yet, oddly adorable.
“Then why don’t you get a little evil with me,” he said.
He turned to look away, leaving his neck fully exposed to her.
Her body pressed against him and he felt her warm breath against his neck.
“Fine,” she whispered. “But remember, this was your idea.”


* * * * * * *

That’s the end of your free sample of SUNRISE AT SUNSET: REVAMPED. If you want to read more, please use the following links to purchase your complete eBook copy.

Amazon Kindle: Order Now

Apple iTunes iBook: Order Now

Barnes & Noble Nook: Order Now

Smashwords (Online Reading, Kindle, Epub, PDF, RTF, LRF, Palm Doc(PDB), Plain Text formats): Order Now

Also available in trade paperback format!

Amazon Paperback: Order Now


* * * * * * *


About the Author

Jaz Primo: Delving into flights of fancy and realms of imagination; eagerly sharing with you.

Jaz takes great pleasure in sharing his creative visions. He’s a history aficionado, “pun-master”, and all-around fan of vampires. He authors paranormal romance, urban fantasy, and young adult literature, and has enjoyed a fulfilling background and career in higher education, including teaching U.S. History classes during evenings. Jaz lives in the Great American Midwest.

You can find Jaz Primo online at the following locations:

Website: http://jazprimo.com

Facebook Fan Page: Jaz Primo

Twitter: @jazprimo


* * * * * * *

Winner of the Paranormal Romance Guild’s Reviewer’s Choice Award for Best Young Adult Novel of 2012 !

Gwen Reaper
A Young Adult Paranormal Romance
by Jaz Primo

Boy meets beautiful and mysterious, yet reclusive, girl who harbors a potentially-lethal secret.

"A thing of beauty is a joy forever: its loveliness increases; it will never pass into nothingness." John Keats, English romantic poet. 
I never thought that my first exposure to real beauty would be tinged with the threat of oblivion…
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
When high school junior Scott Blackstone is forced to move from his childhood home in Springfield, Illinois to small-town Custer, South Dakota, he expects nothing less than to languish in complete disappointment. Instead, he discovers a beautiful and mysterious seventeen-year-old girl named Gwen, who captivates him from his initial, adrenaline-laced sight of her on the shores of Stockade Lake. Scott’s pursuit of the elusive Gwen sweeps him into the midst of a potentially lethal family heritage that was birthed in hope, only to be passed into a legacy of guilt and death. 

Scott engages in a journey of discovery, tinged with both angst and danger. Like many dire legends throughout history, he is unprepared for the untimely revelation that both love and despair are often two sides of the same coin.

Available in trade paperback and all major eBook formats!

Go to http://jazprimo.com/books for purchasing links!


* * * * * * *

Third Place in the Paranormal Romance Guild’s Reviewer’s Choice Award for Best Paranormal Series of 2012!

Sunrise at Sunset: Revamped 
Sunset Vampire Series, Book 1
(Second Edition)
by Jaz Primo

A Quick Note from Jaz:

Now that you’ve finished reading Sunrise at Sunset: Revamped, please support me by posting a quick recommendation for my Sunset Vampire Series on your website, blog, or Facebook page to help spread the word about my works to others?
While you’re online, please post a quick review on Goodreads.com, Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Shelfari.com, or any other book review outlets available on the web.
Thanks so much for your kind assistance!

All the best,
Jaz Primo


Now you’re ready for book #2, A Bloody London Sunset!
Advance to the next page for further details.


Available in trade paperback and all major eBook formats!

Go to http://jazprimo.com/books for purchasing links!


* * * * * * *

Third Place in the Paranormal Romance Guild’s Reviewer’s Choice Award for Best Paranormal Series of 2012!

A Bloody London Sunset
Sunset Vampire Series, Book 2
by Jaz Primo

In A Bloody London Sunset, a timid spirit rises to assert himself, a forbidden love sparks, and a forgotten past threatens to topple the power of love.

Katrina Rawlings is a vampire who has finally rediscovered happiness for the first time in centuries. But unwanted complications erupt with a vengeance. Decisions of necessity combined with dark memories from a forgotten past threaten her relationship with the love of her life.  When a sacrifice must be made, can she endure her decision?
Caleb Taylor's life is finally back on track. He has rebounded from a near mortal injury, both physically and emotionally.  Yet, his reality is shaken by the suggestion of a betrayal of trust from the woman he loves.  Can the power of love overcome the power of a lie?
Paige Turner is a century old vampire who fearlessly revels in a simple existence pursuing blood, dancing, and sex. Simple needs, and all met in the same manner: hot, fast, and without regrets. But a spontaneous visit leads to heartfelt sacrifice, and unexpected complications strike fear to the core of her soul. Will she survive the revelations?
In the exciting second novel in the Sunset Vampire Series, a trust is betrayed, bonds of friendship are strained, relationships may end, and a tenuous neutrality among the world's vampire population is threatened. With stakes so high, some will not survive A Bloody London Sunset!

Available in trade paperback and all major eBook formats!

Go to http://jazprimo.com/books for purchasing links!


* * * * * * *

Third Place in the Paranormal Romance Guild’s Reviewer’s Choice Award for Best Paranormal Series of 2012!

Summit at Sunset
Sunset Vampire Series, Book 3
by Jaz Primo

Does the fate of one innocent human soul outweigh the needs of the entire vampire race?
The third, and most exciting, novel in the Sunset Vampire Series has finally arrived!

Powerful vampire Katrina Rawlings and her human mate, Caleb Taylor, are once more drawn into dangerous circumstances.  Representatives of the most powerful and influential vampires from around the world converge upon a scenic mountain retreat located in Slovenia's Upper Bohinj Valley for a summit of historic proportion.  Mystery leads to treachery, and events quickly spiral out of control.  With the fates of both vampires and humans in jeopardy, Katrina desperately struggles to reconcile the balance of worldwide vampire power against honoring her commitment to the love of her life.  Unwilling to be rendered helpless, Caleb initiates a desperate gamble that leads to a mortal decision.  Meanwhile, the sexy and sassy vampire, Paige Turner, spearheads her own mission involving both surprising revelations of heart and grave circumstances for those around her.

In Summit at Sunset, unlikely alliances will be sought, eternal bonds of friendship will be tested, unrequited love will be unleashed, blood will be shed, and one pivotal person's fate will collide with destiny.

Available in trade paperback and all major eBook formats!

Go to http://jazprimo.com/books for purchasing links!


* * * * * * *

Third Place in the Paranormal Romance Guild’s Reviewer’s Choice Award for Best Paranormal Series of 2012!

Wicked Sunset
Sunset Vampire Series, Book 4
by Jaz Primo

After exploring urban fantasy with Bringer of Fire, and young adult romance with the award-winning Gwen Reaper, author Jaz Primo returns to his beloved and extremely popular Sunset Vampire series with the eagerly-awaited fourth novel, Wicked Sunset.

Security, more than ever, is an illusion.

The world's vampires are on a terrifying course of destruction, putting everyone in mortal danger. Katrina has a confrontation with dire consequences. Caleb, surrounded by darkness, and facing challenges at every turn, makes a surprising decision- that has even more surprising results.
Even his relationship with Katrina, something he could always believe in, may be changed forever. But if Caleb can finally come into his own, he may be able to claim a legacy he never dared imagine.

Available in trade paperback and all major eBook formats!

Go to http://jazprimo.com/books for purchasing links!


* * * * * * *

Third Place in the Paranormal Romance Guild’s Reviewer’s Choice Award for Best Paranormal Series of 2012!

Sunset Rising
Sunset Vampire Series, Book 5
by Jaz Primo

In Sunset Rising, the exciting fifth installment in Jaz Primo's Sunset Vampire series, life is the ultimate prize in a race against time.

Vowing retribution, Katrina tenaciously seeks out those behind the attack against Caleb, whose research to unravel a centuries old mystery attracts both unexpected competition and mortal danger.

Paige’s conflicted feelings erupt, altering the lives of those she loves and leaving emotional disaster in her wake.

Battle lines are drawn as the vampire world’s fiercest beings choose sides, rendering those undecided few as hotly contested spoils in a growing war.

In Sunset Rising, all bets are off!

Watch for book #5, Sunset Rising, coming out in 2015!

Go to http://jazprimo.com/books for further information!



* * * * * * *


Bringer of Fire
The Logan Bringer Urban Fantasy Series, Book 1
by Jaz Primo

Spinning "a wonderful first book in his Logan Bringer series" (Paranormal Romance Guild), Jaz Primo has created a new urban fantasy hero in this story packed with explosive action, danger, and intrigue.

Logan Bringer is a cancer survivor and war hero who should have his hardest battles behind him. But when he develops the ability to move things with his mind, he's hunted by corporations, terrorists, and his own government.

Darkness and corruption are everywhere.

When even his family is threatened, he fights to control his new powers— and becomes more powerful than his enemies can possibly imagine.

Available in trade paperback and all major eBook formats!

Go to http://jazprimo.com/books for purchasing links!
