Forever
Book One of The Abandoned
Eric Marier

Published by Treasure Map Books at Smashwords

Copyright 2014 Eric Marier

Discover other titles by Eric Marier:
Across The Sea
Here

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9

About Eric Marier
Other books by Eric Marier
Connect with Eric Marier
Chapter 1
Am I too old for him?
Kate inspected her strawberry blonde hair in the mirror.
Or is that sex worker giving it to him already?
Kate and Cole had gone out for two years and she had never slept with him. He just isn’t “lose my virginity with” material.
That’s how Mata Hari stole him. That little slut sexed him up and down until his orgasm-addled brain short-circuited.
Who cares? I never liked him that way anyway.
Cole was everything Kate required for a boyfriend: good looking, a star athlete and from a prominent Sussex family. There was no one else at Sussex High that fit Kate’s criteria for a boyfriend better than Cole Marshall.
I’ll just have to find some old cadaver now. Maybe some Ivy League college boy back home for the summer. I have to get on that. But then they might want to have sex. I couldn’t imagine wanting to get that close to someone. Especially if they have hair sticking out from their shirt collar and they’re all sweaty. It’s like somebody trying to squeeze into a bathroom stall with you to do their business while you’re trying to do yours. What a scuzz-fest…
She had allowed Cole to kiss her on occasion, and had only allowed him to touch her in certain areas on the weekend. And then she’d have to have been in a generous mood. She had figured she needed to throw him a bone now and then to keep him around.
Little did that do.
“Come on, hon. We’ll be late.”
Marnie, her mother. Kate didn’t have the patience for her this morning.
Why did I agree to let her drive me to school today? All she does is talk about her fucking problems. What does she have to complain about? We live in one of the nicest houses in the wealthiest suburb, and she has a new husband with no kids of his own. And he’s never around.
A few more months and she’d be at Harvard, and away from Marnie. Hopefully, Roger will stick around long enough to foot the bill.
Kate stepped outside into the spring morning sun, carrying her Stella McCartney green courier bag which contained one school book, her iPhone and her iPad Mini.
Marnie was waiting by her yellow Corvette convertible. She smiled her overstuffed lips at Kate, her dyed red hair shimmering in the sunlight. Kate had never known her mother’s true hair color. Whenever they looked at family pictures of past birthdays and holidays, her mother’s hair was always a different shade of terrible.
Really, what does she have to complain about?
Plenty. Apparently.
Kate knew that once she stepped into that beacon at sea of a car, her mother would start voicing her dissatisfaction regarding friends, and who said what. She was a character straight out of The Real Housewives of Ungrateful. And if Kate was lucky, Marnie might also start yammering about her joke of a career: restaurant consultant.
It really is a ludicrous career. Her mother used Skype to consult various restaurants throughout the state of Vermont. It made Kate want to laugh, but she didn’t have the energy. She has no experience in the restaurant business – apart from eating in a lot of them, and maybe once lowering the standard of waitressing decades ago.
Looking at Marnie now, Kate couldn’t help but wonder what Marnie’s own mother would think of her. Not much, she guessed. Kate’s grandmother had been of old Vermont blood, and money. Maitland Clift was someone Kate had looked up to. And she was the exact opposite of Marnie. Maitland walked into a room so secure, so tall, and if anyone dared look her way, they were cut down with her cold, aquamarine eyes. Maitland would always choose to sit beside Kate during events and dinners, confiding her thoughts regarding other guests, making Kate laugh. Maitland had moved to Florida almost two years ago, where she had died. And they had never gone to visit her; not after that huge blowout between Marnie and Maitland.
Kate walked over to the passenger side of the Corvette.
“Don’t give me that long look,” Marnie said. “We have to save money somewhere. And carpooling when we’re going in the same direction anyway is a good start.”
Marnie had come to the conclusion in recent weeks that husband number two was about to bolt, and that she and Kate were about to be left high and dry. Roger had, since last week, cancelled all credit card accounts he shared with Marnie. All he did now was pay the house bills. This was not good. For Marnie or Kate.
I’m praying he gets over this latest tiff with Marnie real quick; I can’t afford Harvard on my scholarship alone.
Kate rolled her eyes at her mother and entered the car. She caught a glimpse of someone: a man, gray-haired, tall, on the sidewalk, standing before their house.
Is he staring at us?
Kate glanced again. He was smiling at her. Kate shuddered. The man didn’t move away.
“Do you see that man?” she asked her mother as they both sat in the Corvette’s black leather seats.
“I hope he’s not some Alzheimer’s guy who can’t find his way home,” Marnie responded as she backed the Corvette onto the street, past the old man.
Neither women reached for their phone to report him. He appeared well-dressed in an ironed, button down, plaid shirt and pressed khakis.
The man remained in the same spot as he stared back into Kate’s eyes, his own eyes misty, but his lips smiling. At her.
A shiver traveled up Kate’s body.
Is that freak crying?
She wished Marnie would drive even faster, making that peeping tom, withering scarecrow nowhere near her.
Chapter 2
Sussex High. The only high school in Sussex, Vermont. As Kate unlocked her locker, Wanda, Britt, Melanie, and Sonia all rushed her carrying their own overpriced, designer bags.
“You won’t believe what Carla Wess said about you,” Wanda began.
“What?” Kate turned. Even though her friends each had different skin tones and skin colors, they were all identical. Like when dog owners start to resemble their pet dogs. Please tell me I don’t look like them. And when they talked, they sounded like exact digital recordings of each other. Most days, I can’t tell them apart.
“Yeah,” Sonia added. “She said you’re a total bitch, and it was only a matter of time before Cole caught on.”
“She sounded so happy that Cole broke it off with you,” Wanda corroborated.
“Here she comes now,” Melanie warned under her breath.
Carla Wess walked past, looking down as she flipped strands of hair behind one ear.
“Hey Carla,” Kate called out.
Other students in the hallway turned their way, knowing something was about to go down. All activity ceased.
Carla was now looking up at Kate. She could do nothing to conceal the fear in her eyes.
“Nice turtleneck,” Kate remarked. “You look beautiful. I think it’s offensive how boys say you smell like a urinal.”
Laughter ensued. Two basketball players high-fived.
Carla’s tense expression fell, devastated. Kate stared into her as Kate’s crew continued to giggle, their eyes never leaving Carla. Carla marched off, doing her best to disappear.
“Kate,” a pubescent male voice exclaimed. “Kate Hewitt, is that you?”
Kate turned, and came face to face with a rake-thin, red-headed boy knocking at puberty’s door. He smiled.
“Kate, it’s me, Peter.”
Kate just stared at the boy, void of expression.
“Don’t you remember me?”
“No.” Kate’s friends all gave Peter a look meant to convey: get lost.
“It’s Peter,” he said. “Peter Campbellton.”
“I have no clue who you are.”
“Really? We were like best friends in grade school. My dad just got transferred back to Sussex, so lucky for us.”
“For you, maybe. Pascal, or whatever your name is, maybe you can go find someone else you might remember from your glory days.”
“I sent you a message on Facebook last month.”
“I haven’t been on Facebook since grade six.”
Kate was off, leaving the girls to trail her down the hall. “Did you really know him?” Melanie asked.
“I totally remember him from grade school,” Sonia chimed in.
“Then you talk to the ranga,” Kate said.
She stopped. Shit. She hadn’t meant to, and make it look like she was in any way affected by the sight of...
Elisha Pratt – smaller, thinner, younger. A waif. Cole’s new girlfriend’s eyes caught in Kate’s stare.
Of course, Kate thought, like an innocent, little doe. Fucking Bambi. Kate kept walking.
“That was close,” Melanie said.
“I’ll deal with her when the time comes,” Kate said.
“When what time comes?” Wanda asked.
“The perfect time. I’m going to crush Twilight Sparkle.”
Kate turned off into a classroom, abandoning her posse.
World Events class. A hodgepodge of geeks and frightening, violent losers whom Kate and her friends referred to as “the At-Riskies”. This stew of social and academic classes was made a reality due to the fact that World Events was a magnet for straight-A students like Kate (it looked great when applying to colleges) and honey for At-Riskies (the teacher, Mr. Knibb, was notorious for being an easy grader – he pretty much just marked on attendance – and there was always a handful of At-Riskies who couldn’t even manage that). Wanda had once remarked that she believed a class called World Events sounded “un-American”.
Upon seeing Kate enter the room, all the geeks and do-gooders scrambled away like the sea parting for Moses, giving Kate a wide berth all the way to the desk she sat at in the far corner.
The desks were set up in pairs “to encourage debate” Mr. Knibb had once told them in his thick Hugh Grant, London accent. Kate sat. She was the odd student out. She knew not one student would ever dare debate her, or be dumb enough to sit next to her. I love this class.
Mr. Knibb began to speak about class conflict in Paris, France. Kate scribbled into a notebook, but all she could think of were the specifics of her revenge plot against Elisha Pratt.
Some hulking being ambled into the classroom. Kate focused on the black haired creature. Shock of all shockers: Kev Anderwaith. Brown windbreaker over a black T-shirt and jeans. The six feet five, broad-shouldered beast scanned the room with half-lidded, dead, almost white eyes. He was looking for a place to sit. Jesus, please...
But it was too late. Kev saw the empty desk beside Kate. Shit. Kev Anderwaith had not been to school in months. I don’t want that dirty ape sitting next to me.
Kate thought she heard a collective gasp as the rest of the classroom all took notice of him moving across the room. Word was that Kev was on the run from the law for dealing drugs in the Dell: what Sussex called the backwoods that no one but its inhabitants ever dared to enter. At that moment, Kate even thought she heard Mr. Knibb gasp in his British accent.
Kev Anderwaith was more than just an At-Risky. He was born and bred in the backwoods. Probably in-bred. Everyone was petrified of the kids from the Dell, a haven for moonshine and pushers and other criminal low lives.
“Ummm,” Mr. Knibb began. “Do you still go here?”
Kev stopped, and turned toward Mr. Knibb. Mr. Knibb’s face went white. Kate couldn’t remember if she had ever heard Kev speak before, or if anyone, for that matter, had ever had the nerve to talk to him.
“Yeses,” Kev grunted. His voice sounded like a baritone whose vocal chords were hardened by whiskey and sharp shards of granite.
“Very well… have a seat then...”  Mr. Knibb sounded as if he was about to make a beeline for the staff room.
Kev refocused his undead stare toward the empty seat beside Kate as he sauntered his mass in her direction. He smells, I can tell. Like moldy musk. He’s worn that brown windbreaker from Sears forever. I know it reeks. Like a rag soaked in sweat and vinegar. I think I might throw up.
And that meatheadedness – that’s what really repulses me.
In eighth grade, Kev Anderwaith had pulverized a student, and he was sent away. No one knew where. He just disappeared for a few months. That had been the only time Kate had bothered to learn who he was. After hearing what had happened, she had looked his picture up in the yearbook. He had been big, even then, his five o’clock shadow prematurely sprouting to life – his life of crime set for him a long time ago. The rumor went that he had promised the court that he’d never do it again, and that he’d attend counseling, and after that, he just faded into the background again. He had kept his promise, but who knows what he was doing outside of school. Kate didn’t even know if he had ever attended school on a regular basis afterward.
Kev lowered into the chair, being careful not to break it, and attempted to settle into the seat, causing the chair legs to scratch against the floor – the kind of noise that irritated Kate the most: not loud, but consistent, never seeming to end, and caused by another human being. She anticipated his sweaty, vinegar musk about to violate her senses so she held her breath.
Kev glanced down at her. He must be noticing my face about to explode from not breathing. Shit, he’s going to think I’m intimidated by him. I don’t want to give him the satisfaction. He might even think I’m into him. I’d rather someone puke on me.
Kate breathed in. And she was loud. Like a swimmer coming up for air. Fuck.
But Kev didn’t turn back. Instead, he looked up at Mr. Knibb. Does he even have any books? He looks like a moron, sitting there with nothing in front of him, not even taking notes. Fucking Dell people.
She caught a whiff of his scent.
There was something. Subtle.
Wind blowing through the forest...
She looked up. He was staring right at her. He turned away.
And moved again, not able settle with comfort in his seat. His shoulders smacked Kate.
“Watch it,” she said under her breath, avoiding his face.
Kev scraped his chair away, making even more noise.
Kate looked back up at Mr. Knibb. She felt eyes on her. She turned toward her neighbor. And he glanced away again.
What a creep.
She wrote in her notebook, attempting to busy herself with note taking. She glimpsed him again, and he was staring at her; his half-lidded, light gray eyes looking even more inhuman up close. She shot to her feet.
“You freak!”
She snatched her things.
“Kate,” Mr. Knibb said. “What are you doing?”
“I’m out of here.” She moved past him, and into the hall.
She jogged toward the ladies’ room.
And made her way to the closest mirror, her angry reflection greeting her. I hate everybody here. Everybody is just fucking suffocating me.
A guttural voice boomed behind her, “Can I just talk to you?”
Kate whipped around. Kev Anderwaith loomed over her, blocking the ladies’ room entrance. “Get away from me,” she seethed, “or I’ll scream.”
“I just want to talk.”
Kate shoved past him. “Get out of my way!”
He gripped her arm.
“Let go of me!” she exploded.
“You just need to listen.”
“Let go of her,” warned another male voice.
Kate turned, and saw Cole, tall, athletic, clean cut. He almost stood eye to eye with Kev.
Kev released her.
“Fucking asshole,” she said, moving away into the hallway.
At the ladies’ room entrance, Cole and three of his football teammates closed in on Kev.
Kev’s gaze fell to the floor. “I’ll snap you like a breadstick,” he grunted.
“Leave her alone.” The confidence in Cole’s voice was seeping away.
With zero interest, Kev eyed Cole. He’s an animal, Kate thought. “Don’t look at me,” Kev warned, moving up to Cole until he was inches from his face.
Cole looked away, intimidated. And humiliated.
“Let’s go, Cole,” one of his pals advised.
“Yep,” Cole conceded, stepping back.
“Mister Anderwaith...” A tall, male teacher was approaching from down the hallway. “You need to come with me.”
Kev lumbered off.
“You okay?” Cole asked a shaken Kate.
“Why would you care? I’m not some skanky, filthy, underage whore.”
She heard Kev emit a short chuckle.
“I just saved you over there,” Cole asserted.
“I don’t need some pedophile looking out for me.”
“I expect the rest of you to return to your classes now,” the teacher called out.
* * *
“What the hell happened in your World Events class?” Wanda asked Kate at their table in the school cafeteria.
“You should really live-tweet these things,” Melanie added.
Josie Scales, skinny and tall as a tree, from the Dell, headed straight for their table. “Dear god,” Kate said to her friends, “she’s not coming here, is she?”
The short-haired Josie was making eye contact. Damn.
“Listen bitch,” Josie barked, “You keep your slut claws off my boyfriend.” All eyes in the cafeteria landed on them as voices died out.
“That extra Y chromosome is the one stalking me.”
“Really?” Josie burst. “Last night, he broke up with me, and this morning, you blew him in the pink can. So now, I’m going to beat your head in.”
“Everybody from the Dell should stop fucking each other,” Kate declared, “because maybe if your mother and father weren’t each other’s sister and brother, you wouldn’t be so goddamn crazy.”
“You’re such a cunt. You walk around like you run this place, but everybody here hates you and they’re all going to cheer right now while I kick your ass around the room.”
Cafeteria chairs screeched against the floor as an audience jockeyed for a better view. 
Josie swung down at Kate. So fast no saw it coming. But Kate caught her wrist, much to own surprise, gripping it.
“Whoa,” Wanda exclaimed.
Josie raised her other fist.
“Oh my god,” Melanie breathed.
“Josie,” spoke a guttural voice.
Josie attempted to pull her hand away from Kate’s fist, so Kate let go.
“What the hell are you doing?” Kev asked Josie.
“Here’s your fucking smutbag. You can have her.” Josie moved off.
“What’s going on here?” Mr. Williams, the male teacher from earlier in the day, approached their table. “Kev?”
Kate got up to leave. What’s with all these fucking Dell people today?
* * *
So everybody in this school hates me, Kate thought as she stood on the sidewalk outside Sussex High, waiting for her mother to pick her up. I don’t care. Probably Wanda and the girls hate me too. What a stupid day.
I wish I had a cigarette. Maybe I should take up smoking. I need something to do while I wait here like an idiot. But she hated when her mother smoked. It usually meant she had siphoned a few glasses of chardonnay and all common sense in their house was about to be sucked out through the kitchen fan.
* * *
“We can’t get too much,” Marnie advised, as she and Kate walked along clothing racks at Calps. “In fact, we shouldn’t really be here. I don’t know about Roger. He hasn’t called, texted, emailed; I don’t even know how much longer he’ll let us stay in the house.”
Kate stopped walking. “It’s that bad?”
“It’s not good.”
“Did you cheat on him?”
Marnie’s face went crimson. She looked guilty as hell. “I would never cheat on Roger.”
“Well, he sure as shit would never cheat on you. Who’d want him?”
“Kate,” her mother shot back under her breath.
“You cheated, didn’t you? You did it again.”
“I won’t have you talk to me that way.”
She can be so goddamned selfish and stupid and childish and self-centered. Kate wanted to slam down the closest rack. “You fucked everything up again.”
“You are not to talk to me that way.”
Here she is, trying to sound like a grown woman. “It’s over with Roger, isn’t it?”
“We’ll talk about this at home.”
“What? After you down a bottle of wine and I’m force-fed another one of your sob stories. No. We’re talking about this now.”
“You keep your voice down.”
“What’s with the pride? What do you have to be so proud about?”
“You have been so insolent toward me. Ever since your grandmother died.”
“Your mother died,” Kate corrected her.
“You need to move on.”
“You kept it from me, mom. I didn’t even know she was in the hospital.”
“Is that why you’ve been treating me like garbage these past few weeks?”
“I didn’t even get a chance to visit her. To see her one last time. All because you’re so goddamn proud.”
“You should know about holding grudges. You’re just like me, Kate. You’ve never been able to forgive anyone in your entire life. You’ve never been able to let go of anything.”
“Way to go. Way to make you fucking up your life all about me.” Kate moved toward the store exit, and Marnie had no choice but to follow.
* * *
From her ensuite bathroom. Kate went straight under her bedcovers. She wondered what her friends did before going to bed. Wanda is probably checking her iPhone for the thousandth time to see if anyone texted her. Melanie is on Facebook, probably chatting with Sonia about that freak Josie and her psycho boyfriend.
She put her head on her pillow. And her mind fell on her grandmother. She wished that that last dinner, that last night when they saw each other, that they knew, that they knew they would never see each other again. That it was goodbye. She was robbed.
I’m not going to cry.
Maitland Clift. So solid. Christmas dinner at the country club. Over one year ago. As the night wore on, Maitland had sat beside her, as she always ended up doing during dinners.
“Look at your mother,” Maitland had said, as they surveyed the rest of the guests.
Kate’s eyes had found her mother.
“What is it... with that generation? I understand not wanting to get older, but to eternally strive to be a teenaged girl. To be in that deep state of denial. It’s desperate the way they cling to those years. It’s sad. They look like prostitutes. All of them. Look at them. Showing off as much skin as is legal in this state. They’ve cheapened what it means to be of a better class. And their faces. All bloated on syringes. All disfigured from surgical knives. They look like circus clowns. Loose sex... loose morals... There is a real lack of ladies in this generation.”
Maitland had turned to Kate then. “Maybe that’s why you and I get along so well. You’re the lady I always wanted.”
I’m not going to cry.
Kate got up from her bed. She was restless. What would Maitland Clift make of a day like today?
She looked out her window.
A chill traveled across her body.
Below, on the sidewalk, the old man in the plaid shirt stared up at her.
What the fuck?
She darted from her room and down the stairway in only her nightgown. She rammed through the front door.
Outside, the sidewalk was empty.
She scanned the street. She spotted him – the back of him – as he walked toward a white Ford Focus. Kate raced across the front lawn in her slippers, and then across the street. The old man turned to look back.
“What the hell do you want?” Kate demanded.
“I’m sorry,” the man said, opening his car door. He had a gentle voice. Kind eyes. “I was on my way home.”
“I saw you this morning, and then again tonight. You were staring right at our house.”
The man paused. “You don’t remember me, do you?”
Kate noticed that his eyes were glistening in the street light. “Who the hell are you?”
“It doesn’t matter who I am. It just matters who you are. Years ago... before you were born... you were my mother.”
His mother? “I’m taking down your license plate and calling the police.”
“Kate, is everything okay?” It was Mr. Niles, their neighbor, still in a suit, his tie undone as he walked across his own lawn.
Kate sized the old man. “Go.”
“Does the name Daniel Weaver mean something to you?”
Daniel fucking what? “I said go.”
“Your friend Kev. Do you know who he really is?”
Another chill. This one making her quiver. “He’s not my friend.” She searched the man’s eyes. They remained kind. “Get lost.”
The man entered his car, and Kate watched as he started his engine, making sure he drove off.
Chapter 3
Thursday. Kate didn’t have World Events today. Thank god. No Dell freaks and At-Riskies to deal with. Who the hell was that geezer last night?
The morning went off with a hitch. In the cafeteria, Kate sat down with her friends at their usual table. Across the room, Cole sat with his football team. He was keeping his distance. She caught him, staring.
Does he want me back? He should just ask, the little shit. I don’t know if I’d take him back. Not after he touched that shifty slut. He left me for her. Fuck that, I don’t want him back. He probably cheated on me too. Next time he looks my way, I’m giving him the finger.
Elisha, carrying a tray with her purchased lunch, sat with Cole.
Here she is. Probably traded a hand job for that soup.
“Hi,” said a voice to Kate’s left. “Can I sit here?”
To the girls’ collective horror, Peter Campbellton was staring down at them with his food tray.
Wanda burst out laughing. “Isn’t there an area in here for your kind?”
Melanie, Sonia and another girl named Chelsea giggled.
Peter cheeks went flush. He looked like someone had just slapped his face. His eyes met Kate’s.
“Listen,” Kate said. “I know, probably, at some point in time – grade school, I think you said yesterday – that we were friends or acquaintances or maybe I blinked in your direction once, but right now, things are different. We’re different. Real different. I’m sorry, little buddy, but we’re not friends anymore. You need to sit someplace else.”
Peter held her look. This is so pathetic, Kate thought. Peter’s shoulders drooped, and he almost tipped his food over, but he held up the tray in time. He was crushed.
“I see a whole table of short people with nasty glasses and greasy hair a few tables down,” Wanda offered. “Maybe you can be their leader.”
Peter turned and moved off.
“Shit, Kate,” Wanda continued, “what’s with you and all the weirdos lately?”
“I don’t know,” Kate said, as she eyed Elisha laughing with Cole and the football team. “He’s a persistent little fella. I just don’t think he gets the message. It might be time to kill two birds with one stone.”
“What are you going to do?” Melanie asked.
Kate turned to Sonia. “You drove here today, right?”
“Of course,” Sonia responded. Sonia drove a BMW to school every day.
“I’m starving and I can’t stand the crap here. Let’s get some silver dollars.”
* * *
In Sussex, Vermont, silver dollar potatoes could only be found at Russell’s Roadside Gas and Stop, a curiosity of a wooden shack on a dirt road called Whalen’s Way. Sonia turned up an old Smashing Pumpkins song as Kate closed her eyes, getting lost in the thundering sounds, while still hearing the gravel and dirt ricochet off the bottom of the car.
Sonia pulled to a stop, killing the music. “This place always gives me the heebie jeebies.” All five girls stepped out of the car and into the bright sun rays piercing through the forest branches above.
“I hope they have ketchup,” Melanie said, as they walked toward the entrance across the dirt parking. “The last time they didn’t have ketchup and I couldn’t stomach them.”
A vehicle swerved in, kicking up dust. The girls looked back. Six oversized boys all jumped out of a black Jeep. Kate’s cheeks went hot. The driver was Kev Anderwaith.
A shaggy haired, blonde ape closed in on them. “Hey girlies.” They were too slow; the blonde was now inches from Melanie’s face, his blue eyes dancing with delight. His lips almost touched her forehead as he spoke. “Let’s get all buttered up. Just me and you.”
Melanie looked like she was about to cry.
“Not before we all puke on each other,” Kate added. “Back off, John Boy.”
“Shaun,” Kev called.
Shaun grinned in Kate’s direction. Vile, she thought.
“I lost my appetite,” she said. “Let’s just go.”
No one objected as they hastened back toward the BMW.
Shaun moved in on Kate. “Hoo! Hoo! Hoo!” he bellowed, making the other gorillas laugh.
Kate swung her arm to strike him, but he moved his face back. The boys all guffawed.
As Kate and the girls entered the car, Kate glanced at Kev, who stood a few feet away, not smiling and gawking at her with his half-lidded, dead-eyed stare.
There isn’t even a fraction of a brain inside that head, is there? He’s just an empty shell.
Her own stare was murderous. She had never felt so threatened in her life. She wanted to kill them all.
She heard all the doors lock as Kev now lumbered toward them. “Start the car!” she shouted. “Start the fucking car!”
Sonia dropped the keys. “Oh Jesus,” she fretted.
Kev made it just outside her window. Kate looked up into his vacuous, zombie gaze.
Goddamn, he’s disturbing.
The engine started and Kate gave him the finger as the car lunged backward.
What’s he up to? What are he and that old coot up to? What are they trying to pull on me?
* * *
Kate didn’t attend her World Events class the next morning. She went to the computer lab instead. She never wanted to see that Frankenstein creature again. If only he were human, I might have an inkling what his motivation for freaking me out is. Shit, this whole thing with him and that old guy is so insidious.
She needed to get her mind off things which included her mother, and she had the perfect plan. I’m going to put the screws to the wonderfully pert Elisha Pratt.
At lunch, she ate in the cafeteria with her friends to witness the fireworks.
“I created fake Gmail accounts for Elisha and that redheaded kid who came to our table yesterday,” she explained as she ate a salad she had prepared at home.
Sonia smiled with delight. “Kate, what did you do?”
The girls closed in to hear more.
Kate hadn’t been this engaged in anything in quite some time. “I had these two accounts email each other over how Elisha is going to leave Cole for the skinny ginger, and then I sent the whole conversation to Cole from the Elisha Gmail account like she responded to the wrong person by mistake.”
“That is so bad.” Melanie was just as delighted.
“That actually happened to me once,” Sonia added. “There’s an entire side of our family not talking to me.”
“Cole’s not going to buy it,” Wanda voiced.
“I included so many details that only a girlfriend of Cole’s would know,” Kate continued, “It’ll take so long for Cole to figure it all out. He’s so boneheaded about anything to do with the Internet. I just sent it.”
“He’s pulling out his phone,” Sonia announced.
The girls stared at the football team’s table as Cole looked down at his Samsung Galaxy. He touched the screen twice and read it to himself. His face grimaced as he processed the apparent conspiracy. He shot a look at Elisha sitting next to him. Wanda and the girls giggled. Kate smiled. Cole’s expression was one of anger. He held up the phone to show Elisha. She gave him a confused look. Cole began to accuse. The girls at Kate’s table laughed.
“He can get so jealous,” Kate said.
Elisha attempted to explain herself. She was crying.
The girls were now gasping for air. “Jesus,” Wanda managed. “How stupid can this guy be?”
Cole shot to his feet, scanning the room. A thin boy with brown hair, one of the football team’s many hanger-ons, pointed across the room. The girls all turned to where he was gesturing: the table filled with kids wearing odd-fitting eyeglasses. And Peter Campbellton.
“That didn’t take long,” Sonia said.
Cole moved toward the table. His boys followed. Elisha remained, with a tear-streamed face.
Cole stood over Peter’s table. Peter looked up at him, helpless. Someone else at the table said something, and Peter got up and turned to move away. Cole followed. Peter was soon exiting the cafeteria with the entire football team tracking him.
“Aren’t the teachers going to do something?” Melanie asked.
Kate searched the room. Mr. Williams was sitting at a table alone, eating his lunch and reading the sports pages. “It looks like ranga is on his own.”
The girls all got up from their table.
“You have to tell Cole what you did,” Melanie said. “He’ll kill that kid.”
The girls scrambled toward the cafeteria’s exit, with Kate following close behind. They past Elisha, dumbfounded at the now sparse table, explaining to friends who remained, through tears, her innocence.
By the exit, Kev Anderwaith, in his brown windbreaker, leaned one of thick shoulders against the wall. Dumb as a bag of hammers. Kate looked away.
“I’m surprised,” Kev grunted. Kate turned to him, her expression disgusted. He was staring into her with his dim-witted, half-lidded, almost white eyes. He must be challenged.
“All this...” Kev continued. “This isn’t you.”
What the fuck? Kate continued to move.
Outside, Cole and the football team stayed on Peter as he moved toward the parking area.
“Heading home, assclown?” Cole called.
Peter was careful not to turn around, attempting not to show any fear, lest it provoke Cole to pounce on him.
Cole kept going. “You like hitting on other people’s girls, you ugly little freak?”
“He’s totally disrespecting you,” one of Cole’s cronies taunted. It was Boomer, Wanda’s boyfriend.
“Hey buddy, stop,” Cole gripped Peter’s shoulder. “I’m talking to you.” He whipped Peter around.
Peter’s eyes were watery.
“Oh Christ,” Cole said, staring down into Peter’s face. “Are you going to pee yourself?”
A crowd gathered around them.
“Kick his ass,” Boomer said.
“Wait,” Kate shot, as she pushed past her girlfriends. “Cole, it was a joke. You weren’t supposed to fight him.”
Cole faced Kate. His face was contorted with rage. “You know what? I’m fuckin’ sick of everybody treating me like a fuckin’ joke. I need to take my anger out on somebody. Unlucky for this fuck that he thought I was a joke today.”
“He had nothing to do with it,” Kate countered.
Peter grasped this opportunity to bolt, but he was caught by a football player who threw him back, and he fell against Cole, who stumbled. “You little fuck,” Cole muttered.
He rammed Peter to the ground.
And pulled his kicking foot back, landing it straight into Peter’s ribs.
Peter doubled over in pain. More kids gathered round.
“We should all take turns,” Cole said as he moved to kick him again.
“You touch him one more time,” said a slow, guttural voice, “And I’ll rip the face right off your skull.”
Everyone looked up, and saw Kev Anderwaith sitting against the hood of a red Camarro.
“Get off my car, asshat,” Cole threatened.
“I guess the only time you feel brave is when you got your entire team with you,” Kev said, with his half-lidded gaze. “You’re a coward.”
“Damn right,” one of Cole’s teammates said as he approached him. “We’ll back him up,” 
“That’s what I figured.” Kev moved toward Peter and clutched his hand. Kate caught the reassuring look he gave Peter as he pulled him to his feet. Like they were old friends. “So to make things interesting, I called in my own backup.”
The black Jeep swerved in and hanging from it like orangutans escaped from the zoo were Shaun and his beasts.
Kev next moved so fast, no one saw him, and he gripped Cole’s face in one hand.
“You ever come close to my friend here again, I’ll come after you, and only you. Got it?”
“Let him go,” Kate protested.
Kev didn’t hear her; he just kept staring into Cole’s eyes. “Got it?” he repeated.
Cole nodded.
“Okay, you can let him go now,” Kate continued.
Kev ignored her as he kept his eyes locked on Cole’s. “Look how your boys are coming to help you out now. When there’s nothing in it for them, they don’t give a shit about you. At least with this kid, somebody’s got his back, no matter what. You don’t even have that. You think you know anger? You’ll know anger. In a few years. When everyone here abandons you. Like you never existed.”
He threw Cole away.
“You such a big man,” Kate shot at Kev.
Kev moved off, still ignoring her.
Kate followed him. “I’m talking to you, you dick.”
Kev faced her. “You could have helped him.”
“I tried to stop it.”
“That’s trying? That’s pathetic. You didn’t try.” Kev put an arm around Peter’s shoulders and escorted him through the crowd, back toward the school.
Kate felt her cheeks get hot. How did that damaged brain just get under my skin? He’s a real asshole.
Wanda moved in beside Kate. “What’s with him this week? It’s like someone put a battery in him or something.”
Kate had nothing to say back. She just wanted to scream.
* * *
“I feel like Sara’s Chicken takeout for dinner tonight,” Kate said into her iPhone earbuds mic as she sat in the passenger seat of Sonia’s BMW. “Can you pick me up there instead of school today?”
“Sure,” Marnie responded at the other end. “But I’m not sure I want you to spend money on takeout right now.”
Is she serious? It’s fried chicken for Christ’s sake.
They’d gone through hard times before: Kate, her mother, and her little brother Blaine when he still lived with them. That had been when Kate’s father had left and Marnie was too proud to ask her own parents for help.
If only she had made up with her own mother before she died, then maybe Maitland would have left us something, and we wouldn’t be living like this all over again. At least this time, we have a nice roof over our heads.
“Mom,” Kate said. “It’s just for one night. Jesus.” She hung up.
Who the hell is going to help pay for Harvard next year?
Sonia pulled into Sara’s Chicken Diner, and Kate stepped out. “Thanks.”
As Sonia’s BMW drove off and Kate entered the diner, a white Ford Focus pulled up.
Inside, at the counter, Kate’s order was already bagged. “Thank you.” She paid and turned to leave, halting before walking straight into the old man. She stepped back. He was wearing a different plaid shirt and khakis, and a brown, canvas, courier bag slung over one shoulder. He attempted a grin, but in his face, there was clear apprehension.
“What do you want?” Kate asked. Should I be freaking out here?
“I want to show you something,” the old man said, pulling an iPad from his bag. “I don’t have much time. You don’t have much time.”
“Why are you stalking me?”
“This is my sister.” He flipped through the touch screen until it fell on a picture of an elderly woman sitting before a picnic lunch; still with natural, red hair alongside the gray. “She’s dying. She has days, if that. She’s scared.”
“Go visit her.”
“She has a wish. A dying wish. To see her mother again. She has something to say to her.”
“I would assume that her mother would be dead by now, so they’ll be chatting soon enough.”
“She won’t. Her mother is still very much alive, but she may never see her again. Please sit with me. And let me explain. It’s a public place and I’m pushing eighty; you can’t get hurt.”
Kate was curious to hear this man’s story, if only to figure out the con. “You have five minutes.”
“Here.” The old man gestured toward the nearest table.
As they both sat down, the man’s eyes caught Kate’s and they clouded over with what looked like tears. He smiled again. “I’m sorry. I’ve just missed you so much.”
“You said you’d explain. Let’s go.”
“You and Kev Anderwaith, you’ve been reincarnating throughout time, again and again.”
I don’t know if I can sit through five minutes of this. Maybe, maybe, I can turn this into a hilarious story for the girls.
“In every life you’ve lived,” the man continued, “around your eighteenth birthday, you begin to remember. Who you are... where you’ve been... these past few centuries.”
“These past few centuries?”
“And you and... and Kev... fate has a way of making you cross paths. You always find one another. You always have.”
“And what? We get married? That mutant’s disgusting.”
“You’ve always been drawn to one another.”
“How do you know it’s me? How do you know I’m this reincarnated mother of yours who’s been alive forever now? Jesus, by now, I must have given birth to a lot of you geezers.”
The old man grinned, amused.
“Are you a farmer or something? You seem like you’re straight off a pile of cow-plop.”
“Yes. I am.”
Christ, this guy’s going to try to make me believe I was a farmer’s wife. This is so fucked.
“And recently widowed?” Kate asked.
“Yes, as a matter of fact.”
“Ever consider that when that happened, your head cracked?”
“It wasn’t the only thing.”
The man swiped his finger on the iPad, turning on an app. A photo of Kate, from a vacation she took in Cabos two years ago, popped up on the screen.
Where’d he get that?
She was sitting at a restaurant table, wearing a beach scarf over a two piece bikini, staring unsmiling at the camera. Her mother always complained that she never smiled in pictures. She had only replied once to that complaint. “If I smiled,” she had responded, “I’d be pretending to be someone else.”
“Did you get that from Facebook?”
“Yes. My family and I hired investigators who brought a software developer to our attention. This woman is able to use her computer program to match certain features from pictures and see if someone is genetically related to someone else. We’ve been told it’s not foolproof. The program itself was originally designed to examine eyes from photographs and root out wanted fugitives who’ve had plastic surgery to alter their facial features.”
The man lay the iPad on the table and pulled some photographs from his bag.
“You and dad always told us that your eyes... your eyes always appeared similar... from life to life. And I see that now when I look at you. Or Kev. There’s something familiar in your gaze. We took a chance on this program and it scoured photos on the Internet. It then compared them with these photographs of our mother and father.”
The man displayed the photographs on the table; some were black and white, some color, and all featured a couple throughout several decades, living on a farm, or in the woods. Kate’s focus fell on a black and white image of the woman, when she was young. And striking. A chill shook her. It’s not that she looked like this woman. Not at all. There was, however, something familiar in the stare this young, beautiful woman gave back to the camera. But she was smiling in the images. That’s not me.
“What was her name?”
“Her maiden name was Laval. Her first name was Renee. When she married our father, she became Renee Weaver.”
In the photographs, the husband was tall and broad-shouldered.
“When we cross-referenced the date our parents died,” the man continued, “over eighteen years ago, we came up with half a dozen pictures of individuals who would be eighteen years old today. Three of these lived within twenty-five miles of each other. We knew that the reincarnations always found one another on around their eighteenth birthday so we focused on you three. But one of you, a girl named Rebecca, moved away a few months ago so that left you and Kev.”
“Back up,” Kate said. “Always find each other? Always live close to each other when they’re eighteen?”
“It’s fate. No one can explain it.”
“I bet. It’s bullshit, that’s why.”
The man looked into Kate’s eyes. “When I found you, I knew we had the right person.” His eyes became misty again.
“I’ve got to go.” Kate stood. “This is some psycho shit you’ve pulled. Somebody’s revenge plot against me or something. But it’s so ridiculous, how would anyone think that I would believe this feces?”
The man stood. “Kate, please. For my sister... Please… I just want you to visit her. She really needs this.”
“Listen, freak: leave me the fuck alone.”
“I’m begging you. How can I convince you? Please…”
But Kate was already out the door with her order, the bells above the door ringing behind her.
* * *
“Have you heard from him?” Kate and her mother ate their takeout chicken on fine china in the oversized dining room.
“Roger?” Marnie answered. “No. He’s staying away. Staying quiet, I guess.”
“So what you’re saying is the next time you hear from him might be from his lawyer, evicting us.”
Marnie stared at her daughter. Kate kept eating her chicken.
“When did you get so mean?” her mother said.
“I’m not going to sugar-coat anything.”
They ate in silence for the rest of their meal.
* * *
Kate sat at her desk in her bedroom and flipped up the screen of her laptop computer, turning it on. She had nowhere to go to this Friday night. Wanda was with her boyfriend Boomer, and Sonia and Melanie were at some stupid chick-flick movie about teen lovers. Kate signed on to Facebook for the first time in months, and found herself staring at the two-year-old image of herself on vacation.
My eyes… Are they the same as that woman in those old photographs? I’m nothing like her. She was a farmer, and a caring mother, with kids who can’t let go of her after decades of her being dead.
Kate lowered her laptop screen. What am I doing? I’m getting to the bottom of this. Who the hell planned this ridiculous scheme?
Chapter 4
The doorbell rang. Kate’s eyes opened. What time is it? She looked at her alarm clock. 9:43 am.
It’s Saturday, goddamnit. They woke me. She shut her eyes to fall asleep. She wasn’t sure how much time elapsed, but the doorbell rang again.
“Mom!” she yelled from her bed.
Her mother didn’t answer.
Shit.
She waited for twenty seconds of eternity. Perhaps her mother would at least answer the front door. The doorbell rang a third time.
Ah, Christ…
She stood, threw a housecoat on over her pajamas and made her way down to the front door.
She stared through the peephole.
Standing on the other side, in his brown windbreaker, was Kev Anderwaith.
FML.
She opened the door. “What the hell do you want?” A breeze blew into the house, and she smelled his scent again.
“We need you,” he answered.
She despised the sound of his voice. It’s like he’s a caveman, and he’s just been thawed out after eons, and he’s only now learning how to talk. “Who put you and that old man up to this?”
“You mean Mac? Our son?”
“Jesus Christ,” Kate said with a laugh, “you’re really committed to this charade, aren’t you? Didn’t take you for a People Choice Award nominee.”
“Renee…”
“Don’t call me that,” Kate warned.
“She’s dying. Mac’s sister. She only has a few days. Maybe just hours. We just need you to visit her. To say goodbye.”
“To say goodbye? I don’t have time for this.”
“I know how you feel. I didn’t know these people before too. But even before Mac found me, I was having these memories. Sometimes dreams at night. All from someone else’s life. And you were there too. And now, every day, I remember more. At first, I didn’t know what was wrong with me. But when Mac found me, and he explained, it all just fell into place.”
“Okay. I think I’ve had my quota of excrement for the day. Goodbye.”
“I’ve been saving for a long time,” Kev said, as he pulled a wad of cash, inches thick, from his windbreaker pocket. A rubber band bound the money together.
Kate stopped the door from closing. “Is someone making a video of this?”
Kev put the cash in Kate’s hand. “Would it matter? You have the money now. You just have to drive out to Ashby with me. It’s a one hour drive, tops.”
Kate wanted to count the money. She needed this money. But she was afraid that this was all being caught on camera for some side-splitting YouTube clip that was about to go viral. “Is this drug money?”
“I did what I thought I had to. But that was before I started to remember. I don’t deal anymore.”
Kate searched his sleepy, lidded, light gray eyes. He seems too dumb to be hiding anything. “How much is this?”
“Four thousand dollars. I don’t know – you rich people – do you consider that a lot of money? I kept some for my mother and brother.”
“It’s a lot.”
“Just visit this lady. Pretend you remember. And then you can go back to your life, four thousand dollars richer.”
Kate saw the black Jeep in the driveway. “I’m just supposed to hop into your Jeep with you? How do I know what you’ll do to me?”
“I gave the money already. It’s yours. It took me years to save it, but now you have it. You leave it here. With your family. In your house. There’s no way I can get it back from you. I trust you. Now trust me.”
“Get back in your Jeep. And wait. I’m leaving this with my father.” That was a lie. For all Kate knew, she was alone in the house this morning. “And he’ll go put it in my bank account. You’ll never see this again.”
Kev just stared, saying nothing.
“I’ll let everyone know where I’m going. And with who. I’ll even tweet it. If I go missing, or something happens to me, they’ll know exactly where to find you.”
“Nothing will happen to you. We need to go now.”
“Just go wait. I’ll be back out in ten minutes.” Kate closed the door on him. She looked down at the money. It looked real. It felt real. What am I doing? But I’ve got this money. I could use this money. What the hell is going on?
She ran up the stairs to get ready.
* * *
Kate walked outside, her hair tied back. She felt a tad overdressed in her nicer pants and a designer top. But if there really is a dying woman to visit, I don’t want the last thing this wench sees be me in sweats with a slutty word stitched onto my ass.
Kev waited behind the wheel of the Jeep. Kate climbed into the passenger seat. God, I never thought I’d be boarding this jalopy voluntarily.
Kev turned to her. “Are you ready?”
Kate swallowed. She was scared. The money’s mine and it’s hidden. “Yes.”
Kev backed the Jeep out of the driveway. Kate looked up at their opulent house. Years ago, she had been so excited to move in, to finally become a part of Marnie and Roger’s fairytale union. She had felt like a princess that day, finally recognized as the royalty she knew she had always been. She had been so innocent. But she had been happy. She felt like she was saying goodbye just then. Goodbye to that day. Goodbye to that little girl.
Why am I feeling like this? Like it’s the last time I’ll ever see this place? What have I just agreed to?
The Jeep sped down her street. She felt eyes on her. She turned, and caught Kev, staring like a halfwit stalker. He looked away, back on the road ahead. “You did the right thing,” he said.
* * *
Kev and Kate did not speak until they were racing down a narrow highway, well outside of Sussex.
“I’ve never heard of this Ashbytown,” Kate said, breaking the silence.
“Ashby,” Kev corrected.
That fucking croaking is grating on my last nerve. “Whatever. I never heard of it.”
“I’ll take you home right after.”
They drove on the highway for an hour, and when it appeared to Kate that they were lost in endless farmland, they passed the Ashby town limits sign. Kev pulled onto a cracked street in desperate need of being repaved.
Ashby consisted of a church, and not much else. They drove through into what Kate guessed was their downtown. Where is everybody? They passed a corner store, and then a library. Does anybody still live here? She counted two pickup trucks, and both appeared out of commission, thirsting for the day, decades ago, when someone had last filled their tanks.
This place is creepier than Kev, if that’s even possible.
Kev drove into a circular driveway lined with trees. A sign read: “Ashby Care Home”. A handful of cars were parked in the small parking lot. Thank god, Kate thought. We’re not the only people in this ghost town. She looked up at the wide, three-story building. It had a year engraved into its brickwork: 1952.
Kev parked. “Pretend that you started to remember. For Angela’s sake. Just pretend.”
“You really want me to do this,” Kate responded. “You really want me to pretend to be her mother?”
“You are. Soon, you’ll remember.” Kev hopped out.
As they entered the building through sliding, glass doors, a female, middle-aged nurse looked up from the front desk. “Hi Kev,” she greeted. “Your family’s here already. Go right on in.”
He’s like a regular here.
They walked down the silent hallway. Five elderly people in white hospital gowns wandered, two rolling in wheelchairs. This place is giving me fucking chills. One woman, not more than five feet tall, and at least eighty years of age, looked up at her with fine, greasy hair, cut in a bob. The woman smiled, her face filled with confusion. Does she even know where she is? Or that she’s still alive? Kate looked away. This is the worst hole I’ve ever been to.
“The staff thinks you’re this Angela’s father too?”
Kev grinned.
“Wow, a smile,” Kate commented.
“You’re funny. You say a lot of things that make me smile.”
“Me, or this Renee chick?”
“You.”
Is he flirting? ‘Cause my stomach just turned.
“They all think I’m one of Angela’s great nephews.”
A door to their right was ajar, and Kev turned into the room. Kate followed. Is this even worth the money? On top of this entire scenario being bizzaro, I have to deal with being on the set from American Horror Story.
A group looked up from where they were seated, or standing. There was Mac, a couple about Mac’s age, a middle-aged man and a teenaged girl. Is that dress from Walmart? Just sad.
Everyone smiled. I want the hell out.
The adults in the room beamed at her. They had been waiting for her.
The fucking Shining over here...
Everyone surrounded a bed. Kate’s eyes fell on the dying shell of a colorless woman lying there with all manner of tubes protruding from her. Kate couldn’t help but think of her own grandmother then, dying alone in Florida.
The great Maitland Clift… reduced to this. Is this how she died? Is this how we all left her? In a dump like this?
“Hello Kate,” Mac said, standing. “Thank you.”
She felt all eyes in the room – all conscious eyes – borrowing a hole into her face.
“Let me introduce you to everyone,” Mac continued. “This is Carter, my brother.”
Kate turned toward the other gray-haired man now standing. He wore a tweed jacket. She could do nothing to curb the anxiety bubbling inside. Carter was all smiles, like he knew her, like he expected something from her. Like he owned a piece of her.
I want to tell him to fuck off.
Air couldn’t enter her nose, or her mouth. Muscles seized, as if bracing for an attack. The room was dry. Her face heated. Am I losing consciousness? She turned from everyone. And fled.
“Kate?” she heard someone call as she continued her escape. I’m getting out. I don’t give a shit about the money. Why did I even agree to this? What is wrong with me? How did I get so desperate? Jesus Christ.
She was past the sliding doors. That inbred ape better not be following me. I’ll kick him in the balls.
She was in the parking lot. How the hell am I going to get home? I’m stuck here.
She made her way to the black Jeep. I hate him!
She slammed the hood of the Jeep. “Fuck!” she shouted. “Fuck!”
She stood there, her heart racing. She was saddled. Trapped.
The front doors to the building slid opened, and Kev sauntered out.
Kate looked at him with pure hatred in her eyes. “Get me home now,” she demanded.
Kev kept approaching, his face a barren, blank canvas.
He is so stupid. “Hurry up!” she shouted.
“What’s wrong?”
“Why would you take me to this hole!” she yelled. “This is…”
Her voice cracked. She stopped herself. Am I about to cry? Why would I want to cry?
“What’s going on?” he asked.
“Get me home,” she managed, without breaking down.
“I just need you in there for one minute. One minute. That’s all I ask.”
“They all want something from me. And they’re all fucking gross.”
“You just have to talk to her. Only her.”
“Who?”
“Angela.”
Kate eyed Kev with revulsion. “She’s already fucking dead. Have you checked her pulse lately? I mean, come on.”
Kev paused, allowing Kate to catch her breath. “No one will talk to you,” he said. “They won’t even look at you. Just her. Just talk to her.”
“Why? Why does she need me to talk to her?”
“I don’t know. She thinks she did something to you. In our other life.”
“Lives,” Kate corrected him. “What do you assholes think she did to me?”
“Nobody knows. And I don’t remember. She thinks she betrayed you somehow.”
“Can’t you see how this is all so insane? These old farts who all think we’re their mother and father?”
“It is strange. But I’m remembering. And you’re not. So it’s weirder for you. I wish I could make it easier. I’m sorry.”
What a moron.
Kev allowed more silence between them, before continuing with, “You were close to her. That I remember. You and Angela... you had a bond. From the day she was born. You’d stare at her for hours. You called her Angel.”
“Take me home.”
“I won’t.”
Fucker.
“Not until after you spend one minute with her. One minute for four thousand dollars. Not a bad deal.”
He’s got some nerve. I’ll slap him. “Don’t leave me alone in there.”
“Thank you,” he grunted back.
“Let’s just get this over with.”
Kev led the way. Outside Angela’s room, he made a lazy gesture for her to stop and wait outside, and he entered the room by himself. She heard him grunt a few things. No one said anything back. She just heard people shuffling out of their seats, attempting to be as quiet as possible. She looked away from the door as everyone spilled out of the room.
“Okay,” she heard Kev croak. That was her cue. This is ridiculous.
She entered the room, and heard Kev shuffle in behind her. The door shut, making a click sound.
Kate regarded the body in the bed, as she took a few steps closer.
“Angela,” Kev whispered from behind, with so much caring in his voice, it startled Kate as she stood over the old woman.
The woman opened her eyes, and her gaze searched the room, her surroundings. She found Kate’s stare. Her faded green eyes focused. On Kate. They turned glassy, pooling water. She said nothing, for a full five seconds, her gaze never shifting from Kate.
“He found you.” The old woman’s voice pierced right through the dead air. “I knew Mac would find you.”
Her wrist shot up, and her ancient fingers ensnared Kate’s hand, jolting her. Angela attempted to pull her in. Kate’s reaction was to yank back.
“I just want to see you up close,” Angela said, her head remaining rested on the pillow. “Oh gosh. You are just as beautiful. You are just as beautiful.”
Kate stared back into the dying woman’s eyes.
“Thank you for coming,” the old woman continued. “I know it wasn’t easy for you. This is the last place you want to be right now. And I know I don’t deserve this moment. But I don’t care. Because we will never get to be in the same place at the same time. Together. And I never got a chance to tell you this. And I need to tell you.” She tightened her hold on Kate’s palm. “I’m sorry.” She was crying. “I’m sorry, mom.”
Kate just stared. What am I supposed to say? That idiot forgot to tell me what to say.
She couldn’t avoid the pain in the woman’s eyes. This could be my grandmother lying here. She squeezed the woman’s hand, and tried her best to smile. “I forgive you.”
Angela’s eyes searched hers. In disbelief. As if Kate had lost her mind.
Am I supposed to say something else? What? “I forgave you a long time ago,” Kate continued.
Angela kept looking into her eyes.
Somebody say something.
“I didn’t know,” Angela replied. “I never knew.”
Finally. Now what? “I forgave you the moment you thought you wronged me.”
Angela’s eyes closed, and she whimpered like a child. Kate turned away, and caught Kev’s stare, surprised by the tears in his own gray eyes.
“What I did was terrible,” Angela said.
“It wasn’t your fault,” Kate lied, turning back.
“Don’t you remember? Don’t you remember what I did?”
“Yes,” Kate continued to lie. “But what does it really matter? Right now… I’m just… so happy...” She found herself reaching out her free hand and touching the old woman’s hair. “There’s nothing you could ever do that would keep me away.”
Angela attempted again to pull her in and hug her with her other arm. Kate moved in close to allow her.
“I love you, angel,” Kate whispered. “And I need this moment too. With you.” She moved back. “You rest now.”
Angela held onto her hand. “Don’t leave me.”
“I’m not going anywhere. I’ll just be outside the room.”
Kate walked past Kev, keeping her eyes on the door.
In the hallway, everyone waited. Mac looked at her with so much kindness, it was killing her.
She stopped. “I think…” she stuttered as she ran a hand against her own hair, some of which had become loose from the elastic tying it back. “I think she’s okay now.”
“Thank you,” Mac said.
“I told her I’d stay for a bit.”
“Let us buy you something to eat,” Mac offered. “The both of you.”
* * *
A stern woman worked behind a soup counter in the dim cafeteria. The Weaver family were the only patrons as they carried food trays with mushroom soup, crackers and cups of water over to the same table. No one sat near Kate. Everyone gave her a wide space at the long table, including Kev.
“This is Carter,” Mac said, gesturing to the gray-haired man in the tweed jacket. “He’s our brother.”
Kate looked at Carter to be polite. He was radiating at her.
“His wife is Marie,” Mac continued.
Carter’s wife Marie, who sat beside him, smiled, doing her best to contain her joy.
Mac looked toward the middle-aged man in a suit jacket and jeans. He was handsome, with well-kept, brown hair, a strong chin and broad shoulders. He also looks like a farmer, Kate thought.
“This is Declan,” Mac went on. “He’s my son.” Mac turned to the teenaged girl with the black hair in a ponytail. “And this is Lois, Declan’s daughter and my granddaughter.”
Kate just nodded and then watched as they all attempted to eat the soup.
“We used to sing,” Carter said. “At the table.”
Kate looked in his direction, horrified.
Mac shot Carter a look. “Carter… let’s just give Kate some time. Some breathing room.”
“It’s just…” Carter began. He sounded choked up. “I know it’s her.”
 “She needs time,” Mac advised.
“Do you remember us?” Carter asked, pointblank.
“Carter…” Mac objected.
“No,” Kate replied.
Everyone went quiet, before going back to their soup. Kate never touched hers. She just sat there. And then everyone headed back toward the room. A nurse told them to wait outside in the hall; a doctor was checking on Angela.
They moved to a waiting room and looked up at a television mounted on the wall. The news was on. Kate sat down. And drifted, falling asleep.
She felt a hand on her shoulder. She opened her eyes. It was a woman. In a lab coat. Kate read her name tag: “Dr. Logan”.
“She’s asking for you,” Dr. Logan said. “It won’t be long now.”
Kate turned to Kev. His dim-witted, gray eyes stared back, as if he had been gawking at her the entire time she was asleep. She focused on the rest of the family who were all scrutinizing her as well. There now were six more people. Cousins and nieces and nephews, Kate thought. And they all think I’m back from the dead. Freaks. All of them.
Kate’s gaze fell on Mac. He’s the only sane person here, even though he is the one heading this coconut club. “It’s all right,” Mac assured her. “If you’re not okay…”
Don’t they realize they’re all risking that the last person their dying loved one sees is a complete stranger. That they all just met. And everyone is okay with this?
“I’m all right,” Kate muttered and she stood to follow the doctor.
Inside the room, the lights were off. Machines beeped, glowing their numbers. Angela’s eyes were closed. The door shut with care behind Kate.
She stood in the dark, saying nothing. I should have been in a place like this months ago. Not with this stranger. It’s a crime…
She moved a chair toward Angela’s bed and sat down. One of Angela’s hands lay close to her so Kate took it, and held it. Tears formed in her eyes.
“Maybe I could have done something for you,” she found herself saying. But this wasn’t her grandmother lying here. “I could have made sure you weren’t alone.”
The old hand gripped hers, startling Kate, and then let go, falling to sleep again. Kate continued to hold on. For what seemed like hours. She placed her left arm against the bed’s metal railing and rested her head upon it.
She fell asleep. Hours could have come and vanished.
“You found each other,” a voice said.
Kate raised her head. In the dark, Angela’s green eyes were staring at her.
“You and dad found each other again,” Angela continued. “I’m happy. You’ll always be together. Forever.”
Kate just smiled at her.
“It’s going to get very bad,” Angela said, her eyes focusing with more intensity, “and you’re the only one that can stop it. I know that now.”
The hair on Kate’s neck stood. “What’s going to get bad?”
Angela squeezed her hand. “It will all end in this life you have now. Everything will collide in this life. I know that now.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Tears pooled Angela’s eyes. “We were loved. We were all so loved. And we felt it every day. Goodbye mom.”
The heart monitor flat lined, emitting a continuous beep. Kate turned to it, then back to Angela. Angela’s eyes remained open, dead, as tears ran down her cheeks. The door burst open, stillness a memory. Nurses flooded the room. Kate stood, stepping back. A light blasted on. She turned, disoriented. Kev was there. She reached for him, closing her eyes against the alarming brightness, and fell into him, wrapping her arms around him. He enclosed his own around her. He felt strong, steady, warm. She didn’t want to open her eyes.
And she cried. He didn’t let go. Kate had never felt so sad. And so lost.
She pushed him back. “Sorry,” she mumbled, and then she pivoted toward the wall.
“It’s fine, Kate.”
She didn’t look at him. She backed away. “I need to go. I need to get out of here. I did my part.”
* * *
It was night outside as Kev drove Kate back to Sussex. They said nothing to one another. Exhaustion had made a home of Kate’s body. Of her mind. She hungered sleep, but her eyes refused to shut. Dim sun rays broke through from above as Kev pulled onto Kate’s street. When he stopped, Kate popped out.
“You can get some sleep now,” Kev said in his hoarse voice.
Without facing him, she attempted a smile, and then shut the door.
As she walked up the steps to her house, she never looked back, but she knew that Kev remained, making sure she could get back inside her home. As she locked the front door behind her, she heard the Jeep pull away.
Chapter 5
Her eyes opened. She turned her head in her pillow and stared up at the ceiling. She had had strange dreams, and they had seemed so real.
I was dreaming of Mac and that goddamn family. And that moron, Kev.
Who the fuck is Kev?
Some family guy?
I don’t want to think about him anymore.
Kate pulled on an old sweatshirt and some comfortable jeans; something she would never be caught dead wearing in public but it was Sunday and she needed to relax. She wouldn’t do anything today. Not after the day she had yesterday. Maybe she’d watch a movie on HBO or order one on Apple TV. She tied her hair back with a hair tie.
She made her way downstairs. “Mom?”
There was no answer.
“Mom?” she called again.
Still nothing. She must be out.
She was alone in the house. She stepped into the kitchen, and poured herself a bowl of Life cereal. She felt restless. Maybe I could go for a drive, clear my head.
She opened the side door into the garage, and moved down the two steps as her eyes fell on Roger’s old, baby blue, pick-up truck, and her mother’s yellow Corvette. I’m not driving that banana. That harlot took the Lexus SUV. She didn’t want everyone recognizing that midlife crisis on wheels as she sinned away.
The pick-up truck it would have to be.
Kate went back inside the kitchen and grabbed the keys hanging on the wall. I’m just going for a ride anyway. At least this thing has a radio.
But as she backed out of the garage, she didn’t turn on any music. She wasn’t sure why but she didn’t want it. Her heart was racing. Jesus, what is this? I feel like maybe I should run a marathon. Maybe then I’d be able to relax.
They won’t expect me to go to that Angela’s funeral, will they? I meant the four grand for the visit only. And that’s all I’m doing. So weird. I don’t want to think about it anymore.
I don’t want to think about any of them anymore.
Especially that creature. Probably lives in some kind of brothel. Sleeps all day so he can sell drugs all night.
She drove onto Saint Germaine, a road which cut a swath through Sussex farmland.
She was driving to the Dell.
I have to see how that animal lives.
She had never been inside the Dell before.
When the wire fence alongside the road ended, Kate turned the pickup truck onto a narrow, dirt path.
This is it.
The old ship was perfect for this terrain. Kate was soon driving down a steep, bumpy trail which ran under tall forest trees. The sun was almost shut out, and she drove in near darkness, the sun’s few penetrating wisps leading the way ahead. Everyone in Sussex at some point in their teenage years found out about this place, but few set foot inside.
The Dell.
Kate had been told that the entire Dell had once been the property of a local farmer who had allowed artists and painters, decades ago, to camp with tents and swim in the nearby ponds, and Welby Lake. In the nineteen sixties, a group of hippies and addicts and homeless had camped one summer and never left. Everyone in Sussex believed that the families who lived here now were descendants of these dropouts. A local man named McAllister had since purchased the land and built a few homes in the nineteen seventies and eighties and rented these to Dell families. Law abiding, Sussex citizens also knew that gangs and drug dealers made their home in the Dell. Kate pondered if this was perhaps the most unwise decision she had ever made. She braked in the wilderness for a few seconds; enough time to lock all her doors.
Up ahead, an eight-year-old boy, shirtless, barefoot, and in jean cut-offs, pedaled a bike made of parts from various vehicles. She halted the truck again and lowered her window.
He stopped, standing and staring up at her.
“Hey,” Kate said. “Do you know where I can find Kev Anderwaith?”
The boy made a confused face. “You know you should just page him.”
Now Kate was the one who was confused. “He has a pager?”
“Yeah.”
Of course, Kate thought. He’s a drug dealer. This kid thinks I’m trolling for drugs. “No, no,” she said, shaking her head. “I just want to know where he lives.”
“Can’t help you.” The kid rode off the way Kate had come.
Shit.
Kate continued driving, and growing more nervous. She moved her window up. What if that Josie banshee sees me? She’ll rip me apart.
She came upon a wooden ruin. Rotting. Okay, I think I just found the Blair Witch.
She kept going. She saw a camper trailer up ahead. Rust eating it alive. It’s like the Winnebago from Breaking Bad. Then another shack; this one a livable cottage, with a man in a grease stained T-shirt and jeans, hunched over the engine of a twenty-year-old Honda Accord. He stared back, his face bone thin. She drove on. I should turn around. Why aren’t there more houses? Jesus, why am I doing this?
She saw a black Jeep approaching. Her heart slammed against her chest. Oh Christ. I just wanted to see where he lived – not actually see him. Or him to know I came here. Fuck. Tell me again why I’m here?
The Jeep stopped, blocking her way, and forcing her to halt herself. She couldn’t maneuver a turn and drive off now without him knowing that she had come here; that it was her in the pick-up truck.
Kev got out.
I want to burn that brown windbreaker.
Kate stayed where she was. She didn’t even lower her window as he came up to the driver’s door. He’s alone. Thank god. Not with those mutants. She felt a tad safer then, but no less mortified.
He grinned. “Hi.”
Kate looked away. “Can you move your Jeep so I can get out of here?”
“I can barely hear you. Can you roll down your window?”
Kate lowered the window a smidgen, still refusing to look at him. “Can you move? I need to get out of here.”
“Why are you here?”
“I took a wrong turn.”
Kev grinned. “And the wrong ride.”
Kate kept her gaze straight ahead. “It’s my mother’s husband’s. For fishing and stupid stuff.”
“I like it. Evan told me you were looking for me. Or for where I lived to be more accurate. He thought you might be desperate for some…” Kev stopped himself.
“Drugs,” Kate said, finishing his sentence as she stared into his dim eyes for just a moment, before shifting her gaze away again. “That little shit. What is he? Your lookout? Can’t believe you would put a kid that little in harm’s way.”
“I’m trying to change. And everyone on the way to my house is a lookout. I’ve gotten three calls since you drove in.”
“What would Mac and the cast of Cocoon think of you if they knew what you really are?”
“Mac knows a bit. And I would never put Evan in any kind of danger. It’s just what he does. He likes having his own cell phone. But that changes today. I’ll make that change today.”
“Are you going to stop dealing today too?”
“I’m trying to put it all together. Come this summer, we’re not going to live here anymore; that’s all I know.”
“And this is all because of Mac and Carter and Angela? And what they told you?”
“Because I know now who I really am.”
Kate said nothing.
“Kate, follow me. Okay? You can tell me why you’re here. Or not. And if you have any questions about our past life.”
Kate grimaced.
“Or my life now,” Kev continued. “You can ask me anything.”
“Lead the way.”
Kev got back inside his Jeep, and turned it around. As they moved down the trail, a modest cottage appeared on their left, camouflaged under trees, and then another on their right.
People are on the edge of poverty here, Kate thought. But it’d be a good place to hide if you were trying to get away from the world. Or if the world wanted you away, wanted you hidden, never having to be reminded of you again.
Everything was shaded from the sun’s main rays, giving it a feeling of calm dusk and casting everything in a golden glow. Kev pulled in before a ramshackle cottage, built from pieces of other builds. He jumped out. Kate stopped the truck and stepped out herself.
“Let’s go inside,” Kev said. “Have some coffee.”
They walked up the overgrown, front area of the house’s property. This cabin was just plunked down right in the middle of the wild, with no forethought whatsoever.
Kev pushed open the narrow front door and ducked his tall frame to walk inside. With every move he made, the entire structure made a loud cracking sound. Kate followed. She saw that they had just stepped into some miniature, joke version of a living room, with a fifty-inch, flat screen television set invading the entire space like a bloated dictator, hung on a wall about to collapse from its weight. There was a kitchenette attached to the living room where a woman in her thirties was wiping down a cracked linoleum counter top. She smiled up at Kate, her face bright. Kate saw the deep lines leading to her eyes and mouth. This is a woman who’s lived hard.
“You brought a friend,” she said, now smiling at Kev. She glanced at Kate again. “Oh Kev, she’s lovely.”
Kate felt claustrophobic. I want to run from this shoebox. This woman is freaking me out. Maybe even repulsing me.
“Mom, Kate,” Kev introduced. “Kate, this is my mom.”
“Call me Laurette.”
“Okay,” Kate replied.
“Would you like a cup of coffee?” Laurette asked. “I just made a fresh pot.”
“Sure.” What’s my escape plan here?
Laurette poured black tar into mismatched mugs from the nineteen-eighties. “I’ll leave you two alone. I’ve got some laundry to fold upstairs.”
There’s an upstairs?
“Kev!” A boy of six exploded into the room, making Kate jump.
“Hey Ben,” Kev said with a smile.
“I didn’t know you were up!”
Didn’t you hear the house almost split in half?
“It is past three in the afternoon,” Kev responded.
“Who’s this?” Ben asked, now staring up at Kate.
Kate attempted to smile. Ben had light brown hair and didn’t look a thing like Kev.
“Let’s go, Ben,” Laurette said. “Kev and Kate want some of their own time. You can have Kev all to yourself tonight.”
“Where were you yesterday?” Ben asked Kev. “You were gone all day.”
“I’ll tell you all about it later.” Kev took the two mugs from his mother. He smiled at Kate.
That smile startles me. He’s like this whole secret person that no one knows about.
“Let’s go for a walk,” he said.
“Okay.” Kate felt a wave of relief. Now she wouldn’t have to put her desperate breakout plan into action.
As she walked outside, Kev handed her one of the ceramic mugs. “Careful, hot.” He sat against a large rock. “Here.”
He expects me to sit down on that mossy thing? God, these Dell people are just filthy.
She did anyway. Kev sipped his coffee; she didn’t know what to do so she took a sip herself. Amazing. “Whoa.”
“I know, right?”
When he smiles, his eyes don’t seem so dead. “Where did this coffee come from?”
“Mrs. Greenblatt. She roasts her own beans just down the road here. Everyone buys from her.”
“At school,” Kate began to ask, “why do you hide who you really are?”
“That I’ve lived hundreds of times before?”
“That you’re intelligent.”
“I’m not that smart.”
“No one even knew you could talk until this past week, and you always have this barely alive look in your eyes. Like the Walking Dead.”
“Maybe it’s just the way you see me. Ben and my mom don’t see me that way. People here don’t see me that way.” He moved and their shoulders brushed. “Sorry.” He was acting like she might lose it on him again, just like in class.
She caught his scent again. He smelled like a more intense version of this place. And of something else. Of aliveness. Strength. I don’t want to like that smell.
“You’re different too,” he continued. “From school.”
Kate hid her smile behind her mug as she moved it to take another sip, but the amused look in her eyes betrayed her. “How am I at school?”
“Cold. Indifferent. Bored.”
“And what makes you think I’m any different now?”
“Maybe you’re still all those things. But there’s something else.”
Kate wanted to change the subject. “Is Kev short for Kevin?”
“I think if it’s short for anything, only my father knows. My mom named me after him – first and last name – hoping he’d stick around. He didn’t. I don’t remember him.”
“But you remember past lives from the last century.”
“Maybe because they mean something to me.”
“What about your little brother?”
“Different deadbeat dad.”
“No more baby daddies in the picture?”
“No. For now, my mother is just trying to stay clean.”
“From what?”
“Meth.”
“Jesus.”
“She’s doing better.”
“And you deal drugs?”
“I know. I told you: I’m not that smart.”
“Have you ever given her any?”
“She knows what I do. But we don’t talk about it. And she never wanted me to know when she was using. Every time, she tries to hide it from me. She knows I hate it. She’s trying to change. Just like me.”
“Have you told her yet about what you believe? About your other lives?”
Kev eyed her sideways. “Are you making fun of me?”
“Kind of.”
“I don’t think she needs to know. It might make her feel like I don’t believe she’s really my mom. Is that weird?”
“Like she was just this vessel for you to come back through?”
“Yeah. I don’t want to take that mom part away from her. Everything always gets taken from her.”
“Not the best part.”
Kev took another sip.
“You’re a good kid to her. She must count her lucky stars every night.”
“Now I know you’re making fun of me.”
“Sincerity is one of my biggest pet peeves.”
Kev smiled, making Kate grin at her own joke.
“Why do you believe him? Mac?”
“Because I remember. I remember us. Bits and pieces come every day, and they come together after a while, and they make a bigger part. I remember times in our lives – the last life and some lives before that too.”
Kate’s gaze fell to the ground. Why does he keep talking this bullshit?
“I remember what we are. We’re souls, Kate, and we keep being reborn, and we always find each other. It’s like we were made… just for each other.”
“Is that what you say right before Josie drops her panties?”
“We can’t help it. It’s like magnets. It’s always been this way.”
“Don’t we get a say in the matter? What if I don’t like you in this life?”
“It’s who we are. It’s what makes us feel… like everything is put back together again. We’re part of the same thing, Kate. And we always come together. It’s been like that for you and me for a long, long time.”
“Why does it happen? Why do we keep coming back?”
“We always thought we were here... to help others.”
“Like do good deeds?”
“Yeah. And we have. Throughout time, we’ve done small things... amazing things.”
“I don’t even like people.”
“I know. I can’t remember you being like this before.”
“What else do you remember?”
“I remember that we loved the countryside. I remember laughing. You love to laugh. And music. We always had music around. And our kids. We loved our kids. I remember them so good. Mac, Angela, little Carter...” Kev trailed off, abandoning his own sentence.
“There’s more?” Kate was incredulous.
“We lost one.” He blinked. “A little girl.”
Kate saw a glistening sheen in his half-lidded eyes.
“Her name was Samantha. I don’t think you ever forgave me for trying to move on. You were never the same after that. I saw your hurt... your rage... for years after. I still see it. It’s still there, in your eyes.”
Kate couldn’t help it; her own eyes dampened. Am I empathizing with this meathead? “Do other people reincarnate in this wonderland of yours? Does Mac? Angela?”
“That’s the hardest part. When we lose our children, we lose them forever.”
Kate paused. “So supposedly, we’re the only ones.”
“I remember some others. People. They live from life to life, but in the same bodies. They just stay the same. They’re not reborn. I think they made a deal with someone. Something.”
“Like a devil?”
“Something like that. I’m just starting to remember knowing about them. That we had to hide from them.”
“I think I’ve reached my daily recommendation.”
“Gotcha.” He stood. “Let’s go for a walk.” 
I should go home, Kate thought. I don’t like how I just blindly follow this lug everywhere.
“We can just leave our mugs here,” Kev added.
They entered the thick forest behind Kev’s home, the breeze touching Kate’s skin. My heart. It’s accelerating. It must be the coffee. I’m not excited to be around this creature, am I? No way. Why am I even here?
The sun was setting, draping a faded gold through the tree branches high above. 
Something fell from Kev’s jacket, hitting the ground. “Shoot.”
Kate reached down before him, and pinched something shiny. She examined it in her hand: a thin, silver chain. Attached was a flat, silver medallion: blank on one side, and engraved on the other.
Kate stared at the engraving. It was lengthy, and ended with: “Love, Josie.”
“Oh, god,” she blurted. “It’s from Josie.”
Kev stared back with horror. His eyes had never looked more alive.
“Let me read this out loud; it’ll be hilarious.”
Kev reached to snatch it. “Give it back.”
But Kate moved her hand, smirking. “Let me just read the beginning.” She stepped back as she read the first line. “It’s not normal to feel like this. I’m not normal.” She burst out laughing.
Kev reached again, and caught her wrist. “Give it.”
“Wanda has to see this,” Kate said, and she twisted her arm away.
And ran. She ran for her life. Through the woods. Trailing laughter in her wake. She could feel him right behind her. He was catching up. She had always believed she was a good runner, but Kev was faster.
She came upon a body of water. She didn’t care; she ran right in. He’ll never go in this muck after me. And I’m going to read this entire engraved hooey from the middle of this pond while he stands on the shoreline, tortured. I love it.
She heard him splash in after her.
That fucker.
The pond deepened, going up to her chest. A large hand grappled her arm and shoved her around. Kev was now without his brown windbreaker, his black T-shirt hugging his chest and biceps. I won’t go down without a fight.
She leapt onto him, knocking him backward.
“Jesus Christ!” he exclaimed, as he steadied himself. Kate’s legs enclosed around his chest and back like boa constrictors. “You’re crazy!” He seized her arms. “Give it back. Have some respect.”
“Did you even read what she wrote?” Kate countered. “She doesn’t even have respect for herself.”
He released one arm, and her face fell forward. Her free hand flew up and landed against his chest, stopping her from falling further, and making her nose and lips brush against his neck. His skin was still dry, and his scent of wind and trees so strong, so peaceful. In that split second, Kate didn’t want to move, but she did, lest she betray herself. Her cheek rubbed against his. She felt him move.
A feeling of loss washed over her. What? My control? An opportunity?
She placed her lips against his. His lips were warm, salty.
His lips kissed back. As if deprived.
Her free arm moved around his neck.
His warm breath entered her mouth.
She felt her wet jeans hugging her inner thighs, and her soaked sweatshirt, clinging to her navel.
His tongue touched hers as he carried her out of the pond.
The next thing she knew, he was laying her down on the ground, as he yanked her soaked sweatshirt off.
She felt released, her bare stomach and shoulders revealed to the cold air.
His T-shirt was now gone as if reading her mind. She pulled on him and felt his dripping chest just inches from hers, his hard stomach brushing hers. She ran her lips down his neck. She wasn’t scared. She would have been if she hadn’t wanted him like this.
She brought her lips back to his as she ran her hands down his solid, broad shoulders.
One of Kev’s rough hands moved up her stomach, her torso, nearing her bra. And stopped.
She opened her eyes, as he stood.
“I can’t,” he said. “I can’t. You don’t remember.” He offered a hand to help her up.
“Okay,” she mumbled, attempting her best to trap the mayhem running wild within her.
He handed over her sweatshirt and she flipped it on.
“Maybe we can grab a bite to eat,” he suggested. He now had his T-shirt on as well. “Back at our place.”
“Whatever.” Kate followed him into the woods. I need to clear my head.
He reached back with one hand, and Kate just stared at it. What does he want me to do? Hold his hand?
She took it. I’m not thinking straight. His rough hand gripped hers. Fuck… that feels good. I don’t like this.
Kev snagged his windbreaker off the ground as they continued into the darkening woods.
I don’t like what I’m feeling inside. It’s like a glimmer.
Is this what people feel when they say they’re happy? Does it last? How can it? Not between someone like me, and someone like him. Tomorrow, at school, it’ll be like this never happened.
Her mind went blank then, for a moment, and she tightened her hold on his hand. He squeezed hers back. Can’t I enjoy this? Can’t I just let myself enjoy this? After today, I’ll let him go. I can totally let him go.
They continued walking under the tall trees, saying nothing more.
When they came up to his house, his mother was watering her makeshift flower garden with a rusted, robin’s egg, watering can. She smiled as she saw them holding hands.
“Can you stay for dinner?” she asked.
“I’m not sure I can,” Kate answered.
A gray SUV pulled into the driveway, sending up dirt clouds.
Kate ripped her hand from Kev’s.
“Hey!” Shaun exclaimed, jumping out from the passenger seat.
More of Kev’s crew hopped down from the SUV, including a tall man from the driver’s seat. He appeared older than the rest; perhaps in his twenties. Maybe even thirties. He had long black hair down to his shoulders, a black, leather overcoat and the bluest eyes Kate had ever seen. TV blue – like a CGI effect.
“What she doing here?” Shaun asked, grinning at Kate. Kate was nauseated, wanting to vomit the feeling away.
“Who is this?” Kev asked, eyeing the man in the black overcoat.
“He wanted me to bring him to you,” Shaun replied.
The man smiled at Kate, undressing her with his eyes. A chill crystallized up her spine.
“I have to go,” she said.
“Just hold on,” Kev muttered.
She was off, ignoring him. Kev reached out. “Kate.”
She turned to him. “This was a big, big mistake,” she seethed under her breath. “You’re not done with these people. I’ll let you get back to business.”
“I’ve got to tie up loose ends,” Kev whispered back. “I can’t just walk away.”
“Obviously,” Kate said. She moved away, feeling all eyes on her.
“Girl, don’t leave now,” Shaun called out. “This party’s just getting started!”
Kate heard chuckles as she climbed into her pick-up. How awkward and scared do I look? She was quick to slam the door and lock it. I am scared. And I don’t care if they know. Those savages better let me leave.
She started the truck’s engine. Kev, who had neared her door, stepped back, his stare never leaving her. Kate looked away, putting the pick-up in reverse.
Shaun and his boys rushed the truck. Fuck. They pounded on the hood, the doors. Kate’s hairs stood on end. She was terrified. And furious. How dare you make me feel this way. I’ll run you all over.
She swerved her truck onto the trail. And pushed the pedal down, rocks and dirt spanking the underside of the truck.
She steadied her trembling hands by gripping the steering wheel. She looked in the rearview mirror. No one was following her.
Kev is dangerous. He’s not good. He’s not good for me. I’m never coming back to this shanty town.
She raced the pickup out of the woods, her body bobbing up and down on the bumpy terrain. She made it into the dusk sky, relief soothing her. She turned onto Saint Germaine.
Red light flickered off of her rear view mirror. She focused on the reflection, and saw a police cruiser tailing her, its siren lights flashing.
She pulled over, alongside the farming field.
She looked in her rear view mirror again. A tall, slim, uniformed police officer stepped out of the now stationary cruiser. Sheriff Cogan had been a friend of her father’s when her father still lived in Sussex, and her mother had known Cogan since childhood.
She lowered her window. And sat back, waiting.
“Why were you in there?” the sheriff asked, nearing her window.
“I have a friend,” Kate replied, not intimidated.
“You do know what happens in there, don’t you?”
“I can take care of myself.”
“There’s guns in there, Kate. Don’t go back. No one can protect you in that place.”
Kate didn’t have the energy to argue. And her instincts had been right. I was a genius to get out when I did.
“All right, I won’t go back,” Kate conceded. “You have my word.”
Sheriff Cogan eyed her with zero confidence. “Okay, good. Kate, please... there’s a lot of movement right now. Maybe a change in management. Smartest thing you’ll ever do is to stay away from the people in there.”
“Got it. Can I go?”
“Sure.”
Kate started her engine and rolled away. She looked in her rear view mirror. Sheriff Cogan was still staring at her.
What the hell did he mean? Movement? Is someone trying to move in on the Dell drug business? Competition? And that creep that Shaun was trying to get Kev to talk to... Is he involved?
Whatever the ‘movement’ was, it was obvious that Kev was stuck right in the middle of it.
I sure know how to pick ‘em, Kate thought. I’m never going back.
* * *
As she pulled into the house garage, Kate saw that her mother was still out. Maybe she’s planning to move into that lothario’s house that she’s cheating on Roger with.
She microwaved one of the diet frozen dinners Marnie kept well stocked for herself. For someone who consults restaurants, mom sure eats a lot of garbage.
She ate alone in the dark, silent, oversized kitchen. Oversized in that only three people lived in this house. And with Roger MIA, only two people lived here now. Her mother preferred to eat every night in the dining room, but that large table was too formal for Kate tonight.
I feel lost.
After this busy, overcrowded, emotion-filled weekend, it was jarring to be right back where she was last week: living in a massive house all by herself.
The front door opened.
And someone stepped into the main hallway, and then walked to the kitchen. The light came on.
“Oh...” Marnie said. “You scared me. What were you doing eating in the dark?”
“I guess I didn’t bother with the lights,” Kate replied.
“What did you do today?”
“What did you do?” Kate’s tone was accusing.
Marnie reddened. “I went to Waterfalls for a spa. I had a facial.”
“I thought we were supposed to be saving money.”
“Not for essentials. We can’t let ourselves completely go. So, have you and Cole patched things up? You know, it’d be nice if he took you to the fundraiser next week. Wanda’s mother showed me a picture of Wanda’s dress on her phone. You shouldn’t let her upstage you.”
“Who cares,” Kate responded.
“I care,” Marnie countered.
“I don’t.”
“Why are you always so angry?”
“I’m not angry. I’m tired. I’m just sick and tired.”
“What could you possibly be sick and tired of? You have the very best of everything; I’ve made sure of that.”
“The best of what? This house? It’s not the best of everything; I don’t care how much Roger paid for it. This entire life. Our lives. Everything. It’s all empty. Mom, our lives are so empty. We don’t have anything.”
“I can never have a normal conversation with you; you just keep blaming me for everything.”
“I do blame you. You kept me from Grandmother. You kicked Dad out. Blaine left to live with Dad because he couldn’t take it anymore.”
“Your brother is younger. He wanted his father. How could I stop him? You have turned into such a spoiled brat.”
“Mom, look at you. Look at you. You do everything you can to yourself to stop from getting old. And it’s horrifying. You look ridiculous.”
Marnie glared at Kate as if she had just been slapped in the face. Tears came to her eyes. “That’s the worst thing anyone’s ever said to me.”
“I’m going to bed.” Kate picked up her empty microwave dinner container to trash it, and then moved toward the dishwasher to place her fork inside.
“You don’t know everything,” Marnie said. “You weren’t old enough. I had a hard go of it too. Your father was never around. I was only trying to survive. You don’t know what it feels like to have a broken heart. To find yourself abandoned. We’re all we have left now. Each other. That’s it.”
“I’m all I have left.”
Marnie looked on, defeated.
“I’m all I’ve ever had,” Kate continued. “I’ve been taking care of myself my entire life.”
She walked past her mother. She was going to bed.
Chapter 6
It took all her willpower to lift her head from her pillow to make out what time it was on her alarm clock. Almost eight am. Monday morning. School. I don’t want to move.
Her mother never came to get her. And she went right back to sleep.
She woke. It was afternoon. She recalled strange dreams. And she felt something she hadn’t felt since she was a little girl. She was ashamed of it.
Lonely.
It made her feel weak.
She went downstairs, into the kitchen, and poured Life cereal and milk into a bowl. She carried the bowl and a spoon back upstairs to her room, propped a pillow on her bed against the wall, and then sat up against it, using her TV remote to turn on her twenty-four inch television. She ate as she watched a home decorating show. When she was done with her cereal, she placed the bowl on her night table, her limbs, and then her entire body, weighing her down. She lay her head on her pillow, and fell asleep again.
She woke a few times, always from dreams that left her feeling foggy, and sad. Like something had come to an end. Something she’d never be able to get back to.
No return.
She’d sneak downstairs now and then to grab something to eat and then watched television until she felt heavy again, and she went back to sleep.
By Wednesday morning, her mother still had not checked in on her. But with all my moving around, she must know that I’m in the house.
Maybe she’s finally moved in with her new man. Revolting.
She watched talk shows for the rest of the morning. I have to get dressed. I have to go back to school. I can’t lose my scholarship to Harvard. This isn’t some kind of depression, is it?
She just wanted to disappear. Just for a little bit.
There was a knock at her bedroom door.
So now she wants to check in on me?
She got up, and as she pulled the door open, she saw the brown windbreaker, and then looked up to see Kev’s heavy-lidded, translucent stare.
“How did you get in here?” Kate asked, reprimanding the world. Jesus, my hair’s matted and I’m wearing pajamas that could be the cleaning lady’s wash rags. I’d rather he saw me naked than this. My life is totally in the shitter.
“Your mother,” he answered.
“She’s home?” I’m going to kill Marnie.
“Yes.”
Wow. Does she not see how dangerous this missing link looks? And she let a complete stranger up here. Cole isn’t even allowed on this floor. “I can’t believe her.” She did this on purpose; she wanted him to see me like this.
“She seemed worried about you. I told her I was worried too.”
Marnie couldn’t resist those broad shoulders. But come on, those eyes belong to a serial killer.
“Can I come in?”
“Into my bedroom?” Kate was appalled.
“I just need five minutes.”
“You always just need five minutes.” She moved back to permit him entry.
“I just need to make sure you’re okay.”
“Why?”
“You haven’t been to school in three days.”
“You haven’t been to school in months.”
“It’s unusual for you.”
“I’m going back tomorrow.” Kate sat down on her bed. “So you can go now.”
“You’re not okay.”
“I’m not comfortable with you being here. I’d like you to leave.”
“Okay.” Kev turned to go.
Something tugged at her. “You probably went to the funeral.”
Kev faced her. “I just came back from it.”
“They didn’t invite me; Mac had enough sense to leave me the fuck alone.”
“He doesn’t want to bother you anymore.”
“But you do.”
“I want to know that you’re okay.”
The sincerity in his voice caught Kate off guard; she had nothing witty to say back. “I’m confused,” she managed. “That’s why I haven’t been to school. I have no fucking clue what I’m feeling. Do I feel angry? Creeped out? Betrayed?”
“Afraid?” Kev added.
“I was going to say empty.”
“Why?”
“Why do you care?”
“I don’t know.”
“I feel sad,” Kate admitted. “And I don’t know why. Like maybe I should cry.”
“It’s okay to cry.”
“No, it’s not.”
“Why? Because you feel something?”
“I don’t want feel anything.”
“You can’t leave me to feel all this stuff by myself.”
She felt a pang in her chest. Did he just say that? She had to move so she stood. She reached into her closet, into a coat, and pulled out the wad of cash from Saturday. She held it out for him. “I don’t want this. You have a mother to take care of. And a little brother. I don’t need it.”
“Put it down.”
Kate remained how she was.
“For now,” Kev added.
Kate put the money down onto her night table.
“You need to eat,” Kev continued. “You don’t look so good.”
“You sure know how to talk to a girl. Make her feel nice.”
“I’ll take you somewhere. Just come. And then I’ll let you be.”
“You keep saying that.”
* * *
Inside Sara’s Chicken Diner, Kev and Kate sat in a booth, across from one another. Kate was now in an old sweatshirt and sweatpants, as she devoured her chicken and fries. If anyone she knew walked in just now, she wouldn’t know what she would be more horrified with: someone seeing her look the way she did today, or seeing her pigging out like an animal. Or maybe it would be discovering her with someone like Kev Anderwaith.
She put her plastic utensils down. Kev’s eyes never left her. He looks so serious. Concerned.
He hadn’t touched his chicken yet. Kate took a drink from her paper cup of water.
“You’re making me feel uncomfortable,” she said, putting her cup down.
“I’m sorry.” Kev looked away. “Your father doesn’t live in that house, does he?”
“No.” Now he knows I lied. But can he blame me? “That’s my stepfather’s house. He’s on a business trip in London for the unforeseeable future. What he’s really doing is avoiding my mother and planning a divorce that’ll leave us both in a gutter somewhere. Maybe we’ll move in next door to you.”
“Why would he divorce your mom?”
“She screwed up somehow. Maybe she wasn’t getting enough attention; who knows?”
“Where’s your bio dad?”
“He left. Years ago.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know. He just said he was leaving, at five in the morning, waking my little brother and me out of bed. Everything he took with him fit into this tiny gym bag. My mother probably booted him. After one of their dusk ‘til dawn fights. My little brother was six. He watched our father from the window as he got into a cab with that fucking tote bag. It changed him.”
“What about you?”
“I don’t know. I guess I felt helpless. I couldn’t help him. My brother.”
“You couldn’t fix it.”
“I can’t remember a worst day.” Kate took another sip of water. “Our lives have been in constant flux ever since. We’ve lived off the kindness, and in most cases, desperateness, of my mother’s lovers. Blaine, my brother, couldn’t take my mother anymore, or maybe the both of us, and he left last year. He tried to move back in with our father and his new family in Seattle, but that wasn’t meant to be, so now he’s with one of my aunts up in Canada.” She looked into Kev’s eyes. “I should go home. Can you take me back?”
* * *
Outside Roger’s house, Kate opened the Jeep’s passenger door.
“I’m not sure about everything,” she said, turning back to Kev behind the wheel.
“I know.”
That glimmer. It’s back again. Since he first appeared today. “We acted out of impulse. You know that, right?”
“I don’t know.”
Kate looked into his dim, gray eyes. Is he the reason I feel so off kilter? “The business you’re involved in... I have to be honest with you: it scares me.”
“I’ll be out soon.”
“Dude, that creepy guy who came to see you on Sunday; who was that? You hang with some very scary folk.”
“Hain’s dealing with Shaun. He’s a contact for him.”
“He’s a bad man, Kev. I can tell.”
“Okay.”
“All right. Bye.” Kate was out the door, running up to the house. He got the message. We’re not a thing. Or am I just fooling myself?
Chapter 7
She awoke in the morning with a plan. She was going back to the land of the living. She spent an hour getting ready. I need a complete cleansing.
As she entered the kitchen, she saw Marnie placing her breakfast dishes in the sink.
Kate snatched a bowl from the cupboard.
“Am I taking you to school today?” Marnie asked.
“Yes,” Kate answered, as she shook Life cereal into the bowl.
She managed to gobble down a few tablespoons before clasping her Kate Spade bag and running out after her mother.
From the front doors of the house, she saw a familiar red Camaro parked behind Marnie’s Corvette. In the driver’s seat sat Cole.
“You’re quite busy these days,” Marnie quipped.
Cole stepped out of his vehicle, with a grin, as he shoved his hands into his jeans’ front pockets. “I was just asking myself if I should ring your front door.”
Kate couldn’t help but smile back. In this week of reincarnation, elderly offspring and unkempt, drug dealing bad boys, Cole was predictable, safe, home. A welcomed surprise. “What’s up?”
“Can I drive you to school?”
“And miss out on another conversation with Einstein?” Kate looked toward her mother. “Ah hell. My brain could use a holiday.”
She made her way toward Cole as she heard Marnie get into her own car, her keys jiggling.
Cole opened the door for her on the passenger side and Kate sat inside. He was soon behind the wheel, backing out onto the street. “Where’ve you been? Everyone at school has been blabbering about what happened to you.”
“Like what?” Kate asked.
“Like maybe you left Sussex and went to go live with your dad or something.” Cole headed down her street.
“Can’t someone just be sick?”
“You’re never away. Even then, it’s only for a day.”
“Whatever.”
“I broke up with Elisha.”
“And what does that have to do with me?”
Cole gave Kate a look.
“Seriously, why would I care?” Kate added.
“Well, I was hoping you would.”
“Are you begging to get back together? ‘Cause you’ll have to do better. You broke up with me, remember? You made me look bad.”
“You never look bad.”
“So far, so good.”
“Kate, I never knew where I stood with you. I never even knew if you liked me.”
“Why? Because I wouldn’t have sex with you?”
“That. And everything else. The way you never say anything about all my accomplishments, my football.”
Kate laughed.
“But you know what I mean. You don’t seem interested about me at all.”
“I don’t always tell people how I really feel, Cole. Why would anyone waste their time with someone like that?”
“You’re never boring. Elisha… she could put me in a coma. I don’t know. I feel like I’m addicted to you.”
“Get a sponsor.”
“I’m serious. I can’t stay away from you, Kate. I don’t know what it is.”
“So what is this? What are you proposing?”
“That you give me a second chance.” Cole then corrected himself. “That you, at least, consider giving me a second chance.”
“I’ll consider it. Not the second chance; the considering.” Kate smiled at Cole.
“It’s good to talk to you again.”
“Slow down.”
“Would you consider going to Wanda’s with me tomorrow? Her parents are away and she’s throwing a party.”
“I don’t know.”
“It’s public place. The house will be packed. No pressure. Just a chance to talk and have fun. That’s it.”
“You can be my ride there and back. That’s all I’m agreeing to.”
* * *
Kate didn’t have her World Events class today so she didn’t have to sit anywhere near Kev, but she did see him in the hallway. He kept his distance. And she didn’t look at him. Thank god for that, Kate thought. I feel so much better already. I feel back to myself.
* * *
The next day, both Cole and Kev avoided her. In World Events, Kev arrived well before the start of the class and sat in the back row, giving Kate plenty of space. She never bothered looking back. But she could feel him the entire time. Her hands became sweaty, and her focus on the classroom material was shot. This is why I want my life back. It’s all just too unsettling.
* * *
As Kate returned home in the afternoon, she received a text from Cole: “pik u up at 9.” She went to her closet. She wanted to look good tonight. I like feeling my normal self. My invincible self.
She walked out to meet Cole, not waiting for him to ring the doorbell. He hurried out of the car to open the passenger door for her. He makes me comfortable. Like everything in the world is as it should be. It feels good to be back in the land of the living.
The party was well underway. Wanda’s house on the hill looked more epic than ever. The music was loud and beer was handed out in plastic cups. As Kate moved in by Cole’s side, guests reached out to high-five Cole.
“It’s great to see you two together again,” was something Kate kept hearing.
Thank god Elisha Pratt isn’t here.
They ended up in the dining room, holding their cups of rum and Diet Coke, and laughing along with Wanda and her boyfriend Boomer.
Britt, Melanie, Sonia and their boyfriends gathered around them. Kate looked at them all, and noticed, more than she ever had before, how everyone hung onto their every word whenever she or Cole spoke. And they all laughed when they were supposed to. I’m back with normal people again, she thought. My people. This is what Harvard will be like. I’ll just be around people I like. No old freaks, or pushers or craggy-faced addicts.
Happy… This is what happy is.
Cole put his arm around her shoulders, which she allowed. It felt right having his arm there.
“Oh shit,” Wanda said.
Everyone turned, and Kate’s temperature shot up.
Kev, clean-shaven, stood at the dining room’s entrance, wearing a white collared shirt, and no brown windbreaker. What the hell is he doing here?
Wanda torpedoed toward him.
“I didn’t invite you to this,” she scorched once she got to him.
“You invited the whole school,” Kev croaked, his dim eyes readjusting to focus on her. “Am I the only person you didn’t invite?”
Wanda was speechless for a moment, shocked at hearing this abomination talk, and act like an actual human being.  “I don’t want your kind of trouble,” she warned.
“I’m all by myself.”
“I’ll call the police if you get in anyone’s face.”
“That won’t happen.”
Wanda made her way back through the crowd. Cole still had his arm around Kate’s shoulders as Kate looked again in Kev’s direction. Kev smiled at her, and then looked at some random, skinny boy next to him. He said something to him. The boy blushed, appearing confused as to why Kev Anderwaith was talking to him.
“So what did that fuck have to say for himself?” Boomer asked Wanda.
“He says he won’t cause any trouble. He came alone.”
“I say we take him,” Cole said.
“Don’t start a fight in Wanda’s house,” Kate warned. “You guys will trash this place.”
“We’ll just kick him out,” Cole replied. “Show him the door.”
“And then he’ll call his boys,” Boomer added, “and they’ll torch the joint, and then us.”
“I’m calling the police,” Wanda said, pulling out her iPhone.
“Wait,” Kate blurted, moving closer to Wanda. “Let me talk to him.”
“I don’t want you anywhere near him,” Cole objected.
Kate glanced in Kev’s direction, and caught him staring. He turned back to the skinny boy and said something else. The boy smiled at the joke, but he looked more scared than tickled. There was something in Kev’s face. He feels betrayed or something. But what did he expect me to do with my life?
“I’ll be fine.” Kate treaded through the crowd.
“I think you should rethink this.” Wanda called after her.
Kev had his back to her. She could sense that he felt her closing in. He turned.
Their eyes met. He attempted a smile. But his lidded, gray eyes couldn’t hide their disappointment.
“Hey,” Kate managed.
“Hey.” Kev’s smile was gone.
“What are you doing here?”
“So, you’re back together with him.”
“Really none of your business.”
“Okay.”
Kate could sense Kev’s anger. “You’ve got half this party trembling in their shoes. Maybe you should go.”
“Maybe I should.”
“What’s going on?” Wanda interjected, as she moved in between them.
“Wanda, I got this,” Kate said, as Kev slipped through the crowd, leaving. “Jesus, Wanda.” Kate moved after him.
Wanda clenched Kate’s arm, pulling her back.
“You guys friends now?” Wanda accused. “What the fuck’s going on?”
Kate snatched her arm away. “I have to go.”
“After him?” Wanda looked confused. “What do you care what that delinquent does?”
“He’s not just a delinquent.” Kate was off.
“This is really random, Kate.”
“Kate!” shouted Cole.
Kate navigated through the living room. The music was louder, the crowd denser, the lights dimmer. She attempted to scan over people’s heads. He’s nowhere.
The front entrance was thronged. “Move, move.” Kate pushed through.
Outside, kids littered the front lawn, drinking, laughing. Kate looked down the hill at the affluent suburban street below. She spotted him, in his white collared shirt, nearing the end of the road.
“Hey!” she yelled. Oh Christ, I’m making a total spectacle. “Hey!”
He didn’t turn around. She sprinted down the steps, and then down the street. “Wait,” she called out.
He turned. His eyes...
“Why did you come here?” she asked, panting.
“Why would you ask that?” His eyes were glistening.
He’s not crying, is he? Her own body shook. Her hand. Goosebumps rose across her body. What the hell am I feeling? Her own eyes glassed over. “I don’t know. I…” Kate’s mind went blank. What am I supposed to say?
“I’m an idiot,” Kev said. “I shouldn’t have come. I borrowed somebody’s shirt. I made a total fool of myself.”
“All this multiple lives business,” Kate replied. “It’s crazy. Can’t you see that? It’s bat-shit crazy. I don’t even know how you feel about me. I know how you feel about this other lady from a hundred years ago. But I have no clue if what you feel now is about me.”
“All I’ve been feeling is pain. Ever since that day in Ashby. This whole week, I’ve just been trying to get close to you. And it hurts. I thought you felt the same.”
Kate just stood there.
And avoided his eyes. And then she moved, trapping one of his hands in both of hers. It felt like the most natural thing to do. Like this is what would happen if her mind ceased its constant attack. His hand enclosed around hers. Damn, that feels good. “I hate not knowing what’s going to happen.”
“Just let it happen.”
“Too hard.”
“Don’t tear me apart.”
“I don’t want to.”
“It’s what it feels like.”
“Can we go somewhere?”
He pulled her, and she turned back, glimpsing Cole, Wanda and the rest of the gang, staring down at them from the house on the hill.
She turned away.
* * *
“Just drive to my house,” Kate said, once they were inside the Jeep. Her house was only two streets away.
Once there, she took Kev by the hand again and led him up to the front doors. Inside, in the dark, she guided him up the stairs to her bedroom.
She shut her door, careful not to wake her mother.
“This is not what you think,” she whispered, trying not to laugh.
“I don’t know what to think.”
“This week, I kept thinking what it felt like… to kiss you.”
He moved closer.
And she reached her face up to his.
Their lips touched.
A charge raced through her. This is what’s been killing me… that I want him like this.
She brought her hands up to his face. And felt his cheeks, his hard neck. This is what I wanted to feel again. She was lost in him.
She pulled away. “I don’t know what your expectations are, but I don’t plan on bedding you tonight. Maybe you could just stay with me.”
“I don’t have any expectations,” Kev replied.
Kate moved to her chest of drawers and removed her shirt and pants. “I don’t know what you sleep in, but you can sleep in your underwear if you want.” Keeping her back to him, she unclasped her bra, dropped it to the floor and pulled on a long-sleeved T-shirt.
Kev unbuttoned his white shirt. “Won’t your mother wonder what I’m doing up here?”
“It doesn’t matter.” Kate looked on as Kev, shirtless, peeled off his jeans, revealing loose, plaid boxer shorts. Plaid boxers... I would have never guessed.
She looked up at his muscular chest, with its dark hair. She took his hand and pulled him into her bed, under the covers, bringing her mouth up to his warm, salty lips, and running her hands over his pectorals. I want to devour him. She ran her lips on his neck, and breathed in his scent. It’s still there… running through the woods…
“I’m not,” she began to whisper, “I’m not ready…”
“I know,” Kev said, holding her close.
Kate entangled her legs in his, and rested her nose and lips just under his chin.
Chapter 8
“No!” he howled.
Kate woke with a start, jerked into another reality.
It was pitch-black.
“Renee!” he bellowed. “Renee!”
Kate shot out of bed. She turned, gasping for air, and could see in the dark that the bed was empty. She looked up. Standing before her was Kev, staring right back at her.
“What are you doing here?” he demanded.
“What’s going on?”
“Answer me!” Kev yelled.
“Kev,” Kate said with a firm voice. “Wake up. Wake up.”
Kev just stared at her.
I should run from the room. “Kev, it’s me, Kate.”
“I know.” Kev looked around. “I know.” He turned to her. “What happened?”
“You were screaming.”
“I’m sorry. Jesus. I’m sorry.”
“You were dreaming.”
“Yeah. I was. I remember...” He looked down, and touched his forehead.
He’s keeping something from me.
“I just woke up, and I was standing here. Kate, I’m so sorry.”
“It’s okay. Let’s just get back to bed.” Kate slipped back underneath the covers. She caught herself shivering. I’m scared.
Kev lay down next to her, and she reached for him. “I’m sorry,” he said again.
* * *
They ate Life cereal, sitting in the high stools at the breakfast bar. Kate, still in her T-shirt and panties, reached across the breakfast counter and took Kev’s hand. She had always hated such displays of affection. I’m scared how much I want to touch him... constantly. He was only in his borrowed white shirt and boxers. Marnie might be in here any minute but I don’t care.
She wanted him to stay with her all day as well but she knew he had his responsibilities. And she had her school work. Even though she had been accepted at Harvard already, she still had to keep her grades up for her scholarship.
“Something came back to me last night,” Kev began. “I know you don’t like to hear about this stuff.”
“You might as well tell me.”
“I remember where I used to live.”
“Where?” This has something to do with that nightmare he had.
“Scarlet Hill. Have you ever heard of it?”
“No.”
“It’s like an hour from here. I’ve been there before. In this life. Real small place.”
Kate didn’t like the look on his face. He looks terrified.
“I think I might go check it out,” Kev continued, “and maybe go see Mac and ask him about it.”
Kate’s heart sank. I don’t want him to go. Or maybe it’s that I don’t want him to want to go.
“Maybe we can meet up tonight,” Kev suggested. “I can cook you dinner. I know you probably have to study.”
“You cook?” Kate grinned.
“It’s not Top Chef.”
“Can I come with you? To Scarlet Hill?” Oh god, I’m becoming one of those girls. After this first weekend, I won’t be – I promise myself that.
Kev looked into her eyes.
Finally, Kate thought. I like those stupid eyes now.
He attempted a smile. “I’d like that.”
* * *
It was overcast as they drove out in the Jeep.
“It’s strange,” Kev said, behind the wheel. He was still wearing his white shirt from last night. “I think I know exactly where to drive to. I just have to stop thinking hard about it. I just have to let myself drive.”
Kate, in a loose sweater and jeans, and her hair tied back, attempted to make herself relax and to enjoy the ride. But how can I? How can I buy any of this? I believe he believes, I guess...
I was sitting in the exact same seat one week ago today. On a very different trip. But I can’t help but feel creeped out all over again. Uncertain.
After ninety minutes, Kev turned the Jeep onto a dirt road. After another fifteen minutes, he swerved onto a forested, narrow path dipping down a hill, deeper into woods.
“What else do you remember about this place?” Kate asked.
“What I do remember... is that we were happy here.”
The road ahead was overgrown with wild bush. Two parallel, tire paths remained in light patches amidst the wilderness.
Behind tall trees, Kate glimpsed something dark. She made out a graying structure camouflaged within its harsh surroundings, half-devoured by the forest. It was jarring to lay eyes upon it: a rotting, modest, two-story house, the last of the roof caved in, entire outer walls missing. It was a skeleton, discarded from a feast taken decades ago. If they had not been searching for it, they would have gone right past, never seeing it. Pieces of things, blackened, were scattered, far and wide; the remains of a home, its decayed guts spilled out.
Kev killed the motor. Kate wanted to stay inside. The scene before them assaulted her with foreboding. Kev opened his door. And stepped out. Kate held her breath; she couldn’t allow him to go about this by himself. She pushed open her own door.
Kev approached the structure. As Kate scanned the area. Before her was the head of a devastated rocking horse, and other unsalvageable, wooden toys.
“What happened?” she asked.
“I didn’t know it would be this way,” Kev answered.
He entered the carcass of a home through a space where a wall once stood.
“Just tell me what happened, Kev.”
“I was making breakfast.”
A shiver invaded Kate’s insides.
“I was standing right here.” Kev stared out another gap. “I think you were out, picking raspberries. It was quiet. It was always so quiet here. And then, out this window, I saw you, running. Your hair was gray. They’re here. You were yelling. They’re here.”
“Who?”
“I don’t know. There were dozens of them, and they jumped you. I ran down this hallway, and I turned here. And then they were on me too, knocking me down. All I could see were faces.
“I couldn’t get to you.” Kev’s voice cracked.
Kate just stood there, not knowing what to do.
“I screamed your name,” Kev continued. “All I could see now was black. And then I heard screams. Not yours. Theirs. They fell away. And I could see again. But I was beyond saving. I was torn apart. I felt no pain. Just your touch. Your hands. Fingers. You were dying too. You wrapped yourself around me. I wanted to hold you. And I tried. You’d made your way back to me. You smiled. It was a good life. That’s what you said. It was a good life. I wanted to say I was sorry. For not being more prepared... but you kissed me.”
Kev attempted to wipe tears from his face.
Kate was frozen where she stood. I can’t make myself believe this stuff.
But in one movement, she was next to him, placing her arms around him, holding him close. She put her hands on his face, pushing him back to look up into his eyes. “We’re alive now.”
Kev just stared back.
“And we’re together,” she continued. “We found each other again. We’re okay now.” She kissed him, wanting to protect him from all hurt.
* * *
As Kev and Kate headed back to Sussex in the Jeep, Kev’s Galaxy phone rang. He glanced at the screen, and pulled over.
“Mac,” he answered. He listened. “Yeah. We’re in Scarlet Hill.” He paused again. “Okay.” He turned to Kate. “Mac wants to know if we’d like to come to his house. He’s about twenty minutes away. Everyone’s there. And they’re all leaving tomorrow. What do you think?”
Kate looked into Kev’s face. She could tell that he wanted this. “Sure, why not.”
Kev smiled. “Thank you.”
* * *
From across vast fields, Mac’s farmhouse appeared to be a fair size. As the Jeep closed in, Kate saw that it was two-stories with a well-kept, green property. Mac does well for himself, Kate thought as they turned onto a dust blown path where a dozen vehicles were already parked. The house’s side door opened and Mac appeared, beaming at them.
Kate stepped from the Jeep, landing both sneakers onto dirt and shutting the door behind her. The sun peaked out from behind the clouds. It was going to be a beautiful day after all.
“Welcome,” Mac greeted, making his way toward them. “I’m making lunch. I’m hoping with all my heart that you’ll stay.”
Kate looked over at Kev. He’s so relaxed here. He’s been here many times already. Kev hugged Mac. He accepted this a long time ago.
Kate did not reach out for Mac, and Mac made no attempt toward her.
As Kev let Kate step inside the house, three or perhaps four generations of strangers stared up at her from Mac’s kitchen. Jesus, overwhelming… She felt sweat along her collarbone. A handful appeared dazzled by her, but most just smiled. They don’t all know who Mac thinks I am. I can’t believe they’re seeing me dressed like this.
But those who knew what Mac suspected, looked upon her as if she was a resurrected saint long missed, and long awaited.
Do they really believe this horseshit?
“This is Kate,” Mac said. To those in the know in the room, there had been no need to introduce her. And he left his introduction at only those three words.
There were perhaps over fifty people in the sizable kitchen. Some seated at the table, others standing, some teenagers texting on mobile phones, and children scampering about. Mac smiled over all of them, in his element as the host and head of his beloved family.
“Let’s eat,” he announced, proceeding to pull food from everywhere and set it up onto the large table which transformed into a generous buffet.
“Grab a plate,” Mac said. “Eat, eat.”
Kate was famished. She took a plate from a stack and served herself, feeling eyes on her. So weird to have people think I’m some walking miracle.
She sat next to Kev in one of many chairs set up along the wall. The house had a scent. Cedar. Kate found it intoxicating.
Carter, Mac’s younger brother, came by with his wife Marie, and they smiled down at Kate.
“Thank you,” Carter said. “Thank you for coming here today. You don’t know...” He was choking on some pent up emotion. He allowed time for it to subside. “You have no idea how much it means to all of us.”
“Thank you for having me.”
As Carter and Marie moved away, Mac approached. “I apologize. I know you feel uncomfortable.”
“I’m fine,” Kate lied.
“So,” Mac directed toward Kev, “you remember Scarlet Hill.”
“I remember how we died.”
“What did it?” Kate asked.
“You were in hiding. For most of your lives.”
“From those people who made that deal?” Kate couldn’t believe she was having this conversation. “Who live in the same bodies throughout time?”
“Come,” Mac answered. “Follow me.”
Kev and Kate moved after Mac, leaving their plates down on the floor by their chairs. They weaved out of the kitchen and into a long hallway, entering an opened library where shelves of books lined all four walls.
Upon the shelves, Kate saw framed photographs displayed. Black and white portraits of the family. Of Renee and Daniel Weaver. There were color photos as well. Kate saw Renee as an old woman. Her gray hair to her shoulders. She was smiling, right at her.
Kate’s grandmother would have called her handsome.
“Strength, dignity,” she would have said. “A woman who is handsome has earned her beauty.”
“What are they?” Kate asked as Mac shut the door behind them.
“Spengelum. Demons. You called them Sprogues. We don’t know much more about them.”
“Why did they kill us?” Kev asked.
“You were never sure why they hunted you. At least that’s what you told me. But you’ve had some kind of war with them. For centuries.”
Kate stopped herself. I can’t believe I’m entertaining all this garbage.
There was a knock at the door. Mac stepped back and pulled it open. Marie, Carter’s wife, looked in from the hallway. “Mac, the kids are looking for you.”
“All right.” Mac turned to Kev and Kate. “We’ll talk more later.”
* * *
As they reentered the full kitchen, Kate took Kev’s hand. I need to know that the guy I like is still there, despite all this paranormal crap. He squeezed her hand back. If Cole had ever dared to hold her hand, she would have laughed at his knuckle-headedness at first, and then she would have told him to fuck off as she yanked her hand back. She didn’t feel that way with Kev. She just wanted to be near him. Feel his skin. Feel him.
They stayed for dinner – Mac introduced them as young friends whom he had made at the health care facility where Angela had stayed – and Kate found herself being able to tolerate all of them. There was a warmth to Mac’s home, and to his family. Kev talked to everyone, and it was obvious that everyone who didn’t know who Mac believed he actually was, wanted to know more about this young, hulking beast with the warm smile, gravelly voice and spooky eyes.
“There’s enough room for both of you to sleep here tonight,” Mac offered from his chair as the boisterous dinner ran into the late evening. “I can set aside two of the smaller rooms. I’d love to have you stay for breakfast.”
“Are you okay to stay?” Kev asked. It was obvious that he wanted to stay.
“Sure,” Kate replied.
* * *
Even though many were sharing a room for the night, or sleeping on couches, Kate was given her own room since she was not with any family and was a true guest compared to everyone else. With the wooden plank floor creaking beneath her stocking feet, she pulled off her jeans and jumped into the twin bed with its substantial wool blankets.
After only a handful of minutes, she turned on her side and held her breath, attempting to hear if there was any noise coming from the rest of the house.
Silence.
She crept out of bed and tiptoed toward the door of her room. She paused to listen again – not one sound. She made it out into the hallway where a dim nightlight remained. She let it lead the way, her feet making the floorboards come alive. Damn.
Remembering the room that Mac gave Kev, she went to the door and pushed it. With aid from the hallway nightlight, a broad-shouldered frame came into view, dwarfing the twin bed it was draped on.
“Kev...” she whispered.
“Yeah?” he responded in the dark.
“It’s Kate.”
“Phew... I thought you were Mac’s cousin Auntie Mildred, making a booty call.”
Kate laughed as she rushed the bed and dived under the blankets, pressing herself against his hard muscles, and running her hand across his bare upper body. “If you want, you can close your eyes and pretend I’m Auntie Mildred.”
He chuckled as Kate rested her head against his chest. She couldn’t resist and lifted herself to kiss him on the mouth, her fingers sweeping through his hair. Under these covers, she felt encapsulated with his body, letting her own body’s need to join with his run free. She stopped herself, her heavy breath betraying her. “I’m not ready.”
“It’s okay,” Kev responded. “I’m holding out for Auntie Mildred.”
His large hands gripped the sides of her torso, surprising her. Whoa…
She reached down and kissed him, wanting more.
* * *
The sun was rising outside their window. Kate pulled her iPhone from her sweatshirt pocket to check the time. It was five fifty-six in the morning.
“I better go,” she whispered to Kev lying awake beside her.
Once in her own guest room, she fell asleep. When she heard the others in the house moving about, she rose herself.
In the kitchen, she found Kev, in his white shirt, already seated at the table with other family members. She served herself some prepared toasts and sat down next to him, her hand reaching to grip his.
Soon, Mac’s family began to dissipate, driving home or to the airport. They all reached out to hug Kate, thanking her for supporting the family. And of course, they all hugged Kev, everyone enthralled by the giant teenager. How strange, Kate thought. Back at Sussex High, Kev was considered a pariah; a scary, violent freak. Here, he was the favorite son.
As Kate sat back down at the table, Mac served coffee to the remaining adult guests at the kitchen table: herself, Kev, Carter, Marie and three of Mac and Carter’s children and their partners. Half a dozen grandchildren played nearby.
“I know you have many questions,” Mac said to Kate.
“Why didn’t you mention these sprogues before?”
“Would you have believed me?”
“I don’t believe you now.”
“I didn’t want to scare you away. My initial story was absurd enough as it was. But if we were able to find you, eventually they’ll find you as well.”
“And they’re going to try to kill us?”
“Yes.”
“That’s ridiculous.”
“There is a way to prove all this,” Carter piped in. “A way to prove to you that you are our mother. That you’ve been reincarnating, over and over again, throughout many lifetimes.”
“How?” Kate asked.
“It’s not necessary,” Mac interceded. “Not right now.”
“How?” Kev echoed.
“It’s on the back of your left leg,” Carter answered. “There’s a black mark. Well… a design...”
“I have that,” Kev said. “I’ve had that my whole life.”
Mac remained silent as he allowed Carter to elaborate. “It looks like an Egyptian ankh.”
Kev undid the top button of his jeans and pulled them down, unashamed. He turned his back to everyone and pulled the bottom of his loose, plaid boxer shorts up at his left buttock to reveal a slight, thin, black mark on his skin. It was a vague cross with a loop at the top.
“You both told us long ago,” Mac interjected, “during your other lives, that you’ve carried this mark… for centuries.” He turned to Kate. “Have you ever seen yours?”
“I don’t think so,” Kate replied. She stood and undid her own jeans. She pulled them down, turning her back to everyone. She lifted the bottom of her panties up at both legs.
The room was silent.
“There’s nothing,” Kev said. “That can’t be.”
Kate just stood there, still holding the back of her underwear.
Mac moved closer, keeping a safe distance. “You don’t have the mark.”
“There’s got to be some kind of explanation,” Kev countered.
Kate towed her jeans back up. “I’m not the one.” She turned to Kev as she buttoned up. “I’m not the one.”
Kev’s gray eyes clouded over. “No, there’s a reason.”
“There was another girl,” Kate said, as a wave of impatience drowned her. “Mac said so when he first met me. There was another girl who was born the same year whose eyes and features are also a match. She used to live in Sussex. A girl named Rebecca.”
“But it’s you,” Kev argued. “What I feel for you… that’s what determines you are who you are. Not some stupid mark.” Kev turned to Mac for confirmation.
“I’m sure there’s an explanation,” Mac said. “We’ll get to the bottom of it. There’s no use getting upset now. We’ll figure it all out.”
“We should go,” Kate said.
“Be careful,” Mac warned. “Both of you. We’ll soon have to work out how to hide you.”
“What?” Kate sounded incredulous. “You dingdongs can play Lord of the Rings all you want with yourselves, but I have to get back to some sort of coherent sensibility.”
Kev moved close. “Kate…”
“Let’s go,” Kate was already at the door. She caught a glimpse of Carter and Marie. They looked devastated.
“Call me later,” she heard Mac tell Kev.
* * *
During the ride home, Kate said nothing to Kev. She closed her eyes, and begged herself to fall asleep. It didn’t work. Her chest hurt. It feels heavy, like a burden I have to carry. Kev reached for her hand. She allowed him to hold it for two seconds and then she pulled it away.
When they drove up her driveway, Kev turned to her. She already had her hand on the door handle.
“It’s impossible,” Kev said. “I know... you really are Renee.”
“I’m Kate,” she corrected him, staring into his eyes. “You just want to believe crazy shit. I don’t know… maybe this was all some crazy-ass ruse to get me to fool around with you; you got to feel me up.”
“What are talking about?”
“God, I feel so stupid. I feel pathetic.”
Kate was out the door but Kev clutched her arm, halting her. “It’s not true.”
“I can’t take any more of this!” she yelled. “I can’t take these old farts pretending they’re our kids, and you, bawling at some burnt out shack. You’re all fucking insane.”
She gave her arm a sharp tug to free herself, but Kev refused to release her. She glared at him. He had tears in his eyes. “Let go of me.”
He loosened his grip.
She marched toward the house, not turning back. She didn’t know when he drove off; she went straight to her bed, collapsing on top of the covers, and hating herself for the sobs that she freed into her pillow.
Chapter 9
Monday morning. I’m going to school today, Kate thought.
I’m not going to get all depressed like last week. I’m moving on. This whole thing with Kev is so over. Done.
As she made her way to her school locker, Wanda ambushed her. “I’ve been texting you all weekend. Why didn’t you text me back?”
Kate wished she had a superhero power to make her friend disintegrate.
“Listen,” Wanda continued, “you can tell me. I won’t tell the other girls. What the hell is going on between you and Kev Anderwaith? That’s all everyone’s talking about.”
“It’s nothing.” Kate shut her locker, and kept silent as she moved away.
“Well…” Wanda was speechless, but only for a second as she stalked her. “When you’re ready, make sure I’m the first one you talk to.”
* * *
At lunchtime, Kate walked into the cafeteria with her green Stella McCartney bag which contained a homemade salad and a filled Lululemon water bottle. She felt grateful that Kev had been absent so far.
I’m not sitting with the girls. They won’t stop asking me questions.
She swallowed, and it felt like pride forcing its way down her throat, as she walked over to Cole sitting with Boomer and his teammates.
“Can I sit with you?” she asked.
Cole raised his eyes, meeting hers. “Where’s that animal you’re rubbing pubes with?”
Boomer and everyone at the table snickered.
“Did you write that one?” Kate responded. “‘Cause it’s disgusting.”
“You made a total idiot out of yourself.”
Cole’s teammates all eyed Kate as a prey to be pounced upon.
“I made a mistake. You’re going to have to forgive me if you want us to move on.”
“You can sit here if you want, but I’m never getting back together with you.”
“That’s fine.” Kate sat down.
“Hey guys.” Wanda loomed over them with a cafeteria tray holding nothing more than a green apple.
Oh god, Kate thought, exasperated. She just won’t leave me the fuck alone.
Peter Campbellton walked past.
“There’s the little red pecker,” Cole commented.
The whole table exploded with laughter, except for Kate. She felt eyes on her. She looked up.
Kev stood before them. “This isn’t who you are.” He looked sleep starved.
Kate stared into him, her face vacant. “I am sick and tired… of you judging me.”
“Get lost,” Cole edged in. “Can’t you see she doesn’t want to talk to you.”
Kate moved her gaze down, and pulled her salad container from her designer bag. She could feel Kev moving away.
“It’s okay,” Wanda told her. “He’s gone now.”
She looked back up. Kev really was gone.
* * *
School was done. Finally. Kate walked out the main doors along with Wanda and the rest of the school.
“I’ll drive you home,” Wanda said.
“Thanks,” Kate replied. I know what she’s up to; I still have no intention of talking to her about anything.
She spotted him, on the busy street below, amidst cars hustling to get home. He was approaching a parked, European, black sports car. The tinted passenger window was already lowered, revealing Hain, the dark, long haired creep that Kate had first encountered in the Dell. He was sitting in the driver’s seat.
Kev entered the car, and before he could even get the door shut, the black vehicle sped off.
He’ll never leave that life, will he? Good riddance.
* * *
On Tuesday, Kate woke up with resolve. I don’t care if he shows up for World Events today.
As she walked to class, however, she inspected her hands. Stop shaking. I don’t give a shit about him.
Moving toward her desk, she glanced around the room just once. Kev wasn’t anywhere. And for the next fifty minutes, he never showed. Kate left the class, relieved. It’s finally over. We’re all moving on.
At the end of the day, as she waited for her mother to pick her up outside school, she noticed Kev’s black Jeep parked in the school parking. Didn’t he come back last night to pick it up? It’s his life; I don’t have to worry about him anymore.
* * *
The next morning, Kate checked again. Kev’s Jeep remained. Not my problem.
When school ended, she walked out with Wanda, Britt, Melanie, and Sonia, and her eyes fell on Mac, in a green, plaid shirt and khakis, as he stood on the sidewalk, waiting.
“Oh Christ,” Kate said under her breath.
“What’s wrong?” Wanda asked.
“I just have to deal with this freak. I’ll see you guys tomorrow.”
“Are you sure?” Melanie asked.
“He’s harmless.” Kate walked down the school steps, approaching him. He looks downright distraught.
“Why are you here?” she asked.
“We need to talk.” The skin around Mac’s eyes was red.
“I don’t think so, old man.”
“I think you might be in danger.”
“I’m done with all of you.”
“Kev is missing.”
“He’s with his drug dealer friends. I saw him Monday, getting in a car with one of them.”
“His mother Laurette hasn’t seen him since Monday morning. She’s notified the police.”
Oh Christ...
“You need protection,” Mac continued. “I don’t know what to do. Maybe the police can help.”
“No one’s coming for me; I don’t deal drugs.”
“I need to show you something. Something to protect you. I’ll drive.”
“I’m not going anywhere with you.”
“This will be the last time I come to you. For anything. After this, we can walk away from each other.”
Kate looked into Mac’s eyes. He better not be kidnapping me. “I’m done after this. Got it?”
Mac led her toward his Ford Focus and Kate got in.
“How long is this going to take?” she asked as Mac drove.
“Not long, and then I’ll take you wherever you need to go.”
He made it onto Saint Germaine, asking about the last time she saw Kev, and continued as the road transformed into the vast stretch of farmland. He pulled over, turning off the engine.
“Come outside with me.” It sounded like an order.
Kate followed as he went to the back of his car. Oh god, he’s got a dead body in the trunk.
“You once told me to find this, and keep it for you.” Mac pulled open the trunk. “You said that you’d come looking for it one day. That you’d need it again.” He pulled a long case out by the handle – the kind of case that might house a long musical instrument. It was made of worn, brown leather.
“I’m not your Renee,” Kate said.
Mac unsnapped the ancient buckle and lifted the cover, revealing a sword set within its own velvet casing. It had a black, gilded handle, and a blade in need of a polish.
“What the hell?”
“It’s a talisman. And it can kill Sprogues. My parents have only seen one in their many lifetimes and this is it.”
“You keep it. If these Sprogues come after you and your family, you’ll be well prepared.”
“You’re the only one who knows how to use it.”
“I’m not your mother.”
“They were always so scared of you.”
“Mac. Please. Stop this bullshit.”
“But you’re so much like her.”
“Your mother was nurturing, and caring and loving.”
“And you’re none of these things?” Mac smiled, little camouflaging his anguish.
“No.”
He pulled something else from the trunk. It appeared to be part of a thick, wooden branch, five feet in length. He held it out for her. “Do you know what this is?” he asked.
Kate didn’t take it, as she made a face, annoyed. “A fucking branch?”
“All right.” Mac was giving up. He placed the thick branch back inside the trunk. “Keep the Talisman.”
“No.”
Mac placed the case by her feet. “It’s your only defense against them. Right now, I don’t see any other way.”
“We’re finished. We’re done for good now. It’s time to take me home.”
* * *
Mac stopped his Focus in Kate’s driveway.
“Goodbye, Mac.” Kate was stern. “I mean it. Goodbye.” She never wanted to see him again.
Mac smiled. “I saw my mother, the night before she died. Out of the blue, she made me a promise. She said we’d meet again, once more, on the cusp of time. Goodbye, Kate.”
Okay, buddy. Kate stepped out and moved from the car, hearing Mac pull away and drive off, down her street. As she reached the house’s front door, she turned to make sure he was gone, and he was, but in his small car’s place was the long, worn, brown leather case with the brass buckle.
“Jesus Christ, please,” Kate muttered.
* * *
Kate sat down at the breakfast bar with a bowl of Life cereal for dinner. Marnie was gone. Who the hell knows where?
She ate in silence, but her mind was running a mile a minute. Damn you.
She stood, and moved to the collection of keys hanging on the wall.
* * *
The last of the spring day’s sun rays shone as Kate drove the old pickup onto Saint Germaine. Soon, she was making her way down into the dark forest.
I’ll talk to Laurette myself. Find out where she thinks her son is.
The tall trees cut out what remained of the sun. Ahead, through the dark forest, sirens flashed.
Kate accelerated. There were three police cruisers. An ambulance. They were all at Kev’s house. Kate’s breathing raced. She slammed the breaks and shot out, leaving the door wide open. Her mind was blank. All she knew is that she was running. She saw Laurette, crying. There was a crowd of onlookers. A body. It was being placed onto a stretcher.
Oh, god.
Josie Scales blocked her way. She had streams running down her face. “What the fuck are you doing here?” Kate pushed past her – she felt her own eyes water.
“Laurette.” Her arms reached for Kev’s mother. “Is that him? Is that him?”
“They can’t find him.” Laurette broke down. “They can’t find my boy.”
Kate caught her, and held her. “What’s going on?”
“They found Shaun,” Laurette said. “In the woods.”
Kate looked toward the body on the stretcher. A middle-aged woman with dry, curly hair wept as she looked upon Shaun’s blonde curls, his face a bloody mess. Three tall, skinny girls stood with her, sobbing as they held onto their mother. A paramedic covered Shaun’s face with the end of the white sheet already draped over the lower part of his body.
A large hand seized Kate’s arm, drawing her back. “Go home,” a voice said.
Kate faced Sheriff Cogan as he continued to grip her. “There’s a drug war here and I’m not about to have you become collateral damage.”
“I can’t leave her,” Kate said, pulling her arm away. “Her son is missing.”
Cogan gave her a hard look. “For once in your life, do what you’re told. Jesus...”
“It’s okay,” Laurette said. “I’ll call you.”
Kate turned to her. “What happened to Shaun?”
“He was beaten,” Sheriff Cogan interceded. “To death.”
“God...”
“I’ll call you when I hear something,” Laurette assured her.
“Where’s Ben?”
“He’s inside. He’s fine.”
“Does he know what’s happening?”
“He just knows Kev’s in trouble. He figured it out.”
“Go Kate,” Cogan ordered.
Kate eyed him. “I saw Kev Monday after school, getting in a black sports car driven by a man with long black hair.”
“Hain,” Cogan confirmed. “Kev’s friends told us. We’re looking for him as well. Now go.”
“I’ll call you later,” Kate told Laurette. She squeezed Laurette’s hand and walked off.
She made it to her pickup truck and turned around to look at the ambulance pulling away. Where the hell are you?
* * *
Night had already arrived as she pulled up to her house. Her mother’s yellow Corvette still wasn’t in the driveway. She picked a fine night to go out carousing. I don’t want to be all alone in that house tonight.
She willed herself through the front door, as she placed a hand against her upset stomach. Fuck... Kev... What the fuck...
She wanted to call Laurette. I’ll wait. And I need to find out her number first.
She went upstairs, undressed and turned on the shower. She stayed under the hot water for an eternity. Maybe I should lie down for a bit. She felt her chest about to burst. I’ve never felt like this. This worried.
In fresh pajamas, she lay her head down on her pillow. Her eyes shut themselves, and she fell into a deep, heavy sleep.
She woke. Pitch-black. The house, silent death. She reached toward the night table, for her iPhone. Maybe Laurette called. She focused on the screen. It was twelve twenty-one. No messages. And no signal bars. Is there a network problem?
She turned her phone off and restarted it. Still no bars. Great.
She stood. Her head hurt. I need a glass of water.
Something fell downstairs, onto a floor, making Kate jump. Jesus... She rushed to the window. What the...
No yellow Corvette in the driveway. Marnie’s not home. The house should be empty. Who the hell is inside the house?
She heard a muffled male voice coming from below.
Her heart hammered against her chest. What was that? Is there a TV on?
It’s definitely coming from inside the house.
I need to get to a landline phone. Call Cogan. There’s one in Roger’s office on the second floor.
And then from far down below, she heard, “Kate...”
She felt her heart spin. Kev?
She heard the first muffled male voice mumble something.
Kate was at her closet, parting the hung clothing. She reached both hands toward the back wall, and pushed against it. The wall popped out half an inch. She slid it sideways, revealing a hidden storage space. Enough space to hide the long case. She had discovered this extra when she had first moved in years ago. A secret left behind by the previous owners.
Kate pulled the case out, set it on the floor and unbuckled it. She wasn’t taking any chances. She was arming herself to leave the room. I’ve got to get to that phone. One of those men down there could be Kev, but I don’t know who the other one might be.
She snatched her iPhone from her bed, just in case she could get bars outside her bedroom, and shoved it into her pajama bottoms pocket.
Carrying the heavy sword in both hands, Kate slipped out of her room and into the dark hallway. With the aid of a streetlight shining through one window, she made her way to the stairs and stepped down. She was still in her bare feet. I should have put on sneakers. She heard more distant, garbled talking. There were definitely two or more men inside the house. Where the hell are they?
She entered Roger’s office, heading straight to his desk and picking up the phone handset. She pressed a button to choose a line. Dead. She tried another. Dead. Damn. They’ve cut the lines somehow. She looked down at the iPhone in her hand. Still no bars. I should jump out the window and run.
“Kate...”
It was Kev’s voice. From far below. 
What the fuck...
Is it really him? How can I be sure?
She moved back into the hallway, and down more stairs.
“Kate...”
The voice again. This time clearer. Kate ceased moving. She was on the main floor. “Kate, stay away. Don’t come down. K...” Smack.
Someone just hit him.
Kate zipped into the kitchen. She turned. The door to the basement was open, revealing a dim light below. She didn’t hesitate. She stole through and whisked down the narrow steps into the unfinished basement. Marnie and Kate seldom came down here, and only when the kitchen refrigerator ran out of Diet Coke.
The dim light went out. Darkness. Shit.
She raised the talisman in both hands.
“No. Oh god, Kate, no.”
She turned, and made him out, with the help of another streetlight shining through a tiny basement window. He was lying on the concrete floor, his hands behind his back. He’s tied up.
She was already at his side, lowering the talisman. He was bloody. Just as Shaun had been. His eyes were shut; the skin around them a puffy black. He’s been beaten within an inch of his life. She touched his cheek. No response. He was no longer conscious.
She gripped his shoulder. “Kev.”
Still no response. “Kev…” She was desperate. “Kev…”
Icy fingers slithered in around her neck, from behind, squeezing.
Can’t breathe...
I’m being strangled...
The hands crushing her neck lifted her off the floor.
This is it...
She jabbed the talisman up toward her own neck, slicing into something.
She fell back to the floor.
She caught a whiff of something burnt as she spun to face her attacker. She was panting, out of breath.
It was Hain, with his shoulder-length, black hair and long leather coat. He sneered as he held one hand in the other. He was happy to see her. “You didn’t see that coming, did you?” he wheezed, his voice hoarse, as if he had been smoking since he was two.
“Just tell me what you want,” Kate said. “Why are you here?”
There was a definite burnt rubber smell in the air.
“I need to collect the talisman that you’re holding.”
Kate was dumbfounded. “You know about this thing?”
“I knew I’d never be able to torture where it was out of those decrepit geriatrics but I also knew they’d be stupid enough to give it to you. Listen, I don’t want anything else from you. They fooled you into believing you’re something you’re not. Trust me, I know; I’ve been watching you for weeks. And from what I can tell: you’re nothing more than an empty-headed, shallow, spoiled brat, who, for her own sake, I really hope can string two thoughts together right now to realize what’s good for her. Can you do that?”
“What’s this sick game you’re all playing?” He’s going to kill me, I know it. Once he gets this fucking Ginsu knife, he’s going to kill me.
Hain swiped down, and lifted the lifeless Kev as though he weighed nothing. With his other hand, he put one of their larger kitchen knives up to Kev’s throat.
Kate saw that Kev’s hands were bound behind his back with some kind of wire.
“Hand me the Talisman,” Hain said, “and I’ll let your boyfriend here live.”
“Okay.” Fuck. “Okay. Just leave us alone after, okay? Just get the hell out of here and never come back.”
Hain grinned, making him look like a lizard. He nodded his head once. If Kate hadn’t been about to collapse from fear right now, she would have vomited from revulsion.
She stepped closer, one of her hands shaking. She lifted the sword for him, its weight bearing down on her. He’s about to kill me. It’s in his eyes. “Let him go. I need to know he’ll be okay.”
Hain cast Kev aside, slamming him into the concrete floor.
Kate shuddered. “Jesus. Haven’t you hurt him enough already?”
Hain extended his free hand out. “Just keep coming.”
Kate did as she was told.
“Good girl,” Hain said, encouraging.
Kate saw that the skin on his hand was blackened. Crisped. What the hell is wrong with him?
“That’s being a good, smart girl,” Hain continued to purr.
She stretched the sword toward him. And he snatched her other wrist, making her gasp. His tongue dangled out, as he tugged her in, close. He grunted, anticipating his next meal.
And Kate plunged the talisman into his chest. With such force and precision, it shocked her.
Hain’s eyes widened, and Kate whispered into his ear. “Didn’t see that coming, did ya?”
Flames erupted around them. Hain was on fire. He screeched, rattling Kate’s eardrums.
“String two thoughts together now, asshole.” Kate kicked him back with her right foot. And watched as Hain fell toward the concrete wall, and the flames were choked by thick smoke.
Hain’s body was covered by sand. Or is he turning into sand? What the… He was a sand sculpture collapsing onto the concrete floor. It sounded like sand being poured from a pail onto a beach. And then, whatever had become of Hain was gone. Vanished.
Kate knelt by Kev. “Kev,” she pleaded. “Just hold on. Hold on.”
She bolted up to the main floor and out of the house and then down the street to the closest neighbor, where she called an ambulance.
* * *
The paramedics let her ride with them as Kev remained unconscious.
As she sat in the ER, waiting along with a handful of other late night patrons, the sliding doors parted, ushering Sheriff Cogan.
She guarded herself. He’s going to yell.
He found her, his stare intense. “Are you okay?” He sounded concerned.
“Yes.”
“They didn’t hurt you?”
“I never saw anyone,” she lied. “Someone just dumped him in my basement.”
“Why would someone just dump him in your basement?”
He’s not buying it. “I don’t know.”
“Where’s your mother?”
“Beats me.”
A male nurse approached. “He’s asking for you.”
“I’m talking to him right after,” Cogan warned.
Kate followed the nurse down the crowded hallway, and then behind a curtain.
Kev, his naked torso bandaged, stitches on his forehead and his face bruised black and purple, grinned up at her.
“Hey,” she managed.
“I didn’t know...” He was choked up. “I didn’t know if you were still alive.”
She nabbed his hand. “I didn’t know if you were still alive.”
“He let you live?”
“I had this sword. That Mac gave me.”
“What?”
“I know. Anyway, I shoved it right through his heart.”
“What?”
“And then there was all this fire... sand… I don’t fucking know… And he was gone. Like completely disappeared.”
“He was a Sprogue. You killed him.”
“Yeah, well... Anyway, I told Sheriff Cogan that you were just dumped off in my house, and that I didn’t see anybody else.”
“Now do you believe me?”
“I don’t know what I believe. Your mom’s on her way. And Sheriff Cogan’s here.”
“Hain told me they’re closing in on her. That they’ll find her.”
“Renee...”
“Yeah, Rebecca. I have to talk to you about something.”
“I know.” Kate swallowed. I’m just not ready to accept it.
“I have to find this Rebecca. I have to warn her. Hain told me they have a whole...” Kev was searching for the word. “Team... looking for her.”
“Just hold off for a bit.”
“Mac told me Monday that he went to this Rebecca’s house here in Sussex to find out where her and her family went off to. The neighbors told him that they left in the middle of the night months ago. Her dad was in trouble before. They think they’re running from the law.”
“What do you think?”
“Of course it’s something else,” Kev continued. “I’ll break into the house tonight. Try and get some information.”
“You can’t tonight,” Kate protested.
“I’m going to wait for my mother, to say goodbye, and then I’m walking out of here.”
“I’ll meet you. Later. I have something to give you.”
“Meet me outside Russell’s Roadside. I have to avoid Cogan.”
“Okay.” Kate got up and walked through the curtain. I have to book it before Cogan holds me back as well.
She looked down at her iPhone. It was two in the morning. She looked up. Marnie was talking to Cogan in the waiting area. Shit.
“What are you doing here?” Kate sounded angry as she neared them.
“Are you okay?” Marnie asked. “What happened?”
“I’m fine. I need a ride home. Now. I’ve talked enough to the police already.”
* * *
“What happened, Kate?” Marnie asked behind the wheel of her Corvette.
“Exactly like I told Cogan,” Kate replied from the passenger seat.
“Why would they just leave him in our basement? Are we in danger?”
“No, we’re not. I’m done talking, okay?”
“Fine.” Marnie was angry now as well. “You know what? I don’t care. I just don’t give a shit anymore.”
“Good to hear.”
* * *
Kate stepped down the stairs from her bedroom, carrying the long case in both hands. She was careful not to wake Marnie; it was three in the morning. She was going to Russell’s Roadside Gas and Stop. She and Marnie had been told not to go into the basement, as the police would continue their investigation in the morning.
She headed toward the kitchen. She needed the keys to the pick-up. She turned on the lights. All the keys were gone.
“Jesus,” she said under her breath.
“Where are you going?” Marnie asked. Kate turned. Marnie was sitting in the dark, at the breakfast bar.
“I don’t have time for this. Give me the keys.”
“You’re going to go meet him, aren’t you?”
“I’m giving him this, and then he’s gone. And you’re not going to tell anybody.”
“What’s inside? Drugs? Guns?”
Kate knelt down, unbuckled the case, and opened it, revealing the Talisman. “This,” she answered. “It’s some sort of antique.”
“Kate, what the hell is going on?”
“I don’t have time to explain.” Kate closed the case. “You wouldn’t believe it anyway.” She made her way toward the main entrance. “I’m taking a cab.”
Marnie stood. “You are not to leave this house.”
“You can’t stop me.”
“You’re going to get hurt.” Marnie was following her. “How do I know if I’ll ever see you again?”
Kate stopped, and faced her. “Like you care if I get hurt. Like you care if anybody gets hurt.”
“Let me take you to him. If you don’t, I’ll call Shane Cogan. Tell him you’ve run off. He’ll find you. Both of you.”
What a bitch. “We don’t have a lot of time.”
* * *
They said nothing to one another as Marnie drove the Lexus SUV to Whalen’s Way. Kate had warned her mother that the yellow Corvette would attract attention. When they saw the unlit neon sign for Russell’s Roadside Gas and Stop, blowing in the wind on its wooden post, Kate made her mother pull over across the road.
She stepped down from the SUV, carrying the long, buckled case. “Stay here,” she ordered her mother.
She crossed the dark, empty road. The blue, neon ‘Closed’ sign in Russell’s window was all that lit the Gas and Stop. A lone Honda Accord, with no lights on, appeared abandoned in front of the wooden shack.
The Honda’s door opened and Kev, in his brown windbreaker, stepped out. The swelling on his bruised face had come down somewhat. Kate marched toward him; she couldn’t help it – her eyes welled up.
“I shouldn’t have run out of the Jeep on Sunday,” she blurted. “I shouldn’t have yelled. I didn’t care about all the past lives stuff. I was just scared. I was scared. That I’d get hurt.”
“I’m sorry too,” Kev said.
“Why?”
“I just…” Kev never stopped looking into her eyes. “I just wish it was you.” His own tears formed. “I wish it was you, Kate.”
“You find her. You save her.”
He looked so alone; Kate just wanted to hold him, and to be held by him. As it should be.
“We just came back from meeting with Laurette,” she said. “I gave her back the money.”
“Look in on them, okay? Especially Ben. He won’t understand. Tell him I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
She handed him the case. “Take this. You might need it. It’s that sword I told you about. Mac called it a talisman when he gave it to me.”
Kev took the case without looking at it and threw it onto the Honda’s front seat.
“Go.” Kate was trembling, as her tears fell. “Go now. Please... Please...”
Kev moved inside the car, behind the wheel, and started the engine.
And drove, onto the dirt road. And she watched, as the Honda disappeared into the woods. And once Kate knew that he was gone, that he couldn’t see her, she let her face fall into her hands, and bawled.
She looked up. I have to pull myself together. He’s gone. It’s over. I can’t let Marnie see me like this.
She moved to cross the road. How am I supposed to go on now?
She saw Marnie running toward her, from the parked SUV.
“I don’t know what’s wrong,” Kate said. She couldn’t hold all the tears back. “I don’t know what this is.”
Marnie caught her in her arms. “It’s a broken heart.”
Kate let her mother hold her.
“And it hurts,” her mother said, “for a long time.”
* * *
The sun was waking when Marnie left Kate’s bedroom. She walked down the hallway. Kate needed sleep. She needed rest. Maybe one day, she’d be able to tell her mother what really happened. In the meantime, Marnie would have to support her as Shane Cogan and his department would more than likely hound her for more facts and the whereabouts of her boyfriend from the wrong side of the tracks. How had she ever wound up with a boy from the Dell? One day, Kate would put this whole misguided debacle behind her.
In her own bedroom, Marnie sat in her chair by the window, watching the sun rise. She’d miss this view. She’d miss this house. But she knew, once Roger returned from London, she and Kate would have to pack their bags.
Her mobile phone vibrated in her purse on the floor. Who the hell was calling at this hour? Marnie dug in to fetch it. She looked at the screen. It was Betty Anne, her best friend.
“Hey,” she answered. “She’s fine. I’m not sure what happened but I think this guy she was apparently seeing is gone now. For good, hopefully. He’s in some kind of trouble. At that age, you remember... Bad boy, good girl. Whirlwind. Not to mention the drama with family. Broken heart. It leaves a scar though. Can’t botox it.”
She laughed, along with Betty Anne. “That only solves a few of our problems,” she continued. “It can’t solve them all...
“She fell once when she was a kid. I don’t know if you remember. Scared us all. She needed to go into surgery, remember? Damn, that was scary. I had them do another procedure while she was under. She’d kill me if she ever found out, knowing how she hates plastic surgery. She had this horrible black birthmark on the back of her left leg. I don’t know if you ever saw it. Right under her bum. I had them do their best to remove it. Oh god.... All right... I’m going to bed.”
Marnie ended the call, standing, and letting her phone drop back inside her purse.

TO BE CONTINUED…



Hi. Eric here, the author of Forever. Just wanted to take this opportunity to express how grateful I am to have you read my story. I’m writing this on my way home on the train that takes me to and from work every day. I do all my writing on this train. Commuters might sometimes see me laugh or teary-eyed as I stare down at paper or my tablet, lost in another world with my best friends – the characters who amok in my books, and who show me how it’s done: living a full, exciting life. I hope you enjoy running around with them as much as I do. And know that they can always be found, waiting for you, to steal you away on another adventure, within the paragraphs, sentences, words of all my books. Again, thank you.

Much love,
your friend,
Eric

P.S. Kate and Kev will return in Book Two of The Abandoned in 2015.

About Eric Marier

Eric lives in Ontario, Canada with his wife and two small children. He enjoys reading the works of Mark Twain, Suzanne Collins, Nick Hornby and J.K. Rowling. Forever is his third novel and is the first book in a series called The Abandoned. His other novels, Across The Sea and Here are available at all online eBook stores.
Eric answers all correspondence and lives (not just loves) to talk with other readers and writers.



Other books by Eric Marier

Across The Sea
Here



Connect with Eric Marier

Email: ericmarier@gmail.com
Twitter: www.twitter.com/ericmarier
Smashwords: www.smashwords.com/profile/view/ericmarier
Blog: www.ericmarier.blogspot.ca
