Inspector Samuelson Investigates a Killing in Kauai
A Roaring Kill Mystery #2

By Sara M. Barton

Copyright Sara M. Barton 2014

Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the authorized publisher, Sara M. Barton at Smashwords, except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a work of fiction. All characters in the story are the intellectual property of the author and all events are imagined by her. While some places mentioned in the tale are real, they have been utilized in a fictional capacity.

Thanks to my editorial peeps, for all their suggestions, assistance, and support for my work.

I dedicate this novella to the many hardworking farmers, botanists, and conservationists, who labor to keep food on our tables, flowers in our gardens, and the skies alive with birds and bees.

Chapter One --

“Climb in,” said the man who sounded like he gargled twice a day with gravel. Two wispy words, grunted through tight lips. As an invitation, it left a lot to be desired. There was no formality, no “please” to sweeten the request. It was a command, one I didn’t want to obey. “Hurry up. I haven’t got all day.”
Mesmerized by the large, dark metal object he waved in my direction, I froze. I stared down the barrel of his gun, wondering if the bullets were as big as I thought they must be. How could I ignore the weapon he waved in front of my face, especially now that Johnny Hiro’s slight form was crumpled up and slumped over the upended rain barrel some ten feet from me, a spreading crimson stain just above his heart?
“This ain’t no debutante’s ball. I’m not asking you to join me on the dance floor.” I felt a hard poke in my side with the muzzle and tore my gaze away from the dying man. Johnny had been nice to me. He had led me through the fields to where the meadow ended and the vista below became an endless tableau of aqua sea and blue sky. He had pointed out a pod of whales swimming up the coast as we stood together at the edge of the cliff, taking in the magnificent view. “Move it.”
“Why did you have to shoot him?” I’m not really sure how I got those words out, but I managed to ask the one question that most heavily weighed on me. I wondered what would happen to me. I saw the dented red Nissan pickup just a few feet away. When he pulled up, I had just assumed the gnarly, gray-haired man was lost, stopping to ask us directions back to the highway. That was before we saw the evil gleam in his eyes and the gun in his hand. “I would have gone with you anyway.”
“Don’t need him. A witness is a liability. Now, what are you waiting for, Christmas?” His gaze never left me as he reached down and scooped up something from the ground. I recognized my leather satchel. He tucked it under his arm, the strap dangling, like it was pirate booty. I tried to think why he wanted it so badly. It was a very ordinary brown leather bag. The only thing of value in it was my tablet, with all my work notes stored on the memory chip. At best, he would probably get a hundred dollars at the local pawn shop. Was that enough of an incentive to take a couple of lives?
“You didn’t have to kill him,” I mumbled, suddenly shivering in the heat of the day as the shock of being kidnapped set in. Johnny was dead because he was inconvenient. Just like that, a nice man was no more.
“Sure I did. He was in the way. You’re going to be in the way if you don’t do what you’re told. I can put a bullet in your head and solve my problem.”
With a heavy sigh of resentful resignation, I lifted my right leg, hoisted myself into 60-gallon container, and pulled my left leg in. Standing there, I waited for instructions, even though I knew what he would tell me.
“Sit down.”
I nervously returned his gaze, taking in the color of those dirty brown eyes; they narrowed at my hesitation, confirming my worst fears. I had no doubt he was a cruel man; the signs of his vile nature were etched into his face, from the set of thin, unyielding lips to the way his paper-thin, pale skin was pulled taut across the high cheekbones. This was a miser, stingy and mean. He wasn’t giving anything away today, not even compassion.
Squatting, I wondered how I could fight off the wave of panic that took me as the top was locked into place with a firm click. I was now cut off from the outside world, invisible and alone, in the place Johnny thought might make a good backdrop for the Namnoun-Birken wedding. They had asked for a spectacular view, so he and I had gone scouting for a unique place that would be breathtaking. Now it turned out that we had literally found it. It was where my associate surrendered to a gunshot wound, and probably also where I would do the same. My beloved Jeff, the man who had given me my life back the last time someone tried to take it away, might never know why I disappeared from the face of the earth, let alone where my body was stashed away. Jeff. How I wish he was here now. A large lump of sorrow, too big to swallow, caught in my throat.
The bright afternoon sunlight filtered through the thick plastic container that would be my coffin, bathing me in a serene blue glow. I tried to stay calm, but as terror robbed me not only of my dignity, but also my sanity, I began to gasp, gulping every smidgen of oxygen left in that small space. Bereft of hope and fresh air, I smelled the chemical vapors of the barrel’s resin as it heated up in the sun. What would I do when the last bit of breathable air went into my lungs? I dreaded suffocation. Breathe, Chris, but control it. Let it in and out. Slow it down.
Whimpering, I felt the sting of salt water as tears filled my eyes. Frustration bubbled up in me as I fought the impulse to scream. With no one to hear me, it would have been an exercise in futility, satisfying no useful end, sucking up too much of my remaining oxygen. That realization just made me cry harder -- big, hard, gob-smacking, anguished sobs. In the narrow confines of my barrel prison, I found it difficult to raise my arms without great effort, so I squeezed my eyelids shut to expel the tears; they rolled slowly down my cheeks before dripping onto my tee shirt. I indulged in a solitary pity party, imagining the blue plastic container filling up, teardrop by teardrop. Death by drowning, the police report would say. Sorrow overtook the victim.
I heard my captor grunt as he shifted my plastic coffin. Tossed about like a cocktail peanut in a can of Planters when he lifted the rain barrel up and into the back of his pickup truck, I felt my own weight push me against the hard wall of the container and wondered if my knees would press against my larynx, cutting off my air supply. Oh, such a terrible way to die. After what I’ve already been through, I deserve better.
My kidnapper muttered a curse as the rain barrel slipped from his grasp and dropped onto the metal bed of the truck. I felt the cruel blow of plastic against metal; my head took the full impact and I winced. Two full rotations of the barrel seemed to move me further onto the truck, and a moment later, with another grunt or two, I felt the container being righted. The relief was immediate as I shifted myself into a more comfortable position.
It didn’t last long. I heard the creak of a door in need of lubrication, felt the man settle his weight in the driver’s seat, and then the ignition switch was turned. The engine sputtered to life. The truck shuddered as the driver shifted the transmission; the gears grinded briefly and then we were rolling, presumably in the direction of the Kaumualii Highway. As the truck traversed the open field, I was tossed about, thanks to every stick and every stone the four tires lumbered over.
The driver drove slowly. I thought this was more the result of the treacherous road than a desire to take his time. The barrel almost tipped as we headed down the hill. I tried to lean back, keeping my weight even. When my kidnapper reached the curve, he suddenly swung the wheel to the left. It hit me like a jolt out of the blue, just as the red Nissan gathered speed. One moment I was upright in a rain barrel in the truck bed, knees to chest, arms tucked in at my side; the next, I felt the container go airborne.
When it landed, it came down with a big thump that shook every bone in my body. I bit my tongue so hard my teeth pierced it. The barrel bounced a couple of times on a downward trajectory and then it began to pick up speed. I steeled myself for the big, dramatic crash, trying to recall what I had observed on the way up the hill with Johnny Hiro. There were large rock formations, but they were quite some distance from the road. A few rusty pieces of old farm equipment had been abandoned in the meadow, like skeletal remains of a stripped carcass. But everywhere else, as far as the eye could see, there was nothing but knee-high grass, wild flowers, and scrub brush. I closed my eyes, preparing myself for the worst, hoping for the best, as I continued to tumble inside the plastic cylinder. When it finally slowed down and came to a gentle stop, I sobbed, “Thank you, God!”
But my ordeal was far from over. There was still the matter of escaping from the barrel. How was I to do that? The man with the gun had screwed on the lid. My mind desperately sought a solution to my conundrum. How much time did I have before my tormentor realized the rain barrel and I were missing? I strained my ears, listening for the sound of the truck returning, but all I heard were birds chirping in the distance.
Lying on my back, I maneuvered my hands up the side of the barrel, snaking my confined limbs back and forth until I could reach up and touch the top. Was there any way for me to unscrew it myself? I didn’t think so, but I felt my way along the plastic surface anyway, hoping to find some way I could grasp and turn the circular disk. My fingers came across something unexpected as they probed inch by inch, something that protruded into the container. Leaning my head as far back as I could and tilting it to the side, I glanced up to see it was a rubber plug covering the hole for the water tubing. A mere three or four inches in diameter, not only could it serve as a conduit for fresh air if I knocked it out, I might be able to somehow twist the lid off if my fingers could grasp the sides and twist.
I don’t know how long I worked at it, but by the time I felt that first small movement of the lid, that tiny bit of success, I was drenched with perspiration. I felt like a pig in the pit at Smith’s Tropical Paradise Garden Luau in Kapaa, baking in the sun. Every once in a while, I stopped briefly to catch my breath and take in a whiff of hot air. It smelled of crushed, sweet-smelling grass and soil, the fragrance unleashed by my rocking movements inside the barrel. The heat was getting to me now as I worked and my throat was parched. I longed to leap into the nearest body of cool water; how far was it to the ocean? At that moment, I’d have even taken the plunge if it was into shark-infested seas.
When I finally wrestled the cover of the container off, my physical relief was almost immediate. I managed to wriggle out by grasping the edge of the rain barrel and shimmying from side to side until I was free. The moment I was, I grabbed the collar of my tee shirt and wiped the perspiration from my face and set my mind to figuring out what to do next.
“I need help,” I said aloud, the sound of my own voice almost reassuring. “How am I going to get it out here, in the middle of nowhere?”
Standing up, I studied the horizon. Should I make an effort to head to the road or find a place to hide, in case that wretched man returned? He struck me as someone who would search every nook and cranny until he found me. And then I remembered what I had in my pocket.
“My phone!” As soon as it was in my hand, my fingers tapped on the glass.
“Nine-one-one. Can I have your name and phone number please?”
“Ah...Chrisanth Neeson. My number is....” I rattled it off, trying hard to control the panic I felt.
“Where are you located and what is the nature of your emergency?” said the voice on the other end. The first question caught me off-guard. My mind went blank as I struggled to describe the dirt road off of Route 50. Somehow I managed, and then, with a voice that quavered, I described Johnny Hiro’s shooting and my own ordeal. The dispatcher told me not to hang up. “Can you move away from the barrel and conceal yourself, in case the man comes back?”
“Okay,” I agreed, now moving on automatic pilot. My gaze surveyed the horizon, seeking some refuge. I finally decided upon a spot just up the hill, where the boulders were long and flat, but I could lie down in the tall grass and make myself nearly invisible.
It took nearly ten minutes for the first police SUV to arrive from Koloa. When it was still a hundred yards away, I stood up, waving my arms and ran down the hill to meet the officers.
“Where is the dead man?” said the first, opening the back door for me. I climbed in.
“Up there.” I pointed to the top of the ridge. I felt the dread of returning to the scene of the crime. I didn’t want to remember that awful sight.
Johnny Hiro’s form was now prostrate on the ground beside the rain barrel, just a few feet away from his beat-up old Jeep. His right hand hovered over the obvious wound.
The driver stopped the Kauai Police Department emergency vehicle about twenty feet from the body, spitting out orders as his partner radioed for assistance; both men clambered out and hurried over. I watched the first reach down and put his fingers alongside Johnny’s neck. He dropped to his knees, his hands suddenly pressing on Johnny’s chest. The two cops quickly exchanged a few words before the other grabbed his radio again. A few seconds later, he came running toward the SUV, went around to the back, and lifted the rear door.
“He’s still alive, but just barely,” the officer announced, as he grabbed the first aid kit. “The ambulance is on its way. Here’s hoping it gets here in time.”

Chapter Two --

“So?” The rumpled man sitting on the other side of the cluttered desktop pulled out a tattered notebook and a “Harry’s Barbecue and Luau” pen, laying them on the one vacant spot before him. “Start from the beginning. Why were you out there?”
“We were planning a wedding and scouting for the perfect site. Johnny thought it would be a great location for the ceremony.”
“Johnny Hiro is the victim with the gunshot wound?” The name plaque informed me the desk belonged to Lieutenant Golden. Looking up at the wall, I saw a tall, confident woman with dark hair in a police uniform. Who was she to this man -- wife, girlfriend, sister?
“Yes.”
“Why was he shot?”
“That’s what I asked that nasty man. He said he didn’t want any witnesses left behind.”
“Okay,” he nodded. “Let’s have the details. He put you in a barrel and screwed on the top. How did you get out?”
I gave him the blow-by-blow, culminating in the description of how I finally managed to emerge from the blue barrel. When I got done, he asked me a question I never expected to hear.
“What did you do with the gun?” he demanded, leaning forward. When the words filtered through my brain and I finally understood what he was really asking, I found myself involuntarily jerking away from him.
“I don’t understand.” Surely he couldn’t really believe I had been involved in what happened to poor Johnny.
“Did you bring it with you or did your friend, Mr. Hiro?”
“Neither one of us had a gun!” I exclaimed, suddenly alarmed. “The man in the red Nissan truck had it!”
“Right. And he stuffed you into that barrel and clicked the lid, but you just happened to escape.”
“I did!”
“Do you realize how farfetched your tale is? I’m supposed to believe you were able to climb out of a locked barrel on your own? You want me to swallow the tale that the barrel just happened to bounce off the truck? Tell the truth. You had an accomplice.” He was close enough now to me that when his fingers twitched, I half-expected him to spring up from his haunches and wrestle me to the ground before throwing me into handcuffs. “Come on, lady! Don’t try my patience!”
“Are you insane?” I recoiled, my heart pounding inside my chest. “Have you completely lost your mind? Why aren’t you looking for the man who shot Johnny?”
“Don’t need to,” he replied smugly. “You’ll eventually tell me who he is.”
I stood up, trembling, and backed away from this lunatic. Taking a deep breath, I sought inspiration from Shakespeare and screwed my courage to the sticking-place. “If Johnny Hiro dies and his killer is not apprehended because of your blind arrogance and bloody incompetence, I will personally serve you with a lawsuit that will....”
“Is there a problem here?” said a curt female voice behind me. I turned to find the woman in the photograph standing there.
“Yes, there certainly is! Lieutenant Golden just accused me of shooting Johnny Hiro,” I sputtered. “That’s the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard.”
She was a good six inches taller than me, with hard eyes that brooked no nonsense. I took note of her plainclothes uniform: blue button-down shirt with the sleeves rolled up, form-fitting black slacks and black leather loafers. Her gun was tucked into a hip holster and her shiny gold shield was slung from a black neck lanyard.
“I’ve got you beat on that front,” she replied. “I’m Lieutenant Gwendolyn Golden and I haven’t accused you of anything.”
“But I thought...he said....” I pointed to the man now scrambling out of the chair.
One look at her face told me she was already perturbed by what she had overheard. I took another step back. “Stargill, what the hell are you doing at my desk?”
“I was questioning the suspect,” he sniffed, slipping the notebook and pen into his shirt pocket, “in my effort to assist you in the investigation.”
“Did I ask you to do that?” she growled. The rumpled man didn’t reply, so she posed the question again. “Did I? You’re on desk duty until you’re cleared to go back out into the field. That doesn’t mean you park yourself at mine and take over my cases, does it?”
“No, ma’am,” he responded sullenly.
“Then get your sorry ass out of my seat and get back to work on those files you were assigned! Son of a bitch, I get up for a stinking cup of coffee and come back to find I’ve got a tenant subletting my desk. That is not how we do things around here!” Lieutenant Golden set her Hello Kitty coffee mug down and glared at me.
“And why were you threatening Stargill with a lawsuit? You think you’re tough?”
“No,” I shot back. “I think I’m one of two victims of a terrible crime, and I’ll be damned if I’m going to stand by and let you people botch the investigation!”
“Is that right?”
“Yes.”
“Sit down.”
“Why? So you can play good cop and pretend your lousy partner just made an innocent goof? I don’t think so!”
Even as the Kauai investigator kept talking to me. I ignored her. I was already dialing the one person I knew I could count on to get me out of this mess. The phone rang three times before it was answered. Hearing the familiar voice on the other end, I blurted out, “Liz, someone shot the man I was with and tried to kidnap me.”
“Chris, where are you?” Lisbeth Causley, author of the Inspector Samuelson Investigates mysteries, also known as romantic suspense writer Serena Duvall, went on high alert.
“I’m at the police station in Lihue. Liz, they think I did it!”
“You have got to be kidding me!”
“I am not.”
“Who’s in charge? I want to speak to him this instant!”
“Her,” I corrected the mother of the man I intended to marry. “Gwendolyn Golden.”
“Put her on the phone,” she insisted. “I’ll straighten her out!”
“Lisbeth Causley wants to speak to you.” I handed over my cell phone to the reticent cop.
“Who?”
“Lisbeth Causley.”
“Why does that name sound familiar?”
“She’s the author of the Inspector Samuelson Investigates mysteries.”
“Fan-freaking-tastic!” she grimaced. “Bring it on!”
I waited while the two women conversed, my confidence returning as Lieutenant Golden’s began to crumble. By the time she handed my phone back to me, she was chagrined.
“She wants to talk to you.”
I took back my phone and put it up to my ear. “Liz?”
“Chris, I’m on my way. Don’t worry. We’ll straighten this all out. In the meantime, do you want me to get a hold of Jeff?”
“Yes, please.” My throat grew tight. “Just in case....”
Just in case. Three very important words, as in just in case this was related to my former status as a protected witness. A part of me wanted to deny the possibility that this had been another attempt at killing me. Surely no one was after me again, not after what I had been through. I reminded myself that Jared Spears had too much to lose by hiring another hit man, and as far as I knew, the same held true for the others with a motive for wanting me dead.
“I’m hanging up now, dear. I’ll be there as soon as I can.” I heard the click as she ended the call. With a sigh, I slumped into the chair across from the cranky cop.
“How do you know Lisbeth Causley?” she asked me, taking a sip from her Hello Kitty mug. Judging from her scowl, I guessed that coffee had been sitting too long in the pot and it was now as cold as the trail of Johnny Hiro’s attacker.
“I’m helping her with one of her books.”
“She’s writing about you?” That seemed to pique the interest of Gwendolyn Golden in a way that made me nervous. “Were you involved in a police case?”
Just my luck, the Investigative Services Bureau crime solver was familiar with Liz’s mysteries.
“Ah, no.” I shook my head. “She’s a family friend and I’m helping her with one of her romantic suspense books. It’s called A Hint of Cinnamon. I’m...I’m a wedding planner and she needed some background for the story, so....” Now I was babbling, unable to stop myself.
“I see.” Clearly she didn’t. Maybe that’s why she just kept staring at me as I squirmed.
“Look, it’s kind of complicated. Her son is Jefferson Cornwall.” As I opened my mouth to spit out the details of the famous thriller author’s relationship with his mother, Lieutenant Golden’s jaw dropped open like a cartoon character.
“That hunky guy, the one who wrote Deadly Ride-Along?”
“Yes.”
“I know him! I met him when he was in Hawaii a few years ago. In fact, I helped him with some background on a case.” My heart started to sink as the investigator’s enthusiasm grew. I was fairly certain that she was going to glom onto Liz the second she appeared at the station. “Good God, the man has to be the sexiest thing I’ve ever seen, with those smoldering eyes and that magnificent mouth!”
That was the moment my cell phone played Hail to the Chief. It was an inside Cornwall joke. All three brothers, named for United States presidents, often hummed it at family gatherings, jockeying for position on the imaginary podium. Jeff had programmed it as the ring tone for my incoming calls. He was phoning from his office in Atlanta. “Chris? Are you okay? Are you hurt? Tell me what happened.”
“I’m in Lihue, at the police station. The man I was with was shot, Jeff. I don’t know what his condition is, but it didn’t look good last time I saw him. And before you ask me, I really don’t know why it happened. We were just out in a field, trying to find a place to host a wedding ceremony.”
“Listen, I know a couple of cops there. See if you can find....”
“...Gwendolyn Golden? She’s right here. Do you want to talk to her?”
“Yeah, put her on. And Chris, don’t worry. We’ll make sure you’re safe. I promise you that.”
“Mmm,” I mumbled. I didn’t trust myself to speak. The stress of the last hour and a half was finally catching up to me. I could feel a ball of fear forming in the pit of my stomach. What if my past was catching up to me again?
“Chris, did you hear what I said?” he asked me. I glanced up to see several people watching me. The intense scrutiny unnerved me. Standing up quickly, I walked a couple feet away and turned my back on them. I needed the chance to tell him the truth without sharing it with the members of the Kauai Police Department’s Investigative Services Bureau.
“Jeff, I’m scared. What if it’s starting again?”
“Babe, I promise you that no one is going to get to you. Let me talk to Goldie.”
Goldie. For a split second, I felt a tug on my heart. It sounded like such an intimate nickname. What a stupid time to be jealous, I chided myself. Didn’t I already have more important things to think about than whether Jeff had enjoyed a fling with the female investigator handling my case?
“Chris?”
“Sure.” I pivoted and reluctantly returned to Lieutenant Golden’s desk. With great regret, I once again passed my cell phone to the woman.
“Jeff wants to talk to you about the case.”
It was hard to ignore how her eyes lit up at the news that the famous author with the smoldering eyes and magnificent mouth wanted to speak with her. Her interest in him wasn’t solely professional. Jeff often had that effect on women.
“Cornie? Is that you? Where have you been, handsome? Oh? Uh-huh. Right. I see.” Even as she poured on the charm, I could see it fade away. Whatever Jeff told her on the other end of the phone sobered her right up. Suddenly she was all business. “Yeah, I can take care of that. No, I know a couple of guys who started a protective services company. One of them used to be Secret Service. Let me give them a call and have them contact you directly. Right. No, it’s nothing like that. She told the responding officers that the man forced her into a rain barrel and put it in the back of his pickup. She claims she managed to get the lid off of it and crawl out. What’s that?”
I listened to the one-sided conversation, trying to figure out what Jeff was telling her. Goldie, casually leaning back, suddenly shifted in her chair; a moment later, she grabbed the notepad on her desk and picked up a pen.
“Seriously? I see. Yeah, that’s not the kind of situation we normally come across here in paradise, Cornie. I’ll take care of it.”
A few minutes later, after exchanging information on Vulcan Security, Gwendolyn Golden ended the call. Handing me back the phone, her long arm extended, her gaze never left my face.
“Cornie says you were locked in the trunk of a car belonging to a hit woman, and when it ended up sinking in a frozen pond, you managed to escape. Is that true?”
I shivered, suddenly flashing back to that cold winter night. Alone with the dead body of a contract killer, I was in despair, thinking my life couldn’t get any worse, but it did. She wasn’t the only one hired to murder me.
“Yes,” I nodded.
“It’s a wonder you’re not claustrophobic,” she replied, still watching me.
“Tell me about it,” I groaned.
“Today must have been quite a shock for you.”
“It’s happened so many times to me now, I just go on automatic pilot and I’ll do anything to escape.”
“You’re a survivor.” She said matter-of-factly. “You’ve had enough experience to fight back.”
For thirty seconds or so, neither one of us spoke. I could tell she was weighing her options. But what happened next surprised me. “Do you think you could handle going back out there, to the field? I want to see if we missed any evidence and I especially want to see the rain barrel from which you escaped.”

Chapter Three --

“Why?”
“Was it out there when you two arrived?”
I shook my head. The only thing that had been there when we arrived was the magnificent view.
“No, the attacker brought the barrels with him on the truck. We thought he was one of the farm workers checking on what we were doing on the property and we were going to tell him we had permission to be there.”
“When did he take the barrel off the truck, before or after he pulled out his gun?”
“After.”
“He brought two barrels with him and he put you in one of them. Hmm....” Without thinking, Lieutenant Golden took another swallow of her cold coffee; a moment later, she spit it back into the cup. “Geez, I hate this crap that passes for coffee! Whoever made it should be arrested for committing a crime.”
“Especially on Kauai,” I agreed. “There are too many coffee growers producing some amazing beans to ever be satisfied with swill.”
“You know something about coffee?”
I nodded. “I do. My dad’s a botanist. He’s trying to help Hawaiian coffee growers combat rust on their crops.”
“Rust, like what you get on metal when it gets wet?”
“No, coffee rust is a disease that devastates the plants and spreads easily. It’s a worldwide problem, driving up the cost of the beans.” I picked up the previous thread of our conversation. “Why does it matter that the man brought two barrels?”
“It means he probably planned to kill you both. Now we just have to figure out why he left one guy behind and put you alive in that other barrel.”
“He said Johnny was a witness and a liability. That’s why he shot him. And then he said he could put a bullet in my head and solve the problem if I didn’t climb into the barrel like he wanted me to do.”
“So, he wanted you alive and Mr. Hiro dead. For some reason, you have value to him.”
“He didn’t seem to mind if I suffocated inside the barrel,” I pointed out.
“There were no air holes in the barrel?”
“It was horrible and hotter than hell; the smell of plastic was overwhelming.” I slumped back in my chair, remembering.
“Did he call you by name?” Her question caught me off guard.
“No. In fact,” I paused a moment, trying to recall the initial conversation we had, “he didn’t seem to know either one of us.”
“You don’t think it was a hit?” The minute she said that, I knew Jeff had trusted her enough to tell her the truth about me.
“If it was, it was a strange one. Why didn’t he just shoot us both and be done with it?”
 “Good point. Why didn’t he do that? Why would he need to keep you alive? Was he planning to get a ransom for you?”
“I never even considered that.”
“Jeff is a very successful thriller author. Maybe someone thought he’d pay to save you.”
“We keep our relationship very quiet,” I confided to her. The truth was Jeff and I hadn’t been together as a couple all that long, and because he was a celebrity of sorts and I had a past that could come back to haunt us, we were trying to manage the information about our romance. “We’re very careful when we go out. It’s not really public knowledge. Yet.”
“Maybe the suspect found out you worked for Lisbeth Causley. He could have planned to call your boss and shake her down.”
“I don’t make a habit of talking about that either. Besides, I don’t think the man knew anything about me.”
“What makes you say that?”
“When he took my leather satchel, I thought maybe he was a meth head, trying to rob us.”
“He took your purse?” That seemed to capture her attention.
“Yes. I didn’t have a lot of money in my wallet and I doubt he could hock my tablet for much. That’s hardly a reason for shooting Johnny.”
“Meth addicts will do some pretty crazy things when they’re under the influence. Maybe he was going for your cell phone. Thieves like to steal those because most people don’t bother with security. It’s often a treasure trove of mineable data and they can get some serious money from the right buyer.”
“Maybe, but it was in my pocket.”
“Obviously he would have no way of knowing that.”
“No, I guess he wouldn’t,” I agreed. My thoughts returned once again to the man left for dead. “Poor Johnny.”
“Listen, let me just make that phone call to Vulcan. Cornie was pretty insistent that you have professional protection and these guys are the best around. In the meantime, I’m going to send a couple of my people back out to that field to secure the area, and then I want you to take me through what happened, step-by-step. Can you manage to do that?”
“Sure.”
“You want a Coke or something? Babaloo!” she hollered across the room to an older man sitting on the corner of his desk, arms folded, talking to a couple of uniformed officers. “Get the lady something to drink while I make a couple of phone calls. And make sure nobody bothers her.”
“Wait!” I suddenly sat up in alarm. “There’s something I should probably mention.”
“What’s that?”
“Jeff’s mother doesn’t know about me...um, about what happened to me.”
“Seriously?” The woman sitting across from me was clearly surprised by the news.
“I told you it was pretty complicated.”
“Well, that explains why Cornie told me not to share it with my colleagues. Boy, it must have been some nightmare you lived through.”
“It was. I was kind of hoping it was over, but it doesn’t look that way now,” I sighed.
“Hold on there. Let’s not go assuming facts not in evidence,” she told me. “We’re going to look at everything before we draw our conclusions, okay?”
“Okay.” There was a big part of me that hoped she was right, that this wasn’t a related crime. Then again, did I really want to deal with a new threat, one that also seemed to have murder in mind?
“It may take a while, but I’m confident we’ll get to the bottom of all this. Now, let me make those calls. Here comes Sergeant Robert A. Lewis. Babaloo, say hi to Chris.”
“Robert A. Lewis...Baba....” It took me a moment to understand.
“What can I say? Around here, we’ve all got nicknames,” said the tall, lanky man with the friendly smile as he took up his new perch on the corner of his colleague’s desk. “It could have been worse. These guys can be ruthless. Just ask Kekipi Kalakona. Usually he’s Kekipi o’ ki-yay, the old cowhand from Hyatt Grand, but when they really want to rile him up, they call him Pee-pee and Tinkle Man. Hilarious, huh?”
“It must be a guy thing,” I remarked.
“Yeah, I think you’re right. You’ll notice most folks around here call the pretty detective Goldie, Gwendolyn, or even Loo to her face, but don’t be fooled. Behind her back, she’s Gold-digger, Doll Face....”
“Are you almost done with that crap, Lewis?” asked the woman in charge, her hand over the mouthpiece of the receiver while she interrupted her phone conversation. There was no mistaking the fact he was incurring her wrath.
“And when she’s all fired up over a case, we call her Goin’-in-Gwendolyn, because there’s nothing she likes more than kicking in a door,” he continued jovially, ignoring the efforts of the disgruntled woman to shoo him away. Finally out of patience, she picked up a pen from the desk and poked him in the back repeatedly, until he stood up, laughing good-naturedly.
“Hey, hot shot, where’s that soda?” she growled.
“What can I get you?” Sergeant Lewis unfolded his arms and dug into his right pocket for cash, counting his quarters while he waited for me to decide.
“Something diet would be great,” I told him, suddenly realizing just how dry my throat was. I might have only been in that rain barrel for ten minutes or less, but in that time, I worked up a thirst. And the drive to the police station in Lihue didn’t bring me much relief, either.
He returned a couple of minutes later with a Diet Coke in hand and presented it to me with exaggerated formality, bowing at the waist. “Madam, I think you’ll find this is a rather delightful vintage, with a good bouquet.”
“Thanks.” I was eager to pop it open, but I paused long enough to give him a small, polite smile of appreciation. The second those carbonated bubbles landed on my injured tongue, I winced, but I kept drinking; the cool liquid seemed to soothe the fiery burn of the inflamed tissue.
“Goldie,” Babaloo turned to his colleague, trying to catch her attention. She held the phone against her chest, a bit impatient.
“Yes?”
“You’ve got some dame waiting in the lobby. Lizzie somebody. You want me to show her in?”
“Would you please, Bobby?”
“My pleasure.”
He was gone about five minutes, long enough for Lieutenant Golden to finish her calls. When he returned, he was accompanied by Lisbeth Causley.
She was in her professional author uniform of lavender linen jacket and white slacks, with her hair pulled back and her tortoise shell eyeglasses planted on the bridge of her nose. Slung over her shoulder was the usual oversized hobo bag. On an average day in the life of the author, it contained notebooks, pens, a voice recorder, a professional digital camera with video capabilities, and what she referred to as her “small” laptop, along with wallet, keys, makeup bag, and checkbook.
Long before I had ever met her, Jeff’s mother gained some measure of fame and earned a small fortune writing the Inspector Samuelson Investigates mysteries. She did it the hard way, with impeccable research and a tight, gripping writing style. Visiting police departments around the world, studying old cases, solved and unsolved, and even traipsing to forensic labs, Lisbeth Causley made a lot of friends in law enforcement over the last couple of decades. Respected for her even-handed treatment of cops and criminals in her mysteries, she earned her share of kudos from respected review journals, along with more than a few Edgar Awards.
As children, Jeff and his two brothers often accompanied their mother on field trips to gather research and it left its mark on them. I had come to conclude that the reason the Cornwall boys chose their respective careers was due in good part to their mother and her penchant for recognizing criminal mischief. Jackson was a New York State Police K-9 trooper, Lincoln an FBI agent. Jeff’s career path was far more complicated. I was still learning about the man hidden behind the thriller author hat.
“Are you okay, Chris?” was the first thing she said after she released me from her all-enveloping bear hug. I could see the worry on her face as she held me at arm’s length for a moment, awaiting my answer. I was still trying to decide. “It must have been a terrible shock for you.”
Compared to what? The last time someone tried to murder me? My life hasn’t exactly been what you might call normal. I was still getting used to the idea that people cared about me. For so many years, my family and I had been in the WitSec program. I had lived my life glancing over my shoulder, always afraid I might accidentally give myself away; trust didn’t come easily to me.
“It was,” I said at last. That reminded me that I still had no idea what happened to the real victim of this crime. “Lieutenant Golden, is there any word yet on Johnny Hiro?”
“I’m afraid not. But no news is often good news. At least they haven’t called to tell us he died.”
Those words brought a frown to Liz’s face. I could tell she thought them callous and a little too casual.
“That’s small comfort to his family,” said the author, her disapproval obvious.
The cop’s eyes lit on Liz. I could tell she was sizing her up, from the big gold button earrings to the gold necklace that drew the eye to this sixty-something woman with the elegant profile. Liz was a presence hard to ignore. Some people had a tendency to dismiss Liz as a serious investigator. Her good looks and confidence often garnered attention. Of course, she worked at both. Known for her vigorous workouts at the gym, she also regularly challenged her mind. In the past, she had solved a couple of cases that stymied the police, including a kidnapping and a couple of vicious murders, and she did it by studying case files, recreating the murder scene in diagrams, and catching details the investigators had missed. She could also be relentless when she was on the hunt, persistent to the point of never surrendering, and she wasn’t afraid to fight back. The lieutenant seemed to sense that.
“Gwendolyn Golden of the Investigative Services Bureau,” she announced to Liz, standing up and extending her right hand for a handshake. “We’re headed out to the crime scene. Care to join us?”
“I must insist on it,” was the curt reply.
“Feel free to call me Goldie, Mrs. Causley...er, Cornwall.”
“It’s Ms. Causley professionally,” said the author firmly. For a moment, I almost thought the two women were going to challenge each other to an arm wrestling match. Despite Goldie’s swagger and physical prowess, my money was on her opponent. She might not look much like a scrapper, but the mother of the man I love was adept at getting what she wanted through sheer willpower and determination. “Call me Liz.”
I figured I might as well take the bull by the horns and clear a path for both women, so they were on the same page. “Liz, Jeff knows Goldie professionally. He’s already spoken to her and she’s contacted a security team.
“Has he?” She didn’t sound all that surprised. Gwendolyn Golden took that as an opening and began to brief Liz.
“He’s concerned that Ms. Neeson is in danger. We still don’t know why the man kidnapped her,” said the investigator.
“Or, more importantly, shot Johnny,” I added.

Chapter Four --

“I have a couple of uniforms out there from the Koloa sub-station, keeping an eye on the field,” the investigator announced, “just in case the suspect returns to the scene of the crime.”
Five minutes later, we were in an unmarked cruiser, with lights but no siren, heading south on Route 50. Near Kalaheo, we left the highway, following the rural road as it wound its way up into the high country.
When we finally arrived at the entrance to the pasture, it was blocked by a marked cruiser and police barricades. Goldie flashed her credentials at the cop, who got out from behind the wheel and moved the sawhorse aside before waving us through.
Giving myself a mental shake, turned my attention to the here and now, forcing myself to concentrate on my surroundings. When I had driven in here earlier in the day with Johnny, my mind was busy absorbing the potential locations for the Namnoun-Birken wedding. We had chatted amiably about where to set up chairs and a makeshift altar to capture the magnificent view.
And on the way back out, I was in a police SUV, worrying about my injured companion, the man barely clinging to life, strapped onto a stretcher in the ambulance racing towards Lihue. The police radio had crackled and sputtered constantly, as the officers kept in touch with the dispatcher. They peppered me with questions, wanting a detailed description of the man and the red Nissan truck and I did my best to comply, but there was no sign anywhere of that pickup. It just seemed to disappear into a magic black hole, taking the driver with it.
Now, a couple of hours later, I forced myself to notice every little detail, worried that I had missed important clues. I retraced the chronology of events that brought Johnny and me here, calling up the memories in my mind.
It couldn’t have been more than a mile or so from Pineapple Bay Ranch to this open meadow. We hadn’t been here for very long. It took us a few minutes to walk from Johnny’s old Jeep to the edge of the vista. Our backs were turned on the grassy field while we admired the ocean. That’s why we didn’t see the red pickup approaching.
And once the man had slammed the door of the rusty Nissan, we took notice. He charged up the hill with a ferocity that was baffling, already on the offensive. The shooting had happened so quickly, without warning, without rhyme or reason. I still didn’t understand how that horrible man had found us. Was the truck already here when we arrived? I couldn’t remember seeing it.
At first, our route up to the spot where Johnny was shot was easy to navigate in Goldie’s police cruiser, thanks to the thick layer of crushed stone on the hard-packed soil; the further we went into the property, though, the rougher the surface of the road became. The Ford Crown Victoria seemed unable to keep up with the demands on its chassis. The gravel had washed away over time, leaving deep ruts, pockets, and gouges carved into the remaining dirt. The lieutenant cursed as the car rolled in and out of every pot hole with a bone-numbing shimmy. “So much for the shock absorbers.”
“This type of road requires an SUV,” Liz announced matter-of-factly. Our driver took that as a rebuke and bristled, her frustration showing as she formed her reply.
“I’ll be sure to let them know in the motor pool next time,” Goldie retorted.
“I would.”
From my perch in the front seat of the Kauai police cruiser, I could see the changes in elevation as the land dipped, forming a small valley, and then rose again to a wide expanse of flat grassy field. Johnny had said it was the perfect place for a gathering because the cool offshore breeze served as nature’s air conditioning. In his opinion, there was no need to hoist up a tent for the late afternoon ceremony. We had driven slowly in his battered four-wheel drive vehicle. At times, my hands had clung to the sides of the tattered seat as I felt myself jostled around in Jeep. He told me not to worry about transportation. He had a plan for the arrival of the guests and wedding party that didn’t involve using this particular road.
But that was then and this was now. I was returning to the scene of the crime with a seasoned investigator and a mystery writer with a penchant for truth. My earlier enthusiasm for finding a great spot for the wedding had been replaced by the solemn reality that a stranger bent on murder had followed us in his red truck and given it his best effort. He might still be successful if Johnny dies, I reminded myself. Think, Chris. Put it all in perspective. Come up with something, anything. Let your brain do the work.
Our attacker had to have followed us; how else did he know we were here? Or was there another explanation? Could he have already been here and we just didn’t see him? Did we interrupt him in the middle of something? I went over the probabilities in my head, arguing with myself. At last, I gave in and I posed a question to the two women with me. “Maybe he thought we caught him doing something illegal.”
“Perhaps. It’s still a little early to conclude that,” the cop replied.
“She’s right, Chris,” the author concurred. “You need more information.”
We drove another minute or so in silence, gritting our teeth as we bounced up and down in our seats. When Goldie misjudged a particularly large dip in the road, the Ford Crown Victoria leaned dangerously to the left, rising up briefly on two tires before slamming back down with a thud.
“Now you understand why the rain barrel bounced off the pickup truck when that maniac was headed down the hill and around the bend,” I announced, feeling somewhat vindicated.
“Point taken,” said the lieutenant through clenched teeth. “Now that I’m here, it’s easier to believe that part of your story.”
A few minutes later, I spotted the rain barrel about fifty feet ahead of us and off to the side of the road. “There it is!”
Liz rummaged through her satchel and pulled out her camera as Goldie rolled the cruiser to a stop. We climbed out to examine the blue container on the ground.
“You need photos of a barrel?” The cop folded her arms across her chest and gave her head a couple of shakes, baffled by the author’s effort to track the story.
“You’d be amazed at the things that turn up in crime scene pictures, lieutenant. You might think you’re seeing everything when you’re standing there, but sometimes the important clues don’t surface right away or they aren’t recognized as having significance until later. If you don’t have the photos to review, you might miss something critical.” She said it without rancor, a passing comment she might make to anyone. But that’s not how Gwendolyn Golden saw it. She took umbrage. Her cheeks flushed suddenly, turning a rosy pink. Had she really believed that Lisbeth Causley was an amateur when it came to researching crime? Or did she assume that, having gone to the police academy and earned a badge, the investigator automatically cornered the market on solving crimes?
Once she had her Nikon in hand, Liz raised it up to her face and began clicking the shutter button, taking photo after photo as she moved around the object of her attention. Finally, once she had documented every conceivable angle of the barrel, she stopped and turned her attention back to me. “Chris, I don’t see any real air holes. How did you breathe while you were locked in there?”
“It wasn’t easy, but once I pushed the plug out out of the top, I was able to put my mouth near the opening.”
“Gee, I still can’t imagine you sitting in there. That barrel must have been a tight fit.”
I shuddered at the reminder. “It was. I felt like a sardine.”
“There might be soil or liquid residue inside that might tell us something about where it came from, so let’s preserve the forensics,” said Goldie, handing each of us a pair of blue nitrile gloves and instructions not to touch the rain barrel unless it was absolutely necessary. Carefully righting it, she put her face close to the open barrel and peered inside. “It looks unused to me.”
“I think it’s new,” I concurred. “There wasn’t any moisture inside, so I don’t think it was ever used to collect rain water.”
On first glance, it was an ordinary container. The lid, lying in the grass just a few feet away, had the usual opening for the hose.
“The rubber plug should be around here somewhere,” I told the women. How far had it rolled when I finally managed to dislodge it from the lid?
“That plug couldn’t have been very big,” Liz decided.
“It wasn’t. It was small enough to fit in the palm of my hand.”
I looked back at the spot where the blue rain barrel now sat, trying to gauge the likely location for the piece of rubber. My best guess was that it had to be within ten feet of that container, so I fumbled through the knee-high grass, circling the barrel, while Liz and Goldie conferred. I carefully used my feet as makeshift rakes, combing through the vegetation.
“Here it is,” I announced triumphantly, grasping it carefully in my gloved hand. Both women hurried over to examine it. The cop pulled an evidence bag from her pocket and held it open while I deposited the black stopper.
“What’s it used for?” Liz wanted to know. “I thought this barrel collected rain water through an opening in the top and fed it out through a spigot at the bottom.”
“That’s the typical setup for backyard gardeners, but this might be part of a farmer’s irrigation system. Sometimes farmers transport the water barrels from one field to another or one and often hook up several, so they can just use one sprayer. See? There are four ports down here,” I pointed to one of the caps covering the small hole where a tube would normally be installed during a spraying operation.
“In addition to weddings, you’re also an expert on rain barrels,” the lieutenant commented, not bothering to hide her disbelief.
“Not really,” I admitted with a slight shrug. “My dad could or his colleague, Lara Street, could better answer your questions about the barrels. They’re familiar with irrigation practices.”
“How convenient,” the lieutenant remarked.
That seemed to stick in Liz’s craw. “Are you insinuating something here? I’ll have you know Lara Street is a good friend of mine. I’ve known her for decades. She’s a very well respected professor at Cornell.”
“I’m not suggesting the professor is the problem, Liz.”
“What are you suggesting?”
“Ms. Neeson seems to know a lot about this kind of stuff, maybe too much.”
“Of course she does! She’s always been around plants. She comes from a family of botanists. Her mother was a landscape architect. What does that have to do with the fact that she was stuffed in a rain barrel?”
“Excuse me?” The lieutenant’s voice rose in response to Liz’s rebuke. “I’m investigating the rather suspicious circumstances....”
“And I’m here on the island researching several of the farms on Kauai. Everyone who has a water problem needs to have some kind of cistern or water collection system. It’s hardly unique!”
“Wait a minute. You’re researching family farms?” She looked at Jeff’s mother and then at me. “Ms. Neeson, tell me again; what were you and your friend doing here?”
“We were trying to find a good location for a wedding.”
“Whose?”
“Hanna Namnoun and Peter Birken. They’re coming in from the California in a couple of weeks.”
“How does Mr. Hiro fit in here?”
“Johnny works on the ranch where the couple will be staying. He told me he got permission for us to check it out as a possible setting for the ceremony.”
“Do you know the owner personally?” Those steel blue eyes searched my face for the slightest sign of deceit. I’d hate to be on the wrong side of a lie when Gwendolyn Golden was investigating. The rigid, unyielding intensity of that stare made me want to tell her everything I knew.
“I’ve never met him, but I know he’s a friend of Ted and Kellie Boscomb.”
“Ah, the Pineapple Bay Ranch. I’ve been out there for social events. I’ve even had a trail ride or two.” The lieutenant gave me a slight smile as she pulled out her notebook and a pen. “How are you connected with the Boscombs?”
“As you know, they host events on the ranch. Kellie wants to start offering unique wedding ceremonies, to attract more business and make the Pineapple Bay Ranch a one-stop wedding and elopement destination. They’ve spent the last three months transforming the landscape in anticipation of opening Pineapple Bay Weddings. They have a large pond on the property, surrounded by several varieties of palms and other tropical foliage, so Ted and Kellie built a small dock near the waterfall and added a footbridge. When the conch blower starts the procession with the sounding of the Pu, the bride crosses the footbridge and joins the groom and the minister on the dock for the vows.”
“Sounds nice,” Goldie replied. “I’m sure folks will flock to the ranch for that special day.”
“You know that famous Wai`oli Hui`ia Church in Hanalei?” I asked. She gave me a quick nod, as if to hurry me along. “Ted and his ranch hands just built a much smaller version of that as an intimate chapel, complete with the most amazing stained glass windows. There are pews to seat thirty and there’s even room for a six-person choir up by the small altar. They found a semi-retired pastor who lives in the area; he’s the man who will be performing the ceremonies. On Sundays, he presides over a Christian worship service for their ranch hands; guests at the B and B are also welcome.”
“That sounds ambitious.”
“The Boscombs have put a lot of money into the project already; they hired me as a consultant to help them get it all organized.”
“How does she fit into all this?” The Investigative Services Bureau investigator tilted her head towards Liz, whose face now wore a disapproving frown. “What’s the connection between you two and the wedding thing?”
That was the wrong thing to say about a woman with a healthy ego. “Did you just say ‘she’? Who am I, the cat’s mother?”
“You’ll have to ask Liz about A Hint of Cinnamon,” I replied, hoping to get out of the direct line of fire. It wasn’t my place to talk about Lisbeth Causley’s business. She was standing less than three feet from me and she certainly was more than capable of speaking up for herself; she did just that a few seconds later.
“My newest book is a romantic suspense tale, under my pseudonym of Serena Duvall. This one is about a runaway bride with a tragic secret.”
“You write fluff?”
“Excuse me?” Liz’s voice hardened. “Do you mind defining ‘fluff’ for me?”
“I didn’t peg you for the type to write heaving bosom crap,” the Kauai cop explained. “I’ve read your Inspector Samuelson mysteries and they’re fairly accurate in terms of law enforcement issues.”
“So,” the offended author growled, “the minute you hear the words ‘romantic suspense’, you automatically assume that I’m writing ‘fluff’? I’ve somehow checked my brain at the door and gone all cotton candy goofy?”
“I didn’t say that.” Goldie seemed genuinely surprised by Liz’s response.
“You didn’t have to say it. It’s written all over your face. You assume that anything involving matters of the heart are automatically trite and inconsequential, and therefore not worthy of your time or interest.”
As I stood there, I could tell my future mother-in-law was determined to lay Gwendolyn Golden out in lavender for her comments. I thought maybe that was a discussion saved for another day. Johnny Hiro was fighting for his life at Wilcox Memorial Hospital in Lihue and it seemed to me we were wasting time.
“Can we get back to investigating the attack, ladies? We’re trying to catch the guy who shot Johnny, aren’t we?”

Chapter Five --

“Fine by me. Who owns this land?” demanded the chastised cop.
“I don’t know his name.”
“Did Mr. Hiro mention how he knew about it?”
“His father and grandfather worked for the previous owners, who had raised cattle. Johnny knows the son, who inherited it about three years ago and is considering selling the upper pasture land for development. At least that’s what Johnny says.”
“How many acres are we talking about here?” Liz wanted to know.
“I have no idea.”
“It must be very valuable, though. People would pay a fortune for this view.”
“I’m sure, but it seems a real shame to lose more agricultural land to condos and houses.”
“Did he mention the asking price?” The author pressed on, her interest piqued.
“I have no idea, Liz.”
“Why?” demanded the lieutenant. “You want to buy it?”
“I can’t help but wonder whether the attack on Johnny and Chris had more to do with the ‘Return Hawaii to Its Natural State’ movement than anything else.”
“Say what?” The lieutenant was taken aback, but I thought there might be some truth to it.
“Oh, I heard about that, Liz. The group wants to make Hawaii wild again, with a ban on all development. Didn’t they start buying up land as it hit the market?”
“They did until their money ran out a few months ago, thanks to that lawsuit and an injunction. They had to pay a man more than three million dollars because they burned down the home he was building and killed his pets in the process.”
“Eco-terrorism?” Goldie looked surprised. “How do you know about that?”
“Botanists are often on the ugly end of the equation,” Liz informed her. “Lara was working on a project in Florida to improve the crop yield of hybrid corn that was naturally pest resistant and drought tolerant. Some of the local environmentalists decided that she must be promoting genetically modified organisms, better known as GMO’s, infusing the plants with specifically modified genes to increase crop production. She received threats on her life and needed police protection for several weeks.”
“I didn’t know that,” I said. No wonder Lara and my father were like two peas in a pod. If anyone could understand the Neeson family’s life on the run, it was Lara. My grandparents had been murdered while my father and grandfather were looking for ways to reduce the potency of heroin poppies. It was the reason I had grown up in the WitSec program.
“She doesn’t like to talk about it,” Liz added, “but she still has to be careful. These environmentalists focus on one or two issues and ignore the fact that people like Lara also work hard to preserve heirloom plants.”
“Heirloom plants?” It was obvious that gardening was not one of Goldie’s interests.
“Have you ever smelled a rose and found no fragrance?” I asked her. “A lot of roses are bred for their looks, not their fragrance. Or they’re cross-bred for certain traits, like they like to climb only to a certain height. Heirloom roses are not only amazingly fragrant, they are beautiful, but they don’t usually bloom as long during the season, nor do they have as many blossoms. They’re vulnerable in ways that hybrid roses often aren’t. The same is true for tomatoes. Those heirloom tomatoes might be big and juicy, but you’ll only get a small batch from each plant. A lot of gardeners plant both heirloom and hybrids, in order to have tomatoes all season long. And now the new trend botany is grafting, because you can get some of those important traits without genetically altering the plant itself.”
The rough road ended several yards from the ridge overlooking the ocean, so the lieutenant parked the cruiser and we got out to hike the rest of the way.
“Tell me more about this while we walk up to the scene of the shooting.”
We talked about the role of botanists in the hunt for pharmaceutical drugs like oxycodone, about how researchers reversed the process developed by my father, grandfather, and others to make poppies less potent, increasing the powerful medical benefit of the painkiller. By the time we reached the summit overlooking the ocean, Goldie was willing to concede that I might not have been the attacker who shot Johnny Hiro. She also agreed the view was stunning.
“What had you planned to do for this spot?” she wanted to know.
“We hadn’t actually gotten that far. Johnny and I were just standing here, trying to figure out what we could do, when we heard the door shut on the red Nissan truck. The driver came barreling up the hill. He parked where you parked the cruiser. We just assumed he was coming to tell us this was private property. Johnny was going to inform him that the owner gave us permission to be here.”
“But that’s not what happened?”
“No,” I frowned. “No, it wasn’t. The man just came at us with a gun.”
“Describe him,” she instructed me, tapping her pen on the notebook. “Tall, short, thin, fat....”
“Short, maybe five and a half feet. His pants were khaki-colored, and he had on a gray tee shirt.” I closed my eyes, trying to picture my abductor again. My best view of him had come when I was climbing into the barrel. “His hands were calloused and there was dirt under his fingernails. He had curly gray hair that he pulled back into a long ponytail. He was wearing work boots on his feet. I think they were dark brown or black, very scuffed up, dusty. He sounded like a smoker. His voice was very raspy.”
“How old?”
“Maybe fifty something, or even a little older.”
“How did he come to shoot Mr. Hiro?” She and Liz were watching me closely now, intently.
“Johnny stepped in front of me and tried to talk to him, saying, ‘Hey, brah! Not to worry. We’ve got permission to be here from...from....”
I couldn’t remember the name Johnny mentioned, but I did remember the reaction from the shooter. A cold, calculating look came to his eyes and he pointed the gun at Johnny. A sharp crack sounded a second later; it startled me and I jumped. I heard the sad, little gasp that emerged from Johnny’s lips just before he stumbled backwards. I tried to catch him, but I wasn’t fast enough. He went down hard, hitting the ground with a thud. By then, the man with the gun had turned around and gone back to his truck, where he was pulling down the rain barrels from the back. He rolled them in our direction. One of them struck my right knee as I pleaded with Johnny not to die. The crimson stain had already begun to spread across his upper chest.
“Did the assailant seem to recognize the owner’s name?” the cop wanted to know. I nodded. I could still recall that look of fury on his face.
“That really seemed to aggravate him for some reason.”
“Was there anything else that you noticed about the truck? Were there other barrels in the back?”
“No, just the two. But he had a black tarp -- you know that kind with the metal rivets? It was folded under the barrels, like a liner for the truck bed.”
“It sounds like he came prepared. Maybe he planned to kill you two from the get-go,” Goldie suggested.
Liz agreed it was possible, but in my mind, there was a big problem with their theory.
“If I didn’t know I was coming here today,” I sputtered, “how did the shooter?”
“Come again?” The lieutenant stopped writing in her notebook and frowned at me like I was the proverbial unwelcome skunk at the picnic, stinking up the party.
“I was talking things over with Kellie this morning when Johnny came in to ask her what she wanted him to pick from the garden. He heard us talking about Hanna and Peter’s upcoming wedding; that’s when he told us he knew a great place overlooking both the ocean and the mountains.”
“Your trip here was spur-of-the-moment?” Liz seemed perplexed by that news.
“It was. Ask Kellie.” I gazed at Goldie, trying to gauge her reaction. I didn’t get far. The cop’s face was a mask; any emotions she had about the case were now hidden behind it. The last thing she wanted to do was guess wrong again.
“We’ll be interviewing the Boscombs soon enough.” She seemed to switch gears with her next question. “What else can you tell me about Johnny Hiro?”
“I got the impression he had worked at Pineapple Bay Ranch for several years,” I said, watching her write that down in her small notebook.
“Maybe it’s a drug deal gone bad.” Liz tossed out the idea casually, only I didn’t buy it. It was true that I hadn’t spent much time with him, but in less than than an hour, I had formed a favorable opinion of the man.
“I don’t think Johnny was like that,” I replied. “Kellie seemed to have a lot of respect for him. He struck me as a very practical man, very detail-oriented. He was too...meticulous, too organized, too focused to be a druggie.”
“How so?”
“He suggested we have the ceremony over there because the ground was dry, flat, and shady in the afternoon,” I pointed off into the distance. “He even offered to hook up the hay wagon to the tractor, so he could cut across the various pastures to transport guests to the site, saving them the drive on that bone-numbing road. He promised they’d get a great view of the mango grove and the ocean from the lower pasture.”
“This land is adjacent to the Pineapple Bay Ranch property?” The policewoman seemed surprised as she scanned the horizon. Why wouldn’t she be? The entrance to the Boscombs’ farm was almost a mile down the road.
“I think the two properties are like opposite squares in a quilt, touching at the corner. Johnny seemed to think the other land owners wouldn’t mind if he crossed their land at that point to get the wedding party up here.”
“How long have you been working at the Pineapple Bay Ranch, Chris?” Goldie continued her probing of the details.
“Not at,” I corrected her. “I’m a consultant. I’m helping Kellie to set up her wedding business. I provide advice and ideas, but she’ll be the one in charge of the actual event planning.”
“Okay. I’ll rephrase the question. How long have you been a consultant for the Boscombs?”
“Gosh, let me think. Is it a week, Liz?” I turned to her for confirmation, but she had a faraway look on her face. “Liz?”
She was lost in thought, her mind clearly on something else. When Liz finally turned back to us a moment later, her words took us by surprise. “Maybe there’s a logical reason why Johnny was shot.”
“Logical how?” I couldn’t imagine such a senseless act could be explainable.
“What’s the usual reason for cases of unpremeditated murder?” She whirled around to face Goldie. “The guy gets caught somewhere doing something he ought not to do, so he kills the guy because....”
“Ah, she’s right,” said the cop, suddenly alert. “You might have something there, Liz.”
I stood there, wracking my brain for an explanation that made sense. And then it hit me. “You think Johnny knew the guy!”
“Or at least recognized him from somewhere. That might explain why the assailant shot Mr. Hiro. He couldn’t risk letting him live.”
“Because Johnny can identify him?”
“Exactly,” Goldie agreed. She nibbled at her bottom lip with the enthusiasm of a Stimpson’s goby feeding on its precious patch of algae, as she considered the possibilities. “Mr. Hiro was struck in the chest, not the face. That probably means....”
“...it wasn’t personal,” the author concluded, explaining the forensic psychology to me. “When the killer knows his victim and there are strong emotions driving the violent behavior, he’ll often try to obliterate the victim’s face in some way.”
“Which doesn’t seem to be the case here,” the lieutenant pointed out. “There’s probably not a strong connection between the two men, so the killer probably isn’t a fellow worker on the Pineapple Bay Ranch.”
“That’s supported by the fact that Johnny felt the need to inform him they had permission to be here.,” Liz added. “Could he work for the owner of this property?”
“I don’t know. I’m not sure that fits. When I asked that horrible man why he shot Johnny, he told me a witness was a liability,” I told them, trying to be helpful. “But he didn’t seem to care about Johnny in particular.”
“They still might know of each other somehow. It could be a nodding acquaintance,” Liz interrupted, “maybe someone else who works on another farm.”
“Or someone hanging around the area lately. He said a witness was a liability? That suggests he had planned to do something he didn’t want anyone to see. Cattle rustling is a growing problem around here. Beef is big business.”
“They don’t keep cows in this field,” Liz decided. “There’s no fencing.”
“But why kidnap me? Why not just shoot Johnny and leave me alone, or shoot us both?”
“It’s hard to say, Chris. He must have felt like he had his reasons, twisted though they may be. I’m still not convinced that he’s in his right mind. He might have been high on something.” Liz put a reassuring hand on my shoulder, while Goldie barged ahead, pushing the clues into some semblance of a working theory.
“But he had enough sense to bring those two rain barrels with him. That could show premeditation. After he gunned down Mr. Hiro, he left one of those behind; I think he planned to return to the scene and pack up the body when he got done doing whatever it was he planned to do to Chris.”
“It’s possible,” Liz decided. “With the black tarp at his disposal, he could have easily concealed the bloody evidence; perhaps he deliberately chose not to do that.”
“Or was afraid he’d be caught in the act of transporting the bodies,” the investigator answered.
I found the whole hypothetical explanation almost overwhelming. “What does all this mean?”
“Well, Chris, the good news is it probably wasn’t an attempted contract killing.” As soon as those words came out of my future mother-in-law’s mouth, my gaze locked on her face. I was afraid of what I might see. In eyes that were as pale as sandalwood, I saw the shocking truth. Despite all the months Jeff and I had worked so hard to hide my past from her, despite our many efforts to rework the story of how we met, Lisbeth Causley was onto us. “Oh, don’t look so surprised, kiddo. You forget that Lara and I are close. Did you really think I would risk my best friend becoming a target for contract killers without getting to the bottom of your father’s dilemma?”
I should have known she would persist in digging through my past. It was a part of her nature, like breathing. Whenever Lisbeth Causley got the slightest whiff of intrigue, she instinctively became a hunter, following the scent like a bloodhound. Jeff once warned me that the only way he could ever get his mother to stop snooping was to give her a bigger, juicier mystery to pursue. I prepared myself mentally to execute a distraction. Don’t let her know you’re still nervous, Chrisanth. Think about something else, so she doesn’t smell your fear.

Chapter Six --

“I guess not,” I admitted, giving a slight shrug of surrender. I was both relieved and horrified, because I knew something she didn’t. I may have grown up in the federal witness protection program, but that it wasn’t the only time I was a target for hired killers. What was I to say? The good news is that I’m no longer hunted because of the work my father and grandfather did to negate the effects of heroin and opium. The bad news is I almost married a guy who was heavily involved in international money laundering.
“Judging from your description of the suspect, Chris, I think it’s safe to assume he’s probably not a hired killer. Either that or it’s the most bizarre disguise ever used.” Jeff’s mother was clearly trying to reassure me; it seemed like a good idea to let her, so I played along.
About twenty minutes later, just after the forensics team arrived on the scene and exited their truck amidst a great deal of grumbling about the rough ride, Goldie, Liz, and I piled back into the police cruiser to start the journey back to the paved country road. This time, the lieutenant made a concerted effort to navigate the ruts; unfortunately, we didn’t notice much improvement. It was a real relief when we reached the police barricade.
We had traveled no more than five or six miles on Highway 50 when the police radio crackled and Goldie reached over to turn it up.
“We have a dead body found in a red Nissan pickup truck just south of Puu o Hewa Reservoir. Possible homicide,” the dispatcher announced. I heard Goldie suck in a breath. “That’s two dead in one day for the Waimea District team out of Koloa. Boy, will that skew the stats for the annual crime report. Normally, we might get two or three homicides in a year. I wonder if our suspect found another victim.”
By the time we reached the area where the victim was found, there were so many Kauai Police vehicles crowded onto the narrow strip of pavement where the crime scene team had set up their equipment, Goldie gave up and parked the cruiser beside a uniformed officer directing traffic.
“Keep an eye on these two. Make sure nobody bothers them. One of them is a witness to a related shooting,” she commanded the young cop before bounding over to a tent. Lifting the flap, she disappeared inside.
Ten minutes later, she emerged, looking grim. Climbing back behind the wheel of the cruiser, her cell phone in hand, she shifted in her seat so she could see us both.
“Well, we may have a rather unusual problem, ladies. The victim of this homicide appears to fit your description of your assailant, Chris.”
“What?”
“Someone slashed his throat.” She held up her cell phone to show me a photo. “Do you recognize him?”
“That’s the guy!” I exclaimed. Then my excitement faded as I realized the implications of the situation. “But if he’s dead, who killed him?”
“We’re working on that. It could be a drug deal that went bad. It looks like this guy was camping here and living out of his truck. A couple of local fishermen with a dog found the body when they were driving up to the reservoir. The dog alerted them.”
“Does that mean Chris isn’t in any danger any more?” Liz wanted to know.
“Did you find my purse?”
“I assume so on the first question. I don’t know about the second,” replied the investigator, even as she was dialing her phone. “Give me a sec.”
The seconds turned to minutes and the minutes began to accumulate. Goldie’s demeanor underwent a metamorphosis as she was repeatedly put on hold by a colleague from the Investigative Services Bureau. At first delighted by the prospect of a quick wrap-up of the case, she grew silent as the clock ticked on and the details of the murder, and its victim, became known to her. By the time she finally ended the call, Gwendolyn Golden was morose.
“What’s wrong?” I tentatively inquired, not even certain she could hear me. Heaving a deep sigh of dismay, the frustrated policewoman shook her head once, slapped the steering wheel hard with her right hand, and let loose with a stream of colorful cuss words. We let her get it all out of her system, waiting patiently until she was finished. When she put her hands on her thighs, we knew the worst of the storm was over. Another few moments passed before she spoke.
“A case of a lifetime and the bastard is dead. Rupert Quillane has a yellow sheet several pages long. He’s wanted in five states for a variety of violent crimes, including at least two murders for hire. He’s still the suspect in at least four missing persons cases and he took the answers with him to the grave.”
“Meaning those bodies were never found?” Liz leaned over the front seat, holding onto my headrest, her face just a few inches from mine. I could smell the vanilla notes of her perfume. “Interesting.”
“Yes. Why couldn’t we have caught him?”
“Does that mean he was hired to kill me?”
“He’s not that kind of contract killer,” the investigator responded. “He’s more like the thug who gets paid to twist arms and menace people. Some of those missing persons could still be alive, but too terrified to come home again.”
“Who would have killed him?” I wanted to know. “That seems strange.”
“Not really, Chris. I remember one case in upper New York State. A guy hired a thug to kill his wife, and as soon as she was dead, the husband turned around and whacked the thug.”
“Does that mean Quillane finished what he was hired to do, whatever Johnny and I interrupted when we showed up in the field?”
“Maybe,” Liz shrugged. “That makes a twisted kind of sense.”
“Speaking of twisted, it gets worse,” Goldie acknowledged. “The coroner just informed my boss that he doesn’t think this is a homicide at all. The preliminary evidence suggests the man actually cut his own throat.”
“How is that even possible?”
“He could have been having a psychotic or schizophrenic break from reality,” Liz decided. “If the man was hearing voices that told him to act, he would have proceeded.”
The entire ride back to the main police station in Lihue was spent speculating over Rupert Quillane’s life of crime. By now, law enforcement agencies on the mainland were getting word of his death and sending information to the Kauai Police. The FBI was sending a pair of agents from the Honolulu field office. As I listened to all the talk, one thing bothered me.
“Why would he kill himself, especially after he shot Johnny Hiro and kidnapped me? It just doesn’t make sense to me.”
“Maybe he was punishing himself for letting you get away, Chris,” said the woman in the back seat. “If he thought Johnny was dead and he left no witness behind, your turning up missing from the back of his pickup might have pushed him over the edge.”
“But we still don’t know where he planned to take me or even what he was going to do with me, do we? If, as you say, he murdered at least two people and there are four other people still missing, wouldn’t he have a modus operandi, some sort of behavioral pattern for his crimes?”
“So?”
“What was he doing in his truck in that field when Johnny and I were there? What if we weren’t the reason for his actions? What if we interrupted him in the process of doing something criminal?”
“Well, lucky for you, it’s no longer an issue.”
“But I disagree,” I replied, with more insistence than normal. “You’re assuming that Johnny and I were the intended targets of his efforts. What if we weren’t?”
“Tell you what, Chris. Why don’t you let us worry about all that? The important thing now is to hook you up with Vulcan Security and they’ll babysit you until everyone is satisfied you’re no longer in danger.”
“But....”
“Come on now, Chris. You’re not really trying to tell me my job, are you?” Gwendolyn Golden gave me a little sideways glance and a sly smile. I could feel the stinging rebuke. She thought I was just another amateur, seeing evil lurking in the shadows. But I had been in the WitSec program since I was a teenager. I’d had my share of close calls and scares. There was just something about Rupert Quillane that didn’t sit right with me. Something was off. I didn’t believe the man killed himself, any more than I believed the shooting of Johnny Hiro was just a random act of ordinary violence. That felon was on that property for a reason, and the little voice inside me, the one that had protected me through the years, was now screaming at my conscious mind. This isn’t over.
On the way back from the reservoir, the cop insisted we stop for a bite to eat, claiming she hadn’t eaten all day. She ordered a cheeseburger, fries, and a Coke, and then got on the phone to the man she knew at Vulcan Security, briefing him on the situation while she waited for her food to arrive.
Liz encouraged me to have something. “It’s been a long day for you, Chris.”
“I’m not really hungry.” I was still too nervous to have much of an appetite.
“At least have a milkshake. It will go down easily.” She patted my hand. “You’re probably dehydrated.”
I took her suggestion seriously and ordered a vanilla one. Goldie ignored us and kept talking.
“Meet us at the station, Ricky. We’ll be there in about thirty minutes and I’ll turn the woman over to your capable hands. You take it from there. No, I’m sure it’s not necessary, but the media is going to be all over this, so they’ll probably be pestering her for the next week. You know how predatory those press people are when they’re trying to get an exclusive.”
It didn’t take long for me to find out why Gwendolyn Golden didn’t want to waste time pursuing the lingering questions about a man wanted for murder. She came right out and told me when I asked.
“Don’t take this the wrong way, Chris. It’s not that we don’t care; it’s that we can’t afford to care. We have a limited budget for our investigations and operations. The suspect is dead. He’s not going to kill anybody else. That money is better applied to unsolved cases and suspects who are still dangerous. The FBI will probably step in and want to interview you at some point, but as far as the Kauai Police Department is concerned, this case is closed.”
Just after four, the Crown Victoria pulled off of the Kapule Highway and onto Kanaa Street. A small crowd of reporters was gathered in front of the building. Goldie recognized several of them. Some had arrived on island shuttle flights or by helicopter, others by car, their cameramen in tow. Local stringers for the news services were ready to stream their interviews live, laptops in hand. This was clearly big news.
“There’s Ricky!” the lieutenant announced, spotting a fifty-something man in a short-sleeved Oxford shirt and tan slacks, leaning against his black Mazda SUV about three hundred yards up the road from the station. “Get ready to disembark, ladies. Please do it quickly, so the press doesn’t spot us.”
We unbuckled our seatbelts as the sedan slowed down. Liz popped the door open and we scrambled out of the sedan and into the SUV. A moment later, the Kauai Police cruiser rolled away, past the front of the station, and into the parking lot. The members of the press corps came alive, standing up, stretching, and then jogging toward the new arrival. We watched the action from the back seat as Ricky took the wheel, started the engine, and pulled out into traffic, slowly cruising past the police station. The moment she alighted from the car, Lieutenant Golden was swallowed up by the journalistic scrum.
“Let’s get you ladies out of here,” said the Vulcan Security expert. “I talked to Mr. Cornwall while I was waiting. He’s flying in tonight to personally take charge of the situation. In the meantime, he wants you back at the resort, safe and sound.”
“Good,” said Liz. “This has been a rather harrowing day.”
“I’m Richard Freschetti, by the way. Feel free to call me Rick.”
The first thing he did when we got back to the Waipouli Beach Resort was to escort Liz into her condo and make sure no one was lying in wait. Once she was settled, he followed me upstairs to my condo, where an excited little dog pawed at his crate door.
“I really need to take him outside,” I informed the security expert. “He’s been in there too long.”
“Not a problem,” was the amiable reply I got.
Snapping on Coop’s harness, I grabbed the leash and my keys while Rick poked his head around every corner, checked under every bed, and examined every closet.
“I noticed you have a man staying with you. Is that Mr. Cornwall?”
“No, my dad’s in the other bedroom. He’s working in Hanalei today. I don’t expect him back until late.”
Five minutes later, Rick and I were strolling along the bike path while the happy dog sniffed at the bushes. “That was quite an experience you had today.”
“One I’d like to forget,” I admitted.
“Would you like to talk about it?” He saw me hesitate and gave me a little smile. “I used to profile people for the Secret Service, so I’m always curious about criminals. From what Goldie told me, this guy sounds like he was a few bricks short of a load.”
“Maybe.”
“You’re not convinced?”
“Not really. There was just something about him....”
“Mr. Cornwall explained to me that you used to be in witness protection.”
“Did he?” I was starting to feel rather vulnerable. I wasn’t used to people knowing so much about me or my past.
“In my experience, people like you often operate on instinct, and when you have misgivings, it’s probably worth exploring your impressions. So, if you were to sum up your impression of the attacker, what would it be?”
“He was on a mission of some kind. Whatever he thought he was doing, it seemed to make sense to him. I don’t think he was hearing voices or even suicidal.”
“And what’s your biggest question about what happened to you today?”
“What if we weren’t his intended targets?”
“Meaning?”
“What if he was in that field for some other purpose and we interrupted him, and that’s why he attacked?”
“Hmm....” Rick considered the idea. “I suppose anything’s possible.”
“As in you believe me when I say this isn’t over?”
“As in I wouldn’t rule anything out at this moment in time. We’d have to have a reason to explore the idea further, some kind of hard fact that supports the theory.”
“Does that mean you’ll help us look for one?”
“I’m on the clock. You might as well take advantage of that and use me in my professional capacity. Besides, I’d rather be investigating than sitting around killing time.”
An hour later, sitting at the dining room table, we went over the events of the day once more. Liz joined us just after five thirty. By six, she had gotten the names of the owners of the adjacent properties from Ted Boscomb. By six fifteen, she had spoken to two of the three. The third, Michael Gurne, didn’t answer his phone.
“So, that’s the guy who owns the field where you were attacked. Your buddy mentioned him to Quillane and Quillane seemed upset to you. Maybe that’s our starting point. We need to talk to Mr. Gurne.”
“Only he’s not answering his phone,” I pointed out.
“Right. Maybe I’ll get in touch with him first thing tomorrow morning.”
“I’d like to go there and speak to him in person.” Liz swirled the ice cubes in her glass of ice tea, watching them go around. I knew that look. She wasn’t going to accept no for an answer. “I’m beginning to think there’s a story here, one that needs telling.”
“Well, if Mr. Cornwall says it’s okay with him....”

Chapter Seven --

“Mr. Cornwall happens to be my son,” she replied. “I can’t imagine why he would have any objection, but we can ask him when he gets here.”
That was her way of announcing the discussion was over. Rick’s blue eyes moved from Liz to me. I gave him a small smile as he watched me. “You probably don’t know that Liz is a well-known author, better known as Lisbeth Causley. She writes the Inspector Samuelson Investigates series of mysteries. Several of them were based on real crimes. And as far as Jeff is concerned, he started his career as his mother’s research assistant, so I doubt he will say no.”
“You’re probably right,” he gave us a good-natured smile. “What sane man is going to turn down his mama?”
“Is there any way we can find out how Johnny Hiro is doing?” I asked Rick. “I feel terrible about what happened to him.”
 “I’ve got some contacts that might be able to drum up some information. Let me make a few phone calls.”
“Why don’t I get dinner started?” I stood up and made my way to the kitchen, followed by a hungry pooch. Rick pulled out his phone and started punching at the screen, texting. Liz moved over to the sofa and turned on the TV, in search of the latest news.
We sat down to pork tenderloin, mashed potatoes, carrots, and King’s Hawaiian sweet rolls an hour later. By then, Rick had spoken to Johnny’s wife and told her that we wanted to convey our concern for his recovery. According to Mariko, he was still in intensive care, but holding his own. The police were hoping to interview him for a statement in the morning.
Just after ten, Jeff called to say he had arrived in the parking lot and was heading up to my condo. It had been two weeks since we’d seen each other, but it felt like a year. I met him at the door. I was reluctant to let him go, hoping to lose myself in his strong, safe embrace. I wanted to forget everything that had happened over the last twenty four hours.
“I’m so glad you’re here,” I told him, wrapping my arms around him and leaning in for a kiss. His lips tasted of coffee.
“Me too, babe.” His fingers brushed a lock of hair away from my face before he planted a kiss on my forehead.
“Jefferson!” Liz got up from the sofa and crossed over to where we stood. With his left arm still wrapped around my waist, he gave his mother an affectionate squeeze with his right.
“Mom.”
“Darling, how was your flight?”
“Uneventful, unlike Chris’s day.” Jeff turned to the Vulcan Security man. Releasing his mother, he extended his hand to my bodyguard. “You must be Richard Freschetti.”
“I am. Good to meet you, sir.”
“How’s the situation been so far?”
“Since Chris isn’t the owner of record for this condo, the press is having some trouble finding contact information for her. I’ve got one of my people handling inquiries back at the office. He’s already released a statement to the effect that Chris had never met the suspect before today and that her thoughts and prayers are with the Hiro family. Since he’s officially reached out to reporters on her behalf, they now know that our firm is handling the security. They’re less likely to try to directly pester you, Chris, especially if we set up a controlled press conference within a day or two. You can read a statement and maybe take a couple of questions.”
“Do I have to?” I wanted to know.
“No, but there’s a benefit if you do; the press gets a sympathetic view of you and you can point them in Johnny Hiro’s direction by playing down your own role in the situation. After all, he’s the one who was nearly murdered.”
“That might be a good thing, Chris,” Jeff told me. “It’s also your chance to let people know that you and Johnny were minding your own business when this terrible thing happened.”
“Maybe,” I looked at Rick, “if you really think it will help.”
“I do, if for no other reason that it satisfies their curiosity. If you hide out too long, the story becomes more interesting because they’ll smell a story. Our biggest issue will be to keep Lisbeth Causley out of it. As tempting as it might be to use this to generate publicity for your next book, Liz, we want Chris to seem like a woman in the wrong place at the wrong time. The last thing we want is for anyone to find out you were in the federal witness protection program.”
“Good point,” she decided. “I especially don’t want my publisher to know, because they’ll exploit the crap out of this.”
“Well, I should get going.” Rick glanced at his watch. “I’ll call you in the morning when I find out what’s going on with Michael Gurne. In the meantime, where will you be, Mr. Cornwall?”
“Call me Jeff. I’ll be here, stretching out on the sofa. I’m not about to let Chris out of my sight.”
“Excellent idea.”
“I should go too.” Liz picked up her purse, her glasses, and her phone from the coffee table.
“Why don’t we walk down with you, Mom? Coop has to go out.”
The four of us went down in the elevator. We left Rick at the path to the parking lot after making arrangements to meet in the morning. Once he disappeared from view, we accompanied Liz to her ground floor unit in the next building. Jeff went through, room by room, and when he was satisfied there was nothing out of place, he kissed his mother on the cheek and said goodnight. “Call me if you have any problem.”
“I will, dear. Lara should be home soon.”
“Good.”
There was just a sliver of a moon when we stepped back outside with the dog. The evening was cool, so I tucked myself against Jeff, grateful for the body warmth. I adjusted my stride to synchronize with his limp.
“Thank you for coming here. I know you had to put a lot of work aside to do it.”
“Chris?” Jeff stopped and took me by the elbows, gazing down at me in the darkness. I could just barely see the outline of his lips in the moonlight. “When it comes to people I love, there’s no such thing as an inconvenient time. I would crawl across the burning desert to get to you. I would swim through a shark-infested sea to reach you. I would even climb Mount Everest with a Sherpa strapped to my back if you needed me. People will always matter more to me than money.”
“Mmm,” I kissed him gingerly at first, remembering my sore tongue, but as we continued locking lips, I let my passion speak for me. “In that case, I’m so glad you’re here.”
“I am too.” He laughed softly. “You do realize my mother isn’t going to let this case go, don’t you?”
“She isn’t?”
“Nope. Not a chance.” He opened the door for me to enter the building. “She’s already hooked.”
“How can you tell?” I wanted to know, as we made our way to the elevator.
“It’s fairly obvious. She spent most of her time watching you talk to Rick. She knows you’re not convinced the case is completely solved; you think there’s something else involved.”
“Did she?”
“She did. But it’s more than that. She knows there’s something Gwendolyn Golden missed. Did she take a lot of photos?”
“It seemed like she snapped hundreds, Jeff.”
“Whenever my mother takes a lot of photos, it usually means she’s operating on instinct. She has a knack for going on alert when something doesn’t feel right. It’s not woman’s intuition we’re talking about here. It usually means the clues don’t add up.”
We emerged from the elevator and walked down the hallway. “I think she’s right, Jeff. You know how contract killers are focused on their mission?”
“Sure. Why?”
“I think this guy had a job to do.”
“Well, he probably felt like he had one. That might be part of his mental illness, or....”
“Goldie and the police are acting like he’s just some kind of crazy guy who enjoyed killing.”
“That appears to be his history, Chris. There are two known murder victims and at least four missing persons whose disappearances are suspected to be at Rupert Quillane’s hands.”
“But what if there’s a method to his madness, Jeff? What if Rupert was in Hawaii for a reason?”
“Where are you going with this?” He sat down on the sofa and patted the seat next to him. I folded my legs and curled up at his side.
“He had to have a reason to be there in that field. It wasn’t an accident that he came after us, but I don’ think he went there because of us.”
“In other words, you think the answer is somewhere in that field?”
“Maybe. I guess I really just want to know one way or another.”
“Tell me something, love. Does this have anything to do with your life in WitSec?”
“Maybe a little,” I confessed. “I guess I really just want to know for sure that it wasn’t about my life as Marigold Flowers.”
“Okay,” he smiled at me, his expression thoughtful. “If both my mother and the woman I love think there’s more to the story than meets the eye, we’ll keep at it.”
“Thanks.” I patted his thigh, leaning in for another kiss. Just as I found myself carried away by the magic of the moment, I heard Paul Simon singing Mother and Child Reunion. It was Liz calling her son. He put it on speaker function.
“Jeff, I want to take another run out to that field first thing tomorrow morning. I’m convinced we’ll find more clues. Are you in or out?”
“Any way I can talk you out of it?”
“No. Does this mean I’ll be out there by myself, tiptoeing through the meadow muffins and cow pies? You would really do that to me?” She was already tossing the guilt card into the conversation. I took that as a sign that Lisbeth Causley intended to follow the trail. I heard him chuckle and gave him a playful push.
“Actually, Liz, Jeff and I were just making plans to go out there ourselves. I’m still convinced that Rupert Quillane had a purpose in being there.”
“Great. I’ll see you two at seven.”
My dad came home just after eleven, his eyes puffy with exhaustion. He set his briefcase down beside the closet, kicked off his muddy shoes, and let out a long, loud yawn.
“Hi, Chrissy. How was your day? Mine was brutal.” He took two steps into the room and did a double-take when he noticed Jeff. “Hey, I thought you went back to Atlanta!”
“Sit down, Woody. Chris had something unusual happen to her today.” Jeff pointed to the club chair.
Twenty minutes later, my father insisted he was coming with us tomorrow. He also decided that his fellow botanist and romantic companion, Lara, would join us. “We can use another trained pair of eyes on the ground, can’t we?”
“Sure, why not?”
“Chrisanth, I’m glad you’re okay. It could have been such a tragedy.” My dad leaned over and kissed the top of my head.
“I’m glad too. I’m just sorry to have to dump this on you so late at night.”
“Oh, don’t worry about that. It’s not your fault. You had no control over it, honey.”
“You left so early this morning. You must be exhausted, Dad. How about something to eat?”
“We grabbed a bite on the way home.” It had been a long day for him, I thought, listening as he gave us the rundown. He and Lara had started the morning by inspecting and treating a local organic coffee grower’s crop for rust. Next on their itinerary was a visit to a local farm near Kapaa, where some botany students from the University of Hawaii were trying to save a breadfruit orchard under siege from root rot. After lunch, the couple lectured on acceptable non-toxic treatments of bananas, mangos, and papayas. The afternoon was spent in supervisory meetings with a couple of botany grad students from Cornell University. They finished up the day with a hunt through a local rainforest on behalf of the Plant Extinction Prevention Program, collecting several specimens and seeds as part of the program to conserve and propagate rare native plants.
“It’s dirty work, especially when you’re slogging through mud, but someone has to do it. On that note, I’ll excuse myself. I want to go call Lara and let her know about tomorrow morning,” he told us, as he stumbled off to his room, bare-footed and in need of a long, hot shower.
“Goodnight,” I called after him. Once his bedroom door shut, I reached out my hand and ruffled Jeff’s dark head of hair with my fingers. I noticed the occasional silver threads running through it. He was such a handsome man. Sometimes I just wanted to look at him. “What do you say? Is it time for lights out?”
“Definitely.” He, too, seemed tired. I wondered how he managed to hop a plane from Atlanta to Honolulu and the island shuttle over to Lihue on such short notice, but I was so glad he did. I always felt better when he was around.
I grabbed a couple of pillows, sheets, and a pair of pillow cases from the linen closet while Jeff unfolded the sofa bed. “Do you mind if I leave the bedroom door open tonight?”
“Are you nervous about nightmares? It’s really not all that unusual after such a scary experience.” Those dark brown eyes seemed to see right through me. “You feel free to wake me up, love.”
“I just hope I don’t start screaming in the middle of the night.”
“It’s okay if you do. We’ve all done it once or twice.” He flopped down on the sofa bed, leaning on one elbow while his long legs sprawled across the double mattress.
“You?” I laughed and shook my head. “I find that hard to believe, given your tough guy status. You’re too...too driven to succeed, too cool-headed.”
“I hate to spoil the illusion, lady, but I’ve got news for you. I have my moments of doubt. I may push myself to get past them, but they’re right there, blocking my way until I overcome them.”

Chapter Eight --

I sat down on the corner of the sofa bed and took his hand in mine, not speaking right away. How could I explain my emotions to him? He had written several bestselling thrillers, some with retired Navy SEAL Fin Manetti, the handsome, rugged hero who always seemed to know the right thing to do. I thought of Fin as being Jeff’s alter ego. Was it just because I didn’t really know the man all that well yet? Jeff kept telling me we could take our time getting to know one another, but I thought his real life was sometimes so complicated, it might take a lifetime to know him as a man. “I sometimes see you as being larger than life, Jefferson. For some reason, I just assume you always know what you’re going to do and you just do it. I wish I could be more like that. I hate this feeling of panic.”
He threw his head back and laughed in that easy way he had. “Chris, I don’t always know what my next move is.”
“But you always look like you do,” I sighed. “You’re so....”
“Cocky?” he teased.
“I was going to say confident.”
“That’s just bluster, love. If there’s one thing I learned the hard way, it’s that you have to convince people you’re capable of taking the lead. The minute bad guys smell fear, they’re ready to pounce. If there’s one thing they have in common, it’s their predatory nature, so you have to convince them you’re bigger and badder than they are, and that the fight is going to cost them more than they want to pay.”
“Oh, I guess it’s a guy thing.”
“Not necessarily. Remember how Nancy and Terry taught you all those self-defense moves down in Florida? You saved your own bacon when you got snatched, Chris.”
“The man today had a gun, Jeff, and I couldn’t think of any way to overcome that when he forced me into that rain barrel.”
“Sometimes you don’t best the bad guy with the gun, but you always look for the opportunity to get away safely. It’s all about being the one who lives to fight another day.”
“Still,” I sighed, “you make it look so easy to be a superhero. It’s like breathing for you. You just seem to do it.”
“If I was going to be a superhero, believe me, I’d do a much better job. The only difference between you and me is that I’ve had more experience in handling crises, so I’m quicker on my feet. If it makes you feel any better, I think what you did today was absolutely spot on. Your instincts were solid; you understood that you needed to get out of that barrel in order to survive, so you did what had to be done. That’s all anyone can expect of you.”
“I thought I was going to die in that barrel, Jeff.” I could still remember the smell of that resin; it seemed to cling to me like an annoying perfume that turns one’s stomach.
“And you couldn’t stand that idea, could you? That’s what made you look for the opening. You didn’t surrender to those fears. You got creative. The secret to surviving is to keep trying different things until you hit on just the right thing, Chris. The minute you let yourself feel defeated, that’s when you stop recognizing the opportunities that come your way. It’s all about perception.”
Here and there, over the last month or two, Jeff had begun to share glimpses of the life he knew before he broke his back in a terrible accident. Dancing around the details, he had hinted at his secret past as if he were preparing me for some shock to my system. Or maybe it was just that he didn’t want to compromise the work he had done because it was still classified. I knew that Jeff’s fictional alter ego, Fin Manetti, had been involved in military black ops, and I suspected as much of Jeff, but without that actual confirmation, my musings were still just speculation.
“Please tell me you’re not suggesting that I’ll get used to this sort of thing,” I groaned, “because that sounds like I should expect other crazed lunatics to come after me!”
He didn’t say anything as he watched me; he just kept scratching Coop behind the ears. That was the moment my musings turned to certainty. Jeff was used to this rough-and-tumble life fraught with danger. To him, it was nothing out of the ordinary.
“Jeff?”
A small smile played upon his lips; I watched him fight the urge to give in and show his teeth. He wasn’t worried.
“What’s so amusing?” I poked him in the ribs with my index finger and felt him squirm.
“You have no idea how amazing you really are, do you?”
“Me?”
“You keep running into trouble and making your way out, and all the while, you keep assuming the worst is yet to come, even as you get better at dealing with some very rough characters.”
“But I don’t like it,” I countered, pulling my knees up to my chin as I sat beside him. “I wish I didn’t have to do it.”
“Honey, nobody does, except maybe adrenaline junkies and psychopaths. The point is you’re better at it than you think, even while you’re kicking and screaming.” He leaned over and kissed me tenderly. “We don’t always get to choose our circumstances, Chris, but we can decide how we’ll face those challenges. You can’t let the bad guys win, because they’ll do what bad guys do. They’ll keep destroying lives until they’re stopped.”
“I still hate it.”
“I don’t blame you,” he chuckled. “You can hate it all you want, as long as you survive it. That’s what I care about.”
I left him some time later, padding off to my bedroom. With the door wide open, I lay awake in bed for some time, watching the moonlight move across the room, chased by shadows. The fronds on the loulu palm just outside my balcony swayed in the light sea breeze. Every time I closed my eyes, I saw the face of Rupert Quillane. Why did he attack us? What did he hope to gain from his wicked ways? Was he just some sadist, out to kill for pleasure? Could it really have just been that he saw Johnny and me arrive in the beat-up old Jeep and, on the spur of the moment, decided we made perfect victims? My resistance to the idea only seemed to grow as the night wore on and sleep eluded me.
Sometime after two, Cooper nudged me, wanting to settle down on the bed next to me. The moment I moved my arm, he tucked himself against my body and went back to sleep. I could feel the reassuring beat of his tiny heart with my hand on his chest. Within a few minutes, I dozed off.
By four, I had suddenly awakened twice from a sound sleep; bolting upright in my bed each time, I was certain someone was in the room with me. But the dog slumbered on undisturbed at my side and I could see Jeff, sprawled on his back, with his long limbs spread across the double mattress of the sofa bed, peacefully dreaming. I closed my eyes and drifted off again both times.
At half past six, the little dog stirred. Sitting up, his stance alert, Cooper listened carefully for a moment or two before he bounced across the bed and down onto the ottoman. He scampered across the floor and out the door.
“Hey, little guy.” Jeff was in the kitchen. I heard the clanging of pots and pans as he got started on making breakfast.
I got busy in the bathroom, brushing my teeth and hair, changing into a pair of blue cotton shorts and a white tee shirt. Slipping on a pair of sandals, I made my way to the kitchen, where Cooper was retracing the chef’s footsteps in the hope that the man had dropped some tasty morsels.
“Good morning,” I said, planting a kiss on the lips that came my way.
“I take it you slept well,” he remarked, continuing to beat the eggs in the bowl he held.
“I did.”
My dad emerged from his bedroom, his hair still wet from his shower. He looked me up and down.
“You look great, Chris, but are you sure that’s what you want to wear today?”
“What’s wrong with it?”
“I learned a long time ago that when you’re doing field work, it’s always best to wear long pants and sensible shoes. You never know what’s going to crawl up your legs while your attention is otherwise occupied.”
I cringed at the thought of critters creeping up my bare skin while I was hunting for clues. With an exasperated groan, I turned around and headed back to my bedroom, ignoring the amused male glances. Returning in a pair of jeans and running shoes, I gestured to my new outfit.
“Will this do?”
“It will.”
“At least there aren’t any snakes in Hawaii.” I tucked my key ring into my pocket.
“That’s not actually true,” Jeff informed me with a grin, spatula in hand. “You might see the occasional Hawaiian blind snake or two.”
“No! But I heard there were no snakes on the islands!”
“It’s a myth,” my father replied jovially. “But if it makes you feel any better, dear, you’ll probably mistake these little snakes for earthworms.”
“Indeed.” Jeff winked at me. “Small enough to hold in your hand and not particularly scary. No fangs.”
“I can handle that, I suppose. Let’s go for a walk, boy.” I grabbed the harness and leash from the hook, tucked a plastic waste bag into my pocket, and scooped up the Yorkie for the trip outside. As I was fastening the strap around Cooper’s waist, Jeff gave me a nudge with his elbow.
“Do you mind collecting my mother and Lara? Tell them breakfast is almost ready.”
“Will do.”
The two women were temporarily sharing Liz and P. J. Cornwall’s ground floor condo in a nearby building while Jeff’s father was back in Ithaca, New York, teaching history classes. It was an arrangement both women enjoyed, and for my dad, the convenience of having Lara next door was priceless.
Cooper and I crossed the lawn and made our way into the vestibule of Liz’s building and down the hall. I knocked twice on her door, stepping back to wait. A moment later, I heard the lock click and saw the knob turn just before the door swung open.
“Hello there.” Lara was wearing a pair of khaki pants with extra pockets sewn onto the legs, a sun hat, and a thin, long-sleeved cotton blouse. On her feet she had a pair of pink and purple rubber Wellies, the quintessential gardening boots.
“Oh, you are the epitome of practicality,” I smiled, gesturing at her outfit.
“What can I say? It’s the typical uniform for any good botanist. I’ve got lots of places to tuck seeds, pods, bulbs, and specimens, not to mention gloves, a folding trowel, and a pair of compact pruners. And you’ll notice I never go anywhere without these.” She reached into one of the pockets on her right calf to show me an assortment of small, medium, and large zipper lock plastic bags.
“Those will come in handy if we find any evidence today. I’ve come to invite you both for breakfast, compliments of Chef Jeff.”
“How nice,” she smiled. “Liz left me a note to say she went down to the beach. Why don’t we walk down that way and collect her?”
“Good idea. Coop needs a chance to stretch his legs if he’s going to stay home today.”
“I see you’re also dressed for the job, Chris.”
“I was informed earlier this morning that shorts aren’t necessarily a good idea for what we have planned.”
“True,” said the botanist, grabbing her purse and tote bag on her way out the door. “Liz is forever teasing me about my field attire, but I’d rather err on the side of sensible than spend the entire day scratching.”
“Mosquitoes?”
“Sure. And ants. Sometimes you’ll come across the brown violin spider, a relative of the brown recluse spider, when you’re working around trees. They tend to slip into the nooks and crannies of bark. And then there’s the occasional scorpion.”
“Scorpion? In Hawaii?” As much as I had grown up outdoors, amidst the plants cultivated by my parents and grandparents, I still had little experience with scorpions. They gave me the absolute willies.
“Not to worry, Chris. These aren’t the really nasty kind. They’ll give you a little bite, but it’s not particularly toxic, unlike the Arizona bark scorpion. Why, I remember once when I was working in a cottonwood grove along the San Pedro River. I reached down to pick up a piece of wood and felt a sharp pain on the back of my hand. It felt like I wrapped my hand around a live wire.”
“What did you do?” I asked. We strolled along the path that looped around the enormous winding river pool; it always reminded me of Gilligan’s Island, with all the water features and tropical landscaping.
“It’s not as dramatic as most folks imagine. It doesn’t normally require an ambulance ride to the ER. Cold compresses and aspirin for a couple of days. Lucky for me, it was a mild bite. There wasn’t much venom.”
“Ugh.” I shivered at the thought.
“Oh, it comes with the territory,” Lara reminded me. “Insects are intrinsic to the environment. You can’t have plants without them.”
“True. I guess I’m just not used to thinking of Hawaii as being a dangerous place to be.”
“It’s really not, Chris. Centipedes can pack a wallop when they sting, but most resorts spray to prevent infestations. Most of Hawaii’s bugs are benign. It’s the animals you sometimes have to worry about. You might come across feral pigs, and even feral chickens in the field. They’re both real pests when it comes to vegetation, ripping up gardens and ruining the landscape. The pigs can get pushy and the roosters are downright cocky sometimes.”
She said that with a smile, her sense of humor showing through. I had no doubt she was a woman at ease in the wilderness, willing to get dirty while pursuing her passion for plants. For a man like my father, widowed for the last couple of years, Lara Street was the perfect companion. I hoped it would work out romantically for both of them.
There were only a few people out and about at this time of the morning. A couple of resort employees were wiping down lounge chairs. Another was vacuuming the pool. They greeted us cheerfully as we walked by.
Down near the beach, the sea breeze off the water was light and it kept the temperature comfortable. An older man in shorts and a shirt was sprawled on a narrow strip of grass, stretching his limbs in preparation for a run along the bike path. As we passed him, Cooper interrupted his steady trot for a brief dog meet-and-greet with a Pekinese before continuing on.
“So,” Lara grinned impishly, “do you think Liz is prepared for the field trip this morning?”
“You know her well. Do you expect her to be?”
“It depends on your definition of prepared. She’ll have every technical gadget known to humanity in that enormous suitcase she calls a purse, but you can bet your bottom dollar she’ll be dressed to the nines.”
I giggled, knowing the two had been friends for a couple of decades; their good-natured banter was to be expected, given their very different personalities. Lara was a blue jeans and no makeup kind of woman, unfussy and low key. Liz was a power suit and delicate perfume kind of woman, strong but sentimental; a determined romantic with a game plan. They shared a love of solving mysteries, natural and man-made.
“You’re expecting designer jeans and a silk blouse?”
“Well, it just so happens I know Liz actually has a pair of sneakers in her closet, but no sensible cotton socks and certainly no jeans, so your guess is as good as mine.”
“Speak of the devil,” I laughed.

Chapter Nine --

Liz waved enthusiastically, the gold bangles on her wrists glinting in the sun as she strode up from the beach to meet us in a colorful Aloha shirt, blindly white Capri pants, and low-heeled red canvas espadrilles on her feet.
“Good morning, ladies.”
“Your son has invited you for breakfast,” I announced. “He’s scrambling eggs.”
“Perfect. I just need to fetch my purse.”
“You might want to put on some socks, or at the very least, some knee-highs,” Lara suggested jovially, “unless you think of invading insects as the perfect companions to share your footwear.”
“Sometimes you sound just like my husband. Nag, nag, nag.”
“Let me know if you want to borrow my cotton coveralls, Lizzie. They’re not Ralph Lauren, but there’s elastic at the ankles to keep the creepy crawlies out. I can bring them along, just in case.”
“We’ll see,” she replied. “It depends on what the conditions are at the scene. I wouldn’t want to look like a bag lady for nothing.”
We walked back to their condo together; I waited on the patio with the little dog while the two women went inside. Lara was back a minute later. “Ah, such perfect weather, Chris.”
“There’s not a cloud in the sky,” I remarked, gazing up at the blue, blue sky.
“Sometimes I think this place isn’t quite real. It’s almost magical. How can anything bad happen on a day like this?”
“How indeed. It just wouldn’t be right, would it? After all, this is paradise.”
Kauai is hardly known for its high crime rate. Murder is an unusual event here, I reminded myself as the three of us crossed the lawn.
And then I thought of something one of Liz’s characters, Roxie Neufeld, said in The Power of Frangipani, when she found herself trapped by a killer. “But evil doesn’t permeate an island like some ill wind; it lives in the darkest of human hearts, especially one that deceives, and where the deceiver goes, so goes that evil.” We found that out the hard way.
After breakfast, I crated Coop, grabbed my bag, and joined the others for the trip to the other side of the island. Woody volunteered to transport us in his rented SUV. According to Lara, it had proven its worthiness on several field trips around Kauai. Jeff sat beside Woody up front. Liz, Lara, and I piled into the back.
Rick called Jeff while we were en route, to tell him he was still having trouble locating the owner of the Double T Ranch. He wanted to know if Jeff wanted him to keep trying.
“Absolutely, if for no other reason than he needs to know what’s gone on in his absence. I assume no one’s told him about the shooting in his pasture.”
“It’s been on the news,” Rick pointed out. “It seems odd that he hasn’t checked in with anyone.”
By nine, we were pulling into the Boscombs’ long driveway. Kellie invited us into the main house.
“How is Johnny?” I asked.
“He’s holding his own. There’s been some improvement, but he has a long way to go.”
Ted Boscomb had tried to call Michael Gurne, to ask permission for us to search the field for more evidence, but the cattle rancher’s phone was turned off. Ted drove over to the Double T Ranch after breakfast, hoping to catch up with him, but there was no one at the main house. He finally located the ranch manager, Marlon Lukes, out in one of the cattle barns and learned that Michael had sent an email from the Big Island, saying that he was staying on after the meeting of the Hawaii Cattle Producers Association. He expected to return to Kauai in a day or two.
“I heard what happened to Johnny. You’ve got my permission to search the field. Let me know if you need anything,” Marlon had told Ted. “And call me if you find anything important.”
Ted had a map spread out on the dining room table. He explained the lay of the land to us, pointing out the topography of the Double T Ranch’s upper pasture.
“Ever since we had the drought a few years back, cattle ranchers worry about their animals dying of thirst. Michael Gurne sold off a good part of his herd when the water situation was dire. Now he’s talking about selling some land for development. I tried to tell him that he could diversify, but he wanted no part of it. I’m not sure farming is in his blood.”
“Too bad. Why, given the high price of milk on the island, hasn’t he considered raising dairy cattle, instead of beef cattle?” Woody wanted to know.
“Ah, good question. Cows are expensive no matter how you look at them. It’s all about the bottom line. Alfalfa has to be shipped from the Mainland; dairy farmers supplement it with guinea grass, but that doesn’t really have a lot of nutritional value. The water costs have skyrocketed in the last few years. The humidity of the islands wreaks havoc with the milking equipment, so it’s hard to keep it sanitized.”
“In other words, it’s hard to make a profit if you’re a dairy farmer?” Jeff wanted to know.
“Pretty much. About ninety percent of the milk is imported from the Mainland, which is why the prices for milk, cheese, yogurt, and even ice cream are so high. There is a new program underway on Kauai, to start a local grass-fed dairy cooperative, as part of an effort to provide fresh, affordable, locally-produced milk. Folks are still working out the kinks, but it looks promising.”
“I always assumed Hawaii produced its own milk,” Lara commented.
“Up until the mid eighties, we did. But then the cost of importing feed made it unprofitable. Most of the family farms folded, the land was sold for development, and that was that.”
“Too bad. What’s the big problem, having enough local grass to feed the dairy cows?” my dad wanted to know. I could see Woody was already trying to figure out how to improve the situation.
“Actually, it’s the neighbors. They’re nervous about manure, water quality, and the ratio of cows per acre now that farmland abuts so many residential neighborhoods.”
“Oh. That’s too bad. Kauai needs to be able to produce its own food if it’s to survive and thrive.”
“It is too bad. Farmers are a dying breed here,” Ted agreed.
“Too true,” Jeff nodded. “We should get going. Thanks so much for helping us get permission to revisit the scene of the crime.”
“Johnny’s worked for us for a long time. We all want to know what happened to him and why it happened. Call me on my cell if you have any problems. I’ll be in my office for most of the morning.”
Kellie had packed a cooler of cold drinks for us to take along and invited us to return to the Pineapple Bay Ranch for lunch. She stopped me with a big hug as I passed her.
“I’m so glad you survived, Chris.”
“Me too.” I gulped, touched by the unexpected sentiment. “Thanks, Kellie.”
“I just want you to know this kind of thing just doesn’t happen in Kauai.”
Woody drove us to the field, following the directions that Ted provided. We rolled down to the end of the gravel section of the road and stopped.
“Now,” said my father, “here’s what I think we should do. Normally, when Lara and I do a study, we divide the field up and work methodically, going over the land section by section. In this case, what are we searching for?”
He looked up, expecting an answer. I shrugged.
“We don’t actually know, Dad. We think we might find some clue as to why that horrible man attacked, but at the moment, we don’t know what we might find. It could be just about anything.”
“I’ve got specimen bags. You can each take a few and put anything you find into them,” Lara told us.
“I want to see everything you come across,” Liz decided. “Every gum wrapper, paper cup, bottle cap.”
“We’re looking for the needle in the haystack, folks.” Jeff stepped forward. “If Rupert Quillane was on this property when Chris and Johnny Hiro arrived, he was probably doing something he wasn’t supposed to be doing. We want to find out where he was when he spotted them. That’s our starting point.”
We separated, each of us walking through our designated areas, keeping our eyes peeled for some sign of recent human activity. The first several hundred yards yielded nothing, but as we moved toward the western half of the property, Liz picked up a cigarette butt. Concentrating our efforts in that area, we soon found a quarter, a dime, a Marlin golf marker, and a nearly empty pack of Marlboro cigarettes. Jeff took a long look at the horizon before posing a question to me.
“Chris, you said the guy drove a red truck.”
“Yes, a Nissan.”
“Johnny was shot at the top of the hill. Would you have seen this area from that spot?”
“Sure. We had an unobstructed view of the entire property. That was the reason Johnny thought it would be ideal.”
“Unobstructed view....If I were going to hide a truck on a piece of land like this, I’d find the shadiest corner.”
He began to cross the field, his long stride slightly altered by his uneven gait. I hurried to catch up to him. The others stayed behind, conferring.
“You think he hid the truck along the tree line?”
“How else are you going to conceal a bright red vehicle at high noon?” He slowed his pace just a bit, to let me catch up. “Where was the sun when you got here?”
I paused, trying to remember. “It was nearly overhead.”
“Well, in that case, let’s start with the most obvious location. Chris, you cover that corner. I’ll take from this tree to that one.” He gestured with a quick sweep of his arm.
Twenty minutes later, with the morning sun at my shoulder, I squinted hard. There in the tall grass, I thought I saw a glimmer of something shiny. Bending over, I carefully parted the long blades of grass and peered down. “Jeff!”
I had to call him twice before he heard me. When he finally joined me, I could feel my pulse quickening.
“What did you find?” Jeff leaned over my shoulder to see. “Is that a cell phone?”
“It is.”
He carefully lifted the plastic case with his gloved hand and deposited it into one of Lara’s specimen bags. There was a large crack across the face of the Smartphone.
“Do you think it belonged to Quillane?” I asked him.
“We’ll only know when we turn it on.”
“But it’s broken. Do you think it will still work?”
“Only one way to find out.” Holding the plastic sack in his left hand, he used his right index finger to depress the “on” button. Nothing happened. He tried again. “Looks like we’re out of luck.”
“Oh, well. It was worth a shot,” I shrugged, disappointed but ready to head back to my search area. Jeff wasn’t quite as quick to surrender to defeat. Flipping the bag over, he continued to examine the phone. I saw him straighten up, a little jolt of excitement passing through him.
“It’s missing the back panel, Chris, and the battery. See if you can find it.”
We searched another minute before we found the back panel. The battery was a good hundred yards away, but once we had it in hand, we were on a roll. Jeff inserted the battery into the damaged phone. Carefully maneuvering the battery panel until it slid into its allotted space and locked into place, he pushed the button again and the Smartphone came to life.
“Contacts list is intact. I’ve got the call log. And here are the emails.”
Jeff started reading, his eyes darting back and forth on the words; suddenly, unexpectedly, he frowned. “Oh, well. This was worth a shot. It’s Michael Gurne’s phone, Chris.”
“No wonder Marlon Lukes couldn’t get a hold of him. His phone was here in the field.”
“Not necessarily, Chris. Maybe the phone’s been here a while and he’s since replaced it.”
“How can you be sure, Jeff?”
“Let me check the call log. It’ll give me the time on the last one he made.” I watched those long fingers fiddle with the phone, carefully navigating around the cracked glass. “Huh.”
He seemed perplexed, so I leaned over to see what he was looking at on the broken screen.
“Whoa! That’s just a few minutes before Johnny was shot!” I told him. “Does that mean Michael was here?”
“Or his phone was. Maybe Quillane stole it. We need to track down Mr. Gurne on the Big Island and make sure he’s okay.”
“Do you think something’s happened to him?”
“I don’t know, Chris, but my gut is telling me that we need to find out.”
“Are you going to call Lieutenant Golden?” I wanted to know. He didn’t answer. Jeff was already dialing his own phone. A moment later, his words surprised me.
“Rick, I’ve got an emergency here. We just found a broken cell phone belonging to the man who owns the field where Johnny Hiro was shot and Chris was kidnapped. The last call places this phone in the vicinity of the field just prior to the assaults. The ranch manager informed us this morning that the owner sent him an unexpected email to tell him he is supposedly at an unscheduled meeting of cattle ranchers on the Big Island. How fast do you think you can confirm that information and get back to me? Yeah, that’s what I’m thinking too. Maybe Chris and Johnny interrupted a murder. That would explain what happened here. Quillane was cleaning up his mess. Okay. Yeah, we’ll stand down and move away from the area until I hear from you.”
With that, he ended the call, took me by the elbow, and gingerly led me away. In the distance, we could see the others leaning against Woody’s SUV.
“Why did you call Rick? Why didn’t you call the police?”
“One reason. Rick used to be Secret Service, Chris. He’s got great connections and knows how to track down information quickly and efficiently. That’s not necessarily something the Kauai Police are trained to do or routinely do. If time is of the essence here, and I think it might be, we’ve got to find out right away whether Michael Gurne ever made it to the Big Island.”
A few minutes later, we rejoined the others, taking shelter from the hot sun in the SUV. Woody rolled down the windows, taking advantage of the sea breeze. While we waited to hear back from the Vulcan Security man, we chatted. Jeff didn’t say much. I knew he was worried.
When Rick did call back, the news was troubling. Not only was there no meeting in Waimea, a couple of the other ranchers in the Hawaii Cattle Producers Cooperative had tried to get a hold of Michael Gurne about an upcoming sale. They said it wasn’t like him not to respond to their calls and emails.
“Okay. Thanks. What’s the next step?”

Chapter Ten --

His expression intent, Jefferson Cornwall listened to the voice on the other end. When the conversation ended, he said only one thing. “Woody, we’ve got to get down to Michael Gurne’s house right away. I’ll ask Ted to meet us there with Marlon.”
“Sure thing.”
It took my father nearly ten minutes to drive the SUV back to the main road, and another four to reach the driveway of the Double T Ranch. Out in the open fields, under the abundant sunshine, cattle grazed contentedly. The landscape was dotted here and there with clumps of trees; a few resting cows and bulls took advantage of the shade. In the distance, we could see barns, sheds, and the old farmhouse.
As we drew nearer, there was a small crowd gathered by the front porch of Michael Gurne’s home. A short, swarthy man sat on a tractor. A tall man with Polynesian features leaned against the post by the porch steps, arms folded. Another couple of ranch hands in cowboy hats stood off to one side. If this had been the old West, I might have expected the sheriff to step in and announce that he was forming a posse. The only people I recognized among the group were Ted and Kellie. We all climbed out of Woody’s SUV and joined them.
“Let’s start with the obvious question,” said Jeff, addressing the group. “When was the last time anyone saw Michael Gurne?”
The consensus was that it had been the morning of Johnny’s shooting, just after nine. No one could recall seeing him since he drove off in his four-wheeler to check on his well by the north gate.
“This meeting in Waimea, how long ago had he planned it?”
“That’s just it,” said Marlon. He was a handsome, muscular man; his dark eyes were distinctly Polynesian, and under normal circumstance, he was probably a friendly, cheerful man. At the moment, however, he was clearly worried about his boss and his words were terse. “He never mentioned having any kind of meeting in Waimea to me. Sometimes he’ll pop over to the Big Island for a meeting and be home by five, but he usually informs me as to what his plans are, in case we have an emergency.”
“Does he have a wife and kids?”
“No. He’s seeing someone in town. They’ve been going together for about four months. She works for the Hawaiian Tourism Authority, keeping tabs on the visitor stats.”
“Can you call her and see when she last talked to him?” Jeff asked.
Rhona Duckworth answered her phone on the first ring and Marlon put her on speaker phone. It turned out she had been trying to get a hold of Michael Gurne for a couple of days. Now frantic, she wanted to know if there was any word on his whereabouts. When Marlon told her we were about to look inside the house, Rhona asked if she could join us, or at least wait outside.
“Sure. Why not?”
“I can be there in five minutes,” she promised.
“Don’t rush. I’ve got to drive to Eleele and pick up the spare key,” Marlon told her.
“I’ve got a key, if that helps.”
“It does,” the ranch manager informed her. “Can you hurry?”
A silver Chevy Volt appeared about four minutes later. Braking hard when she reached the end of the driveway, the driver quickly turned the wheel and sent the car into a fishtail spin on the rough gravel. The tires kicked up a cloud of stone dust that swirled around the Volt like a Sirocco off the Sahara. Seconds later, the driver’s door popped opened and out climbed a middle-aged woman in a navy cotton sundress and white sandals, on the verge of hyperventilating. Rhona immediately ran up to Marlon.
“Here!” The fingers that thrust a set of keys at him were trembling.
“Great. Let’s go.” The ranch manager approached the front door hurriedly, as the rest of us followed, save for my father’s companion and Liz.
“Why don’t you and I sit on the porch,” suggested Lara kindly, stepping up to the frazzled woman. She put her hand on Rhona’s arm and steered her up the steps and over to a couple of rattan chairs painted sunny yellow. “They don’t need us in there, do they?”
“You don’t think he’s...you know....” She couldn’t finish the sentence. The words just wouldn’t come; it was as if she would somehow make her nightmare come true if she uttered them.
I couldn’t help but scrutinize her in my attempt to discern whether she was genuinely concerned about the missing man. Rhona’s face wore a stricken expression that broadcast her belief that Michael Gurne had met some horrible fate. I didn’t think she was faking her emotions, and apparently I wasn’t the only one. Liz’s eyes lit on the newcomer, closely studying the woman who brought the spare key. I recognized the look. She was about to pump Rhona for information. I left them to it, stepping over the threshold and into the living room of the farmhouse.
The ranch hands were busy looking for signs of a break-in, inspecting the locks on windows and doors. I noticed Jeff checking out Michael’s desk over by the window. Marlon had gone into the kitchen with my dad and Ted. They were rummaging through drawers and cabinets. I gravitated to staircase to the second floor, wondering if a very silent, very dead Michael Gurne was up there; at the top of the stairs, I found three open doors.
The first led to a bathroom, small but tidy, with vintage tile, a clawfoot tub that was probably original to the farmhouse, and a wall sink straight from the thirties. The second was to a small, but comfortable bedroom. Stepping in for a better view, I could see there were no signs that anything had been disturbed. The twin beds that flanked the soft blue walls were neatly covered with traditional white Hawaiian quilts appliquéd with a darker blue breadfruit pattern. The drawers of the wooden dresser were all shut, no clothes spilling out.
I moved on to the next room and entered it. The first thing I noticed was an open briefcase on the bed. The papers seemed to be in disarray. There was also an imprint on the mattress. Someone had sat down and leaned against the three pillows stacked against the headboard, probably for some considerable amount of time. A glass with amber liquid in it and a bottle of Maker’s Mark stood abandoned on the bedside table. Had Michael Gurne really poured himself a stiff bourbon first thing on the morning on the day he disappeared? Was alcohol the reason he didn’t show up at his supposed meeting on the Big Island only hours later? This mess seemed out of place in a house where everything else was organized. I walked back to the top of the stairs and hollered down.
“Jeff?”
“Chris?” His face appeared in the foyer below. “What’s wrong?”
“I think you should see this.”
He hobbled up the stairs, followed by Marlon, Woody, Ted, and one of the cowboys. They converged on the bedroom, studying the scene.
“Do you recognize this briefcase?” Jeff asked the ranch workers.
“Sure. That’s my boss’s,” Marlon confirmed. “Why would he go to a meeting without that?”
“And why was he drinking if he had an appointment?” Jaime asked. “That’s not like him.”
“Not a morning bourbon man?” my dad inquired. Jeff took out his cell phone and snapped a couple of photos of the disarray.
“Are you kidding? He’d have fired my ass if he’d caught me doing it,” the ranch hand insisted. “Mr. G. expected everybody to come to work on time and ready to do their jobs. He didn’t like excuses and he didn’t take any crap from anybody.”
“Okay. Let’s head back outside and call for reinforcements from Vulcan Security. I think it’s clear that Mr. Gurne is missing and has possibly met with foul play. Any chance you and your guys can check the out buildings, the barns, and anywhere else a body might be stashed?”
Marlon nodded, his concern clearly etched on his face. “Sure, brah. No prob. We’ll even check the fields.”
“Just stay out of the upper pasture, in case there’s still evidence there.”
“You’ve got it.”
“I’m going to walk the ridge,” Ted decided. “I should be able to look down on most of the lower pasture that way. If Mike’s lying down there, I’ll spot him.”
Michael Gurne’s teary girlfriend stared at us as we emerged from the farmhouse. A quick shake of my head gave her hope. We hadn’t found a body inside.
“Oh, thank God! I was so worried!”
I told her there was no indication that any kind of a struggle took place. Jeff handed her his cell phone, to show her the photos he had taken of the bedroom.
“Do you recognize the briefcase?”
“It looks like Mike’s. Why is it there? Shouldn’t he have taken it with him to the Big Island?”
“What kind of a drinker was he? Did he normally have a belt or two at breakfast?”
“Mike? No,” she shook her head, surprised. “He might have a nightcap once in a while, but he wasn’t a big drinker. Why?”
“We found a bottle and a still-full glass of bourbon on his bedside table.”
“Well, I don’t understand. He normally hates to waste good alcohol.” Rhona seemed perplexed. “I’m not saying Mike’s cheap, but he’s very careful with money. He doesn’t like to waste anything. He composts, recycles, and even eats leftovers, unlike Howard.”
“Howard?”
“We’re waiting for the divorce to become final. I can’t wait to be free of that bastard! He’s such a creep!”
“Interesting,” Liz commented, leaning closer to Rhona. “How have things been between you and him lately?”
“Not so good,” she admitted. Mother and son exchanged knowing glances.
“We’ll leave you ladies to your conversation. We’ve got some searching to do,” he told us. No doubt Jeff thought Rhona would be more forthcoming without a male audience.
The men split up, scattering in several directions. I noticed my dad and Jeff teamed up as they reached a narrow path that led into the woods.
I took a seat on the small rattan sofa across from where the other women sat and let my mind drift through the details of the mysterious disappearance while they discussed the Duckworth-Gurne domestic situation.
“Howard? He was being Howard,” she sniffed. “He wanted to make my life miserable and he was doing a darn good job of it.”
“What was Mike like over the last week, Rhona?” Liz wanted to know, switching subjects as she steered the conversation around to the missing man. “Did he seem upset with anything?”
“I don’t know. I think work was going okay for him. He had a couple of deals on the table and he seemed happy with them. But....”
“But?”
“He seemed...oh, I don’t know...bothered. When I asked him, he didn’t want to talk about it.”
“What was going on with you two? How long have you been seeing each other?”
 “We’ve been dating for the last couple of months. Mike was my rock of Gibraltar; such a good man. He thought Howard was deliberately causing problems with the divorce to cheat me out of my fair share.”
“Did Mike have a reason for thinking that?”
“He said Howard had tried to rope him into a business deal before we started seeing each other, and when Mike began to ask questions, Howard told him to forget it. That was the end of it. But Mike was convinced that if he had gone through with the deal, it would have been big trouble for him.”
“What was your dating relationship like, Rhona?”
 “Oh, it was good. He really made me feel special, like I mattered to him. Mike is always doing things for me, unlike Howard, who expected me to wait on him hand and foot. He washes my car and takes out the trash without me asking. He even brings me a cup of coffee in the morning. ‘Good morning, Sunshine,’ he’ll say.” She heaved a sad little sigh. “He treats me like a princess.”
Rhona didn’t seem to be a woman who took advantage of a man like Michael Gurne. She also didn’t talk like a woman who wanted him dead any time soon.
“He sounds like a keeper,” Liz nodded.
“He is. You know, Mike told me he loved me for the first time last week,” she sniffed. A couple of stray tears rolled down her plump cheeks and dripped off her chin.
“That must have made you happy,” Lara told her, patting Rhona’s clenched hand as it rested on the arm of the chair.
“He...he told me he wanted to take our relationship to a higher level.”
“Meaning?” Liz leaned forward, her senses alerted.
“That’s...that’s when he gave me...gave me his house key.” Rhona bowed her head, unable to prevent the flow of tears. There was desperation in her plea. “What am I going to do if he’s dead?”
“Don’t talk that way,” Lara warned her gently, as she rubbed the poor woman’s back, soothing her. “You’re just going to upset yourself. There’s no reason to give up hope yet, dear.”
I wanted to believe Lara was right, that Michael Gurne was still alive and kicking. I even admitted to myself that it was possible. But I just couldn’t shake the feeling that the clock was running down on this. What was bothering me?
I went back over the shooting of Johnny Hiro. What did I surmise from the events? Rupert Quillane had a reason for pointing his gun at the man next to me and firing. What was it?
If Johnny Hiro recognized Quillane, maybe he also knew Quillane’s accomplice...if there was one. And now that the owner of the Double T Ranch was missing, it seemed even more disturbing that the man who could have identified him wound up dead at the Puu o Hewa Reservoir. Could Quillane’s killer have planned that all along? Did he use him to do his dirty work and then murder him? Maybe that was a reason for staging the suicide scene in the car.
Sitting there, I felt an unexpected urge to find Jeff and share that thought. I was restless, in need of a walk. How hard would it be to find him if I made my way into the woods? Surely I would spot my father’s bright blue-and-yellow Aloha shirt from a distance.
“I’ll be back,” I informed the women. “I just want to run something past Jeff.”
“Okay, Chris. We’ll be here,” Lara smiled at me. Rhona grabbed a couple of tissues from her purse and dried her eyes, trying to convince herself everything was okay. Was it? My doubts were getting the better of me.
In the distance, a single bovine bleat broke the silence, reminding me I was on a working cattle ranch. Life was all around us, even as the search for the owner of the Double T Ranch continued. How could anything bad happen on a day like this? It just wouldn’t be right, would it? After all, this is paradise.
Yet I couldn’t shake the feeling that we were missing something important about the case. I still didn’t believe that Quillane was completely off his rocker. There had to be another explanation for why he shot Johnny. But what was it?

Chapter Eleven --

I noticed a small, fenced vegetable garden by the house; at a glance, I saw lima beans, cucumbers, tomatoes, and sweet potatoes, along with some Japanese eggplant, growing there. The rows were neat, the weeds few. That was usually the sign of a gardener who stays on top of problems. A large dark green rain barrel was hooked up to the gutter at the corner of the house, no doubt the source of water to nurture the garden. Maybe the blue rain barrels were kept on the Double T Ranch, as part of the farm’s irrigation system. Or maybe they were part of a neighboring operation.
I followed the same path I had seen the two men take. The hot sun beamed down from a cloudless sky. Butterflies flitted from flower to flower in the bucolic meadow.
I continued walking toward the tree line; I noticed the lack of water for irrigation became more pronounced as I passed through the pasture. The grass was crisp here and it made a crunching sound with each step. I was glad that I had on long pants and sneakers to protect my legs.
Once at the edge of the cool, verdant woods, I studied the terrain, noticing the slight indentation in the ground. It might not be well-worn path, but it would suffice. As I kept to the narrow trail, I returned again and again to one question. What if we interrupted Michael Gurne’s murder?
In my mind, it seemed the best explanation for what had happened. Quillane might have been in the process of killing the rancher when Johnny and I drove onto the property. Maybe he presumed that once the body was found and the details were public, Johnny and I would realize we had been in the field. Why did that matter?
Maybe Quillane lured Gurne to this spot in order to murder him; that might explain the broken cell phone and the disconnected battery we found. By interrupting the murder, we might have forced Quillane to improvise, a job he was less than qualified to carry out. Had he made some kind of fatal mistake? Had Quillane rushed to the Puu o Hewa Reservoir to rendezvous with his accomplice, only to find I had gotten away? I wondered what had happened when he discovered the blue rain barrel was no longer on the pickup truck. 
That’s when a really scary thought hit me. I could identify Quillane. I had seen him up close. What if my captor had a known association with his accomplice? Would Quillane’s killer try to find me?
The questions just kept pouring into my brain. Think, Chris. How would the accomplice find you? What would it take?
And now that it was apparent that Johnny would live, what if the Pineapple Bay Ranch worker knew more than we realized? What if he could not only identify Quillane, but also the connection to the killer? Was he in danger at the Lihue hospital? Maybe we should phone the security office at Wilcox Memorial and warn them to keep an eye on Johnny.
That’s what’s been bothering me. I keep feeling like we’re still vulnerable. Someone needs us out of the picture in order to remain safe from discovery.
My fingers closed over my cell phone and fished it out of my pocket. With a single tap, the screen came alive. I scrolled through my contacts list, found what I was looking for, and a moment later, Jeff’s smiling face popped up on the screen.
“Hey, babe. Everything okay?”
It took me almost five minutes to run down all the questions in my head, but when I finished, I heard the concern in his voice. “You might be onto something, Chris. Put my mom on the phone. I want to ask her something.”
“I’m not with her. I’m in the woods,” I told him. “I should be pretty close to where you are.”
“You’re alone?”
“Yes. Why?”
“How fast can you get back to the house?” His voice sounded urgent.
“I don’t know. Maybe five or six minutes, three or four if I run. Why?”
“Do it! I’m on my way!”
“But why? What’s wrong?”
“Please don’t argue with me, Chris! Go!”
With a sigh of resignation, I pocketed the phone. That’s when something unexpected happened. A twig crackled behind me. The unexpected noise broke the stillness of the woods and I froze in my tracks. Listening hard, instinctively alert, I knew I was not alone. There was another snap behind me; this one furtive. Whirling around, I came face-to-face with a tall, angry stranger.
He stood five or six feet away from me, his dark eyes full of fury, his breathing labored. He was as tense as an overwound spring, ready to spin wildly out of control. My eyes took in the details and sent them along the nerve paths all the way to my brain, and after a quick assessment, my brain spit out a conclusion. This man is dangerous.
“Do you know what you’ve done to me? Do you have any idea just how much trouble you caused me? I ought to kill you right here, right now!” he hissed.
This time there was no gun in the hand of the man threatening me and no rain barrel for a coffin. There was no bullet with my name on it. The hours of self-defense classes I had with Nancy and Terry, the former FBI agents-turned-bodyguards, were about to pay off. I could almost hear Terry urging me to use the element of surprise. Psych yourself up, Chris. Get creative. Go in hard, go in fast, and do the unexpected. Scare the crap out of the guy and get the hell out of there.
In a fraction of a second, I made my decision. I used Johnny’s famous line from “Dirty Dancing” to motivate myself, screaming it at the top of my lungs. “Nobody puts Baby in the corner! Nobody!”
As I delivered my speech, I was already moving forward. My right fist tight, I pulled back my arm and aimed for the throat. Throwing all my weight behind the punch, my knuckles connected with his Adam’s apple. His eyes grew wide and his mouth opened, but no sound came out, save for a small gurgle. He grabbed his throat and began to gasp for air. With both hands, I came at him again, but this time I shoved him as hard as I could. He wobbled back and forth a few times before his knees buckled and he went over backwards. As soon as I saw him land on his backside, I ran away as fast as my legs could carry me.
Terry and Nancy had drilled it into my head that I would have very little time to flee. The important thing was to get to a populated area as quickly as possible. It was my best chance to survive any attack.
Jeff and Woody were probably right behind me on the trail, but I couldn’t count on that. When I heard a noise, I risked a glance over my right shoulder. The angry man was hot on my trail and my protectors were nowhere in sight. Run, Chrisanth! Don’t let up. He won’t kill you in front of witnesses!
My pursuer almost overcame me about a hundred yards from Michael Gurne’s farmhouse. I could hear him breathing hard just a few feet behind me. I steeled myself for his mad grab, for those menacing fingers to lock onto me, but it never happened. Instead, there was a loud holler, sounds of a scuffle, and men shouting. Jeff and the other men wrestled the stranger to the ground in a tangle of arms and legs.
Once I was sure I was out of harm’s way, I dared to turn back for a look. I wasn’t the only one whose curiosity was aroused by the sound of raised voices. Rounding the back corner of the house, the women came trotting towards us. When Rhona saw the stranger flailing wildly on the ground in his bid to escape, she came to a dead stop. Her mouth dropped open, her eyes grew round and terrified, and her hands clutched Liz and Lara like she would never let go.
“Oh,” she cried.
“You know him?” Liz asked, unable to take her eyes off the sight of the writhing man on the ground.
“It’s Howard!”
Lara sucked in a deep breath, clearly alarmed by the unexpected news. Liz, however, seemed energized.
“Well, that explains a lot,” said the mystery writer. “Did you hear that, Jeff? This is Rhona’s almost-ex.”
“Are you thinking what I’m thinking? This is someone who has a motive for making Mr. Gurne disappear?”  The thriller author held on tight to Howard’s arm as he lifted him to his feet. “We want to know where he is. Is he dead or alive? What can you tell us, Howard?”
“Screw you!” The angry man spat out his words. “I don’t know what this gold-digger told you, but she’s lying!”
“What did you do to Mike?” Rhona’s voice grew tight as she consciously began to put two and two together and didn’t like the sum. “If you hurt him....”
“Get your stinking hands off me!” The husband with a grudge pulled away from the men holding him and brushed himself off, like he was the injured party. “I was minding my own business, taking a walk in the woods, and this crazy lady punched me! I have a good mind to have her arrested!”
“He threatened to kill me!” I cried. “He said I caused him a lot of trouble!”
“She’s making it up. I never said any such thing. She’s just trying to help Rhona get more money out of me!” Howard sniffed with great disdain. “These women just love to prey on guys like me. Anything for a buck!”
“What?” Rhona and I said it at the same time, but I was too shocked to say, “Jinx!”
“So, you’re saying these two women conspired against you?” That was Liz. “They set you up?”
“Of course they did.”
“They did it to get at your money?”
“We’re due in court next week for the final hearing for the division of property in our divorce.”
“But I never met Rhona until today,” I exclaimed, appalled at the thought that anyone would believe this conniving liar. I felt a hand on my arm.
“Relax, Chris. You’re not a suspect,” Jeff reminded me, sotto voice as he leaned into me, his mouth near my ear. “Let the guy hang himself.”
“I can vouch for my daughter,” said Woody loudly, in case any doubters had the audacity to believe Howard’s claim. “She’s not involved in any hanky-panky!”
“Well, is someone going to call the Kauai Police or do I have to do that myself?” Liz wanted to know. “Or do you all need reminding that we came here to find Michael Gurne, the man who seems to be missing?
“Is he?” Howard demanded, suddenly sounding very confident. A sly smile crept across his face as he watched his ex-wife’s reaction. “How do you know he’s not off on a business trip?”
“What makes you think he is?” Liz asked, moving three steps closer to Howard; in doing so, she cut off his view of Rhona. “Do you have information that would be pertinent to the case?”
“What case? That this young woman attacked me in the woods?” He pointed to me.
“I was referring to the shooting of Johnny Hiro.”
“I don’t know anything about that. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’ll be on my way.”
“Just one more question for you to answer,” Liz insisted.
“Only one?” he replied, his voice thick with sarcasm. He faced off against the author with a dramatic bow from the waist. “Go ahead, Miss Marple. Knock yourself out!”
“Why did you come here today?”
“Why did I come here today? That’s your question?” He gave a mirthless laugh as he shook his head in disbelief. “Good God, are you freaking kidding me?”
Stomping his feet on the ground, Howard’s demeanor suddenly changed as his histrionics seemed to go viral. It was as if he was mentally unraveling right before our eyes. He twirled about, sputtering and hooting as he flapped his arms in some kind of wild, birdlike display. “Why did I come here today? Oh, that’s just so rich! Ha-ha-ha!”
He swung around unexpectedly and his right hand narrowly missed coming in contact with Liz’s jaw. She leaned back and shifted from foot to foot, prepared to duck. Woody and Jeff started to intercede, but Marlon was quicker.
“Easy, brah. We don’t want any trouble here,” he warned Howard, his voice even, soothing. “Just calm yourself down.”
“Calm down? You want me to calm down?” The man clutched his stomach with both hands. From his mouth emerged a wail like the anguished baying of a wounded animal. It took me a moment to realize he was laughing. When he finally spoke again, his voice was dripping with bitterness. “Boy, lady, do you have your facts all wrong. I didn’t, as you put it, come here today. Those were my woods you people were trespassing in! My woods!”
“Is this true?” Liz looked to Marlon for answers. He raised his hands, palms outward, as if to say it wasn’t news to him. “Am I missing something?”
“Mr. Gurne’s family has always had an easement to the upper pasture. When they bought the property three years ago, Mr. Duckworth objected and took my boss to court to sever that right. Things have gotten heated since then, and even though Mr. Gurne offered to buy that strip of land, Mr. Duckworth has refused to sell it to him.”
“I can have you all arrested. In fact, I think I will.” Howard pulled out his cell phone. With an index finger poised to hit the “send” button, he gave us a smug, self-satisfied grin.
“Don’t you dare make that call!” Rhona shook off Lara’s comforting hands and marched up to her soon-to-be ex-husband. “Those are also my woods, Howard, and I say they had my permission to be there!”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah! And I’ll tell you something else, you big jerk! If anything happened to Mike, if you harmed him in any way, I’ll be the star witness at your trial!”
“Are you threatening me?” Howard’s eyes narrowed, until they were just slits in his red, flustered face. For a moment, I thought he might try to choke the life out of her.
“No, I’m reminding you that after twenty years of marriage, I know you and your dirty, little secrets. You won’t get away with it.” There was something almost menacing about the way Rhona said that. It was as if she knew she had Howard over a barrel. Then she dropped the big bombshell. “I was his bookkeeper for years.”
Howard took a step toward her, as if ready to pounce. I held my breath, remembering my terror when I unexpectedly came face to face with him in the woods. He struck me as a man who would do whatever he thought he could get away with, but only as long as he didn’t get caught. Rhona was his Achilles heel. He not only loathed her, he feared her. She told the world she knew about the skeletons in his closet; those bones were now rattling loudly, a sure sign they still mattered to the man who was about to finalize his divorce. Would he kill to be free of her?

Chapter Twelve --

“Wow,” Liz raised her eyebrows in wonder at the news. “This certainly has been an interesting morning. Shall we adjourn to the Pineapple Bay Ranch for lunch? What do you think, Ted?”
“I think that might be the sensible thing to do,” was his calm reply. “Kellie’s probably wondering what’s happened to us.”
“But we haven’t found Mike,” Rhona exclaimed excitedly, the anger now replaced by worry for the man she was dating. “We need to find him!”
“Of course we do, dear.” Liz took her by the arm. “And we’re doing our best to locate him. Someone said he went over to the Big Island for a meeting. Perhaps that’s what happened, and we’re just making a mountain out of a mole hill.”
“But he couldn’t have gone there,” she protested vehemently, passionately. “He would have told me!”
“Hush now. Why don’t I ride with you over to the Boscombs? Lara, are you coming with us? Ted, you don’t mind driving over with us, do you? Poor Rhona’s so upset and we don’t know the area all that well. I’m afraid we’ll get lost.”
“Ladies, I’ll be delighted to escort you to the ranch.”
Howard stood watching the soon-to-be ex-Mrs. Duckworth climb into the passenger seat of her own hybrid car, while Lara got behind the wheel. Liz perched on edge of the back seat and leaned forward, wedging herself between the two women. We couldn’t hear the conversation, but judging from the expression on Rhona’s face, I guessed that Liz was warning her not to make a bad situation worse.
Jeff must have realized what his mother was doing because he stepped into Howard’s sight line, blocking his view, as the Volt drove away with Ted’s Ford F-150 right behind it.
“Hey, no hard feelings for the misunderstanding?” He stuck out his hand to Howard, prepared to give a gentleman’s shake, but there was no reciprocal effort to make peace; a moment later, Jeff shrugged and withdrew it. “We had no idea things were so tense between you and Rhona. We just met her this morning.”
The glare that Howard leveled at us said it all. We were definitely not forgiven. If anything, we had just made our way into the top slots on his enemies list. Without another word, he spun around and strode back into the woods from which he had earlier emerged.
“The show’s over, boys. Let’s all get back to work.” Marlon sent the ranch hands off to their respective duties, but stayed with us. “And keep an eye out for Mr. G.”
The workers scattered, getting back to their farm duties. One man went back to the hayloft. A moment later, I saw him tossing down bales of alfalfa through the open attic door. A second got busy washing down the water troughs with a hose. A third climbed back on his tractor and started the engine, waiting while a couple of other farm hands settled themselves in the attached cart. A moment later, he put the machine in gear and rumbled down the driveway on the journey back to the pasture. Once they were out of earshot, I posed a question to Jeff.
“Why, in heaven’s name, were you so damn nice to Howard just now?”
“Because he’s our killer.”
He said it so matter-of-factly, so calmly, I thought I misheard him. I glanced at Marlon and my dad. They, too, were shocked.
“And if Michael Gurne is still alive, I want to keep him that way.”
“Do you think he is?” Woody wanted to know.
“I do and I also think Howard’s going to keep him alive until he’s sure he can kill him in a way that makes Rhona absolutely crazy. He’s compelled to punish her for her perceived sins; that means torturing the man she loves.”
That all-too-cool, highly calculated analysis visibly upset the ranch manager. “Let’s go grab the bastard right now and drag his sorry ass to the police station!”
“No point in that, Marlon. My best guess is he has Michael stashed somewhere that no one will find him any time soon. As long as he thinks he’s a suspect, he’ll just bide his time, and that puts Michael Gurne at greater risk. If we move too quickly, Howard can just lay low and his victim dies a painful death in some hell hole of a hiding place. We have to find your boss first, and the only way that’s likely to happen is if we can convince Howard that the coast is clear.”
“But if we comb the ranch, maybe we can....”
Jeff put a hand on the distraught ranch manager’s shoulder. “He isn’t keeping him on the property, my friend. He knows better than that. You or one of your men might notice something and that would spoil Howard’s plans. No, the answer has something to do with that upper pasture and the fact we found your boss’s cell phone there. I’ve got a guy coming here. His name is Rick Freschetti and he’s a trained security professional. I want you to let him do his thing, Marlon. Give him whatever cooperation he needs. That’s the best chance we have of rescuing Michael Gurne.”
“Sure, sure. Whatever you say, just as long as we’re in time to save him.”
“Meanwhile, because I happen to know that bastard is watching us at this very moment, we’re going to leave you. Let’s shake hands and act like we overreacted. Let’s laugh a little and put on happy faces, because if Michael Gurne didn’t send that email about the meeting on the Big Island, his captor might send another, just to get us off the trail and buy himself some time to carry out his heinous plan. That’s something we can track. I think Duckworth will act once he believes we’re convinced he’s not a bad guy. He may even try to kidnap Rhona, just to force her to watch his evil deed. But at some point, he’s got to go back to where he’s hiding your boss. That’s our best chance to rescue Michael.”
It was hard to pretend that I wasn’t worried after that. The idea that her soon-to-be ex-husband would actually kill her boyfriend to punish her left me cold. How could we possibly stop him?
“Why would he do that? Why would he be that beastly?” I wanted to know. “I don’t understand.”
“It’s all about power, love. Rhona’s bid for independence made the man crazy and now he’s determined to take control of her life, her emotions, and her financial wellbeing, lest she get away from him again.”
“It’s interesting you say that,” Marlon remarked. “That’s exactly what Mr. Gurne told her the other night when they were sitting on the porch; he said the closer the Duckworths came to finalizing the divorce, the greater the danger she faced.”
“They talked about it?” Woody inquired. “That’s interesting.”
 “Did anyone ever complain about the Duckworths?”
There was something about the way Marlon gestured that suggested there was some kind of unpleasant history. I could tell he was uncomfortable sharing it.
“I don’t have any problem with Mrs. Duckworth. She seems nice enough. Mr. Duckworth is another matter.”
“Why?” I asked. I was curious.
“He’s been nothing but trouble ever since he moved into this neighborhood. All he had to do was sell my boss that small strip of land, but he refused. My boss even offered him an extra twenty grand above market price, but Howard wouldn’t budge and he refused to honor the easement. It would have given the Double T ranch direct access to the upper pasture, so we could move cattle like we used to do in the old days.”
“So, the two men didn’t get along,” Jeff replied. “It must have gotten worse after your boss started seeing Rhona.”
“It was more than just that. Mr. G. told me Howard claimed in court that his business was underwater and other than their retirement savings, which they couldn’t afford to tap into, the only real asset they still had left was that house. Short of selling it at a huge loss and splitting the profits, they were stuck living together in it until the real estate market perks up.”
“Poor Rhona,” I sighed. “What a terrible position to be in. It almost sounds like Howard enjoyed her being stuck there.”
“Hence, Mr. Gurne’s offer of a place to live gave Rhona the opportunity to get out from under Howard’s thumb, enraging him,” Jeff nodded thoughtfully, pausing a moment before posing the next question.
“Was it Rhona’s idea to move in here or your boss’s?” Jeff wanted to know.
“My boss’s. He said that if anything happened, he could call on his workers for backup.”
“Did he ever confront Howard about his threatening behavior?”
“I couldn’t tell you.”
 “Did they have plans to marry?”
“Not to my knowledge. I always figure it’s not my business to ask about things like that until my boss makes it my business.” The ranch manager shrugged. “But who knows for sure?”
“Wasn’t Rhona worried about her own safety?” I asked. “Wasn’t she afraid to stay in the same house with Howard?”
“I don’t know for sure. My boss mentioned the other day that she was going to move in with him, but she hasn’t done that yet. I’m not sure why. He asked me if some of the guys would help move her stuff out as soon as she decided she was ready.”
“Do you know whose idea was it to end the marriage?” I suspected it was hers. Marlon gave me a tight, humorless smile. For a man who didn’t like to gossip, he knew more than he wanted to admit.
“Well, rumor has it there was a mistress or two over the years, which Rhona tolerated for a while. But when she came home last year and found Howard entertaining in their bed, it was the last straw.”
“That would do it for me,” I declared. I felt Jeff poke me gently in the back.
“Easy there, cowgirl. We should get going. Listen, you call me if there’s any trouble.” He extracted a business card from his wallet and handed it to the ranch manager. “And if you see anything unusual, anything at all, you tell Rick Freschetti and let him handle it. Whatever you do, don’t let Howard come back here and try to intimidate you or your people.”
“Not to worry. I’ve got this.”
“Good.” The two men shook hands. A moment later, Woody extended his hand to Marlon.
“It was nice to meet you.”
“You too.”
I waited until we were in Woody’s SUV before I asked the question weighing on me. “Where is Rhona going to sleep tonight? She can’t stay with Howard and she can’t stay here alone, even if she does have a key. I don’t trust that creep!”
“True. Maybe she could stay with the Boscombs,” Woody suggested helpfully, glancing in the rear view mirror. I shook my head. I didn’t think that was a sensible solution.
“She needs more security than that, but it should probably appear to be invisible, especially if we’re trying to convince Howard to move forward with his plot. If, as you say, Jeff, he’s got to let his guard down in order for us to find Michael....”
Jeff pivoted in the front passenger seat, so that he could see me. There was an odd expression on his face.
“What’s wrong?” I asked him. He gave a little snort before answering.
“I’ve left you on the island for a few short months and already my mother has put her indelible mark on you.”
“Meaning what?”
“Marigold Flowers never talked like that. Marigold Flowers was too busy running away from the scary things in life.”
It was true. When we met, I had just been booted out of WitSec because of a creep with a devious streak a mile wide and enough money to hire an endless supply of bad guys to do his bidding. Jeff and his family took me under their collective wing and protected me. He’d even hired bodyguards and made sure I learned how to defend myself. And now, like a born-again believer, I wanted to help Rhona. What goes around comes around. Time to make a difference in someone else’s life. “But I’m not Marigold anymore. I’m Chrisanth Neeson. We can’t just leave Rhona on her own, Jeff.”
“See? You even sound like my mother. And I can tell you’re getting hooked on the whole mystery thing.”
“But that doesn’t change the fact that we have to do something. What if the cops don’t find Michael in time? What if Howard goes ahead and kills them both?”
“Sweetheart, I’m already on it. Do you really think my mother will let me have a moment’s peace while Rhona and her rancher boyfriend are at risk?”
“Hmm,” I smiled, ruffling his hair with my fingers as I leaned in for a kiss, “I guess not.”
It was true. By the time we arrived at the Pineapple Bay Ranch, the “Stop Howard Duckworth” effort was well under way. Liz had turned the dining room into a command center. There were several laptops sitting on the table, all showing different views of the Kalaheo area, thanks to Google, Bing, and MapQuest. Kelly carried in platters of sandwiches and pitchers of ice tea, which she placed on the dining room table. There were plates, napkins, and glasses on the nearby buffet. We helped ourselves, eating and talking, as we sorted out the facts of the case.
“Michael Gurne has to be somewhere in the area. We’ve got to figure out just how far Howard’s willing to travel to keep tabs on him. He strikes me as a man who likes to taunt his victim,” Liz decided. “I’m betting that he’s going to want to make the man miserable as often as he can, and that means he needs easy access, with enough cover not to arouse suspicion.”
“Good point,” Ted Boscomb replied thoughtfully. “Would that mean he’d need some kind of transportation to go back and forth?”
“Unless he’s walking, yes.”
“You’re talking about anything from a car or truck to a golf cart or ATV,” Woody pointed out.
“Or a bike,” suggested Lara.
“Or a horse,” Kellie added, leaning over her husband’s shoulder. “Out here, a lot of us ride.”
“Hold on a minute. Isn’t there one important thing to consider first, before we start wondering where Michael Gurne is?” I asked. My mind was still unsettled about the abductor’s murder. “Why did Howard kill Rupert Quillane at the Puu o Hewa Reservoir?”
“That’s fairly straightforward, Chris. He didn’t want anyone to associate what happened to you on the upper pasture with his plan to destroy Rhona and Michael.” Jeff gave me the patient smile of a seasoned investigator.
“Exactly my point,” was my reply. “Howard could have just killed Quillane closer to the spot where he tried to kidnap me, but he chose to meet up at the reservoir. Doesn’t that suggest he wants to throw people off the trail?”
“I don’t follow you. How does that fit in with Michael’s disappearance?” Liz inquired. Those sandalwood brown eyes were on me. I saw the flicker of interest begin to grow. “Go with your gut.”
“Well, doesn’t it all depend on what Howard plans to get out of all this? If all he wants is to ruin Rhona and Michael’s chances for happiness, he’s probably going to be messy and dramatic. ‘Bang, bang, you’re dead.’ But if he has another goal in mind,” I paused, trying to spit out the thoughts whirling around my head, “like recuperating the money he lost in bad investment deals, he’s going to go about this crime differently, isn’t he? He’s going to make sure it pays off for him in a big way because it’s about money.”

Chapter Thirteen --

“Meaning?” Jeff folded his arms across his chest as he stood with his back against the wall. I could tell he was in pain, but he didn’t want to give in to it.
“You know how professionals act when they take on a contract? They want to survive to live another day. They want to get away with murder. But domestic violence is very different, isn’t it? It’s about control and forcing an ex-lover to submit.”
“You’re saying Howard is trying to do both here?”
“I think I am,” I decided. “When he confronted me in the woods, he admitted that I caused problems for him and threatened me. But when we got to the farmhouse, he pretended it was all my imagination and claimed I was conspiring with Rhona to set him up as the victim. Rhona wasn’t just his wife. She used to be his bookkeeper. She knows his financial secrets.”
“So?” Jeff sounded skeptical. That didn’t sit well with Liz.
“Let her get it out, Jefferson. I think she might be onto something.”
“Doesn’t that suggest a man who’s scheming? What if his motive for killing Quillane is important? What if he had a plan that involved hiring the man to kidnap Michael Gurne, and when that was done, Howard deliberately killed him to make it look like suicide?”
“Honey, why does that matter to you so much?” my dad wanted to know.
“Because I think Howard was watching when Quillane not only kidnapped Michael, but also when he went after Johnny and me. I think he knew Quillane screwed up, so he deliberately made it look like suicide to conceal Michael’s kidnapping, and maybe that also means he’s delayed his plans to kill Michael until he can be sure he won’t be suspected of the crime.”
“That means he has to run another ruse or two, plant another red herring here and there, so that when Michael Gurne shows up dead, Howard won’t be on the Kauai Police radar.”
“Exactly. Jeff, remember when I was set up by those emails in when I was in Florida? They were sent to your brother, purporting to be from me, only I didn’t send them?”
“Sure. Oh,” he slapped his forehead. “Now I know what you’re driving at! You think Howard sent the message about the meeting on the Big Island from Rhona’s computer? Let me call Rick and see if he can track the IP address on the email Marlon got.”
“Wait, wait, wait!” Liz held up a hand, index finger erect. “Chris, that’s brilliant! You think Howard has enough presence of mind and self-control to not only trump his soon-to-be ex-wife in the divorce settlement, but to somehow leave her holding the bag on Michael Gurne’s murder?”
Up until she said those words, I hadn’t. I had concluded that Howard was guilty of many things, but when Liz suggested he not only wanted to ruin the lovers, he also wanted Rhona to be arrested for Michael’s murder, the logic seemed to fit like a good pair of comfortable jeans.
“Wow, I guess I do,” was all I could say.
“That means he probably did a lot more planning and had a stronger strategy than we’ve realized,” Jeff announced. “He’s had time to get his ducks in a row, but there’s an upside for us. The plot won’t work until he can make Rhona look like Michael’s killer.”
“He’s already accused her of being a gold-digger,” Lara reminded us. “Would that imply that he’s set her up financially?”
“You mean this whole idea of her moving in with Michael and then Michael disappears?” Liz tapped her pen on her notepad. “Keep talking.”
“In order for Rhona to be the suspect, people have to believe she has a motive for killing Michael, right? But Gurne hasn’t changed his will yet, has he? Or given her access to his bank account.  Or even turned over power of attorney....”
“Maybe that’s what Howard’s trying to do now,” Ted suggested. “The longer Mike is missing, the greater suspicion that Rhona’s involved.”
“But how could he make it look like she was directly involved in the scheme without her actual participation?” Liz wanted to know. We all gave it some thought.
“He would have to create the illusion of involvement,” Jeff replied, “to make it look like she was using Mike to get out of her financial predicament. Hence, Rhona the gold-digger.”
“Rhona?” I turned to the woman in question. Her face was much paler now and her eyes seemed to focus on an imaginary spot on the dining room wall. “Why did Mike give you that house key? Did something happen recently that made him worry about you?”
For a moment, I thought she was having a catatonic episode; her body was rigid, motionless. But then her gaze slowly fell on me and there was no mistaking the terror she felt, even while she gave me a tiny nod. Clearing her throat, she said, “Howard went on a rampage at home. He started smashing things and punching holes in the walls. It was horrible.”
There was something about the way she said it that made me conclude that she and her soon-to-be ex-husband were all alone at the time. Maybe that was important.
“Were there any witnesses?” I wanted to know.
“Well, I called Mike and he came over, but....”
“But by that time, you were all alone?” Liz inquired. I recognized the look on Jeff’s face. He was beginning to realize the scope of Howard’s vile plot. “Were Howard and Mike ever friends?”
“Friends?” She considered the question. “I don’t think you could say they were ever friends. They played golf together once in a while. And they talked about going in on an investment deal with a few other people in the area.”
“What kind of an investment deal?” Woody was curious. “Did it involve farm land?”
“How did you know?”
“There’s a new trend in hedge fund investments. They buy up farm land and lease it out to farmers to work. Not only do the investors collect fees for the land lease, but they also get a percentage of the profits from the sale of the crops or herds.”
“Yes, but how does all that factor in here?” Jeff wanted to know. “It doesn’t strike me that there’s enough acreage here to make it worth a hedge fund’s while.”
“Hold your horses,” Ted interrupted. “I actually think that makes sense. I was one of the guys Howard pitched the idea to, but I rejected it. He wanted us to sell the Pineapple Bay Ranch to his investment group. He promised us a little over two million for the land and the house.”
“Wow, that’s a nice chunk of change. Why did you turn him down?”
“I’m an independent cattle rancher. I already own the land. Why would I want to sell it to investors and rent it back?”
“Because you’d have two million dollars in the bank,” Kellie reminded him, “enough for our kids to get through college and to finance our retirement.”
“Not a good enough reason to sell.” Ted frowned. “Howard was putting the deal together, using some of his Mainland contacts.”
“He used to be a broker,” Rhona interjected.
“Did Michael agree? Is that why he was talking about selling the upper pasture?” I asked Rhona. She seemed unsure.
“If he was, he didn’t tell me about it. But then, we never talked about money. I was...I was embarrassed about the divorce. My lawyer insisted that I get my fair share of our investments. She thought Howard was hiding assets. Right after that, he tried to force us into bankruptcy, claiming that he owed more money than the two of us were earning.”
“Did he?” Liz asked. “But you put a stop to that.”
“I’m an honest woman. I don’t want to declare bankruptcy.”
“You said you were Howard’s bookkeeper and you know his secrets. What might those be, dear?”
Rhona’s face went from white to red in less than sixty seconds. It was obvious the question made her very uncomfortable.
“It might have a bearing on this case,” said the author of the Inspector Samuelson Investigates series. I thought Liz might have missed her calling, the way she kept on point and ignored the woman now squirming in her chair.
“Um...about a year ago,” she sniffed, “Howard roped his mother into a deal that involved funding a start-up aimed at providing technologies designed for senior citizens. Myrna asked some of her friends to join her, which they did. When it failed, they all lost their money.”
“How much?” Ted asked the question we all wanted answered. Rhona didn’t respond, so he asked again. “How much money are we talking about here? Fifty grand? A hundred grand?”
Rhona’s mouth puckered up and a plaintive wail emerged. “A million dollars!”
“Holy crap!” Kellie was stunned. “Did you have to pay it all back?”
There it was, the deer-frozen-in-the-headlights look of a guilty spouse; the knowledge of her husband’s misdeeds was haunting Rhona. She knew what he had done to those elderly investors. She knew it was a scam. But she had remained silent, letting him get away with his crime. She was complicit.
“The company was a fraud from Day One, wasn’t it?” I demanded. “You knew and you let it happen.”
I saw Rhona’s stricken face; it was evidence of her emotional state. I realized then why she had remained silent about her husband’s criminal mischief. She was terrified of the man.
“Chris, this isn’t the time....” Jeff started to warn me off, but Liz stopped him.
“Actually, it is. It’s another reason for Howard to set her up for a fall. I’ll bet that million dollars is sitting in an off-shore bank, collecting interest, and he can’t touch it until Rhona is out of the picture.”
Suddenly, unexpectedly, the woman sat up in her chair, electrified. Rhona was excited.
“Oh! Do you think it is?”
As hope seemed to displace fear, she began to share the story of deceit and treachery that took place during their marriage. By the time she was done, we were all on the same page. One way or another, we were going to defeat Howard Duckworth.
“I just wanted those people to get their money back. What he did to them was terrible and I told him that. I begged him to return it.”
“Which is why he’s so determined to set you up,” Woody pointed out. “You’re the thorn in his side.”
“Maybe Howard assumed you told Mike everything. It could be why he kidnapped him,” Jeff suggested.
“Oh, no! That was my fault? But I couldn’t tell Mike about it!” Rhona’s hands gripped the table so tightly that her knuckles went white. For a few seconds, she looked as if she might faint. “I was too embarrassed and I didn’t want him to think badly of me.”
“You poor thing,” Lara commiserated with her once more. “How heavy that burden must have weighed on you.”
“It did,” she sniffed. A pair of tears rolled down Rhona’s red cheeks. “I’m not that kind of woman.”
“First things first, people,” Liz reminded us. “We’ve got to concentrate on our missing man. He’s our biggest priority.”
A little after one, while we were all still trying to find some tiny clue about Michael Gurne’s whereabouts, Rick called Jeff. He had gone through the farmhouse of the Double T Ranch, room by room, looking for any snippet of information that would put us on the right track. He had copied every piece of paper that he deemed relevant. And when he was done, he wanted permission from someone, anyone, to get into the rancher’s computer and cell phone records.
“Could Marlon give it?” Ted wondered.
“Not unless he’s got power of attorney,” Jeff responded. “I’m putting you on speaker phone, Rick.”
“Why not ask the ranch manager about next of kin for Mike?” Liz prompted him. “A sibling, a relative, an ex-wife....”
“He has a cousin in Oahu. I think her name is Gloria. She should be listed in his cell phone contacts,” Rhona announced helpfully. “They talk a couple of times a week.”
“If that’s so, she must worried sick about him by now.” Jeff picked up the plastic bag with the Smartphone inside and scrolled through the received calls, got Gloria’s phone number, and read it off to Rick.
“Okay, Jeff. I don’t want to show up at the Pineapple Bay Ranch and tip my hand. Any chance I can meet you folks somewhere else when I’ve got something?”
“We’re heading back to Waipouli in a couple of minutes. Why don’t we rendezvous there in an hour?”
“Sounds good.”
Something nagged at me as we wrapped things up. What was it? I couldn’t shake the feeling that we were missing something important, something that might be a game changer. We were on the veranda of the Boscombs’ house, getting ready to depart, when Rhona said something so ordinary, but so important.
“Should I leave my car keys with you, in case you have to move it?”
“That would probably be helpful,” Kellie admitted. “I’ve got a rather large party coming in later in the week and if this isn’t solved by then....”
“That’s it!” I exclaimed.
“What’s it?” Lara looked at me like I had two heads.
“The key!”
“We need a little more to go on than that, Chris,” Jeff told me, slightly amused.
Liz agreed with her son. “We’re not mind-readers, darling.”
“What’s the one thing that matters most when you’re setting someone up for a fall? Access. Rhona’s the target, right? She’s still been living at the Duckworth house. She hasn’t moved in to the Double T Ranch farmhouse yet. Doesn’t that mean Howard’s probably gotten his hands on the key Mike gave her? He’s probably has been all through Mike’s place. So, if Howard is setting up Rhona, and he needs it to look like she’s a gold-digger, maybe he was able to plant the evidence all over the farmhouse, maybe even on Mike’s computer.”
“Maybe Rick’s IT guy can catch Howard in the act of hacking the email account,” Jeff decided.
“Of course! And he’ll probably find incriminating material on Rhona’s,” said Liz, tapping her forehead.
“But Howard and I don’t share a computer anymore, not since I found those filthy photos of him with his bimbos on our old Mac. I made sure to lock him out of my new computer with password protection. Mike insisted I use the same security software he has.”
Jeff burst her bubble on that assumption. “But if you live in the same house, it’s just a matter of Howard installing a keystroke spyware program on it to capture your passwords when you log in.”
“Oh,” she groaned, looking crestfallen. “You mean he can read my emails?”
“If you have a synchronization program for your phone, your tablet, your computer, he’s got access to all your technology. He’s probably paid someone to clone your phone or tablet, so he’s got a front row seat to all of your communications. When you get a call on your cell, he knows who’s calling you. When you send an email or a text, he probably reads each one. Maybe the IT guy can tap into the software and watch Howard spying on you.”

Chapter Fourteen --

“Damn it!” Tears welled up in Rhona’s eyes. “It’s just not fair! No wonder Mike was so worried about me. He tried to tell me he thought Howard was stalking me, but I thought he meant he was following me around, lurking in the shadows.”
“Ah, peeping in your windows, snooping through your snail mail,” Liz nodded knowingly, “probably even eavesdropping on your conversations. It’s likely he did do that.”
“I thought I was careful. I tried to be. But it never occurred to me he was watching me on the Internet because I thought I had that covered,” Rhona admitted, blowing her nose. She seemed to have aged a good ten years as the afternoon wore on and the bad news accumulated.
“So if the bastard has a copy of Mike’s house key, he’s had plenty of time to plant the evidence that will make you look especially guilty when he finally finishes setting you up.”
“What are we going to do?” Lara wanted to know. “We can’t toss Rhona to that wolf. She deserves better.”
“Let’s test Chris’s theory. Let’s see if we can lure the wolf out into the open and make him confirm that he’s watching her. Once we know for sure, we can plan our disinformation campaign accordingly.” Jeff took my hand and squeezed it. “It has to be a message that will knock his socks off.”
“You should pay attention to all this, Ted,” Kellie poked her husband playfully in the ribs, an impish grin on her face. “I just want you to know that if you ever mess with me, I’m calling Jefferson Cornwall for help.”
It was decided that Rhona would leave her car at the Pineapple Bay Ranch, at least for the night. If Howard thought she was staying with the Boscombs, he’d probably leave her alone for the time being.
“Sounds like a plan,” Liz announced. “Shall we go now?”
We walked across the driveway together, our footsteps loud as the gravel scattered. Woody got behind the wheel of his SUV for the drive back to Waipouli with great enthusiasm. After many years of being in the federal witness protection program, forced to comply with a life on the run, he was suddenly on the other side of the equation, able to help Rhona with her problem. That was a powerful elixir for a man like my dad. He urged us to get going as we offered our farewells to the Boscombs. “Let’s hop to it, folks. The bus is leaving.”
We all climbed in after him. Rhona took my place in the back seat, settling in between the other two women. As the youngest member of the group, with knees that were arthritis-free, I was delegated to sit in the rear jump seat.
Once we got onto Route 50, Jeff asked us to give him a minute or two to make some arrangements. His first call was to Rick.
“Hey, can you get a couple of your guys over here for some surveillance work?” They talked over the details, including hiring a helicopter pilot to ferry them over from Oahu and do a couple of passes over the upper pasture and surrounding area. And then Jeff outlined the most important part of the plan. “I need an expert IT guy, someone who’s able to spot a cyber stalker. Excellent. Have him join us. Yeah, that’s a good idea. Let me find out.”
Jeff paused just long enough to ask Rhona an important question.
“Do you know anything about the security system in Mike’s house? Alarms, cameras....”
“Yes...oh, damn it!”
“What’s wrong?”
“I put all the information Mike gave me about the alarm system in a document on my computer, along with just about every other secret I was trying to keep from that rat bastard!”
Rhona had another emotional meltdown, but this time, her anger at Howard displaced some of her fear. I thought that was a healthy sign.
“Let it go,” Liz advised her kindly. “It’s water under the dam now. The important thing is we’ve still got time to get this mess fixed.”
“Besides, you had no idea Howard was so conniving,” Lara pointed out. “Stop beating yourself up for what you didn’t know. You’re smarter now, dear, so let’s do it right from here. Let the security people use the information to catch Howard.”
“Do you think they can?”
“Absolutely. As long as they know what they’re dealing with and you’re honest with them, they’ve got a good chance.”
By the time we pulled into the parking lot of the resort and disgorged from Woody’s vehicle, we got word that Gloria was on her way to the Honolulu airport to meet up with Jeff’s team for the flight over to Kauai. She had provided proof of power of attorney for the records search. Things were moving along quickly.
Since Howard had been so good at spying on Rhona in her own home, it was decided she needed professional help to protect herself from further harm. As the Vulcan Security man put it, it was time to turn the tables on Howard Duckworth and beat him at his own game. Rick demanded a dollar from her, wrote up a service contract, and when the document was signed by both parties, he congratulated Rhona. 
“You are officially now under the protection of Vulcan Security, and it is our duty to monitor your safety every step of the way. Do you, madam, authorize us to enter your house in your absence and search the premises for signs of any threat to you and your possessions, including your computer?
“I do,” she said adamantly. “Go get the creep!”
With her official permission in hand, the security team was ready to enter the house she shared with her soon-to-be ex-husband, but first they needed some more information. Rick grilled Rhona for most of the afternoon, while Liz took notes and Jeff asked the occasional question. Once they were sure they had every detail covered, it was time to get started.
The first necessary step was to lure Howard out of there, so the Vulcan Security team could get in and look around. They came up with a ruse. Rhona would return to the Pineapple Bay Ranch and spend the night there. Ted drove to Waipouli and picked her up at the resort. On the way back, he took her home so she could pack an overnight case. 
Once she had arrived on the ranch and settled in for the night, Jeff called Kellie to relay a message to Rhona. She was to send another email to Mike on her Smartphone, telling him that she was going to stay at the Boscombs’ place for a few days, until he came back from the Big Island.
For the next couple of hours, the Boscombs hosted an impromptu gathering of guests and friends on their veranda, and sure enough, according to the Vulcan Security operative watching Howard, the soon-to-be ex-husband crawled through the woods and across the pasture, settling himself fifty yards or so from the crowd with a high-powered pair of binoculars. He stayed there for three-quarters of an hour, long enough for the other Vulcan Security team members to go through the Duckworth house and collect evidence.
While all that was going on in Kalaheo, things were also moving in Waipouli. Jeff booked rooms for Gloria and the Vulcan Security team at the resort.
When she arrived, she couldn’t wait to cooperate. Barely five feet tall, with a firm handshake and eyes that were looking for answers, the rancher’s cousin insisted on getting right to work.
“Just tell me what you need. I’ll do whatever it takes to get Mikey back. Do you think that creep will ask for a ransom payment? I could probably raise the money if I have a couple of hours.”
Rick convened a meeting in LIz’s condo. We were all there, save for the female operative he had shadowing Howard. His investigators went over their findings, detailing the information they gathered at Rhona’s house. By the time they finished, we knew a lot about Howard’s game plan. He obviously didn’t expect his soon-to-be ex-wife to be as sneaky as he was; that worked in our favor. The Vulcan Security IT expert had no trouble getting information from his computer. Howard had actually mapped out his plan in great detail, right down to how he planned to snatch Rhona for the finale. The only thing he didn’t mention was the location where he was keeping Michael Gurne. That didn’t stop Rick from trying to find the answers.
“As you know, among my specialties for the Secret Service, I was a profiler. Looking over the information in front of me now, I believe I’m seeing a pattern, but I’m not sure how relevant it is. He seems to have visited some of the major tourist attractions on the island over the last three weeks. Any reason why you folks think he might have done that?”
Liz put her pen down and glanced up at the professional man sitting on the opposite side of her dining room table. “Rhona said something about her job at the Hawaiian Tourism Authority. She keeps tabs on what’s popular with visitors or something.”
“In that case, he’s probably stalking her while she’s working.”
“Where would you hide a captive,” Jeff wanted to know, “if you were Howard? What kind of place would you need?”
“I’ve had a couple such cases. Usually, it involves finding a remote location with shelter or a secure, soundproofed room. You can’t afford anyone stumbling on your hiding place.”
“But wouldn’t Howard either need an accomplice to keep an eye on Mike or the ability to check on him himself?” Woody suggested.
“Sure. But that could involve something as simple as a camera and a computer, one he could turn on and off at will. We didn’t find anything like that in the Duckworth home.”
“But there’s a system in place at the Double T Ranch to monitor the cattle and protect them from rustlers, isn’t there? I assume the other ranches use a similar system,” Liz remarked.
“Too risky,” Rick insisted. “He’d probably go low-tech on this. Baby monitor or single video camera, battery operation, and he couldn’t risk keeping it on his home computer, not if he wants the cops to find the evidence he planted to implicate Rhona.”
“Could he be hiding Mike at another ranch, without the knowledge or consent of the owner?” I wondered.
“It would be unusual, Chris. Otherwise, how would he explain his interest in constantly going back and forth? He’d have to have legitimate access to the place.”
“Hold on,” said Zack, one of the security men who had gone into the Duckworth house. “We found a couple of checks from the guy to a Mrs. Ioni, and there was a notation at the bottom of the checks -- it said ‘mushrooms’.
“So? Howard likes mushrooms.”
“Yeah, he likes really expensive mushrooms -- to the tune of a couple hundred bucks a month.”
“Maybe he’s not eating them, not if they’re that expensive,” Lara pointed out. “Could he be raising them? He could have rented space on a working farm. It’s not all that unusual.”
“Could you hide a guy in a mushroom cellar or shed, with no one the wiser?” Liz peered at us through her tortoise shell glasses. “Who would think to look there?”
“Let’s see those satellite photos again,” said Rick. “Maybe we missed it.”
 “Hey, boss!” Zack was excited. “Check this out. I traced the name on the checks, which turns out to be a little old lady next door to the Duckworths. She has a good-sized shed at the back of her property. Lillian Ioni is eighty two, probably hard of hearing.”
“What’s the address?” Rick demanded. His operative read it out loud as Rick pointed to a spot on a Bing map.
“That’s practically right across the street from the entrance to the upper pasture, isn’t it?” I exclaimed.
“So it is,” Jeff agreed. “Son of a....”
“We’ve got to talk to the wife,” Rick insisted. “She may know more than she realizes.”
A few minutes later, Rhona confirmed that Lillian was a crotchety neighbor who preferred her rescue dogs to people. Howard had rented her shed to grow several varieties of mushrooms to sell to his gourmet cooking club. He claimed he was helping the elderly woman stay afloat with the extra income.
“If we’re going to get Mike out, it’s probably best to do it at night, when Duckworth’s not expecting anyone to get inside. If he’s got a camera set up, it probably isn’t equipped with night vision capabilities. We could cut a hole in the side of the building and bypass the security alarms.”
“Now it’s just a matter of getting past those rescue dogs. We don’t want yappers or snappers,” Zack reminded the team. “Anyone want to go with me for a meat run? God only knows where we’ll find a thick, juicy t-bone this time of night.”
“Sure, I’ll drive you. You know the Safeway in Kapaa is open twenty four hours a day,” Woody remarked. “It’s very handy when you’re working odd hours of the day and night.”
“Okay, while you two guys get ready for a look-see at Miss Lillian’s House of ‘Shrooms, the rest of us will go over the plans again.”
Just after ten, Jeff and the others loaded their gear into the back compartment, along with the plastic bag of raw meat and bones, and climbed into Woody’s SUV for the trip back to Kalaheo. Refusing to take no for an answer, Liz, Lara, and I made plans to follow in Liz’s Lexus.
“We’ll be your coordinators,” she insisted, “and we’ll park nearby. If things go bad, we can help the cops find you.”
“But you stay in the car, Mother.” Jeff’s tone indicated this was non-negotiable. “You’re there solely for informational purposes.”
“Yes, yes,” she answered impatiently. “Of course! Are you going to dawdle all night long or can we move out? Let’s go!”
It was almost eleven when Liz rolled the Lexus into a quiet little spot at the side of the road by the south entrance to the Pineapple Bay Ranch, a good mile and a quarter from the Ioni property. She parked it next to a small storage shed, following Ted’s instructions. With the windows rolled down, we got comfortable while the night peepers serenaded us with their impromptu a cappella performance. Once our eyes had adjusted to the faint moonlight, we were able to see shadows and recognize landmarks. A black silhouetted cattle barn in the pasture stood out against the starry night sky. There were still lights on in the house on a distant rise; the warm glow through the windows gave the scene a friendliness that belied our purpose in being here. We were going to catch a killer.
After half an hour, Liz’s cell phone lit up with a text. The security men were in position, ready to enter the mushroom shed. “Get ready, ladies. This is it.”
“God, I hope he’s in there and he’s still breathing,” Lara confided. “It would be awful if we were just too late.”
As the minutes ticked on, we grew jittery, restless. It seemed like forever, but it was probably only fifteen minutes or so. Suddenly, Liz’s cell phone pinged and the screen glowed once more.
“Complications,” she announced.
“What kind of complications?” I leaned forward, trying to catch a glimpse of the text.
“It doesn’t say.” Liz sounded unhappy.
The next several minutes crawled on without another word. The tension was almost too much to bear. Finally, Lara spoke.
“What is taking them so bloody long? Is he alive or dead?”
Neither Liz nor I had the chance to reply, because suddenly there was a noise that captured our attention -- tires on gravel, coming down the long driveway from the Pineapple Bay Ranch.
“Is that a car?” Liz peered out into the darkness.
“I don’t hear an engine,” Lara replied.
“That’s because it’s Rhona’s hybrid Volt running on battery power,” I told the two women, as the car rolled on past us. When she reached the street, she turned on the headlights and proceeded up the hill.
“What’s she doing out of the house? Why didn’t Ted call us?” Liz was indignant, hissing her question in the darkness.
“Tell Jeff,” I urged her. “He might want us to follow her.”
“Better still, I’ll follow her while Lara texts.”
A moment later, the tiny ping sounded and Jeff’s reply lit up. “Follow her.”
We stayed a good fifty yards behind the electric car as it silently glided up the road. Near the top of the hill, we saw the left blinker flash four times before the driver turned into a driveway and the Volt disappeared from sight. Liz pulled past the entrance, proceeded another fifty yards, and then pulled a Y turn; hugging the shoulder of the road, Liz concealed the car behind some bushes.
“Now what?” Lara leaned her head out of the open window, listening.
“I don’t know.”
“Why is Rhona here? Was she in on the scam all along?”
“I wish I knew, Lara.” Liz sighed heavily. “It doesn’t make any sense.”
“I’ll be right back,” I told the two women as I prepared to exit the Lexus.
“Wait, Chris! Where are you going?”
Liz tried to stop me, but I was already half way out the window. With my hands on the roof, I wriggled the lower half of my body through the opening carefully and lowered myself to the ground. “I want to see what Rhona’s doing.”
Carefully moving passed the driver’s window on my way towards the entrance to the property, I heard Liz’s hushed words.
“Be careful! Promise me!”
“I promise. If you hear me screaming, come and save us,” I whispered. “Make a lot of noise.”
“No problem. We’ll be honking the horn and hollering.”
The driveway was dark, thanks to the huge acacia koa tree in the front yard. Its thick leaf canopy blocked the moonlight. It took me a few moments to make out the outline of the Chevy Volt. Rhona’s car was stopped about thirty yards from a dark silhouette I took to be the Ioni cottage, but I couldn’t tell whether it was occupied or not. With my heart fluttering like a worried butterfly, I concealed myself in the shadows as I crept forward silently on the grass, careful to avoid the crushed shell gravel.
I was about ten yards from the car when I heard noisy footsteps approaching the car on the driveway. A tall, thin, dark figure strutted up to the car, opened the door, and dragged something out. I realized to my horror that Howard had Rhona by her hair. Pinning her against the side of the car, he tossed her from side to side like she was a Raggedy Ann doll. Coughing, Rhona dropped to her knees onto the broken bits of shell. She took three deep breaths, gasping, as she tried to get some oxygen back into her lungs.
“You want to see your boyfriend alive, you make sure you’re here when I get back, because if you’re not, I’m going to kill him and it will be your fault he’s dead.” Howard growled at her menacingly before whirling around and disappearing into the night.
She was weeping now, a sad, forlorn moaning that seemed inconsolable. I forced myself to count to sixty slowly, waiting for Howard to put some distance between us, and then I moved in.
“Rhona!” My whisper startled her.
“Oh, Chris! This is so terrible! What am I going to do? He’s going to kill Mike.” Rhona sounded like a dreamer waking up in the middle of a nightmare. I realized she was in shock.
“Come with me. We’ve got to get out of here!”
“I can’t. He’s gone to get Mike. He’ll kill him if I’m not here.”
“He won’t find him,” I promised her, even though I wasn’t certain. What were those complications? “The men already found Mike.”
“They did? Is he okay?”
For a long, uncomfortable moment, I considered the ramifications of lying to her. I was in no position to tell her the truth, that there was a problem of some kind. If I did, she’d probably refuse to leave. She might even try to find Mike herself. I couldn’t afford to have her stumbling around in the dark, a desperate woman on the edge of unimaginable panic. I did the only thing that made any sense to me. I told her the world’s biggest whopper.

Chapter Fifteen --

“Come on,” I lifted her to her feet, steering her around the back of the Volt and into the passenger seat. “The guys told me to come and get you because they’re bringing Mike out now. It’s going to be okay, Rhona. There you go. Put your seat belt on and click it, just in case.”
Just in case what -- I have to flee in an electric car?
I had never driven one before, but I managed to get it started and shift it into reverse. Carefully backing up, I maneuvered the silent Volt out into the street, flipped on the lights, and waved madly in Liz and Lara’s direction. Seconds later, the headlights of the Lexus came on and the other car pulled into the road behind us.
With one hand on the steering wheel and the other grasping my phone, I frantically tried to connect with Liz. “Now what? Where should we go?”
“Head to Lihue. They just put Mike in the car and they’re going to meet the ambulance in Koloa. Can’t you go any faster? We don’t want Howard jumping out of the bushes and into the car!”
“I don’t think so.”
“For God’s sake, try!”
I put my foot on the accelerator, not expecting much of a response from the engine. What I got surprised me as the Volt suddenly shot forward. We were quickly hurtling down the hill on our way towards Route 50.
“That’s better, Chris. We’ll rendezvous down the road.”
Five miles later, I put my blinker on, pulled into a gas station that was closed for the night, and parked the Volt next to the flatbed truck with “Jimmy’s Towing” stenciled on the side. Opening the passenger door, I grabbed Rhona’s purse from the floor and tugged on her arm.
“We’ve got to get to the hospital!” I urged her forward, escorting her across the pavement and into the back seat of the waiting Lexus. The moment the door shut, Liz hit the gas. With the confidence of an experienced driver, she effortlessly navigated the winding roads at high speed; we soon made remarkable time on the journey to the other side of Kauai.
“When can I see Mike?” was the first thing out of Rhona’s mouth when she finally did speak.
“I didn’t tell her,” I admitted to the women in the front seat. “I thought it was more important to get her out of there.”
“You did the right thing, Chris,” Lara replied, pivoting in her seat. “The doctors are standing by in the emergency room; the minute the ambulance arrives with Mike, they will treat him. He’s very weak, Rhona, and he has some injuries.”
“Is he...is he going to die?”
“These doctors are the best of the best. They’ve worked miracles in the past. There’s no reason to doubt them now,” Liz said confidently. I thought she was bluffing, but I kept quiet. Rhona would know the truth soon enough, once the doctors had a chance to assess him. Why should we speculate now when there was no way to really know?
Liz parked the Lexus in the emergency room lot, pulling in beside a red Honda Accord and a utility van. We hurried to the entrance of Wilcox Memorial Hospital and once through the doors, we were met by Jeff, Rick and the others.
“He’s being triaged now,” Jeff told Rhona, taking her hands in his and leading her to a nearby chair. “We have to give the doctors some time to patch him up. He was in considerable pain, so they’ve given him medicine to make him more comfortable.”
“When can I see him?” She took the handful of tissues offered by Lara and dabbed at her tear-filled eyes.
“The doctors will be out as soon as they’ve stabilized him; they’ll give us an update. In the meantime, I have to ask you. Why did you go there?”
“Howard...he threw a rock at the window of my bedroom. There was a photo attached to it, a horrible, horrible photo, of Mike. Poor Mike!” Rhona looked away, remembering. “The note said that if I didn’t show up, if I told anyone, he’d finish him off. What choice did I have?”
What choice indeed, I thought. That decision, as foolhardy as it was, defined Rhona as a human being. She must really love Mike. Either that or she’s a complete idiot. She could have been killed.
“What happened to the Vulcan Security operative watching that creep?” Liz insisted on knowing. Rick shook his head.
“Howard somehow spotted Denyse. He got the jump on her from behind and knocked her out. She’s got a big lump on the back of her head, but she’ll survive.”
About ten minutes later, I heard a frantic voice demanding to know where the injured kidnapping victim was. Gloria arrived with her Vulcan Security escort.
“Over here!” Rick held up a hand, waving. “Hey, everybody, this is Mike’s cousin, Gloria Hillerman and my IT guy, Steve Doucette, also known as Acey-Doucy.”
We introduced ourselves in turn, and when it came to Rhona, I did the honors.
“She’s pretty upset about what happened to Mike,” I confided.
“As am I,” Gloria told us, perching on the edge of an upholstered hospital chair. “I hope they caught the bastard.”
“Actually, we dropped him off at the police station when we got to Lihue,” Rick told her. “It took four guys to subdue him. He was a maniac. But we got it all on video, from your cousin’s extraction out of the mushroom shed to the capture of Howard Duckworth when he opened the door and stepped in. By the time this case goes to trial, there will be no doubt in anyone’s mind that this is a very bad man.”
“We’ve also got all the computer forensics,” Acey-Doucy reminded his boss. “The electronic records show a man who was engaged in some serious cyber-stalking.”
At midnight, Michael Gurne was wheeled out of the emergency room and through the hallway to the operating theater, where surgeons addressed his compound leg fracture, head wound, and stitched his many cuts. We got an official report from Dr. Han two and a half hours later. Mike was dehydrated and his electrolytes were out of whack, but the surgeon thought he was going to survive.
“Thank God!” Gloria cried, hearing the news. Rhona was speechless, tears of joy falling down her cheeks. The rest of us breathed a collective sigh of relief. It had been a very long day.
“When can we see him?” Mike’s cousin wanted to know.
“The injured man is in the recovery room. His respirations are still rather slow and his blood pressure is a little too high. Just give him a couple of hours,” the doctor advised. “He’ll be moved to a private room once his vital signs have stabilized.”
One of the nurses came by ninety minutes later to say the patient was awake. Rhona and Gloria, allowed into Mike’s room for a brief five-minute visit, emerged a short time later, arm in arm, much relieved.
“They told us we can come back and see him in the morning.” Rhona heaved a great sigh. “He’s black and blue all over, and his head is bandaged to the size of a watermelon, but he squeezed my hand.”
It was just after five when our two-vehicle caravan pulled into the parking lot of the Waipouli Beach Resort. We split up after saying our farewells. My dad escorted Lara and Liz to their unit; he wanted to make sure his sweetheart got home safely after the harrowing night we’d had.
“Come on, love. Let’s go spring the little guy for a quick walk,” Jeff suggested to me. He took my hand in his for the ride up in the elevator.
“What a crazy, crazy day. I never would have thought it would turn out this way.”
“Sometimes we get lucky.”
“What drove Howard to do all that?” I asked, as I unlocked the door.
“Desperation, Chris. He built a business on a lick and a promise, and when it all started crumbling around him, he decided the only solution was to fake it, using the vulnerable seniors as investors in the phony tech company. The deeper he got into that mess, the more frantic Rhona got. When she decided to get out of her marriage, she posed the greatest threat to Howard because she knew about some of his ethical lapses. Gurne wanted to help her, so he started digging into Duckworth’s activities, asking questions and writing up his findings in anticipation of going to the cops. Steve Doucette said Howard must have found the file when he used Rhona’s key to get into the Double T Ranch farmhouse.”
“And it all went downhill from there,” I sighed.
“It did.”
Crossing the floor, I unlocked the crate door and was greeted by a very grateful pup. It wasn’t easy to harness that wiggly little body, but at last I managed.
“Do you really think the case against Howard is strong?” I wanted to know, as we made our way downstairs and back outside again. Coop immediately made a beeline for the fire hydrant.
“Let me put it this way, Chris. We had cameras rolling when we cut a hole in the wall of that mushroom shed and entered. Getting in was the easy part. I’ll spare you a detailed description of what we saw when we removed the lid of the wooden box he was kept in, but I can tell you his fingers were a mess from trying to claw his way out of that nightmare. He was in such rough shape that we didn’t dare move him. Instead, we made the hole in the side of the mushroom shed bigger, slid Gurne, still in the box, out of there and carried him to Woody’s SUV. Luckily, we were able to remove the rear seats, so the box fit. Your dad and Ted drove Gurne to meet the ambulance in Koloa. I went back with the other guys and we waited for Howard to show up. The last thing that bastard expected when he opened the door was to find us. You were very brave, by the way.”
“Was I?” I leaned against his muscular body, loving the feeling of having him so close.
“You saved Rhona. Without her, Howard couldn’t carry out his plan.”
“When he started to choke her, I thought he was going to kill her,” I admitted, remembering how he brutalized her. “I just wanted to get her out of there.”
“Good thing you did, love, considering what Acey-Doucy found out a little while ago. It seems Quillane gave Howard your purse when they rendezvoused at the reservoir. After he killed Quillane, Howard saw an opportunity that would deflect suspicion from him. He did a superficial background check on you, found out you were new to the island and single. The plan he came up with was to kill you and Mike together. When your bodies were discovered, investigators were supposed to believe you two were having an affair and a very jealous Rhona murdered you.”
“But I’ve never even met Michael Gurne! Wow, that’s unbelievable. When I think of what might have happened if we hadn’t sorted it all out, Jeff....” I shivered.
He pulled me closer, his lips by my ear. “But we did. That’s what matters.”
“Still....”
“It’s a good day for the good guys, Chris. That’s always a reason to celebrate. With all the evidence we compiled, Howard Duckworth will go to jail for a long, long, time. And Rhona and Mike...well, maybe they’re lucky enough to know love is worth fighting for, even when the odds are against you. Speaking of love, do you know how I feel about you?”
He kissed me tenderly, sweetly; as passion began to flow, I gave myself up to my swirling emotions, clinging to Jeff with an ardor that surprised and delighted me. It was returned in kind and I barely noticed my sore tongue.
By the time the sun began to peer over the horizon, spreading liquid gold on the Pacific Ocean, Cooper had been for a walk down to the beach and back with me. I had consumed scrambled eggs, toast, and juice on the balcony, sitting beside Jeff and my dad. I was ready for some sleep.
“I’m just going to lie down for a few hours,” I told them. “I’m beat.”
“That sounds like a good plan,” Woody agreed. “I already canceled my meetings today, as has Lara.”
After the terror of the night, I welcomed the bright sunlight that poured in through the open sliding glass doors, accompanied as it was by the light sea breeze. For the next three and a half hours, I dozed fitfully on my bed.
Jeff poked his head in once to check on me. I opened my eyes to find him watching me.
“Would you like me to close the door and pull the drapes?” he asked.
“No,” I mumbled. “Don’t want to be in the dark.”
Cooper stayed at my side much of the time, nestling against me as he also napped; I found his presence comforting. Every time I thought of Howard Duckworth’s fury, each time that frightening face resurfaced in my mind, I forced myself to remember that horrible man was locked in a jail cell in Lihue and I was in my condo in Waipouli, with good people around me and a good pup at my side.
When I finally became fully alert, morning was about to turn into afternoon. My eyes were still puffy with fatigue and my legs felt like hundred-pound weights, but I was ready to get back to the world of the living. I sat on the edge of the bed for a few minutes, listening. I could hear low voices coming from the living room and realized Jeff had the news channel on. He was working there, papers spread on the coffee table, his laptop in front of him. He gave me a smile as I entered the room.
“Feeling better?”
“I’m still a little discombobulated,” I admitted, leaning over to kiss the top of his head.
“Understandable.” I felt his arm slide around my waist as I sank down on the sofa next to him. “Come and sit.”
“It looks like you’ve been busy. Did you get any rest?”
“Not yet. Too much to do. It’s always important to get the details written up right away, while they’re still fresh in the mind.”
“Oh, I see,” I smiled, knowing that for thriller author Jefferson Cornwall, this case had been like catnip for the cat; the temptation to delve into it was irresistible. I stood up. “I’m thirsty. I need something to drink.”
“There’s fresh coffee in the pot, honey. Would you mind refilling mine?” He handed me his mug. “Goldie’s been working on Johnny Hiro’s case, but now that Duckworth’s been arrested for the kidnapping and attempted murder of Michael Gurne, it looks like the Kauai Police Department will be developing an even bigger case for Hawaii’s attorney general to prosecute. She’s hoping he’ll take a plea deal.”
“That would save the taxpayers a chunk of change, but I wouldn’t count on Howard folding his tent any time soon. I think he’ll continue to insist Rhona set him up.” 
“I agree with you up to a point. You didn’t see the video of us recovering Gurne, Chris. That’s a scene that’s hard to forget. Any sane lawyer is going to encourage his client to take the deal.”
I crossed over to the kitchen and placed it on the counter, grabbed another from the cabinet, and poured us each some coffee. Carefully carrying the mugs back to where he sat, I deposited them on the table before rejoining him on the sofa. “Here you go.”
“Thanks, babe. By the way, I’m thinking of writing a new thriller about a murder in paradise. I’ll publish it after Howard’s case has been decided.”
“Really? I’m not surprised,” I replied calmly, looking straight into those earnest dark brown eyes as he leaned back and gazed at me.
“You’re not?”
“No, I’m not. Let me guess. You’ll change the setting and some of the details.”
“How did you know?”
“I’ve been hanging out with your mother,” I grinned. “That’s what she does.”
“Are you surprised by that? It’s just such a good story....”
“Oh, I’m beginning to understand the man behind the mysteries, Jefferson Cornwall. I knew you were hooked on the case the minute you instructed Rick to continue investigating Howard. You were suspicious enough not to leave it alone.”
“I was,” he nodded. “It was obviously not a good situation. Too much tension between divorcing spouses before that shooting in the pasture and the one man who tried to rescue the damsel in distress was missing....”
“There’s just one thing I have to ask.”
“What’s that?”
“Will your book be published before your mother’s?”
“What?” There was genuine surprise in his reply.
“You did realize Liz plans to write her own version of the tale, didn’t you?”
“But I thought she was working on a Serena Duvall romance, with ‘the runaway bride has a tragic secret’ theme.”
“Ah, ‘was’ is the operative term, love. Your mother’s as hooked on this story as you are. She’s already got her own set of notes on the case.”
“Rats!”
“Rats?”
“You know what she’s going to do to me, don’t you? She’s going to tell me she started her version before I started mine. You watch her. She’ll go all dramatic on me and insist that I let her proceed.”
“Meaning your plan to write your thriller is now out the window?”
“Oh hell, no! If you’ll excuse me, love, I’ve got a first chapter to knock out.”
Amused by the mother-son rivalry, I left him to it, padding out to the balcony with my laptop. I still had some work to do for the Boscombs on the Namnoun-Birken wedding. Given the investigation into Mike Gurne’s kidnapping, I thought it best to come up with a new site for the ceremony, one that didn’t involve the still-recovering Johnny Hiro’s participation.
I studied the Boscombs’ property, using some of the same satellite images we used to find the missing man. I was looking for a spot on the ranch that might have both ocean and mountain views, even if they weren’t quite as spectacular as the ones from the upper pasture of the Double T Ranch. That’s when I spied what looked to be the perfect location, the hillside overlooking the pond, the one with the charming waterfall. There was only one problem. How would I get the guests up to the site?
A quick call to Kellie confirmed what I had hoped, that there was actually a rough trail already existing near the summit of the hill. “We go up there to check on the cattle when we’re moving them from pasture to pasture. I don’t know why we didn’t think of including it in the wedding landscape.”
“I can tell you why,” I responded with a laugh. “It’s because Johnny was right about the view from the Double T Ranch. It’s amazing. But I think we can make this alternative work, if there’s some way to transport guests up your hill.”
“No problem, Chris. We’ll use the golf carts. And I’ll ask Ted to put down some more crushed shell gravel on the path to smooth things out. Gee, maybe we can eventually do some landscaping and turn that into a romantic spot in a few months, when Johnny’s back on his feet. What a great idea!”
“I’ll stop by tomorrow to help, after I’ve caught up on some sleep.”
“Not to worry. Ted said Mike’s awake and talking to the police at the hospital. I heard he’s doing much better today. How’s Rhona holding up?”
“She’s hanging in there. Mike’s cousin is here from Oahu. She and Rhona are due to visit Mike later in the day, when he’s feeling a little stronger, but they’re both relieved he survived that nightmare. Speaking of Johnny, how’s he doing?”
“Pretty well. The doctors expect to release him in a few days. Mariko and the kids have been back and forth to Lihue every day to visit him, so I think she’ll be glad when he’s finally back home.”
“I’m glad.”
After I hung up, I decided to take a break from work. I grabbed a paperback and beach towel, slipped into my bathing suit, and headed for the pool. Jeff was still hunched over his laptop, fingers busily tapping on the keys. He glanced up briefly as I passed him.
“Have fun,” he said.
“You too.” I blew him a kiss on my way out the door, but he was too intent on his typing to catch it. I left him to his work, knowing he was trying to beat the clock.
I found a shady spot under a thatched umbrella at the quiet end of the pool and settled into a lounge chair. I had no sooner flipped open my book when I heard someone call my name.

Chapter Sixteen --

“Chris! Oh, thank heavens. I need you.” It was Liz. Her hair was disheveled, her glasses sliding down the bridge of her nose, and she wore the clothes from the day before. In her hand was a sheaf of paper. “Everyone else is still sleeping. Can you take a look at this and tell me what you think?”
“Sure.”
She handed me four or five typewritten pages and took the chair next to me, plunking herself down with an audible sigh. “Mind you, it’s just the first draft, but you get the idea.”
“Ah,” I smiled. He’s Planning to Kill Me was written as the header. Just beneath that were the words I expected to see: An Inspector Samuelson Investigates Mystery. I started to read, curious about what Liz would do with the tale. After all, her favorite fictional cop normally only investigated New York crimes. How was she going to put him on the island of Kauai, where he had no jurisdiction?
I had been in Hawaii exactly four hours and ten minutes when I got the news. I hadn’t even unpacked my suitcase, taken my first swim in the Pacific Ocean, or dropped my fishing line off the bow of the Mary Kalani. But that one call spelled disaster for my long-awaited trip to paradise. There had been a murder and someone I knew was involved in the case. What choice did I have but to step up to the plate?
My first few impressions of the Aloha state were good ones. People were friendly. The vibe was relaxed. Twelve hours after my flight left from JFK in New York, I had landed in Oahu. Even a long layover at LAX hadn’t put a damper on my spirits. I was too excited to be heading for a ten-day adventure that included zip-lining through the mountainous rainforest, whitewater kayaking on the sea, and plenty of fishing. And golf. Definitely lots of golf. I had even reserved tee times at three of the island’s best courses. For the next week and a half, I wouldn’t think of Tessa. I was going to stay so busy, so active, that the memory of her face wouldn’t have a chance to make its way into my conscious mind to torment me. As far as I was concerned, she was free to go haunt some other poor soul. I’d had enough of Teresa Marie McGill.
The afternoon started off just fine. I waited with the other passengers to collect my bags at the Delta luggage carousel inside Honolulu International Airport, chatting with a fellow passenger about the weather, about the Yankees, and even about the chances of catching something impressive with a Shimano reel off the deck of the Mary Kalani, with Captain Bob at the helm. As the bags began to appear, one after another, we each stepped up in turn to collect our belongings. I was hopeful that, for the first time since we split up, I was going to enjoy my new status as a bachelor. My only real regret was I didn’t get custody of Phil Mickelson. I was already missing that mutt.
With my suitcase in hand and golf bag slung over my shoulder, I made my way through the airport to the Island Air terminal. I had made a reservation for the hop to Kauai, where my old buddy, Rob Hutchinson, had taken a job with the Kauai Police Department. I was looking forward to staying at his place and catching up, two bachelors with plenty of time for adventure.
I had only just set my mind on that thought when my cell phone went off. I pulled it from the belt case.
“Rob, I’m about to board the shuttle to Lihue. I should be there in less than an hour.”
“Change in plans, my friend. I’ve got a bit of a problem. I just caught a murder case here and I’m juggling a missing persons case that might be related. My boss already informed me that the murder is the priority, but I’m worried the woman who reported her friend missing might be onto something. Any chance you could just listen to her and tell me whether she sounds credible to you?”
“I’m on vacation,” I reminded him.
“Man, I wouldn’t ask if I didn’t think there was something to her story, Charlie.”
“Why don’t you just steer her to one of your local private investigators? Surely they can handle it.”
“That’s just it,” Rob groaned. “The woman’s in the middle of an ugly divorce from a guy who’s a financial adviser to several of Hawaii’s big shots. I want an outsider’s opinion.”
“What’s the problem?”
“The missing man, Dick Fournier, was in the middle of a big business deal with the hubby, Nick Rawson. If I blow this and Fournier winds up as a murder victim, I’m dead in the water and that’s the end of my career.  Can’t you just sit with her for fifteen minutes and figure out whether there’s something to her story?”
My gut told me to cancel my flight to the Garden Island and go to the nearest hotel to book a room. There was still time for me to find a new fishing charter and, as far as I knew, Oahu had some pretty good golf courses on which to practice my swing. But then Rob said the one thing he knew would be irresistible to me. “She’s willing to pay you to listen and to advise her. You could finance your trip to the islands and still have something left over at the end of the day.”
When I got to that last sentence, I chuckled. Inspector Charlie Samuelson was an intriguing character; having an investigator on vacation after a bad breakup lent itself to some interesting twists and turns in the story. I was already curious about Tessa, the woman who got custody of their dog, Phil Mickelson. Did this mean poor Charlie would be so miserable about Tessa he’d miss important clues about the man who disappeared, or would he dive into the details of the case in his bid to forget her? Maybe he would get involved with Dick Fournier’s girlfriend and complicate everyone’s life. There seemed to be endless possibilities for distractions and difficulties in the fictional investigation.
“What do you think?” Liz was eager, barely able to contain her enthusiasm. “Can you see where this is going?”
“Based on this, I’d say the story definitely has promise,” I replied.
“You’re not just saying that?”
“I’m not just saying that,” I assured her.
“Thanks, kid.” Happy, she snatched back her first chapter, gave me a farewell wave, and hurried back to her nearby patio, where I could see her laptop and a tall glass of ice tea waiting on the table there. Back in her chair less than a minute later, she hunched over her computer and got back to work. I got back to my reading.
Jeff was lying in wait for me back at the condo an hour later. Before I could work the lock, he whipped the door open and yanked me inside.
“What did you think, Chris?”
“Of what?”
“Liz’s book.”
“How did you know about that?”
“I was watching you two from the balcony,” he admitted readily. Jeff knew his mother and her author habits too well. The apple hadn’t fallen far from that tree.
“I liked it. Why?”
“That’s because you haven’t read mine yet. Come and sit down,” he urged. He grabbed my hand and steered me over to the sofa. His laptop, with the story cued up, was ready. “Go ahead, love. Read. I’ll just take Coop out for a quick walk.”
I watched him harness the Yorkie and attach the leash. All the while, he was giving me sideways glances, hopeful of a front row seat to my reaction. I waited until he was out the door with the dog before I glanced down at the working title: Fool Me Once, Fool Me Twice. It was nothing like Liz’s version:
He stood in the shadows, watching the lovers. Her murmurs of pleasure nearly drove him mad as his replacement’s hands explored her body with a tenderness that seemed to arouse passion in her in a way he never had.
That they were intimate was no secret. He had caught them once before, after he had struck her and she had left the house in a snit. She had run to her lover. He knew that because he had followed her all the way up the hill and watched then, too. He couldn’t take much more of this.
The urge to kill was there. He felt it stirring in his loins. Another man was making love to his wife. He couldn’t tolerate that. He would have to act. He would have to put a stop to it.
It wasn’t enough to flat out murder her. He wanted her to learn her lesson before he choked the life out of her. He was sick and tired of everyone telling him what a wonderful woman she was. Did a wonderful woman take another man into her bed? Did she question her husband when he put a document in front of her and told her to sign it? Meredith had gotten mouthy since she caught him with Jessica last year. He had admitted that was a mistake. Still, a man like him had needs, and for so long, Meredith had rebuffed his advances. Frigid cow.
Sure, she talked about divorcing him, but he had ruled that out. He had told her it wasn’t going to happen. He couldn’t afford that right now, not when he was being squeezed by his clients. No, Meredith was not going to leave him, not for this guy or any other. He’d kill her before he’d let that happen....”
“Well?” Jeff was back with Cooper, but he and the dog weren’t alone. There was an anxious woman peering around the open door. He tried to block her, even as he questioned me. “What do you think?”
“I like it,” I told him.
“Better than Liz’s?”
“Don’t prompt her!” his mother warned him. She elbowed him aside. “And don’t make her feel guilty that she likes mine better than yours!”
“I didn’t say that,” I protested, but the two of them never heard me. They were too busy arguing who had the book rights. I sat there, waiting patiently, while they bickered. When there was a brief lull in the verbal jousting, I broke in.
“I think you two are missing the boat.”
“What?” Jeff frowned. “What are you talking about?”
“She’s trying to let you down easy, dear. She knows I have the stronger storyline.”
“Actually, that’s not what I was going to say at all.” They continued talking around me, so I waited for another opening. When it came, I struck quickly, my words spilling out. “I think you should both write the book.”
“We can’t possibly both publish mysteries based on the same case at the same time, Chris. We’d be competitors and our respective publishers don’t cotton to that.” Liz gave me a small smile to soften the rejection of my idea. I didn’t let that stop me.
“Again, not at all what I meant. I think there should be one book and both of you should write it. You, Liz, would take the law enforcement perspective,” I told her. “Your version has Charlie Samuelson on vacation, getting roped into acting as an unofficial adviser to the wife, right?”
“You’re making this an Inspector Samuelson Investigates book? You’ve got to be kidding me!” Jeff was rattled.
“And you,” I turned to him, “should write from the twisted husband’s perspective. See? Cop and killer facing off. Mother and son facing off. You could call it He Said, She Said.”
“Aren’t you sweet to think of it, Chris, but I actually prefer to write solo.” Liz sat on the arm of the sofa, scratching Cooper under the chin.
“In that case, I guess you two will have to flip a coin. Whoever wins the toss gets to write the book.”
“Well, that doesn’t work for me. I know what we can do.” She perked up considerably as an idea struck her. “We’ll go by the actual time the first word was saved on the computer. Which one of us beat the clock?”
“Perfect,” Jeff smirked. “I’ve got no problem with that.”
“No, dear? So you’ll be a gracious loser and concede to your mama?”
“I don’t think so. You see, I started taking notes at the ER last night, blocking out my plot while we were waiting for news of Michael Gurne’s condition. According to your rules, that means I won fair and square.”
“But, darling, as much as I am sure you’re convinced that you started your book last night, I assure you that jotting things down about the possibility of writing a new mystery is not actually the same as doing it. You see, I’ve already finished most of my first chapter.”
“Yes, but so have I.”
Mother and son started their contretemps once again, wrangling about technicalities. I thought they were missing the chance of a lifetime, so I cut in again.
“Why don’t you both read each other’s work?” I stood up. “I still think this will make a good joint project for the two of you. Two authors, two unique perspectives on murder and kidnapping. You, Jeff, have the opportunity to monkey wrench Inspector Samuelson’s investigation, by being as devious as Howard was in real life. And you, Liz, have a fictional cop working with the Kauai cops, experienced in homicide cases. He’s out of his jurisdiction, so maybe you can give him a temporary partner, one who tries to help him to get over the end of his relationship with Tessa.”
“Charlie Samuelson dumps good-hearted Tessa?” Jeff sounded shocked. “Your readers liked Tessa. That’s the equivalent of shooting yourself in the foot, Mother.”
“I know, but I didn’t think she was a good fit for the man. He needs someone with a little more grit, some more oomph. She’s kind of a bore, always playing it safe, always such a Goody Two Shoes.”
“Maybe he needs to learn to appreciate her more,” I suggested. “Maybe Charlie thinks she’s just a bubble head and doesn’t listen to her when he should. He typically goes about things in a very forthright way, like a jackhammer. You could make their relationship a little less superficial by giving Tessa some kind of mysterious past that drives her timid behavior. Maybe she’s hiding something dark and dangerous, something she thinks he won’t understand. Hasn’t she been holding him at arm’s length a little too long?”
“Now you’re giving me writing advice? Are you suggesting that Inspector Samuelson is too tough, too jaded, or too dull?” Liz was offended. “He’s never been able to find a romantic counterpart because he’s so dedicated to his job and he’s a risk-taker. If I marry him off, people will think I’ve gone soft and soppy. Charlie Samuelson will lose his edginess, that endearing bit of belligerence. I’ll have you know he’s been the one character I created who paid the bills for the last two decades!”
“I’m just saying that maybe it’s time to let the guy find love with the right woman. It’s not like he hasn’t earned it after all he’s done for you,” I replied, thinking it was strange to be arguing about fictional characters like they were real. “Besides, he’s on vacation. It’s okay to have him kick back and mellow out, especially here in Hawaii.”
“Maybe she’s got a point, Mom. Look at me. You thought I’d never find love, and now I’ve got Chris. Or do you want me to follow Charlie’s lead and dump the clever broad for some dumb bimbo?”
“I beg your pardon!” I made a face to indicate my umbrage.
“Oh, I don’t mean that, Chris. I’m just making a point. My mother refuses to let Charlie grow as a character. He’s forever screwing up his relationships, even as he solves his cases brilliantly. Why can’t he figure out how to make a woman happy? Maybe this is a good time to let him delve into a good woman’s heart and earn her undying love, even while he awkwardly struggles with the concept. Make him more human.”
“You’re both ganging up on me?”
I shook my head. “No, I’m not. I’m defending Tessa. Been there, done that, got the tee shirt. I never thought I’d ever find someone like Jeff, but now that I have, I can’t imagine loving any other man half as much.”
“Oh, babe.” He gave me a big grin. “That’s why I love you. You’re so sweet.”
Liz looked us over, one at a time. As those soft brown eyes lingered on my face, her expression changed. “You might have a point, Chris. When I first met you, I thought you were just a timid little bird, petrified of everything. But last night, when you jumped out of the car and went to rescue Rhona, I knew you had real guts. And climbing out of that barrel that Quillane locked you in was sheer brilliance.”
“Thanks. So you’ll consider letting Tessa and Charlie work it out?”
“Yes, but not in this book. I have a better idea.”
“You do?” Jeff sounded suspicious. “What does it entail?”
“We’ll pull a J. K. Rowling and do this book under a pseudonym. You can write as the creep and I’ll write as the retired cop who moves to the islands to get away from crime, love, and politics, only to find himself stuck in the middle of it all.”
“Is that a concession speech I hear?” Jeff grinned, raising his eyebrows as he teased his mother. “I guess I can agree to that, if you’ll let my villain thwart your hero at every turn. I’m not going to make it easy for him to save the day. He’s going to have to earn his triumph.”
“I wouldn’t have it any other way,” she laughed, patting her son on the back. “But I do have one more stipulation. We have to change Chris’s suggestion of a title.”
“To what?”
“I was thinking it should be called The ‘He Said, She Said’ Murder. We’ll have our characters fight it out to the finish.”
“Done,” agreed Jefferson Cornwall. “Now, about our pseudonym, I’ll pick the first name name and you can pick the last. After all, in alphabetical terms, Jefferson comes....”
“Age before beauty,” she countered matter-of-factly.
“Or you could just flip that coin,” I reminded them. I could see we had an interesting few months ahead of us. I just hoped I survived the creative process. Writing can be murder.

Author Info --

Contact the author: sarabartonmysteries@gmail.com
Author’s blog: http://sarabartonmysteries.blogspot.com

Review me:
Goodreads: http://www.goodreads.com/sarambarton
Library Thing: http://www.librarything.com/author/bartonsara

Connect with me:
Twitter: @bartonmysteries
Facebook fan page: sarabartonmysteries

If you enjoyed the characters in this novella, why not read my full-length novel? Reluctant Witness tells the story of “Marigold Flowers” on the run from contract killers. You’ll find Lisbeth Causley’s romantic suspense novel, Vanilla Orchid Magic, and Jefferson Cornwall’s thriller, Dangerous Deception, entwined in the story of how Chrisanth Neeson met the love of her life, along with a wonderful cast of characters, some memorable villains, and a journey that will take you from the Catskills to Hawaii, with exotic and tropical stops along the way.

These novellas are free at most digital retailers:
Miz Scarlet and the Vanishing Visitor: A Scarlet Wilson Mystery #2
Miz Scarlet and the Holiday Houseguests: A Scarlet Wilson Mystery #3
Where’s Hansel and Gretel’s Gingerbread House?: A Gabby Grimm Fairy Tale Mystery #2
Henry Hartman’s Fall Guy Crisis: An Off-the-Books Mystery #3

Other books by Sara M. Barton:
Reluctant Witness: A Roaring Kill Mystery #1
Henry Hartman’s Holiday Crisis: An Off-the-Books Mystery #1
Henry Hartman's Boondoggle Crisis: An Off-the-Books Mystery #2
Henry Hartman’s Fall Guy Crisis: An Off-the-Books Mystery #3 (free at most digital retailers)
Miz Scarlet and the Imposing Imposter: A Scarlet Wilson Mystery #1
Miz Scarlet and the Vanishing Visitor: A Scarlet Wilson Mystery #2 (free at most digital retailers)
Miz Scarlet and the Holiday Houseguests: A Scarlet Wilson Mystery #3 (free at most digital retailers)
Snow White and the Hunter: A Gabby Grimm Fairy Tale Mystery #1
Where’s Hansel and Gretel’s Gingerbread House?: A Gabby Grimm Fairy Tale Mystery #2 (free at most digital retailers)
Little Red Riding Hood and the Secret Cookie Recipe: A Gabby Grimm Fairy Tale Mystery #3
Let Slip the Dogs of War: A Bard’s Bed & Breakfast Mystery #1
A Plague O’ Both Your Houses: A Bard’s Bed & Breakfast Mystery #2
