





Copyright 2014 Varun Vashist

Thank you for downloading this free eBook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy. Thank you for your support.

This is a work of fiction and Author's imagination. Any resemblance to any person or event or locales is purely coincidental









Table of Content

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Afterword
Other Books by the Author












Chapter 1

“Do you expect a federal inquiry in this?”  
“Is the whole rise of Cooper Industries based on lies?”
Jeremy tried to push the reporters and make way for Chris.
“Is this the tip of the iceberg? Is this the beginning of the end for Cooper Industries?” another reporter asked.
“No comment,” Chris said and looked at Jeremy.
“No more questions. Step aside,” Jeremy shouted.
They entered the car quickly and left as the press was trying to chase them. Chris was nearly in tears. Within a day, he had fallen from heaven to earth. 

Kiara Davenport kept looking at Special Agent in Charge Carlson, who had called her on the pretext of something important, but seemingly forgot about her presence.
“Shall I come later?” she asked while looking at her watch. It had been fifteen minutes since she came.
Carlson removed the papers he was reading and looked at her. “This will take a minute.”
Kiara nodded and tried to find out what he was reading. It had been a few months since she had been given any significant case and she hoped Carlson had something meatier for her this time. The papers that Carlson was reading looked like they were pulled out of a diary—uneven torn edges showing that it was done in haste. There was another Confidential file lying on the table near the computer. Kiara tilted her head and took a peek inside the folder. She could see the clips binding a bunch of papers.
Carlson removed the papers and looked straight at her. Kiara came back to her position at once and gave him a smile. Carlson ignored it.
 “Did you hear about that?” He pointed at the television that was set on mute and was running the coverage of Cooper Industries.
“I am not that much into business news, sir,” she said casually. “But, I had to watch the news in the last fifteen minutes. So … yes.”
Carlson shook his head. “That’s your problem, Kiara. You can achieve so much only if you could rein in your attitude.”
“I am trying,” she responded immediately without an iota of indignity.
Carlson shook his head again and heaved a sigh. “Anyway, Cooper Industries’ rise and fall have been equally phenomenal. They were nowhere in the picture five years ago and then suddenly had become a billion-dollar company within a year. Now their shares have tanked within a day to such level that has not happened to anyone in the last twenty-five years.”
“But apparently, there is no evidence of any wrongdoings—only the allegations,” Kiara said and pointed at the ticker running below the coverage. “And that too, only from one newspaper.”  
“That’s what the news says, but I feel … I mean the federal agencies feel there is something more than what meets the eye.” Carlson walked to the television.
“How so?” she asked, still trying to peek through the papers.
Carlson turned around. “Cooper Industries started as an electronic device manufacturer. Within a year, they captured twenty percent of the market. Everything was going fine when suddenly last year, they made a switch to chemicals: a move that nobody could understand till they won a billion-dollar government contract. Within three months.”
“Such a huge contract without any prior experience. That is indeed fishy,” Kiara responded.
“It does not end there. This year, the chemical business contributed sixty percent of their total revenue, when they did not even start the real work till six months back. The only thing they have done in those six months is ecologically destroying Lake Blue Leaf.”
“And the government has no issues with it?” Kiara inquired further.
“They played another card to save their asses,” Carlson replied and walked to the table. He opened the package and took the report out. 
“Restoration plan for Lake Blue Leaf,” Kiara read as Carlson handed it over to her.
“To diffuse the tension, they constituted a committee to propose the restoration of the lake and rehabilitation of the people living in the surrounding area. They were four steps ahead of everyone. They fabricated a report that exonerated them of doing anything wrong. Instead, the report says that the locals have been polluting the lake.” Carlson looked at her. “You know who heads that committee?”
“Who?” Kiara asked.
“Richard Johnson.” 
Kiara turned towards the television that displayed Richard’s picture continuously.
“But Richard’s paper is the one that is carrying the news about their wrongdoings,” she said with surprise. “So, he got the information while working with them and now he is blackmailing them with it.”
“Don’t jump to conclusions so fast,” Carlson warned. “No one knows what information he has. So far he has only said that he has something related to the way they started their business. Whether he has any proof or not, nobody knows.”
“Maybe some rivals are behind this.” 
“Maybe. We don’t know yet,” Carlson said, shaking his head. “There was news of Morgan … the head of Morgan Investments offering them ten billion for their business. But the Coopers had rejected the bid strongly even though it was fifty percent above their market value.”
Kiara nodded and picked up the report. “Who prepared this report?” she asked while shuffling the pages.
“This is what Richard’s team was working on and that’s where I would like you to look,” Carlson said and sat down.
Kiara looked at him and then at the report. Carlson understood her confusion.
“See, the government is mulling over a check on the financial irregularities by Cooper Industries. But before they do that, they want us to check them for human rights violations at the Blue Leaf lake area,” Carlson explained further, but it raised more questions in Kiara’s mind.
“Hmm … the government is delaying check on their finances as this will open a can of worms for them also, isn’t it?” she said thoughtfully, trying to understand the real intention behind all this activity.
Carlson nodded his head reluctantly. “That’s what I fear for you. You should do only what you are ordered to do. They want a solid ground to save their skin—that can be done if they have enough proof against the Coopers. And that’s what you need to bring from Blue Leaf.”
“So that they could blackmail Cooper Industries from keeping them out of the investigation,” she mused.
“Do what you are told to do. Don’t stray from your target,” he urged again, knowing beforehand that it was not going to make any impact on her.
As expected, Kiara smirked back. Her smile angered Carlson further.
“Don’t go beyond what you are ordered to do. Go to Blue Leaf and check for any irregularities. Collect as much data as possible and bring it back. It’s as simple as that,” he said firmly and looked into her eyes. “Is that understood?”
Kiara nodded. Carlson’s eyes were burning and he meant business. She did not want to lose the case by making fun of him. There were lots of thoughts coming to her mind that could put fuel to the fire, but she knew how to stop them. She made a fist and pressed her hands firmly, trying not to say anything.
As Carlson turned around, she took a deep breath.
“When do I start?” she asked as softly as she could.
Carlson looked at her. “You will report there tomorrow.”
Before Kiara could say anything, he opened the drawer and took out a badge.
“You are going as a student who has a project on studying the processes of the factory and their effect on the ecological balance of Kensington. Read the report that I have given you before you arrive there. It has everything that will help you slip into the role.” 
“But my face in this badge looks …” She was about to make some snide remark but stopped at the right moment.
Carlson looked at her and pleaded. “Please don’t do anything beyond your orders.”
She nodded. “I told you. I am working on it.”
He nodded back. “You will be reporting to Special Agent in Charge Ralph Harrison. He will assign a partner to you.”
Kiara always hated having a partner. She had certain unorthodox ways of working that never went well with most of them. The thought of another partner made her wince. However, that was not a choice that she could make.
“That would be all. Best of luck,” Carlson said and opened the door. He was too eager to get her off his back. Kiara on the other hand had no other option.
“Thank you, sir.” She nodded and headed out the door.
As she was about to turn towards her desk, she looked at the file. She checked all the papers, but found something amiss. She turned immediately and pushed the door of Carlson’s Office. 
“What now?” he asked in exasperation.
“Sir, there were some other pages in this report … from someone’s diary,” she said while screening through Carlson’s table.
“They are not for this case,” he replied tersely and went back to his work.
Kiara thought for a moment and looked at the table one more time. The pages that Carlson was reading were not there any longer. She knew something was definitely amiss, but there was no point arguing.
“Oh … all right,” she replied and left at once. Carlson looked at the door and shook his head. He knew giving a case to Kiara needed twice the energy: one part to handle the case and another to handle her.    

Kiara buried herself in a chair and removed her shoes. She just wanted to relax for a minute before she could make up her mind to leave New York once again. She clasped her hands behind her head and closed her eyes. In her eight years of service, she had been sent undercover five times. Every time, she was informed that she had to leave New York for a month. By now, she knew the time frame was just on paper or may be a ploy to make her take the assignment. In her first assignment, she had to get away for a whole year. Every time, she would leave all the cases that she was about to solve. Others will take the credit for her work and since she was undercover, she could not boast about the cases that she solved during that time. Only Carlson and his bosses knew about that. They would just appreciate it in closed rooms and then move on.
Since she was always on the move, she was not able to settle down in New York. She could not make friends or any other acquaintances. Her whole life revolved around the cases. This loneliness further added to her aggression.
The second thing that bothered her more was getting too involved in the cases. Initially, she had thought that with experience she will become indifferent to it. But it was easier said than done. She had to fake her identity, earn the trust of the locals, and then use that trust for her motive. One day, she would vanish out of their lives, leaving behind several hurt souls.
Anyhow, that was her life now. 
The only good thing was that she felt doing something important. Being in the field gave her a new thrill. She could be out of line and take decisions that her bosses won’t allow in normal circumstances and blame the situation for that. When someone is pointing a gun at you, you don’t call your boss for the next move, she would argue. 
She had developed several enemies within the organization because of that. Even Carlson was not fond of her attitude, but he knew she was one of his most competent agents. Though reluctantly, he had always given her the most important assignments.
The thought brought her back to the assignment at hand. She opened her eyes and shuffled through the report. There was nothing much, just some numbers and a few project plans. She could not understand why Carlson wanted her to read it. She closed it and put it back into the folder. While pushing it inside the folder, she chanced upon the names written on it.
Created by Sarah Edwards & Kevin Jones under the supervision of Mr. Richard Johnson and Mr. Thomas Wilson
Thomas’s name made her stop for a moment. Aren’t Richard and Thomas from rival publications? 
“This case is much deeper than I thought,” she murmured. “This is going to be fun.”
She looked at the folder one more time and then at her watch. If she had to leave tomorrow, she had to make a few arrangements. With that thought, she put the folder in her bag and started collecting stuff that she would need while she was gone.

Kiara entered her one-room apartment and looked around. “Well, we had a good run.”
Every time she was sent to a mission, she had to leave the apartment. She never knew when she would return and the department was unwilling to pay rent in her absence.
She put the packet of frozen dinners in the freezer and looked at the clock. It was half past seven. Her flight left at nine in the morning. After many days, she finally had some time to herself. She took a beer and jumped on the couch. She turned on the television, which was still running the news of Cooper Industries’ meltdown. The news brought some questions to her mind. She sighed. No me time for you, Kiara. She finished the beer and turned off the television.
She moved to her computer and started looking up Cooper Industries.
Cooper Industries was started by William Cooper and his son Chris Cooper. Chris was a child prodigy who invented the smallest integrated circuit chip that helped to start Cooper Industries. Within the first year of inception, the company made it to the Top Ten Companies to Look Out For list and within three years it captured fifty percent of the market, leaving behind the competition.
“Well, that is some growth,” Kiara muttered and clicked on the “Portfolio” tab and scrolled down.
Cooper Chemicals: Established 2012 and won a billion-dollar government project in the third quarter of the financial year. The first fully integrated chemical plant was set up in the outskirts of Kingston and has been operational since March 2013. It was awarded the Movers and Shakers award for 2013-2014.
She clicked on other tabs, but there was nothing significant to draw her attention. She closed the window and thought of checking out the website for the Washington Chronicle, Richard’s paper.
Tomorrow’s paper will carry the excerpts of the proof supporting the allegations made today. All those who are speculating that this was a move from us to defame Cooper Industries at the behest of their competitors will come to know the truth. --Richard Johnson.
“Richard does mean business,” she reckoned. 
She shuffled through other websites tracking the developments and every website had Richard’s comment on the front page. 

While Kiara was preparing for her assignment, Cooper Industries was burning under the heat of the scandal.
Richard’s threats were not baseless and were well planned too, as shown by the timing. The financial results had helped the stocks to soar, but the mere mention of the wrongdoings had made them fall by ten percent within a day. The entire media was abuzz with the news of Cooper Industries going bankrupt.
Chris was sitting in William’s office while William was on a call. Sweat drops glistened on his forehead and his face became paler as the call progressed. Chris was looking at him impatiently. After five minutes, the call got disconnected. William threw the phone on the couch and walked to Chris.
 “He’s not willing to take it back.” William hung his head down in defeat.
Chris looked at him with anger. “That bastard. What is he saying now?”
“He’s saying that we have made a huge mistake by ignoring his threats,” William said anxiously. “He’s going to publish written proof tomorrow.”
“He does not have anything on us,” Chris said, though not with much confidence.
“Well, he knew we would say that. He has sent a package to me to convince us of his threats,” William said as he gulped a full glass of water in one sip.
Chris looked a little worried for the first time. “What could it be?”
“I don’t have any idea. He has already hurt our business. Any proof against us, however small it may be, will bring us to our knees,” William said in a frail voice.
Suddenly Jeremy, William’s trusted man, stormed into the office. “Sir, Richard has sent this package.”
William took it with trembling hands. Chris and Jeremy looked at it with bated breath as William opened it layer by layer. As soon as he opened it completely, his face turned pale. He gave it to Chris and fell on the nearby chair.
Chris took out the papers from the package. “These … these are photocopies of my personal diary. How did they …?”Chris was quivering with fear. No words came out of his mouth.
“I always told you not to write down everything,” William said with frustration. “There are other ways of overcoming loneliness. We are finished now because of you.”
Chris could not say anything. He stood there motionless.
“What are we going to do now?” Jeremy asked while taking the pages from Chris.
“We don’t have much choice.” William looked at both of them. “If this gets published, no one will pay a dime for Cooper Industries. Either we make a deal with Morgan or go bankrupt.”
“We could make a deal with Richard,” Jeremy said while waiting for the nightmare to end.
“He won’t do it. I tried that already,” William said while staring at the opposite wall that had a huge painting of Cooper Industries’ logo. “Morgan has played his cards carefully.”
While William and Jeremy were discussing a way out, Chris stood there lifeless. After a moment, William noticed that.
“What happened to you?” William asked with a demeaning tone. “Why are you not saying anything now? You always have a solution for everything.” 
“It’s my fault,” Chris said with pain, “I told her about this.”
“What?” William said and looked at Jeremy, who was equally eager to know what Chris meant. Surprises did not end for them today.
“Yesterday, at the party, I told Sarah about our business secrets and … and the diary.” Chris’s voice cracked with pain.
William’s face turned red with anger. “Why would you do that? That backstabbing bitch. First you’re stupid enough to write a diary, and now you told it to the person I trusted the least.”
“No … no, it can’t be her. She can’t do this to me.” Chris was still in disbelief.
William punched at the table and stormed out of the room at once. Chris stood there as if life had been sucked out of him. Jeremy patted on his shoulder and followed William.





Chapter 2

Kingston was around fifty miles south of Portland, the nearest airport. It was around noon as Kiara came out of the flight. She looked around while pushing the trolley. The airport was full and had a buzz around it. Some people were reading the paper, some were walking around, while some of the passengers were sipping coffee as they discussed last night’s game, politics, or the hot topic: Cooper Industries’ meltdown. Quite understandably, as Portland was the regional headquarters for Cooper Industries and the nearest to their cash cow: the Kingston chemical plant.
She came out and looked around for someone. Carlson had messaged her about somebody named Paul who was supposed to drive her to Kingston and make arrangements for her stay. She looked at everyone carefully, trying to find out what a Paul might look like. There were several placards hoisted among the crowd. She was sure that her name was unique enough to spot.
And there it was, though misspelt as Kaira. She groaned and walked in its direction while checking her bag for the badge that Carlson had given her. As she came closer, she was able to spot Paul among the crowd. He was a kid, barely out of his teens. He was around five and a half feet, barely able to hold his head out of the crowd.
“Hey …” Kiara said while pointing at him.
He nodded and ran towards her. 
“I’m Paul. I am so very glad to meet you,” he said ecstatically. Kiara was taken aback by his friendliness. Even her own family had never been so happy about seeing her.
He took her bags and started walking in front of her. He was short and weak, making him look even younger. He was wearing a sweatshirt that was torn at the elbow. His ruffled hair looked as if they were kept in sand for days. Even the wind that forced Kiara to make a hair bun failed to move a single strand of his hair. 
Paul guided her to his minivan. She took the rear seat while he put the bags behind. 
“It will take an hour to reach Kingston. I have made arrangements for your stay, miss,” he said while starting the ignition. She nodded and started looking around. 
In a few minutes, they had entered the main city. Kiara looked at the skyline wondering when next she would be able to see it again. The last mission had taken her away from the city for a whole six months. Hopefully, this will get closed faster.
Just go there. Get the information and come back. It’s that simple. Don’t stray. Carlson’s words reverberated in her head. She gave a wry smile, knowing beforehand that she was definitely going to stray.
The van passed another building. However, there was some difference. Hordes of vans from various news channels were parked outside the gate. As they crossed the second gate and she was able to get a glimpse of the compound, she was able to see media people buzzing around. She looked at the top of the tower: Cooper Industries.
This brought her back to the mission.
“So, you must be happy they are going bankrupt?” she asked Paul while still looking at the building.
Suddenly, Paul’s demeanor changed. “No one can do anything to these bastards. They only change hands. The filthy brains remain the same.”
Kiara did not understand the sudden outburst. She had thought that Richard would have published the proof by now and taken the Coopers to the task, but Paul’s words meant something else.
She took her phone out and opened the news site immediately.  
In an unprecedented move, Washington Chronicle’s Editor-in-chief Richard Johnson has taken his statements back and has apologized to Cooper Industries. Speculations are rife that Cooper Industries are in advanced talks with Morgan Investments for a takeover. The deal is being estimated at ten billion dollars.
“So, Morgan is actually behind all this. Richard’s threats were not baseless.” She smirked as she scrolled down.
“Did you say something?” Paul asked from the front.
“Nothing,” Kiara replied and locked the phone screen.
The new development had confused her about her mission—whether it was still on. This was not the right place to call Carlson though. She thought of reaching Kingston first. The thought of going back so soon made her so happy that she almost chuckled, drawing Paul’s attention. She controlled her emotions somehow and gestured him to concentrate on driving.

They must have come about ten miles from the airport when she saw the sign for Kingston. As they turned left, Kiara felt as if they were hundreds of miles away from the buzz of the city. The whole stretch had lush green fields and nothing else. The fields stretched as far as she could see making it look as if they were meeting the horizon. She opened the window a little. Fresh air hit her face, making her forget everything. She closed her eyes for a moment. Paul’s chuckle brought her back to her senses.
“How much time will it take from here?” she inquired while closing the window.
“Half an hour,” he replied while looking at her from the rearview mirror. 
Kiara nodded and pulled the report out of her bag. 
Kingston is a small town with a population of fifty thousand. Agriculture is the main profession. In March 2010, the Special Economic Zone was developed in Kingston and corporations were invited to invest in it. Owing to the vast land spaces available and the natural water resources, including Lake Blue Leaf, the major sector that was promoted by the government was the chemical industry. To preserve the local ecological balance, a special certification was created and only the organizations that fulfilled the criteria were shortlisted. After six months of evaluations of the business plans submitted by the shortlisted corporations, Cooper Industries was awarded the contract.
“Kingston’s boundary starts here,” Paul said with pride bringing Kiara back from her thoughts. 
Kiara looked out the window. A signboard with the words “Welcome to Kingston” stared back at her. It was painted red with a cow and a horse carved out at the corners. She looked at it with bemusement, but not for long. In a minute, she found out why the animals were imprinted on the signboard. There were hordes of them roaming on either side of the road. The fields were as vast as she had seen earlier, however, there were people working on them. Every now and then she could see a couple waving at Paul, who responded back with equal zest. 
After five minutes or so, they took a right turn from where she was able to see the lake. It certainly looked like a large leaf. However—as she had expected—the color of water was no longer blue.
As they drove on, she was able to see the factory with thick, white smoke coming out of the chimneys. The factory covered the entire view.
 “So that’s the factory?” she asked Paul, who looked at it for a moment and then at her through the rearview mirror.
“They have turned the lake from blue to black.” He smirked and pointed at the pipes coming out of the factory. A black, frothy fluid was flowing from the pipes into a large tank.
“But they store it in a tank after the treatment, right?” she asked while trying to decipher what Paul meant.
“It seeps through the ground and pollutes the lake water,” Paul said with a tinge of anger. “We drink the same water. You be careful. It will take time for you to adjust.” 
“There goes the certification,” Kiara murmured, and clutched her water bottle.
“What?” 
“Nothing. What does this factory produce?” She knew she should have read the report beforehand, but Paul did not seem to judge her knowledge.
“Insecticides and pesticides,” he replied at once. “They run the factory above the capacity, but the chemical waste treatment plant doesn’t have that much capacity. So, they dump it without treatment.”
“How do you know so much?” she asked with surprise.
“People from town work in the factory,” he said with sadness. “The factory has divided the town. We were like brothers. But now, we squabble over whether the factory should remain in Kingston or not.”
“They want to keep working there and you want it to shut down?” she asked softly.
He nodded. “The news made us feel that there was a chance of shutdown. But now …”
He punched his hand on the steering wheel. Kiara had understood by now that Paul was quite sentimental about the factory issue. She thought of dropping the discussion.
“So, how far is the town?” she tried to change the topic.
“There it is.” Paul pointed with a gleam in his eyes.
Kiara looked in the direction he was pointing. She could see the colorful houses all around. All houses looked more or less alike with some of them still unfinished. 
As they drove further, the road bifurcated. They took the right one that had flowers lined up on both the sides. As they crossed, people recognized Paul and started to wave. Kiara looked with astonishment that was further increased as the kids started chasing the van. Paul reduced the speed, letting them run parallel to the van. 
There were small shops lined together. People were standing outside most of the shops, chatting.
“The shops are more of a place to pass the time. There isn’t much to do around,” Paul said while still waving.
Kiara nodded her head, bemused by the simplicity of the life.
In a minute or so, they took a small muddy road that ended in front of a house. It was a small house with one extended room on the patio.
“It’s small, but that’s the only place in the town,” Paul said with pride.
“What? That’s someone’s house?” Kiara could not believe her luck.
“There are no hotels around here, only the guesthouse in the factory. But they won’t let you stay there,” he reasoned. “This is a small house, but you can call me for anything you need.”
“You?” Kiara was further surprised.
 “Yes, that’s my house. I live with my mother and sister,” Paul said while getting down.
Kiara did not know what to say. Maybe she had to talk to Carlson about it. There was no point discussing it further with Paul.
 She got out and stretched her arms.
Paul took her bags and started walking in front. A small gravel walkway led to the house from the point where the mud road ended.
“Your university had sent the letter to the community college that sent it to me in turn,” he said while struggling to hold the bags. “I thought you knew beforehand.”
Kiara was a bit angry but kept her calm. She just nodded and kept walking. Carlson should have told her, but he was too eager to get rid of her. Anyway, from the look of it, her mission was about to be terminated. She could spend a night, she thought.
Flower boxes adorned the entrance of the house. Orange, red, and yellow colors mixed together gave a cheerful appearance. She touched one of the daisies while Paul went inside to bring the key to her room.
Kiara looked at the house. It was a small house and looked quite old. Plaster from the walls was peeling off, screaming for a new coat. However, it was properly maintained. There was not a speck of dust or mud on the floor. There was a small old couch lying in the wooden portico, with neat and crisp cushion covers. The flowers on the sides of the gravel walkway were well pruned with all the grass weeded out. Making the most of whatever is available, she thought.
Her part of the house was around ten feet from the main house. It looked much better than the main house from outside. The wooden door looked new and polished. Even the walls had a fresh coat of paint. However, it did not look like it was done by a professional but by the homeowners themselves. Maybe Paul had done it, she thought.
Suddenly, there was the sound of keychain dangling.
Kiara turned around. Paul was carrying the keys while an old woman with a weathered face and a weak frame followed him. 
“That … that’s my mother,” he said while opening the room.
“Hello.” Kiara forced a smile. She was always uncomfortable striking a conversation with unknown people. The old woman did not say anything either, adding to her discomfort. She kept looking at Kiara from head to toe. Kiara moved her fingers through her hair, trying to see if there was something wrong with it, but the old woman kept staring. She adjusted her jeans and T-shirt but to no avail. Finally, she chose to ignore her and followed Paul into the room. 
The room looked bigger than what she had anticipated from outside. It was as clean as the portico. It was divided by a wooden wall to give the appearance of an apartment. The makeshift living room had two chairs and a table. In the corner was an old television. She was not sure if it worked or was there only for decoration. Well, only if it could play the news, she wished. There was a curtain dividing the living room into two. As she crossed it, she almost bumped into another chair and table facing the kitchen. Though there were two chairs, the kitchen was for one person only. Anyhow, she was not going to entertain anyone, she thought. 
Paul walked her to the adjoining bedroom. It had a twin bed with a crisp bed sheet with floral patterns and a homemade quilt. The bed was enough to fill the entire room, but somehow they had pushed a small chest on one of the corners. How she is expected to open it, she wondered. The bedroom had an attached bathroom with a shower and a small sink. 
“How would you like to pay?” Paul brought her back from the thoughts.
“What?” she asked at once. 
Paul took a moment. “Either you pay thirty dollars daily or seven fifty dollars monthly. I will take two hundred as advance if you want a monthly package.”
Kiara looked at him with disbelief. She had thought that Carlson would have at least taken care of this. Paul kept looking at her until she realized he was waiting for an answer. She searched her bag and paid thirty dollars to him. Anyhow, she was going to leave in a day or two.
“Would you like to cook yourself?” he asked further.
Kiara could handle the toughest of criminals, but not the groceries. And there was no chance she was going to dabble in learning that now.
“I don’t cook,” she replied tersely while looking around the room.
“I will arrange for the food, but the charges will be separate,” he said while making some calculations. “I will take the money at the end of the month along with the charges for today’s ride.”
Kiara nodded.
“Anything else?” Paul asked.
“No.” 
Paul left at once. Kiara closed the door and sat down on the chair lying near the window. She opened the window and kept looking till Paul went inside the house. Once assured, she closed the window and called Carlson.
“So you’re already on the ground,” Carlson said in his inimitable style. He was happy that Kiara was not his problem anymore—at least not for the time being.
Kiara heaved a sigh. “Sir, what are my further orders?”
“What? I had already explained the mission to you.” 
“But now, the dynamics have changed.” 
“How so?” he asked with disbelief.
“I read that Richard has taken back his accusation and Morgan may take over Cooper Industries,” she tried to explain whatever she understood from the news. “The stocks have also stabilized, I guess. I don’t think the government needs anything against the Coopers now.”
“See, Kiara. All of this is speculation. Besides, Morgan wants the goodwill of Cooper Industries and not the bad name that they might have made around Portland. You should not forget that he is equally influential. We have to be prepared from our end. Once the deal is signed … assuming there are actually discussions happening, the Coopers would like to make a clean getaway. That’s when your report will come handy—in case they try to act smart.”
“The only thing I understood is that I need to do what I was ordered to do and there is no chance of me returning tomorrow,” she said ruefully.
“Yes … anything else?”
“Do I have to pay the rent from my pocket?” she asked while looking at the house.
“You have left your current apartment. And, rent there must be much lesser than New York. So what’s the issue?” he reasoned.
“I am paying the warehouse for keeping my stuff in New York. At least you can get the department to pay for that,” Kiara tried to get something out of Carlson.
“I have been to your apartment. You don’t have much stuff. They must be charging you the minimum.” He was not one to give up so easily.
“Still …” Kiara did not budge either.
“OK. I will see what I can do,” Carlson gave a diplomatic answer.
There was a momentary silence.
“OK then. I need to get into a meeting. Keep updating me,” Carlson said before disconnecting.
Kiara threw the phone on the other chair and grabbed her water bottle. It was not that she hated the work. It was the excitement of unearthing something related to the meltdown of Cooper Industries that she was looking forward to. However, with the stocks stabilized, the meltdown was gone too. All she was supposed to do was steal some documents, get something out of the locals, and file it. It was not as much fun as chasing some goon and breaking some bones; it was more of an academic exercise for her. She took a deep breath and gulped some of the water, trying to calm down.

After handling Carlson—or failing to handle him—it was time for her new boss: Ralph Harrison. She hoped him to be a much nicer guy—she almost chuckled at that thought. Even if someone nice was there, he would lose that entire niceness once he understood her ways of disobeying every order. She scrolled through her messages till she found his number under a message sent by Carlson.
The phone rang, but no one picked it up. She was about to disconnect when it was answered.
“Harrison,” a gruff voice came from the other end. That doesn’t sound nice, she thought.
“Sir, this is Kiara Davenport … I mean Agent Davenport checking in.” She tried to sound as nice as possible.
“From Carlson’s office? Great, you’re already here. We need to meet in person. Need to speak to you before you start. Meet me today after you have settled down,” he said firmly with a hint of a smile.
“Sure, sir, I will be there. Will need the directions, though,” she asked.
“Yeah.” Ralph thought for a moment. “Did you see the lake while coming today?”
“Yes, sir.” 
 “You must have gone right from there. You need to come straight on that road, around a mile or so. There is a checkpoint at the factory entrance. Our office is inside that.”
“Inside the checkpoint?” she murmured.
“What?”
“Nothing, sir,” she said immediately. “What time would you like to meet me?”
“Around six in the evening,” he said while doing some calculation. “Yeah, we can meet at six.”
“How do I go there?” she asked further.
“You jog, right?” Harrison said tersely.
“But it must be three miles from here,” she murmured again.
“What?” Carlson roared again. “You need to be clear.”
“I will be there, sir.” There was no point making an excuse. Three miles was not much for her, but it was not great to meet your boss for the first time with sweat dripping out of your face.
Suddenly, there was knocking at the door.
“Sir, someone is at the door. Is there anything else?” she asked while walking towards the door.
“No, that will be it for now. We will talk in the evening.”
She disconnected and opened the door to see Paul holding a tray.
“Your lunch,” he said while getting inside.
As Kiara was closing the door, she saw the old lady staring at her from the window of her house. She looked at the woman for a moment and then closed the door.
“Your mother doesn’t like me much,” she said with a smile.
Paul looked at her while setting up the table. “She hates anyone associated with the factory.”
“But I don’t work for them. In fact, my report will tell the actual story of human rights and environmental law violation in Kingston,” she said immediately before realizing that Paul may not have understood.
Paul looked at her with confusion before getting an essence of what she was saying. “I know that, but for her, anyone associated with them is a bad person.”
“Well, you need to clear that to her then,” she urged.
Suddenly, Paul’s face turned red. He looked at her and barged out at once. Kiara did not understand what triggered that reaction. She thought about what she had said, but still could not find anything wrong with it. After a moment of contemplation she thought of letting it go and looked at the food. It had been months since she had anything homemade to eat. The food looked as good as the well-maintained household. Whatever Kiara may feel about her, this lady has a talent for keeping her house neat and cooking a nice meal, she thought and started devouring the meal.

Kiara looked at her watch while placing the tray in the sink. She still had a couple of hours before meeting Harrison. She had to be prepared to face him. Any slip, and the first impression was gone. She thought of going through the report, something that she had avoided for the whole day.
She shuffled through the pages that had some numbers till she reached the part about Cooper Industries’ plan for restoring Lake Blue Leaf.
Corporate social responsibility has been the mainstay of Cooper Industries since its inception. Cooper Industries believes in clean and green chemical plants. We have followed all the environmental norms and have obtained all the necessary certifications. Since its commencement, Cooper Chemicals has provided jobs to over two thousand personnel from Kingston, in turn providing better living to 2,000 households encompassing 6,500 family members. 
To further its vision of providing an ecological balance, Cooper Industries propose spending five percent of its profit from Cooper Chemicals in various activities over the next eighteen months that will make it a better place to work and Kingston a better place to live.
First, you destroy everything and then you pretend to restore it. Kiara smirked, but thought about it again in a moment. Kiara, don’t get judgmental. Every story has two sides. First see what the actual situation is.
With that, she got up and thought of taking a shower. It was an unusual time for one, but it was the place where she used to get most of her important thoughts. 
As soon as the first drops of water hit her face, her brain started running.
What did Richard have that was so secretive that it made the Coopers agree to Morgan’s demands?
She closed her eyes and started thinking through the whole situation once again. Suddenly, she remembered something. Carlson had said something about them being four steps ahead of others. Before the government could catch them flouting the norms, they constituted the team for the restoration of Lake Blue Leaf. But that means they are admitting themselves that the lake needs restoration. Somehow, it doesn’t add up.
She came out more confused. However, at least she had something to begin with. The only thing needed was a bit of research and a partner that won’t interfere. But before the partner, she had to handle Harrison. She looked at her watch and started getting ready.

She came out of the room at around five wearing her sweatpants and I Love New York T-shirt. As she was about to plug her headphones, Paul came out.
“You going somewhere?” he asked while looking at her attire.
“Just for a jog,” she replied and kept walking towards the road. “I heard it gets a bit chilly after seven here.”
Paul nodded, wondering why she wanted to jog at that hour of the day.

It took her ten minutes to negotiate the mud and enter the main road. The sun was still up, but the place looked deserted. As she walked across the main street, she noticed people standing outside a cafe. They looked at her and tried to figure out who she was. She noticed that and covered her face under the hood. Suddenly, they all stopped looking at her. Maybe someone had noticed her earlier with Paul. It was good relief for her, though. 
A little farther, she noticed that some of the shops were half closed. Clearly, business was not the intention behind the shops, as told by Paul. She increased her headphones’ volume and crossed the market. After ten minutes or so, she reached the point of bifurcation.
She looked at the watch. It was already half past five. There was much ground to be covered. She started to pace up and within seconds, she was jogging. She could not believe how Harrison had actually made her jog. 
She ran for a mile before reaching the point from where the lake was visible. She crossed the road and started walking along the lake. There was a stench in the air that made her cover her face. She looked at the sky. The wind was blowing in her direction, bringing along with it the smoke and smell from the factory chimneys. 
She looked at the factory. It looked much bigger than when she had seen it earlier. From the distance she could see hundreds of men walking across the factory area, all their faces covered with masks. It was already getting difficult to breathe and looking at the masked men made her start running again. It had been some time since she had run so much. By the time she crossed the lake, she was panting heavily. She thought of stopping for some time, but her watch told that she did not have much time with her. She took a sip from her water bottle and started walking as fast as possible.
In another fifteen minutes, she was able to see the checkpoint. She was sweating heavily by now. She poured some water and splashed it on her face. After a minute of catching her breath and arranging her clothes, she headed for her destination.


Chapter 3

The checkpoint was at the entrance of the factory. This further added to her confusion. She looked at the entire arrangement for a moment and then walked towards the gate. As she reached the checkpoint, she was stopped by a guard. He looked at her from top to bottom.
“What do you want?” he asked in a grumpy voice.
“I’m here to see Ralph Harrison.” 
Again, he scanned her from top to bottom. Kiara adjusted her T-shirt. She was getting uncomfortable with all the examination. If allowed, she could have broken his jaw into half. She pressed her fist firmly, trying to control herself.
“I will need to see your papers,” he probed further.
Kiara gave him the letter from the university and showed the fake badge. He did not even check it properly and gestured the other guard to open the gate.
“Go straight and then left.” He pointed at an office at some distance.
She nodded and started walking. As she approached him, she sensed he was again checking her. She turned around and gave him an annoyed look. He looked down sheepishly.
“You are lucky, bastard. I am under orders,” she murmured. 
The road led to Cooper Chemicals. She could see the main gate with a huge signage. The road was in a much better condition as compared to the one she had followed. There was a canopy of trees on either side of the road. With natural light fading, the streetlights had started to glow. She could see the lights in a line as far as her sight went. 
The office was at a small distance before the main gate, as if it was specially created for the factory. She wondered how the town folks came inside to register their complaints. 
She was about to push the door when it was pushed from the other end, barely missing her nose. She stepped back immediately.
“Watch out,” she yelled while covering her face. “It’s supposed to be pulled from inside.”
“I am sorry,” a smirk-filled voice came from the other side.
She looked at him. It was a police officer. He looked the same age as hers, but had more attitude than she had seen anywhere. He moved his fingers across his thick black hair and kept looking at her. She looked back at him, her eyes burning with anger.
“Kiara?” he asked calmly while looking at her clothes.
It angered her further, but it was not the right time to show her emotions. She just nodded.
“Follow me,” he said and turned around. He pulled the door and this time he finally hit Kiara, although gently on purpose. Kiara felt as if she was going to be thrown out of the assignment within a day. Oblivious to this, he kept walking till he noticed she was still at the door.
He stopped and kept looking at her till she reached him.
“What’s your problem?” she finally asked.
“He’s waiting for you.” He pointed towards the office where a middle-aged bald man was staring at a computer screen.
As she looked away from the office, he was gone. She looked around to find out where he had gone. He had settled at his desk. She grunted and walked towards the office. There were three more desks in the hall. One of the officers did not bother to notice her. A second one looked at her and gave a passing smile before burying himself in the files.
She knocked on the glass door. Harrison removed his glasses and looked at her. Looking at her attire, he knew who she was. He gestured her to get inside.
“Good evening, sir.” She tried to make a good first impression with a welcoming smile.
“How was your day?” he asked and got up. Not only was his voice commanding, his physique was also imposing. He was six and a half feet and well built.  
“It … it was good,” she said while he shook her hand.
“I believe you are supposed to get insider information about the factory?” 
“My focus will be the environmental and human rights violation, sir,” she said promptly as if rehearsed.
“You understand that you are talking about going against the same person whose land we are using for our office.”
“I do, sir, and I am wondering why the office is located here,” she asked the question that was bothering her for quite some time.
“There are people in town who don’t like the factory to be here. This is a sensitive zone. Mr. Cooper was kind enough to offer us the office. Post our coming here, there has been a huge reduction in the number of cases.”
“And what about the other cases?” she inquired. “If there are cases from outside the factory premises.”
“Anyone can come inside provided they can prove their identity.” The calmness on his face showed as if it was a normal thing. “Besides, there is rarely any case from the locals. If any cases are there, they are against them.”
“What kind of cases?”
“Nothing much. The town folks believe the factory has ruined the ecological balance. So sometimes, there are clashes with the ones supporting the factory.”
“The ones working in the factory?” Kiara’s volley of questions was not stopping.
“You can say that. But actually, the factory follows all the norms and has all the certifications. People supporting it have a reason to do that. People against them have no legal ground whatsoever,” Harrison said thoughtfully, though Kiara was not convinced.
“What about the factual grounds?” Kiara asked firmly.
Harrison looked at her with suspicion. “You’ve been talking to these nutjobs, haven’t you? What did they tell you? The lake is ruined, the land has become infertile? That’s all bullshit. There are no facts supporting that.”
Kiara was taken aback by Harrison’s sudden outburst—as if she had touched some nerve. She made a mental note of it: Never argue with him on what he believes in.
“I have received a note about you from Carlson. You have the habit of going against the orders. But let me remind you: This is my territory. Don’t try to cross the line. I have spent two years trying to bring harmony to Kingston. Don’t try to disrupt it.”
“I understand, sir. I won’t share any data outside,” Kiara tried to diffuse the situation.
“About that.” Harrison looked into her eyes. “You can’t go inside without my permission and without your partner.”
With that, he dialed a number. Kiara knew the moment that she always hated had come. 
She was still in thought when the door opened. It was the same agent who had received her outside the office. Kiara cursed her luck.
He stood behind her clasping his hands behind his back.
“This is Jake Carter, your partner for the assignment,” Harrison said, making Kiara wince. Of all the people, only he was left, she thought. However, right now there was a bigger problem sitting opposite her: one who was trying to clip her wings. She did not say anything, just nodded.
“Jake goes patrolling twice a week. Whenever he’s going inside, he will call you,” Harrison said. “Don’t try to get inside without my permission and whatever data you are collecting needs to be checked by me.”
“But, sir … I will need to spend more time inside. Otherwise, I will not be able to gather much information,” she argued. She heard a chuckle from behind, but thought of ignoring it for the moment.
“I told you. There is no information to be collected. There is nothing wrong inside. In fact, I am worried that someone notices you—it may cause a furor. Already, people from the human rights office are behind our back.” Harrison was not ready to budge, but neither was Kiara.
“What if they see your officer accompanying me? Won’t they suspect there’s something between me and your office?”
“They all know that we don’t let anyone go inside without someone from our office escorting them. In fact, if someone asks you about today’s visit, you need not worry. It’s a standard practice to screen any newcomer in the town.”
Kiara knew that she was fighting a lost battle. Harrison looked like a Cooper Industries agent.
“Anything else, sir,” she said while getting up.
Harrison’s demeanor changed a bit. “Listen, I don’t want to be hard on you. But the balance here is fragile. Try not to do anything that could disrupt it. Am I clear?”
She just nodded and turned around, almost hitting Jake, who did not get aside even after that. She made her way to the door, avoiding any confrontation. Harrison looked at Jake and gestured him to follow her.
“Wait,” Jake called as she was about to get outside the office. She turned around and gave him a What now? look, though he did not bother about that.
“We need to set some ground rules here,” he said bluntly.
“What ground rules?” Kiara asked, still with the same look on her face.
“You will not do anything without my knowledge. I will take you wherever I feel you should go,” he said while looking around.
“So basically, I can’t do the work I have been assigned. I will just do whatever Harrison wants and finally I will leave with a bogus report … that presumably will contain things clearing Cooper Industries of any wrongdoings,” Kiara said with a firm voice making others stare at her.
Jake shook his head. “Come with me.”
Kiara could not understand, but when he walked towards the main door, she followed him. Anyway, she had to go in that direction.

“What is your problem?” he asked in a stern voice as she stepped out.
“I don’t have a problem. The problem is with all of you, suppressing and hiding things,” Kiara retorted.
Jake took a deep breath. “Everyone has an agenda and this place is no different. Harrison is the in-charge. Why would he not want to check your report? There have been lots of mishaps in the town since the factory came up. You’re from a big city, a more organized place. This town … it has all kinds of people. You can’t trust anyone. Whatever you want to do or have been told to do will ruffle lots of feathers right up to the top level. Even your people will abandon you if you go against the authorities. All I am saying is that choose your moves with caution.”
Kiara looked at him, trying to decipher whether he was helping her or warning her.
“What’s your agenda?” she asked the pertinent question.
“You will know with time,” he said and looked around. “Don’t be surprised if they already know that you are undercover. Take my number; it may come handy.”
With that, he passed a slip to her and left immediately.
“Wait. Who are they?” 
“You will know,” he said and continued walking.
Kiara stood there listless, trying to understand what he was referring to. She looked at the slip once. “Well, what a nice welcome,” she murmured and started walking towards the gate.
As the guard opened the gate, he again leered at her. Kiara did not say anything, but as she was about to get out, she deliberately stepped on his feet making him scream with pain.
“You are cruel,” he shrieked.
Kiara did not turn around, just waved over her shoulder. The day had not gone that well for her and anyone who was going to come in her way was going to have the same treatment.

Jake’s words hammered in her head as she walked towards the lake. What did he mean when he said everyone has an agenda? Was something going on in the town that needed to be investigated? But he told her to refrain from going deep. And why does an agent go patrolling inside a factory as if it was a military zone?
Anyhow, one thing was sure: that Harrison had some ties with the Coopers, so he can’t be trusted. Also, she needed to gather some more information about Cooper Industries before going after them. This mission was not going to be as simple as she had hoped it to be.
As she passed by the lake, she noticed something different. The smoke from the factory looked much thicker than what she had seen during the day. The dark sky made the gray smoke look even more prominent. She remembered Paul’s words about how they run the factory above the plant capacity in the night. Though she was not certain, the sludge coming out of the pipes looked much more in quantity than in the daytime.
As she walked further, the smell became almost unbearable. She walked as fast as she could till she reached the main street. The effect of the smoke was much reduced after she took the turn. She looked around as she crossed the market. The whole street was empty. She looked at her watch. It was merely half past seven. A little farther, she could see people closing down the remaining shops. As she walked past them, they stopped for a moment, trying to recognize her under the streetlights. She was not sure, but she certainly saw a couple of older men shaking their head as if she had disappointed them. She thought it to be her imagination and continued walking.

Kiara tried, but her left foot was caught inside one of the potholes, covering it fully with mud. She grunted in angst as if she did not have enough problems to deal with already. She limped and reached the house and looked at it under the light. Her shoe was not visible under the layer of mud. She looked at the doormat and tried to wipe some of it. She put her hand on the door handle for support, but felt as if the door was open. She gave it a gentle nudge making it open with a creak.
She looked around. No one was in the vicinity. She opened her shoes gently and threw them aside. She slipped inside without making any sound. Once inside, she pulled her .38 out from under her T-shirt. Though it was dark, there was some light from the patio filtering through the tiny opening of the window. She looked around, but no one was there. She took cover under the couch and waited for a few more moments—still nothing. Slowly, she crawled through the floor towards the bedroom. Once near the door, she got up and waited for a few seconds. Once assured, she entered quietly and immediately scanned all the corners. 
Finally, she switched on the lights and checked the entire house again, but could not find any traces of anyone who might have visited. She screened the living room and the kitchen, but everything was as she had left. 
Suddenly, something struck her. She ran towards the bedroom and checked her bag. It was open and her clothes were lying beside the chest. She collected everything and checked twice, but nothing was missing. She sat on the bed, trying to decipher what they were trying to find. She remembered Jake’s words about everyone knowing that what she was doing in Kingston. Maybe they’re here to find my true identity, she thought. 
She was in her thoughts when she heard a knock. Paul had brought food for her.
“There was a break-in,” she said immediately, startling him a bit. However, he calmed down immediately.
“What?” he said, though Kiara was not able to see the words matching his expression.
“Do you know them?” she probed further.
“No … no I don’t.” Paul’s face turned red. He kept the tray on the table and left at once. Kiara’s guess was right. Paul knew something. There were no signs of forced entry and it looked like whosoever had come here was guided to her bags. There were no signs of any other thing being touched in the entire house. 
She looked around one more time, but there were no clues left. She had to keep an eye on Paul, she thought.

She sat on the chair contemplating the whole day. Everyone she had met was carrying some secret. There was something big going on inside the factory. Paul too had links with them. Harrison was trying to protect the Coopers. He also probably had connections with the same people behind everything. Even Jake could not to be trusted; he was going to share everything with Harrison. Finally, the Coopers. They were playing another game altogether.
The more she thought, the more she became sure of deeper secrets of Cooper Industries. But why someone wanted to check her credentials for that surprised her. She was glad that she had carried the gun and badge with her. It was too early for her identity to be revealed. Well, it was always early.

She had dinner, but the whole time she kept thinking about Paul and his mother. There was something they both knew. She had to plan how to get it out of them. It would help if she took it slow for the first week or so to understand a bit about the town and Cooper Industries. The thought of Cooper Industries reminded her of something. She threw the tray into the sink and ran towards the bedroom.
She opened the chest at once. She was confused further looking at the report. She had thought that maybe they checked the report she was carrying. This would have helped her to cement her identity as a student and would make her life a bit easier, but the report was where she had left it.
She took it out and looked at it. As she held it in her hand, she heard something falling out of it. Some photocopies fell out of it that were not there in the report earlier. She picked them up and looked at them. Her heartbeat increased once she recognized them. They were the pages of someone’s personal diary, maybe the one that Carlson was reading. 
She raced towards the living room and opened the report to check if anything else was in it. She shuffled through the pages twice, but could not find anything. She kept the report aside and glanced through the diary pages. The pages were not in sequence as shown by the dates, but all of them were from 2013, January onwards. She shuffled through them one more time and arranged them in sequence. Again, the pages skipped several dates, sometimes even weeks. It was as if someone had gone through the whole diary and picked the exact pages that Kiara needed to read.
Anyhow, she could think about all of this once she was done with the reading. She got up and looked out the window. Once assured, she closed the window and started reading.
Monday, Jan 14, 2013
Diary Dearest,
 I can’t express how happy I am about today’s success. People say that daydreaming is not good, but Dad and I do that day in and day out. And today, one of those dreams took shape in reality. It is nice to be on top again. Now, again, I have to start dreaming—rather, daydreaming—from scratch, but it is the only thing that drives me. The rest of the day went on as usual. Shared the whole success with everyone; the only thing which I couldn’t share was the pain of mom’s absence. As usual, it’s with you I can express how much I miss her. After her, it’s with you I can share what I can’t share with the world: my vulnerabilities and all my weaknesses. Thanks for all the support.
Good Night.
Kiara read it once more. She was pretty sure by now that the pages were from Chris Cooper’s diary. Looking at the corners of the photocopy, she was certain they were the same pages that Carlson had but did not share with her. They had similar edges as if ripped from the diary in a hurry. Maybe it was part of the proof with which Richard had threatened the Coopers. However, there was nothing alarming about what Chris had written, but the thought made her excitement palpable. She was not certain about the intentions of the people who had left the pages with her and what they wanted from her, but they were surely against the Coopers. 
The way to find it was to read the remaining pages.
Tuesday, Jan 22, 2013
Some people can’t see others win. But I have a motto in life: Never ever give up. And I am not giving up now. No situation is impossible. There is always a way around. What I have achieved is mine and only mine. No one can take it away. Whosoever is behind this will have to try again and much harder next time because this time, I am going to make his pawns mine. The game may be set up by him, but it will be played by my rules.
It was a short note, but one filled with vengeance. These were the words of a man who would go to any extent to achieve what he wanted. But then all businessmen are like that, ruthless and emotionless. There was nothing too revealing about the letters. May be there was something in the subsequent sheets. Right now, Kiara was not getting any messages.
There were three more pages. Kiara read them and was as confused by them as by the earlier pages. All the pages seemed to be either ranting about how the business world is cruel or were about some success achieved despite the competition.
She looked at the pages one more time, bringing them near the lamp to check if there were some hidden marks, but nothing. 
She looked at her watch. It was almost half past eleven. She was not getting any new ideas. The best way was to sleep over it and think about it in the morning. Besides, she had nothing to do tomorrow. Jake was going to take her inside the factory the day after. So, she had plenty of time to go over it the whole day. 
She switched off the lights and moved to the bedroom. After keeping the pages inside the report she was about to switch off the bedroom lights when she noticed something. She opened the report in haste and looked at the cover page. There was a red circle surrounding the name of one of the contributors: Sarah Edwards. 
Were the diary pages related to Sarah? This made her thoughts go into spirals, but still she was not able to find any connections. She shuffled through the pages of the report but could not find anything.
She stood there for a few more moments, but could not think of anything. Finally, she took out her laptop and started looking for Sarah on the Internet. Besides fifty profiles on Twitter and Facebook with the same name, nothing else was there. She was not even sure which one she was looking for.
She struggled for half an hour without any success. The more she thought, the more she got confused. 
One thing was sure: the person who had sent these was someone from the village, but had strong ties with the Coopers. He was keeping an eye on her and probably knew her real identity. Could it be Jake? Or maybe Harrison?
Though she was not sure who was behind this, she was sure of how she was going to spend the next day. She put the report in the drawer and switched off the lights.


Chapter 4

As the morning rays filtered through the window pane, Kiara came out of sleep. She looked at her watch. It was half past seven. She rushed towards the bathroom and got ready as if she had to go somewhere.
After getting ready, she looked at the watch again. It was five to eight. She started walking across the hall impatiently, looking at the watch now and then. As soon as it hit eight, she took her phone out of the bag. She shuffled through the numbers till she reached Bob’s number.
She took a deep breath and then called him.
“Well, well,” a scruffy voice came from the other end.
Kiara heaved a sigh. “Hello, Bob. How are you doing?”
“What do you want, Davenport?” Bob asked. He had the annoying habit of calling her by the last name.
“Why do you think I called for help?” Kiara pretended to be surprised.
“It has to be for some intel. You know I will turn you down for a date,” Bob said with a smirk. “Women only want two things from me, either good time or some classified information.”
Kiara pressed her hand hard against the table. She knew Bob was not an easy nut to crack. But he was the only person who could help her. Finally, she thought of playing along.
“Yes, Bob. You are right. You are too good for me. So I will go with the second option,” she conceded in a low voice.
“OK. And what will I get in return?” he asked unashamedly.
“Whatever you ask,” she said in a low voice, knowing beforehand what it was going to be.
“A few words of praise maybe,” he said and paused for a second. “And an apology.”
“Bob, I did not mean when I said you were a slob. It just rhymed with your name,” she pleaded.
“You are insulting me again and I am going to disconnect.”
“Wait … okay, you are the most efficient and resourceful person in the whole department. Without you, our field work would be like shooting in the dark,” she said with great difficulty.
“Well, I would have gone with peeing in the open when the wind is blowing towards your face. But then it would sound nice from a man’s perspective.”
“Ew Bob,” Kiara said with disgust.
“What do you want?” Bob asked the question she was waiting for.
“I need some information about someone,” she replied immediately.
“Give me the name. I will see what I can do,” he said with an air of confidence.
“I’m sure you will get me all the details,” Kiara tried to inflate his ego further.
“No need to remind me how good I am,” he said firmly. “Give me the damn name.”
Bob took the name down. Kiara disconnected the phone, hoping for some important information that would help her in the planning. If the first part goes right, the next steps will be much easier.

“Are you going out?” Paul inquired while Kiara was locking the door.
“Thought of having breakfast at one of the cafés,” she said with a smile. “Can you suggest one?”
“Sure.” Paul was a bit confused. “Elmo’s place is pretty good.”
Kiara nodded and checked the lock one more time—an old habit—though there was no point after yesterday’s break-in. 
“See you, then.” She smiled and left.
Paul was utterly confused. It was as though she had forgotten about yesterday. On the other hand, Kiara had different plans and confronting Paul was not one of them.

After walking for some time, she took off down the street to the café. The day had come up beautifully. The weather was also soothing. The only icing on the cake would be if she could find some clues. With that thought she started walking on the sidewalk that led to Elmo’s Café. It was around nine in the morning. All establishments had opened and there were quite a few people in the marketplace. There was a bus with Cooper Industries’ logo on it. People wearing uniforms were waiting for it to start. She scanned all of them. There was more of a chance of her pursuer being among them than anywhere else. She stood at a fair distance from them, from where they could easily see her. A single reaction from any of them was enough for Kiara to read through their minds. She took her phone out and pretended to talk loudly, trying to gain any attention from them. Some of them turned towards Kiara. The only reaction she got was them checking her out. She glanced at all of them, but could not find anything that could have helped her. Finally, before it got any creepy, she left for the café. As she turned around, her phone beeped. She started reading it, her face lighting up. Her first step had been a success. She locked the phone screen and looked towards the café.
The café looked old with windows covered with flower boxes. An old man was setting up bistro tables outside. It was too early in the day for Kingston. Maybe she should have come in the night, she thought while heading out the door. As she pushed the door, she could sense people noticing her. There were only five or six of them, but all went silent while looking at her. She stared back at them, making them go back to their business. She looked around one more time. A waitress was taking orders at one of the tables. As she walked to Kiara, the waitress turned around. She looked to be in her mid-fifties and had an affable smile.
“You must be Kiara,” she said with a warm smile. “Please have a seat. I will take your order in a moment.”
Kiara rolled her eyes. Here she was thinking of finding someone who was following her, but it seemed the whole town was interested in her.
“It’s like finding a needle in a haystack,” Kiara murmured and walked past her.
As she passed the table, she happened to glance at the table the waitress was taking orders from.
“Jackpot!” Kiara mumbled as she noticed Jake. “Can I join you?”
Jake looked at her and heaved a sigh. “What do you want?” 
“Can’t I have breakfast with my coworker?” Kiara gave a genial smile.
“Who said we are coworkers?” Jake smirked while Kiara pulled the chair.
“Well, if we’re not now, we may be in the future,” she said and looked at him for his reaction. 
Jake raised his eyebrow, trying to understand Kiara’s intentions. Kiara was about to say something when she was interrupted by the waitress.
“What would you like to have?” she asked while looking at both with suspicion.
“I will have what he is having,” Kiara said hastily trying to get the waitress off her back. The waitress nodded and left.
“What is in your mind?” Jake asked again, but more firmly this time.
Kiara leaned forward. “I need your help with something.”
“Forget about the report going out without Harrison’s review. I won’t help you with that. I don’t want to pick a fight that could pose a threat to my career,” he said while sipping coffee.
“But as far as I know, you love picking fights with your superiors.” 
“What?” Jake said almost spilling his coffee. It was as though Kiara had found out his secrets. “Don’t beat around the bush. I’m sensing you are up to something.”
Kiara smiled. “Well … we have a lot in common: going against the norm, doing something out of the jurisdiction, going to any length for justice to happen, etc.”
Jake’s face turned red. “What do you want?”
“Your breakfast.” The waitress placed the tray and left. Kiara took a bite from her sandwich and then a sip of the coffee.
“This is good,” she said in a teasing tone. “You come here often?”
Jake was now at his wit’s end. “What do you want?” 
Kiara knew she had tested him enough. She looked around to find out if someone overheard them. Once assured, she looked back at him.
“I suspect there is something big going on here. Someone in the town knows the secrets of the Coopers. He wants to blackmail them and for that he wants my help,” she said while pretending to eat her breakfast.
“Can you be more discreet?” 
“OK. Someone has gotten his hands on Chris Cooper’s personal diary. That someone left some pages in my room yesterday. He has found out my identity, I guess. And now he wants something from me. Maybe he wants me to approach Cooper Industries and get money for them.”
“What rubbish,” Jake said while shaking his head. “It does not work that way. And what was in those pages?”
Now it was Kiara’s turn to feel a bit letdown. “Well, to be precise, nothing that revealing. It has some rants about how to achieve success and all that stuff that makes the business successful.”
“So, nothing significant,” Jake said casually. “How are you so sure that it was from his diary?”
“I saw the same pages in my office earlier and they were placed in the report that was prepared by the panel.”
“What panel?” Jake asked.
“Cooper Industries wanted to thwart the talks about the pollution in Lake Blue Leaf and the violation of human rights. They created a panel of major journalists who studied and found that there were no violations. However, the lake did need some revamping because of the pollution caused by the locals. So, they wanted to get it restored and take the credit. I was given that report to study about Kingston.”
“What, a cover-up?” Jake shook his head. “And then they expect the local support.” Kiara smiled at Jake’s reaction. He noticed that. “What are you smiling about?”
“Well, as far as I know, Harrison seems to be more inclined towards Cooper Industries. But his most trusted man looks like he has a soft corner for the townspeople.”
“What are you implying?” Jake asked in frustration.
“We will come to that later,” Kiara said making Jake groan in angst. “First, let me finish.
“The person who left those pages knew that I was carrying that report. That’s why he searched my bags for it and kept the pages inside it. Now he can be a hero or a villain depending on whether he wants me to expose Cooper Industries or if he wants money from them by blackmailing them.”
“What do you want from me?” Jake asked the question that concerned him.
“I want to find who is behind this and need your help in that,” she said softly. “You know the place and the people better than anyone.”
“And what makes you feel that I will help? What if I tell this to Harrison? He will get your ass kicked out of here in a minute.”
“Well, you have much more experience in getting your ass kicked. That’s why,” she said and winked at him.
Jake looked at her and took a deep breath. “Do you know something about me that makes you believe you can blackmail me into this?” 
“Not blackmail. I will convince you,” she said confidently.
“Well then, convince me in the next two minutes or else I am going to leave,” Jake gave an ultimatum.
“Jake Carter. Total field experience: eight years. Total experience in getting ass kicked: almost the same,” Kiara said mockingly. Jake squirmed a bit but continued listening.
“In the last eight years, you have been suspended four times. Mostly for your unconventional ways to bring out the truth, like tying a suspect upside down for the whole night or for threatening the lawyers defending the suspects. You have a special taste for drug dealers and wife beaters. But, you got one step better the last time. You planted clues to get the suspect convicted. Suspensions were not working for you. So they finally kicked you out of Boston and sent you here thinking the only way to stop you is by sending you somewhere without any cases.”
Jake looked blankly at her for a few moments thinking, Who the hell was she?
“Where did you get all this information?” he asked while looking around as if his secret was out.
“I have my resources,” she said while thinking about Bob. A shiver ran down her spine thinking about him, but she pretended to remain calm. She was in the driver’s seat and did not want to forgo her position.
“You know now that it would be impossible to work with me, then?” he said, trying to escape the trap.
“No … no, I haven’t finished the story yet.” Kiara smiled and stopped.
Jake shook his head in frustration and gestured her to continue. 
“When I checked your record, I was surprised to see that you had not handled any case in the last six months. I tried to find a reason and studied all the cases that you handled after joining here. I found one thing common in all cases that you handled. Unlike the other people working for Harrison, only in your cases were the townspeople found not guilty or if found guilty, they were let off easily. Maybe that’s why you don’t have any cases for the past six months, as your goals don’t match those of Harrison’s,” Kiara said and paused. “Six months without breaking some bones. It must be eating you from inside.”
With that she looked into his eyes. She could read that he had dropped his guard a little and now it was her time to do so.
“I know you can’t stand injustice and that’s why I can trust you,” she said quietly. “You know the locals. It will make my work way easier.”
Jake looked at her and heaved a sigh. “I have certain ways of doing things. But, I can’t risk my career for someone I met a day back.”
“Well, here is the deal. You get me what I want and I promise I will get you out of Kingston.”
Jake looked at her. “And how will you do that?”
“That, you leave to me. You tell me if you will help or not?” 
“OK. What do you want?” Jake asked finally.
Kiara leaned a little further. “Well, I suspect someone in this town with deep ties with Cooper Industries is trying to use insider information to blackmail Chris Cooper. I need your help to trace this person for me. The whole town thinks I am here as a student. I don’t want to blow my cover. You know everything about this place. You can use your contacts to find out who this person is.”   
“Suppose we find this person. What do you intend to achieve out of this?” 
“I feel that whatever happened to Cooper Industries last week has some deep secret to it, something that has big names involved in it. And now I suspect its roots are in Kingston. We unearth this person, we will be able to shake the whole chain,” Kiara said in a single breath.
“And you’re doing this because …” Jake was still not sure what Kiara’s intentions were.
“If I feel something is wrong, I don’t wait for orders. Now I am pretty much involved in it as well. I suspect more documents coming my way from the pursuer. Is that a reason enough for you?”
Jake looked around and then came to her. “If this thing is as deep as you say, this is going to rattle everyone from Kingston to Portland to New York. I’m not sure if I am willing to take such a deep dive. I don’t care about my job, but I would rather prefer to lose it for my own assignment and not on someone else’s hunch.”
Kiara did not know what to say. She had trusted him with all the information that she had. She was still thinking when Jake got up.
“Gotta go. Duty time.” 
As he was about to leave, Kiara remembered something. She got up at once.
“One more thing. The person who left those papers circled one of the names from the team who prepared the report.”
“What name?”
“Sarah Edwards,” Kiara said with some disappointment. “I looked up her name but could not find anything.”
“Let’s wait and watch then,” Jake said and walked away. Kiara looked at him for a moment and then sat down finishing her breakfast. She knew she could trust him, but before taking his help she should know what she wanted. She had to think of her next steps. She was still baffled by the letters and was wondering if that person was around. She scanned the whole café one more time. Besides two old couples and a group of college-going students, no one was there. 
As she finished, the waitress came immediately with the bill as if she was keeping an eye on her. Kiara paid her, but the waitress did not budge. She had given a good tip, she thought. 
“You want something?” she asked while getting up.
The waitress looked at her, but did not say anything. Kiara read her expressions. She knew what it was—some motherly advice was about to come her way.
“You should stay away from him,” she said softly. “He’s not good for you.”
Kiara smiled sheepishly. “Oh, no … no … I am not interested in him.”
“Well, I don’t think so. The way you two were leaning towards each other and speaking in hush-hush? Margaret is never wrong about these things … never.”
Kiara almost blushed when she got a wind of what the waitress was implying. Jake was good-looking, but dating him? NO. Suddenly she remembered she was drifting away from the conversation. Why are you even getting that idea? she said to herself.
“Actually, I am here for my college project. I have to check how the factory is doing … I mean its effect on the environment of Kingston. Jake has been assigned to help me on that.”
The waitress shook her head. “I heard they had made a report earlier blaming us for the pollution.”
Kiara was taken aback a little. Maybe that’s why she saw people shaking their heads on recognizing her the other evening.
“Don’t worry… I will only publish the facts,” she tried to assure her. The look on the waitress’s face gave the impression that she was not convinced.
“I promise you …” she reassured further.
“What if your boyfriend tells you to do otherwise?” she said calmly. Kiara looked at her. She was not mocking Kiara, but was serious.
“He is not my boyfriend,” she said in exasperation. “We were not on a date.”
The waitress did not say anything and left. Kiara kept looking at her. She shook her head trying to bring herself back to reality. She stood there for a few seconds and then came out.

Her first attempt had gone futile and she had risked all the information she had, though she was pretty sure that Jake won’t share it with Harrison. He too hated the guts of Harrison. But then he was right. She had been in Kingston for just one day. She needed much more time to understand the place and the people.
She turned towards Paul’s house when the thought about the waitress crossed her mind. How could she think of Kiara having a date with Jake and then having the nerve to imply that she was doing wrong? Did she look that naïve? A dozen of thugs could testify otherwise.
She checked the door. It was locked. She heaved a sigh of relief and entered. 
“A date with your partner. That sure is a recipe for disaster,” she murmured while crashing on the couch. Suddenly something struck her.
“A date … yes … How could have I not noticed?” she almost yelled.
She ran towards the bedroom and shuffled through the diary pages. She opened her laptop and searched for January 14, 2013 for news related to Cooper Industries.
“Oh … this is good,” she mumbled while scrolling down.
Cooper Industries’ year-on-year profit rose by 110% and most of that profit came from their chemical business. This has come at a time when the entire chemical industry is going through a slump. Eyebrows were also raised earlier last year when they won a billion-dollar contract despite being a young company. The growth results have only added fuel to the fire.
However, what made bigger news than the financial results is the press conference that was headed by William Cooper post the declaration of the results. He tried to evade all the questions related to the actual reasons behind the growth and when one of the reporters quizzed him further, he left the conference at once.
It did not stop there. Instead of staying away from the media, Chris Cooper, the son of William Cooper and the managing director of Cooper Industries, used his influence to get the above-mentioned reporter fired. There have been repetitive requests from Cooper Industries to downplay this news, but we feel that the confidence of Chris Cooper has reached the level of arrogance and the media needs to rein it.
“Wow … so it started from here.” Kiara read the diary page again. “It makes sense now. He looks really excited about the success he had at achieving those figures and also using his influence on the media. No doubt he made enemies everywhere.”
Kiara tried to find any other news related to the incident. To her surprise the whole Internet was full of them. You should keep an eye on the financial world, Kiara. It is quite interesting.
Following the day of the incident, there was a furor in the media. It was as if the media had an agenda against Cooper Industries. Every publication carried articles about how they had ruined Lake Blue Leaf and how a human rights violation was taking place in Kingston. Chris had not done right by getting the reporter removed. The whole journalistic fraternity had come together in his support. 
Kiara kept reading the subsequent day’s news when after a few days, the news about the incident completely stopped. In fact, some of the publications had given an unconditional apology to Cooper Industries. Some had even mentioned that they were misled by the reporter who had challenged the Coopers. Kiara was baffled by the U-turn. She checked the date on the news. It was January 22. The same date as the second page of the diary. She read the page again. What was the way around and who are Chris’s pawns?
He could not have possibly bribed all the publications. It sounds risky, and why would he wait for a week before making the offer?
She started searching the net again. There was nothing unusual. She started walking across the room thinking what it could be. She tried searching again, but received the same results. Suddenly, she happened to glance at the report. 
She typed the title of the report and Googled it. Her face lit up at what she saw.
To settle down all the uproar about the wrongdoings of Cooper Industries in Kingston, Mr. Chris Cooper has approached the media and has asked for an independent panel to be formed that will assess the situation and make recommendations. The Daily News Union has been entrusted the task to finalize the people who will head the panel and will ensure that there is no bias. In addition, Mr. Cooper has agreed to donate five percent of the profit from Cooper Chemicals for the development of Kingston and the surrounding area. This money will be given even if the reports suggest that there is no harm done by Cooper Industries to the local environment. This money in no way is to be considered as an agreement from Cooper Industries that Lake Blue Leaf needs attention. It was agreed with the government when the contract was signed. The timing of its release is just coincidental.
“So the father has a tiff in the press conference, the son in a knee-jerk reaction gets the reporter removed. Media goes against them and when aid is announced, the media stops the news. It is a nexus.” Kiara sighed while connecting all the dots.
She was still thinking about it when the phone rang. She looked at the unknown number.
“Hello.” 
“Kiara, it’s Jake,” Jake said from the other end.
“Hi, Jake. From where did you get my number?” she asked with surprise.
“I took it from Harrison.” 
“Oh … so you told him everything?” she said angrily.
“I would never do that. I called to tell about something else. Did you read the news?” 
Kiara did not understand. “What news?”
“The girl … Sarah Edwards—” 
He was interrupted by Kiara. “What about her?”
“She was kidnapped yesterday,” Jake said slowly while looking around.
“What?” Kiara shouted.
“And, you were right. There is something big going on in Kingston,” Jake said in a low voice.
“What do you mean?”
“She was kidnapped from Portland while on her way to Kingston.” 
“What?” 
“Yes, she knows something that the Coopers don’t want to reach Kingston,” he added.
There was a momentary silence. “OK … I need to go. But now I am with you. See you tomorrow.”
With that, he disconnected. Kiara fell on the bed. “What is going on here?”
Things were happening fast and there was something that the people behind it wanted from her. She was the only person who was warned about Sarah’s kidnapping. And they knew beforehand that she was coming to Kingston. Probably, they knew her intentions too. If it was for ransom, then Kiara was of no use. She did not know Sarah or her family. Besides, she was not sure if Sarah was a big catch for them. She was working for the Coopers on a temporary assignment. She could not have had a strong financial background to pay her kidnappers, so ransom was out of the question. Maybe she knows some secrets that could hurt Cooper Industries and the Coopers wanted to stop her from reaching Kingston.
The thought made her feel a spark run through her body. “How could have I missed this? They don’t know my identity yet. They’re warning me about what could happen if I try to do what Sarah was going to do. So, if I want my safety, I should either leave or make a report that favors them.” 
The challenge made her excitement palpable. She started walking across the room. This assignment was turning out to be her kind. The immediate thing needed to be done was to find out Sarah’s secret. What secrets was she carrying and why was she coming to Kingston?


Chapter 5

Kiara was too excited to sleep. She kept thinking about the case. The plot was getting murkier and Sarah was the key that could unravel the Pandora’s Box. She looked at her watch—it was getting late. There were things that she wanted to do, but for that she had to wait till morning. She counted till ten and took a deep breath. She closed her eyes and tried to calm down. After a lot of struggle, she fell asleep at around three.
The ringing of her phone brought her back to her senses. She rubbed her eyes and looked at it. It was Jake’s number.
“Harrison wants to see you before we go inside the factory,” he said. “Be here in the next half hour.”
“OK,” she replied and looked at the clock. It was half past eight. She dragged herself to the bathroom. It took a few minutes before she could muster the strength to get ready. She got ready in fifteen minutes and went outside to find Paul. She could not possibly arrive in fifteen minutes by walking. Additionally, it would give her time to get something out of him.
Paul was coming her way carrying the tray of breakfast. She picked the sandwich.
“I need to get to the factory. Can you drop me off?” she asked with urgency.
It took a moment for Paul to understand. He just nodded and went inside to fetch the keys. Kiara started thinking about what she wanted to know from him.

“Have you seen the factory from inside?” she asked while munching on the sandwich.
Paul looked at her through the rearview mirror.
“I won’t risk my health,” he said tersely.
“How would you know that without seeing what’s happening inside?” Kiara said casually. However, Paul’s face turned red. For a moment, he lost control of the van. “I know because I have seen the effect.” 
Kiara wanted to ask something, but an accident was a big price for the information. She thought of changing the topic.
“So, you go to school?” she asked casually while looking outside.
“No.”
“Why? I suppose there is a school in the town funded by the human rights office,” Kiara asked with surprise.
“Right now, I need money for my family. I may enroll later.” Paul wanted the discussion to end. He heaved a sigh of relief as they were about to arrive. He stopped the van around a hundred feet from the factory gate.
“You have to walk from here. They don’t like us coming near them.”
Kiara nodded and got off. She wanted to thank Paul, but he left immediately before she could have said anything. She had touched a nerve there and she knew that. 

As Kiara walked towards the gate, she was surprised by the change in Paul’s behavior. He was friendly and much more forthcoming the day he picked her up from the airport. But it seems there was something bothering him. As if someone had turned him against her. Maybe he had come to know why she was here and thought that she will give a clean chit to Cooper Industries just like the earlier panel. The waitress could have spread it as she knew everyone, she thought.
Whatever the reason, she had a bigger problem at her hand: Harrison.
As she crossed the road, she was happy to see that the guard was different from the other night’s. After checking her documents, he pointed towards the office and kept looking at her till she entered.
Jake was sitting down at his desk and the concentration with which he was staring at the screen of his computer meant he was playing some interesting game. He minimized the screen as soon as he sensed someone approaching him.
“Oh … you,” he said as if her presence did not mean anything. “I guess you can meet Harrison on your own.”
“You don’t know how to speak to a woman, do you?” she said furiously.
“Oh, I do. Depends on who the woman in question is,” he replied without a hint of shame. “Please finish your business. We need to leave in ten minutes.”
 Kiara gave him an annoyed look. The moment she had felt a little bit of liking towards him, he had burst the bubble. Oblivious to this, Jake went back to his computer.

“You are five minutes late,” Harrison said calmly and then went silent as if expecting an apology.
Kiara did not say anything, just kept looking at him. There was an awkward silence.
“So, your first day at work?” he said quietly. “Jake will show you around. Remember, this is a chemical plant. So take all precaution. If possible, avoid going to the factory floor. You can go to the office and meet the manager there. He will give all the information and data that you need. In fact, everything is with him. You don’t even have to go and check the factory. I have instructions to keep you here for at least a month—though I feel one week will be enough to get the report prepared.” 
“But one week means only two visits, today and Thursday. Doesn’t it?” Kiara said with frustration.
Harrison felt as if disobeyed, but contained his discomfort. “I understand that you want to collect data about the alleged pollution caused by the factory. All that data is documented on a daily basis; in fact, on a shift basis. The manager can give you all the data in one minute. What is beyond that which is needed?”
Kiara knew what Harrison meant. She did not want to discuss the certification and the environment-friendly policies of Cooper Industries again with him. 
“I understand, sir,” she replied with a fake smile. “Even I don’t want to go beyond what is expected of me. However, I need to mandatorily stay here for a month. I need to log in the requisite hours.”
Again a streak of anger crossed Harrison’s face, which he controlled somehow. He knew Kiara was trying to act smart.
“Let’s talk about this once you come back,” he tried to avoid any confrontation so early in the day. One thing was definite: Kiara was not going to relent so easily. He kept looking at her till she got out of his office.

As Kiara reached Jake’s seat, she found him talking to someone over the phone. He looked at her and kept nodding. She knew he was not going to give her any attention. She looked around. Everyone was buried in their computers. Just like the other night, there was no one else besides the agents. It was as if no one from outside was allowed to enter the office.
“Let’s go,” Jake said while putting the receiver down.
Kiara did not say anything. She started walking behind him. As they came out, she noticed the security guard was looking at them. Jake gave him a nod and he responded with a gesture of the hand.
“What was that?” she asked with suspicion.
“If you’ve researched about me, you must have found that I have solved many cases before others could.” 
“Well, it was not mentioned to me explicitly, but I will take your words for that.” Jake looked at her knowing that she was teasing him. 
“The reason for my success has been my network. I believe that to solve any case you need to earn the trust of the people. Once that is earned, you can get information that is fast and reliable.” With that, he turned towards her. “You may not have found any cases assigned to me in the last six months, but I am not sitting idle either.” 
“So what are you up to?” Kiara asked with surprise.
“Wait …” he said and started walking a couple of steps ahead of her.
There was another gate. It was locked, with a small door-like opening on the right corner.
“This facility is guarded like a prison,” she murmured. Jake did not pay heed to her words.
As they entered, another guard checked their documents. To Kiara’s surprise, they even checked Jake’s identity. After a minute or so, the guard looked satisfied and gestured them to continue.
As they walked further, Kiara noticed how well-maintained the factory premises was. It was like a resort. The roads were much wider than what she had seen in the town. There were lines of blooming flowers on either side of the road. It was very serene and beautiful. However, there was hardly any soul nearby. Jake noticed how she got lost in the surrounding. He faked a cough.
Kiara looked at him. “I’m sorry, you were saying?”
“Only if you are interested.” 
“I am …” Kiara said with a hint of embarrassment.
“In the last six months, I have developed a network. The guard on duty today is also one of my confidantes. You noticed how the other guard checked my credentials, even though I was in uniform and patrol twice a week?”
Kiara nodded. “Yes, I did. What about that?”
“They don’t trust anyone. The Coopers have great influence in the government. Removing a small officer like me is nothing to them. Even when the news about you reached them, they tried to stop you from coming here.” 
Kiara was surprised. She could never think that they were keeping an eye on such a trivial thing.
“Harrison has strict orders to keep your identity concealed. I suppose some higher official in the government has warned him about that. That’s why I was also a bit skeptical in working with you.”
“Well, you need not worry. I don’t have any contacts in government. I am just following orders. I don’t even know who is behind this,” she assured him.
“Well, I understood that when I met you yesterday.” He nodded his head.
Kiara smiled, but Jake did not respond. He was still trying not to get too close to her.
“As I was saying, Harrison is under pressure to keep your identity a secret. However, I feel he may have told the Cooper management about your project. They were against it and would have used their influence to stop it, but suddenly the negative press diverted their attention to the other side.”
Jake stopped and looked at her. He was sharing something that he was not supposed to and wanted to be sure if Kiara was following him. Kiara noticed that. She nodded and gestured him to continue.
“However, with the kidnapping of Sarah Edwards, I suspect they have not forgotten it completely. You need to tread with caution.” 
You don’t have to think about my safety. You are missing one difference between me and Sarah: I am trained for such things. Let them get anywhere near me.
“What are you thinking?” Jake prodded.
“Nothing,” she said while looking around. “What are our plans for today?”
“We will meet the shift manager,” he answered. “Let us see what you can get out of him.”
Kiara looked at him and smiled. “Why only me? Aren’t you going to ask him something?”
Jake did not respond and looked towards the building in front of them. Kiara was about to say something when she saw someone coming their way. He was a middle-aged man wearing the factory uniform. He walked with a slight limp and had a scar on the left side of his face.
“He looks more like a gangster than a floor manager,” she murmured. Jake looked at her with a hint of anger.
“So, you’re the one who wants to audit our factory?” he said in a scruffy voice. 
“No, sir … It is just for a summer project,” Kiara said softly, trying to sound like a student. Jake looked at her and raised his brow. Kiara did not pay heed to that. “I am doing Chemical Engineering … It’s part of the curriculum. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have bothered you,” she said while handing over her resume and the college letter.
The shift manager did not show much interest in the papers and returned them back immediately. “He must have gone through them. I don’t have to check them again.”
“Perry has been in the industry for the last twenty years. He is the best. He knows everything that you may need. I have requested him to show you the shop floor,” Jake said with a hint of a smile. Perry felt pride in his words and that showed in the reciprocating smile.
With that, Perry turned around and pointed towards the building. “This is our central administrative block. We run and monitor our factory from there. I will give you a tour.”
“I will meet you here in an hour,” Jake said and turned towards Perry. “I’ll go and check around.”
“Of course. You too need to fill your log.” Perry winked at him. Jake responded with a smile.
Kiara looked at Jake with admiration. He was handling both parts of the game well. People inside the factory trusted him as one of them and those outside felt as if he was one of them too.
“Let’s go.” Perry brought her back from thoughts.
Kiara looked around as she walked behind Perry. The administrative block looked like the starting point of the factory. Large chimneys and boilers made the backdrop. The smoke was thinner than what she had seen the other night, but still she could feel a slight burning sensation in her eyes. 
“You have to make a log entry and collect your visitor card first,” Perry said while pointing at a window near the building entrance.
The person sitting at the other end of the window kept analyzing her as she made entry. Perry was waiting near the door while looking into his phone the whole time. Once she had taken the visitor card, he swiped his card and opened the door for her.
Kiara looked around as they entered. There were several offices lined up on the left side with three conference rooms on the right. The offices had few of the officials working on the computers while the conference rooms were empty. As they crossed that section, they entered a huge hall. There were around fifty people sitting in front of large screens monitoring the progress of various processes. The sound of alarms was the only thing that could be heard. No one even noticed her presence. Their eyes were glued to the screens. 
“As you can see, this is our central monitoring room. The whole factory is divided into four zones. Each zone has various processes and sub-processes that have been automated and are being operated from here. We work with a minimum field team. All operators are given a two-year field training, six months in each zone, and then they’re promoted to the monitoring role.”
Kiara knew there was not much for her to see here. Heck, she did not even know half of the things that Perry had said. But she had to look interested. Neither Perry nor Jake was going to take her to the field. She had to try to get something out of here.
“So, all of them are from Kingston?” she asked while pointing towards the operators.
“It is a mix actually. Usually, all the skilled workers including myself have been hired from outside based on our prior experience. All non-skilled workers are local,” he replied immediately as if rehearsed.
“What is their job description?” Kiara asked while analyzing all the operators. 
“What?” Perry was a bit taken aback.
“I meant that the skilled employees perform the more important work of running and monitoring the plant. What do the non-skilled workers do?” she gazed into Perry’s eyes. Perry took some time to gather his thoughts. 
“They mostly work in the field. Though the whole process is automated, certain things need manual intervention … like cleaning.” 
“And you must be taking care that they have all the safety equipment with them?” Kiara did not want to grill Perry yet. She tried to ask diplomatically.
“Yes … absolutely. We issue penalties to the zone operator if there is any discrepancy. So far, my shift record is a hundred percent,” Perry said at once.
“Yes, I felt so. You have such a vast experience,” Kiara said while pretending to take down notes. Perry felt pride in her words. “Let’s go to my office. I will show you the reports.”
Need to check the company supplying the safety equipment, Kiara made a mental note while walking behind Perry.
Perry’s office was much bigger than the earlier one she had seen. There was a round table in the middle with the schematic of the factory on the wall behind it. There was a computer in the center of the table with a bunch of papers lying on both sides.
He shuffled through the papers and pulled out a report.
“This is our daily lab report. We take out samples at all points to check any discrepancies in environmental regulation. The bottom part is for the emissions from the chimneys.”
Kiara glanced through the data. Everything was within the permitted limits mentioned on the right side of the table.
“These look great, as I had expected. What is on that whiteboard?” Kiara said while pointing at the board on the wall to her right.
“Oh … that is the shift-wise production report for the day.” 
There was a momentary silence. Kiara had not prepared any other questions. She had thought that she may see something that may raise her curiosity, but right now nothing was coming to her mind. She kept fiddling with the report, while trying to think of something to ask Perry.
“Anything else?” Perry asked while looking at the clock on the opposite wall. “I need to get back to work.”
“One last thing,” she said while remembering something. “How is the distribution of employees done on shift basis? I mean … the day shift must have more people?”
“Yes, you are right. Administrative people don’t come in shifts. Those working in production do.”
“The night shift must be tough,” Kiara said with a smile.
“You will know once you come out of college. Life is much tougher out here. Though, we don’t put people directly in night shifts. Mostly skilled workers handle the night shifts—the one who have more experience in handling tough situations.”
With that, he got up and Kiara followed suit.
“I will escort you to the gate. Jake must be back by now,” he said while opening the door for Kiara.
As Kiara walked past the monitoring room, she scanned the people working there one more time. Now that she knew that none of them were from the town, she looked at them with a fresh perspective, as if all of them were working secretly against the locals. She shrugged the thought as she was about to reach the main door. 
Jake was indeed waiting for her. Perry guided her out of the main door and stood there while she walked out of the building. She smiled, but Jake did not respond. Instead, he walked towards Perry. Once he approached Perry, he looked back at Kiara and then turned towards Perry.
“How was the meeting? Harrison was afraid she would try to get something out of you that management may not like,” he asked in a low voice.
“I also thought that before meeting her, but, she seems to be inexperienced. These college kids are so awed of working in a real place that they forget everything else. She did not even ask about how we handle the plant.” With that, he patted on Jake’s shoulder. “Tell Harrison not to fear.”
Jake nodded and turned around. Perry looked at him for a moment and then went inside.
“Let’s go,” Jake said. Kiara looked at him for a moment and then started to follow him. There was no talking till they reached the road outside the administrative block.
“So, how was your meeting? Did you get some information?” he asked with question-filled eyes. 
“Actually, quite a bit,” Kiara replied with a smile.
Jake stopped for a moment. “Really? Because Perry said that you’re a novice and don’t know how to drill information out of someone experienced.”
Kiara smiled. “My act went well with him then.”
Jake again looked at her, trying to decipher what she was meaning to say. Kiara understood that and took a deep breath. “He feels I did not ask him any relevant questions, but I got the information I needed.”
“What information?” Jake was still struggling to make any sense out of Kiara’s words.
“For starters, the workers have been divided into two categories. They call them ‘skilled’ and ‘unskilled’ workers, but actually they are the ones hired by the Coopers and the ones that are locals. Skilled workers control the production, meaning they alone know how much capacity the plant is being run.”
“How does that make a difference?”
“It does. I chanced upon the daily production report that was on the whiteboard. As suspected, the numbers for the night shift are pretty high, meaning the plant is running beyond its capacity in the night. No one from the town, including the unskilled workers, is permitted inside the plant during night shift. So no one knows what’s going on.”
“So they’ve built the plant beyond the approved limit?” Jake said thoughtfully.
“Yes, but what makes it even fishier is the fact that the night shifts are run entirely by the skilled workers.”
“Even the field work?” Jake asked with surprise.
“Yes. And I believe it has to do with the disposal of waste into the lake or maybe in some large pit. To put a façade, the locals are used to clean the area in and around the buildings in the night at the pretext that night shifts are tougher and only experienced workers can handle that.”
“Waste from the night shift is disposed someplace else?” 
“Yes, without treatment,” Kiara replied. “The treatment plant can’t hold it owing to its low capacity. They can’t risk making a larger treatment plant and getting noticed by people working there during the day. So they keep using the smaller one while disposing of the excess waste in the lake.”
“What about the lab reports?” Jake was now starting to understand the play.
“Well, they are prepared by the same set of skilled workers and signed by the likes of Perry. They can’t be trusted either.” 
“So what’s the plan now?” he asked further.
“Well, I would need the shift roster, the night shift production reports, and if possible, the treatment plant design documents.” 
“That’s easier said than done. Even I don’t have access to the administrative block.” He knew what Kiara was asking was relevant but it was impossible to get it without making any noise.
“There is a way around for that,” she said while making some calculations. “If we could get a report on the health issues caused by the lake water then we can work it backwards. We can get a court order for them to share the data.”
“Well, that’s been tried earlier too. There have been pesticide-related health scares, but Kingston is primarily an agricultural community. Everyone stores pesticides at home. No one could prove that the factory was responsible for it. Even the human rights office interfered and filed a couple of lawsuits, but the judge gave Cooper Industries benefit of doubt.”
“Hmm … that’s a bummer. Anyhow, I have still a few visits left. This was good progress for the first day, I guess,” Kiara said, a bit disappointed though.
“About that… I hate to admit it … I am impressed,” Jake responded with a smile. “Perry would feel he was too smart for you and Harrison will feel that you have obliged his command. That’s two birds with a stone.”
Kiara smiled. “Speaking of Harrison, he will be waiting for us.”
Jake nodded, knowing that Harrison would have called Perry by now. In a way it was going to help them since Perry was so impressed with his own performance that he would not even know Kiara’s agenda. He also knew that the coming days were going to be some of his most exciting days in Kingston. He looked at Kiara, who was already thinking about her next steps.

Harrison was standing outside his office speaking to one of the agents. He paused for a moment as he saw Kiara entering. He looked at Jake who gestured everything went well. Once assured, he came near them.
“So how was the first day?” he asked firmly.
“Well, I got a bit nervous in front of all those monitors and charts.” Kiara tried to give a sheepish smile. “Maybe next time, I will try to get some information.”
“Sure, you will,” he said while pushing the door of his office.” You can leave now.”
Kiara was about to leave when Harrison knocked at the window pane. She looked at him, but he gestured towards Jake, who had reached his desk. Kiara nodded and walked towards him.
“Your boss doesn’t trust me yet,” she said while leaning on the wall of his cubicle. “He wants to hear it from you … in private.”
Jake heaved a sigh and left for Harrison’s office. Kiara stood there for some time till he entered. Harrison looked at her. He really wants you to leave, Kiara. 
Both kept looking at her till she got out of the office.  
“She didn’t make any noise, did she?” Harrison asked.
“What? No … no.” Jake was still looking in Kiara’s direction. “As per Perry, she did not understand a bit about what is going on inside the factory. He was expecting some tough questions, but she did not ask anything alarming.”
“I understand. Still, you need to keep an eye on her,” Harrison said, but the urgency in his tone had gone. Maybe Perry had informed him after all. 
After a moment he looked into Jake’s eyes. “This is your last chance to show your worth to me. You understand that?”
Jake looked at him blankly. He did not want to give any expression that could ruin his plan.
“Of course, sir,” he replied firmly.
Harrison tried to read his expression. After a momentary silence, he gestured Jake to leave.
While walking towards his desk, Jake kept thinking about Kiara. He had never met such a feisty woman. She was willing to do anything to unravel the truth. He had known many a woman in his life. Heck, he had a fling every six months. But he had never come across someone like her. 
Maybe it was his dry spell after coming to Kingston that was making him think of her so much. However, one thing was sure: It was definitely going to be interesting to work with her. He gave a smile thinking of how she fooled Perry. 

Kiara on the other hand was too engrossed in getting to the depths of the conspiracy to notice anything else. Though there were several questions bothering her, the one which was bothering her the most was the sudden disappearance of Sarah and the big question, why was she coming to Kingston?
The only feasible explanation was that she had chosen a wrong time for the visit. The Coopers were in negotiations with Morgan. Maybe she knows the reality behind the report. Her coming to Kingston meant only one thing: challenging the Coopers. What a fool…
She stopped for a moment at that thought. If she is a fool, even you are not all that smart Kiara. By now, the Coopers will be aware of her visit to the factory. Maybe the diary pages were to warn against going inside. But you defied their warning. If they had one person behind you yesterday, now they will put five. Sarah only threatened them, but you have entered their arena. This is going to ruffle some feathers. She clutched the gun beneath her T-shirt firmly and looked around.
There was not a single soul as far as she could see. She heaved a sigh and looked at her watch. It was almost lunch time. She thought of grabbing something from Elmo’s place. 





Chapter 6

“There you are. I was worried sick thinking about you.” Margret rushed towards the door.
Kiara almost ran past her, but Margaret jumped in front of her.
“Hi. I … um … just want a sandwich … to go,” Kiara said while trying to get aside.
Margaret was not going to relent. She held Kiara’s arm and took her to the corner. Everyone in the café was staring at them. 
“What a dramatic entry … every time,” she murmured while giving a sheepish smile to everyone.
“Prepare a double cheese sandwich for her,” Margaret ordered to a passing waitress who looked at Kiara from head to toe before nodding.
Margaret looked around to ensure that they were at a safe distance from everyone. “Are you all right?” she inquired.
“I was … before coming inside,” Kiara gave a terse reply. 
Margaret understood and left her wrist. “Did you hear about Sarah?” she said in a low voice.
Now Kiara was in a shock. It took her a moment to return to her senses after hearing that name.
“What?” She did not know how to answer that.
This irked Margaret a bit. “The girl who came before you to check on the factory malpractice.”
“What about her?” She knew there was no point in pretending that she was not aware of the earlier report. Everybody knew everyone and everything that happened in Kingston.
“She got kidnapped yesterday,” Margaret said with great difficulty.
Kiara did not know how to react to it either. She stood there looking blankly at Margaret’s face that had turned pale.
“I was worried about your safety,” she said in a frail voice.
“So this is what it is all about,” Kiara said casually. “Don’t worry. I am fine.”
Margaret did not like her attitude and left at once. Here she was, worried for Sarah, and Kiara had no respect for that. Kiara noticed it. She did not want to mess with someone who prepared her food. She followed Margaret.
“I am sorry,” she tried to sound guilty. “I did not mean to hurt you.”
“You know, Sarah wouldn’t have behaved like that,” Margaret said with pain. “I will get your sandwich. You get seated.”
Kiara was a bit baffled about Margaret’s knowledge about Sarah. Maybe she could help Kiara get some information about Sarah. But to get that, Kiara had to be nicer to her.
She kept looking at Margaret, who in turn kept working and mumbling something. Kiara knew she was cursing her.
“Here, your sandwich,” Margaret said while almost throwing the plate on the table. “Would you need something else?”
“Yes … your forgiveness,” Kiara said as softly as she could. Her words made Margaret drop her guard a bit. She stood there listless for a moment, unsure of what to say.
“You knew Sarah well?” Kiara tried to strike a conversation.
“Sort of,” she replied softly.
“I don’t understand,” Kiara said with surprise.
“My son met her when she visited here,” Margaret explained. “He told me about her when the news came today morning.
“Sarah visited the factory twice. John … my son, he heard that she was not very happy with the condition of the factory and assured everyone that with her project, everything will be restored to its earlier self.”
“But her report says that there is nothing wrong with the factory or the lake,” Kiara said while munching the sandwich. In fact, she remembered Margaret cursing the report.
“We also felt betrayed when the report came. That’s why we did not like you coming to Kingston.” 
Now Kiara understood why some of the townspeople shook their heads seeing her that day.
“But now we believe even she was betrayed. That’s why they got her kidnapped.”
“Who are they?” Kiara asked, trying to act oblivious to all the happenings.
“William Cooper and his son.”
There was a momentary silence. Kiara knew that Margaret was genuinely worried about her.
“Don’t worry. I come from college. My report will not create any issues with anyone.” Kiara tried to de-alienate her from Sarah’s kidnapping. “I don’t even have access to the main factory.”
“Still, you should be careful,” Margaret said and collected the plate.
Kiara took out money as Margret left, and she left a good tip. She knew Margaret can be helpful. If she needs to spread any words around Kingston, she was the perfect person. However, she had enough talk with her for the day. She left the café before Margaret came to collect the money.

As she walked towards her house, she kept thinking about Margret’s words. Sarah had come to the factory and had seen something that she was not supposed to put in her report. But she got it documented or maybe got a hand on something confidential. They won’t kidnap her without any written proof that she was carrying. Or maybe just to keep her away from the media. Her coming to Kingston and speaking against them would have attracted the media like a fly to honey. 
One other thing that was bothering Kiara since last night was the diary pages left at her place. They indicated how everything was triggered and how Sarah got pulled into the project, but they did not indicate what led to her kidnapping. Suddenly, something struck her: maybe it’s not the report.
It’s the diary she was carrying with her.
With that thought, she almost started running towards her room. The muddy path did not bother her much today. She kept walking swiftly. She knew if it was the diary, then there was something else in it. She suspected more parcels for her today. 

Kiara checked the lock and was happy to see it firmly in its place, but it meant that there was no communication from Sarah’s captor. That was not what she was expecting. With heavy heart, she opened the door. She scanned the living room, but nothing was there. She was panting heavily because of the run. She buried herself in the couch and closed her eyes.
She was still unsure if Sarah was kidnapped at Cooper Industries’ behest. It had to be someone else. If the Coopers had kidnapped her, then they wouldn’t have sent those letters to her. They would not want anything pointing at them. The letters were definitely put by someone who knew they could get something else out of it—maybe money. But why would the Coopers pay money for Sarah? The diary. 
It makes perfect sense, she thought. She got up at once and started walking across the room. It’s all about the diary. It contains all the secrets. It’s what Richard used to blackmail the Coopers. It’s what he sold to Morgan. But it’s still haunting the Coopers because Sarah also had a copy that she was carrying with her. 
This thought made her worry a little. If the diary was all that was protecting Sarah and now it was with her captors, then she was no longer safe. 
She was still contemplating when she heard a knock. As she opened the door, she saw Paul holding a parcel.
“Someone left this for you,” he said and gave the parcel to her.
Kiara was a bit surprised. “Did this come by post?”
“No, someone left it.” Paul pointed at the mailbox.
“Is this what I am thinking?” Kiara murmured.
“What?” Paul asked.
“Nothing.”
Paul looked at her for a moment and then left.
Kiara came inside at once and opened the packet. There was a folded paper inside. She checked the packet, but nothing else was there. She opened the paper and a streak of happiness ran through her face. It was another page of the diary and it was dated just a week back.
She started reading it and as she read each line, her expressions changed from happiness to astonishment. By the time she finished it, her face was red and sweat covered her forehead. 
It took her a few minutes to compose herself. She checked the parcel’s cover, but besides her name, nothing else was mentioned.
She sat there for a moment and then took her phone out. She scrolled through the call log till she reached one number. Her hands were trembling from what she had read. She waited impatiently for the phone to be picked up from the other end.
A familiar voice came from the other end. “Hello, this is—” 
“Jake … I have a breakthrough,” she cut him off.
“Wow, Kiara … don’t yell at me. What happened?” Jake said while holding the receiver away from his ear.
“When can we meet?” she said immediately.
“What’s happening? You just left an hour back.” Jake looked at his watch.
“Time … tell me the time.” Kiara ignored all his questions.
There was a momentary silence. “I leave at six and sometimes at six thirty … you can come around seven.”
“Where?”
Again, there was a momentary silence. Kiara was getting impatient.
“You can come to my place … Turn right after coming to the main street. If you walk for half a mile, you will see a signage on the right. It states ‘Old Hospital Road.’ You follow it for half a mile more and you will see an old stone-walled cottage. Once you cross it, turn left; you will see a small dirt road. Follow it. You will see a few houses lined up on that road. Mine is the one that has a large gate with ‘26’ written on it. You can’t miss the gate.” 
“OK. Try to leave today by six,” Kiara requested and disconnected. 
“But …” Jake could not understand what just happened. He kept looking at the phone.
Kiara repeated the address of Jake’s house once more in her mind and started walking across the room again.

Kiara looked at her watch. It was half past five. She did not want to lose a moment and even if she tried, she knew it would turn her mad. She locked the room and came out. No one was around. She thanked her stars for that and started walking towards the main street.
Once she reached the main street, she put her hood on and started walking with her head down. Though she reached the old hospital road quite comfortably, she got lost after that. Jake had explained to her everything, apart from the fact that there were four cottages on that road. The first dirt road she took led her to a field. While coming back, she missed a turn and ended up on the main street again. 
“You won’t need any cardio for six months after leaving Kingston,” she said while holding her hands on her knees.
There was no one around to ask for directions either. Neither did she want to ask anyone. Any news travelled like wildfire around Kingston. And God forbid if Margaret came to know about this.
With that thought she turned around and starting walking again. 
Thankfully, there was no left turn after the second cottage and the turn after the third one was paved. That left only the last cottage. 
She heaved a sigh of relief as she walked through the dirt road after crossing the last cottage and saw several houses lined up. 
Some of the residents looked at her, but could not recognize her under the hood though she was able to identify few from the café. She increased her pace till she saw a huge gate a few meters ahead. 
Jake was right. No one can miss that, she thought while looking at its size. She looked at her watch. It was already ten past six. She tried to open the gate, but it was as heavy as it was huge. She pushed it harder the second time and got inside.
A two-storied wooden house peeked through the trees. It looked quite old, pleading for renovation. 
As she came closer, she noticed that it was dark inside. There was no vehicle in the vicinity, meaning Jake had not heeded her advice and would come at his own time. There was a chair lying on the porch. She climbed up and looked at the chair. She thought of waiting there, but out of curiosity headed towards the door. She turned the knob, but to her chagrin, it was bolted. Of course, it’s locked. What were you thinking?
She sat down but not for long. She thought of looking around the house. She went to the backyard and found one of the windows open. She stood there looking at the window for some time. A part of her kept telling her not to do what she was about to do.
Finally, she succumbed to her temptation and climbed the window. 
Though the light was fading, she was still able to see to a distance. There was a hall and an adjoining room. At the end of the hall were the stairs leading to the second floor. She checked around the hall. The inside looked as old and rusty as the outside. She moved her finger across the furniture. A layer of dust covered it. Jake was not someone with good taste. Heck, he did not even have minimal taste, she thought. But then, even she lived like that. She has to give a good impression if Jake comes to her place, she made a mental note. 
Jake’s childhood picture was lying at the center table. The sharpness of his eyes and his chiseled jawline was visible even in that picture. 
Suddenly, she remembered why she was there. She felt embarrassed at her thoughts. "Margaret, "she grunted.  "She's planted all these thoughts in my mind."
With that, she changed her concentration towards the second floor. The wooden stairs made creaking sounds as she walked. 
The upper floor had a huge hall and nothing else. The room was empty barring a study table in the center and an LED television on the wall opposite to it. On the other side, it had huge glass windows giving a view till the end of the street.
 She looked at her watch. It was five to seven. Jake can come any moment, she thought. She did not want him to find out that she was already inside. With that thought, she came out of the room. However, she was too late to realize it. As she came out of the room, she heard the screech of tires on the gravel. Her act was up, she thought and ran downstairs. As she crossed the hall towards the kitchen, Jake reached out for his keys. Before Kiara could open the window, Jake came inside. She hid herself behind the refrigerator immediately. She was cursing herself—her curiosity had always caused trouble for her.  
Jake switched on the lights and walked across the hall towards the couch. As soon as he sat down, Kiara moved swiftly towards the window.
She got her left leg out of the window and as she was about to jump out, her phone rang. Before she could do anything, Jake came running with his phone in hand. It was he who was calling her. Kiara’s face turned red. The phone kept ringing and she did not move from her position. She did not know whether to jump outside or get inside. 
“You were supposed to come after seven,” she blurted out at once.
“What? I can come anytime. This is my house,” he said in disbelief. “What are you doing in my house? Spying on me?”
There was an awkward silence for a moment. Kiara knew there was no answer. The best thing to do was to get inside and explain the reason why she had come.
“Wait … this will come handy.” Jake took her picture and looked at it with admiration.
Kiara almost jumped at him. He got aside, but not before stopping her fall by holding her left arm. Again, there was an awkward silence.
“Let’s sit and talk … you want anything to drink?” he said, trying to change the topic.
“No … I’m good,” Kiara said and walked towards the couch. Jake joined her, holding a beer in his hand. Kiara looked around. The house did not look that bad under the light.
“So, what did you unearth today?” Jake asked while taking a sip.
“What?” Kiara came back from her thoughts. Jake looked at her with question-filled eyes.
“Oh … right. I found something that will change the whole game.” She took out the paper from her pocket.
“This is from his diary?” Jake asked while opening the folds.
“Just read it. It came today.” 
Jake nodded and started reading. 
Monday, Jan 28, 2013
Diary Dearest,
Today I am going to tell you the big secret I was hiding for the past few weeks. Slowly and surely, I have fallen for Sarah. I think I am in love for the first time in my life. The project is completed and she is about to leave. But before that, I’ll call for a farewell party for the team and share my feelings with her. Oh my God, I am so excited, I can’t even write any more. My hands are trembling with happiness.
It was a short note, but had the same impact on Jake as it had on Kiara. He almost spilled his beer.
“This dude is in love with Sarah,” he said in astonishment.
“Yes, and this is dated just one day before all hell went loose.” Kiara was brimming with excitement.
“So, he proposes to her and she declines. The next day Richard threatens them. One more day goes by and he takes back his charges, only to make a deal with Morgan. Everything goes calm for three days. Then suddenly she feels guilty, comes to Kingston, and gets kidnapped in Portland. A day after that you start receiving the diary pages.”
“Well, yes … What are you implying?” she asked with confusion.
Jake got up and walked across the hall couple of times. 
“One thing is certain. She knows the kidnapper,” Jake said while sitting down.
“How can you say that?” Kiara widened her eyes.
“Not only that, the kidnapping was planned after she met her would-be captors. They had no intention of kidnapping her before meeting her,” Jake said with a beaming smile, as if he had unearthed a great treasure.  
“Don’t beat around the bush,” Kiara pleaded. 
“Okay.” Jake took a deep breath. “She was kidnapped from Portland, meaning they knew when she was coming. Right?”
“Right,” Kiara said thoughtfully.
“Now, she is not an important person whose itinerary will be closely followed by everyone. Only the people who could have known this would be the ones keeping an eye on her,” Jake explained.
“The Coopers?” 
“Or Richard, or a distinct possibility that it’s Morgan,” Jake said thoughtfully.
“But if they are behind this, then they wouldn’t share the diary with me,” Kiara said immediately.
“Exactly. That’s why I said there was never a plan to kidnap her,” Jake said with excitement. “The plan was made when they got their hands on the diary and came to know that they had landed a golden goose.”
“Someone Chris Cooper had deep affection for,” Kiara said thoughtfully.
“Deep affection and deep pockets make a deadly combination.” Jake smiled. “Now, they kidnapped her without thinking much. They knew Chris was in love with her and will pay anything they wanted, but after the kidnapping they realized that they had bit more that they could chew. Blackmailing such an influential person is like suicide. So they thought of finding a way in which they do not have to deal directly with it. That’s when you came into the picture. They profiled you and found you just like Sarah: a student working on the same project.”
“So they don’t know who I am?” Kiara asked.
“Looks like that,” Jake replied.
“But how can I help them? I don’t even know what they want from the Coopers.” 
“Maybe we need to wait and watch,” Jake said thoughtfully. “It will be easier if they reach out to you rather than you going after them. We should maintain the status quo till we know who they actually are and what they actually want.”
Kiara nodded and looked at the diary page one more time. Jake looked at her and then at his watch.
“What do you want for dinner?” he asked.
Kiara knew that Jake always had his dinner at Elmo’s. He was being polite. Besides, she did not want to stay any longer. Maybe she was being followed. She had to keep her identity concealed from Sarah’s captors.
“No … I’ll have something at my place,” she replied and got up.
“Are you sure?” 
“Absolutely.” Kiara smiled. “I’ve seen your kitchen. It’s not been used in a while.”
“Wait, I will drop you off on the main street,” Jake said sheepishly as she was about to reach the door.
Kiara smiled, thinking how Jake’s behavior had changed within a day. He was not only helping her out with the case, he was being a gentleman too. 

Chapter 7

Though Kiara’s mind was running with all the thoughts about the case, she could not take her eyes away from Jake’s broad shoulders as she sat behind him on his motorcycle. 
“Are you comfortable?” His words brought her back from her thoughts.
“Yes … I am.” She felt a bit embarrassed.
There was not much talk on the way, but Kiara could not help but think of how Jake put all the pieces together so easily. The first time they had met, she had thought of him as a jerk. Just like all her previous partners, she had despised him. But in the last two days she had gotten drawn towards him not only because of his looks, but also because she found him like her in so many ways. In fact, it was the first time in her career that she had found a worthy partner—worthy enough that she wanted him to be with her in her all future cases. She smiled at the thought.
“You know … it will be great if we could also become partners in future cases!” she shouted from behind.
“What?” 
“I said … I want you to partner with me in my future cases!” Kiara shouted back.
Jake nodded and stopped the motorcycle on the side of the road.
“You get me out of Kingston and I will sign whatever document dictates me to be your partner for all the cases.” He smiled, his blue eyes twinkling with joy.
“That’s a promise.” Kiara smiled in return.
“Besides, it’s been some time I had a fling,” he said with a grin. “This place doesn’t have any scope for that.”
“You aren’t thinking of having a fling with me, are you?” she asked immediately.
“No … no way … you aren’t my type,” Jake blurted out at once, though he regretted it once he saw Kiara’s face turn pale. “I didn’t mean to demean you … it’s just that we are handling a case and I don’t need any complications.”
“I understand completely.” Kiara tried to put a brave face. “OK … then I will see you on Thursday.”
“You can give me a call anytime if you need something,” Jake said while turning the ignition on.
Kiara nodded and kept looking at him till he disappeared in the dark of the night. She wanted to kick herself for what happened. Every time she got drawn towards Jake, he would burst the bubble.
“Not your type,” she mimicked him. “I’m not even interested.”

She must have gone a few meters when she noticed a motorcycle coming out of the path from Paul’s house. As she looked towards it, the rider turned his headlights off. She felt as if she was being watched. She stopped for a moment and kept staring at him, but he did not budge.
This went on for a few seconds, and when she had enough of it she started running towards him in an instant. This made the rider nervous. He turned around and started driving towards the town. Kiara increased her pace, but in a few moments he was gone. She gave a loud grunt. 
She could not figure out who he was in the dark, but she was now sure that she had to do something soon if she wanted to get to the end of this. The captors were in Kingston and Sarah was probably even there.

Paul was standing on the porch. His face looked pale and Kiara could notice him shivering with fear. 
“Are you all right?” she asked while taking the keys out of her pocket.
“What … what have you done?” he asked in a trembling voice.
Kiara knew this had to do with the rider following her. “Can we talk about this inside?” 
With that, she opened the door and stepped aside. Paul looked around for his mother and once satisfied, he got inside.
“You need to sit down.” Kiara offered her water bottle to him, which he declined. She pulled a chair opposite him. “Did he threaten you?”
Now it was Paul’s time to be surprised. She knew what he was talking about. Kiara put her hand over his, reassuring him. He took a deep breath.
“He said that you need to act fast or all of us will suffer,” he said in a frail voice, sweat drops glistening on his forehead. “And something about making the noise up to the top level.” 
Kiara knew what they meant. The time had come when she had to reach out to the Coopers. She looked at Paul, who was still shaking.
“I thought you were helping him,” Kiara grilled him a little.
Paul looked into her eyes, trying to figure out who she really was.
“I mean that day there was no forced entry into my room. You helped them with the keys. Didn’t you?” she asked further.
“No … it was me who kept those pages in your diary. I threw your stuff around to make you feel that there was a break-in.” He looked down.
Kiara almost chuckled at Paul’s master plan. On some other day she would have laughed in his face, but right now she needed to get the information out.
“So, you know who he is?” she asked the pertinent question.
“No, he always has this mask on his face and he doesn’t speak to me directly,” he answered.
“How do you get the instructions then?” 
“He carries a recorded voice message on his phone,” Paul said with his head down. From the look of it, Kiara knew that Paul was new to this and he did not know beyond it. She patted him on the shoulder. 
He looked at her. “I … I am really sorry. I need money for my family. I didn’t mean to harm you.”
“Don’t worry … no harm done, yet,” she reassured him. “Anything else that you noticed about this man?”
Paul thought for a moment and then suddenly his face lit up. “The registration number of his motorcycle is of Portland.”
“Maybe Sarah is in Portland,” Kiara mumbled.
“What?” Paul asked.
“Nothing.” 
“I don’t want my family to be dragged into this,” he said with teardrops rolling down his cheeks.
“Don’t worry. I know what they want. Nothing will happen to you or your family. It’s my word,” Kiara assured him one more time.
Paul wiped the tears from his sleeve and got up. As he was about to reach the door, he turned around. “What have they against you?” 
Kiara looked at him and thought for a moment. “The same they had with the girl they kidnapped.”
“You should have never come here,” he said before leaving.
“No … I am right where I am supposed to be.” She gave a wry smile. “The game is on.”
The wheels had started to move and Kiara knew the next few days held the key. 

Kiara got up at six the next morning. She was too excited to sleep. Jake’s interpretation was right—the people who had kidnapped Sarah were known to her. They did not want to confront her directly and that reassured her that maybe they were known to the town folks also. They knew that in case she gets to know one of them, it would be pretty easy for her to get all of them identified. That’s why they were getting this done through Paul.
They had not told her yet about the ransom they wanted. They only wanted her to act as a mediator between them and Chris. So they had assumed that she was a part of a project like Sarah was, and had access to Chris. Well, that was good for her. In case they attack her if she fails to help them, she will get hold of them. They will never suspect a college student to know martial arts.
However, to reach out to Chris, she had to take the help of her boss. With that thought, she dialed his number. 
“Kiara … so early.” Carlson sat up while rubbing his eyes.
“I am sorry, sir, but this could not have waited,” she said hastily.
“What is it?” Carlson asked.
“Sir, this is about the kidnapping of Sarah Edwards,” she said in a low voice. There was a momentary silence on the other end. “Sir, are you there?”
“Yes … I told you not to look beyond your assignment,” he fumed. “Did you get any data?”
“Not yet, sir. But I am working on it,” she said softly. She knew her move had backfired.
“I know that. You have been distracted by the kidnapping. Right?” he shook his head in disappointment.
The discussion was not heading the direction Kiara had hoped. 
“Anyhow, I was going to call you today,” Carlson broke the silence.
“About what, sir?” she asked, hoping this will make the discussion easier.
“Chris Cooper is visiting Portland today and though it’s not confirmed, he may come to Kingston. I’ve heard that Harrison has loyalty towards the Coopers. I need you to be cautious. Just keep checking and stay away from the factory till Chris returns.” 
Kiara did not know how to react to this news. She was hoping Carlson will fix a meeting with Chris and now he had specifically asked her to stay away from it. She cursed herself for calling him. She had all the game set. The kidnappers thought she was a student. They were going to be around her and she could have used Carlson’s help to nab them.
“You there?” Carlson asked.
“Yes, sir,” she responded.
“Let me know if anything happens. If you make a mistake and get caught, the department won’t take the responsibility,” he said firmly.
“So much for giving eight years to the department,” Kiara murmured.
“What?” 
“Nothing, sir, I understand. I will be cautious,” she tried to reassure him, though she knew he won’t believe her.
“Okay then. Bye.” Carlson hung up.
Kiara threw the phone on the bed in anger. She started walking across the room in frustration. Carlson’s intervention could have helped in solving the case in a week. But now she was left stranded. 
After some minutes of walking, she finally calmed down. Carlson was right. Even if she meets Chris, how would she introduce herself? Hi, I am Kiara. I was undercover to find proof against your malpractice. But now I am on your side and want to help find Sarah.
There had to be some other way around. She made a cup of coffee and as soon as she took the first sip, she knew who can help her.

“You know, we’re meeting practically every six to eight hours,” Jake said in exasperation.
“You are my partner.” Kiara gave a sheepish smile. “Besides, you are the smartest agent I have ever met.”
Jake looked at her. “What do you want? I hope it has nothing to do with me getting kicked out of my job.”
“I can’t say that, but you will definitely get a kick out of it.” Kiara acted smart, adding to Jake’s plight.
Jake looked around. Margaret was continuously staring at them as if telling everyone how she had anticipated that they were going to end up together.
“This isn’t the right place. Everyone is looking at us.” Jake tried to evade the discussion.
“It won’t take more than a minute, I promise,” she pleaded.
Jake nodded. He knew there was no way out.
“The kidnappers want me to meet Chris Cooper and act as a mediator between them,” she said as softly as she could.
“What?” Jake almost yelled, wasting her effort. She looked at his face in anger.
Jake looked around in an apologizing fashion. All the four customers and the five waiters kept looking at them.
“It’s good that the place is empty otherwise they would have thrown us out,” she said with fake anger.
Jake threw his hands in the air. “How are you going to meet Chris and even if you meet him, what will you say to him?” 
“Yeah … that’s where I need your help. See, I can’t meet him as my instructions are to work against him and not with him. So …” She paused for a moment.
“So, what?” Jake raised his eyebrows.
“So, you have to meet him on my behalf,” she said while biting her lips.
“You what …” Jake could not say much. “Are you out of your freaking mind?”
With that, he left his breakfast and got up. He walked towards the door. Kiara turned around and as her eyes met Margaret’s eyes, she cursed her luck. Margaret gestured her to go after him. There was a delay from Kiara’s side and that made her angrier. As soon as Kiara got up, Margaret almost broke into a dance.

“Wait!” Kiara shouted as Jake walked toward his motorcycle.
“No way … no, no, no, no.” He shook his head. “You are a crazy woman.”
“Will you even listen to me?” Kiara said in exasperation.
Jake did not say anything. He kept looking at her. Who is she? he thought. A maniac, probably.
“See, I could have done this if I could.” She looked around. “Carlson does not want me to get involved. You are my best bet.”
Jake knew she was not going to budge, not until he listens to her plan. He shook his head, cursing himself on conceding to her demands.
“What is the plan?” he said in a defeated voice.
Kiara gave him a winning grin. “Is this a safe place to discuss?”
“The whole town knows you are interested in me,” Jake said while rolling his eyes. “The kidnappers are clearly not that professional, otherwise they would have known about you by now.”
“The guy following me may not be that smart, but his boss is.” 
“What do you mean?” Jake kept the helmet aside.
“He’s playing his cards cautiously. He has not said anything about the ransom. Still, he wants me to meet Chris and tell him that I am in contact with Sarah’s captors. He doesn’t want to let us know his next steps.” 
“Hmm. That indeed is curious. But how can I help?” Jake asked the question for which Kiara was waiting.
“Carlson told me that Chris may visit the factory this week. I need you to talk to him. You can use your contacts for that.” She looked into Jake’s eyes, praying for a positive reply.
“It will be better if I meet him instead of my contacts,” Jake murmured.
“What? Did you just agree to my plan?” Kiara beamed.
“No. Let me think it over.” Jake turned the ignition on. “You know, I liked you more yesterday.”
 All her hopes were pinned on this meeting with Chris, and Jake was the one who could help her. She smiled and kept looking at him till he disappeared at the corner.

Jake on the other hand was not in a mood to smile. He was fine as long as it was about the welfare of Kingston, but this proposal from Kiara was big. This could easily be traced back to him. It was next to impossible to reach out to Chris and even if he was able to, what was the guarantee that he will respond positively? As far as he knew, Chris was a ruthless businessman. He was known to go to any lengths to achieve his goals. The diary clearly indicated that he had affections towards Sarah, but how deep were those? Sarah was clearly against his business ethics.
What if he had to choose between business and love?
He would definitely pick business over love. The thought scared Jake a bit. He stopped his motorcycle on the side of the road and started walking around frantically. He definitely did not want to jeopardize his career, but he could not let Sarah lose her life. 
He had to be sure about how much Sarah meant to Chris. With that thought, he looked around and got on his motorcycle.

Kiara kept thinking of ways to help Jake get an appointment with Chris. However, she was not able to find a foolproof plan, which irked her. 
She was still raking her mind when her phone rang. It was Jake. Her mind started running. Jake had told her he needs to think it over. What if he says no? No … she had to convince him.
“Hi, Jake.  Before you say something, please think about the repercussions of not doing it,” Kiara almost pleaded.
“Wow! Kiara … hold on. I’m going to do it,” Jake said softly.
It took a moment before Kiara collected herself.
“You must be thinking what a fool I am,” she said with embarrassment.
“No, I don’t. In fact, you convinced me of doing what is right,” Jake replied. “And now I need your help in achieving that.”
“What help do you need?” Kiara asked immediately. She was too eager to hear a definite yes from him.
“I want to make sure if Chris’s feelings about Sarah are strong enough for him to help us,” he said. “What if after all this effort he declines to help? We may lose our jobs and may not be able to save Sarah either.”
“You are right. We have to ensure our safety first. Only then we can ensure Sarah’s,” Kiara said thoughtfully. 
“I researched a bit about Sarah. She lives with her mother. Her father passed away five years back. I need you to reach out to her. Maybe the mother knows what the daughter knows. I’ll message you the number.” Jake looked at the sheet in front of him. “She may open up to you easily compared to me.”
 “Will do that. It will definitely help.” 
“Just do us a favor. Don’t try to grill the lady too much,” Jake requested.   
“I know what I am doing. Don’t worry.” Kiara squirmed a bit.
“Did you get my message?” Jake asked.
Kiara removed the phone from her ear and looked at it. “Yup, it’s there.”
“Let’s get back to work then.” Jake wanted to stop the conversation before it moved from official to personal. Before Kiara could thank him, he disconnected.
“You can be a real jerk sometimes, Jake,” she grunted.
Jake was right; it was better to concentrate on the work at hand. She looked at the number and then thought about what she should ask Sarah’s mother. She thought of various opening lines, but nothing sounded convincing. She had done a lot of investigations and knew how difficult it was to win the confidence of someone whose family member has been kidnapped. Getting someone to open up face to face was a lot easier, but to convince someone that you really felt sorry over the phone was going to be a feat of sorts.
She took a deep breath and dialed the number. There was no response from the other end. This made her feel a bit disappointed. She thought of waiting for five minutes before calling again. While contemplating what she should ask her, she glanced at the report lying on the table. Suddenly she remembered something. She pulled out the diary page that had arrived the previous night. She read it and smiled. Now I know how to get the information. 

“Hello, who is this?” a trembling voice came from the other end. Kiara was relieved that her call was picked up finally.
“Mrs. Edwards, you don’t know me, but I can help you find your daughter,” Kiara said in a firm voice.
“Who are you? Are you one of the kidnappers?” she asked with a frail voice.
Kiara berated herself for being so direct. She composed herself for a moment. So much for all the practice she had done.
“No, I am a student just like your daughter. I am doing a project similar to hers. I have some information about Sarah. But before sharing it with you, I need to know something from you,” Kiara clarified.
“I am not falling for that trick. I know now you’re from the media. I’m going to disconnect now!” she shouted with all the energy she had.
“I know Chris is in love with her and that’s what started all of this,” Kiara said before Mrs. Edwards could disconnect, hoping that Sarah had confided in her.
There was a momentary silence. Kiara checked her phone, but the call was not disconnected.
“How … how do you know that?” she said in a low voice.
“Because the kidnappers have sent me the pages of Chris’s diary,” Kiara explained.
“The diary, of course … Why are you helping me?” Sarah’s mother asked, still unsure of Kiara’s intention. Though Kiara knew she was getting close to something.
“They want to blackmail Chris and they want me to help them.” 
“Oh my God! Is she all right?” she questioned with fear in her voice.
“I don’t know yet. But they will not touch her till they get what they want from Chris,” Kiara assured her.
“What do you want to know from me?” Sarah’s mother asked the question Kiara was waiting for.
“Just one thing: how much do you think Chris loves Sarah?” Kiara asked with bated breath.
“Even if his feelings towards Sarah are half of what she feels about him, he would be madly in love with her,” she said while sobbing.
Kiara was in shock hearing her words. “But I thought she rejected his proposal knowing what he did at his chemical plant, and that’s why she was coming here to expose him.”
“She will give her life in a heartbeat for Chris. She can never think of harming him even in her dreams.” 
“Then what happened at the farewell party?” Kiara asked with surprise.
“The only thing she said was that she had a fight with Chris over his work ethics, something he should have told her first. After that, she left. The next day the paper she was working for called her and threatened that she should go underground because the Coopers believed she was the one who leaked their secrets to Richard,” Sarah’s mom said with anger.
“What?” Kiara was surprised.
“She was the last one Chris talked to about the diary,” Sarah’s mom said. “She felt betrayed that Chris felt this about her. But …”
“Mrs. Edwards, are you okay?”
“Yes … But when she got the diary pages, she knew Chris loved her equally. This further devastated her. Maybe if she had not brought the work ethics talk during the party, everything would have been fine. Finally, she thought that the least she could do was to finish the project. She thought of going to Kingston and helping people with what she had seen.”
“Who was she going to meet in Kingston?” Kiara asked, hoping for a positive reply.
“She said that she had not decided, but she will call someone once she reached Portland.” 
“Oh. And did she call you after reaching Portland?” Kiara asked as her hopes of finding a clue dashed.
“She did, but I was not at home. The only message she left was about her arriving safely and nothing else,” she said ruefully.
“Anything else that you remember?” 
There was a momentary silence. “No … I could not speak to her again. It’s been three days. My poor baby. She already had such a miserable life: first losing her father and then her love. And now this happened to her.”
“Don’t worry, Mrs. Edwards. The police will get to the end of this case,” Kiara tried to assure her but she was inconsolable.
“We are not that influential and this is directly related to Cooper Industries. I don’t think the police will help.” She stopped for a moment. “Maybe if Chris pressures them. Please reach out to him.”
“That’s what I am trying to do. I just need one thing from you. Don’t tell anyone about our call,” Kiara said. “The kidnappers want to speak to Chris. If anyone else tries to meddle, the situation may get out of hand.”
“I will never do that to my daughter,” she said in a frail voice.
“I will keep you informed, Mrs. Edwards. You have helped a lot. Take care.” 
She threw the phone on the couch and held her head in her hands. The situation was much different from what she and Jake had interpreted. Sarah was made a scapegoat and a bigger enemy than Richard for the Coopers. 
Well, at least now Kiara knew their chances of getting help from Chris had increased. They had all the information needed to earn his trust. The only question was how to reach out to him, without making any noise.

Jake was playing with his phone while staring at the computer screen, trying to devise a way to meet Chris.
Suddenly, he noticed Harrison coming his way. 
“Sir,” he said as Harrison came to his cubicle.
“Yes,” Harrison said in his gruff voice.
“I saw in the news today that Mr. Cooper is visiting his Portland headquarters. Do we have to make any arrangements?” he asked with fake urgency. 
 Harrison looked at Jake’s face. Jake thought his act was up. Harrison was going to ask why he was so interested. He was still thinking about it when suddenly Harrison’s face turned a bit gloomy.
“Yeah … I checked. He’s returning from there.” He was dejected.
“Oh … I see. Then we need not worry,” Jake said immediately.
“Yeah. You are keeping an eye on that girl though.” 
“Absolutely, sir. No information will go out,” Jake assured him.
“Hmm, anything else?” 
Jake nodded. “Nothing, sir.”
Now it was Jake’s face that turned gloomy. The entire plan was based on the fact that Chris would be coming to Kingston. And now everything had come to naught. The whole planning, the whole investigation … everything was wasted. He grunted in anger and threw the pen to the computer screen.
He thought of informing Kiara, though a part of him did not want to call her. He knew that she was not someone to take defeat in her stride. She would think of some other crazy plan.
However, there was no other option. He picked up his phone and scrolled down till her name came up. 

Chapter 8

Kiara had analyzed her discussion with Sarah’s mother, three times. Her initial reaction of pity towards Sarah had taken a backseat by now. She was now planning to reach out to Chris and the only way she could think was if Jake gets a chance to escort him once he visits the factory.
With that thought, she picked up her phone and scrolled down to Jake’s number, oblivious of the fact that her plan was not going to work.
Jake tried calling her at the same moment she was calling him. Both the phones were engaged. They tried again, but with the same result.
Kiara thought of calling Jake after some time and started analyzing the case again. 
After fifteen minutes, Kiara thought of calling Jake. This time she tried his desk phone, but no one responded. This irked her further. Where has he gone?
She thought of calling on his cell phone, but as she was about to dial she heard a knock. She looked at her watch. It was too early for dinner. That ruled out Paul. Then who could that be?
She took her .38 and pulled her sleeves to cover her hand.  
There was another knock, this time more pronounced.
Kiara opened the door and got aside. She saw a man entering and before she could realize it was Jake, she hit him in the neck with all the force she could muster.
Jake fell down with a thud, hitting his head first. Kiara was taken aback realizing who it was.
“Jake, oh my God! I’m really sorry,” she apologized and held her hand out. 
Jake got up holding his head. “What happened? You saw me through the peephole, didn’t you?”
“I did, but it is a bit dark out there and this is the first time I have seen you without uniform,” she said while looking at his body-hugging jeans and white T-shirt.
“So it’s my mistake then?” He grimaced. “You’re a crazy woman, you know that?”
Kiara did not know what to say. All she could do was scrape whatever ice was in the refrigerator and create an ice pack.
Jake looked around while applying ice to his neck. He looked at the mess that Kiara had created. Kiara noticed that and tried to think of something quick.
“Someone broke into my house,” she blurted out.
“What?” 
“Last week,” she said sheepishly. Jake looked at her face and both burst into a laugh.
“Don’t make me laugh. It hurts my neck,” he said while trying to contain his laughter.
“Why have you come here? You’ll blow up my cover,” she complained.
“Well, we were not discreet earlier either. You meet me daily in the open. Why do you think your cover has not blown yet?” Jake asked while putting the soggy ice pack on the table.
“What are you implying?” 
“Well, everyone has seen you with me umpteen times. Even if they are not smart enough to think that you may be undercover, they should be at least threatened by the possibility that you are feeding me the information about the diary,” he said. “But they haven’t done anything about it. Why?”
“It’s only if they are convinced that Harrison has assigned you to help me with the project and I have no other tie-ups with you. Also, the belief that I am not competent enough to turn the tables on them,” Kiara said thoughtfully. “That’s why they’re not afraid of me giving information to you.”
“Maybe they feel I am on their side as well. So, no need to fear me either. As per them, even if you give information to me, I will not use it against them.”
Kiara looked at Jake. “Perry,” both said together.
“He’s the only one who feels I am not that smart and maybe he’s the one who gave out my name to the kidnappers. Can he be the mastermind?” Kiara asked thoughtfully.
“I don’t think he is that smart. But you are right: He can be one of the pieces of the puzzle.” Jake nodded his head.
“Wow, this thing is not only deep, it’s pretty wide also. People at all levels are involved,” Kiara said with disbelief. “We need to act fast. Did you find a way to meet Chris?”
“Actually, I came here to tell you about it. Chris isn’t coming to Kingston,” Jake said gently.
“What?!” Kiara almost screamed.
“Harrison told me that Chris is going back from Portland.” 
Kiara got up and started walking across the room anxiously. “But we need to see him. Otherwise the whole plan is jeopardized.”
Jake got up and held Kiara by her shoulder. “Calm down. We will think of something else.”
“I know what we need to do. We get hold of Perry and grill him. We will definitely get the names of the people behind it. We don’t need Chris then,” she said in a state of disbelief.
“We can’t just interrogate someone based on a hunch,” Jake reasoned.
Kiara took a long breath. “I know. But every minute that we waste makes the case slip out of our hands.”
Both sat down and kept looking down. There was no word uttered for five minutes, when Jake remembered something.
“Did you call Sarah’s mother?”
“Oh … I completely forgot to tell you about that,” Kiara said. “We were right about Chris’s love for Sarah. But Sarah loved him even more. He never got a chance to propose to her.”
“What?” Jake’s eyes widened. “Then why did she go against him? I mean, why was she coming here?”
“She was never against him. But she was the only one apart from the Coopers who knew about Chris’s diary. Chris told her about it during the party. They had a big fight over his work ethics and she stormed out. The next day, the diary was with Richard,” Kiara said pensively.
“They think that she gave the diary to Richard? When Richard got into a deal with Morgan, the diary was no longer required. Everything was going fine till she came here,” Jake tried to put all the pieces together.
Kiara nodded. “As per her mother, she wanted to come to Kingston and do some good for the people. That was the only reason she even took the project. She never knew it will turn ugly.”
“Well if all this is true and Chris was indeed going to propose to her, he would be devastated by her kidnapping.” 
His words brought a thought to Kiara’s mind, lighting her face up. “Maybe he is in Portland to find out about Sarah. I read somewhere that he had differences with his father over the acquisition by Morgan. In fact, he did not go to his office since the acquisition was finalized and now, he’s become active. Also, he could operate from New York. What is the need to come all the way to Portland and not visit the factory?”
“You’re right. We need to meet him,” Jake said in excitement, “but how?”
Kiara looked at him, but even she did not have a clue. They kept staring at each other, but nothing came to their minds. They knew that they were just a single step away from making headway, but that step was the biggest riddle for them.

The sky was filled with stars and their reflection in the water added to the spectacle. However, the sadness in his eyes could not let him appreciate any of that.
Chris was sitting in his office, continuously gazing at the reflections. Though he was physically present, his mind was somewhere else.
His eyes looked sleep-deprived, but his demeanor gave an expression of restlessness. It was as though someone had taken away his most prized possession from him.
He looked at his watch. It was past ten. He held his head in his hands and closed his eyes for a moment.
Suddenly, his phone rang. He looked at it for a moment. After several rings, he sighed in exasperation.
“Hello, Dad,” he said in a low voice.
“How are you, son?” William Cooper inquired. “Did you speak to the in charge of the case?” 
“It’s no use. It’s been three days and there have been no demands of ransom. They’re afraid …” Words failed to come out of his mouth.
“Don’t worry, son. I will speak to the higher-ups,” William assured, though he knew there was not much he could do.
“I hope she’s still alive.” Teardrops rolled down Chris’s face.
William did not know what to say. “Maybe they have contacted her mother?” he asked after much contemplation.
“No one has approached her. She won’t speak to me, but the police have spoken to her.” 
“In that case, we can’t do much,” William said.
“The police have said that they will be issuing a red alert in the neighboring areas tomorrow. They are also checking for any reported murders in the area in the last seventy-two hours. They’re suspecting this to be an accident. Sarah must have encountered someone she was not supposed to. This may have happened in a moment of heat,” Chris said, the words barely coming out of his mouth.
“Don’t give up so easily. Until and unless there is a firm proof, you should not assume things,” William tried to give some confidence to him. “Let me know if anything is required. We may have lost our empire, but we are still very influential. I will make sure that this case is treated as special. If required, we may put the pressure on our government connections.”
“I hope we don’t have to go so far,” Chris said while wiping the tears. “How are your meetings going on?”
“All the agreements are being readied. I suppose, by the first week of next month, everything will be in place.”
“So we’ll lose our dream?” Chris lamented.
“We’ve discussed this many times, Chris. Don’t forget, we are getting paid fifty percent more than our market value. You can fulfill any dream of yours with that kind of money,” William said in a stern voice.
“But Dad, this company was not just our dream. We saw it with mother. Maybe it was her blessings that made it reach those heights that we could have never thought of,” Chris reasoned.
“Now, Chris, don’t get me started. You very well know how we achieved what we achieved,” William said firmly. “Heck, even Richard and Morgan also know what we did to succeed, thanks to your diary.”
Chris did not know what to say. Had he not told Sarah about his diary, everything would have been fine. Even she would not have left him and he would not need to have this discussion with William.
“Son, are you there?” William asked softly. “I know I crossed the line again.”
“No, Dad, it’s fine,” Chris said, “give me till the day after tomorrow. If there is no progress after that, I will come back.”
“I will wait for you,” William said. “Please get some sleep. Punishing yourself is not going to bring her back.”
“I will try,” Chris assured him. “Goodnight, Dad.”
Chris closed his eyes and remembered the day he had met Sarah for the first time. He had constituted a panel to find out ways to rehabilitate the people around Lake Blue Leaf. It was publicized much as a brave attempt from a corporation that was struggling but for Chris, this was just eyewash to raise his company’s profile.

Jake offered to go together for dinner, but Kiara did not want to go out. She had some thinking to do and that worked only if she was alone.
She poured a glass of wine and dragged the center table near the couch. By evening, she was really happy with the progress of the case, but now it had come to a standstill again. Not only did they have to meet Chris, they have to convince him to come to Kingston too. If she goes out of town, Harrison will come to know and then Carlson would. With her track record, it won’t take him a minute to suspect that she was up to something.
On the other hand, she was not sure if Jake could convince Chris by himself. After speaking to Sarah’s mother, Kiara wanted to meet Chris herself. She wanted to use all her knowledge about Sarah to get his support. 
They did not even know how long Chris was going to be in Portland. She had to think of a backup plan in case he had already left. Maybe she could get something out of Perry in that case. That brought another thing to her mind: She had to visit the factory tomorrow. She had made no progress on her report. It was almost five days now. If she did not give him anything tomorrow, Carlson would be after her life.
She closed her eyes for a moment, trying to get Carlson out of her mind and concentrate on Sarah. From the pictures, she had noticed an honesty in Sarah’s eyes that was rare to find. Sarah was exactly the opposite of her: a romantic who never found any fault in others. Kiara on the other hand saw everyone with suspicion. Maybe Chris fell for this quality of hers. But then, the same quality led to her kidnapping too. It was hard to separate honesty from gullibility.
She gulped the last drops and looked at her watch. It was quarter to ten. She was feeling hungry. Usually, she used to get her dinner by eight thirty. She opened the door and looked around, but no one was there. She saw a dim light coming from one of the rooms in Paul’s house. She thought of checking with him. 
As she was about to knock, she heard a light sob coming from the other end. She thought about going back, but her stomach growled, making her knock at the door. There was no response for some time till she heard footsteps.     
Paul opened the door. His eyes were red. He looked at her. “I am really sorry. We couldn’t cook tonight. Mother will make something for you.”
“No, that’s fine. I’ll order something from Elmo’s place.” She stopped for a moment. “Is everything fine?”
Paul could not hold back his tears. This was an awkward situation for Kiara. She didn’t know what to do. She looked at her watch: She had only twenty minutes before Elmo’s Café closed. She thought of leaving, but Paul was sobbing uncontrollably.
Finally, she patted his shoulder. “You can tell me. Maybe I can help.” 
“You always ask why my mother doesn’t like you,” Paul said while wiping his tears. “It’s because of my sister.”
“What about her?” Kiara asked.
“She has ADHD.” 
Kiara looked at him. “You mean attention disorder?” 
“Yes,” Paul started sobbing again.
“But lots of kids have that. It can be treated, right?” 
“Her case is different. She was a normal kid till she was five,” Paul said in a feeble voice.
“I don’t understand,” Kiara asked.
“The doctors say it happened due to prolonged exposure to pesticides,” Paul said ruefully. “It all happened once this factory came here. That’s why I hate it: my mother hates it.” 
“Oh … that’s why your mother doesn’t like me. She thinks I will create a report just like the last report and help the Coopers.” Kiara understood. “Then why did you let me stay with you?”
“I didn’t want to, but I need money for my sister’s medicine,” he said while looking down. “Also, I was wrong about you. I feel you’re also in some trouble. I saw you meet that officer.”
Kiara did not know what to say. She kept looking at him. Paul’s sobbing had reduced by now.
“She gets hyper sometimes when we are short on medicine. That’s why we missed your dinner today.” 
Kiara held him from his shoulders. “How is she now?”
“She’s sleeping now. But we need to see the doctor tomorrow.”
Kiara felt really bad that while she was thinking about her growling stomach, Paul was going through such trouble. 
“I’ll come with you,” she offered. It was the least she could do.
“Really, you don’t have to.” Paul finally smiled. Kiara knew he wanted her to accompany him.
“It’s all right. Don’t worry.” She smiled in return.
“OK. The doctor comes at nine,” Paul said and turned towards his house. Suddenly, he remembered something. “What are you going to eat?”
“I will order something from Elmo’s,” she said while looking at her watch. She still had five minutes left. 
Paul nodded and left. Kiara waited till he got inside and then rushed towards her room.

“Thanks for taking my order so late,” Kiara said while taking the packet.
“Margaret said to take good care of you. Otherwise, I would have said no,” the boy said with a grin.
“Thanks,” Kiara said while taking the packet, but he was not willing to let go. 
“She also said that you tipped well.” He showed the two dollars that she had given him as a tip.
Kiara grunted and gave him another two dollars. He grinned. “Thank you, ma’am.”
“Four-dollar tip for an eight-dollar sandwich,” Kiara groaned while bolting the door. She did not have any choice though. She could not complain either. Paul had a genuine reason for not serving her today. She started thinking about Paul’s family as she took the first bite. No doubt he was eager to help out Sarah’s captors. In fact, he had to bring Kiara to his home against his wish. Poor kid.

As the first rays of morning filled her room, Kiara looked at her watch. She could sleep for half an hour or she could get ready to go with Paul. She was supposed to go inside the factory by ten. Finally, with great effort, she got up. She was never an early riser: a quality that her mother always hated. She thought of her and a smile ran down her face.
She thought of calling her mother sometime during the day. However, if she got wind of Kiara being in a remote location she will get worried. Last time Kiara went undercover and somehow she got it out of her daughter, she had gone mad and had called Carlson. It was one of the worst moments of Carlson’s life. After that, Kiara had promised herself not to tell any work-related things to her mother. Kiara had somehow convinced her that she had finally convinced Carlson to give her daughter a desk job.
Kiara dragged herself to the bathroom. She had a big day ahead of her. She had to get something out of Perry today and had to show something to Carlson to convince him that she was doing her job. Once he’s satisfied, she will be able to concentrate on Sarah’s case.


Kiara looked at Paul’s sister as they crossed the muddy road into the main street. She was a sweet little kid, but the tiredness on her face showed the hardships that she had to go on a daily basis. She did not speak to Kiara. Neither did she look at her. She kept staring at the sky. Like a concerned big brother, Paul kept looking at her through the rearview mirror. 
“What’s your name?” Kiara asked her softly. She did not even notice Kiara’s presence. 
“Her name is Paula,” Paul said from the front.
“But of course,” Kiara murmured. Paul looked at her. She nodded her head and gestured him to concentrate on driving.
After ten minutes or so, Paul turned right onto a paved path. 
The hospital was located in the heart of the town. The lake as well as Elmo’s place was almost equidistant from it. Kiara had passed by it earlier too, but thought of it as an old abandoned building. The hospital looked as sick as the patients visiting it.
Paul opened the door and took his sister in his arms; she smiled at him. Paul smiled in return. Kiara felt warmth in her heart looking at them.
She walked behind them while looking around. The area around the hospital was in equally bad shape. Grass was as tall as the shrubs surrounding the path. It seemed as though no one had trimmed either in years. Used syringes and glass bottles were lying in one corner.  Fungi had grown on it, giving it a scary look. Anyone could get sick here, she thought.
Paul put his sister down on one of the benches in the lobby.
“I will check for the doctor. Sometimes he’s late,” he said and left.
Kiara looked at her watch. It was quarter past nine. She could not afford to arrive late and face Harrison’s wrath. Paul had promised to drop her off, but if the doctor was late, she might have to find another mode of transport.
Again she looked at Paula, but the girl did not respond to her friendliness. It was also getting awkward as other patients and hospital staff had started noticing her. Each one of them was scanning her from head to toe, making her even more uncomfortable.
After five minutes or so, Paul came out. “The doctor will see her now.”
Kiara heaved a sigh of relief and followed them.
The hospital had more patients than it could handle. Some were lying in the hall, others in makeshift dormitories. 
The doctor looked at her as they entered.
She took a chair in the corner while the doctor checked Paula. In between, he kept looking at Kiara, trying to find out who she was. She smiled a couple of times, but after that she ignored him completely. She pretended to read one of the medical journals lying on the side table.
“She didn’t take her medicine, didn’t she?” he yelled at Paul. “You people don’t deserve treatment.”
Kiara closed the journal and looked at him. His eyes burned with anger. Paul was looking down while Paula just stared at the wall.
After a minute or so, the doctor shook his head and got up. He opened one of the cabinets behind him and threw a box of medicine towards Paul.
“This is the last time I am giving the free samples  to you,” he said firmly. “You better make arrangements to buy the medicine yourself next time.”
Paul nodded and looked at Kiara as he and Paula were about to come out. 
“You wait outside. I need to talk to him,” Kiara said as Paul reached out for the door.
Kiara pulled the chair opposite the doctor, who had gone back to his files by now.
“Hi, Doctor,” she said while tapping on the table.
“Yes,” he replied back. “I didn’t recognize you. And how do you know Paul?”
“I’m a student. I am here to study the impact of the factory on Kingston’s ecosystem,” Kiara gave the rehearsed answer.
The doctor looked at her for a moment. “So you’ve already seen the impact, then.”
“Do you really think this is because of the factory?” she asked.
“I don’t have any other explanation for her or any other patient lying outside,” he replied back.
“But did the court take your medical opinion?” 
“I am just a doctor, not a social crusader. Besides, no one can fight them. I just want to do my work while I’m here.” He got up. “I have to go on my rounds. Please excuse me.”
Kiara kept looking at him as he got out of the room. She came out and looked around. Paul was waiting for her. She gestured him to wait for two more minutes. The doctor was in one of the wards.
“Do you have any data or documents substantiating your claims?” she asked while ignoring the patients.
The doctor turned around. “See, I don’t care about my job. But I don’t want the hospital to shut down. We are already short on supplies.”
Kiara interpreted what he was saying, but wanted to be sure. “Who is funding the hospital?”
“The human rights office, which in return gets funded by corporations. If I go against one, others will also stop funding. Now will you excuse me,” he said and left.
Kiara came out and kept looking at the patients. The place really needed some money. The doctor was doing whatever was in his hands. 
She looked at her watch. She had twenty minutes left. Paul also needed to drop off his sister before taking her to the factory. He took his keys out as he saw Kiara coming towards them. It took him ten minutes to drop off his sister and ensure that she took her medicine. Kiara kept waiting while impatiently looking at her watch.




Chapter 9

Paul dropped her off around a hundred feet from the factory gate. He had so much anger inside him that he could not even bear the sight of the gate. Kiara herself was angry with what she had seen at the hospital. She was going to grill Perry hard today, she thought. She looked towards Paul and gave him an assuring smile. Paul knew what she meant and smiled back. 
With that, she started walking towards the checkpoint. As she got her documents checked and walked towards the office, she noticed Jake standing outside with Harrison.
“On time,” Harrison said while looking at his watch. Kiara forced a smile.
Jake looked at Harrison. “Anything else, sir?”
“No, that’s it. You can take her to the factory.” With that, he turned towards Kiara. “When can I see the first draft?”
“Sometime next week, sir. I will get a clear picture today.” 
Harrison nodded and looked at Jake, as if telling him to keep an eye on her. Jake nodded in return. They stood there till Harrison entered the office.
“So, what was he discussing?” she asked while looking at the main door.
“Nothing much. He’s pleased with the way I have handled you so far. He wants me to get actively involved in some cases moving forward.” 
“That’s great news then.” She smiled.
Jake looked at her smirk-filled face. “If you don’t get me out of here, I’m going to turn against you.”
Kiara pretended to be scared. Jake smiled at her. “Anyway, you surprised both of us by coming on time.”
“I am always on time,” she said with pride.
“Maybe, in New York. This is the first time in Kingston,” Jake teased her.
“I had to go to the hospital with Paul. His sister has ADHD and the doctor says the possible reason is pesticide in the drinking water,” she said quietly.
Jake did not say anything. He knew far more stories than her; he could feel the pain that she felt.

After the checking at the main gate, they headed towards the factory. Kiara stopped as they were about to arrive. She looked around. Jake could not understand.
“I may get into the thick of things with Perry today,” she warned him. “Would you be able to handle Harrison if he complains?”
“What are you planning to do?” Jake asked with fear-filled eyes.
“Even I don’t know.” Kiara took a deep breath.
“Please think twice before doing something stupid,” Jake pleaded.
“Don’t worry. I’m just yanking your chain.” She gave a smile. “I’m going to grill him my way.”
Jake did not know how to respond. He wanted to hit her, but controlled himself somehow.
“OK … I am leaving before you make my life any more miserable,” he said and left at once. He could hear Kiara’s chuckle till he crossed the administrative block.
Kiara smiled and turned towards the block.
Perry had already instructed the guard at the entrance who escorted her inside. Everything was going as usual. Operators were glued to the monitors; there were no sounds except for the alarms and Perry was standing behind one of the operators.
He noticed the sound made by Kiara’s shoes and turned around.
“Welcome back,” he said with a wide grin. “How’s the report coming up?”
Kiara smiled back. “I need your guidance on that, sir.”
Perry’s eyes gleamed with pride on Kiara’s addressing him as sir and asking for guidance. He used to force his orders on people working under him. This was the first time someone had approached him for guidance.
“Give me two minutes. Need to finish something here. You can wait in my office.” 
Kiara nodded and walked towards the office. She looked around. She had a few things in her mind, but she needed something to start the conversation with. She scanned the room; the board was having the daily reports which looked similar to the one she had seen earlier. She looked at the papers lying on the table. She pulled the lab reports, but nothing alarming was there. She held it for a moment, folded it, and hid inside her diary for her report. 
She looked at the other corner that had a water cooler. That gave her an idea. She got up at once and filled a glass of water. She glanced towards the door. Perry was coming towards the office. 
She walked swiftly and took her seat. As soon as Perry entered, she took a sip from the glass. Perry pulled his chair and looked at her.
“What do you want to know today?” he said. “I thought everything was clear to you post our last meeting.”
“Indeed, sir. But I need to clock in my hours. I am supposed to meet you twice a week for a month,” she reminded him.
“Hmm … anyway, do you want something for your report?” Perry said. “I have this report from before.”
With that, he took out a copy of a report and pushed it across the table. Kiara’s eyes widened looking at the report. It was Sarah’s report. Maybe he kept the report and gave the diary to her captors, she thought.
“Who made this?” she asked while pretending to read.
Perry came forward. “This was made by the girl that got kidnapped last week.”
Kiara pretended to be surprised. “Is it? What’s her name …”
“Sarah.”
“Yes, right. Sarah,” she said. “Can I use this report?”
“You should use only this report. It has everything about the factory and how environmentally friendly it is,” Perry said. “They worked very hard, analyzing all the data. You will not find such a detailed report anywhere. In fact, Mr. Cooper had created the independent panel himself.”
Kiara smirked at the thought of the panel being “independent.” She wanted to steer the conversation in a different direction.
“That reminds me. I read in the paper today that Mr. Cooper is in Portland.”
“Yes, the transition work is in the process to begin. He wanted to ensure everything goes fine. He had emailed me also,” he said with pride. Kiara was not too sure if the pride was in the fact that the owner of the factory put his email ID along with hundreds of other employees’ or maybe because Perry could use a computer.
Anyhow, she gave him an admiring look. “Transition work must be tough. They may need experienced people like you.”
“Yes, most definitely. But I already have a huge responsibility running the plant,” Perry said with smugness.
“I understand. How long does this work take?” 
“Oh … it takes months. Even the planning phase itself needs four to six weeks,” Perry said thoughtfully.
“So Mr. Cooper will be in Portland for four to six weeks?” Kiara laid down the trap.
“No … no. He is a big man. He’s here just to give confidence to the team. He will be leaving this Sunday,” Perry blurted out.
Kiara almost chuckled at Perry’s words. Poor fellow did not even know her questions were a setup.
“Oh. It’s a short visit then,” Kiara replied.
There was a momentary silence. Kiara wanted to get something else out of Perry. She wanted to grill him about what she saw in the hospital.
She took a sip from the glass. “This water is good. Water in the town tastes funny.”
Perry looked at her as if trying to evade the query. “They have a direct supply. Our water comes from the treatment plant inside. But I don’t feel any difference.”
Kiara nodded. “You live with your family?”
“No.”
Kiara knew why they were not here. Nobody would risk their kid’s life. Anyhow, this was not the time to act on personal emotions. She knew the supply of water was different from the town’s. Maybe the water samples for testing were taken from the factory.
“This meeting went longer than usual,” Perry said and got up. “Let me escort you to the exit. Our friend Jake must be waiting for you.”
Kiara smiled and followed him. As they came out, Perry noticed something on one of the monitors. He rushed immediately towards it.  
The operator explained to him something that made him angry. He yelled at the operator for two minutes when he realized Kiara was waiting for him.
“I’m sorry, please come.” With that, he walked towards the main door in a hurry. Kiara looked at the operator, who had gone back into his world.
As soon as Kiara came out, she was taken aback by the pungent smell. She immediately covered her face. Jake was standing outside covering his face as well.
“What did you do, Perry?” he asked Perry, who to Kiara’s surprise was standing as if nothing was in the air.
“One of the pipes leaked. I have closed the line. It will go away in a minute.” He looked at Kiara. “It’s not that bad. You will get used to it once you start working post your degree.”
Jake looked at them. “We need to leave immediately or I will faint.”
“You’re a sissy, you know that?” Perry teased him.
Jake was not that bothered by it. He waved at Perry and started walking. Kiara followed suit. Perry looked at them for a moment and then went inside. 

There was no talking till they crossed the main gate. Kiara removed her hand from her face. It was a lot better now. Jake looked at her and removed his kerchief.
“Wow! That was something,” he said, “talk about working in a pesticide plant. I won’t survive a day.”
“Oh. You would,” Kiara replied. “You may lose sense of smell, though. Even that would take some years. Perry would be able to tell the exact number.”
“What?” Jake said with surprise. “That’s why. How could I miss that?”
“Don’t worry. The report will have that.” She winked. “If needed, we would get Perry tested for that.”
“Someone is getting deeper into her project,” Jake teased her. “You will definitely get an A on your report. Maybe you’ll be recruited by a big chemical company.”
Kiara punched him on the shoulder. “If you tease me, I won’t tell you what I discovered about Chris.”
“That’s what I was thinking. How could Kiara forget about the case not assigned to her? That’s not like her. Okay, tell me.” 
“Chris is in Portland till Sunday. We need to contact him first thing tomorrow,” she said.
Jake stopped for a moment. “You got that out of Perry. Does he know?” 
Kiara nodded her head. Jake smiled back in admiration.
There was a momentary silence. Kiara stared at Jake. 
“What?” Jake asked.
“We need to contact Chris,” Kiara reminded him.
“Yeah, I know that, but how?” he said thoughtfully.
“I thought you would have found a way,” Kiara asked ruefully.
“I thought a lot about it.” Jake shook his head in frustration. “But nothing’s coming to my mind.”
Kiara grunted, “I have to do all the work.”
“What’s on your mind?” Jake inquired.
“I want Chris to come to Kingston. He needs to see what he’s done to this town. Sarah’s kidnapping is also in a way, because of all this mess he created here.” 
“I know how you feel about all of this. Will you tell me your plan or am I not needed?” Jake pleaded.
“Oh … you’re the one going to execute it.” She smiled. “But I can’t tell you right now.”
“Why not? You said that we need to contact him as soon as possible.” 
“Look who’s coming.” she pointed towards Harrison, who was walking towards them.
“What are you two arguing about?” he asked while shifting his gaze between the two.
“Nothing, sir,” Kiara said softly. “Perry gave me this report to copy data. He’s saying that the data is old.”
“Let me see the report.” Harrison held his hand out. Kiara handed the report and looked at Jake’s face, who was cursing her.
“I’ve seen this report.” Harrison recognized the report as soon as he looked at it. “Perry’s right. You have to use this report and the data looks perfectly fine. Ignore him.”
With that, he gave an angry look to Jake.
“I’m sorry,” Jake said immediately.
“You can go now,” Harrison ordered. Jake wanted to know the plan and looked helplessly as Kiara left. Kiara on the other hand was enjoying this. She walked slowly on purpose, teasing him further.
“Are you coming or not?” Harrison roared, bringing Jake back from his thoughts.
Kiara heard that and covered her face with her hands to control the laughter, though she was sure she could not hold it much longer.
Jake shook his head and followed Harrison. 

It took Kiara some time to settle down before she could forget Jake’s face. She knew it was going to be the longest day of his life.
She splashed some water on her face and moved to the living room.
Paul must have seen her coming. He came within two minutes, with the food.
Kiara had not eaten since morning and in fact, the morning had started a bit early by her standards too. By now, she was famished. She forgot everything and jumped on the food. 
While eating, she started thinking about her visit to the factory. It had been really fruitful. She could not have asked for more. She had made a breakthrough in her case and she also now knew how long Chris was in Portland.
This thought brought her back to her plan. She thought about it once again. It has to work. The only risk with the plan was that if Chris visited Kingston, everyone would come to know and the captors will be alerted. Even Harrison would come to know and that would make it difficult for her to meet him.
She had to make sure that Chris gets convinced to the level that he comes alone and if possible, without making any noise. Also, she had to ensure that he doesn’t speak to anyone except the two of them. This was the primary reason she hadn’t told Jake about the plan. She knew the part that Jake was going to play, but she had to make her part much more convincing. 

She put the dishes in the sink and was about to head towards the bedroom when her phone rang. It was Jake. She looked at her watch. He could not hold it longer than half an hour.
“Hi Jake,” she said sweetly.
“Oh … Kiara. Cut the crap, will you?” 
“What is this Jake? It’s been barely half an hour that we met,” she used his words against him.
Jake shook his head in anger. “You need my help or not?”
Kiara knew she had enough of the fun. “OK, I’m sorry. Now listen. Can you come to my place after work? I don’t want to discuss this over the phone and this may take a while too.”
Jake looked around. Harrison was walking across his room. Kiara’s words made him feel as if he was being watched. He shrugged the thought out of his mind.
“But if something needs to be done today, then we may lose time?” he asked.
“Don’t worry. We will start our work today. I want you to understand my plan, think it over the night. If you feel it’s workable only then we will proceed. Your part is the main key.” 
“Now you’re teasing me again,” Jake complained.
“No, I’m not. You may get too excited or too angry hearing what I intend to do,” she said. “I want to meet you in person.”
Jake nodded. “OK, I’ll leave as soon as I can.”
“Wait,” Kiara said as he was about to disconnect.
“Yes.” 
“Don’t make any dinner plans. We’ll have dinner together.” She gave it a thought. “Dinner’s on me tonight.”
“Are you bribing me?” he asked with a smile.
“Maybe.” She smiled back.
“OK, then see you in … about three hours,” he said while looking at his watch. “Bye.”
“Bye.” 
She held the phone in her hands and kept looking at it. She had three hours to finalize her plan. Convincing Jake was the first step. If it fails at that level, there won’t be any next level.

There was a knock at the door. Kiara looked at her watch. It was past seven thirty.
“You couldn’t have come later than this?” she said even before the door opened properly.
“Harrison won’t let me leave. Perry gave another great feedback about you. If you know what he means,” he justified. Kiara nodded her head and smiled at Perry’s stupidity.
“Now Harrison wants me to handle some cases as he feels that I’ve finally started obeying his orders.” 
“Good for you.” Kiara patted on his shoulder.
“Can I come inside now?” 
Kiara felt a little embarrassed and stepped aside.
“This is for you.” Jake held his hand out.
“Red wine! Wow! I have turned you into a gentleman,” she said with a wry smile.
Jake nodded his head and looked around. The room looked the exact opposite of what he had seen the other day. Everything was in its place. 
“And I’ve turned you into a lady, I guess.” 
Kiara mocked his smile and took the wine to the kitchen. Jake followed her and looked at her fumble as she poured it into the glasses. She looked at him, but he did not say anything. There was a limit to his teasing, now that he had been declared a gentleman.

“So what is this master plan of yours?” Jake asked while settling down on the couch.
“Please don’t get freaked out,” Kiara pleaded.
“I don’t guarantee it. Let me listen to it first.” He knew there was going to be some crazy idea.
Kiara nodded and took a deep breath. “Do you know someone at the Portland office?”
“Yeah, I know quite a few agents over there.”
“Is there someone you can trust completely?” she asked further.
“I suppose,” Jake said. “What are your intentions?”
“I want you to find out who’s working on Sarah’s case. You need to call that agent and tell him that you have some information about her. But, you will give it only to Chris. The agent should inform Chris about this and convince him to talk to us,” she said in one breath and looked at Jake in anticipation.
Jake almost spilled the wine. “What! Are you out of your mind? Why would the agent help us? What if he tells his superior?”
“That’s why I asked if you can trust someone. Even if somehow their bosses come to know, we should not worry. We have the information. We are not telling a lie, right?” Kiara reasoned.
Jake knew she was right about that part. If they are caught, they can share everything to save their skins. However, he was not sure whether Harrison will let this go. “What if Harrison comes to know?” 
“You can blame me for everything.” Kiara was getting desperate. She knew without Jake’s help nothing was possible.
Jake got up and started walking across the room. He was not too sure how it was going to work. “Isn’t there another way where we don’t have to involve anyone else?”
“Only if we had Chris’s number. We could call him directly. But I’m not too sure he will take it nicely. I can’t tell him my identity, meaning he can think of me as one of the kidnappers. He may inform the investigating team who will in turn find out that I am undercover working against him or …” She paused for a moment.
“Or?” Jake looked at her in anticipation.
“Or an agent from Kingston calls another agent. Tells him about the information he has. One agent will definitely take other agent’s words. The agent working on this case is definitely under pressure now that we know Chris is in Portland because of Sarah. The agent will jump for any rope that you throw. His whole life depends on it. He has direct access to Chris and whatever he will say, Chris will believe. After all of this, I will call Chris. He will not only take my call, he will also be willing to help,” Kiara explained the plan again.
Jake still had his doubts. He started walking across the room again.
“This is a foolproof plan from your end? If anything goes wrong, I will take the blame,” she reiterated.
Jake knew Kiara was right. They did not have any other option. 
“You understand that if this goes wrong, tomorrow will be your last day here and probably mine too,” he repeated his doubt one last time.
“I understand that. But if Chris goes back, it may well be the last day for Sarah too.” 
Jake took a deep breath. He knew the odds were against them. But if they were able to pull this, they may save a life.
“I will call my friend Robert tomorrow. Let’s see how it works out,” he finally agreed.
Kiara smiled and got up. “I knew you would do what is right.”
“I have to prepare every sentence that I am going to speak to him, though.”
“That’s why I told you to call him tomorrow. You need to think it over tonight,” Kiara replied.
Jake nodded his head. There was a knock at the door. “That must be Paul. He may get scared seeing you here.”
“Won’t he ask why you ordered for two?” he asked.
“I’ll make something up.” She pointed towards the bedroom.
Jake grunted and went inside reluctantly. Kiara waited for a moment and opened the door.
“I was about to leave,” Paul said while looking inside.
“Oh, sorry. Actually, I was inside talking to my aunt,” she said loudly, adding to Jake’s misery. “My mother called me and told about her yesterday. She lives in one of the cottages on the old hospital road.”
“Yeah, I have seen that old lady. She came here a couple of years back.”
“Yes, yes …  that one,” Kiara confirmed.
Jake punched the wall with anger. Paul looked in that direction.
“I need to check on her. She’s really old,” Kiara said and took the tray from Paul.
Paul glanced in the direction of the bedroom. “Give my regards to her.”
Kiara nodded and closed the door. Jake heard the sound and came out at once.
“Paul has given his regards to you, Aunt,” Kiara said before he could say anything.
“You are going to pay for all this torture,” he fumed.
“I am paying for the dinner,” Kiara kept teasing relentlessly.
Jake looked at her. He knew the only way to end the discussion was to keep his mouth shut. He pulled the chair near to the center table and started eating. Kiara could not control her laughter and started laughing hysterically. 
Jake looked at her—rather, stared at her. Kiara kept laughing but when he did not turn his gaze, she started feeling awkward.
“What happened?” she asked.
“Your aunt gave me an idea.” 
“You mean that you gave an idea to yourself.” 
Jake raised his brow. “Do you even want to hear it?”
Kiara nodded. Jake was indeed very serious.
“What if Sarah’s mother calls instead of me? They won’t stop her from contacting Chris.” He looked at her.
“That’s quite brilliant, actually. She could tell that the kidnappers have approached her. But, she would disclose everything to Chris,” Kiara said thoughtfully. “She can tell Chris to contact us. That way only she and Chris will know about our existence and no one else will even know that we are behind this. You have outdone yourself, Jake Carter. I know we are going to rock together as a team.”
Jake heaved a sigh. “Let’s close this case first.”
Kiara nodded and then realized something. “Wait a minute. So I’m the one going to make the call and I will be the one Chris will call?”
Jake nodded while chewing. “This food is good.”
“Don’t change the topic.” Kiara held his hand, stopping him from eating. “Are you not going to do anything?”
Jake pushed her hand. “I’m the one who made the plan workable. Doesn’t that count?”
“That’s really smart.” Kiara rolled her eyes.
Now it was Jake’s turn to laugh. He tried to imitate her laugh while holding his stomach. Kiara looked at him for a second and then started eating. Jake laughed for a moment, but when no reaction came from Kiara, he felt stupid and stopped. Kiara looked at him and both burst into laughter.






Chapter 10

“Thanks for the food,” Jake said while leaning on the door frame. “Let me know if you need anything.”
“It’s going to be a long night for me. Not only do I have to think of what I should say to Sarah’s mother, I also have to tell her what she has to say to Chris,” Kiara said thoughtfully.
“You will do fine. Don’t worry.” 
Kiara nodded. There was a momentary silence. “Good night,” Jake said and left.
Kiara heard the sound of his motorcycle engine breaking the quiet of the night as she stepped inside. She thanked her stars that Paul did not inquire about the motorcycle.

The night was indeed long for Kiara. She kept thinking about how to approach the whole thing. She had to first convince Sarah’s mother that she could help. She was not too sure if Sarah’s mother was too fond of Chris and will agree to speak to him. Maybe she has to scare her a little. With that thought, she looked out the window. The moon had reached its apogee.
She took a deep breath and closed her eyes. 


Kiara looked at her phone as she took the last sip of coffee. She had to give some confidence to Sarah’s mother before she could ask for any help. With that thought, she dialed the woman’s number.
“Hello,” a voice came from the other end.
“Hello, Mrs. Edwards. This is Kiara.” 
“Did you get any information about my daughter?” she asked immediately.
Kiara did not know what to say. There was no development since the last time. The delay in her response made Sarah’s mom’s heart sink.
“Oh … Did something happen to my baby?” she asked, the words barely coming out of her mouth.
“No … no,” Kiara said immediately. “It’s just that I need your help in this case and I don’t know how to ask for it.”
“Of course I will help. Why are you hesitating? Don’t test an old woman’s patience,” she pleaded.
“I told you last time that we need to contact Chris.” 
“What about that?”
 “We were planning to contact him through the agent who is working on this case. However, we are not sure whether he will help. In case he informs his superior in place of Chris and the kidnappers get alerted, Sarah may be in danger.” 
“Then you’ve got to find another way. I want my daughter back at any cost,” she asked firmly.
“That’s why I called you, Mrs. Edwards.” 
“What is troubling you? What do you want from me? I will do anything for my daughter.” She sensed something wrong, but still tried to assure Kiara.
“I want you to call the agent and ask him to let you speak to Chris,” Kiara said and waited for the backlash.
“I don’t understand. Why can’t you call instead?”
“Because you are the mother. If you tell them that you want to speak to Chris and no one else, they can’t stop you,” Kiara explained.
“I don’t want to talk to him. He took my daughter away from me,” Sarah’s mother said in anger.
“It’s our only chance and if this is of any comfort to you, Chris has come here only for her.” 
Sarah’s mother started to sob as she understood what Kiara had said. She disliked Chris because of Sarah’s kidnapping, but she also knew that he loved her more than anything else in the world.
“Mrs. Edwards, are you all right?” Kiara asked. Kiara wanted to take her help but if that was going to affect Sarah's mother emotionally then she had to think of something else.
“What should I tell him?” she said, making Kiara’s face lit up with joy.
“Thanks, Mrs. Edwards.” Kiara’s excitement knew no bounds. “You tell him about me and the information I have. You give him my number and tell him not to tell anyone about this.”
“Who should I call?” 
Kiara gave her the number that Jake had shared with her. She kept the phone aside and thanked her stars. Sarah’s mother had given her the hope she wanted. She was still far from Sarah’s release, but at least now she was moving in the right direction.


Kiara had never liked delegating her work. If it was up to her, she would have not involved anyone. She was not even sure if Mrs. Edwards had the courage to do this and whether she would be able to do as Kiara wished. The only way to know whether it went well was to wait for Chris’s call. Neither she nor Jake could confirm it any other way.
Another thing that bothering her was how to contact the kidnappers. How can she intimate to them that she had made contact with Chris? No one had called her or met her. It was a good thing that she had interpreted the diary pages, but what next? 
However, this was something that should have bothered the kidnappers more than her. It was they who were losing time. Did that mean that they were aware of what she was doing? The thought made her a bit nervous. Was there someone around her telling them about her actions? It was in fact very strange that they had not given any deadlines. It was a one-way street.
She started thinking, Who could that be? Since she had come to Kingston, she had met a handful of people.
Jake was the one who knew everything. But, he couldn’t do that. At least, his history said otherwise. Paul was the one who was bringing the notes from the kidnappers, but he was too naïve to spy on her. 
There was no chance of Margaret or Harrison or Perry doing this. Margaret seemed a nice, typical small-town lady. Besides, she would easily find out if she was being followed by Margaret. Harrison won’t do it himself even if he knew anything about it. Perry may be feeding them information about her and may know that she was approached by the kidnappers. But beyond that, he wouldn’t know anything.
The more she thought, the more confused she became. She was pretty sure that her moves were known to them. Otherwise, they would have approached her, threatened her, or maybe at least followed her. Even the mystery man on the motorcycle was there to threaten her through Paul and not directly.
One thing was clear though: the person behind all of this had clear ties with the Coopers. He knew that any clue whatsoever could lead it to him. That’s why he did not want to contact her directly.
So how was he keeping an eye on her? She looked around the room to see if it was bugged. It was a futile exercise—most of her planning was done outside the house.
She was moving around when she saw her phone lying on the table. Was her phone tapped? The thought sent a shiver down her back. Chris was going to call on her number and if her doubts were right, it will ruin everything. 
But then it looked like a farfetched idea. It had to be something else. Someone, who was in constant touch with her, may be keeping an eye on her.
Who could it be?
She had to be alert the whole time. Maybe someone from Chris’s office was also involved in it. Someone he could trust with all his secrets. Maybe he had told the kidnappers that she had not contacted Chris yet. Maybe that was the reason they had not reached out to her for the next steps.
By now, she had confused herself. She did not even know which of the theories could be right. The best thing was to wait for Chris’s call.

Kiara spent the whole day looking at her phone. However, there was no call from Chris. She checked it multiple times for network and battery. By evening, she was getting paranoid.
Paul brought her food, but she was too excited to eat anything. After half an hour, she thought of at least eating something. It would also keep her distracted for some time.
As she was putting the dishes in the sink, the phone rang. She ran in excitement, almost tumbling over the side table.
All excitement went away as she saw a familiar number on the other side.
“Any news?” Jake asked anxiously.
“Nothing,” she said ruefully.
“Maybe Sarah’s mother could not muster the courage to call him.” 
“What now?” Kiara had given up all the hope.
“We will go with our original plan. I will call the Portland office tomorrow,” he assured her.
“OK,” Kiara gave a terse reply and disconnected. Jake knew she was disappointed. The best thing was to leave her alone.
Kiara heaved a sigh and moved to the bedroom. She could not believe her luck. But then, approaching such an influential person was a farfetched idea from the beginning.
She turned the lights off and closed her eyes. Suddenly, her phone vibrated.
She looked at the screen. She had received a message from an unknown number.
Please call me on this number immediately.
Could this be Chris? she thought and dialed immediately.
“Hello, this is Kiara. I got a message from this number,” she said in anticipation.
“Hi Kiara, this is Chris Cooper,” a low voice came from the other side.
“Mr. Cooper!” Kiara could not hold her excitement. “What took you so long?”
“Mrs. Edwards told me that she did not tell anything to the agents. I suspected they may want to know what was happening and may be tapping my phone. Besides, I believe even the government may be tapping my call post all the ruckus we have created in the market. Somehow I was able to steal this phone, but it did not allow me to make calls thanks to the credit limit. Also, I did not want to call in the day, raising further suspicion.”
Chris had indeed thought this through. And since he was telling her everything, it meant he already trusted her to some extent. Well, that is a good start, she thought and turned the lights on.
“I believe you have some information about Sarah?” Chris asked. “And I will take Mrs. Edwards’ words that you are helping without any bad motives.”
“She is right. I have no other intentions,” Kiara said at once. “Please listen carefully to what I am going to say and please don’t be judgmental.”
“What is it?” 
“I am a student doing a summer project in your factory. The kidnappers believe that my project is similar to Sarah’s and started sending me the pages of your diary …”
“My diary?” Chris exclaimed.
“Yes, I believe Sarah was carrying them,” Kiara explained.
“So she indeed had access to my diary. I thought she was being framed,” Chris said ruefully.
“But I still believe she’s being framed,” Kiara said in defense.
“I don’t understand.” 
“The kidnappers were known to her and in all probability you also know them. That’s why they’re not contacting you directly. I don’t know how Sarah got those pages, but I don’t think she had the whole diary. Otherwise, they would have blackmailed you for your secrets and not for your affections towards her. Sarah was keeping those pages because you had confessed your love in them. It was the only keepsake with her that reminded her of your love,” Kiara said in a single breath.
There was a momentary silence. In fact, Chris had nothing to say. He felt a pain in his heart, a pain that reminded him of what he had lost.
“I shouldn’t have written it in the first place.” 
“Whatever has happened can’t be changed. But we can bring her back safely with your help,” Kiara tried to alleviate his pain.
“What do you want from me?”
“I believe the epicenter of all this is in Kingston,” she said. “Someone has a bone to pick with you. It can be anyone. All the townspeople are against you and your factory. And they want me to negotiate with you. I can’t do it in Portland. Just like you, I am also being followed. If I leave Kingston now, it will raise suspicion. I want you to come here. Besides, I believe Sarah may be held captive in Kingston.”
“On some other day, I would have not agreed to this. But I’m desperate now. I will make the arrangements and leave immediately,” he said in a measured tone.
“Not like that, Mr. Cooper. I have a plan,” Kiara said immediately. 
“What plan?”
“I know you are one of the smartest persons in America, but I need you to follow my plan completely,” she stressed. She knew Chris was used to giving directions to others and making him follow her plan completely was going to be a difficult task. 
“Who are you, Miss Kiara? Chris asked.
“What do you mean?”
“You don’t sound like a student. More like a cop,” Chris said making Kiara go quiet for a moment.
“There are a lot of things happening in Kingston. I will make you understand everything once you listen to my plan,” Kiara assured him.

Kiara was woken by Jake’s call. She looked at it, but was too sleepy to pick it up. She pushed the phone beneath the pillow and turned around. 
She had barely closed her eyes when it rang again. She gave a grunt and looked at the clock. It was almost eight o’clock.
“Yes,” she said with disinterest.
“You have done it, partner. The wheels are in motion.” His excitement was palpable.
“If Harrison disturbed your sleep, it doesn’t mean you can wake me up to tell me about my plan,” she complained.
“What? Informing Harrison is also part of your plan?” Jake said with surprise.
Kiara sat up. “Look, I could not brief you about the plan. In fact, I was not even fully prepared till calling Chris. I want it to look as natural as possible. You have your network in the town and Harrison has his inside the factory. Bringing Chris anonymously was not going to help. So, I used another card. Now Harrison will support us. Anything that Chris asks for, he will provide. Harrison is never going to question or suspect him.”
“Oh … that’s why Chris asked Harrison to make all the arrangements. So, what next?” he asked impatiently.
“Don’t get too excited. You will know as it unfolds.” Kiara was not going to tell him everything so soon. Even she was not sure if it was foolproof.
“Don’t do this to me,” he pleaded.
“Can’t tell you over the phone. Will explain once we meet.”
“OK.” By now, he knew that there was no point in arguing with her. Whatever she had decided was going to be final.
“When is he arriving?” 
“Harrison asked me to report by nine,” he replied. “He wants full attendance.”
“Then you don’t have much time,” she said. “Go, get ready.”
“You really want to go back to sleep,” he smiled, knowing how much she loved her sleep. “It’s eight in the morning.”
“Sorry, Mom,” Kiara mocked him and disconnected.
Jake looked at his phone and then towards the clock. He had one lecture already; he didn’t want to hear another from Harrison. He threw the phone on the bed and walked towards the bathroom.

Kiara tried, but sleep eluded her. She was up till three o’clock fine-tuning her plans. Whatever was supposed to happen was going to happen in the next three days. It was going to be impossible to keep Chris in Kingston any longer than that. She feared the locals and the media getting wind of Chris’s presence.
The whole town was burning with anger against the factory and this was the first time Chris was visiting it. The timing could not have been any worse. However, Kiara wanted to use it to her advantage. There were certain aspects of her plan that she had not shared with either Chris or Jake. Thinking of Jake, she was not sure if she was going to share the entire plan with him so soon. He would try to add value to it, trying to find fault with it. But she was not going to listen to him—Kiara was not answerable to him. 
She just hoped that Chris doesn’t stray away from what she had planned. She sighed and got up. She was going to have a long day. 
She opened her laptop and browsed through the news. There was no mention of Chris visiting Kingston. She wanted Chris to reach safely first. Once inside the factory, he would be much safer.

Chris had contacted Harrison as planned by Kiara. Harrison made it sure that no one except his team knew about it. One of the agents had been sent to the Kingston boundary to escort Chris inside the factory. Once inside the town boundaries, he was supposed to be transferred to a police vehicle to avoid any suspicion.
Two other agents including Jake were told to cover the area where the road bifurcated towards the main town. And finally, Harrison had changed the duty roster of the local guards at the factory with two of Perry’s operators. 
Perry was the most excited about this. He had himself supervise the arrangements for Chris’s stay. The guesthouse was made ready as per the instructions from Chris’s secretary. From the drapes to the cushion covers to the blankets had been replaced as per his taste. Perry had made sure that Chris gets the newspaper that he reads and had checked twice for the cable connection.
Chris on the other end was in a different world. As his car entered Kingston, he felt as if he was nearer to Sarah. He looked around as the police cars crossed the fields. Just like Kiara, he hoped everything would go as planned. 

Harrison got in the car as soon as it crossed the first gate.
“Mr. Cooper,” he said and held his hand out.
Chris shook his hand and feigned a warm smile. “Harrison, how are you? You look even fitter than I remember.”
Harrison’s face lit up. “Well, thank you.”
There was no talk after that. Chris felt a bit awkward with Harrison around, oblivious to the plan he was a part of. As the car crossed the administrative block, Perry waved at the car.
“Who is he?” 
Harrison turned around towards the backseat. “He is the site in-charge.”
“Is he Perry?” 
“Oh. You know him?” Harrison asked with surprise.
“He keeps sending those daily reports. To be frank, I haven’t read any of those, but the name stuck with me,” Chris said with a smile.
Harrison nodded and looked forward. “So what brings you here, Mr. Cooper?”
Chris looked at the driver. “We will talk about it once we reach the guesthouse.”
Harrison looked in the rearview mirror and nodded. As per Kiara’s plan, Chris had taken Harrison in confidence. He hoped the rest of the plan went as decided.

“Has he arrived?” Kiara asked.
“Yes. He must have reached the guesthouse by now. So, what’s next?” Jake asked. He was not leaving any opportunity for asking her the plan.
“Can we talk about it when we meet?” Kiara requested, though her tone was about avoiding the conversation.
“Look, Kiara. If there is something bothering you, you can tell me,” Jake sensed the reason for procrastination.
“I will tell you once we meet,” Kiara repeated herself.
“OK, when is that going to happen?”
“Let’s meet for lunch?” she proposed.
“I can’t come. Harrison’s orders.” 
“OK, then dinner it is,” Kiara said.
Kiara kept the phone in her jeans back pocket and looked at her watch. It was almost ten o’clock. She again browsed through the news section, but still nothing was there.

Harrison walked Chris till the door. Chris looked at the car which was at a fair distance from them now. He turned towards Harrison.
“As you know, I am under a lot of pressure due to this acquisition by Morgan. Right now, my only aim is to avoid any controversies.” 
“Is there something about the factory that is bothering you?” Harrison asked.
“I suspect the government is trying to find ways to sabotage this deal. They want to harm our business interests and the factory is the one under their lenses,” Jake said gently. “They may try to find ways to collect evidence against us. Something that they can produce in court and that could help them to shut the factory down. Once the factory is out, share prices will tank and we will be left with only one option: to negotiate with them, a negotiation that will result in them taking over the factory in return of our freedom.”
Harrison did not say anything. He wanted to tell something but was not so sure.
“What do you want from me, Mr. Cooper?” he asked instead.
“We have been friends for long, Harrison. Have you noticed anything different over here in the last few days?” Chris asked and looked into his eyes.
Harrison hesitated. “I don’t think so.”
“Are you sure? Because I heard that the government is trying to find data against our factory.  That can’t happen from the outside. Someone has to come inside to collect the information. And no one can come inside without your permission.”
Harrison was in a fix—his loyalty was being challenged. He thought for a moment. Chris kept looking at his face, expecting something.
“Maybe you are talking about the girl, a college student who is here for her summer project,” he tried to take the safe path.
“Why would you let someone come inside for a project when we are in a crisis?” Chris asked with a tinge of anger.
“Frankly, Mr. Cooper, she is related to one of my superiors and I could not turn down his request,” Harrison tried to cover his mistake. “You should not worry about it, though. She will leave in a couple of weeks and I have instructed her to visit the factory only twice a week.”
“Who does she meet inside the factory?” he asked, ignoring Harrison’s reassurance.
“Perry … the factory in-charge we saw while coming here,” Harrison replied. “Don’t worry. He is very loyal to Cooper Industries.”
“We can’t trust anyone in this situation,” Chris said while looking around. “I want to meet this girl, the college student. Want to see if she is up to something.” 
“Oh, Mr. Cooper. She is just a normal student. You shouldn’t fret over it,” Harrison tried one last time.
“I can’t take any risks. I want to see her for myself. Tell her to meet me tomorrow nine o’clock,” Chris gave the ultimatum.
Harrison nodded and cursed Kiara. She had put doubts in Chris’s mind and challenged his loyalty towards Chris.
“Anything else, Mr. Cooper?” 
“Yes … who escorts her to the factory? One of your men?” 
“Yes,” Harrison answered.
“OK. I need him to escort her when she is here. Our lab lies on the road from administrative block to here. I don’t want her to stray.”
“No issues, Mr. Cooper. I will bring her here myself,” Harrison offered.
Chris was taken aback for a moment. Harrison could spoil his plan.
“No, let the same guy come with her. I need to talk to him about the girl’s behavior and if she’s stranded somewhere in the previous trips.”
“Very well, Mr. Cooper. Anything else?” Harrison asked conceding to his demands.
“Nothing as of now. I will let you know,” Chris said and turned around.
Harrison was his trusted aide for years. In fact, he got Harrison transferred twice to his factory locations so that everything remained in his control. But now, Chris had to betray him. Anyhow, in the bigger picture everything else besides Sarah’s safety meant nothing to him.

Chapter 11

By evening, all the news channels had started flashing news about Chris’s visit to Kingston. In normal circumstances, it would not have made the news. But with the acquisition by Morgan and Sarah being kidnapped while on her way to Kingston, everyone wanted a bite.
One person who was pleased with the development was Kiara. Everything was going as per her plan. The kidnappers must have been impatient with no development from her side. But with Chris in Kingston and her having access to the factory, they would have become sure that she would be able to meet him. Maybe they will send her another message, a message that could help her find clues about their existence. 
She browsed through one of the websites to check if the news carried everything that she had told Chris to send to the media.
As per our reliable sources, Chris Cooper of Cooper Industries—which was recently embroiled in a major controversy—has left his trip to Portland midway. There is no news of his whereabouts, but it is being speculated that he might be headed to Kingston. Kingston, as you are aware, houses the Cooper Chemicals main plant. The timing of the visit is being suspected as something to do with the recent news of malpractice by Cooper Industries. It should also be noted that there was news of the kidnapping of one Miss Sarah Edwards, who was a part of the rehabilitation plan for Kingston funded by Cooper Industries. The important thing to note is that Miss Edwards was kidnapped in Portland on her way to Kingston.
As expected, Cooper Industries have denied all these reports. As per them, Mr. Cooper is headed to New York and has asked for some privacy, though our sources say he is on a three-day visit to Kingston.
Kiara pumped her fist. She had thrown the bait for the kidnappers and she knew reading about the length of his trip, they will be eager to make contact as soon as possible.

Chris had not made any contact with Kiara as per the plan. Kiara hoped that he had convinced Harrison. Maybe Harrison had informed Jake about it. She thought of calling Jake to confirm but knew that he was already a bit angered by her indifference. Also, they had planned to have dinner together. 

As the last rays of the sun left and the cold of the evening started to make its presence felt, Kiara’s heart started to beat faster. She was expecting the message any moment. She looked at the clock. It was almost seven. She did not want Paul to deliver the message in front of Jake. He was not aware of the plan and she did not want Paul to get scared.
To avoid any such mishap, she came out to the porch. She pulled one of the chairs and looked at Paul’s house. Paul used to come home around this time. She did not want to go inside the house and face Paul’s mother and sister. She was always uncomfortable in such situations, not knowing what to say. 
After fifteen minutes or so, the cold started to make an impact. She thought of getting a blanket. As she turned around, she heard the sound of tires on the gravel. Her fear had come true: Jake had come before Paul.
She thought of getting inside before he came, lest he gets any ideas that she was waiting for him. Before she could turn around, she noticed something. The motorcycle did not stop in the street. It kept coming her way till she was blinded by the headlights. She covered her eyes with her hands.
“Can you turn the headlights down?” she shouted.
There was no response from the other side, but in a moment he turned the lights off. Before Kiara could adjust to the darkness, he had come to her. She took a step back and looked at him. He was wearing a ski mask. This time the message was coming directly to her.
“What do you want?” she asked, though she knew there was not going to be any response.
He put his hands in his jacket pocket, alarming her a bit. She clenched her fists anticipating an attack. Before she could make a move, he pulled out a pouch from his pocket. She could not understand and kept looking at it. He opened the pouch and pulled out a phone. 
He dialed a number and put it inside the pouch so that Kiara could not see the number. He handed it over to her and gestured her to sit down. As Kiara sat down, he pulled a chair next to her.
“Hello,” she said as softly as she could.
“He is in Kingston. Meet him and tell him about Sarah,” a raspy voice came from the other side. Kiara tried, but was not able to recognize it.
“But the news says that it may be a rumor,” she replied with all honesty.
“No, he is inside the factory. Don’t waste my time or Sarah will suffer,” he said firmly.
“What should I tell him? What are your demands?” she asked, hoping to get something out of him.
“Just tell him what you know. You will be informed about the next steps when it’s needed,” he ordered her.
“Is Sarah okay?” 
“She is alive, but not for long. Either he pays for his sins or she has to pay,” he said and disconnected.
“Hello? Hello,” Kiara tried in vain.
The messenger got the clue and snatched the pouch from her. With that, he got up and started walking towards the motorcycle.
Kiara followed him. “What do you want?”
He did not pay heed to it, but Kiara was relentless. “Who are you?” 
He was about to reach the motorcycle when she took hold of his arm. “At least tell me whether she is safe.”
The messenger had it enough by now. He clenched his fist and pushed her without even turning. She stumbled a bit, but did not let go of his arm. He looked at her. She could see his eyes turning red with anger. She knew he was going to attack her. To safeguard her identity, she had to take the blow. She closed her eyes as he punched her on the left cheek. Everything went blank for a moment as she fell back. She heard the sound of the engine and got on her feet. A streak of anger ran down her face. She grabbed the flower pot and was on the verge of hitting him from behind, when she remembered who she was to this man. She grunted in frustration and threw the flower pot away. 
By the time she looked back, he had left in the dark of the night. She could hear the sound of tires screeching past the street for some time before she realized the pain on her face as the cold wind hit it. The punch could have broken her nose to pieces, had she not turned her face aside in time. The bruise on her face however was going to last a week or so, she thought.
She walked towards the porch, keeping a hand on her face. As she entered, she heard the sound of a motorcycle again. The anger that she had controlled somehow resurfaced. This time she was going to forget about her plan. She grabbed the flower pot and hid it behind her back. 
However, the sounds stopped a few feet behind the entrance in the street. She heaved a sigh and kept the flower pot at its place. She pulled the chair and almost fell on it. The pain had now travelled to her whole face. 
As Jake walked towards the porch, he was surprised at her sight. He looked around—no one was there and Kiara was not one to admire the beauty of the night, especially when her mind was into something else. As he reached closer, he saw her swollen face. It took him a moment to digest everything.
“What happened here?” He kept the food parcel aside.
“Did a motorcycle pass you while coming here?” Kiara said with great difficulty.
“Who was that?” he asked immediately.
“He was the messenger,” she replied in a frail voice.
“What?” Jake screamed and turned around. “I better catch him. We will have all of this sorted out tonight.”
“Don’t do that,” Kiara said with all her strength. “You will spoil the plan.”
“What?” he threw his arms in the air. “Is getting a beating from a thug part of your plan?”
“Don’t get angry,” she said while grimacing in pain. “Let’s go inside. I’m getting cold.”
Jake felt insulted, but now was not the time to show his emotions. He gave a loud grunt and picked the food packets. 


“You need some help there,” he asked, looking at her face.
“No, I am fine,” Kiara said. Jake knew she was not going to take any help from him. It was best to forget about her injury and treat everything normal. He took a deep breath and looked at her.
“What happened?” he asked, pointing towards the porch.
“He brought the message from the kidnapper,” she said with great difficulty.
“What message?”
“He wants me to meet Chris and tell him whatever I know.”
“That’s it,” Jake said with surprise. He could not believe Kiara let the messenger leave even after getting nothing in the message.
“He is not willing to display his cards yet,” she said while pressing her jaw.
“And why did the messenger get pissed off?” he asked while shaking his head in disbelief.
“I provoked him,” she answered.
“So you went after him, but stopped me from doing so?” He was unable to understand Kiara’s intentions. “Have you lost trust in me?”
“I just wanted to hear his voice.”
“What?”
Kiara took a deep breath.  “I can understand him not showing his face. Why he doesn’t speak.”
“Why?”
“Because, he’s someone we know.”
Jake understood what Kiara meant. In fact, he dropped his guard a bit after understanding why Kiara took a blow knowingly. “Who could he be? Did you notice anything else?”
 “He drives a motorcycle with a Portland-registered number,” Kiara said.
“That’s great. We can trace the motorcycle and then our man. What’s the number?”
“I could not see it in the dark. Paul had noticed it earlier. Even he doesn’t remember the number. Can’t we trace the motorcycles having Portland numbers?” 
Jake’s enthusiasm evaporated. “It can be anyone. People from town work in Portland and visit here sometimes. Lots of people from Portland work in the factory too.”
Kiara nodded. “We don’t have a clue yet, then.” 
“What about the boss?” 
“I don’t think I know him,” Kiara answered. “But he’s someone who knows what is happening inside the factory. Can be someone working inside or maybe our messenger works in the factory and feeds him the information.”
“Did he say anything about why he was doing this?” 
“He said something about the sins for which Chris has to pay.” 
“Again a dead end, huh?” Jake said with disappointment. “This guy is good.”
“Or maybe scared. One clue and we will catch him.”
Jake nodded and looked at the food. “Let’s have the dinner,” he proposed.
She was not in a mood to eat but had to eat at Jake’s insistence. He had come with lots of questions, the biggest one being the change in Kiara’s attitude towards him. However, now was not the right time.
Kiara felt a bit better after eating. The warmth of the room also comforted her a bit.
“I better get a painkiller.” 
Jake nodded. “You better take some rest. Anyway, you will be coming to the factory tomorrow. Let’s catch up there.”
“No, wait. I’ll be back in a minute.”
“No, it’s fine.” 
“Can you keep your ego aside for a minute? Let me explain everything,” Kiara said from the bedroom.
Kiara’s words pinched him. He would have confronted her any other day, but he had to control his emotions today. The only thing that he could do was to kick the table.
“What happened?” Kiara asked while coming out. 
“Nothing,” Jake said while looking at the table.
Kiara noticed how Jake was trying to avoid looking at her. “So, you don’t like my face now?” she teased him.
“Don’t be stupid,” Jake said. “You want my help and keep me out of the most important aspects of your plan. Am I just one of your pawns?”
“You can be an ass sometimes, Jake Carter.” Kiara sat opposite him. Jake looked at her with anger. “You’ve known me for some time now. You should know that I am not a person who could do that to anyone.”
Jake heaved a sigh. “Can you be clearer?”
“Please hear me fully before being judgmental,” Kiara said, making Jake’s life even more miserable. He just nodded.
“I’ve revealed my identity to Chris,” Kiara said as softly as possible.
“What?” Jake almost yelled. “Are you out of your mind?”
“That’s why I did not tell you in advance,” Kiara complained. “I know you will not understand. You won’t even let me finish.”
“OK … Please tell me everything. I won’t disturb you again,” Jake said in exasperation.
Kiara took a deep breath. “You promise?”
“Cross my heart.” 
“I couldn’t have earned his trust without telling him everything—” 
“He caught your act, didn’t he?” Jake interrupted again.
“Yes,” Kiara said sheepishly. “Also I need to earn his trust.”
Jake nodded and smiled.
“So, the plan is simple. Chris is here for three days and that has made Sarah’s captor restless. They want me to meet him immediately. To ensure that I could meet him without any interference, I’ve told Chris to ask Harrison to let me meet him—” she said but was again cut off by Jake.
“That’s why Harrison asked me to take you to meet him tomorrow after the factory visit,” he said excitedly.
“Yes, and I insisted on you being called along with me, partner.” She smiled.
Now it was Jake’s turn to give a sheepish smile. “I understand now.”
“Once we meet him, we will ask him everything related to the case. Maybe we will get some clue,” she added.
“That will help, I guess,” Jake responded. 
“Now you understand why I did not tell you in advance?” she said firmly.
“The painkiller is working now, isn’t it?” Jake teased her.
“But the pain has now shifted from my face to my head,” Kiara mocked him making him smile. 
“You got to get some sleep. The bruise is going to hurt more tomorrow,” Jake suggested.
“I need to be ready with some explanation,” she said. “Harrison won’t miss this.”
“Shall I stay for the night?” Jake offered, knowing beforehand the answer.
“I’m okay. This is not the first time. Don’t treat me like your delicate friends,” Kiara said with a hint of anger.
“OK, nine o’clock tomorrow then,” Jake said and got up.
“Just keep an eye around. I won’t be surprised if they are following you too,” Kiara said while opening the door.
Jake nodded. “I will. You take care.”
The painkiller showed its effect within minutes. Kiara felt as if she was going to doze off on the couch. She dragged herself to the bedroom and was in a deep sleep within two minutes.

The one person for whom the night was the longest was Chris. He was feeling so helpless. All his money and power were not enough to ensure Sarah’s safety. 
He tried to get his mind off by watching television, but after a while it was all white noise. The only thing passing through his mind was a betrayal of the trust that Sarah had in him. 
He turned the television off and thought of catching some sleep, though he knew sleep was going to elude him. It had been days since he had last slept properly and now it had become a habit of sorts. 
He was about to turn the lights off when his phone rang. He looked at the familiar number and took a deep breath.
“Hi, Dad,” he said softly.
“At least you could have told me.” William Cooper was really angry.
“You were busy. I left a note with Jeremy,” he explained.
“You should have called me. Anyhow, is this related to that girl’s kidnapping?” 
Chris took a moment to answer, “Yes.”
“Come on, Chris. Be practical. I need you here right now. We have so many contracts to close. You asked for three days, I gave you that.” 
“You won’t understand, Dad. I have ruined everything—the company, Sarah’s life … everything. This is the least I can do,” he said in an apologetic voice.
“How long will you keep blaming yourself?” William Cooper mellowed down a bit. “These things happen.”
There was a momentary silence.
“I miss you,” William Cooper said. “I can’t do this myself. Everything about the company reminds me of your mother. It’s really painful to part from it.”
“It’s equally difficult for me also, Dad.” 
There was a momentary silence again. “When are you coming back?” 
“Give me two more days. I think I have a lead in Sarah’s case.” 
“What lead?” 
“The kidnappers are trying to negotiate. They haven’t told what they want, but I believe knowing that I am here, they may reach out to me.”
“I know how much that girl means to you. But before caving into their demands, make sure the news doesn’t leak out. We are already in trouble. I don’t want something new to waste my energies on,” William said in a stern voice.
“Don’t worry, Dad. I will take care of that,” Chris assured him. “Please tell Jeremy to handle the media for two more days.”
“Don’t worry about that. You take care.”
“Thanks, Dad.”
Chris was glad that he negotiated William well. Knowing his father, he knew he had only two days. If he doesn’t leave on the third day, William would be here. He closed his eyes and tried to get everything out of his mind for some time.

Kiara woke up to a swollen face. The pain had subsided, but the bruise was more prominent now. The area around it had turned black. She grunted while looking at it. She remembered how her mother always used to tell her that a girl should always avoid playing outdoors in the sun. She would have freaked out looking at her daughter’s face now. 
She looked at the clock: seven thirty. Today was the big day. She had to hide the mark as much as possible under the makeup. The thought of using makeup made her shiver. She never liked the glammed-up face of hers. However, she had no choice today.
She got ready and tried to hide the bruise as much as possible. She could make it less visible, but there was no way that anybody could ignore it. She put on her shades, but that made her look even more ridiculous. Finally, she decided to do away with it. Anyhow, her work was much more important than her face.
She thought of stopping by at Elmo’s place, but she was getting late. Also, with her face, Margaret was going to ask a hundred questions. She found some rice left from the night and pushed it inside her mouth somehow.
As she came out, Paul was waiting for her. 
“Shall we go?” he said while getting up. “Are you sure you don’t want to wait for the breakfast?
She nodded and walked towards the van.
“What happened to you?” he asked while adjusting the rearview mirror.
“I slipped in the bathroom. Does it look really bad?” she asked and waited for his response. She feared the bruise may act as a spoilsport.
“Not much,” he said while staring at the bruise. “How did that happen? I got the flooring done last year. It shouldn’t be that slippery.” 
“It’s my slippers, not the tiles.” she tried to end the conversation.
Paul nodded and started the engine. “You heard the news? The butcher is in town,” he said with a hint of anger.
Kiara was little taken aback by his choice of words.
“Wow! You’re really angry.” 
“Shouldn’t I be?” he asked with question-filled eyes.
Kiara nodded. “So how is your sister?”
“She’s seen better days,” he said ruefully. “The doctor says she’s stable.”
“That’s good. She is a nice kid,” Kiara said and looked outside.
There were more souls on the main street than usual. She looked at her watch. It was almost nine, but the factory bus was not in sight.
“What’s happening?” she asked while pointing at the crowd.
“Well, they are thinking of staging a protest outside the factory. Even the factory has not sent the shift bus out of fear.” 
“I don’t think he is here. It’s just some rumors,” she said, thinking of the effect of a mob on her plan.
“We will come to know once the shift changes. Our people from the night shift will come once the day shift starts. They will tell us everything.” 
Kiara heaved a sigh of relief. Apart from Perry, no one was aware of Chris’s arrival. She hoped that no one noticed the police car carrying him.

Jake had arrived at the office early. However, he could not beat Harrison. As soon as he arrived, he saw the other two agents in his office. He also rushed towards the office.
He thought Harrison was going to scold him on his late arrival, but Harrison had something else on his mind. He nodded as Jake entered and gestured him to take a seat.
“I have received information that the locals may create some trouble today, though they are still not sure if Mr. Cooper is here. We need to use it as an advantage. I need you three to concentrate on this for the coming three days and nothing else,” he said and got up.
He walked in front of the table and looked at them.
“Jake will keep an eye inside the factory. No one should come near the guesthouse,” he said and turned towards Jake. “You should be inside till the evening shift ends. You will only come out to escort the girl once Mr. Cooper is through with her.”
Jake nodded. “Yes, sir.” He was happy that he now had official permission to stay with Chris as long as he wanted.
“I think you should leave now,” Harrison said while pointing at the main door. Kiara was looking around for him.
Jake looked at her and got up. As he was about to pull the door, he was stopped by Harrison.
“Keep an eye on her. We don’t want to create a bad impression. He’s already angry about her presence.” 
“Don’t worry, sir,” Jake assured him. By now, he was an expert in lying in front of Harrison.
He came out and could hear Harrison ordering Arthur to keep an eye on the main street and Charles to keep the media off. He smiled at his luck. On any other day Harrison would have given him the most insignificant of jobs, the worst being roaming around the main street avoiding the piercing gaze of the locals. Anybody could get suspicious by such behavior. But Harrison was the boss and did not want to hear anything but “yes.”
“So what’s your boss up to?” Kiara asked.
“Oh. He’s covering all bases. No one comes in and no one goes out,” he smiled and looked at her face. “How’s the pain?”
“Is it that visible?” 
“Well, it’s a nasty bruise,” he said while looking at her face. “You’ve done a good job though covering it.”
“Great. Let’s go. Your friend Perry must be waiting,” she said while pushing the door.

Chapter 12

Perry was walking anxiously in front of the administration block. Kiara looked at Jake who lifted his brow, showing his ignorance about Perry’s demeanor. As soon as Perry saw Kiara, he came running towards them.
“You have put me in a difficult position.” He looked at Kiara. “What happened to your face?”
Kiara took a deep breath. “I slipped in the bathroom. You were saying about the difficult position you are in?”
Perry shook his head. “Yes … Mr. Cooper wants to see you. He wants to know what you are up to.”
“Jake told me about it. Why are you so worried? As far I am concerned, there is nothing wrong with the factory,” she said calmly.
“It’s not about the factory. It’s about my authority. I should have not allowed you here. He has come specially to check if you have taken any data that can show the factory in a negative light,” he said in one breath.
“But there are no data like that. Is there?” Kiara steered the discussion in the direction she wanted it to.
“No … no. Of course not,” Perry said immediately though the sweat drops glistening on his forehead told another story.
Jake was looking at them with amusement. For the first time, he noticed how Kiara made Perry uncomfortable without him knowing where she was leading him.
“I wanted to go to the lab and see how they are collecting the samples,” Kiara teased him further. “It’s also on the way to the guesthouse.”
“There is nothing to be seen in the lab. I’ve already shown you the lab reports,” Perry said angrily.
“I just wanted to see how they collect the samples,” she pressed harder.
“What is with collecting the samples?” Perry said at once. “There are four points from where samples come: the raw material sample to check quality, the final product sample, the waste disposal plant, and the gas chimney.”
“Let me note this down.” Kiara pretended to take notes. “I have never seen a factory from inside.”
“OK … when and if you come next time, I will show you the factory,” Perry said in exasperation.
“I actually wanted to see the waste disposal unit,” she said. “I’ve heard it is cutting edge.”
Any other time Perry would have felt pride listening to Kiara’s words, but the mere mention of waste disposal unit sent a shiver down his spine. “No,” he almost shouted before realizing he was too loud. “I mean, you should see the factory. You should have practical knowledge of the processes that you have read in your books. It is going to help you in your career, not the waste disposal unit.”
Kiara nodded. “Maybe you’re right.”
“Perry is right. I have been to the factory couple of times. It is indeed one of its kind.” Jake tried to massage Perry’s ego.
Perry looked at her. “He’s right. You are a smart kid. When you meet Mr. Cooper today, don’t tell him your wish list; just tell him whatever I have taught you.”
Perry’s face had turned red and his words were not helping either. Both Kiara and Jake were trying hard to control their laughter.
Kiara nodded her head. “Yes sir, you have taught me well.”
Perry looked at Jake and gestured him to follow him. Kiara looked at them while they walked towards the corner of the building.
“Though I think she is harmless, you need to keep an eye on her,” he said in a low voice.
“What do you mean?” Jake pretended to know nothing.
“She may not be that smart, but she’ll try to impress Mr. Cooper. It’s her only chance to meet such a big man in person,” he said. “What if he likes her and gives her a job at the factory?”
“So that’s your fear?” Jake said while looking at Kiara, who smiled at him. Jake ignored her for a moment.
“Yes, and the way she asked questions to me today.” 
“What about that?”
“The waste disposal unit is the center of controversy. I don’t want her to mention it in front of him,” Perry said.
“Don’t worry. I won’t let that happen.”
With that, they walked towards Kiara.
“I’ve told Jake to take you safely to the guesthouse,” Perry tried to cover their conversation unsuccessfully.
“Don’t worry, sir. I won’t let you down,” Kiara said and looked at Jake who was standing behind Perry, covering his face.
Perry nodded and turned towards him. Now it was Kiara’s turn to stifle a laugh. Perry patted on Jake’s shoulder and turned towards the admin building. 
As soon as he entered inside, Jake punched Kiara’s shoulder lightly.
“What?” she said while laughing.
“’Don’t worry, sir. I won’t let you down,’” Jake mocked her.
Both started laughing. After a minute or so, Jake held Kiara’s arm and started walking towards the guesthouse.
“If someone sees us, our act will be up,” he said while trying to control his laughter.
“He is so funny when he tries to boss me around,” Kiara said while holding her stomach.
“You were right,” Jake said while controlling his laugh.
“About what?” Kiara asked. The smile left her face.
“There is something fishy about the waste disposal unit. Perry was worried about you mentioning it to Chris.” 
“I think they’re manipulating the results in the lab or worse, they’re not even collecting the samples.” 
“I also think so,” Jake said and looked at his watch. “We should leave immediately. Chris must be waiting for us.”
Kiara nodded. “I’d forgotten about it with all the commotion that Perry created.”
Jake punched her again. “Don’t start it again. I’ve somehow controlled myself.”
“But Perry sir has taught me well,” Kiara said softly. Jake looked at her and both started laughing again as they walked towards the guesthouse.

This was the first time that Kiara had gone beyond the admin block. They turned right after crossing the road behind the block from where Kiara could see the factory chimneys spewing the smoke.
“That’s the main factory,” Jake pointed at the large complex.
“What are those?” Kiara pointed at the sheds behind the factory.
“They store the raw material there and those conveyors carry them inside the plant.” 
“It’s complicated.”
“Maybe, though I heard all the operations are automated with much less manual intervention.”
Kiara nodded and looked at a small block on the left. 
“So, that’s the lab.” She smiled while scanning the building.
“Yeah. Harrison has specifically instructed me to keep you away from it,” he said and held her from her arm.
“I guess Chris would have told him that,” she said while getting away.
“So much for gaining his trust,” Jake looked at her.
“I don’t believe this. You’re still mad at me for telling everything to Chris?” she asked, shaking her head in disbelief.
“It’s just that I don’t think that was the right way to earn his trust. Now he knows that the government is planning to get proof against him,” he said and stopped. “What if Carlson comes to know that you’ve blown your own cover?”
“He won’t come to know even if someone tells him about it.”
“What?”
“If everything goes as planned, the government may not even need the proof,” she said calmly.
“You have a plan for everything. What is this one now?” 
“Don’t worry. You will see for yourself. More than a plan, it’s the outcome of what we are doing now,” she tried to explain. By now her words frustrated him instead of raising his curiosity. He threw his arms in the air and started walking. Kiara followed suit.

“That’s our place.” Jake pointed towards a huge gate. “Behold yourself to meet the most eligible bachelor in the country.”
Kiara looked at him and raised her eyebrows.
The security guard already had the instructions. He looked at them and then towards his watch. “You are late. Follow me.”
Kiara rolled her eyes at his words and looked around. A dozen or so people were working around: some in the garden, some sweeping the path, and a couple of them washing the cars. Everything looked at its place. The daisies were blooming; gold fish were swimming around in crystal clear water. They looked much happier than anyone she had met in the town. The walls looked as if painted yesterday. In short, she was going to meet a guy who had been away from ground reality for so long that maybe he did not understand the cause of the common man. 
The security guard left them at the main door in front of the line of swanky cars. Jake looked at them with admiration, while Kiara thought of it as showing off.
As they pushed the glass door, they felt as if they had entered a five-star hotel lobby.
“You must be Kiara?” a soft voice came from the right.
“I am here to meet Chris … I mean Mr. Cooper,” she said while looking at the impeccably dressed man.
“Please follow me. He has been waiting for you for half an hour,” he said while looking at his watch.
“Punctuality is in their blood,” Jake said in her ear.
 “Maybe he considers it as another business transaction.” 
There was a conference room at the other end of the hall. 
“Mr. Cooper is inside,” he said and went back to the reception.
“Why do they have to leave us at the door?” she said in frustration.
“Because, their job is to show us the path and not the destination.” 
“Very philosophical. Will you now be a gentleman and open the door?” 
Jake pushed the door and stepped aside.
“Good afternoon,” a voice came from the other end of the room as the door opened.
A man in the early thirties wearing a suit looked at them. There was sharpness in his blue eyes that Kiara had rarely seen.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Cooper,” she replied. He got up as they reached him. He was six feet tall and had an athletic physique. He was exactly opposite of what she had hoped for. Need to read more business news, she reminded herself.
“So, what’s the update? Any messages from the kidnappers?” Chris shot a question without losing any time.
“Actually, yes,” Kiara said, pointing at the bruise on her face. “I had a visit yesterday.”
“Oh … I am terribly sorry,” he said, though she did not find the warmth in those words. “What did he say?”
“Well, the message was to tell you to be ready,” she said while looking at Jake. “They don’t know that you know me. They just wanted me to meet you and tell the whole thing. Maybe once you are prepared mentally, they will talk about the ransom.”
“I understand. What’s the plan now?” Chris asked. Kiara was finding it difficult to answer the volley of questions. Chris indeed was treating it as a business deal, asking questions after questions. She looked at Jake, who was looking around the room.
“Mr. Cooper … don’t mind my saying this, but do you understand the seriousness of the situation? It’s not a deal of yours. There are no defined steps. We don’t know what we are going to do next and whether that will have the desired result,” Kiara said firmly.
Both Jake and Chris looked at her together.
Chris took a deep breath. “I am really sorry. It is just that I am used to taking charge of things. The past few days have been very traumatic. First Sarah left without notice, and then suddenly the news of her kidnapping came. I know a lot of people in the government. They assured me their full support, but nothing happened. I came to Portland, but the police was not even able to find a single clue. With your help, I got a ray of hope. I just want to be sure about everything that’s happening. I can feel Sarah is somewhere around and that feeling is making me even more frustrated.”
Kiara nodded. “I understand. That’s common among the close ones of the victim. It’s really hard to trust anyone or any plan. But still, you need to be patient.”
With that, she pulled her chair near to him. “Mr. Cooper, we are at the mercy of the kidnapper. We don’t know who is behind all of this. They haven’t left any clues.”
“So we have to just sit and wait for the ransom call?” Chris said in frustration.
“No, we don’t have to,” Kiara said. “Mr. Cooper, we suspect that the people involved are someone known to Sarah and maybe you also know them personally. They are not talking to us directly, which points towards that suspicion. Also, we feel that maybe they have local support with all the damage the factory has done to the town.”
“There is no damage. They have jobs. I know you want something that could show us in a poor light,” Chris said angrily.
“Let’s park that aside for the time being. We need to discuss Sarah first.” 
 “What do you want to know?” Chris asked softly.
“We want to know everything that happened between the time you met Sarah and the time she left you, everything: any discussions, anything you have noticed that can throw a clue at us.”
“Some of it is rather confidential,” 
“Not anymore. Someone’s life hangs on it,” Kiara said. “Please don’t hide anything.”
“OK … I will tell you everything about Sarah that I know. Her father was deployed in Iraq. Like Sarah, he was a great advocate of human rights. He lost his life fighting for that,” Chris said and looked at them. “Our project gave her a chance to relive her father’s dream. In fact, she had done a similar project as a part of her college thesis. That was the reason that she was chosen for the project.”
“But the project report cleared you of any wrongdoings?” Jake asked with a hint of anger.
“She had nothing to do with the final report. She was just a researcher. The final report was signed off between Richard and me,” Chris explained.
“Why did the need for the report arise?” Kiara asked. “I want to know what is in this report that made someone take such a drastic step of kidnapping the researcher.”
“See, I don’t know whether these people want some money from me or whether they are just pissed off because of the report. But I will tell you how all of this happened,” Chris said and looked at them.
Jake gestured him to continue.
“Before that, I need to be sure that nothing goes out of this room. This room has jammers. So, none of your electronic devices will work either. If you try to tell the media what I am going to say, you better be prepared for the consequences,” Chris warned them.
“Are you threatening us, Mr. Cooper?” Jake asked.  
“No, I am just being cautious and keeping my end of the bargain,” Chris said and looked at Kiara, who nodded in affirmation. Jake looked at her, not understanding what the bargain was.
“Well, we don’t tell anyone anything he says and he doesn’t tell Carlson and Harrison about us,” she told him, making him a bit angry. 
“You could have at least told me,” Jake said in frustration.
“I thought you will understand,” she said in a low voice.
“Of course I understand now. I don’t have any other choice,” Jake said in a stern voice. 
Chris was looking at them. “Can we continue?” he tried to diffuse the tension.
“I’m okay,” Kiara said and looked at Jake who nodded reluctantly.
“Great … As you know we won a big contract last year. We knew we had created enemies out of those who were vying for the contract as well. And when the financial results came, it added fuel to the fire. We had outgrown our competition by leaps and bounds. The media went after us. They started to witch hunt us.
“During the press conference, one of the reporters started asking questions about our growth and if it had to do something with our allegiance to the government. I usually don’t attend the press conferences. If someone challenges me, I get out of control. My father on the other hand knows how to deal with it. But that day, even his limits were tested. When the reporter started asking questions about how we have destroyed the ecological balance of Kingston, my father’s patience gave up. He left the conference. And then I made a huge mistake.”
“What mistake?” Kiara asked. 
“As I said, I can’t handle anyone questioning my success,” Chris said. “I used my contacts to put pressure on the publication and got that reporter fired.”
Jake looked at Kiara as if telling how they could be the next ones. Kiara raised her brow and gestured him to concentrate.
Chris took a deep breath. “The media was waiting for such a knee-jerk reaction from our side. They just needed us to make one mistake. The next day, the whole media came in support of that reporter. They threatened to go deeper and find more proof against us. Our shares took a tumble and this rattled the board members. They wanted me to give an unconditional apology to the reporter and get this sorted out.”
“And, you declined?” Kiara asked, knowing how he hated conceding to anyone’s demands.
“Initially, yes. But later on, I had to succumb to the board pressure,” Chris said and paused for a moment. “But they did not want a closed-room apology. They wanted me to apologize on national TV.”
“And you were not willing to go that far?” Jake asked.
“Never. In fact, no one will do that. This was something planned by them. They just wanted to hurt us as much as possible.”
“Mr. Cooper. This reporter, you know him personally?” Jake asked.
“We have connections with the owners of the publications, not with individual reporters,” Chris replied.
“We need to do a background check on this reporter,” Kiara suggested and looked at Jake.
“How is that important?” Chris asked.
“Well, I did some research myself and found that the reporter finally apologized to you. So, I believe you used your influence in the end. Maybe he’s pissed off. He may not be the crime boss, but may have hired someone,” Kiara suggested.
“Actually, I did not have to influence anyone,” Chris said. “It’s the old game. If money and power fail individually, mix them together and you will never lose.”
“What did you do?” Jake asked. Kiara had done the research, but she had no clue and was eager to understand how Chris turned the tables.
“You know how the newspapers make money,” he asked. 
“You threatened them to pull out your advertisements.” Kiara understood what Chris meant.
“I did that, but more subtly. I got the news out that we will be spending our entire advertising budget on two publications only,” he said. “The one headed by Richard and Thomas.”
“They were the ones who headed the rehabilitation project as well,” Kiara understood where it was going.
“It was all going well for the media when money was not involved. With this move, one by one all the publications supporting the reporter started to withdraw their support. And finally, his own publication made him withdraw all the charges and give an unconditional apology.”
“Wow! Businessmen are really twisted people,” Jake said with a smile. “What about Richard and Thomas?”
“They still kept a large chunk of the allocated money. And in return, they helped with the report. They are much respected among their fraternity. The panel they created was projected as an independent panel. None of the other publications tried to say anything against it.”
“But the report says there is no need of rehabilitation?” Kiara asked curiously.
“No, it actually says that rehabilitation is needed because of the pollution caused by excessive use of pesticides by locals for farming. See, it’s a gray area. It’s very difficult to predict from where the pesticide in the ground water came from. I had said at the project launch itself that whatever will be the result, I will release the money. So rehabilitation was going to happen even if the report favored me.”
“So you projected yourself as a savior by painting an entirely different picture. That’s really immoral, isn’t it?” Jake questioned.
“I have to run a multibillion-dollar enterprise. It can’t be done without manipulating a few things. I don’t expect you to understand.” 
“Anyhow, I believe we are drifting from the issue at hand. Mr. Cooper, did you receive any threats post the release of the report?” Kiara asked.
“Nothing except the one from Richard,” Chris said with a wry smile. “The day report was released; I had organized a farewell party for the team. By the next morning, all the commotion started.”
“About that … What was the relation between Richard and Sarah like?” Kiara asked.
“I never noticed anything. I met them together only twice during the presentations. I don’t think Richard can be behind the kidnapping. He is too sophisticated to pull something like this,” Chris said with surprise. “Why do you ask?”
“Well, for starters, Richard put everything on Sarah’s head,” Jake responded this time.
“What?” Chris asked with surprise.
“You know that Richard fired Sarah as soon as the news was leaked?” Kiara said.
“No, I don’t. I lost touch with her post that night. Why would he do that?” 
“As per Sarah’s mother, she was the one blamed for stealing the diary. When she resented, she was fired and told to keep a low profile or face consequences,” Kiara said. 
Chris got up and stood behind the chair. “My father also thinks that she was the one who stole the diary and handed it to Richard. But if she had helped Richard, why would he fire her?”
“That’s what we also want to know. That’s why we are keeping Richard under our radar,” Jake said.
Chris nodded. “Anyone else under your radar?”
Kiara looked at Jake, who also hesitated a bit. “Mr. Cooper, did your father know about your affections towards Sarah?”
Chris’s face turned red with anger. “How dare you drag my father into this? Do you even know what you’re saying?” He got up and walked to the door. “I would have to tell you to leave.”
He opened the door and looked at them. Jake shook his head in disbelief. Kiara took a deep breath and got up.
“We’ll leave. Just tell us if your father approved of your affections,” she asked firmly.
“What do you want to prove? My father got her kidnapped because he didn’t like her being close to me,” he said and looked at her furiously.
“Hmm … so he did not like your closeness to her,” she said thoughtfully and gestured Jake to get up. “Well, you know your father more than us. You will know better what he does with people he doesn’t like.”
With that, they approached Chris. “We will see what we can do, Mr. Cooper. It was nice meeting you.”
With that, they started walking towards the hall. 
“Wait!” Chris shouted as they were halfway down the hall. He rushed towards them.
“Why would he do that … my father,” he asked.
Kiara looked at Jake and then at Chris. “When did he come to know that you loved Sarah?” 
“After the kidnapping. I mean he had a general idea. He had seen us having coffee sometimes. Also, I invited her for dinner couple of times. Of course, my father was not there, but he would come to know,” Chris said thoughtfully.
“It fits my theory. As I told you, Sarah’s kidnapping was not pre-planned. Maybe your father came to know that she was going to Kingston with the diary. He got her kidnapped as a knee-jerk reaction. Maybe he intended to eliminate her. Then he saw how devastated you were and realized his mistake. But it was too late. You had already involved the police. So he planned this whole stunt to cover it up as a kidnapping.”
“I still believe he wouldn’t do this even if he did not know about my feelings,” he said but without any confidence. 
Kiara approached him. “These are just theories. I hope I am wrong.”
Chris nodded. “What are you planning now?”
“We need to do get some information about these people, including your father,” she said. “I have a hunch that they will be contacting me one last time. We have to find out at least one person in the whole chain before that. We need to catch them red-handed.”
“I hope it works out,” Chris nodded.
“Don’t worry. We are at the last stage. They have to show their faces now,” she said and shook hands with him.
Chris looked at her, hoping she was right. He had no other options and did not want to leave Kingston empty-handed. He stood there listless thinking about the possibility of his father being part of it. Kiara and Jake knew what Chris had in his mind as they walked towards the main door.

Chapter 13

“What are you thinking?” Jake asked as they came out of the guesthouse.
“We are still missing something,” Kiara said thoughtfully. “Something that is in front of us, but somehow I am not able to put my finger on.”
“Let’s check all these people first,” Jake suggested. “Maybe we can get a clue.”
“You’re right,” she said. “I have my money on Richard.”
“I think the reporter is the key,” Jake said with a smile.
“So, let’s find out. You go ahead with the reporter. I will go after Richard.”
“What about Cooper senior?” Jake asked while pointing towards the guesthouse.
“I don’t think he would have done this. Let me think it over,” she said. “We’ll check on him later.”
Jake nodded and looked at her bruise. “You may get another message today. Please be careful this time.”
“Don’t worry. I don’t think I will go after him again,” Kiara said while running fingers across her face. 
Jake started the motorcycle. Kiara looked at the guesthouse one last time before joining him.

Kiara kept thinking about her theories as she walked towards the main street. Everyone had a motive behind Sarah’s kidnapping. However, she still felt that none of them had anything to do with a ransom. The reporter, maybe, but it was a long shot. Richard could do it to save his ass. William Cooper could have done it to stop Sarah till the takeover was finalized. But none of them had a reason to involve her in it. If the diary pages were sent to her, then there was a reason behind it.
She crossed the main street and did not see anything unusual. In the morning, she had felt as if some riot was going to happen, but it was all fine now. Maybe no one had noticed Chris going inside after all. 
As she was about to turn towards Paul’s house, she heard a honk. She turned around. It was Jake.
“Come with me,” he said while pointing towards the backseat of his motorcycle.
“What’s happening?” 
“I’ll tell later,” he insisted.
Kiara looked around. No one was in the vicinity. She was really confused—what had happened in the last half hour? Jake started driving towards his house. 
“What’s happening?” Kiara shouted.
“Not here,” he replied.
Kiara could not understand what was happening. Quite a few people noticed them while passing the old hospital road. Kiara avoided any eye contact. She already knew there were rumors of her dating Jake and did not want to add fuel to fire. It took them ten more minutes before they reached their destination and by then, Kiara had thought of a hundred possibilities of the failure of her plan.
 Jake stopped the motorcycle in front of his door. Kiara got off while he went to the back of the house and parked it.
“What’s happening?” Kiara asked as he fiddled for his house keys.
“Let’s get inside,” he said while opening the door.
He closed all the drapes and switched on the lights.
“The reporter who went after Cooper Industries now works for Richard. He joined a day after Richard threatened to blackmail the Coopers,” Jake said making Kiara jump from her seat. “Not only that, he was in Portland the same day Sarah was kidnapped. He left in the afternoon.” 
“Are you saying Richard is behind all of this?” Kiara asked.
“I think so. The person behind this knows everything about the report and also knows everything about the diary,” he said. “Richard had also accompanied Sarah during her visit to Kingston.”
“We need to get a list of people he met that day,” she added.
“Well, he stayed back with Harrison, while Sarah and Kevin went inside.”
“Who’s Kevin?”
“He’s another guy who drafted the project report along with Sarah.”
Kiara nodded. “We need to get this Kevin guy also checked.”
Jake nodded. “Will do that.”
Kiara started walking across the room. Jake looked at her. “What are you thinking?”
“We need to get our hands on the local connection as soon as possible. He’s the only piece of the puzzle that is going to help us. All the other pieces are in New York.”
“There is one other thing,” Jake said with hesitation.
“What?” Kiara asked. Jake took a moment to collect his thoughts making her nervous. “Say it. Have I done anything wrong?” she asked further.
“Harrison did not like your meeting with Chris. It undermines his authority,” he said. “He’s planning to tell Carlson about it.”
Kiara approached him. “Why would he do that?”
“As per him, Chris has seen you. Had you been working in the background, he had no issues. But now he feels you should not be here. He felt the meeting with Chris to be very long. He suspects Chris has got something against you. Otherwise, he would not have grilled you for so long.”
“Oh … when do I leave?”
“I have convinced him not to call Carlson till Chris is in town,” Jake said softly. “I feel you have at max two days here.”
“That would be enough for me. I am expecting a last message today.”
Jake looked at her. “How could you be so calm?”
“First thing is to ensure Sarah’s safety. I will deal with my issues when the time comes,” Kiara said. “This reporter. Can you get his call records? I need to check who he called that day. Maybe our messenger will get a name.”
“Let me see what I can do,” Jake said, still not able to believe Kiara’s reaction.
“It’s getting dark. I should leave. Don’t want to miss the message,” Kiara said and got up.
“Would you mind if I am by your side tonight? I may notice something that could identify this guy,” he knew Kiara did not need any help from him, but he wanted to ensure her safety.
“You can’t come face to face with him,” Kiara agreed. 
“Of course,” Jake said immediately and took out his keys. 

Kiara’s mind wandered as they drove past the cottages. What exactly did the kidnapper want? If it was money, they would have said so by now. What was so secretive about this whole thing? They had to finally ask for something and even if they get it and hand over Sarah, she will tell their names to the police. So, it was not as if they had a safe passage. What was their plan after all?
Her mind was running when Jake pressed the brakes. The entire path was full of water.
“I have to park here,” he said and looked at her dull face. “What happened?”
“Nothing,” Kiara said while getting off.
She kept walking while looking down.
“What’s going on?” he asked while patting her shoulder.
“I’m not able to figure out what they want.” 
“It has to be money,” Jake replied.
“But, that will leave a trail up to them. They have planned everything carefully. Why would they want to get caught in the end?” 
“So you are thinking about the mode of money transfer.” 
Kiara looked at him. “No I wasn’t, but now I am. Thanks.”
“What?”
“They can’t take the money directly. So how do they intend to get it transferred?” she asked.
“No idea. Let’s wait for the message,” Jake suggested as they entered the porch. Paul was sitting while reading something. He got up as he looked at Jake.
“Hey, Paul. What’s happening?” Kiara asked with a smile.
“Is everything all right?” Paul asked while looking at Jake.
“Oh … we are working on the project. Just thought of having dinner together,” Kiara replied.
Paul did not say anything and instead went inside the house. Kiara looked at him and then towards Jake.
“The police sure have made a good impression on the citizens,” she said while opening the lock.
“Don’t blame me. It’s all Harrison,” Jake replied.
Kiara looked at him and gestured him to get inside.
“You want some water?” she asked as Jake sat down.
“No, I’m good,” he replied. “What if they don’t want money?”
“What do you mean?” Kiara asked while pulling a bottle out of the refrigerator.
“I mean, if Richard is actually behind this and his intention is just to stop Sarah from releasing the documents before the takeover is finalized.” 
“So why would he contact me and why would he want me to speak to Chris?” she asked while walking towards him.
Jake moved his fingers across his forehead. “Maybe the reporter wants to teach Chris a lesson and also wants to warn you against going Sarah’s way. Maybe, Richard and the reporter have different motives.”
“As you said, this was not pre-planned. This has to be for ransom.” 
“OK then, let’s have a bet.” 
“What bet?” Kiara was not in a mood. She had too many things going on in her mind rather a stupid bet.
“Fifty bucks no message will come. They only wanted you to tell Chris about the kidnapping and make him suffer for his sins as they said.”
Kiara looked at him for a moment, not able to understand his point.
“They will release her after the takeover is finalized. That way, Richard gets to keep the money given by Morgan,” he clarified.
“I don’t want to bet,” she said, “and stop creating these conspiracy theories.”
“My mind starts wandering if it doesn’t have anything to do,” he said while fiddling with his phone.
“OK, I will give you some work,” she said. “Do a background check on this Kevin guy.”
“OK. Let me make a few calls,” Jake said and got up. “Let me go inside.”
 “Do whatever you want to do. Just keep quiet,” she said before gulping the last drops of water.
Jake went inside and Kiara started thinking. All her hopes were pinned on the message that she was expecting. She knew Carlson would immediately call her back once Harrison informs him. Whatever needs to be done had to be done in the next two days.
Suddenly, Jake came out. “That was quick,” she said with surprise.
“Kevin’s details will take time. We don’t have anything except his name. But I have something else for you. Can you connect your laptop?” 
“Sure. Give me a sec,” Kiara said and opened her laptop. 
“I’m transferring a file. It’s the reporter … I mean Gabriel Maloney’s call details,” he said and turned the Bluetooth connection on.
“That’s great. We may get our hands on something,” Kiara said while waiting patiently for the file to transfer.
“The numbers he called on that day have been circled and the names of the recipients are also written on it,” Jake said while pointing at the monitor.
Kiara scrolled down and stopped at the red mark. There were only four calls made on the said day. Two to his family, one to Richard, and one was a toll-free number for a customer care center.
“Well, he calls Richard practically every day,” Jake said while scrolling down and looking at Richard’s number on other days. “And his family and customer care executive can’t be put on the list of suspects.”
Kiara was disappointed. “This is a dead end again.”
“I think we are beating around the bush,” Jake said with frustration. “We need to nab the local contact.”
Suddenly, there was a knock at the door. “Let’s nab him, then.”
Jake removed his gun from the holster and stepped inside the bedroom. Kiara looked at him. He gestured her to open the door.
Kiara opened the door with excitement, but her face turned pale as she saw Paul at the other end holding the dinner tray. As Paul kept the tray on the table, he heard a grunt from the bedroom.
“Is everything all right?” Paul asked.
“Yes, it’s fine. Thanks.” 
Jake came out as Paul stepped out. “That’s a bummer.”
“Let’s have dinner and give some rest to our minds,” Kiara said, though she knew her mind was not going to allow her any rest.
She kept looking at the door the whole time. Jake knew what was going on in her mind, but there was nothing that he could do.

Kiara looked at her watch. It was past eleven o’clock. They had not discussed anything in the past forty-five minutes. It was as though all their ideas had dried up.
“It’s getting late. You must be tired. I did not even give you time to change either.” 
“I am fine. But I don’t think we’re going to make any progress this way,” he said.
Kiara knew what he was pointing at. “Maybe you’re right. All this drama was just to make a statement.”
Jake got up. “Don’t be upset. I say a lot of things.”
Kiara nodded. “What are we going to do tomorrow?”
“You will come up with something. I’m pretty sure.” Jake smiled, trying to cheer her up.
Kiara smiled back. “I may not be here after tomorrow. Thanks for everything.”
Jake came to her. “Keep your thanks with you. We will talk about it when the time comes. OK?”
Kiara nodded back.
“Okay then, I will see you tomorrow,” he said and opened the door.
Paul’s house had gone dark and so would most of the town, Jake thought. 
Kiara walked him till his motorcycle and kept looking at him till he disappeared into the main street. She looked around, trying to see if anyone was around. After a moment, she heaved a sigh and walked back slowly. The day had started promisingly. Chris had been helpful. Well, for most of the part. But her calculations about the message had come wrong and played a spoilsport. Maybe Jake was right: a good night’s sleep could refresh her mind.

Kiara was woken up by a call. She looked at the clock: it was six o’clock. Who could be calling at this time, she thought and looked at the phone’s screen. It was an unknown number. A cold shiver ran down her spine. She got up immediately and answered the call. All she could hear was the muffled groans of a girl, followed by the sound of a train engine. She could hear church bells at a distance.
“Hello, who is this?” she screamed, but there was no response. Before she could say anything, the phone disconnected. 
She jumped out of the bed and started walking across the room. She thought for a moment and then called Jake. He took some time to answer, irking her further.
“What?” he said in a muffled voice.
“Do you know a place that is near a railway station and a church?” she asked.
“What?”
“Can you say anything besides ‘what?’” she said angrily.
“What’s happening?” 
“First answer my question,” she urged.
“Yes, it’s on the other end of the town. If you continue on the road after crossing the factory, there is a farm which used to have storage for coal in the old days. There was a railway line for transporting the coal. Now it’s being used by the factory to transport the raw material. The church is just outside the farm,” he said while rubbing his eyes. “Why do you ask?”
“We need to get there immediately, that’s why,” she said.
“What?” he asked.
“I got a call from that place. They had Sarah with them. I’ll tell you once you come here.” 
“I’ll be there in ten minutes,” Jake said and disconnected.
Kiara turned her hair into a bun and started walking across the room. They had given a message after all: Sarah is in Kingston and still alive. She kept looking at the door and then at her watch. Ten minutes seemed to be an eternity to her.
After fifteen minutes, there was a knock at the door.
“There you are. What took you so long?” 
Jake looked at her. “You look different without the makeup.”
Kiara punched him on the shoulder and pushed him aside. “Let’s go,” she said while bolting the door.
“What happened?” Jake asked while wearing his helmet. Kiara pointed at the motorcycle. Jake grunted and turned the ignition on.
As they entered the main street, he asked again, “Will you tell me?”
“I got a call from Sarah’s captors. All I could hear was her weeping and the sound of church bells with the sound of a crossing train in the background.”
“You think that was the message?” Jake asked while he turned right after crossing the market. Kiara had covered her head under a scarf, though she knew it was futile.
“Yes,” she said.
It was still dark and factory lights covered the entire area. The lake looked even gloomier in the dark. There was a pungent odor in the air. She hoped even Chris would have noticed that. She covered her face further as they crossed the main gate.
“Will they tell Harrison?” she asked while looking towards the guards.
“I don’t think so. Their shift ends in one hour,” Jake responded while looking at his watch.
Kiara removed the scarf as they crossed the factory completely. This was the first time that she was coming to this end of the town. Just like the entrance of the town, this part also had large tracts of land. There were few houses now and then, but for most of the parts it was land and nothing else.
“Who owns the farms where we are going?”
“It’s a government property. They were used earlier for storage of coal. Now, no one uses coal, so there is not much activity over there. There was a rail line dedicated to the farm. Once the factory came up, it was extended to transport the raw material up to the factory.”
Kiara nodded. “How far is it now?”
Jake pointed at a signage at some distance. “That’s our farm.”
Kiara’s heart started pumping faster as the farm neared. She did not know the message, but she was sure it was the last one. She kept looking around for any signs of anyone, but there was not a single soul in the vicinity. 
Sunrays started filling the whole area as they walked towards the gate of the farm. Kiara noticed the rail line dividing the farm with warehouses on one side and a makeshift platform on the other. It looked as if no one had visited the farm for some time. Maybe Sarah was held captive in one of the warehouses. The thought sent a shiver down her back.
“What are you thinking?” Jake brought her back from her thoughts.
“Maybe they kept her in there,” she said while pointing at the warehouses.
Jake looked at them. “Maybe. But I don’t think she is there now. From what number did you get the call?” 
“What?” 
“There is a phone booth outside the church,” Jake said, pointing at the other side of the road.  “I suspect they called you from there.”
They rushed towards the phone booth. As Kiara pushed the door, she felt something restricting it from the other side. She pushed hard and heard a scraping sound. Her eyes opened wide as she saw what it was.
“It’s the copy of the same report,” she said while walking out of the booth.
“What?” Jake said and took it from her.
He shuffled through the pages, but nothing else was there.
“They are toying with us,” he said and threw the report away. Kiara picked up the report and dusted it. 
“There is something in this report that we’re not able to understand. The people behind this are the ones who were going to gain the maximum out of this report,” she said, realizing what it meant. “We need to meet with Chris immediately.”
“What?” he asked.
“Remember, Chris told us that he had pledged the money for rehabilitation even if the report acquitted him,” she said. “Sarah must know the people who were going to do the implementation. When the takeover bid happened, the project went to the back burner and so did all the money associated with it. We all know about the mismanagement of funds in such large projects. The people who were going to receive the funds had big plans about that. But once the project was scrapped, they lost the money too.”
“That makes sense. Sarah must be in touch with these guys the whole time. She wanted to help them and that’s why she was coming here.” 
“But they got hands on the diary and planned the kidnapping.” 
“We better be going. You have Chris’s number?” he said while taking the keys out of his pocket.
Kiara fiddled with her mobile phone as Jake started the motorcycle. Her hands were trembling with excitement as she dialed Chris’s number. 
“Hello,” Chris said from the other end. Getting a call this early in the morning made him a bit nervous.
“We may have found who is behind all of this,” Kiara beamed from the other end. 
“Who’s that?” Chris asked in excitement.
“We need some information from you to know that.” 
“What do you want to know?” Chris asked.
“We need to meet you, right now.” 
“OK. Come to the guesthouse. I’m waiting.”
“We will be there in ten minutes,” Kiara said and disconnected.
“You know that by going inside, Harrison will officially know what we are up to,” Jake said while driving.
“I don’t care. Anyway, I’m going to be kicked out of Kingston by tomorrow.”
Jake nodded. “But we may need help from police to nab this guy.”
“Let’s get the name first. We will decide who to involve once we know how big is the fish that we’ve caught,” Kiara said as they entered the factory gate.
“Are you carrying your ID?” he asked as they reached the main gate.
“I am always prepared,” Kiara said while flashing the ID.

Chapter 14

The security guard at the first gate looked at them with suspicion, but had to permit them as they had all the papers. The first gate was easier to cross. The second gate was the real challenge and they knew it.
“Your record shows that you visit on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Any particular reason for visiting today?” he asked and looked at their attire. 
“Perry asked me to see the morning shift. I suppose the night shift is about to end. I hope I’m not late?” Kiara said with honesty.
“Yes … yes. Even I had to wake up early. Did not even get a chance to comb my hair,” Jake said while moving his fingers across his hair.
“I can understand,” the security guard said while handing over the ID. “Even I have to escort visitors sometimes. It’s a pain in the ass. No offense to you.”
“None taken,” Kiara replied back.
“Thanks for understanding,” Jake said and started driving. Kiara somehow stopped her laughter and gestured him to keep looking forward. It’s only once they crossed the admin block that they started laughing.
“We are getting good at this.” 
“I haven’t had a laugh like this in a long time.” Kiara chuckled.
As they reached the guesthouse, they saw Chris walking in the garden.
“Oh … no.” 
“What happened?” Jake asked while parking the motorcycle.
“He’s all dressed up and we are such a mess,” she said while fiddling with her hair.
“Don’t worry. He is pining for Sarah. Won’t notice you,” Jake said and winked.
“Very funny,” Kiara said and pushed the gate. 
Chris turned around, hearing the sound. He rushed towards them. Kiara noticed there was no one around.
“You sent everyone on a leave, Mr. Cooper?” she asked while looking around.
“Who did it?” Chris ignored Kiara’s question.
“That, you have to tell us,” Jake replied.
“What?” Chris looked at them.
“Mr. Cooper, how was this project going to be implemented?” Kiara asked.
“I don’t understand,” he said, unable to make any sense out of her question.
“I mean, who was going to do the ground work? To whom were you going to disburse the money?” she asked.
“We suspect that the failure of the project led them to kidnap Sarah, for the money you did not give them,” Jake added.
Chris’s face turned pale. “We never planned that far.”
“What?” both said in unison and then looked at each other with surprise.
“Well, there was never a plan for any rehabilitation.” He sat down on the bench.
“But you said that you were going to sanction the money no matter what,” Kiara explained.
“This whole project was mere eyewash. We had a crisis. Our shares were tanking. To divert everyone’s attention we made this plan,” he said with moist eyes. “Yes, we were going to do some activities—but by ourselves, like some environmental drives. We could have planted some trees, may have donated to some charity. That’s it. It was never planned to be implemented.” 
“Do you realize what you have done?” Kiara almost yelled at him.
Jake pressed on her shoulder. She started walking around trying to control her anger. The more she thought about it, the angrier she felt. She walked back to him. Jake tried to stop her, but she pushed him away.
“Did you get out yesterday night?” she asked, looking into his eyes.
“What?” Chris asked.
“I am asking if you went for a walk yesterday night.”
“No.” 
“Why? Did the smoke burn your eyes?” she asked with anger.
Chris had nothing to say. Jake again tried stopping her, in vain.
“How much capacity do you run your plant at night? You know when was the last time these people were able to see the stars under the smoke from your chimneys?” She was not in a mood to forgive.
Chris got up. “Okay, I get it. I know I screwed up big time.”
“Plant some trees, donate to a charity my foot,” Kiara said and kicked the bench, hurting herself in the process. 
Jake came to her. “Calm down. He said he’s sorry.”
Kiara took a deep breath. “They want the money sanctioned for this project to be released. Only then they will release her. But we don’t even know who they are. They don’t get the money by tomorrow, they may even kill her.”
“What? They can’t do that,” Chris said.
“What choice do they have? Sarah knows them. Once they release her, she will tell the police. If they have money with them, they can go underground. God knows they may leave the country,” Kiara said with frustration. “Without money, they are not going to release her—not at least alive.”
She sat down on the bench, pressing her foot against it.
“We have to find them. She can’t pay for my sins,” Chris urged Jake.
 “What exactly happened that night?” Kiara asked.
Jake and Chris turned towards her. “What?” Chris asked.
“The night Sarah left you,” she asked. “Was Richard there?”
“Yes, he was. In fact, the party was in his and Thomas’s honor,” Chris said.
“How was his behavior?” she asked. “A guy can’t party normally with someone he’s going to blackmail. He must have given some hint.”
“He was with my father the whole time,” Chris said. “My father had called the media and they were answering the questions.”
“Where was Sarah?” she asked.
“She was with me initially,” Chris said with some hesitation.
“Initially?” she asked with suspicion.
“I … I was going to propose to her. I forgot the ring inside. I went to get it,” he paused for a moment. 
“What are you hiding?” she probed him further.
“It was the only time she was alone, and we suspect, she got hands on my diary during that time,” he said in a frail voice.
Kiara nodded her head and got up. “One last question. Why would someone keep a diary with all his secrets, in a digital age?”
Chris took a deep breath. “My mother died when I was eight. My father always worked very hard. He was never around. My mother meant everything to me. When she was on her deathbed, I asked her who will help me once she was gone. She told me to write whatever I wanted to ask her. She promised me that she will read it and come in my dreams to help me. I guess the diary in a way substitutes for my need to have someone who doesn’t judge me and keeps all of my secrets.”
Kiara did not know what to say, but to apologize. “Mr. Cooper, forgive me for whatever I said to you. It was in the heat of the moment.”
“No, you are perfectly right. It is my mistake entirely,” he said with teardrops rolling down his face.
Jake patted on his shoulder. “Mr. Cooper, don’t worry. We will do what we can.”
Chris fell down on the bench and held his head in his palms. Kiara looked at Jake. They knew it was best to leave him fighting his inner demons. He knew he had done something wrong and the guilt was enough of a punishment for him.

Jake and Kiara did not utter a word till they reached the main gate. All their efforts had come to naught. Jake had already given up, but Kiara’s mind was running. She could not lose it after coming so close. However, there was not much that she could have done.
They had also thought that they had fooled the guard while going in. However, he had already informed Harrison about them. Oblivious to this, Jake and Kiara were still thinking about their next steps. But they didn’t know who was waiting for them.
As they reached the station, they saw Harrison standing with his arms crossed. His eyes were burning with anger.
“We are so busted,” Jake said while parking the motorcycle. Kiara knew the moment had come that she had dreaded since yesterday.
“So that’s why he’s here?” Harrison roared. “I wondered why a trip to Kingston in such a haste.”
Jake and Kiara had nothing to say. He walked towards Kiara.
“Get your stuff packed. You are going back today. I’ve dropped a message to Carlson. You will get an official message anytime,” he said and turned towards Jake. “And you … you have disappointed me big time. You are not going to escape this too. I am going to make you suffer for undermining my authority.”
“We were only helping,” Kiara retorted.
“With what? You think you’re smarter than all the officers working on this case?” he roared. “And have you found any signs of her or even her captors?”
“No, sir. We did not make any headway. They have not contacted anyone, including Chris,” Kiara conceded immediately, surprising Jake.
“I know that. I know everything about this case. By now they must have buried her anywhere between here and Portland,” he said. “You even know with how much difficulty we had to stop a mob out here. Even if a single person in the town comes to know that he is here, they are going to bring down the whole factory. You know how many locals are inside the factory at any given time. We will never come to know what happened to the Cooper scion.” 
Kiara looked at him with surprise.
“What happened?” Harrison asked.
“Nothing, sir,” Kiara said and looked down, her face still with the signs of surprise.
“Go away and do not show your face here again,” he said to Kiara and turned towards Jake. “And you. I don’t want to see your face also. I’m putting you on the night patrol for a month.”
“What?” Jake said in angst.
“Don’t test my patience,” Harrison said and pointed towards the gate.
Jake and Kiara looked at each other as Harrison went inside.
“What now?” Jake asked.
“Let’s get out of here first.” 
“What? Are you still thinking about the case?”
“I’m here till evening. I am not going to give up now. Start the damn motorcycle.” 
Jake did not know what to do. He was cursing himself for what happened. 

“Why did you lie to him?” Jake asked as they crossed the lake.
“Because I am not done with this case yet,” she said, though the confidence was not there.
“What are you planning?” He did not want his night patrol to increase by another month.
“Nothing. Let’s have a sandwich first. I’m famished,” she said while pointing at Elmo’s Café.
It was almost eight thirty and slowly, the town had started to see some movement. People were assembling for their rides. Buses were ready to leave for the factory. Most of the shops were already open. Though for Jake and Kiara, the day was not going the usual way.
“We had a good run,” Jake said as he pushed the door.
Kiara smiled back. “I am really sorry I dragged you into this.”
Jake shook his head. “It was all for a right cause.”
They were the only customers. Kiara looked around while settling down, but could not find Margaret. She wanted to say goodbye to her. Though she always refrained from befriending anyone, Margaret had forced herself into Kiara’s life. Besides, she always reminded Kiara of her mother. She smiled at the thought of it.
“What happened?” Jake asked.
“Nothing,” Kiara answered.
“What can I do for you today?” a young waitress interrupted them.
“I will have my usual and a special Elmo double cheese sandwich for the lady,” Jake said with a smile.
Kiara returned the smile and looked at the waitress. “Where is Margaret?”
“She has taken a day off. It’s her son’s birthday.” 
“He works in the factory, right?” 
“No, he works in the hospital,” she replied and left.
Kiara was taken by surprise. She closed her eyes and started doing some calculations. Jake was looking around and as he turned towards Kiara, he saw a bright smile covering her face. 
“What happened? You look really cheerful.” 
“It makes perfect sense now,” she said, throwing Jake into further surprise.
“What are you saying?”
“I know who the kidnapper is,” she said and got up.
“Can you tell me what’s on your mind?” Jake asked.
“I need a final confirmation first. Come, let’s go to the hospital,” she said and headed for the counter. “We will need the sandwich to go,” she said and shuffled for money.
“What’s happening?” Jake asked. He knew Kiara had thought of something that was ultimately going to make his life worse.
“Let’s get out of here first. I promise, I will tell you everything,” she said, adding to his frustration.
Jake nodded and took money out of his wallet.
“It’s on me,” Kiara said while taking the packet from the waitress.
“I met Margaret a day after Sarah’s kidnapping,” Kiara said as they stepped out. “She told me that her son told her how nice Sarah was and that everyone she had met was praying for her. I assumed he was working with the factory as that is the place where Sarah must have gone. But I was wrong; Sarah met the doctors in the hospital too. Maybe she discussed with them about the plans that they had proposed in the report.” 
“Are you saying … the doctor?” Jake asked with widened eyes.
“No … It’s the human rights office,” she said. “They are the one who fund the hospital. All the corporate funding comes to them first and then they distribute it further.”
 “And they assumed Cooper Chemicals were also going to fund them.” 
“Exactly. I believe Sarah did not go to the hospital directly,” Kiara added. “She must have contacted the human rights office first who would have taken her there and maybe to the other places where the funding was going to help, as per the report.”
Jake turned the ignition on. “Let’s go to the hospital then.”
All the frustration and helplessness that they felt a few minutes back had all but gone. As they drove, they forgot about whatever Harrison had told them or what was going to happen to them the next day. 

The day had come up beautifully, but the hospital looked as gloomy as ever. Kiara and Jake had very high hopes with their previous interpretation, but they were conscious this time. There was a chance that the doctor may not help. Who would wish to cut the hand that fed them?
They had to think of something and quickly. Kiara saw the doctor standing in the lobby as they entered. She held Jake by his arm and gestured him to stop there. Jake could not understand as she came out and walked towards the motorcycle.
Jake waited for her impatiently with one eye at the doctor and another on her. It seemed the doctor was about to leave, making his heart beat faster. He looked out the door. Kiara was holding the report while walking towards them. He understood what she was planning to do.
As soon as she entered, he walked to the doctor.
“Excuse me,” he said and tapped on his shoulder.
The doctor turned around and adjusted his glasses. “Yes,” he said while looking at both of them.
“Hi, I’m Agent Carter,” Jake said and held his hand out.
“You’re not in uniform?” the doctor questioned as they shook hands.
“It’s my day off. I had to introduce you to Miss Kiara, that’s why I came.” 
“You came with Paul that day?” he said while recognizing her.
“Yes, I am staying at his place. I am actually here for a college project.” 
“OK, what can I do for you?” the doctor asked.
“Actually, I am working on the ecological effects of the factory on Kingston.”
The doctor looked at her one more time. “But a similar project was scrapped earlier this year. It’s on the news.”
“I came to know after coming here. My college had arranged for the project. I had no option but to go ahead with it,” she said and showed her badge to him.
He looked at it and shook his head. “What do you need from me?”  
 “About that, I was given this report to take as a reference. I have finished my studies and gone through the recommendation page also, but was not able to find names of departments that will help in the actual work,” she said while showing him the report.
“You have come to the wrong place. You should go to the human rights office,” he said, returning the report.
“Actually, I know that too. I hoped that you will be able to give me some contacts. Someone in the factory told me that the earlier team, with the human rights team, had also visited the hospital. That’s why I came to you,” Kiara said, hoping her guess was right.
“Yes, I remember. That poor girl.” He paused. “The human rights team has a regional office in Portland. I can give you the phone number of Duncan Jones. He heads the department.”
“That would be great.” Kiara smiled. “Did he also visit when the earlier team had come? I wanted to know because if he is aware of that project, it will be easier for me to make him understand.”
“Of course, he was here. The whole team was here. They had pledged huge money. Why wouldn’t he be here?” he said while taking out a visiting card from his wallet.
Kiara looked at Jake, who was equally happy. She noted down the number.
“Thank you, Doctor. You have been of immense help,” she said and shook hands with him.
“I hope your project doesn’t end up as an academic exercise,” he said and left. Kiara nodded and kept looking at the doctor till he disappeared in one of the wards. She looked at Jake and both rushed towards the motorcycle.
“Right on the money,” Jake said and winked as they came out.
“Mr. Jones, here we come.” 
“What’s the plan?” Jake asked as they approached the gate.
“Let’s get Sarah released first. We will go after Jones after that.” 
“We would need something concrete to hunt him down, though. His name will not be enough,” Jake said.
“When will his local messenger come useful?” she said while flashing Jones’s number. “You know what to do.”
Jake gave a big smile. “You are awesome.”
“No, we are awesome.”
With that, they ran towards the motorcycle. They knew time was of great essence. They were almost there; the only thing left was to make one last right move.

Chapter 15

“Have to take this call,” Kiara shouted.
“What?” Jake shouted back.
Kiara pointed at the phone. Jake nodded and parked on the side of the road.
Kiara looked at the phone and took a deep breath. “Yes, sir.”
“Do I need to tell you why I called?” Carlson said from the other end.
“No, sir. When do I leave?”
“Pack your bags and leave right away,” he said and paused. “I should have sent somebody else.”
“But sir, I have collected enough evidence,” Kiara tried to explain.
“Doesn’t matter. You have exposed yourself,” he thundered. “There is no mission anymore. And I will make sure there are no records left of it.”
“It’s for a good cause. I am trying to save a life,” she argued, making Carlson angrier.
“Then why don’t you take up such cases. Why make an exception in this case?” he shouted.
 “But—” Kiara was cut off.
“Don’t say a word,” he roared. “Get your ass here.”
There was a momentary silence. Kiara knew she was not helping her cause by arguing.
“Is that clear?” Carlson said.
“Yes, sir,” Kiara responded. “I will take the next available flight. Will see you tomorrow morning.”
“You better not try acting smart with me,” he warned her. “I will make your life miserable. Don’t test my patience again.”
“I won’t … sir.” Carlson disconnected before Kiara could complete her sentence. 
“Don’t worry. He will cool down by tomorrow.” Jake tried to calm her down.
“Leave him. I don’t care even if this is my last case,” she said and switched off her phone. “Give me your phone.”
“What?” Jake said with surprise.
“Give me your phone,” she shouted.
“OK.” Jake pulled out his phone. Kiara snatched it immediately.
She thought for a moment and dialed a number. There was no response from the other end. She dialed again.
“Hello,” a voice came from the other end.
“Sarah’s life is on the line and you still fear for unknown numbers.” 
“I’m sorry. I am wary of media … Is there some news?” Chris inquired.
“How fast can you arrange for five million?” Kiara ignored his question.
“I don’t understand.” Her question confused Chris.
“We’ve found who is behind all of this,” she said. “Human rights department head Duncan Jones.”
“Who?”
“He’s the one who runs all funding from the corporations. He suspected you will be giving the money to his department. Sarah was here to meet him not knowing that he would go to this extent.”
“Are you sure?” 
“I am. But we’re going to do some more checks to be hundred percent sure. Meanwhile, I will tell you how to ensure Sarah’s release.” 
“I will make the arrangement,” Chris said before Kiara disconnected the phone.
“Is he in?” Jake asked as Kiara returned the phone.
“Five million is not a big amount for him. Besides, he loves her too much.”
“So what’s next?”
“You get the details of our man in the ski mask,” she said and paused for a moment. “I will get packing.”
Jake did not expect what she said. He looked at her. “So, that’s it?” 
“You can come to see me off,” Kiara said with moist eyes.
“What?” Jake smiled. “Agent Davenport is crying?”
Kiara looked down. “Something fell in my eye.”
“Both eyes?” Jake asked with a smile.
“Don’t tease me,” she said. “Come on. Drop me off at Paul’s.”
Jake nodded and put his helmet on. Suddenly, the thought of Kiara leaving forever dawned upon him. He felt pain in his heart. He knew he was never going to forget about the time spent with her.

Kiara closed her eyes and thought about her stay in Kingston. What started as a boring mission ended up as one of her most emotional ones. She was sure that Sarah will come out unscathed and in a way, this kidnapping had brought her closer to Chris. She may not be aware of this, but by tomorrow her life was going to change. Whatever doubts Chris had about his feelings towards her were also cleared due to the kidnapping. Kiara smiled at the thought of helping them come closer.
On the other hand, without Jake’s help, this would not have been possible. She never thought she would ever get a partner of her liking. But with Jake, she had achieved that impossible feat. That thought brought Carlson to her mind. He meant every word when he said that he was going to make her life miserable. He was going to put her on a desk job. She shook her head at the thought of working with Bob.
She opened her eyes and looked at her watch. It was almost twelve o’clock. She was reluctant, but had to check her emails. As she scrolled down, she grunted in angst. Carlson had sent a ticket for a six o’clock flight and had left a note warning her against missing it. She had only three hours left in Kingston. With that thought, she got up and started packing her clothes.
Paul came with lunch at one. He looked at the packed bags.
“You going somewhere?” he asked while keeping the tray on the table.
“About that. My project is done. I will need a ride to the airport,” she said in a soft voice.
Paul took some time to understand. “So soon. You said that you will be here for a month.”
“I got all the details. No need to stay back.”
“When will your report come?” 
“It’s a college report. It’s not going to make any news,” Kiara replied.
Paul looked a bit disappointed. Kiara approached him. “Don’t worry. Everything is going to be fine.”
She was not sure, and hope was the only thing that she could give him.
Paul smiled and left. Kiara looked at the homemade food and heaved a sigh. It was going to be a long time before she would again be able to have it again. Maybe she could take a break and visit her folks some time, she thought. 
Suddenly she remembered that her phone was still off. She turned it on and as expected found missed calls from Jake. She called him while having a bite. 
“Thank God you’re back,” Jake said. “I have Duncan’s call records. Wanna know who is our mystery man?
“Is it Arthur or Charles?” Kiara said softly.
“It’s Arthur. You knew the messenger was one of the agents?” he said with surprise. “Since when?”
“I had a hunch. There was a rumor across the town on Chris’s arrival. They were planning to block the factory entrance and I suspected a riot by evening. A riot meant Chris had to leave the town and Duncan could not have afforded that. When I came back in the evening, everything had returned to normal. I knew Duncan had taken help from his local contact, but still it was not clear who that was. This morning Harrison told us how hard he had to work to make that happen. I knew that moment that it had to be one of them.”
“You didn’t suspect Harrison?”
“No, he wouldn’t have told me this if he was involved. He has his issues, but he is a very good officer. He made sure that except you, none of the other agents come to know who I am. Even Arthur kept thinking that I was a student.” 
“Wow! I never thought it that way.”
“So now we have enough proof against Duncan. You should inform Chris to seal the deal,” Jake suggested.
“Yeah, I have dropped the message just now. Waiting for the response,” she said as her phone beeped. “Here it is.”
“Good. Then let’s wait and watch,” Jake said and remembered something. “You packed?”
“Yeah,” she said and looked at her watch. “One more hour to go.” 
“Hmm … I will be there in ten minutes. Let’s savor this moment together,” Jake suggested.
“Thanks. That will be nice,” Kiara said with a smile.
“Okay then, see you in ten.” 
“Yup.” 
Kiara kept looking at the clock impatiently. Jake came after half an hour. She had kept the door open for him.
“I thought you will never show up,” she said angrily.
“Got caught up. I got the details about that guy, Kevin,” he reasoned. “I don’t have access to the mail outside the office. So, had to wait for it.”
“Anything that needs our attention?” Kiara asked while closing the door.
“Nothing much. Normal kid, just graduated. This was his first job. Richard had offered him a permanent position, but he declined. Now working for a magazine in New York,” he said while sitting down. “So, what’s our update?”
Kiara opened her laptop and started browsing news sites. “Nothing as of now.”
“Don’t check the national dailies. Check local news first,” Jake suggested.
Kiara nodded and started browsing local websites. She kept scrolling till she saw something.
“Here it is,” she said, pointing at a news flash. “They updated it just now.”
In an unprecedented move, Mr. Chris Cooper, the managing director of Cooper Industries has announced a sum of five million dollars for the rehabilitation of Lake Blue Leaf and the surrounding town of Kingston. This will be disbursed through the regional human rights office to the various charity organizations. He made this announcement from his regional office at Portland, where he has been stationed for the past few days. Cooper Industries is going through turmoil and this has come as a surprise to all market observers. More details are awaited.
Jake gave a high five to Kiara. “Wow! What an epic end!”
“Let’s hope they release Sarah now,” she said with a sense of relief.
“He has to. He feels safe and his entire plan has come to fruition. It will be interesting to see what he has done to safeguard himself if Sarah charges him for kidnapping.” 
“That will indeed be interesting. Anyhow, he is going to jail. So it does not matter in the larger scheme of things.” 
Their conversation was broken by knocking at the door.
Kiara looked at the clock. “That must be my ride.”
Jake looked at her. “I will miss you.”
Kiara smiled. “Don’t worry. Life is long and the world is getting smaller. We will meet again.”
Jake nodded and got up. Kiara opened the door. 
“Can you put my bags in the van?” she asked Paul. “I need to make a call.”
“Who are you calling?”
“Sarah’s mother. She’s waiting for this news more than anyone,” she said and dialed a number.
“Hello.” 
“Mrs. Edwards, this is Kiara.” 
“Did you meet Chris? Do you have any news of my daughter?”
“I met him … He loves her more than anything. He has given five million dollars for her release. We are hoping that she will be released by tomorrow,” she said softly.
There were no words from the other end. The only thing that Kiara could hear was the gentle sob of a mother who had given up all hope.
“I always doubted Chris’s feelings. But the day those pages came, I knew he could do anything for her.” Her voice was trembling.
“Pages came?” Kiara asked with surprise. “Who sent them?”
“Kevin. He was working with her on the project,” she replied.
“So she didn’t take the diary after all,” Kiara mumbled.
“What?” Sarah’s mother said.
“I was saying that you are a very strong person. You did not let the hope in your heart die for a moment.” 
“It’s because of all the support that came from people like you. Thank you,” she said in a frail voice.
“No need to thank me, Mrs. Edwards. Let’s hope to hear the good news as soon as possible,” Kiara said. “Chris has promised that he will bring her back to you.”
“I don’t know what to say. It’s as if a long night has ended and a new dawn has arrived.”
“No one can do anything to a daughter who has a loving mother like you. Sarah is very lucky.” 
“I am so happy that I don’t know what to say,” she said, the words barely coming out of her mouth.
“Don’t say anything. Just relax and prepare for Sarah’s arrival. Take care, Mrs. Edwards,” Kiara said and disconnected. She herself felt a lump in her throat and did not know if she would be able to hold back her tears if she kept talking to Sarah’s mother.
“Let’s go, or you will be late for the flight,” Paul brought her back from her thoughts.
Kiara nodded and looked at Jake.
“So the moment has come, finally,” he said and hugged her.
“I will miss you, too,” she said with moist eyes.
She looked at the house one last time. She took a deep breath and opened the door of the van.
Jake kept looking till the van disappeared into the main street.
“I will always remember you, Miss Kiara Davenport,” he said and put his helmet on.

Kiara looked around as the van crossed the main market. Everything looked business as usual. No one knew what had happened in the town in the last few days. She had made an anonymous entry, but had grown fond of everyone she had met and everything she had seen. When she arrived, she wanted to leave the town immediately. But now, she felt as if she was leaving a part of her behind. 
As Paul took a left turn, she saw the lake and the factory for the last time. The smoke from the chimney looked whiter and much less in quantity. 
“You all right?” Paul looked at her through the rearview mirror.
“Yes, just looking around for one last time,” she replied with a smile.
Paul pulled a box from the adjoining seat. “My mother prepared this for you,” he said while handing the box. “You liked her cooking?”
“I loved it.” Kiara took the box with a beaming smile. “Mothers are always …”
As she took a bite, she remembered her conversation with Sarah’s mother. She dialed Chris’s number immediately. She hoped that he will pick up. By now, the media would have been behind him. There was a chance he may not notice her call.
However, there was a response within three rings.
“Hi, Kiara,” Chris said, his voice laden with happiness.
“So you arrived on time?” she asked.
“Yes … no one will know I was in Kingston,” he said. “Thanks for all the support.”
“My partner will send you some details that you can share with the officers working on this case. Those will be enough to start an investigation against Jones and his local associate.” 
Paul tried to understand whom she was calling for a second, but then went back to concentrate on driving.
 “Will do that immediately after her release,” Chris said. “But they will take all the credit. Is that fine with you?”
“Don’t worry. I am not doing this for any reward,” Kiara said and paused for a moment. “Mr. Cooper, I wanted to discuss something else.”
“Sure. What is it?” 
“Um … You had to lose a substantial sum for the release. You can stop the transfer once she is released,” she suggested.
“In fact, I am thinking of releasing another five million. The town needs it. I can’t shut down the plant due to business reasons, but I have instructed the team to run it at optimum load. That will also help in reducing the pollution.” 
“That will be really great for the town,” she said and paused for a moment. “How did your father react to it?”
“He had never shouted at me like that since I was ten. I think … I’ll lose some decision-making powers in the new organization,” Chris said with a smile.
“What if I tell you something that will not only help you restore your powers, but may also help you stop this takeover?” 
“What have you got, Miss Davenport?” Chris’s smile evaporated. “I knew you won’t call without anything.”
“For that, I have to be hundred percent sure. I need to know something.” 
“What is it?” he asked worriedly.
“You did not finish. What happened that night after you went inside for the ring?” 
“Well, by the time I came back Sarah’s demeanor had changed. She always hated publicizing a good cause. We on the other hand wanted to cash in on it. So, we had called the media to cover the event. My father had made her give a comment in our favor. She thought it to be my idea and we started arguing about it. I told her that these are all business dealings and she should not take it to heart. This upset her even more and she said something that I couldn’t handle.”
“What was it?” Kiara asked.
“She said that I was … I was a cheat and a liar and she did not want to do anything with me,” he said in a frail voice. “It was then I told her that I am a different person from within. Everything I do for business is not the real me. I was not proud of whatever we had done to build the empire and it was killing me from inside too. To get it out of my system, I had put it in my diary.”
“And what was her reaction?”
“She did not pay heed to it and left at once.” 
“I suspected so.”
“What?” 
“Who told you that Sarah might have taken the diary?” she asked, ignoring Chris’s question.
“My father …” Chris said and paused. “Wait a minute. Oh my God!”
There were no words from Chris for the next few seconds. Kiara checked her phone, but the call was still on.
“Mr. Cooper?” she said.
“How could she have taken the diary if she did not even know about it before I went in?” he said in a low voice.
“Because, she never intended to hurt you or your company.” 
“Then, who took the diary?” he asked.
“Mr. Cooper, did Morgan try to buy you out earlier too?” Kiara knew the time for the answer had not come yet.
“Yes, couple of times. But I was always against it.” 
“What about your father?” 
“Wait … are you again pointing a finger at my father?” he said firmly.
“This is just a hunch and depends on your answer, Mr. Cooper,” she requested.  
Chris took a moment. “He was against the first bid, but when the bid was increased, he was willing to take it up.” 
“Did he try to pressure you?”
“We had an argument over it, but after a few days he thought that I was right,” Chris said thoughtfully.
“You know, the reporter who started the issue now works for Richard. In fact, he is the head of this region.” 
“No, I was not aware of this,” Chris said with surprise.
“I believe he was part of the whole controversy. Somebody made him create a furor during the press conference in return of a plum job,” Kiara explained.
“It can be Richard,” Chris was still in disbelief.
“If all the steps were pre-planned, then that would mean that Richard knew about the diary from the start,” Kiara explained.
“I still can’t believe my father could go that far.” Chris was not willing to accept the reality.
“Sarah did not take your diary. Still, she had those pages. I will give you the number of the person who sent those pages to her. This is your family matter. I don’t want to pursue it further. If you feel like it, you can call him. I am sure he will know the person behind all of this.”
“Who is that?” Chris asked.
“Kevin.”
“That bastard. He pulled Sarah into it,” Chris said in anger.
“No … actually, he felt guilty when he came to know about your feelings towards her. He only shared the pages where you had confessed your love. Had Sarah been carrying the whole diary, Duncan would not have kidnapped her. He could have blackmailed you based on that. Kevin was a part of the plan, but had a change of heart. He refused the job offer from Richard. He may be scared, but I am hopeful he will help you.”
“Please send the number to me,” Chris said and paused for a moment. “Thanks for everything.”  
“No need to thank me. Just doing what I feel is right.” 
“Let me know if I can be of any help. Any time.” 
“Thanks, Mr. Cooper,” Kiara said and disconnected.
Kiara opened the window and felt the breeze on her face. She was feeling a sense of relief. She knew the next days were going to be tough for her, but even if she knew it beforehand, she wouldn’t have changed anything in her approach. She closed her eyes. She did not want anything to bother her for some time and wanted to enjoy the calmness that was surrounding her heart.

“It was really nice knowing you,” Paul said while putting her bags on the trolley. “Will you come again?
Kiara smiled. “I don’t think so. I will always remember you and your family, though.”
With that, she took out money from her wallet and gave it to Paul. Paul counted it and looked at her.
“Keep the rest for your sister’s medicine.” 
“No. I can’t. I can take only the amount that is due. Nothing above or below,” he said while giving the money back.
“You are a good person, Paul. Keep this honesty alive,” Kiara said while taking the money.
Paul smiled. “Good luck, Miss Kiara.”
Kiara kept looking at him till he got in the van. She turned and looked at the departure gate. She heaved a sigh. Back to business, Kiara.

Cooper Industries hogged the media limelight again the next day. The Coopers had declined the takeover plan by Morgan. Even William Cooper was in support of Chris. Morgan had threatened them with dire consequences. The market was abuzz with the speculation that the whole drama was staged to get the attention away from a federal probe. The share market on the other hand had responded positively to it. Cooper Industries’ shares were up by ten percent—still a third of their peak value.
On the fourth or fifth page of all the leading dailies, there was a little paragraph about Sarah’s release. It was stated that she was kidnapped while going from Portland to Kingston. She had met the human rights officials and one of them was accompanying her when they were attacked. Both had no idea who the attackers were. She was sedated within seconds of the attack, while he was left injured on the side of the road. Police have not made any arrests, though they are looking at the possibilities.

“What should I do with you?” Carlson shouted. “I know you have a hand in all of this,” he said while pointing at the television.
“I did what I felt right, sir,” she answered unapologetically.
“It’s not about right or wrong. It’s about defying the orders given to you,” he said in frustration. “And you know what’s even more frustrating?”
Kiara looked at him, not sure if she should answer that. Somehow she controlled herself.
“It’s that I can’t even punish you,” he said in angst. “I have orders from the top to let this slip. And you know at whose behest?”
“Chris Cooper,” Kiara mumbled.
“Just go away. I don’t want to see your face for some time.” He gave a loud grunt.
Kiara controlled her smile somehow and got out without saying anything. She punched the air and almost ran to her desk.
***
Jake was woken up by Harrison’s call. “You played me all this time?” he roared.
“What … What happened?” he said with surprise.
“You had something to do with that girl’s release. Right?”
“I don’t understand.” He tried to hide as long as he could.
“I have orders for our transfer. You are being sent to New York. These have come from the top and you know at whose behest?” Harrison said.
“Chris Cooper,” Jake mumbled.
“I want to kill you, but my hands are tied. No need to come here. I will send all your stuff to your place. Don’t ever show your face again.” 
“I won’t. Just one thing I wanted to tell.” 
“What is it now? Are there any more secrets?” Harrison said with frustration.
“You may have a visit from a Portland team regarding the case.”
“What have you done now?” Harrison said in exasperation.
“Can’t tell you. You will come to know yourself. And thanks for keeping Kiara’s identity secret,” Jake said and disconnected. He was dying to call Kiara. Harrison slammed the receiver in anger.

Before Kiara could call Jake, he called her.
“How did you do it?” he asked immediately.
“Um … I’ve done a lot of things lately. Which one are you referring to?” she said with a smile.
“I got my transfer letters. I’m going to be your partner.” He beamed.
“Wow! I did not expect him to do this.”
“Wait. You asked him to do so.” Jake was surprised.
“Actually, that’s what I bargained when I told him my identity,” she said softly.
“You blew your cover just to get me out of here,” Jake said with surprise.
“I always fulfill my promises.” 
Jake did not know what to say. He took a moment. “I don’t know how to thank you.”
“I am going to make you suffer. Don’t think you gained in this bargain,” Kiara said with a smile.
“Who could know that better than me?” Jake said and both started to laugh.
“And how did you stop this takeover bid?” he asked while settling down.
“Turns out William was the one behind this takeover. He wanted to make the deal with Morgan, but Chris opposed it. He planted the reporter to provoke Chris in making a mistake. Chris made the mistake, but he played the advertisement card, making William’s plan futile. William was planning his next strike when Sarah entered Chris’s life. During the party, he overheard them fighting over the contents of the diary. He created a master plan and handed over the diary to Kevin, who gave it to Richard. Chris kept feeling that it was his mistake to tell this to Sarah. William hit two birds with one stone. He got a deal with Morgan and also got Sarah out of Chris’s life.”
“So now Chris is making him pay for his sins?” 
“It’s better to be blackmailed by your son than by your competitor,” Kiara said with a smile. “And to top all of that I’m pretty sure Chris would marry Sarah soon.”  
“Wow! William lost his dignity and his son too.” 
“Appears so,” Kiara said, nodding. “So, when are you coming?”
“Some paperwork needs to be done. Will be there next week,” Jake said.
“See you then, partner.” 
“See you,” Jake said and hung up.
Both looked at the phones and smiled. They knew the most exciting chapter of their lives had just begun.
####
Afterword

Thank you for reading this book.  If you enjoyed it, please leave a review at the book page on the retailer website. If you want to be notified for the future releases, please subscribe to my blog:  http://varunvashistbooks.blogspot.in/

Other books by the author

Double Cross Excerpt

Chapter 1
 Blood flushed Kiara Davenport's face as she was about to fire the last round. All the previous shots had hit the middle of the target and if this one hits the center, she would be able to create a new record. Actually, she will be matching the record set by her partner Jake Carter. That reminded her, "Where the hell is Jake?" She glanced at her watch. It was five to seven.
She did not have much time to think. She had one shot and five minutes left before her private time at the range ended.  With that thought, she lifted her pistol and aimed at the target. Her finger moved towards the trigger, but stopped midway.
"Why the hell is he not here?" She murmured, though it was more of a yell under the earmuffs. "He won't believe I have matched his record."
She looked at the watch again. She had only one minute left. She closed her eyes for a moment and then looked at the target. 
As the sound of the shot echoed across the range, so did her loud grunt. She missed the record by a whisker. More than her missing the target, she was angry with Jake. She removed the earmuffs, and then the earplugs. She was about to throw them on the floor, when the door opened.
"Hey Davenport, where is your loser partner?" Bob smirked while forcing himself through the door. She always wondered how he was able to keep his job with that two hundred and fifty pound frame of his. Every time he said something she would look at the way his belly juggled. Today was no different either.
"What?" That's all she could say. Bob shook his head and walked towards the other end.
She walked towards her bag and pulled out her phone. Her hands were still trembling from the rush of blood the shooting had brought to them. She was about to dial Jake's number when she felt Bob's eyes on her. He pointed at his pistol and then at his earmuffs.
"All right, I am leaving," she said in angst and barged out of the door. 
She walked towards the shower room still thinking about Jake.  She called him, but there was no response from the other side. This infuriated her further. She dialed one more time, but again the same result. Now she was at her wits’ end," Where the hell is he?" 
Jake and Kiara had been partners for the last two years. Though they were not answerable to each other, Tuesday were different. They never missed their shooting practice. It was the only way to channel the frustration from the gag order put on them by their boss for getting too liberal with their bullet quota. Without firing bullets at the suspects for a whole week, they felt as if their hands had been on a leash. Tuesday evening was the only time of the week when they could actually feel the adrenaline rush that would keep them going for the remainder of the week.  
Half an hour later, she was driving to her apartment still thinking about Jake. She thought of calling him one more time, but he had not called back, and that made her even angrier. She tossed the phone towards the back seat.

"Don't even think about that," Jake roared at the thug choking under his grip who was trying to reach out the iron rod lying a few feet away. There was not a single soul in the vicinity. Garbage trucks were lined up at the far corner blocking any view of the main street. Street lights covered the turn where he had parked his motorcycle. Jake tried, but could not avoid glancing at it. He hated dogs and one was checking the rear tire now. Jake resisted, but as the dog lifted its leg and was about to take aim, he could not stop himself and took a can lying nearby and threw it towards the dog.
This distraction was enough for the thug. With his arm free, he punched Jake right in the nose. There was a momentary darkness followed by the sound of the footsteps.  By the time Jake came to senses the thug had already crossed his motorcycle and was running towards the garbage trucks. 
Jake jumped on the iron rod and with all the precision he aimed at his legs. There was a groan followed by a hard thud. Not only did Jake hurt his leg, the thug hit his head on the loading hopper. Jake jumped in exhilaration as if he had shot a three pointer.
"That's the shooting practice for today," he said while walking towards his target. His nose was bleeding but right now his concentration was on breaking the thug's bones. 
"I don't know anything," the thug pleaded as Jake dragged him towards the streetlight.
"Not for very long, my friend. You will remember everything in a moment," he said while bringing the cuffs out of his pocket.
"I just run a small gift shop," he pleaded further, his breathing ragged with fear, "I don't know who left the box of antiques outside my shop."
"Two rounds around the block will be a jog down memory lane," Jake said while cuffing him to the rear seat step, "I got this specially installed for folks like you."
A chill ran down the thug's spine and his face got covered in cold sweat. "You… you are not doing right. This is illegal."
His words fuelled Jake's anger further. He took the keys out of his pocket and started the ignition. The thug closed his eyes and started murmuring a prayer. 
Jake looked at him and grinned, "Still time before we go on the drive."
"I… I really don't know anything, "he cried, the words barely coming out of his mouth.
"Then, you have not left me with any choice," Jake said in a mocking tone while giving the throttle.

"I have had enough of both of you," Special agent in charge Carlson roared.
"But, I wasn't with him," Kiara reasoned.
Her words made no difference to him. He kept walking across the room frantically.
"Where is he?" He asked while looking at the door, "And, you too are beyond any reasoning. No rules apply to you."
"Again, I was not with him," Kiara said firmly.
"Shut up," Carlson snarled.
"But…," she did not get the hint. 
"Don't test my patience," he said, cutting her off. His eyes were burning with anger.
Their concentration was broken by the knock at the door. Jake entered and stepped up to Carlson's desk. He glanced at Kiara who looked back with a hint of anger. He ignored her and clutched his hands behind his back.
Carlson moved opposite to him. "Look at you. What is the difference between you and the criminals?" He said while pointing at the bandage across Jake's nose. Jake heard a little chuckle from Kiara.
"Sir, I was doing my job," Jake said firmly. There was not an ounce of remorse in his voice which irked Carlson further.
"What job?" He shouted with all the energy his fifty- year- old self had. "You gave the poor guy head trauma. He will not recover from it for the rest of his life."
"But, he was not telling anything," Jake was not into taking hints either.
 "About what?" Carlson looked at both. Kiara looked down, evading the question. Carlson's eyes moved towards Jake. "Carter, I am asking you?"         
Carlson rarely called people by their second name. Kiara knew Jake was in big trouble. She hoped he would take the hint and apologize.
"The package of antiques," Jake replied. Kiara closed her eyes in exasperation. 
"Where did you find the package?" Carlson shouted. Jake understood where the conversation was going, but it was too late to take the hint now. Nevertheless, he kept quiet.
"I asked, where did you find the package?" He shouted again.
"Outside his shop," Jake replied softly. Again a chuckle came from Kiara.
"Was the shop open at that time?" He asked further.
"No, but…"Jake tried to reason.
"Does this give you the right to beat him to a pulp?" Carlson asked.
There was a momentary silence. Carlson kept looking at both, and then crashed on his chair.
"I can't cover for you two anymore," he said in frustration.
Jake looked at Kiara. She tried to avoid him, but he urged her. She heaved a sigh and turned towards Carlson, who was looking down.
"Sir, this won't happen again. I take Jake's guarantee," she said, pretending to be guilty.
Carlson shook his head, "No… No… You have tested my patience enough."
With that, he turned towards Jake, "You need a break. That's the only way I can handle the pressure from the top. Even I am answerable to higher authorities."
"What?" Jake said immediately, "Are you sending me on leave?"
"Yes, it will help you assess what you have done to the department's reputation," Carlson was not going to budge. "And, it will give me some breathing space."
Jake was stunned, and so was Kiara. All the chuckles had evaporated from her face. They did not know how to digest this. But, Carlson was not finished yet.
"And You…. Davenport…you also need to cool your heels," he said firmly addressing Kiara by her second name, "I am transferring you to a desk Job. You are going to help Bob with all the information he needs for his cases."
Now it was Jake's time to chuckle. He had forgotten about his punishment. 
"Sir… Please send me on leave too, but don't clip my wings… Please," she pleaded for real this time.
"You can leave your guns at the front desk," he said, and then walked towards the window.
"Sir…" Kiara tried one more time.
"Dismissed," came a dry reply, "Meet me in a month's time."
They stood there for a moment, but, when Carlson did not turn, they knew there was nothing much that could be done. Jake shook his head and came out. Kiara looked at Carlson for one last time before following him. 

Kiara sat on her chair, her face buried in her palms. Jake was sitting at the table opposite to her.
"It's not that bad, partner," Jake mocked her.
"Don't call me partner," she retorted, "And, don't you have any shame for what you have done to me?"
"What?" He said, "You know very well that had I called you, you would have been with me too."
Kiara nodded, knowing that Jake was right. She would have been more than happy breaking a few bones too. Her anger left her for a moment.
"So, what's next?" She asked, "What are you planning to do?"
There was a momentary silence. Jake had not, in fact, thought about it. He used to spend most of his days at his desk, or in the field. His one room apartment was a mere excuse for getting six hours of sleep. He had no other interests. What was he going to do for a whole month? He turned towards Kiara.
"What next? What should I do?" He said tersely.
Both were stumped, "You can't hang out at the office. He will fire you if you show your face here."
"I could go undercover and collect information," he proposed.
"The way you collect information, they will come to know immediately and you may end up behind bars with your suspects," Kiara said firmly.
Jake knew she was right. Carlson meant every word when he said that he had to go on leave. Any wrong step and he could lose his job.
"But, I can't just coop up in my apartment and keep reading about the crime in the papers," he rued, "It will kill me."
There was silence for a moment. "Why don't you go to your parents’ cabin for some time?"
Jake looked at her in disbelief. She nodded and urged him to think about it. He took the chair opposite the desk and opened a folder in his computer. It contained the images of the cabin. He practically felt the cool breeze hitting his face, remembering the summer vacation he had there once. 
His father was not a rich man, but he pretended like one. Once, while on a summer vacation, he had taken the three of them to a surprise holiday. His mother was against his extravagant nature; always worrying about their future. And that seemed to be her fear during the whole ride to the Lakefront cabin. Throughout the weekend she kept asking him about the owner of the cabin and how he could afford to pay the rent, but, he kept telling her not to worry.
Jake was oblivious to their fighting. He had liked the view of the mountains adorning the lake so much that he spent the whole time walking around the lake. Suddenly, on a Sunday afternoon, his mother barged out of the cabin with her bags. Father followed her and tried to convince her, but she was inconsolable. The next thing he remembered was getting dragged to the car. He was too scared to ask anything. He kept looking at the cabin till they entered the mountain pass and the lake went out of his sight.  
They must have gone a few miles ahead when, all of a sudden, his father stopped the car and told Jake to step out. Both kept fighting, and, finally his father slapped his mother to end the discussion.  Once everything went quiet, he started the car, forgetting about Jake. Suddenly, he remembered that he had left his son behind and looked back. The momentary lapse of concentration made him lose control of the car and it skid off the turn, plummeting a hundred feet. Jake did what an eight- year- old could do, but there was nothing left to be saved.
His father had made no will. There was actually nothing to be left in the will to him except for the cabin. He had put all his life's savings in the cabin.
Since then he hated the cabin and the idea of visiting it. He lived with Aunt Mary till he was capable of making a living. It was only then that he thought of going back to the cabin. After all, it was the only remembrance of his parents left with him. The first visit was very painful. He spent an hour sitting at the point from where they had fallen. He vowed never to return, but once he entered the driveway to the cabin, the pain subsided a bit. The lake and the mountain made him remember the most beautiful two days of his life. However, the face of his mother looking at him from the rear mirror kept haunting him. 
It had been a year since then, but he still could not muster the courage to go back. However, now he did not have much choice. He could not stay in the city without breaking some thug's bones. Aunt Mary was not alive either. Going to the lake was a tough call, but maybe this was a chance for him to make peace with the fact that the cabin was not responsible for his parents’ death.  
"Ok, I will go," he declared, bringing Kiara back from her thoughts.
"What?" She asked with surprise.
"I will give the cabin one last shot," he said, "If it still brings the bad memories back, I will sell it this time."
"Good for you," Kiara said with a smile. Suddenly, the smile evaporated from her face.
"What happened? Missing already?" He teased her.
She looked at him dryly. "I am stuck here with these files and you are going on your fling spree."
Jake walked to her and took her head in his palms and turned it to her right, "You have Bob."
She pushed him and punched him in the shoulder. This made Jake laugh even louder. Bob noticed that and walked towards them. Kiara gave a disgusted look to Jake who walked aside.
"Well, well... Davenport… So you are going to work under me?" He mocked her and looked towards Jake, who gave the thumbs up. Bob winked back.
"With you... not under you?" Kiara said angrily.
"We shall see," Bob said and winked again.  This angered her further. She got up and left at once.
"I am leaving now. Will be a month before we meet again," Jake shouted from behind.
She did not turn around, just waved over her shoulder, "Go to hell."

Driving through the mountain pass pained Jake's heart, but he noticed that it was much less painful than the last time, that's a good first sign. The only thing that bothered him more than visiting the cabin was letting the antiques case slip out of his hand. Anyway, he was not able to make any headway either, he thought. 
He stopped after the turn from where the lake became visible. It was dusk and the golden hue covered the corners of the lake giving it a divine look.  He looked around. Most of the cabins had their lights turned on. Only his cabin looked like a sore thumb with darkness engulfing it. He had not visited the place in a year and there were many things that needed fixing. He knew his next two days were going to be spent cleaning up the mess. With that thought, he started again. It took him ten more minutes to reach his destination. 
There were not many people around. There was a chill in the air, making people go inside early, he thought. Motorcycle tires peeling out of the gravel driveway broke the eerie silence that engulfed the whole area.
As he removed the helmet and stroked his hair, he noticed eyes on him. His hand slid down his back to check for his pistol in a reflex action. He gave a grunt for not finding it, and then turned around to check. 
As his eyes met his pursuer, he knew there was no need to be alarmed. It was a young woman standing on the front porch of her cabin. It was just opposite to his; the road separating the two cabins. The fading sunlight was reflecting on her face.  Jake scanned her immediately; Late twenties, brunette with a figure to die for. As he looked up and his eyes met her, she gave him a courteous smile. Though Jake had never been in a relationship, he knew what that inviting smile meant. Spying on rich suspects had helped him learn a lot about lonely women and their inviting smiles. She was lonely and needed company.
He smiled back while running his fingers through his hair. Kiara had told him that he looked stupid doing that, but it had always worked for him. Although he was not that great looking, he had always been ahead of the game with his attitude. He looked at her one more time and turned around. He kept looking at her with the corner of his eyes till he reached the main door. As expected, she kept checking him out till he entered the cabin.
"You were right, Kiara. This is going to be fun," he murmured while turning the lights on.

It was good that he had met her outside, because the cabin was a mess from inside. He had not visited it for a year and it smelled like a rotten egg. Aunt Mary had suggested several times that he put it for rent, but he was perhaps too lazy for that. 
He made a space for himself in one of the corners and threw his bag in the other one. He lay down for a while. The city was around a three- hour drive and he felt a bit tired. He closed his eyes for a while, when he heard a knock at the door. He got up hurriedly and covered the rotten wood and old bottles with a blanket.
He brushed his hair with his fingers and opened the door. It was the same woman from the opposite cabin. She was carrying a box with her.
"Forgive me for being upfront. I brought you sandwiches," she said softly, "All shops must be closed by now and no one seems to have visited your cabin in a while… so."
Jake was grinning in his mind, but he did not let the happiness reflect on his face.
"That was not necessary," he said and paused for a moment. "Actually, you are right, I am a little short on supplies," he said sheepishly.
The women smiled back. There was an awkward silence for a moment. Jake pretended to go ahead with the awkwardness.
"Well…" he tried to act short on words and gave a sheepish smile again, "Are you here for the summer?"
"No… No… I have shifted permanently here since last three months," she said.
Again, there was a moment of silence.
"I am Jake by the way," he tried to take the conversation further.
"I am Natalie," she replied back and held her hand out. He shook it immediately. It was much softer than he had anticipated. However, he noticed something else on her other hand. There was a mark made by wearing a ring. He shrugged the thought for a moment.
"I am sorry for being impolite," he said, "The house is a mess. I would have surely asked you in."
"It's alright. You are here for some time. Aren't you?" she asked with question filled eyes.
"Yeah… at least a month," Jake answered promptly.
There was again that awkward silence.
"I better get going now," she said and looked at him. He just nodded. Jake kept looking at her till she entered the porch. As expected, she looked at him one last time before getting inside. Jake looked at the box of sandwiches and gave a beaming smile.

