

TALK TO ME

The Public Lives Series, Part 1
By
Clare James






Copyright © 2014 Clare James
Smashwords edition
 
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, transmitted, downloaded, distributed, stored in or introduced into any information storage and retrieval system in any form or by any means, whether electronic or mechanical, without express permission of the author, except by a reviewer who may quote brief passages for review purposes.
This is a work of fiction and any resemblance to any person, living or dead, or any events or occurrences, is purely coincidental. The characters and story lines are created from the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. 
Cover design by Berto Designs. Cover image used under license from shutterstock.com. Editing by Sara Biren, SP Critique and Editing Services.  
Praise for Talk to Me:
 
"This is a must read!! I absolutely LOVED this book! I cannot wait to read the 2nd in this series!"  -Shanyn, Lustful Literature
 
"5 STAR- This book was so so good! I couldn't put it down. The chemistry between Casey and Finn was so well written I thought I was right there with them peeking at their most intimate moments. I can't wait for part two!" -TLBC's Book Blog
"Funny, hot, fantastic, refreshing light read!! I loved this book. A real page turner that grips you from page 1, I read this novel in one sitting, absolutely fantastic read.” -Hooked on Books 
"5- Stars. WOW HOT I just finish reading this book, and I have to say I love it.” -Anny Books 
“The chemistry was strong, and the sexual tension was mind-blowing! I fell in love with the mystery, and the ending is killing me. I can’t wait for the next one in the series!”-Book Freak Blog 
 
"Steamy read filled with a whole lot of suspense. From the very first page you get sucked into the plot." -Kawehi's Book Blog
 
"ARGH! I need book 2 now!" -Cocktails and Books

"I enjoyed reading about Finn and Casey. The author did a good job with the mystery. Will Casey deliver a story on Finn to move herself up?? Will Finn find out Casey's true intentions.... are they still her intentions.... we will have to wait and see!!!!" -Broadway Girl Book Reviews
 

“There are two sayings that are familiar in every news room across the country: 1) sex sells; 2) if it bleeds it leads.”
-Armstrong Williams 

TEASER (n.):

A television broadcast term that describes
a short clip of video used to entice viewers to tune in.

Casey
In broadcast journalism, there are lines a reporter should never cross. Rules a reporter should always follow. A code of ethics one should abide by.
And then there was the way I did things.
A few weeks into my secret assignment, I had basically sold my soul to get the story. 
I was a bloody mess sitting on Finn effing Daley’s kitchen counter — my skin torn and mangled with rivers of crimson running down my thigh and puddling in my socks. The unusually warm fall day had me wearing my favorite blue running shorts and a T-shirt — an outfit that allowed for such an injury, and one that now felt exceedingly indecent. Especially when he stood so close that I could feel his breath marking my skin. 
Finn ran his hand through his hair and tugged it — at the root — twice. I would later learn this was one of his tells — a sign that he was losing control. When he looked back up at me, his eyes dilated. All the softness in his gaze had grown hard. Gone was the sweet caretaker intent on patching up my injured legs. This guy looked more like the violent hockey player on the ice who bashed players into the boards whenever he got the chance. Fans called him the Angel of Death. 
Beautiful, but deadly.
His unexpected retirement also happened to be the biggest sports mystery of our time. One I intended to solve.
“It’s no accident that you just happened to be riding your bike past my house, is it?” Finn asked, backing up from me. “No accident that we keep running into each other?”
“What do you mean?” I said, holding my breath. There was no way he could’ve known who I really was or what I was really doing there.
Just play it cool, Casey. 
“I admit,” he laughed, balling his hands up into fists. “It’s been awhile since I had a little visitor. I guess I should be flattered that the girls haven’t forgotten about me. Who sent you? Gina? Heather?”
He moved in closer and my heart thrashed around in my chest. I had no idea what he was talking about, but it couldn’t have been good. I tipped my chin up so he’d know I wasn’t afraid. He would not intimidate me.
If I were producing this clusterfuck of a story for TV news, I would definitely use this scene as the Teaser. I had learned that starting a story with blood and the hint of sex was pure magic. It didn’t get much better for the viewing audience.
Looking back, however, I guess there was more than just a hint of sex that day — so there’d have to be some major editing done before it ever hit the air.
Consider this the unabridged version. 

Chapter 1
STAGGER-THROUGH (n.):
The first TV rehearsal with the camera rolling.

Casey
“Are you fucking kidding me?” I asked Jonathan, while checking out my new wardrobe in the mirror. “You can see my areolas in this shirt.”
I dropped into the chair in one of the private green rooms Jonathan was able to snag for us and buried my face in my hands. I couldn’t believe that after all I accomplished in college — my nearly perfect GPA, the media awards and accolades, and the breaking news stories that actually made a difference in the community — I was here in whorewear trying out for a job as a KXAA Sports Girl. 
Yes, despite our journalistic forewomen’s best efforts to get the Weather Bunnies of the 70s off the air, they had been reincarnated in the very peppy KXAA Sports Girls. 
Go team!
“Trust me, you can’t see your areolas,” Jonathan said with a blush. “If you could, I’d be breaking out in a sweat by now.” 
“Dude,” I said, peeking through my fingers. “You really need to get some, instead of lusting after my business all the time.”
“You should talk. How many months have you been here now? And I’ve yet to see anyone in your business.”
“That’s because you’re cockblocking me all the time.”
He rolled his eyes, but I wanted more. I was pissy and ready for a fight.
 Jonathan was my best friend from UMD — actually, one of my only friends. I would like to believe it was because I was new to the Twin Cities and spent all my time working. But that’s not why. I had the tendency to rub people the wrong way. 
“Whatever. If you didn’t have me, you’d be back in Duluth crying in your beer. You certainly wouldn’t have this opportunity land in your lap.” 
I flipped him off in response, the mature and professional woman I was.
Jonathan and I worked on our college news program together before he graduated. As expected, he landed a video photog spot right away. At Minnesota’s highest ranking TV station, no less. It wasn’t a surprise. He killed it behind the camera. 
Minneapolis/St. Paul is a market 15 news station, which is impressive in its own right. But to land the job right out of college without making any stops in Bumfuck, North Dakota? It was virtually unheard of. Most of us would land a position at a tiny town where the top news of the day would be the farm report or a kids’ spelling bee. Then you’d be expected to work around the clock for minimal pay, all the while praying for at least a few decent news stories to put on an audition reel. After that you’d start over at a slightly bigger station and so on and so forth. Then, if you were lucky, you’d work your way up into a top 20 market before hitting your thirtieth birthday.  
I wasn’t so lucky.
When I graduated last spring, I got nada. No callbacks. No interest. Nothing from the dozens of resumes I sent out. Not that I was surprised. After fighting off the sleazy advances from my limp dick department chairman all year, I assumed he’d get me back in some way. I later found out that one of his minions tracked all the stations where I sent my resume. Then Limp Dick made a few calls, and just like that I was blacklisted. 
Every night, I prayed that he would be struck down with anal warts. 
Thank god I still had Jonathan. 
He was able to pull some strings and get me into the KXAA newsroom as an intern. Though it was several heads lower on the totem pole than I expected, it worked out okay. 
In June, I moved into my brother’s place in the quaint river village of Stillwater — beautiful, small, and fairly close to the TV station in St. Paul — and worked my ass off for three months. I loved every second of it.  But even without having to pay rent, I still burned through what little savings I had by working for free all summer. And when the dog days were over, so was my job. Not one department had an opening.
Except for the sports department. That’s when Jonathan had the brilliant idea of the Sports Girl position. I so wanted to cut the bastard for suggesting it, but in all honesty, I needed the money. They currently had openings for the basketball and hockey beats, and Jonathan said I was a shoo-in.  
Sports Girls are KXAA’s cheesy gimmick to rope in viewers and up their ratings. They are the magical link between the fans and the players, responsible for the pre- and post-game coverage for every sports team in the state, as well as interviews during the games. And they do it all while wearing tight team jerseys and pearly white smiles. Sad thing is? It’s working. KXAA’s game coverage has never been better. 
“Well, let’s get on with it,” I said to Jonathan. “Stop staring at my tits and help me get this slimy gig.”
Jonathan brushed me off and set up his camera so I could do a practice run. “It won’t be that bad,” he said, trying to divert his eyes from the girls. My girls. He was pretty darn cute as he did it too — clean cut and as wholesome-looking as you could get: blonde hair, blue eyes, and the just the sweetest face. I loved to fuck with him. 
But this wasn’t a good sign — if my very gentlemanly platonic friend couldn’t fight a sneak peek at the goods, what were the viewers going to do when they got a load of this getup?
“No,” I disagreed. “It’s worse. How will anyone ever take me seriously?”
“Because they won’t have a choice when they get to know your brilliant mind like I do,” Jonathan said.
I scoffed and he put his arm around my shoulders, trying to calm me down. I so didn’t deserve him. 
“Once you land your national correspondent position, these will be the days you laugh about. You’ll also be forever kissing my ass because this will be the job that gets you noticed.”
“Right.”  
“Do you know how many serious journalists were beauty queens before they got their big break? Or how many female sports reporters started as cheerleaders?”
“That’s disgusting,” I said, wrapping my arms over my chest. “And depressing.”
“Things are changing, Casey.” He smiled. “You are allowed to be both beautiful and intelligent. This is good news for women like you.”
“Watch it,” I told him. 
My looks were a bit of a sore spot with me. I’d grown up hearing it all from my mother. “Casey, you’d get more boys if you took off your glasses, if you wore your hair down, if you tried.” Well, I didn’t want to try, dammit. I liked my comfortable clothes and I preferred to have my hair off my face and my glasses on. The thought of sticking plastic in my eyes creeped me out; make-up made me itchy; and I once sprained my ankle trying to walk in heels at prom. 
Of course, with my mother, there was much more to her criticisms. 
“I need to white balance and then we’re good to go,” Jonathan said.
I held up my reporter’s notebook so he could make the camera adjustments and said, “Let’s do it.” 
The producers had already watched my college newsreel and the stand-ups we recorded over the summer. They liked me enough to promise the role of production assistant when my internship was up, but that was before the budget cuts. Jonathan said the loss was a blessing in disguise. He didn’t want me pigeonholed. He said I was talent — something broadcasting people called the anchors and reporters — and not someone who should be working behind the scenes. At the moment, I would’ve given anything to be working behind the scenes instead of preparing to pimp myself out for the world to enjoy.
But it was too late for that.
Jonathan and I did a few more practice runs, and I pretended to ignore the other women coming in and out of the audition. 
“Casey Scott,” the speaker in the dressing room rang out. “Casey Scott to the studio.”
“Go get ’em, Scott,” Jonathan said, with a little swat to my butt. “And don’t forget to smile.”
Aw, shit. That was the part I always forgot. At UMD, the crew used to joke about my intense reporting and stoic expressions. Apparently I was wound a little tight. They teased me relentlessly and even made a gag video for me at graduation. They spliced in new audio on all of my stand-ups to cover my voice. Things like:
This is Casey Scott, and I’m very constipated right now.
No, that isn’t a stick up my ass, I’m just reporting the news.
And I won’t even go into all the comments about my tits.  
Fuckers. 
Maybe Jonathan had a point. I could at least pretend to enjoy myself out there.
Once I walked into the studio, I was given three different scenarios for my audition. During two of them, I would read off the teleprompter for: a crowd shot at the Wild hockey game and a bar shot before the Timberwolves tipoff. The third was a twenty-second ad lib about why I wanted to be a KXAA Sports Girl. 
I looked over the copy, worked out my answers to the questions, and before I was even ready, the camera operator gave me a countdown. Three, two, one …. 
Barbara Walters, Diane Sawyer, and Christiane Amanpour, please forgive me, but a girl’s gotta eat. 
“Hey, sports fans.” I raised my voice a full octave and — I’m mortified to say — bounced a little. “I’m your new KXAA Sports Girl, Casey Scott.” 
And that’s how I began my descent into hell. 

Chapter 2
On the set of Good Morning U.S.A
Five Months later


Finn 

Anchor/Kiki Stuart: Good Morning, U.S.A. I’m sure you all remember this guy sitting to my left. All-star NHL forward. Notorious bad boy. Mysterious recluse. The man who has been in hiding for nearly a year. We are so pleased to welcome the one and only Finn Daley to our program today. 
Finn Daley: Thanks for having me.
Anchor/Kiki Stuart: It is our pleasure, Finn. So let’s get right to it, shall we? 
Finn Daley: Okay?
Anchor/Kiki Stuart: I want to know — I think we all want to know — what has brought you out of hiding to be with all us on this beautiful day? 
Finn Daley: Good question.
Anchor/Kiki Stuart: Now don’t be coy with me, Finn. We’ve gotten bits and pieces of the story from the local news in the Twin Cities, but we want to hear it all from the horse’s mouth. 
Finn Daley: How ’bout a jackass’s mouth?
Anchor/Kiki Stuart: That would do us all just fine, but let’s not upset the FCC. Keep it clean.
Finn Daley:  Fair enough. Well, to answer your question, Kiki, I’m out of hiding — and agreed to be on the show — because of the girl. 

***

In February, 2013, I appeared on Good Morning U.S.A. 
I was quite pissed about it. 
The entire thing was Casey’s fault and I wasn’t sure I could ever forget how she got me into this fucking PR disaster. Casey Scott is an infuriating little snake of a girl who walked into my life and stirred everything the fuck up. She’d be angry as hell, too, if she knew I called her a girl. Bossy little shit that she is. But I call ’em as I see ’em. And though she may live in a woman’s body — a very womanly one at that — she was still very much a child at times. 
She’d say the same about me, I’m sure.
Still, maybe if I was a little stronger — and a lot sharper — I wouldn’t have been crammed into a tiny, rigid chair under burning stage lights being interviewed by yet another talking head. I’d be sitting on the deck of my Stillwater home with a cup of coffee in hand watching the boats float up and down the St. Croix River. Of course, the docs told me that caffeine isn’t good for people with my — ah — issues. But it’s the one vice I refused to give up. 
Okay, make that two vices.
Kiki Stuart cleared her throat and I wondered how long she’d been waiting for me to answer the question. I used to space out like that all the time. That’s the way it was for most of my life — always asking people to repeat themselves, or nodding like I knew what was going on when I really had no clue. I called it my mental fog. For that last year, things had been so much better. I was undergoing treatment and only had one bad slip-up to answer for. 
I would actually say I was happy. I was present and I was living. Things were good.
“So about the girl, as you call her,” Kiki continued. “How did the two of you meet?”
Kiki Stuart was the complete opposite type of journalist that Casey was. While I was waiting in the green room, I heard a few members of the crew call her an Anchorette. They also referred to her as the Haircut — as in, “Get the Haircut on set, we go live in five minutes.” Whether she deserved it or not, I’m not sure. 
But that type of shit made Casey cringe, and after paying attention to the way some women were treated in the business, I can’t say I blame her. Though I never really did pay attention until I got to know Casey. Then again, she made sure to pound points like this into my skull whenever she got the chance. I couldn’t help the turn of my lips whenever I thought about her. Even after everything that had happened.
Kiki Stuart wasn’t much older than Casey, and damn, she was the epitome of perky. Springy blonde shoulder-length hair; ridiculously adorable dimples; and unnaturally blue eyes and white teeth. 
“Well,” I said to Kiki, trying to pretend that I was just talking to her instead of the entire country. “Our meeting was purely coincidental the first few times we met. Or so I thought.”
“What do you mean the first few times? Don’t you only meet someone once?”
“Apparently not with this girl,” I answered. 
“I’m intrigued,” Kiki said. “Well then, start at the beginning and tell us about the first time.”  
Chapter 3
SPIDEY SENSE (n.):
The feeling a reporter gets when they uncover a promising news lead.

Casey

I am ashamed to say the bouncing worked. I got the job. 
And though Jonathan wanted to go out and celebrate, I wasn’t sure this news warranted such extremes. The steady paycheck, however, gave me all the feels.
My first week on the job was a blur of hair and make-up appointments; jersey fittings; tours of all the pro and college stadiums in the Twin Cities; meetings with the other girls and crew; and study sessions about the Wild lineup. I was selected as the new ambassador of hockey.  
“Pass me that chicken cutlet,” Mackenzie said, looking at me through the mirror as she fussed with her cleavage. 
I was getting ready to do my promo spots for the season and Mack was about to head out for her Monday Night Football cut-in. While I was new to hockey, Mackenzie had covered Vikings football for the past two years.  
“The what?” I asked, confused as to why she wanted to eat a piece of chicken when she was almost ready to go on air. 
“That fake boob over there.” She nodded to the table behind me. “The piece of silicone that looks like a chicken cutlet with a nipple on it?”
“Oh.” I slapped a hand to my forehead. “Of course, the chicken cutlet.”
Mackenzie sighed, clearly annoyed with my sarcasm. Yes, she might have looked like a bimbo, but she wasn’t stupid. 
“Don’t judge,” she said. “I’m trying to up my ratings and not all of us are blessed with a spectacular rack like you, K.C.”
She paused between each letter, over annunciating my on-air name. All the Sports Girls went by their first name only. Some real; some fake. I had the feeling Mackenzie was really born a Jill or Jane. She loved to go for the more elaborate (shall we say, enhanced) version of herself. Her name also allowed for some fun banter with her viewers — mainly a bunch of horny college boys and middle-aged men who were fond of saying they were having a Mack Attack. 
Our sports producer, Phil, loved her. She brought in the best ratings and her public appearances were standing room only. She made him look good, and that’s really all he cared about. 
Phil was a bit older than I, maybe late twenties, and on the fast track. The guy lived at the station and ate fast food round the clock. He had a paunchy belly and skin so pale it looked like he hadn’t seen daylight in years. The crew called him The Mole. And though his appearance was unpleasant at best, his personality was even worse.  
When I told him I didn’t want to use a stage name, that I’d rather use my given name of Casey Scott so that I could put my stand-ups on my reel when I applied for actual reporting jobs, he dismissed me with a pat on the head. I shit you not. 
“Well, for one,” he began, taking great pleasure in schooling me, “you’re not allowed to use your last name. There are creepers out there and we don’t need anyone stalking you. And two, we need something a little more memorable. Let’s at least spice up your first name. Use the initials K.C. instead of the spelled-out version. It’s more fun that way. And shit knows, we need all the fun we can get with you.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” I asked. 
“Look,” he said, putting a hand on my shoulder. 
I shook it off and took a step back.
He groaned. “See, this is what I’m talking about. Jonathan recommended you and I respect him. You had a great audition and your looks obviously fit the bill. You’re a hot girl. It’s just that you’re too serious. Our viewers like easy, breezy. This isn’t CNN for fuck’s sake. Can you just take it down a notch?”
I hated that little mole right from the start.
“Sure,” I said, all sweet. “I get it now. You want me to go out there, introduce the players and games, give a slice of life as a fan, shake my tits, and pretend I don’t have a brain in my head? Is that the gist?”
“Now you got it.” He laughed. “Work on your reel on your own time. And if you bring me a good story, I might even air it.”
He was such a dick, but he was right. 
That’s exactly what I had to do — spend every spare second working on my reel. I’d come up with something so good, Phil wouldn’t be able to resist. The only issue was that he usually worked on longer pieces for the sweeps ratings periods (just four times a year in November, February, May, and July). With only a few weeks left in the month, I wouldn’t have time to get something in for November sweeps, but I could make the next period in February. Still, I’d have to work fast to come up with something that would get his rocks off. 
In the meantime, I would have to stay on his good side. 
I passed the chicken cutlet to Mackenzie and watched her primp, hoping to get some tips.
Like the man said, CNN this was not. 
As I looked at myself in the mirror with my limp shoulder-length dark hair, olive skin, dark eyes, and long lashes (which I used as my excuse for not needing make-up), I realized I absolutely should follow Mackenzie’s lead. Though she was right, I didn’t need the chicken cutlets. But a push-up bra, some lip gloss, and a proper hairstyle might do wonders. 
Yes, I could play nice at the station and work on my stories on my own time. I just needed a good lead. Crack one story and I could be on way. 
Then I could tell Phil to go fuck himself. 
I indulged in that fantasy for the rest of the afternoon.  

***

For the next week, I studied the sports archives, kept my ears and eyes open, and racked my brain for a story that would blow Phil away. But even after seven days, I had no good leads. And my unfortunate job was really getting in the way.
“Case, you have to mix it up with the fans,” Jonathan said during our shoot outside the Xcel Energy Center — the arena for the Wild. “A few MOS interviews, please.”
Ugh, I fucking hated man-on-the-street interviews. 
“Easy for you to say,” I told him. “Did you see that teenage boy grab my ass the first time I tried it?” 
“I promise,” he said. “You get the interviews, and I’ll watch your ass.”
“Super.” I glared at him. 
“You know what I mean,” he said. “Let’s just get ’er done.”
“I’m going to pretend that you didn’t say that.”
Ignoring me, Jonathan flipped the camera up on his shoulder and put in his ear bud, indicating it was time to move. I nodded and headed toward the people shuffling into the X. The handheld microphone slipped in my sweaty palms as I scanned the crowd for a friendly face. 
After several minutes under Jonathan’s impatient gaze, I found two of them.
“This way.” I motioned toward an elderly couple. They must have been in their eighties and completely smitten with each other. They held hands as they walked toward the arena decked out in their Wild gear. 
“Excuse me,” I said. “I’m with KXAA —”
“You’re one of those Sports Girls,” the older man interrupted. “How sweet.”
The woman slapped him on the arm. “Don’t mind him,” she said. “That man doesn’t get out much. What do you need, dear?”
“I’m gathering interviews for tonight’s game and would like to ask you a few questions. Would that be okay?”
“Are you kidding?” the woman said, pointing to her husband. “That would make this one’s week.”
So I got my first interview of the evening: The Bednerskis from Northeast Minneapolis. The Polish couple was a riot, and they had the best stories about Minnesota hockey. I loved how they played off of each other without even trying and the way they were always touching. I envied them and could’ve talked all night, but after a good ten minutes, Jonathan signaled to me that it was time to move on.
Later, I chatted with some high school girls who came down from the Iron Range; a young guy who was planning to propose to his girlfriend; and a few families.
Then, in the middle of my very enlightening interview with a three-year-old boy, he walked by.   
My eyes instantly zoomed in on his scar. It was the first thing I noticed.  A jagged line that began at the middle of his forehead and disappeared into his dark eyebrow. 
It was him. There was no doubt. But he was in disguise.  
Yes, he could hide everything else. His tight athletic body under ill-fitting sweats. His piercing gray eyes under a pair of dark sunglasses. His sculpted face (which, incidentally, should’ve belonged to a classic movie star rather than a hockey player) covered under a week’s worth of scruff. 
His scar, however, was not meant to be hidden. 
Finn Daley got that badge of honor in his first NHL game. It made a bloody mess of the ice, not to mention his beautiful mug. Somehow, on him, the scar worked.  A flaw to show he really was human. 
It was a risky move, coming to the arena. The place he announced his retirement just a few months earlier. 
Number four hadn’t given any explanation that May day. The Wild had made it to playoffs, but lost in the second round. At a press conference after the game, Daley announced he wasn’t coming back. The team, the coaches, the players, and the rest of Minnesota were left stunned. Nobody knew why, or at least nobody was talking. 
I decided then and there to change all that.  
When I saw him walk by, two things happened simultaneously. I abruptly ended my interview and my body buzzed at the sight. Then I used my phone to take a photo for verification. My brain knew what to do, even if my body couldn’t quite process it.  Finn Daley was spectacular, even in disguise. 
This story could be as big as Lance Armstrong doping or the Tiger Woods sex scandal. The thought of breaking it made me all tingly inside. I wasn’t sure at the time how I would pull off a story of this magnitude. All I knew was that I needed him — needed his story to help me with mine.  
Still, as I watched him, I found it incredibly sad that he was out here sneaking around, going into the arena to watch the game by himself when he should’ve been out there on the ice. But I was also too giddy to let my heart have much play. As a reporter, not many stories land in your lap, and this was a career-making lead. If I could find out why Finn Daley left hockey, I would be well on my way out of this stupid gig and into a real newsroom. 
And getting close to such a fine specimen to uncover his story? Well, there were some perks to this job after all.
“Okay, J,” I said. He’d already shot my intro and the fan interviews were done so I had a little bit of time to track down Mr. Daley. “I think you got some good stuff.”
“Yeah,” he said. “Great stuff, actually. I’ll get in the truck and beam it back.”
 “Okay, then.” I continued watching Finn from the periphery. He was almost at the door. “I’m going to go in.”
Jonathan stopped, grabbed my arm, and studied my face. “I’ve seen this look before, Scott. What are you up to?”
“Don’t know yet,” I said, not ready to tell him about the story I had taking shape in my head. “I just have a few ideas floating around.” 
“Go after it then,” he called out. 
But I already broke into a run. “Meet you inside for our first live shot.”  
 “Good luck,” he said. 
I went in through the same doors I saw Finn enter. I flashed my media badge and searched for a tall frame in a blue cap. I don’t know who he thought he was fooling with the get-up. Of course, with my dry spell, my radar for hot man meat was at an all-time high.
Inside the arena, there was no sign of him. I paced the floor and took inventory of every man over six feet. No luck. I knew I lost him, so I went up to the press box to watch the game.
It was lively as usual. Two rival reporters from the Minneapolis and St. Paul newspapers were in the middle of some argument about the Wild versus the North Stars, the hockey team the state lost to Dallas in 1993. It was a discussion that got heated fast and one that led to another comparison: Dino Ciccarelli of the old North Stars versus Finn Daley of the new Wild. 
My ears perked up as the men hashed out the best and worst of each player.
“Point is,” the St. Paul reporter said. “We’ll never know just how great Daley was because his career was over before it ever really began.”
“What I would’ve done to be a fly on the wall when Daley told the staff he quit,” the Minneapolis reporter said.
I took in their every word, thinking to myself, what I wouldn’t give to be the person to tell the whole story. 
Before this job, I had little interest in hockey. But the more I watched and learned, the more I enjoyed it. There were a few little scuffles, one full-on fight, some blood, and quite a good track of songs to go with the action. Plus, the Wild were up by two. It was really beginning to grow on me. 
“Hey,” Jonathan said when he caught up with me in the middle of the first period. “Good news. Phil said everything was fine.”
“Fine,” I huffed. 
“And, the ten o’clock producer loved your interviews, especially the Polish couple. He’s using that one as the kicker tonight.”
“Really?” I practically squealed. The kicker is just the fluff piece at the end of a news broadcast, but it’s still news. And my story was going on air!
“Really,” Jonathan said. “That’s a first step. Now if you’d just hurry up and get that story for sweeps.” 
Oh, I got it, my friend. I so got it.
I left Jonathan to scout out a location for our live shot, skipping my way down the hall, unable to take my mind off Finn Daley.

Chapter 4


Finn

Anchor/Kiki Stuart: So, you first saw her outside the arena? 
Finn Daley: Yeah. That’s right. 
Anchor/Kiki Stuart: Why were you there, Finn? 
Finn Daley: I couldn’t stay away from the guys. The team. The game. Plus, I had been toying around with an idea.

Shit. The goddamn cameraman snuck up on me. I usually avoided them at all costs, but I didn’t even notice this guy approach. I was not on my game tonight.
My first thought was that he was following me. Until I spotted her. 
I used to be the kind of guy who would openly gawk at beautiful women. I had no filter — never learned control or respect because I didn’t need to. I had always been a sports star. Even as a kid, people treated me differently because of hockey — which meant a lot of free passes. My poor mom was never in a position to teach me any better and Dad was always checked out, too consumed with Mom and her issues. Childrearing, needless to say, came in a distant fifth or sixth on their list of priorities. 
The girl in front of the camera almost stopped me dead in my tracks. Almost. Survival meant I had to keep walking. When I glanced in her direction, she tipped her head at me and smiled. Right in the middle of her interview. A familiar sensation pulled low in my gut, and I sized her up in seconds. Curvy brunette; fresh-faced and bright eyes; seemingly oblivious to her beauty as she talked to a little boy. 
A year ago, I would’ve sent someone over to bring her to me without hesitation. Then, I would’ve kept her up all night exploring every tempting inch of her body. 
I was no longer that guy.
Pity.
I pulled my hat down and hurried into the arena, relishing in the putrid smell I couldn’t believe I missed. The crisp chemical fragrance of the ice and Zamboni; the old beer spilled on the floor; the popcorn scents in the stands. 
It was home. And also a place I could be recognized at any second, which was why I rarely left the house. Sometimes I didn’t know why I put myself through this. Looking over my shoulder constantly, all the while feeling the eyes burn into my skin. 
I may need to grow a full beard if I planned to come to any more games. 
The guys filtered out and the fans cheered. It had the adrenaline pumping thick through my veins and I craved an endorphin rush. The scratching sounds on the ice and slap of the sticks were music to my ears. I was lost for a while, until I felt the eyes on me again.  
I desperately wanted a beer or something to take the edge off. Too bad that wasn’t on the menu anymore. Instead, I got up to walk it off. Most likely a stupid mistake. Getting up probably drew even more attention my way, yet I couldn’t sit still.
It didn’t help when I went out to the concourse and saw her again. She stood in a corner by one of the hockey memorials, assessing herself in the reflective glass. She smoothed out her T-shirt and messed with her hair.  Not primping really, more like minimizing. 
I wanted to get closer, get a better look at her. 
“Looking good,” I called out to get her attention. It was an amateur move, but I wanted to see her eyes again. She didn’t turn around. Instead, she raised her arm, flipped me the bird, and went back into the arena.   
A laugh ripped out of me so deep, it took me by surprise. Because she took me by surprise. Feisty little tiger, that one.  
It wasn’t all bad, her retreat allowed me to enjoy the view of her tasty ass shaking the entire way inside.
***

Back in my seat, I tried to get the girl out of my head to focus on Nate. He was the only person I kept in contact with in this world. The only link to my past. Though, he thought I still had a future. 
He was the only person who knew the truth. 
Nate and I came up to the NHL at the same time. And shit, had he grown as a player in the three short years. He practically flew across the ice and it was like he could see the opponents’ plays even before they happened. He was always at the right place at the right time. 
It was no different tonight. Nate played an impressive game. He scored the winning goal and I warmed with pride. He deserved all the attention and glory that had finally come his way.  
Walking out into the night, instead of fucking off with the guys in the locker room, hurt more than I cared to admit. I missed rehashing the game with the guys. Missed talking trash with Nate. 
Finally pulled your head out of your ass to make a shot, I texted him when I got home.
Better late than never, Hack, he replied. 
Celebrating then I assume? I asked.
Just a small group at the house. Stop by?
I waited a beat, remembering all those small gatherings at the house. I didn’t miss the partying, necessarily. The women, though. That I missed. 
Gina’s here, Nate provoked.
Don’t think so. 
Despite the dry spell, the idea of spending the night with her did nothing for me. Maybe because all my dirty thoughts involved the girl at the X. 
Pathetic. 
I tucked my phone away, knowing Nate and I would continue the ribbing in the morning.
But morning didn’t come soon enough. 
Chapter 5
SOURCE (n.):
Someone (or something) that supplies a reporter with valuable information.

Casey

The first few weeks of the hockey season flew by. When I wasn’t working, I was studying Finn Daley. It was past time to take a break from it all and earn my keep.
On Saturday morning, I went down to the marina with Zack. My big brother worked seasonal jobs because his furniture design company wasn’t enough to pay rent for his beat-down beach house. Since I wasn’t contributing yet, I helped him at the marina whenever I could. 
I loved being near the water. Growing up on Lake Superior was all I knew, but something about this place along the river felt even more like home. The area was an eclectic group of fixer-uppers in the more hidden areas of the village; quaint saltbox houses and bungalows around the center; and elegant monstrosities on the riverfront. 
I had no doubts that Zack would be in one of those someday. Each piece of furniture he built was a work of art. 
We got moving on the first boat right away. It was time to winterize all the cruisers that spent the lazy summer months on the river, and with only a small window of time to do it, the work could get backed up fast. Zack started with the fluids. He made sure the gas tank was half full and added the stabilizer. Then he focused on the valves and spark plugs. I had no idea what he did with these things, but I knew the order of business. 
“Hey, can you get some more antifreeze from the back?” Zack asked. 
I scrounged around for it and grabbed a few jugs. I also grabbed a few more cleaning supplies I needed for detailing. Once my arms were full, I joined Zack, who was busy chatting up one of the members. 
I’m not sure how he did it. Most of the members were all right. Decent really, but damn, some of them were such pompous a-holes. Zack treated them all the same though, and they all loved him. My brother got all the charisma in the family. He said I got the looks. 
He was a big, fat liar. 
And I don’t know what I would do without him. Our childhood wasn’t the easiest. Our parents had a shotgun wedding when Mom found out she was pregnant with Zack. It didn’t last. My father left when Zack and I were toddlers. Mom said he suffered from some sort of substance abuse problem. What that substance was, nobody knew. 
Mom never recovered. I think that’s why she focused on me so much — my looks, my love life. She wanted to be sure I could hold onto a man so I wouldn’t end up like her. I wished she’d understand that I could be happy without one. 
Looking at myself in one of the boats’ windshields, however, I realized she might have a point. I needed a little TLC.  I wore my black-framed nerd glasses and my hair was in two tiny braids that barely grazed my shoulders, with loose pieces unraveling in every direction. I had only been at the shop a few hours and I already had dirt smeared across my face and the chest of my now dingy white T-shirt. Mom would not be happy. 
“I’ll get going on the blue one,” I said to Zack as I dropped the antifreeze by his feet. 
“Great. Thanks, Case,” he said, before continuing his conversation.
“Same deal as last year,” a man with an insanely deep voice told Zack, causing me to look up.
I knew that voice. 
Of course I did. I listened to it in hundreds of interviews over the past few weeks. 
Finn Daley met my gaze and smiled, with what looked to be a flash of recognition in his eyes. Even though that wasn’t possible.
“Hi,” he said and I felt the same zing I felt when I saw him for the first time at the X.
 “Finn, this is my sister, Casey,” Zack said. “Casey, Finn.”
I held up a hand, unsure what to say, before Zack led him outside. I couldn’t believe I had been studying this guy twenty-four, seven, and here he was in my backyard.  
Zack was holding out on me, and I couldn’t wait to corner him. 

***

“So, you’re buds with Finn Daley,” I said when my brother returned. 
“I wouldn’t say buds, but yeah, I’ve been taking care of his boat for a few years now.”
“How could you not tell me this?” I shrugged, trying to play it cool, but also knowing I had to work my sources. Who knew my brother would be one of them?
“Because of the look you’re giving me right now,” he told me. “I really don’t want my sister getting all misty-eyed over someone like Finn Daley. It’s bad enough I have to worry about you when you go to work with all those guys.”
This was news to me.  
“What do you mean someone like Finn Daley? It seemed as though you really liked the guy,” I said, feeling slightly defensive of him. I had no idea why.
“I do like the guy, but not for my sister. I’ve heard some bad shit about him, Case. There was some fucked up stuff going down at his place on the ridge when he was still with the Wild.”
“He lives on the ridge?”
“Yeah.” 
“Do you know why he retired?”
“Why are you going all reporter on me?”
“Because Finn Daley is the biggest mystery in sports in this town, and if I found out why, it would get me out of the tight T-shirts and into the newsroom. I’ve been praying for a lead, little did I know I could’ve just asked you. Spill it, what do you know?”
“I take care of his boat and that’s it.”  
“Come on, Zack. Don’t hold out on me. I’m almost a month into this stupid contract at KXAA. I need to get working on my story.”
“He’s a pretty good guy now. Likes to boat and build stuff. I get the feeling he likes the simpler things, Case. I don’t think there’s a story here; I think he was just one of those guys who couldn’t handle the fame and fortune.”  
“We’ll see about that.” 
 “Look, the guy is private. It’s one reason we get along. I don’t mention he’s a member and I try my best to be discreet. I don’t like where you’re going with this.”
“Don’t worry, I won’t ruin things for you. I’m just going to follow the lead and see where it goes. And if it goes somewhere, maybe he’ll agree to talk to me.” 
Chapter 6


Finn

Anchor/Kiki Stuart: When did you actually talk to her for the first time? 
Finn Daley: It was at the marina near my home. She was helping her brother work. 
Anchor/Kiki Stuart: What did you think? 
Finn Daley: There are no words. Appropriate words for TV, anyway. Remember the FCC?

I needed to get a grip on this situation. 
Women were making me crazy. Each new one more so than the last. My body was going through pussy withdrawal. And this girl was doing nothing to help it.   
Casey Scott. Sister of Zack. Gorgeous face. Tight little body. Nice tits. Yes, she was definitely fuckable. 
I cringed as the unwelcome thoughts of the old me took over my brain. 
Casey didn’t deserve it. She was a natural girl. Sweet, unpretentious, and — fuck me — she wore the sexiest librarian glasses I’ve ever seen. And the fact that she didn’t flaunt her beauty, or her very feminine form, made her even more appealing. 
So I waited for her at the marina like a fucking teenage kid. 
“Hey,” I called out to Casey when she finally emerged by the docks after her shift was over. 
Too consumed by her bottle of water, she didn’t hear me. She dropped a large box by her feet and took a long drink. I could hardly watch. Everything this girl did seemed erotic to me. I quickly adjusted myself and made my way over to her. 
“Long day?” I asked, unable to shake the feeling that I knew her from somewhere. 
“Not too bad,” she said. “What are you up to out here?”
Stalking you like a freak. 
“Not much, just enjoying the day. You live in the area?” 
 “I do. With my brother. I came down here after I graduated in the spring.”
“Really?” I said, trying to keep up with the casual small talk. “What school?”
“UMD.”
Big hockey school. Very nice. 
“What did you study?” I asked, unable to stop with the questions.
“Writing,” she said, shifting her weight. I was getting the feeling my clumsy interrogation was making her uneasy.
“Very good.” 
“And you?” she asked, taking over. Something I really didn’t care for.
“You mean you really don’t know?” I asked, sure her brother told her who I was.
God, I hated how pretentious that sounded. 
“Kidding,” she said. “Of course I know. I went to one of the most hockey-loving schools ever. You were all people could talk about freshman and sophomore year.”
“Ugh. You make me sound so old.”
She smirked before picking up her box.
I tried to take it from her, but she jerked it away.
Her actions made me grin, and I felt another tingle of recognition I couldn’t place. 
Feisty little tiger. 
“It’s okay,” she said, almost in apology. “I’ve got it.” 
“What’s in there?”
“Just some of my brother’s tools. I’m dropping them at the car.”
“You’re sure I can’t help you?”
“I’m good,” she said. She started to say something else, but I cut her off. 
 It was the most I had talked to a stranger in months and I didn’t want to blow it. Baby steps, my doc always said. Baby steps.   
 
Chapter 7
MISLEAD (v.):
To cause (someone) to have a wrong idea or impression
about someone or something.

Casey

“Hey, babe,” Mackenzie greeted me at the studio on Sunday. “Which do you like better, the Vikings purple with the bling or the tomboy jersey?”
“Does it matter?” I asked.
 “It does if I want to get my Facebook likes up.”
“Facebook likes?”
“Don’t tell me you aren’t working social media,” she said, studying herself in the mirror like usual. “Classic. Maybe you aren’t as smart as I thought.” 
During my initiation, I mean orientation, I vaguely remember taking pictures and filling out a questionnaire for my social media presence. I had done nil with it. Most times, this “job” (and I say that loosely) felt more like a college club than the real deal. 
Mackenzie turned on her heel, her amber locks perfectly pulled into a high tail that swung with each movement. She stuffed a newspaper under her arm and grabbed a seat on the couch. We were waiting for our weekly meeting to begin. She leaned back and opened her Wall Street Journal. 
I was stunned.
“Heavy reading?” I asked, making my way onto a chair.  
“Not if you’re a finance major,” she replied, not looking up from her paper.
“Oh,” I said, still intrigued. “What year are you?” If she was a finance major, she had to still be in school. Maybe she needed extra money like I did. 
“Finished two years ago,” she said. “I’m studying for the Series 7 this week.”
“Going to be a stock broker?”
“Possibly,” she said. “I work at Capital International right now and just want more options.”
“Oh my God, that’s like one of the biggest Fortune 500s in the state.”
“And?”
“Well,” I began. “Please don’t take this the wrong way, but aren’t you embarrassed?”
“About?”
“About all this,” I said. “Being a glorified pin-up girl. How do people take you seriously at work?”
“Well, first of all—” She tipped her head in my direction, like she was preparing to explain a complex subject to a small child. “I like being a glorified pin-up girl. I get daily marriage proposals, hundreds of compliments every time I change my hairstyle, the best seats to any sporting event I want, and the chance to do volunteer work with some of my best friends. It’s not a bad gig, K.C. It’s like a new adventure each week.”
“Yeah, but—”
“But nothing. It’s good exposure and it’s all in good fun. If you don’t like it, there are plenty of girls waiting in line. Give it to one of them. And as far as being embarrassed at work, I’m not. People don’t treat me any differently, because I set the lines. They know better.”
“Really?”
“Really. You don’t have to be so serious all the time, K.C. You are young and smart and gorgeous. You have your cake. Remember to take a bite once in a while.”
But what if my cake was one hot piece of man that I wanted to both devour and expose for my own career?
It had been over twenty-four hours since I saw Finn at the marina, and my thoughts had been on little else since. It didn’t help that I was studying him every chance I got — I had watched almost every piece of video in the archives, as well as anything else I could pick up online. I was obsessed.
I recently discovered that after the initial buzz of his retirement wore off, there was nothing on the guy. It was like he was under some sort of protection. 
Finn had completely closed himself off and become a loner, really. I needed to break through that. I needed him to open the door… just a crack. 
Chapter 8


Finn 

Anchor/Kiki Stuart: So how did you two get together?
Finn Daley: Well, that was a mess for a while. And it didn’t help that I thought she was a Puck Bunny at first. 
Anchor/Kiki Stuart: I do know what that is, but why don’t you fill it in the blanks for those at home. What is a Puck Bunny?
Finn Daley: Those women who hang around the ice for … ah, wait. Let’s just say a Puck Bunny is the equivalent to a groupie in the music world. 
Anchor/Kiki Stuart: And how did that go over? When you thought she was a Puck Bunny, that is.  
Finn Daley: Not as you’d expect. 

“Almost done,” Mia said, putting in the last needle. “Unless there’s anything else bothering you.”
It was only six a.m., but I was an early riser these days. I liked being in that groggy, barely awake frame of mind when Mia worked on me. With what I paid her, she didn’t complain — about the hours or the house calls.
Having money really paid off sometimes. 
“There is something else bothering me,” I told her, surprisingly embarrassed.
“Tell me,” Mia said softly. 
Mia had been coming out to the house to do regular acupuncture as part of my treatment. Nate got a kick out of it. He was absolutely brutal — constantly mocking me for my new alternative lifestyle. He had something to say about everything: my clean diet, the tai chi and acupuncture, even my new decor. Nate joked that I was living at a fucking spa drinking cucumber water and getting facials all day.
Sometimes he wasn’t that far off. Then again, he had never experienced the effects of tiny needles in the skin. Maybe he would’ve been a little more understanding if he had a taste. 
It was life changing. 
“It’s a girl,” I answered Mia’s question. 
“Okay.” I heard the smile in her voice. “I can help.”
At that moment, I was a mass of needles in my face, chest, and abdomen. And now that I confessed to Mia about a girl, she had a few more places to work with. She started with my ears and I swear I felt immediate release, followed by a warm glow. Then she moved to my center, trying to rebalance the yang of my kidneys. They apparently hold the key to all things sexual. 
Christ, maybe Nate was right about me. 
The fact that I knew all this alternative crap was disturbing as shit. Still, I needed to do something. Casey Scott had been in my head for days. I thought the walk home from the marina was uncomfortable. It was nothing compared to the long hours of suffering with my racing thoughts, not to mention the most painful hard-on that never seemed to let up. Hopefully the acupuncture would ease my appetite a little.  
I thought about calling Zack, Casey’s brother, to get more information about her. But shit, he had to know about the rumors about me. Not so sure he’d be thrilled with my interest in his sister. I hadn’t experienced feelings like this since I was sick. My brain worried Casey could be a trigger, but my body didn’t care one bit. 
What were the chances, though, that our worlds would collide like this? It was like fate pushing me toward her. 
Jesus, I needed to get a grip. 
I let Mia finish our session and then I rested, thinking good thoughts, feeling my body heal, and basically acting like a new age pussy. I needed help. 

***

“So do you want to go fishing or what?” Nate called a few hours later. 
“Hasn’t Zack winterized your boat yet?” I asked. Nate didn’t live in Stillwater, but he loved the river and kept a boat out here as well. Zack took care of both of us. 
“Hell, no,” Nate said. “We still have a few good weeks left and I’m not going to waste them.”
“Sorry,” I said. “Now’s not really a good time.” 
“Oh shit, did I interrupt your chi or some shit this morning?”
“No, Mia just left, in fact.”
“Ah, right.” He chuckled. “So you must be all blissed out.”
“Not really,” I told him. “It didn’t help as much as I hoped.”
“Uh-oh, what’s going on?” he asked, all traces of humor gone from his voice now. I hated that I did that to him. As much as he loved to give me shit, he worried about me. 
“Well,” I began, “I met someone.”
“What? When?”
“A few days ago.”
“And?” Nate was suspicious now. Ready for me to confess. As much as he wanted to be supportive, I knew he didn’t really trust that I was okay. He was always waiting for me to fall off the wagon. 
“Nothing happened. But maybe I want something to.”
“What does the doc say?”
“I haven’t mentioned it yet.” 
“Finn, I think maybe you should. Before you do something you regret.”
As usual, Nate was right.
Chapter 9
OBJECTIVITY (n.):
An impartial role that a reporter should
maintain when covering a story.

Casey

In the morning I took my bike out for a spin. A spin down to Finn’s house. Zack wasn’t helpful giving me much information and I exhausted all my resources at the station. It was time to make a move. 
I let myself enjoy the ride for the first few minutes. I loved this part of Stillwater. The old English-styled homes nestled along the river, the rugged cliffs, and flowing water.  
Up on the ridge, Finn had an enormous monster of a house. White with black shutters that stretched for nearly a block. Yet somehow he managed to make it look homey as well as grand. 
Strange. His house wasn’t gated off, but it was tucked away. Maybe people around here just gave him the space he needed. My brother certainly did. 
I looped around the cove, studying everything, trying to figure this guy out. I knew, deep in my gut, that there had to be some juicy reason he left hockey. My Lois Lane sensibilities told me I was onto something here. 
Completely lost in thought, trying to catch a glimpse of Finn in the wall of windows as I slowly coasted along the street, I didn’t notice the dogs approach from the left. If you could even call them dogs. Two enormous, pony-sized Great Danes announced their presence with a thunderous bark. Followed by a terrifying growling noise, like two possessed demons.  
I began to pedal faster, but in all the confusion, I gripped my brake at the same time. A mistake that launched me head first over my bike. I landed in a kneeling position, after doing a full 360 in the air, before falling forward on my stomach. The dogs crouched, ready to charge. I screamed, rolled into the fetal position, and covered my face. 
My legs stung like a motherfucker and the dogs were snapping. Yet it didn’t sound like they had moved any closer to me. 
I peeked out from behind my hands to find them perched on the edge of the property. They were bound by an electric fence, but I didn’t trust that they wouldn’t decide to break through it if something on the other side of it caught their fancy.
“Nice puppies,” I said. “Nice. Nice. Stay there.”
I picked up my bike and slowly slid on, ignoring the pain.  When I took that first pedal, they growled again and the panic was back. I wiped out for a second time, tearing even more skin off my legs. 
“Jesus,” a low voice rang out. 
Shit, shit, shit. 
It was Finn. 
“Retreat,” he said to the beasts. They backed up.
He rushed over to me. “Are you okay?” 
I nodded, keeping my gaze downward. I wasn’t ready for him to see the victim of the almost-mauling. 
“Casey?”
“Hi,” I said. 
“What are you doing out here?”
“On a little bike ride,” I told him.  
 “Man,” he said, wincing at my bloody legs. “You’re hurt.”
“Maybe a little.”
“Let’s get you cleaned up.” He wrapped an arm around my waist and mostly carried me inside. 
The Daley house, though enormous, was stylish and inviting. It was decorated in cool tones of blues and grays — simple lines and rich fabrics. The walls were adorned in modern art. I recognized the colorful work of Paul Klee, Rothko, and Miró. It was tasteful, minimal, and strangely sophisticated for someone like Finn. There was definitely more to this guy than there appeared to be. 
The kitchen was clean and bright, full of cool stainless steel appliances and sleek maple cabinets. It smelled like citrus and coffee. A red mug, bowl of half-eaten granola, and iPad were abandoned on the table. I had obviously interrupted his breakfast.  
He hoisted me up to his counter and I felt light-headed. 
“Wait here,” he said. “I need to get some supplies.”
It was a perfect time for me to snoop, but I didn’t want to drip blood all over the place, so I waited, studying each inch of his home within my line of sight.
“This is going to sting,” Finn said as he dumped out the contents of his first aid kit and opened the bottle of antiseptic. “Can you handle it?”
I didn’t want to admit it, but I was terrible with pain. And blood. I tried to divert my eyes because I knew if I caught a glimpse of my injury, I’d probably throw up. I could feel the saliva pooling in my mouth as it was. 
“Maybe a shot of whiskey or something first?” I asked. “That should take care of it.” 
“Sorry, Casey.” He smiled, lightly rubbing the inside of my calf. “This is a dry house.”
“Really?” I asked, shocked. Finn had quite the reputation for partying. He was always a tabloid favorite. During the hockey season, the weekend gossip programs usually included at least one of Finn’s shenanigans. 
“That’s not what I’ve heard,” I said without realizing it. Shit! My reporter mind had lost its censor. I’d broken the cardinal rule: Never let the subject know what you know. It was crucial for uncovering these types of stories. I wasn’t supposed to know (or care) about Finn’s past. My objective here was to simply begin gaining his trust.  
“Really?” he asked — his question laced with an undercurrent of heat. “Well, don’t believe everything you read.”
“Sorry.” I tried to recover. “I didn’t mean—”
Finn busied himself with the first aid kit. It was a move designed to create some distance, but I could feel his brain working. 
I desperately needed to defuse this situation pronto, but his laughter interrupted me. 
“Ah, I get it now.” He shook his head.
He stopped then, for a fraction too long. 
That should’ve been my warning. My warning to run. Because what happened next, well, that could never be undone. 
Chapter 10


Finn

In my seat across from Kiki, I smiled, thinking about that first time Casey showed up at the house. But I would never utter a word of that little episode to anyone. Ever. 
Three chance meetings. Yes, I might have been on the new age train, but not even I believed that three chance meetings could be a coincidence or destiny or whatever. This girl was playing me in some way. I knew it. She’d come here to offer up favors for bragging rights. Another Puck Bunny preparing for the season. I bet Nate talked Gina into it.
I didn’t want to believe it at first, but realized it had to be Gina who sent her. And as much as I wanted Casey here, this new development was disheartening. Casey Scott did not seem like the type to hang with Gina’s crowd.  But she came here for one reason, and I guess it was time to give it to her. 
Shit knows, I needed it. 
 “It’s no accident that you just happened to be riding your bike past my house, is it?” I asked, fighting the urge to just take her right there. “No accident that we keeping running into each other?”
“What do you mean?” she asked. Her voice was shaking, like maybe it was her first time doing something like this. 
Well, I’d just have to make it extra memorable then.  
Damn, it’d been so long since I’d done anything like this. I know my doc wouldn’t approve, but I was trying. The acupuncture, the exercise, the fucking tea. Nothing was helping where this girl was concerned. 
I just needed to do it and get her out of my system.   
Casey was trying to take control — the beautiful art of seduction. She started to slide down the counter. I wasn’t going to have it. 
I flipped her back up onto the countertop and leaned in to smell her. She didn’t smell sweet like most girls who had come out to the house. Her scent was musk and spice and shit, I couldn’t think straight.  
This girl just might be the death of me. I had to get closer. 
I maneuvered between her scraped legs, careful not to rub up against them. Her eyes grew wide. She was good at playing the innocent girl and fuck if it wasn’t a turn on.  
I took a moment to regulate my breathing, fearing that if I didn’t, this was going to be over in under a minute. I had to look away because her body brought the filthiest of thoughts to my mind.  
When I turned back, Casey was also breathing heavily. She was still, careful not to move. Though it didn’t stop her nipples from tightening under her little T-shirt. I was having a very good effect on this girl, and I couldn’t help but wonder about the other places she was feeling me. 
Suddenly, I had to know if she was wet. 
I took each of her tiny thighs in my hands and pushed them open. “Did you want it like this?” I asked her, after what felt like an hour of silence. 
She didn’t answer right away, so I tried to help her along.
I reached out to stroke her lips, running my thumb across the bottom one. It was so plump I wanted to nip at it, but I’d wait. There’d be plenty of time for that later. I let my hand drop to the soft skin of her neck and watched it travel between her heaving breasts, along her taut stomach, downward to the thin nylon of her shorts. 
I stifled the moan that slipped out when I felt her wet heat.  
Then, I moved my hand away and I swear I could hear her silent protest. 
Don’t worry, baby. It’s not over yet. 
“Or—” I pulled her off the counter and flipped her over it, eliciting a soft moan from her full lips.  
With my hand on the center of her back, I held her in position. It was a sight that would be burned into my brain forever. The smooth olive skin of her ass was peeking out from under her shorts. I had to see more, so I raised her ass up just a little. 
Christ. 
“Wait, Finn,” she said, but I didn’t stop.  
 I couldn’t wait another second to touch her. I reached between her legs, pulled her shorts and panties to the side, and worked my fingers along her seam. She was slick with need, like I was hoping she’d be, and I lost myself in the feel of her. 
She had me by the balls and I knew in that moment I would’ve given her anything she asked for. I stoked her and relished in her whimpers, learning what she liked and what made her crazy. 
“Tell me how you found out about my interests, Casey,” I asked before sliding two fingers so quick and so deep inside her that it made her call out. 
And I did it over and over again. 
“That’s okay,” I said. “I guess I’ll just have to make you talk to me.”  
 I continued fucking her with my fingers, thanking all the Gods when she leaned back into my hand. 
“Tell me,” I repeated. “And I’ll give you what you want.”

Chapter 11
CONFLICT OF INTEREST (n.):
When a reporter has a connection to the story subject or
issue that might influence her reporting.

Casey

Finn tore at my shorts and panties until they were pooled at my ankles. He then placed a strong hand at the center of my back, and kicked my legs further apart as he continued his assault.  
I felt used — a prop for his entertainment. In any normal situation, it would’ve made me shred his balls. I would tell him off and give him a tongue lashing that would forever deflate his massive ego. In the moment, though, all I could think about was using my tongue for other things. 
My body seized in the most pleasurable way, clenching, gripping, from the inside out. I was ready to explode. 
The sensation was so overpowering, it scared the hell out of me. Finn was consuming my body with his hands, taking what he wanted. Still, I knew he was holding back. He was fighting something deep inside and it both scared and excited me. My face was heated and when he turned me around I wanted to beg him not to stop. I wanted to give in.
But I couldn’t. This was too much, and it had gone too far. 
“Stop.” I was finally able to squeeze the words from my throat. “Stop,” I said again, pleading.  
Finn immediately pulled away, and I tried to catch my breath. It was the most intense, most erotic five minutes of my life and I didn’t even have an orgasm. What would this man do with an entire night? The thought had me fighting the urge to pull him back because I desperately wanted to find out.   
When the world stopped spinning, I met his gaze. 
His posture was slumped now; his eyes pained as they looked up at me. Wherever he went in his mind when he was touching me, well, he wasn’t there any longer. He returned and he didn’t look happy to see me. His face flushed, like he was embarrassed. Like he made a huge mistake. 
I wanted to tell him it was okay, that I wanted it. I wanted him to know how much I loved his hands on me. But it was too awkward to say anything. Painfully so.  
“Fuck,” he whispered, running his hands through his hair again. 
“You can say that again,” I blurted.
His eyes went wide, softening. 
“Please,” he said, gently touching my arm. “I can explain. Just wait here a minute. Please, Casey. Please don’t leave.”
He walked down the hall and I watched his every step. 
And that’s when I realized that I was sorry, too. I was aching to be one of those girls, aching for what we had just done to go further. To go all the way. 
What the hell was I doing?
I finally had a lead, a solid lead on a story that could change my life. And I was messing it up on a man who thought of women as playthings for his enjoyment. 
The way he handled my body — I was trying to muster anger, but the thought of his hands on me had the opposite effect. I had to pull it together.
Waiting for my breathing to slow, I tried to think about this logically. Did I really want to throw my career away for a quick lay? Because that’s all Finn Daley wanted. I’d done the research; I knew his M.O. In all the events he went to, all the tabloid stories about his personal life, there was never a woman who lasted more than one news cycle. He got in, and got out. 
The video montage of Finn’s women played behind my eyelids now, causing a disturbing twinge of jealousy. Now that I knew this side of Finn — this tormented side. This dominant, sexy-as-fuck side, it hurt to see him with all those other women. Knowing what he did to them, the way he touched and commanded them. And I’m sure they were all too happy to comply. Just as I was, and that pissed me off.  
This man who made me feel so alive, so wanted, so sexy. Well, he was a player. A user of women. An entitled, overgrown, and oversexed boy. 
And he wouldn’t get the best of me. 
Chapter 12


Finn

Anchor/Kiki Stuart: So, was it love at first — or third — sight? 
Finn Daley: It was definitely something. 
Anchor/Kiki Stuart:  Hmm. Elusive.
Finn Daley: I don’t mean to be. Let’s just say it was complicated.
Anchor/Kiki Stuart: I see, Finn. Okay, moving on then. What did Casey do when she realized you thought she was a Puck Bunny?
Finn Daley: Well, let’s just say it’s a good thing they call me a Pepper Pot.
Anchor/Kiki Stuart: A what?
Finn Daley: A player with great speed and quickness.
Anchor/Kiki Stuart: Ha! This is getting good. Did she come after you, Finn Daley?
Finn Daley: She tried. 

What the fuck was I doing? Casey was not one of the girls. I should’ve known right away. Underneath that tough exterior was an innocent. It was like she was being touched for the first time. Her warm brown eyes turned molten when I put my hands on her. Her tight frame grew slack and I swear she welcomed the way I positioned her body so I could take it. When I did, she was ready and open for me. And damn, if I didn’t get lost in her.
I went into the bathroom and splashed water on my face, thinking of anything I could to make my erection go way.
I wanted to fix this; I had to fix it. It was time to man up. I’d just explain the misunderstanding. But how the hell would I explain that in my former life I was used to having girls showing up at all hours to feed my appetite? Gina and Heather were at every game and event with a flock of girls willing to do just about anything to spend a night with an NHL player. 
Taking full advantage of those situations cost me the only woman I ever loved. But I was no longer that guy — no longer a fuck up — despite what my wild hair, flushed skin, and crazed eyes said in the mirror.  
 I couldn’t help but wonder what I’d do if I were in Casey’s position.
Fucking run, that’s what. 
Once again, I was back in a mess with someone I thought I could really care for. No, I didn’t really know her yet. Yes, I’d only seen her a few times. I knew it was crazy to be thinking this way, but there was just something about Casey Scott that made me want more. 
That was something my new lifestyle afforded me, clarity. I had moved out of the fog I was trapped in and the uncertainty I always felt. I was healthy, happy, and ready to move on. I was also finally ready to be with a woman again.
For some unknown reason, I wanted it to be her.   
When I made it back into the kitchen, Casey was pacing. Her eyebrows pulled together, creating the most adorable crease on her forehead. Her jaw was tight. Still, she had the most beautiful glow to her. She was tousled and rumpled and a bit out of sorts. A little wild and a lot confused. It had me growing hard all over again.
I moved slowly, uncertain at what she’d do. She hadn’t left, so I took that as a good sign.  Honesty is what was needed. And hopefully she wouldn’t run out the door screaming. I had to salvage this, because I wanted another chance to do it right.  
Jesus, this girl was going to kill me. 
She stopped when I approached, her eyes still glued to the floor. I needed to dig deep and work my magic here. 
“Casey,” I said, slow and steady. I reached out for her, but before my hands made it to her skin, her open palm came flying at my face. 
Relying on instinct, I reached up and intercepted the strike before she connected with my flesh. 
“Shit,” I yelled, easing her hand down. 
“Do you want to tell me what the hell that was all about, asshole?” she growled, getting right up in my face.  
“I might remind you that you weren’t complaining at first,” I said in defense. Clearly, I didn’t think it through. Her violent hands and smart mouth seemed to bring out the worst in me. 
“I had no idea what was going on at first,” Casey said, her voice pinched. “It took my brain a second to catch up.”
“Because your body liked what I was doing,” I said like the smug asshole she seemed to think I was. 
Shut the fuck up, Daley.
Casey didn’t move. She didn’t alter her expression or say a word.
I wasn’t sure where all this shit was coming from. I knew I was getting defensive and that wasn’t going to help me or my cause. Still, in that moment, I wanted her to admit that she liked what I did to her. I needed her to. Maybe because I would kill to do it again. 
“Are you sure you’re really not one of the girls?” I continued, simply to get a rise out of her. 
“I’m sure,” she spit. “Sorry to disappoint. Must be a huge letdown to learn all women were not created to fulfill all your sick fantasies.  We’re not all — what do you call them — your escorts or whores?”
There was that fire again. 
“Neither,” I said, closing my eyes. It was make or break time. “Sometimes girls like to come over here to, ah.” I couldn’t finish the thought. This went so much easier in my head.
She flipped her wrist, her eyes burning into mine as she dared me say it. 
“You know where I’m going with this,” I said. “I don’t pay them and it’s nothing illegal. Trust me, they are very happy participants.”
“I’m sure they are.” She rolled her eyes.
“And how do I know you’re legit?” I pressed. 
“If I was coming here to seduce you, or whatever these girls come here to do, don’t you think I’d dress to impress? I’m not a supermodel, but I have more game than this.” She ran a hand along her crumpled sportswear.
Damn, if she only knew. 

Chapter 13
SCRAP (n):
A news story that falls apart.

Casey

“I’m going to leave now,” I told Finn, beyond insulted that he thought I was some kind of hockey groupie. Then again, my reasoning for the unexpected visit was far from noble. I planned to trick him to get my story for crying out loud. 
Even more mortifying was that I didn’t do anything to stop him when he touched me. I may have even leaned into it. Shit, shit, shit. 
I had been with men before. Okay, two men. Compared to Finn, boys might be a more accurate term. My experience didn’t even come close to what just happened in the kitchen.    
I’ll give you what you want. 
His words played back in my head, causing my flesh to break out in goose bumps.  
Finn opened his mouth like he was going to say something, but then closed it again and nodded. My curiosity about those unsaid words would torment me for days. 
What I did learn from the visit was that Finn Daley was your average, entitled, womanizing athlete. He probably quit the game to leave more time for partying and pussy. I had no doubt he was extremely talented in the latter. 
 Sadly, that story had been done to death. Sex lives of the rich and famous. There was nothing new or surprising here. He wasn’t married and didn’t have kids, so it would barely make a blip in the noise of the daily media. No, this was not the material great news stories were made of. 
Still, after I left, I wasn’t sure what bothered me more, bailing on the story or bailing on Finn.

***

The days passed and I tried to get him out of my head. Of course, I couldn’t distract my body. It ached for him. His touch; his demands. The way he brought it to life, willing to do anything he asked. 
After a particularly rough night, with virtually no sleep, I cursed wasting so much time on Finn Daley. I had to forget him and get moving on a new story. 
At the station, my boss let me know about my shortcomings every chance he got. 
“So how’s the reel coming along?” he asked last week. “Strange, I see you working and researching at all hours, but I have yet to see a story.”
“I’ll have something soon,” I told him.
“Doesn’t matter, really,” he said. “Not like I was expecting much.” 
How I hated The Mole. Partly because he was right. I should’ve had something by now. Any reporter worth their salt would’ve had a catalog of stories.   
“Hey, sunshine,” my brother greeted me when I made it down to the kitchen. He handed me a huge mug of coffee. I let it warm my hands and the aroma waken my senses. 
“Morning,” I said, once I found my voice. 
“What’s on the agenda today?” he asked. 
“I think I’m going to go for a run. I need to clear the brain and come up with a new story.  I’m running out of time.”
“What about Finn and the biggest sports mystery of the century? The story that was going to get you the Emmy?”
“It was a bust.” I said, feeling the heat in my cheeks. 
Goddamn Finn Daley.
“What happened?” 
I took a big gulp from my cup and waited for the caffeine to reach the bloodstream. 
“Long story, but I wasn’t getting anywhere,” I finally said. “It was dead end after dead end.”
“Since when has that ever stopped you?” Zack asked. 
“You should be happy. You didn’t even want me to go after this story.”
“Look, I’m not sure it’s a good idea. But I don’t want to see you give up either.”
He had a point, one I wasn’t ready to consider yet. Because despite my unexpected discovery about Finn’s sexual interests, I knew there was more to him and that his story was worth pursuing. But was I smart enough to figure it out? And even if I did, could I expose the secrets he was so intent on keeping?  My stomach turned at the thought. 
Deep down, I didn’t want that to stop me. Phil didn’t know his head from his ass. But if I didn’t move fast, I’d be stuck working as a Sports Girl and wearing tight T-shirts until my boobs began to sag. And that was too fucking depressing. 
The truth was, Finn didn’t mean anything to me. Plus, this was in the public’s interest. After all, they financed his posh lifestyle, allowing him to live like a king for the rest of his days. Didn’t they have a right to know why he hung it up? Didn’t he owe an explanation to the people who essentially paid him? 
My only answer to those questions was: maybe.  
The bigger problem was that I wasn’t sure I could be alone in a room with him. I’m not ashamed to admit, the man did something to me. Nor was I too proud to say, I’d give almost anything to have him do it again. 
After I had my morning coffee and pity party, I headed out for a run. 
There was a nip in the air, but I was fine in running pants, pullover, and neck gaiter. This was a town of runners. You could pick any weekend and have your choice of 5Ks and 10Ks; half-marathons, triathlons, or fulls. And around the river, it was just a way of life. Long run on Saturday mornings, boating in the afternoon, and drinks at one of the local watering holes. 
I tended to stay away from the bars. In college they were usually just a place to find your next hookup. Down here, they were full of old people trying to do the same thing, and that was just sad. But I guess I couldn’t pity people getting more action than I was. 
It had me thinking about just how long ago it had been. Six, seven, shit, eight months?  No wonder I was so obsessed with Finn Daley. I wasn’t necessarily attracted to him. I was just horny. 
That had to be it. And I knew just the remedy. 
A night out. 
I picked up my speed, feeling light and quick. I’d definitely made progress in the past few months of my daily runs. 
With Imagine Dragons in my ears, I pounded the pavement to the deep bass. 
I made my way through the little village that grew sleepier with each passing month. The pumpkins and gourds were on display in front of the little shops and restaurants. The surrounding trees held onto only a handful of leaves. 
The cool air burned a little as my breath grew more ragged, so I pulled up my scarf. All my senses muted. I heard nothing but my music and breath, felt nothing other than the burn of my legs as I pushed my speed, and saw nothing except for the small patch of asphalt directly in front of me. So when he came barreling in my direction at top speed, I didn’t see it coming. Until the impact. 
His body hit mine so hard, I felt it in my teeth.  
Chapter 14


Finn

Anchor/Kiki Stuart: And you’re telling us that after all of that, the two of you became friends? 
Finn Daley: Crazy, but true. At least for a while. 

Despite the urges — and I mean serious urges — to contact Casey, I didn’t. I left her alone. She wasn’t buying my explanation for what happened. Not like I expected her to. She was a very smart girl. 
At least I thought she was. Until I saw her again; then I had serious doubts. 
I missed Nate’s last game, so we decided to watch the highlights together on my DVR. I’m sure Nate really had no interest. He lived it just the night before, but he indulged me. After dealing with my shit for so many years, he could recognize my patterns and he knew when I needed a pick me up. I wouldn’t say I was sinking again, but I would say I was a little down and definitely not up for putting on one of my many disguises to go out on the town. 
Hitting play on the DVR, I was set to fast forward through the commercials and bypass all the local commentary when I saw her. I was immediately reminded of myself. Because no matter how incredibly hot she looked all done up, I knew it was a cover. 
There on my screen were the same dark hair and eyes; the same pouty lips; the same kiss-my-ass attitude. But she was primped up to look like Barbie’s brunette friend — downright sultry with smoky eyes and shiny lips. Though when she smiled into the camera, it was unfamiliar. Not that I was an expert on Casey Scott, but every one of her expressions had been burned into my brain. This was not one of them.  
“What the fuck?” My thoughts finally reached my mouth.
Not only was this the girl I molested at my home, it was also the girl who was at the arena that night. How did I not see it before?
“I know, dude,” Nate said. “All the guys are crazy for this one.” He laughed, shaking his head. 
The thought of the guys talking smack about her in the locker room made me want to hit something. Instead, I tried to quiet my mind. I had to find out what Nate knew about her. 
“The best part,” he continued. “She won’t give them the time of day. Zack wanted me to look after her, but that girl can fend for herself.”
“You know her?”
“Yeah, don’t you?” Nate said. “She’s Zack’s little sister.”
“How did you know that?”
“Shit, I’m surprised he didn’t warn you, of all people, off of her.  Once she got the job as the hockey Sports Girl, Zack pulled me aside and asked that I keep a lookout for her. Sometimes I wish I wouldn’t have agreed. I’d like a little piece of her—”
“Stop,” I spit. “Just stop.”
“Geez,” he said. “You’re really off kilter, aren’t you? What’s going on?”
I raked my fingers through my hair and didn’t say a word.
“Oh, shit,” Nate said under his breath before his booming laugh shook the couch. “She’s the one, isn’t she? Of course you’d fall for the hot new Sports Girl. Couldn’t be a quiet, studious type who stays under the radar, could it?”
“That’s exactly what I thought she was,” I told him. “This Sports Girl shit is new to me. She lied. Said she was a writer. Journalism, I think.”
“She didn’t lie,” Nate said. “She is a writer. Zack told me that the only reason she took the job was to get her foot in the door. She wants to be a serious reporter.”
“A reporter?” I asked. “That’s really interesting.”
I dropped it with Nate for the time being. But whenever her face graced the screen — and fuck, it sure as hell graced it — I burned a little. 
No, innocent Casey wasn’t one of Gina’s girls, but she sure the hell knew about me. She was far enough into the hockey season that she’d know how my world worked and the unsavory ways of those in the public eye. 
I had dodged reporters and paparazzi for over six months now and only recently had I felt they were losing interest. She’d better not jeopardize that for me. The more I thought about it, the more I realized our meetings couldn’t have been a coincidence. Maybe that little snake planned it. Maybe she planned the whole damn thing. I’d just have to stay away. Get her out of my head for good.
Nate left and I did the only thing, other than sex, that could remotely calm me down. I went for a run. It didn’t help. My mind ran wild and I couldn’t make sense of anything, no matter how hard I tried.  
How in the hell could it be that the only two women who had turned my head in the last six months would turn out to be the same person? 
The disturbing thought tormented me with each stride. 

Chapter 15
GLITCH (n):
A mishap, error, or malfunction.

Casey

One minute I was in the air, feet flipped out from under me. The next, I’m sprawled out on the ground, cushioned in an enormous mass of muscular arms and chest and legs. 
Zing.
I knew it was him, even before seeing his face. My body remembered his touch. My brain remembered the danger. I swept my bangs to the side, took a deep breath, and looked up at his face. He was flushed and breathing hard. It got worse when I shifted on top of him. I tried to push myself off, but he locked me in as I rolled. Now on his chest, my breasts pushed into his pecs, and our centers aligned perfectly. I pushed again and this time I noticed his eyes twinkle just as I did. He tightened his grip along my waist, his hands alarmingly close to my ass. 
Oh my effing God. I was growing warm and wet. And fucksticks, he knew it.
“Let me up.” I slapped his chest.
“Why? So you can really get run over in traffic this time?”
Confused, I looked at him again.
“You didn’t even realize it, did you?”
“I was fine.” I lied. “I saw the car.”
“Truck,” he corrected. “And you didn’t. You were off in la la land running where you please, expecting people to move out of the way for you. That’s what you’re used to, isn’t it?”
“What the hell are you talking about?” I said, the heat of the words matching the heat of my body. Hell, it felt fantastic. 
“You,” he said. “And the way you steamroll over people to get what you want.”
“Are you high?”
“No, but I have become enlightened. Actually, I watched you on TV last night.”
“And?”
“Why didn’t you tell me you were an aspiring reporter?” He rolled us over onto the grass now, focusing on me for what I could only assume was an answer. “Or a KXAA Sports Girl for that matter?”
He’d been asking about me, thinking about me. I wonder if he dreamt of me the way I did of him. 
“Maybe for the same reason why you didn’t initially tell me you regularly open your doors to bed hockey groupies.”
His eyes burned and he gripped his hand tighter on my hip. 
I liked it. 
I liked it so much. 
“You really have been spying on me,” he accused, releasing me so we could both sit up. 
“Aren’t we full of ourselves,” I said, quickly finding a way to spin my story. “I haven’t been spying on you. I’m just getting a lay of the land. Learning who’s who in hockey.”
“Right,” he scoffed. 
 “It’s called reeeee-search.” I drew out the word. “And P.S., you’re old news.” He looked pained when I said it, but I ignored my involuntary wince and went on. “After I found out you knew my brother, well, I was thinking maybe you could help with a few things. A girl has to work her sources wherever she finds them.”
“Why didn’t you just come out and ask?” 
Yes, he was buying it. 
“That’s exactly what I was trying to do before you went all Fifty Shades on me.”
“I have no idea what that means.”
“Let’s just say, if I knew you were a pervy old man who beckoned young women to his home to get his freak on, I would’ve reconsidered riding by your place.”
“Okay, maybe I deserve that. But I couldn’t have helped anyway. My career is dead and I only hang out with one person from the team. Everyone else kept their distance when I left.”
I was trying to keep out of the story, remain optimistic. But my heart tugged at his words. I couldn’t help feeling that whatever caused his retirement crushed him in the process. 
“Can I ask you something straight up?” he said.
“Sure.”
“Ever since I got into hockey, people have always wanted something from me. Always looked out for their own interests instead of mine.”
Killing me here.
“I’m sorry,” I told him, unable to come up with anything better.
“Because of it, I’ve become paranoid at times. Always thinking the worst of people. I guess that’s why I thought Gina sent you. Just someone else who was trying to get something from me.”
“Well, not to get off topic here, but it seems that day you were all about taking.” I raised my eyebrows. I felt bad, but he wouldn’t convince me he was a victim when it came to women. 
“I was just trying to teach you a lesson,” he said.
“By giving me an orgasm? Good one.”
“If I recall, you got close, but I never sealed the deal.”
“Oh, I recall.” I shoved him. “You asshole. That was all part of the plan?”
He smirked. 
“That’s sick.”
“Yeah, well, it’s a sick world, Casey.”
“I really don’t have a hidden agenda,” I fibbed. “I don’t have any friends here and we have hockey in common. Plus, I thought you were kind of cool. That is until you assaulted me.”
“Hey, don’t joke about that. I didn’t hurt you at any time, did I?”
“No,” I agreed. 
“And when you said stop, I stopped, right?”
“I’m sorry, Finn. Assault was a poor choice of words.”
“It’s okay. But that’s something I’d never do and something I’ve never been accused of. I don’t want that hanging over me now.” 
I heard the panic in his voice and could only imagine the ways Finn had to protect himself. How hard it must’ve been to never know if people were around because they wanted to be, or because they wanted something from you. It made me feel so shitty about what I was trying to do. Still, I couldn’t stop my reporter’s mind. 
“Casey?” he asked. “Truth is, I don’t have many friends left either. Think maybe we could start over?”
He ran his hand through his hair a few times, and it made his request impossible to turn down. Plus, I still needed my story. Nothing else came close to this break. It was now or never. 
I couldn’t blindside him, though. Not after listening to him talk. He would have to be on board, and that meant I’d have to make it seem like his idea to come forward. I would convince him to do the story with me. The only problem was that this plan required even more trust, and that took time. I had to start today.
“I’d like that,” I told him. 
Finn blew out a deep breath and his hair fluttered. It made him look young and vulnerable. It made me want to wrap my arms around him.
This is where I needed to stop. If this arrangement was to work, I couldn’t be lusting after him. I definitely couldn’t let him get to me. 
“Let me start,” he began. “I’m Finn Daley. Ex Wild player and a former tabloid news favorite.”
I smiled and returned the confession. “I’m Casey Scott. KXAA Sports Girl and current pain in the sport director’s ass.”
“Why is that not hard to believe?” He grinned. “You know I saw you down at the X about a month ago.”
“You did?” I said, shocked to learn he noticed me.
“I did. Once outside and once on the concourse. I told you that you were looking good and you flipped me off.” 
That was him?
“Sorry. I tend to do that sometimes. It’s one of the reasons why I’m a pain in my director’s ass.” 
 “That reminds me, I’m really curious about something.”
“Okay,” I said, a little weary. I liked to be the person on offense. 
“Why?” he asked.
“Why what?”
“Why are you reporting from bars all over town wearing the tightest jerseys known to mankind? Not that I’m complaining. It’s just — and don’t take this the wrong way — you seem so much more than that.”
“Well, what can I say? I needed a job.”
He nodded and looked a little disappointed. It made my face warm. 
“Don’t feel sorry for me, Finn. It’s a good gig and a great stepping stone. I hope to be an international correspondent one day.”  
“Then why are you in sports?”
“I need to cut my teeth somewhere and sports is as good of a place as any.”
“I just find it hard to believe that you didn’t get a better offer.”
“Yeah, me too.” 
He tipped his head, searching my eyes like he was trying to figure something out. Then, he took my right hand in both of his. It was warm and rough and strong. It felt — no. No. There would be no feeling of any kind. 
 “It’s nice to meet you, Casey Scott.”  
“You too, Finn Daley,” I said, and I really hoped he wouldn’t regret it.  

*** 

Later that night I did go to the bar. A little dive on the river called Mick’s. If I was supposed to be friends with Finn Daley, I couldn’t be salivating every time he was near. I had to find someone to take care of my needs, so I could take care of my work. I was hoping this would help scratch my itch.
Once I got inside Mick’s, I knew I was in luck.  The clientele was quite a bit younger (and hotter) than normal, thanks to a very loud group of guys out for what appeared to be a bachelor party. Why on earth they were here and not downtown at a strip club, I had no idea. It was sweet in a strange way. Guys actually having fun celebrating a friend’s nuptials without needing tits in their faces. How novel.   
There were a few open seats at the end of the bar so I bellied up and ordered a beer. 
“I fucking love it when women order beer,” said a deep voice with a southern accent. One that belonged to a very cute, very built — and oh my god, he’s wearing cowboy boots — guy.
I have a thing for cowboys, I’m ashamed to say. Not sure if it was from watching The Dukes of Hazzard reruns as a kid or Mom’s love of country music, but honestly, if I spent time around any man with a southern accent and cowboy boots?  My I.Q. dropped thirty points.    
“And I fucking love it when men wear cowboy boots,” I replied. 
“Yeah, I bet you don’t see that very often up here.”
“More than you might think,” I said, for once encouraging a conversation rather than avoiding it. I was on a mission and didn’t see the need to play hard to get. “So you’re visiting, I take it?”
“In town for that yahoo’s wedding.” The cowboy pointed to his friend, who was in the middle of pounding a shot. “I’m Todd.”
“Casey,” I said as I watched his group of friends take shots and act like idiots. It was quite entertaining.  
“Mind if I hide out over here for a bit?” he asked. “I don’t drink as much as I used to and I’m afraid I can’t handle being called a pussy one more time tonight.”
“I know the feeling,” I said. “And sure, stay here as long as you like.”
“Thanks,” he said, stealing a quick glance at my lips. 
I cleared my throat, hoping my cheeks weren’t betraying me with a blush. If I remembered correctly, this was how a bar hook-up went down. Quick and to the point.  It was exactly what I needed. I took a breath and gulped down my beer so I wouldn’t lose my nerve. Todd leaned in and watched me slam my drink, chuckling the entire time. 
“Next one’s on me,” he said, flashing his dimples.
 “In that case, make it a double.” 
“Anything you want,” he said, low in my ear. 
Cowboy Todd was everything I was looking for in a distraction — easy, hot, and a smooth talker with hard edges that I wanted to explore. 
“I think I like you, Todd,” I said, ready to work it. 
Over the next hour, we drank a few beers, slammed a shot (or three) of whiskey, bickered about our next drink order, and talked about our hometowns. He was charming as hell, and thoughts of Finn were moving to the back of my brain. 
And when an old country song rang out through the speakers, he looked at me with his wickedly naughty eyes and I knew he was up to something. Something I definitely wanted to be involved in.
“How about a dance?” he asked. “That is if you can dance to this.” 
“Hell, yes,” I said.
“All right then.” Todd took my hand, pulled me off my chair, and led me to a quiet corner on the dance floor.
I stumbled a little, the alcohol obviously catching up with me. I started going over the two-step in my head so I could keep up with the cowboy, but we never made it that far.
Suddenly, he was being pulled away from me.
“Sorry, beautiful,” one of the other bachelors said. “We have to get this guy back to the hotel before he turns into a pumpkin.”
No!
“Shit,” Todd said, smacking the hands and arms away to no avail. “It was nice hanging out with you, Casey.”  
And just like that he was gone. 
“It’s okay, I’ve got you.” I felt a meaty hand clamp down around my arm. Ew. One of the locals.  
“Not a chance,” another man said, before spinning me again in a quick rescue. 
“The fuck?” I said when I met Finn’s eyes.
“The fuck is right,” he said. 
“What are you doing here?” I asked, swaying in his grip.
“I was going to ask you the same question. But I guess I’m more interested in who you’re doing here.”
“Nobody,” I told him, the word thick and dry on my tongue. “Just stopped in for a couple drinks after work.”  
“I can’t believe you’re here alone and drunk to top it off. Ever hear of the buddy system?”
“I’m not drunk,” I slurred. 
“Jesus, Casey. I just watched you being passed around like a joint. What the hell are you doing?”
“Having fun?” I stumbled again.
“Right.”  Finn wrapped his arms around me. “The time for fun is over. Let me bring you home. Tomorrow we can talk about how getting drunk in public could ruin your career.”
 “I don’t want to leave.” 
“You’ll thank me in the morning.”
“But I want to dance.” Actually, I wanted an excuse to stay in his arms a little longer. 
“Casey, please trust me. I need to get you out of here.”
“Just one dance,” I begged. “Then I’ll go with you.”
“Fine. Once dance and then we’re out of here.”
Finn slid his body up to mine and I inhaled. His scent was delicious, all leather and spice. I leaned into him, closing my eyes and resting my head on his chest. Then we began to move. 
I didn’t really hear the music, just the beat of Finn’s heart. It was all I needed to keep time. Soon we were gliding across the floor effortlessly.  In tune with every move of his body, I followed him without thinking. 
His warm hand slid under my shirt to rest on the small of my back, and it set off sparks under my skin that ran from my scalp to my toes. Soon it became incredibly difficult to keep my steps. 
I opened my eyes and Finn’s jaw was tight, eyes hooded, and I knew we both need a breather.       
“Bathroom break,” I said, trying to keep my voice steady. 
“Sure.” He looked relieved, leading me to the restroom.
The second I got inside, I went to the sink and ducked my head under the faucet. I braced my hands on the cool walls. Unsure if it was the booze or Finn, but the room was spinning. And ohmygod, I had to go to the bathroom so bad. 
  Yanking my dress up and panties down, I plunked into the toilet. Yes, into. In my drunkenness, I didn’t realize the seat was up. 
What asshole puts the seat up in the Ladies Room?
Turns out it wasn’t the ladies. 
“You know you’re in the men’s room, right?” Finn’s voice echoed off the walls.
“I do now,” I said.  
“Don’t worry, I’ll keep guard. Nobody’s coming in.” He sighed and shut the door. 
I pulled my shit together, realizing Finn was right. It was time to go. But when I opened the bathroom door, he was there waiting for me, and I literally fell into his arms. 
They circled around me, and I lost my mind. I yanked him down the dark hallway into a supply closet. The little breather did absolutely nothing to cool off things between us. Without my brain’s permission, my body reacted to the man standing in front of me. 
For once, I let it.
My arms snaked around his waist and up his back. I rubbed up against him, trying to get closer.
“Casey,” he growled in warning, but I didn’t care.  
My lips found his the very next second, and the fireworks went off as I invaded his soft, full mouth. With my tongue, I traced the seam of his lips, teasing them. Opening them, so I could have more. I wanted that. It was on a loop in my head:  more, more, more. 
I gave him more and finally, gloriously, his tongue tentatively entered my mouth in a light sweep, like he was testing the waters. 
And then he dove in and the bottom of my stomach dropped right out from under me.   
That was the last thing I remembered. 
Chapter 16


Finn

Anchor/Kiki Stuart: If you knew she was a reporter, why on earth did you get involved?
Finn: I wanted to trust again. I wanted to trust her.

I wasn’t completely sure Casey Scott was on the up and up. My experience with reporters told me to stay on guard. My dick begged me not to ruin this with my paranoia. 
When I saw her in the bar with that guy, I almost lost it. 
I wanted to believe I’d become the good guy, helping out damsels in distress and all that shit. That wasn’t it. I simply couldn’t handle seeing another man’s hands on her. 
When she turned her attention on me, I went fucking nuts. Her hands, her lips, her tight frame pulling me closer. I loved every fucking second. Still, I wouldn’t take her that way, drunk and careless. I wanted her to remember every last detail with me. 
I brought her home that night and she passed right out. And when I checked in on her in the morning, she didn’t remember a thing.  I wasn’t sure it was a good idea to fill her in, so I let it go. I didn’t want her embarrassed or regretful. I had one chance, and I wasn’t going to fuck it up.
So we started slow. Grabbing a coffee here and there. Meeting for morning runs. It was cold now, so I was deprived the guilty pleasure of ogling her in little shorts. But I rather enjoyed her running tights as well. I enjoyed almost everything about her.
One morning, her slower strides and quiet way told me something was off. 
“Something wrong?” I asked.
“Nothing,” she said. “Just work.”
“The Mole again?”
“Yes, but forget it. It’s not worth talking about.”
“Your career is worth talking about, Case. What’s going on?”
 “Do you think I come off as a bitch?” she asked, her voice slightly shaking, from the cold or something else, I couldn’t tell. 
“No,” I said without a thought. “Why do you ask?”
“Phil thinks I need to be warmer, more laid back on air.”
It wasn’t the first time she told me about her run-ins with the sports director. The reckless side of me had already mentally beaten him to a pulp a few times. The more time I spent with Casey, the more protective of her I became. 
“I know for someone like Phil, no brains and squeaky giggles are the ultimate turn on. But trust me, you have a following.”
“What do you mean? There are hardly any comments on my Facebook page, my Twitter account is a poor comparison to Mack’s, and I don’t even have any raunchy calls coming into the  station for me like the other women.”
“You want raunchy calls?”
“You know what I mean. I don’t want to be looked at that way, but I still wonder why I’m not. Does that even make sense?”
“Casey, men (and I’m sure some women) definitely look at you that way. If you could only hear the filthy thoughts I have going on in my head any time I see you.”
“Stop.”
“I’m serious.”
Casey bit her lip and I knew I was making her uncomfortable, but it was time she knew my intentions. We had completely ignored what had happened that day she fell off her bike. Hardly mentioned it. Same with her drunken episode at the bar. We ran, made small talk, and joked around. 
Occasionally, Casey asked me questions about hockey, and I asked her questions about journalism. It was an easy friendship, despite the fact that there was so much heat beneath the exterior I could hardly stand it. I knew she felt it too, and I was tired of easy.
I stopped and gripped her shoulders so she’d know how serious I was. “You are amazing at your job; you are sexy as hell; and you don’t have to sell out.”
“I don’t know how much longer I can do this,” she said.
“As long as it takes,” I told her. “I see good things coming your way, Casey Scott. Just hang in there.”
I meant every word. 


Chapter 17
BEEP (n.):
An audio signal used for alerting or warning.
Something I missed completely.

Casey

As the weeks passed, I knew I was gaining Finn’s trust. He had already gained mine. And I struggled with it every day. Especially as he opened up to me more and more. 
“You know, we’ve never really talked about that day at the house,” he said one December afternoon. “I still owe you an explanation for my behavior.” 
If he only knew how much I thought about it. 
“You don’t have to tell me a thing, Finn,” I told him. “I’m sure you had groupies and women bothering you all the time.” 
“Well, that is true,” he said. “But that’s not what that day was about.”
“What was it about then?”
“A glimpse at my past, I’m sorry to say. By the time I got to the NHL I wasn’t doing so hot, Casey. I was out of control … in many ways. I indulged on everything. Booze, exercise, hockey. I played constantly, getting rougher with each game. I had a hard time staying within the lines. And the women? It’s not something I’m proud of. But part of where I was at mentally, well, it included a never-ending craving for anything that got the endorphins going. Sex played a big part of my life. I was — and please don’t run away — insatiable at times.”
My body buzzed at his confession. My brain put it all together — the sex, power, cravings, drive. That’s it, he was hiding some sort of addiction. 
I cleared my throat, trying to get the need out of my voice. “And now?”
“I’m better. I’m so much better. But I apparently still have a few issues to deal with.”
“The sex?” I asked. Unable to believe my balls in asking the question. But hell, I wanted to know.
He laughed. “Yes, the sex.”
“Maybe you just have a healthy appetite,” I offered.
“Unfortunately, I don’t think it’s healthy. And the sad part? I still miss that part of my life. That wild, uncontrolled part of myself. Even though it almost destroyed me.” 
In that moment, he was telling me what was going on. But I was missing it, because he had me so hot for him my brain couldn’t even function. He told me he was sick, he told me about the obsession, the highs and lows, and still I missed it. 
 “Have you had a relationship or, ahem, relations, since you’ve been well?”
“No. And fuck, Casey, I miss it. The way you had me all whipped up that day. I mean, I know you weren’t asking me to touch you. But, in my mind, you were so on board.”
He leaned forward and my breath caught. I closed my eyes, remembering his hands on me, inside me. My heart rate picked up and Finn moved closer. 
“You were on board, weren’t you? I mean, I know it wasn’t planned on your part. But, once things got going, you didn’t stop me.”
Busted. 
“Ah.” 
Finn grinned and stopped me with a finger to my lips. 
It took all my willpower not to suck it into my mouth. 
“I didn’t imagine that part,” he said. “Please don’t tell me I imagined it.”
“You didn’t imagine it,” I admitted. 
 “And what about now?” He ran his thumb across my bottom lip. “There is something here, right?”
I nodded and this time I did pull his thumb into my mouth, just for a second. Finn groaned so low and deep, the most pleasurable vibration buzzed between my legs. 
“What do you want to do about it?” he asked. 
“Maybe we could try things the old fashioned way,” I offered.  “A date first?”
“A date?” He raised his eyebrows as if to say really?
I started to answer him, but before I could, his lips were brushing against mine. Teasing. Testing. And then crushing and taking, making me feel good in places that had nothing to do with the kiss. His hard, demanding lips forced me to open to him so his tongue could take over, stroking mine and gliding over my teeth. He ravaged my mouth so thoroughly, so commanding, that when he finally pulled away I felt more exposed than if he would’ve stripped me bare. 
“Yes,” I continued with my initial request, unable to stop panting. “A date. Then see where it goes from there.”
Finn moved closer, digging his fingers into my hips. 
“I think we both know where it’s going to go,” he whispered into the shell of my ear. 
I knew he was right. 

***

We set our first date for the following day. Finn called me a few hours before our scheduled time and told me to dress comfortably. 
I went silent at the request. 
He chuckled in response and I felt it deep in my bones. “We’re going hiking, Casey. Jeez, get your mind out of the gutter.”
“Oh, good,” I praised. “That is a perfectly acceptable date.”
“Did I tell you about the caves? Cold and dark where anything could happen.”
“Thanks for the warning, but you will not get me into any caves.”
Finn picked me up in his truck, which I loved. It was warm and rugged and comfortable. Just like he was. After spending so much time at the studio with the overly made-up talking heads, it was a nice change of pace to be around someone so unapologetically masculine. 
He drove up to one of the trailheads on the cliff that overlooked the St. Croix. We didn’t have snow yet, but we could see our breath. I pulled on my gloves and hat. 
Finn flipped on his pack — one that looked too full for a short afternoon of light hiking. It had me worried. 
“Just how long do you plan on keeping me out here?” I asked him. 
“Oh, this?” He jiggled the pack. “Didn’t I tell you we’re camping for the night?”
“No,” I snapped. 
“Too much for a first date?”
“Way too much.”
“How about a picnic then?”
“Better.”
“Mmm,” he groaned. “Easy for you to say, now that you got me all worked up again.”
He stalked toward me and I quickly put my hands up to stop him.
“Don’t worry, Case.” He said my name so easily, it had me dropping my hands instantly. He was not a person to be pushing away. He was a person to be reeling in. 
“I’ll be good.”

***

Finn was good. There was a little touching as he helped me navigate the trails, a slight brush of hands while we ate our picnic lunch, but the caves? 
All talk. 
When the sun began to dip low in the sky, Finn brought me home and I was happy to see he was back to his old grabby self. 
“It’s the end of the date,” he said. “End of date kisses are appropriate, yeah?”
“Yes,” I whispered. 
That’s all he needed. He leaned over in the seat and lifted me onto his lap. His strong hands grasping my hips. I was surrounded in the bubble that was Finn. Strong, unyielding. All consuming. 
He brushed his nose along mine and it was almost sweet. 
No, it was sweet. 
Until his hands slid down to my bottom, cupping me. Grinding me closer.  
His lips captured mine and attacked my mouth. First long and deep. Then he toyed with me, taking little bites. 
I shifted my bottom so his erection pushed where I needed it the most. He growled into my mouth and I thought this was it. But in the very next breath, he said goodnight.
It would be a while before I’d get that much action again.   
Chapter 18


Finn

Anchor/Kiki Stuart: I’m intrigued. How did she go about gaining your trust?
Finn: Slowly. 
Anchor/Kiki Stuart: Doesn’t sound like the Finn Daley we know.
Finn: See, that’s the trouble. Nobody really knew the real Finn Daley. Until she came along.

Holding my shit together during that kiss, well, I should’ve been awarded a medal. 
I’m fairly sure Casey was designed to fit into my arms. She was toned, but still soft. Brilliant, but still innocent. Sweet, but spunky as hell. She was made up of the most perfect contradictions.  
I had been waking up with a spring in my step, as they say. And I hadn’t even gotten into the girl’s pants. Or gotten into them again. I wasn’t sure how long I could keep it up. 
After our first date, and our little tryst in the truck, we went out two more times. An impromptu street hockey game in my driveway when she came over for pizza, and bowling, of all things. 
I had to keep it physical. I had to keep us moving, because whenever there was a lull, whenever it was just the two of us, all I wanted to do was touch her. Taste her. I think Casey was getting frustrated too. 
When I brought her home after bowling, I think she wanted a repeat of our make out session in the truck. And the fact that I was twenty five years old and using the term make out was ridiculous.  
Casey had been following my lead. My very slow lead. When I dropped her off, she usually reached for the door of my truck immediately. I was always forced to jump out and run to her side to grab it for her. There was something possessive in me when it came to this woman. I wanted to open her doors … and help her with bags, and push her out of the way from moving cars, and twist off all the caps to the jars of pickles she liked so much. I was a floundering idiot around the girl. When I reached her at the passenger door, she most always had already slid down from the high seat with her feet firmly on the ground, preventing me from touching her, lifting her, holding her. I was left only to link my hand in hers and walk her to the door, parting with a quick chaste kiss.
It was torture. 
Last night, though. Shit, I got whipped up at the thought. Last night, she lingered. 
I was teasing her about her bowling form. 
“Twenty baby steps, drop the hand, and release … into the gutter again.”
“That is not what happened.” 
“It is. Every. Single. Time. You’re going to need some practice.”
“I don’t think so,” she said, toying with a ring on her finger. 
For a brief moment I panicked. There was something about that movement; it seemed like she had something serious to say, and I wasn’t sure I was going to like it.  
 “Can I be honest?” she asked.
Oh, no.
“I hope by now that goes without saying,” I said, waiting on her confession.
 “I can’t stand bowling,” she admitted with a smirk. 
Wait, that’s it?  
“Then why did you agree to go with me?” I asked.
“Because I wanted to see you.”
It was the best thing she could’ve said to me.
“News flash, I would’ve changed plans. I was dying to see you, not the smelly bowling alley.”
“You were dying to see me?” Her eyes grew wide.
“Dying,” I said, unable to take it any longer. 
I wrapped my hand around hers and it was so soft. So perfect. So incredibly erotic. The length of her fingers and trim nails — not done up in polish, but still perfectly feminine. It was delicate and soft and I couldn’t help imagining what her touch would feel like.
Bringing her hand to my lips, I kissed each knuckle, enjoying the sweet subtle scent on the inside of her wrist. I turned her hand over and inhaled, unable to stop myself.    
I wanted to do this right. I finally felt normal and I wanted to do this the normal way. Slow, easy. One step at a time. It’s what I kept saying in my head over and over again so I wouldn’t flip her over my shoulder, haul her into the house, and fuck her senseless. No, I didn’t do that shit any more. Think it, yes. I wasn’t dead for fuck’s sake. But I was a new man. 
Casey’s pulse sped up and I wasn’t sure how much longer I could stand it. Without thinking, I pulled her entire finger into my mouth. Slow and deep and shit, she moaned. 
It was time to end the night. 
I pulled it back out, scraping in along my bottom teeth just to be wicked. So she’d feel as tortured as I did. 
“I guess it’s goodnight,” I said, exiting the car to get her door.
This time, I had to almost drag her out. 
That made me ecstatic. 
“Good night,” she said, still stunned when I left her at the door.
I didn’t dare look back. 

***

“Hey, can I get your opinion on something, without you acting like a complete douche?” I asked Nate the next night as we sat watching the fight. 
We were both into boxing, and always watched the matches together. Partially because Nate couldn’t figure out how to special order the event on satellite. 
“Not sure. Can you?”
“I’m serious, asshole.”
“Okay, don’t get your panties in a bunch. What is it?”
“When was the last time you had a normal relationship?” I asked.
“What constitutes as normal?”
Nate always answered a question with a question.
“Not your fuck sessions with the models that come into town, or the Puck Bunnies, or a bar hookup, but the last time you asked someone on a real date without planning to get laid.”
“Not following you,” Nate said.
“Forget it.”
“Sorry, sorry. I’m having a hard time adjusting to the new, improved, and oh so sensitive Finn Daley.”
“Fuck you.”
“Calm down.” He bumped my arm before turning to me, all the cockiness now gone from his face. “Last normal relationship? There was someone last summer.”
“Someone you were really into?”
“Oh, yeah.”
“Did you take her on dates?”
“I did, as much as I could without anyone noticing us.”
“So how long did you wait?”
“For what?” Nate asked, feigning innocence. 
Nothing was ever easy with this guy. 
“Don’t be a dick. You know what I’m asking. I have no idea how long I wait until I bring her to bed. I’ve never done this the right way. It’s killing me, man.”
“Shit. I don’t know, Finn. I haven’t had my share of normal either. You know, we could use a regular guy around here sometimes.”
“We could,” I agreed. “At least you have your brothers.”
 “True, and I guess I can tell you what my brother always told me back in the day.”
“Okay.”
“You wait until you have the worst case of blue balls. We’re talking painful. Throbbing. Heavy as a sack of marbles. And then.”
“Then?”
“You wait another week.”
“Well, I think I reached that point two weeks ago.”
“Then I’d say you’re good to go.”
Hmm, good to go.
We went back to the fight. I was thinking about being good to go with Casey when something about Nate’s words came back to me.
Hey.
 “Who was it?” I asked. 
“Who was what?”
 “The girl, you dick.”
Nate drank a beer and I slugged down one of the green smoothies that Mia brought over for me.  It actually made Nate gag.  
“Kiersten,” he admitted, before answering my next unspoken question. “I didn’t tell you about her because I didn’t want to jinx it. Nobody knew and it was nice, you know? To have it all to myself for a change.”
“Kiersten Reynolds, as in Max’s daughter?”
Max Reynolds was our financial planner. He handled a lot of the players’ money. Hell, he made it so I’d never have to work again. He was a genius and knew exactly how to talk to young guys. Most of us wanted to spend it all. Many of us did. But thankfully, Nate and I got hooked up with Max right when we signed with the Wild. 
“That’s the one,” Nate said.
I couldn’t hold in my laughter. Max would have Nate’s ass if he knew he was sniffing around his daughter.
“I can’t believe you kept that from me. And I know your bank account is still in great shape, so I’m assuming Max never found out.”
“Nope. I wish he did though. In some ways. Kiersten ended it because she didn’t want to sneak around anymore, and she knew her dad would be furious.” 
“So that’s it.” 
“That’s it,” he said. “I wish you better luck, man.” 
Chapter 19
DEVELOPMENT (n.):
When new facts of a story come to light.

Casey

Another date with Finn, and another night of restless sleep. After my drunken episode at the bar, Finn had only kissed me once. Something I desperately wanted to change. 
 I was too embarrassed to tell the truth about my memory of the bar night — that I did remember what happened in the supply closet. 
Oh, how I remembered. 
I also worried that maybe I didn’t do it for him like he did for me. Otherwise how could he stay so composed and in control when all I wanted to do was jump him every chance I got?
Still, I hadn’t given up on my story, even though parts of me wanted to. The optimist inside said, not yet. I was convinced that I’d get things out of him sooner or later. 
Sooner, if I could get him into bed, but who knew this guy moved at a glacial pace? Jesus. I got to third base with Joey Miller by my third date.
When I was seventeen!
Not that my story was the only reason I wanted to get Finn horizontal. Far from it. Despite my best efforts, I was falling for the guy. 
I continued to spend most of my free time in the newsroom and edit suites, reviewing the archives, reading, and researching. Hoping to find a lead half as good as the Finn Daley story to pursue. It just wasn’t happening. 
When we were together, I searched for evidence, anything to give me an indication about what happened last year. Though the entire time, I was irrationally hoping it was nothing of consequence. Finn mentioned not being well, the difficult relationships he had with people, but that was it. Even when I pushed, he wasn’t talking. 
So far, I had managed to review the history on his computers. I also read his text messages, and looked through files in his office. I came up empty-handed every time.  
I had even thought of ways to get a urine sample to test for anabolic steroids or HGH. Anything. I was desperate. 
Until the day he picked me up to go to the movies, and I found my first legit clue. Finn was pumping gas because his truck was on E after his visit with family earlier that day. 
I wasn’t even in sleuth-mode. Actually, I was searching for a piece of gum. But there it was. On the console. His checkbook, propped open with a folded piece of paper stuck inside. With Finn’s back to me in the car, I slid the paper out and opened it. It was a financial statement with a lot of zeroes at the end of it — a receipt for the care of Grace Daley. 
My hands started shaking as anger boiled under the surface. This was it, the secret, or at least one of them. 
Finn Daley had an illegitimate kid. A kid he was paying through the nose to keep it quiet. A kid living without her father. Working to keep my own emotions in check, I took a quick photo of the document with my phone and put everything back as I found it. 
Finally, a break. After all the work and time, I had something. It may not be the reason Finn retired, but it was still a story. So why wasn’t I happy? I should’ve been shaking my ass, dancing a goddamn jig. Instead, I felt nothing but disappointment about this latest development, and dread about what I’d find next.
Because where there was smoke—
I couldn’t think straight, and had no idea what my next move should be. There was no choice. 
After the movie, I dialed the station and got The Mole on the phone for advice. 







Chapter 20


Finn

Anchor/Kiki Stuart: She thought she had something on you, didn’t she?
Finn Daley: She sure did. In her defense, she did find out something very important. Just not what she originally thought.

Casey was acting even more strange after we went to the movies. We had made so much progress, and then all of a sudden, it seemed like we had never been further apart. Trouble was, the more she fought me, the more I wanted her. 
The next morning my phone rang first thing. 
“Has Mia been over yet?” Nate asked when I picked up.
“No, she doesn’t come on Tuesdays.” I had given him my schedule many times. Didn’t matter. He could never keep it straight. 
“So you’re not blissed out?” he asked.
“Hardly.” Thoughts of Casey had messed up my sleep again. 
“I guess that’s better. I’d hate to ruin your good mood.”
“What’s wrong?” I asked. 
“The newspaper is fishing again. Really fucked it up this time, though.”
“Tell me,” I said, as my stomach churned. 
“It was in the gossip column.”
“Go on.”
 “Okay, it doesn’t list you by name. But it does say they are following a story about a local hockey star paying off his baby mama to keep quiet about an illegitimate kid. There’s some financial information included and promises for more on the story as it develops.”
“Why do you think it’s about me?”
“Because the amount listed is exactly what you are shelling out each month, and the columnist ended the article by writing, poor Grace.”
“Shit.”
“I know.”
Chapter 21
MEA CULPA (n.):
A Latin phrase meaning “through my fault.” In other words, when a reporter fucks up.

Casey

“Why the hell did you give my story to the paper?” I stormed Phil’s office after I read the Pioneer Press.
“Simmer down,” he said between bites of a greasy breakfast sandwich. “I didn’t share it with the sports department, just with the mouth.” 
He was referring to Tina, the gossip columnist, and I didn’t see the difference. He gave away my story. 
“I did you a favor,” he said. “We’re beginning to build the buzz for your story.”
“We don’t even know if it is a story yet,” I argued. “There could be some logical explanation. We need to get all the facts before we end up hurting someone for no reason.”
I ached thinking about how hurt Finn would be by the time this was done.
“You don’t understand business yet,” Phil said. “True reporters will stop at nothing to get their story. They’re not worried about hurting feelings or, God forbid, having someone get mad at them. They do the work and they don’t apologize for it. You better decide what you want to do, Casey. You have a head start on this story, but the other guys will catch up. It’s time to decide. Are you capable of making a big move or not?”

***

Finn invited me for dinner, and though I wanted to be anywhere else, I couldn’t say no to him.  As we sat at the table — our uneaten pasta between us — the guilt inched up like bile in the back of my throat.
“It’s been a rough day,” he said.
“I can see that,” I said, unable to meet his eyes. “Do you want to tell me what’s wrong?”
“The Pioneer Press reported a lie about me today,” he said.
Denial, really?
“A lie?” I asked. 
“Yeah, it was in Tina’s column.”
“I know about that article,” I admitted. “People were talking about it at the station.”
I leveled a look at him. Just try to get out of this one, Daley. I didn’t think the news should’ve been fodder for the world when we didn’t yet know all the details, but for the woman he was dating? Yeah, it might’ve been nice to have heads up on that one. 
“Don’t look at me like that, Casey,” he said, reaching for my hands. “I don’t have a kid.”
“If that was you Tina was talking about in the article, it sounded like she had proof.”
“I’m telling you, she got it wrong.”
“She said she had financial records.”
“Yeah, and she didn’t do her homework. Those records are for my mom.”
“What do you mean?”
“Grace Daley is my mom, Case.” 
“Why are you paying your mother so much money a month?”
Shit. Shit. Shit. 
“I pay for her care. She has mental illness.”
“Oh my god,” I said, frozen in my seat. I thought if I moved an inch, I’d throw up. This was bad. It was so bad.
“I tried taking care of her for a while when I was first drafted, but it was too much. Putting her in a facility is one of my biggest regrets.”
This man was unbelievable.
“That’s more than I could ever do,” I told him honestly. I wasn’t good with illness or caretaking or anything except looking after my own interests. Obviously. 
“You’d be surprised what you’d do for someone you love,” he said.
“I don’t think so. Some people are better than others. I’m telling you. I wouldn’t even attempt something like that.”
Finn looked at me like I just punched him in the gut. In many ways, that’s exactly what I did. 
“Deep down, I know she’s in a better place now,” he said, shaking it off. “One that can give her round the clock care.”
“Oh, Finn,” I said.  “I’m so sorry.”
I really was, and if I had anything to do with it, I’d make Phil sorry as well. 
It was time to focus on a story that wouldn’t ruin someone’s life. A story I’d feel good about. 
Over the next day, one took hold.  

Chapter 22


Finn

Anchor/Kiki Stuart: Did the paper print a retraction?
Finn Daley: They didn’t have to because they never reported the name of the hockey player. 
Anchor/Kiki Stuart: Were you afraid someone was getting closer to your real secret?
Finn Daley: Terrified. 

The next few days, Casey looked over me like a mother hen. Of course it all made sense in hindsight. At the time, I was thrilled with her company. She had this way about her. Everything was better when she was around. And her shenanigans at work made me laugh. She lived to give The Mole hell. 
My phone buzzed a few hours before game time. I hadn’t been to a game since I first saw Casey. I was afraid I’d take her in the back of the news van if I saw her in her Sports Girl wear holding her little microphone. 
I knew she absolutely hated that get-up, but my body responded quite well to it. She filled out the jersey perfectly. 
Sometimes I was tempted to give her one of mine. I wanted to see my team logo sitting on her chest; my name on her back. It was such a Neanderthal thing to think and I wouldn’t dare tell her, but that alpha inside wanted to mark her as mine. Piss a circle around her so all the other males would stay away. 
According to Nate, it was past time to consummate our arrangement. And after all the shit we’d just been through, I was hoping tonight would be it. 
I picked up my phone; it was a text coming in from Casey. She rarely did that, so immediately my heart started jumping. 
The text read: BE SURE TO WATCH THE PRE-GAME 2NITE.
Casey wasn’t the type of woman to use all caps without reason. This was big.
Why? I asked. Wearing something special?
Not me. 
Don’t really care about anyone else, I typed back.
Just watch.
I never miss it. Coming over tonight?
Sure, if The Mole lets me leave, she replied.
Uh-oh. What do you have planned, woman?
You’ll see. 
Chapter 23
STAND-UP (n.):
A video clip of a reporter on location.

Casey

“Ready, guys?” I asked Jonathan and Mack. 
“As ready as we can be, considering,” Mack said. 
“Phil is going to be so pissed,” Jonathan said. 
“Not at you, Golden One.” Mack bowed.
“Don’t worry,” I told them. “I’ll take all the heat. You sure you’re cool, J?”
“Hell yes,” he laughed. “Everyone knows a cameraman’s job is to follow the reporter. No skin off my back.”
“Jo and Aubrey, you guys cool?” I recruited some help from the other Sports Girls as well. 
“I’m just thrilled to be wearing a baggy sweatshirt,” Jo said. “I was actually able to eat this week. Normally, I’m starving for days before each shoot. Those tight jerseys show all my jiggly bits. A few guys on my Twitter feed even told me to lay off the beer.”
“Asswipes,” Mackenzie yelled. 
We pulled into the parking lot for our live shot, and I had never been more excited. When Jonathan told me to liven up my cut-ins, I asked if I could invite the other girls for something special. He said, abso-fucking-lutely. 
I wondered what he’d be saying after our live shot. 
The girls and I kept our fuck-me hair and make-up intact, but chose more appropriate sportswear. Appropriately-sized sweatshirts, jeans, and sneakers. 
Jonathan pulled into the parking lot of Buns-n-Bowties. We all made our way inside, giggling like a bunch of kids. 
The owner was expecting us. 
After another one of Phil’s scathing critiques of my hockey coverage, I was ready to quit. He was condescending and insulting, not to mention repulsive with his leftover lunch jammed in between his front teeth.
“We need more excitement, Casey. A reason for viewers to stay with us instead of surfing for porn, waiting for the game to start.”
“So you want me to be more entertaining than a porn star?” I asked. “Not sure how to make that happen, big guy.
“Fuck,” he said, saliva spraying everywhere. “This non-stop shit from you is getting old.”  
“So what do you want me to do?” I asked. 
“It’s not my job to tell you, but I will say that your next live shot better be interesting or we’re going to have words.”
“Your wish, my command,” I said, flipping him off as he left the dressing room. 
He wanted memorable, well, that’s exactly what I’d deliver. 
“Casey.”  Lydia, the proud owner of Buns-n-Bowties, greeted me with a hug. She was a tiny doll of a woman.  “We are so excited to have you girls here. So excited.” She squeezed me again. 
“We’re excited to be here,” I told her. “You got your A-squad ready for us tonight?”
“Honey, my boys are so cut and hung the camera lens might melt off.”
“Ew, let me just change to a more durable lens,” Jonathan piped in, clearly enjoying the drama. 
“Just remember, no frank and beans hanging out,” I told her. “We don’t want to get in trouble with the FCC.” 
“Aww,” Mackenzie whined. “You’re taking all the fun out of it. We at least need some assless chaps or something.” 
“I’ll take care of you, baby,” Lydia told her. “You stay with me after the live shot and I’ll hook you up.”
“Done,” Mackenzie said. 
Jonathan set up the lights and equipment, while I went over the details with the girls. 

***

Ten minutes before our cut-in and we were ready to go. Lydia gave us a preview of the show and it was perfect. I gathered Mackenzie, Jo, and Aubrey. They were just as focused as I was. 
And that’s when all these women filtered in. I looked at Lydia and she shrugged.
But Mackenzie was wearing the most wicked grin. 
“What did you do?” I asked her. 
“Just put a note on all of my social media sites. They got the timing perfect.”
“I don’t know about this, Mack.”
“It’s going to be fine, trust me.”
Over one hundred women must’ve poured into the room within a span of five minutes. I tried to ignore it and remain focused on the task at hand. 
Too soon, Jonathan was counting us down, and the red light signaled me to begin.
“Hi, I’m K.C., your KXAA Sports Girl. And tonight I’m with some of my friends.”
The girls all gave a warm welcome and thanked me for inviting them to a night of firsts.
“It’s come to our attention that we’ve been leaving out a very important demographic in our viewing audience. We have some of them here tonight.”
The women behind us went nuts. They clapped and cheered, and help up signs that said, FINALLY KXAA; REAL WOMEN WATCH SPORTS; and my favorite, BRING ON THE MEN.
“That’s why we’ve decided to give our female viewing audience a real treat,” I said.
And that’s when the male strippers came out in all their glory.




Chapter 24


Finn

Anchor/Kiki Stuart: So how did you find out what she was up to?
Finn Daley: Well, that took a little while. But she was revealing herself to me more and more each week. I quickly discovered she was unstoppable when she really wanted something.  

“Oh shit,” I said the words out loud even though I was home alone. The girl had balls. There she was, completely in her element. Gone were the tight shirts, flirty attitudes, and all of the modelesque posturing for the camera. 
Casey and the others were dressed in comfortable team sweatshirts and jeans, sitting around a table like a group of old friends. A ton of women in the background showed up to support them, but Casey hadn’t yet revealed where they were. It was clearly a bar, but it didn’t look familiar to me, and back in the day I had been to almost every hot spot there was. Casey and Mack led off the discussion with statistics on the number of women watching sports, the number of families, the actual demographics. They talked about why it was important to offer something to everyone, particularly the most ignored: women. 
And that’s when the music started and the guys began their show. 
Two shirtless beefcakes strutted down a raised runway behind the girls. 
“Oh, the show’s starting,” Casey said in a very nonchalant way. “We’re reporting live from Buns-n-Bowties, where these sweet men dance all night long.”
The Sports Girls turned to watch the show, riveted, just like they do for all of the important games. It was priceless. 
“Hi there.” She walked up the runway and stopped one of the strippers.
“Hello to you,” he said in such a fake low voice it made me laugh.
“Are you excited about tonight’s game?” she continued, just as she did with every other pre-game show. 
“Yeah, Rogers is unstoppable this year. I predict a blowout.”
Casey thanked the beefcake and walked back to the table.
“He makes a good point,” Casey said. “What do you think about the lineup this season, Mack?”
And they continued on like there wasn’t a strip show going on behind them. It was brilliant. But fuck, was she going to be in trouble. 






Chapter 25
AUDIENCE ACCUMULATION (n.):
The addition of new audiences to a television program.

Casey

“My spies tell me the women back at the station are all high-fiving in your honor, Casey,” Jonathan said. 
“And what about The Mole?” I asked. 
“Yeah, I guess his swears could be heard around the entire newsroom.”
“Well, it’s been nice working with you,” I told Jonathan. 
“Don’t worry,” Mack chimed in. “My spies tell me the suits loved it. And Phil reports to them. I would bet money that he tells them it was all his idea.”
The suits, aka the news management, were my only hope in saving this job. A job I’d somehow grown to love. I cringed at the thought of facing Phil tonight. Thankfully, I didn’t have to.
We were helping Jonathan break down the equipment and load it back in the truck when I noticed my car was in the lot.
“What the hell?”
“I told one of the guys to drop it off,” Mack said. When we park at the station lot at night, we leave our keys in case they need to move the cars around the tight space. 
“Why?” I asked. 
“I thought Phil would need a little time to cool off. Let me handle him tonight.”
“I can’t let you fight my battles, Mack.”
“I’m not fighting them for you. I’m just delaying it, so you stand a chance. What you did tonight was awesome. Let that sink in. Let your work, work for you. I just don’t want you going head-to-head with Phil right now. You know how he gets.”
I nodded. “You’re the best, you know.”
“Oh, she knows,” Jonathan says, piling the rest of his equipment in the truck. “We’ll see you tomorrow, Casey. In the meantime, turn off your phone.”
I got into my car and blew out a deep breath, releasing all the tension that knotted in my shoulders. I couldn’t let the girls and Jonathan know, but I’d never been so nervous. 
Listening to orders, I didn’t pick up my phone on the drive back to Stillwater. I was sure Phil had filled my voicemail by now, but I was on such a high I knew he’d only bring me down. And I was determined not to let anything ruin my night. 
But when I pulled into Finn’s place, all that anxiety came back with a vengeance. 

***

Finn greeted me at the door with a chuckle and a shake of the head. 
“So did Phil have a coronary?” he asked. 
“Don’t know. Don’t care.” 
“What does that mean exactly?”
“Jonathan and Mack are covering for me. It was such a great night, they didn’t want him to ruin it. Plus, Mack found out that the management loved our little stunt.”
“And so did everyone else.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, let’s just say you lit it up on social media. You’ve turned into quite a press princess all of a sudden. How do you feel about that?”
“I’m not sure,” I said, forgetting about everything with Finn so close, smelling so incredible.
“Scratch that. No thinking tonight, let’s just celebrate.”
“I’m completely down with that,” I said, noticing Finn’s eyes on me. “What?” I asked, feeling self-conscious.  
“You amaze me, Case,” he said. “You went after what you wanted tonight. I’m so impressed.”
His praise made my heart swell, even if I knew I didn’t deserve it.
“I don’t think you’d be impressed if you knew everything about me.”
“I know you are smart, and talented, and you have drive and integrity. And trust me, those traits aren’t easy to come by.” 
“Finn, I need to tell you something.” It was time, I waited too long and it was eating at me more and more every day. I had never been a coward before, but I was afraid. Afraid of what I felt for the guy after such a short time. Afraid of how he made me feel — so uneasy, out of control, but in a perfect way. He was exciting and freeing and I knew once I had a taste of everything he could offer, I’d never want anything or anyone else. Most of all I was afraid that once I told him about my original intentions, he’d leave.     
“No,” Finn said without wavering, giving me the out I so desperately wanted. “Not tonight. I’ve waited too long for you, Casey, and I’m not going to wait any longer.” 
Chapter 26


Finn

Kiki was talking, but I wasn’t listening. Instead I went back to the night that changed everything.  
I grabbed Casey a little more roughly than I intended. I was tired of waiting, tired of trying to be the good guy. I wasn’t a good guy and it was best if she knew that right now. There was nothing remotely noble or gallant in my nature. I had plenty women who would attest to that fact.
But I was trying. And I wanted to be good for her. To her. 
Still, enough was enough. 
My fingers laced through the belt loops of her jeans and I pulled her toward me. 
“I want you, Casey,” I told her. “Tell me now if you don’t feel the same way.”
A flash of something passed over her face when she said, “I do want this, but—”
I cut her off right there. “No,” I said. “No over thinking this. No flimsy excuses or second guessing. I can’t take any more. In about ten seconds, I’m going to take what I wanted that first time I saw you. What I would’ve killed to finish the first time I had you in my home.”
A tiny moan fell from her lips, so I kept going. 
“You were so wet that day. So shocked at what I was doing to you, but so turned on. You didn’t want to like it, didn’t want to like me, but you did.”
She turned then, to hang her messenger bag on the coat rack. I took the opportunity to move in. My chest flush with her back, I drew her to me. 
She tensed for a moment. But as I started whispering all the things I wanted to do to her, she melted into me. 
“It’s now or never,” I said, slipping my hand under her sweatshirt. 
Her skin was hot to the touch, soft, and trembling when I placed my palm on her stomach. 
Casey dropped her head on my shoulder and said, “Now.”
My dick twitched at the sound of her ragged voice, and the promise of what was to come. 
I began to move my hand in lazy circles on her stomach while my other hand ran up and down her throat. I could feel her pulse racing under my touch. I wanted more. 
I pulled off her shirt, uncovering her flawless olive skin and, Christ, she looked fucking edible in her plain white bra. It was simple and soft, just like I know she wanted to be. But she was also so complex and tough. Seeing her like this, with me, was better than I ever remembered it being with anyone.  
Unable to tear my eyes away, I soaked in her perfect form, aching to touch her heavy breasts. 
So maybe this is why you wait. 
If I hadn’t been able to spend time with Casey, and if I didn’t know her quirks and humor and spunky personality, would I appreciate this moment? Of course, I’d be mad for her body, but I saw how she was more than that. I felt pangs of guilt for a past with a nameless, faceless group of girls that I only wanted for one thing. 
“What is it?” Casey asked, noticing my sudden change. 
“Nothing,” I automatically replied. A response that came naturally from people always asking what was wrong with me. Man, where do I even begin. 
I wanted her to know about me, about the illness. I wanted her to know that if we did this, it would be the first time that I did it in my right mind. This was real. But I remember what she said when I told her about Mom. She could never do it — take care of someone like me. I knew that was a lie. I knew she could, but now was not the time to tell her.  
“Come back to me,” she said. 
A vibrating sound came up from my chest. I hardly recognized it as my own. Casey did something to me; she got to me so deep inside I didn’t think I could ever get enough from her. I’m embarrassed to say I lunged at her like a starving animal. It was as though my life depended on her. And I wanted to consume. 
I flipped her over my shoulder and she screamed. 
“Put me down, Finn. I’m a grown woman; I can walk.”
The way she squirmed in my arms made me crazy. The good kind of crazy. 
Fuck. 
This was going to be fun. 
Chapter 27
FREEZE FRAME (n.):
A technique in which a single frame of video is repeated in sequence to give the effect of frozen, suspended, or stopped motion.

Casey

I was flying. 
Literally.
This Neanderthal of a man tossed me off his shoulder into his bed. 
And it felt so good to let someone else be in control for once. Not having to think. Just feel. But as much as I wanted to let go and open to him, something held me back. 
“I can feel those wheels turning again, Case,” he said. “I’m asking — no, I’m begging — please turn it off tonight. Please give yourself to me.”
“I want to,” I told him, my voice breaking. “I want to so much.”  
“Let me take the lead,” he said. “I need you to let me.”
Finn didn’t wait for my response. Instead, he took my hands, turned them over and placed a soft kiss in each palm. It was sweet and comforting, but not for long. 
He pulled them up to the slats on his headboard and growled, “Now hold on, and don’t fucking let go.”
There were no words to describe what his command did to me. It excited and calmed me in equal measure. It shut down all the racing thoughts in my head and finally, magnificently, allowed me to let go. 
Finn made quick work of my jeans so that within seconds I was spread out for him, wearing only my bra and panties. At that moment, I wished I wore lingerie. I wished I wasn’t so practical. I wished I knew how to be sexy. 
“You are so fucking sexy,” Finn said as if he could read my thoughts. 
“Not exactly the most exciting choice of undergarments,” I said. The old me rising to the surface. 
“Case, you could wear a paper sack and still give me an aching hard-on.”
I laughed. “You’re so romantic.”
“Can’t help it, you make me want to do and say filthy things to you.”
Now this was new. I never had anyone talk dirty during sex. I never even thought about it. I was usually too focused on getting to the end. I always managed to orgasm, but it was almost always on my part versus my partner. I had the feeling that was going to change tonight. 
“Like what?” I asked, encouraging him. What had gotten into me? 
“Like how I need to take off this prim white bra and panties before I can do what I’ve been craving since the first time I saw you.”
“So you were looking at me as an object then,” I said, only partially kidding. 
“Fuck yes, I was,” he said, unapologetic. That familiar zing traveled to all the best places. 
Finn leaned over me, moving in for a kiss before he changed paths and went down to my breast. He pulled the cup of my bra down and covered his mouth over the peak of my nipple. The warm heat pulled an invisible thread that went down between my legs. It was a direct line of pleasure that had me arching off the bed. 
“Hold on,” he said. “Don’t let go.”
I nodded because I could no longer find my words when his mouth went to my neglected breast and his hands began to travel up and down my sides. I held on and let the sensations wash over me. 
Finn slid down my body and nestled himself between my legs, giving the same treatment to my most private parts. He pulled my panties to the side and glided his tongue down the center of me. Again, I felt the warm heat and that invisible thread made my nipples so hard, they actually hurt straining against the cotton. 
My legs opened for him. I was unabashed and so full of need, I didn’t think about how I looked. I only wanted him closer. 
“Take off your shirt,” I ordered him. I had to feel his skin on me as he worked over my body. 
“What did I say about giving up control?” He smirked. 
I wanted to bite that lip so desperately, my mouth opened on instinct. 
He must’ve liked that because a low hiss came out of those lips and I could feel the moisture soaking my panties. 
His smirk was gone and he complied with my command. He reached up and peeled his shirt off and I think my mouth dropped open again. He was so beautiful. Not an ounce of fat on him, he was cut and strong, but still lean. Black ink ran down his rib cage and I couldn’t wait for my turn at this game so I could lick and nip at it. 
Between my legs I could feel the smooth skin of his arms on the inside of my thighs before he bit the waistband of my underwear and pulled. 
He spread my legs wider and just looked at me. 
There.
It was obscene. Dirty. 
I wanted more. 
Finn hovered over me; his eyes almost black. His stomach pushed against my slick skin and I thought I’d die if he didn’t touch me. He yanked down the other cup of my bra, so both breasts spilled over. They were propped high by the underwire, and that’s how he left them. 
He retreated from me, just a little, to admire his work. 
I’m not sure what order things happened next, because I felt everything at once: his weight on me; his mouth running over each peak of my breasts; his fingers sliding along my seam; his thumb circling my clit. 
The world stopped spinning for several glorious seconds, and I was frozen in time. 
Then, it erupted. 
I called out in pain, in pleasure, in fear, and excitement. I was feeling so much, I couldn’t put a name on it. 
And by the time two of his fingers finally pushed inside, I clenched around him and came hard and fast.
Chapter 28


Finn

Anchor/Kiki Stuart: Finn. Earth to Finn. 
Finn Daley: Sorry, do you mind repeating the question?

I don’t think I’ve ever seen something so erotic, so goddamn beautiful than Casey coming apart all around me. I let the moment draw out. I didn’t rush; I didn’t push. 
As I wrapped my arms around her, I couldn’t have been much closer. Still, it didn’t feel like it was enough. She was spent, her body all soft and heavy. She tried to fight it, feeling her way down my body. I knew she wanted to reciprocate, but she needed her sleep.
And I wanted to hold her and enjoy my quiet and peaceful mind. 

***

Once she was sound asleep, I went out to my indoor rink in shorts and T-shirt, laced up my skates and went to work. 
The plan had always been to give the treatment one year. One year, and if it worked, I’d come back to hockey.
 It was working and everything was finally falling into place. 
I jumped over the boards onto the ice, enjoying the cool air rising off it, hitting my bare skin. I was skating, shooting, and maneuvering around imagined opponents for almost an hour when Casey came in.
She was wearing my jersey and nothing else. It unsheathed something so primal out of me, I couldn’t think. I could only react.  
I flipped my legs over the boards as she approached. I had to touch her. Needed to get my hands under my name and number. 
She didn’t give me a chance. 
Casey moved toward me, eyes locked on mine. 
I was having trouble finding my breath. I wanted to flip her over the boards and drive into her. There wasn’t time. 
So tiny, especially with the extra inches I had on her wearing my skates, she dropped to her knees. Oh, shit. I was losing my mind. She tugged my athletic shorts and boxers down with her. I sprang free and thought I might come right then. Fuck, I wanted this girl. 
“I want you to taste you,” she said. “Understand?”
Suddenly my mouth was so dry, my voice felt like sandpaper rubbing against my throat. I couldn’t talk, so I nodded to give her permission to abuse my body in any way she saw fit. 
Her mouth was hot and tight and damn inviting. I wanted to move. She took me in — all the way to the base. The suction make me cry out.
I wanted to fist my hands in her hair, hold her head, push my cock deeper into her mouth. 
But I didn’t, I let her take control. It was her turn. 
She bobbed her head up and down, achingly slow at first. Then she picked up her rhythm and suction. Adding her teeth to the mix, she slightly grazed over my shaft. 
I called out her name and she pulled back. 
“It’s okay,” she said. “I can take you deeper. Don’t hold back. Fuck my mouth.”
She put her mouth back on me and I was so close. So ….
“Finn,” Casey said. “Finn, wake up.”
Chapter 29
AIR (n.):
The medium for radio and TV broadcasting … and something I could never get enough of when Finn was around.

Casey

Finn’s thrashing woke me up in the middle of the night. I must’ve fallen asleep after he gave me the best orgasm of my life. Something I fully intended to pay back. 
“Wake up,” I said, trying to shake him awake, worried he was having a bad dream. 
But when I located his hand, and other parts, I realized it wasn’t bad. Not bad at all.
I should’ve let him finish, but jealousy sunk in. I wanted to do it. I wanted to make him come apart like he did for me. 
Sliding his boxers down, I placed my hand over his. Stroking roughly. 
“Let me take over,” I said and he stirred awake.
“Casey?”
“Shhh,” I said. “Let me take care of you.” 

***
 
The next morning, I snuck out of Finn’s bed, went home, and dressed for work. I hated leaving him, but now that daylight had come, it was time to face the consequences of my little stunt last night. 
I walked into the station and took the long way up to the sports department. I needed to ease into it. As I took my first step inside, I braced for Phil’s tongue lashing. 
But at the table in the center of the room, his smile stretched from ear to ear. 
“Great work, Phil,” the Executive Producer, Tim Hobbs, said with a laugh. “Just an excellent job with the Sports Girls, and last night was brilliant.”
Mack was right, The Mole was taking credit. 
My eyes were locked on Phil as he explained his line of thinking — how best to draw in the female demographic. I was burning up and obviously not paying attention to where I was walking, because I hit a file cabinet. The metal vibrated and everyone turned in my direction.
“The lady of the hour,” Tim said. “We were just congratulating the team on a job well done. Our website crashed due to the number of hits from last night’s cut-in. And the comments have been pretty damn incredible.”
My cheeks heated, feeling the flaming daggers Phil shot from his eyes. 
“I’m so glad you liked it,” I told the suits. “Better get back to work though; it’s going to be hard to top.”
“Well, leave that to Phil,” Tim said. “I’m sure he’ll come up with another great idea for you.”

***

Phil was busy the rest of the day working with the promotions team, so I was in the clear. Tomorrow, however, would be another story.
I spent the day researching safety issues for high school hockey players, hoping to find something that would work for sweeps. But anything safety and kid-related had been done to death.
I found some evergreen stories, but nothing that really stood out. Nothing like why Finn Daley left the NHL at the height of his game. But that story was dead. It simply couldn’t happen. Not after last night. 
My body tingled at the memory, one that I had been too crazed to even think about until now. It warmed me inside and out. 
As if he could always sense what I was thinking, a text from Finn came in at that moment.
Haven’t heard from you, so you must still have a job.
For now, I replied. 
Well, I’m sure I could find plenty for you to do around here.
Don’t be smart. 
I think I’m starting to like you bossing me around.
Okay, perv. What did you want? I’m busy working for a living.
Just to tell you, I missed you.
Me too.
Come over after work?
Two nights in a row? Sounds serious.
It is.
Does this have something to do with the dream I woke you from this morning?
Everything and more.
What were you dreaming about anyway? 
You and your filthy mouth.
I’m intrigued. How was I?
You have no idea. But the reality was even better.
Chapter 30


Finn

Anchor/Kiki Stuart: Tell us how you felt before you learned about her assignment. Before you learned that your entire relationship was a sham.
Finn Daley: Right before I found out? Well, that’s easy. It was the best time of my life.

Between the dream, the wake-up call, and dirty text messages, I was hard all day. I should’ve realized the signs, but I didn’t. I just thought it was the excitement, the newness of Casey. So when she arrived at the house, I didn’t waste any time. 
She seemed just fine with that. 
I stripped her bare within seconds of her arrival. 
She pushed me back against the wall and let me fondle her with my eyes. 
“Is this how I looked in your dream?” she asked.
“No,” I told her. “This is better. I’ve been thinking about you all day. How I wanted you bare and ready for me so I could fuck you all night.”
Way back in my head, I knew I should’ve toned it down. We hadn’t been together long enough for me to completely unleash my depraved mouth on her. 
Yet, I didn’t care.
And when she gasped, creating the most pleasurable sensation on my cock, I knew my instincts were right about Casey. She wanted this as much as I did. 
Jesus Fucking Christ.
Stepping out of my jeans and boxers, I slid my belt from the loops. I was going to need it. Casey bit her lip, but didn’t say a word. That meant she trusted me. 
I took off my shirt to even the score and linked my hand in hers. I don’t think I’ve ever felt so good, so strong, so in control as I did in that moment. 
“This way,” I said. 
I led her away with me. Into the darkness. 
  

Chapter 31
FADE TO BLACK
An editing technique in which a piece of video
dissolves into a frame of black.

Casey

Finn strapped me to the railing of his grandiose staircase. My arms high over my head, my knees resting on the landing, I felt like I was floating. 
The lights were dim, but the front wall of the foyer was nothing but windows. Anyone walking by could see me in this precarious position. 
I liked it. 
No, make that fucking loved it. 
Finn was wilder with me now. Almost the same way he was that first time I came to his house. As much as I denied it, I wanted to see him like this again. I needed him to handle me this way. 
I knew I should want sweet, stable, soft, and kind. But that’s not what did it for me. I liked it hard and fast and a little out of control. It was the complete opposite of how I lived my life. 
Finn left me to get something, he didn’t say what. So I hung there in delicious anticipation. Finally, I heard his footsteps. 
“Do you know how beautiful you look?” he asked. “Just waiting for me.”
His gaze was so intense, so penetrating, it made every cell in my body awaken as I leaned into him. 
“I like that,” he said. Though something in his eyes and the quirk of his lips made him look a bit like a stranger to me. I closed my eyes to shut out the unwelcome thoughts. I hated the way my mind loved to go on overdrive. I was not going to ruin a second of this. I wanted it so badly, my body ached for him. 
Finn began to run his hands over my sensitive flesh — slow and controlled at first. His calloused hands scraped my skin, the perfect balance of pleasure and pain.
Until his hands began moving faster, rougher.
“Ow,” I called out when his palm burned my tender nipples as he ran his hands over and over them. 
I opened my eyes and Finn looked lost. 
“Hey,” I said, trying to get him to meet my eyes. My voice didn’t register as his pupils moved from side to side. 
Something was wrong. Very wrong.
“Finn,” I called out to him, struggling in my restraints. “Finn, look at me.”








Chapter 32


Finn

Anchor Kiki Stuart: Let’s talk about the reveal — when you both discovered the other’s secrets. 
Finn Daley: The picture began to clear at almost exactly the same time. But she was with me when I had an episode. That’s what started the whole misunderstanding.  

Shit. Fuck. Goddamn, Motherfucker. Not now. Christ, not now. 
Of course it was happening. I had been up for almost forty-eight hours straight. My mind had been racing and I couldn’t stop thinking about Casey. I knew what this was. I had these episodes my entire life. Still, I didn’t want to believe it. I wanted to believe the medication was helping. 
I swayed, and the multiple Caseys that I was seeing in my messed up eyes slowly turned into one — very worried-looking — woman. 
She was working to get out of the belt; I leaned over to help her. 
“I’m sorry,” I said, unable to make my hands work right. I was coming down hard and heavy and would be in need of a bed very soon. 
The last thing I remembered was her hands on me, and then everything went dark. 
For a very long time. 







The End of Part 1.
Just Listen, Public Lives Part 2, continues Finn and Casey’s story and will be released June 2014.
Acknowledgements


This book would not have been written without the love and support from my husband and son. Living with a writer is no easy task and they do it with patience, grace, and humor. Most of the time, anyway. I’m lucky to have you both, and so happy we’re on this crazy journey together. Love you guys! 
 So much gratitude to my support system —my mom and in-laws, sisters, and friends. I’d be mad without you!  
Thanks also to the ladies who made this book shine: Sara Biren for her amazing editing skills and Rebecca Berto for the awesome cover. 
Hugs to Love Between the Sheets for the excellent work on the cover reveal and book blitz; my beta readers for excellent feedback; the reviewers who take the time to read my books and write such thoughtful reviews; bloggers for spreading the word; and the romance and NA community for all of your love and support. 
And to my readers, you are the best!  
About the Author

Clare James is the author of steamy contemporary romance and new adult novels: BEFORE YOU GO, MORE, DIRTY LITTLE LIES, and TALK TO ME. She’s also a former dancer, and still loves to get her groove on—mostly to work off her beloved cupcakes and red wine. 
A fan of spunky women, gorgeous guys, and super-hot romance, Clare spends most of her time lost in books. She lives in Minneapolis with her two leading men—her husband and young son—and loves to hear from her fans. 
Find her at:
www.clarejamesbooks.com
@clarejamesbooks
http://www.facebook.com/clarejamesauthor
CONTINUE READING for a special excerpt of JUST LISTEN, Public Lives, Part 2 to be released on June 23, 2014.
Just Listen 
Public Lives, Part 2©
By 
Clare James

Plug (n.):
A hockey term used to describe someone who is completely and entirely useless.

Finn
In the NHL, players, coaches, and commentators talked endlessly about Hockey Sense. It was something extremely difficult to teach, you really either had it or you didn’t.
A player with hockey sense made the correct play nine times out of ten. They were a step ahead of the play, rarely caught out of position or off guard. In other words, born to play hockey.
I had that. 
But once hockey was gone, I lost it all.  
“Dude, you have no choice,” my friend and teammate, Nate Denny, said last spring after I emerged from another weekend bender. “It’s time to face this.”
“Face what?” I asked, still in denial. Since the initial diagnosis, I refused to think about it, let alone talk about it.
The only people who knew about my problem were Nate, my agent, Stan, and the doctors, of course. Nate took the docs’ side on pretty much everything, but Stan wasn’t all that concerned. In fact, he thought we could use my diagnosis to our advantage. 
Money-grubbing asshole.
Nate didn’t let up until I finally checked into an inpatient facility. That’s really when everything changed. The fog began to lift and I felt my head clearing for the first time since I could remember. The clarity was something I couldn’t explain; the control and calm I experienced was something I knew I desperately needed. Unfortunately, that meant some big changes in the months ahead – necessary changes, if I wanted to have any quality of life. 
I called it the new normal. 
And when it became apparent that retiring from hockey was part of the new normal – at least until I got ahold of my life – Nate was the only person in my corner.  
When I woke up this time, he was the only person there again. Slumped over in the chair, snoring. 
I was happy about that. It gave me some time to get orientated after my latest stumble. 
As I looked around the hospital room, a familiar feeling came rushing back – a feeling I thought I experienced for the last time. 
I was wrong.
The docs told me I most likely would have episodes at times – when I was stressed or faced certain triggers – but I didn’t believe them. I was too tough, too disciplined. 
I followed all the rules to get better, for fuck’s sake. Yet I still wound up here.
It was a kick to the goddamn nuts.
My last moments with Casey began to seeping in to my newly found consciousness. That smell of hers – spicy and inviting – hit me first. I could detect her scent in the hospital room even with the potent disinfectant filling the air. 
That meant she was there, at least at some point. A mild comfort. 
The memory of her striking face was the next blow. The look in those large brown doe eyes that last night, when she was bound for me, open and waiting for my next move. Her pupils large; her lips parted; her bare chest, rising and falling rapidly, in sweet anticipation.  
And then, the disturbing image I couldn’t shake – the way her expression of wanton desire turned to panic. 
It was terrifying. 
I tried to recall the rest. What did I do? What did I say? What did she see? Was she okay?
All I could think was that I had to get to her. Soon.
I had no idea how long I’d been out. That was the trouble, it could’ve been hours or days. My body told me it had been a while. As I tried to get up, I was overwhelmed with an uncomfortable sensation of exhaustion mixed with regret. Like when I was young and getting trashed every night, waking up to a stranger in my bed and wondering what the fuck happened. It was like that. But worse. Far worse, because there was nothing (or no one) to blame. No alcohol, or wild party, or swarms of girls begging me to do filthy things to them. This one was all on me. My unstable, unreliable, crazy, fucked-up, destined-to-be-miserable self. 
Falling back into bed, I slowed my breathing. With the raging war going on inside my chest, I could feel my blood pressure rising, which would surely start setting off the monitors I was chained to. 
I needed to calm the hell down, but part of me was livid that Casey hadn’t stayed. That she ran at the first sign of trouble. 
Then again, who in their right mind would sign up for this shit?
I punched the mattress, but it hardly moved. My hands were no longer the lethal weapons they once were. My mind was fried, unable to focus or think clearly. It’d been months since I felt this worthless. 
Rendered incapable of doing anything, I let the exhaustion pull me back under. And I went back to dreaming of her.  


Chapter 1

Two Months Later
On the set of Good Morning U.S.A.

Casey
Anchor/Kiki Stuart: And that brings us to the woman of the hour, Casey Scott. We know her as the reporter who broke the story, and as Finn’s weak link, but I think I speak for everyone when I say, we are dying to hear from you, Casey.
Casey Scott: Thanks for having me, Kiki. But I wouldn’t say I was the person who broke the story. I had it all wrong—
Finn Daley: You’ve got that right.
Casey Scott: I know; that’s what I just said. 
Finn Daley: Just want to make sure you’re not still delusional.
Casey Scott: Hey, you’ve had your say. I think it’s time I’ve had mine.
Anchor/Kiki Stuart: Oh, boy. Guys, I don’t want to be forced to call security. Are you sure you’re going to be okay sitting next to each other?
Casey Scott: We’ll be fine.
Finn Daley: Speak for yourself.

I hadn’t seen Finn for some time, since everything was set in motion. It was the most brutal torture to sit this close without any physical contact. I missed his intoxicating smell; his electric touch; his deep laugh; and the way his face warmed whenever he looked at me. 
Though it seemed like forever since he looked at me that way. 
These days, the looks were full of scorn and disgust. I tried to blame him for the situation. I told myself it was his fault. If he had just been honest. If he had trusted me enough to tell the truth. 
But all that was bullshit. I betrayed him, and I lost him. There was nobody to blame but myself.  
I didn’t want to do the interview, because I didn’t care what happened to me. Our agents, however, insisted. They both agreed it was the best way to put this whole thing to bed. I was out numbered. Not that there was much skin off my back, it was Finn who I worried about. He was the one with everything on the line. 
Personally, I didn’t want to rehash it all in front of the American public. I didn’t want to remember that night. I can’t imagine he did either. When he went dark on me, it was the worst night of my life.
The weeks that followed weren’t much better.




