Less Than Nothing
R. E. Blake
Smashwords edition. Copyright © 2014 by R. E. Blake. All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used, reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage or retrieval system, without the written permission of the publisher, except where permitted by law, or in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews. For information, contact:
Books@REBlake.com
Published by

 
Contents
From the Author
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
More than Anything
About the Author

 


From the Author
I’ve always loved coming-of-age novels as well as road books. Some of my favorites have been novels that combine both elements - a main character who’s on the road, in difficult circumstances, and through the journey discovers important lessons about herself and the world around her.
Less Than Nothing is a romance, but it’s also an adventure, the story of two people growing into their own skins as their relationship develops. Love stories involving big changes, seismic shifts for the characters, sacrifices and compromises and difficult choices, are the ones I find the most satisfying as a reader. Less Than Nothing is that kind of book. I hope you enjoy it.
 
Chapter 1
San Francisco, California
I used to wonder where homeless people came from.
What personality flaws or bad decisions resulted in them living on the streets? Maybe they were too lazy to work or drunk all the time or mentally ill?
I know that’s totally shallow, but that’s how I felt. I admit it.
I remember driving by groups of street people, peering at them from the quiet safety of my folks’ car, giving only seconds of thought to the question before moving on to more important things, like texting my friends or posting on Facebook.
Now that I’m one of them, I’m not so judgmental.
The morning air is crisp, the fog having burned off in the last hour, although if I look toward the Golden Gate Bridge I know I’ll see the russet towers rising from a white snowscape. I set my overstuffed backpack on the sidewalk and open the guitar case I carry everywhere I go. Its handle is broken, and the hard black plastic is as battered as I feel today after another restless night in the park.
The guitar’s caramel-colored top is scarred from the years, the varnish rubbed off where my forearm’s worn it away, the protective coating no match for my sweat.
Seven years playing it every day since I got it on my tenth birthday, my constant companion and friend, the one thing my father left me other than his blue eyes…no matter what chaos was going on around me, Yam was there. Not an original name, I know – it’s a Yamaha guitar – but it’s the one thing in my life that’s a constant, and now that I’m homeless, it’s doing double duty supporting me…or so I hope every day when I sing for my dinner.
Or lunch, in this case, but still.
A tall woman with long gray hair, wearing buckskin moccasins and a floral summer dress, slows as I croon the final words of “Yellow Bird.” When I finish, she places a quarter in my empty guitar case with the solemnity of a general awarding a medal. Her kindly hazel eyes have that washed-out look you see a lot in this area, a vacant quality. Probably one too many tabs of blotter acid for the old brain to handle.
“You got a beautiful voice,” she says, her voice sandpaper rough, and offers a faint smile, her skin crinkling like parchment in the corners of her eyes as a faint whiff of patchouli drifts to me.
“Thanks. Glad you like it,” I say, but she’s already moving on, her attention caught by something else. The constant parade of the shell-shocked and the stoned provide a daily spectacle in the Haight, where it’s always 1967 and the Summer of Love never ended.
I eye the coin, my reward for a half hour of singing my heart out, and do a quick, depressing calculation. Mondays are always the worst – few tourists and the locals broke from the weekend.
“Hey, Sage, whassup?” a familiar voice says from my left, and I turn to where a whippet-thin guy with a mop of dreadlocks and a stringy goatee, army surplus jacket over well-worn coveralls, stands with his mountain bike.
“Hey, Todd. You know. Same ol’. You on today?”
“Yeah, gotta earn my keep, you know?” He glances at the quarter. “Big money isn’t going to ruin you, is it?”
“Nah. I’ll still remember you when I’m accepting my Grammy.”
Todd’s harmless, a bike messenger who rents a room over the clothing store next to what I think of as “my” spot. He gave up hitting on me after a few weeks, transitioning into a friend after receiving my “I’m not going to blow you” vibe loud and clear. Best of all, he lets me use his bathroom to shower whenever I’m out of options – a simple thing you learn not to take for granted when living outdoors, as I like to think of it.
“All right. Later,” he says and darts between two parked cars, straddling the bike in one easy motion before disappearing in a blur, cheerfully ignoring the chorus of honking horns behind him as he cuts across traffic and runs the red light at the corner.
I’ve learned that harmless friends are good to have, living on the street. A lot of the other runaways I’ve met are pretty easygoing. The majority are just trying to make it day to day, get high, avoid the indifferent cops, and dodge the predators that prey on them. Some are aggressively crazy, but they’re easy to spot and don’t last long, and I quickly figured out how to stay out of their way. But the older street people, the adults, are a different story. A lot of them are mental, violent, and inhabit a ruthless jungle of their own devising.
And it’s all playing out in a city with limitless prosperity symbolized by gleaming high-rises jutting into the sky, luxury cars rolling down the streets, and a thin veneer of civility over the rot at its core.
“Don’t go all emo on your ass, girl,” I mutter to myself, a habit I’ve gotten into lately. I push my dyed black bangs aside and close my eyes for a second. “Sing the blues, don’t live ’em.” I shift on the blanket, my ragged Chuck Ts bleached a dull gray from the sun, and strum a few chords, checking the tuning of the high E, which always wants to go flat, and then launch into some Janis, a reliable favorite in this neighborhood and usually good for a few bits.
I’m halfway through the chorus of “Bobby McGee” when I notice him. Leaning against a parking meter, twin curtains of unruly hair framing a pair of bottle-green eyes, an amused smirk on his face, black jeans and scuffed leather motorcycle jacket in the best post-punk tradition, a cardboard guitar case dangling from one hand. I keep playing, singing like the devil himself is after my soul, and when the last note dies, he puts his guitar down and claps, slowly.
I look up, and my heart skips a beat when he brushes his hair back – chiseled jaw, high cheekbones, a nose that looks like it might have been broken at some point, which only makes him more attractive. No, not attractive. That word doesn’t come close. He’s more than that. He’s…he’s beautiful.
Before you think I was all “looking at his eyes was like staring at two blazing suns,” let me clarify. Some guys are Calvin Klein model hot, and some are ruggedly handsome, but this guy is…he’s thermonuclear, OH MY GOD, all-caps-warranted hot. Like take-a-picture-to-make-sure-it’s-not-your-imagination gorgeous. Not that I ordinarily pay attention. I’ve got a reputation on the street as cold, which is how I prefer it. But, crap. How often do you see a guy who should be carved in marble, fig leaf optional?
I gaze up at him and swallow hard. “Tip jar’s right here.”
He nods. “Wish I had more than admiration to offer,” he says, his smile making my stomach flutter, and then strides down the block, sits by the coffee shop entry, and pulls out his guitar.
Great. Competition. Another homeless dude trying to cut into my action.
I rise to defend my turf when he strums a few chords left-handed and starts to sing. My stomach free-falls – his voice matches his looks. No, it’s actually better than that. It’s mesmerizing to listen to, the timing of his inflection just unexpected enough to make it seem like he’s toying with the words, rolling them around in his mouth like wine tasters do in the movies, then setting them down for gentle landings at the last possible instant. As a singer, it’s the equivalent of watching a dizzying high-wire act with no net, part of the fascination the wait for the inevitable fall…that never comes.
My dismal prospects for making a living just got worse with this guy working the same street.
And I was here first.
Talented and hunky or not, I need to protect my little piece of sidewalk, or I might as well print “Welcome” across my back and play mat, which isn’t my style.
A pair of women drop coins into his case when the last note dies, and I watch as he banters with them, his green eyes flashing in the sun’s warming rays, his smile easy and his laugh easier, almost musical. I heft my backpack and pocket my quarter, and after slipping Yam into its case, march over to where he’s sitting.
“Kind of rude, don’t you think?” I say, struggling to keep my voice steady, my feet spread apart defiantly. My heart sinks a little when I see he’s already amassed a dollar – each woman must have given him fifty precious cents. A dollar that should have been mine, on my sidewalk, here on my street.
“What is?” he replies, his tone gentle, a small smile tugging at one corner of his mouth.
“This is my block. I’ve been playing here for months.” I know there’s an edge to my voice. I try not to let my gaze linger on his face, but when my eyes drop to his tanned arms and sculpted chest, it’s almost worse. He’s wearing a form-fitting black T-shirt that’s like a second skin, and his biceps and pecs are as perfect as I’d feared. A stylized tribal tattoo runs down one arm, and on his right forearm, a fifties-era Elvis in dinner jacket and slacks dips with a mic stand.
I have no idea why I’m totally checking him out, and find myself eyeing his guitar so I’m not obvious about it. Besides, I’m pissed. He’s taking my customers. This is war.
He strums a few notes and adjusts the A string a little and then nods, satisfied. I notice it’s strung for a right-handed player even though he’s left-handed, which looks weird to me, but I refuse to be distracted any more than I already am. He looks up at me and offers a grin.
“I missed where you could own a whole block. Didn’t see the signs where you’d staked a claim or whatever.” His tone sounds reasonable, but I detect mockery in it.
“I’m telling you it’s my street, and it’s not big enough for both of us.” My eyes flare anger at him. Nobody makes fun of me. I’ve been living by my wits for the last four months, and I’ve learned that you never back down when you’re protecting what’s yours, or the world will take everything from you. Beautiful or not, he’s picked the wrong girl to try to buffalo.
He seems to think for a few moments and then flashes another smile. His teeth are so white they could be on a billboard or something. My heart rate accelerates ten beats per minute, and I have to remind myself to breathe. What the hell’s wrong with me?
When he speaks, it’s the worst John Wayne imitation ever. “Them’s fightin’ words, pardner.”
In spite of how angry I’m getting, I can’t help but laugh, and he laughs with me, his face warming with it and dimples appearing on his cheeks. The black leather necklace he’s wearing jiggles, and a small silver musical note glints hypnotically in time with his chuckling.
I will myself to hold it together. “I’m serious.”
He nods, as though I’ve finally gotten through to him. “What kind of parents saddle their kid with a name like that?”
I can feel the color rise in my cheeks, a flush that’s as reliable a warning as a snake’s rattle.
“Do I look amused?” I ask, my voice suddenly quiet. I’m using my ‘important matters’ voice, which I learned from my mom. It’s the subdued, “this is really frigging serious” tone she reserved for discussions about sex or drinking or drugs. I think mine is way more ominous sounding.
He sighs and stands. “We could do the dueling guitars thing from that movie with the hillbillies. Although I’m not into the whole rural rape thing.”
“Deliverance. And it was banjos.”
“I knew that.”
He seems genuine, so I soften my approach a little, since my current attempts to get him to acknowledge my claim on the area aren’t having the desired effect. I could threaten him, but it would be laughable. It’s pretty obvious that he could more than defend himself against anything I threw at him.
An image of me throwing myself on top of him flashes through my mind, and I shake it off. He seems to be able to read my thoughts, because his smirk returns. He takes a step toward me, and my eyes widen – but I don’t back off.
This. Is. My. Street.
He holds out a hand. “I’m Derek.”
Now what do I do? I didn’t ask his name. I’m not asking him anything. I told him to get the hell off my strip of cement so I can make enough to pay for lunch.
I hesitate and then shake his hand. “And you were just leaving,” I say, my delivery firm.
“I didn’t catch yours. Or should I just call you serious?”
Now I’m back to getting angry again, having been sidetracked by his little run at humor. “You think this is some kind of game?”
When he stares directly into my eyes and steps even closer, I draw a sharp intake of breath and hope it isn’t audible. He leans into me and whispers in my ear, like a lover telling a secret.
“I really need to make some money today, Miss Serious. And neither one of us is making anything arguing.”
I debate kneeing him as hard as I can while he’s so close – close enough to smell soap and the faint aroma of his tanned skin. As though he can sense my impulse, he pulls away, eyeing me with caution. That’s more like it.
He studies me with an amused expression, like I’m a slide in lab class.
“Can I buy you a cup of coffee?” he asks. The question takes me by surprise. No, you can’t, you smirking interloper. Not in a million years.
Which isn’t how my answer sounds when I say, “Fine.”
He grins again like he’s won a round, and I wonder to myself what just happened. I clear my throat and debate repeating my claim on the street, but decide that a hot cup of java actually sounds pretty good, especially since I haven’t eaten anything today, having squandered my prior day’s fortune on budget Chinese food and a dog-eared paperback copy of The Stand I snagged for a buck to pass the time.
Contrary to what most people imagine, one of the worst things about being homeless is the boredom. No TV, no gaming, just one relentless hour after another, either hungry or trying to find someplace safe to catch a few Zs or avoiding danger…or the cops. But mostly sitting around doing nothing.
Which is why being a big reader turned out to be lucky for me. If you can call anything about living day to day by the skin of your teeth ‘lucky.’
Derek leans over and scoops up the change, and against my better judgment I sneak a look at his butt. Definitely impressive, if not world class. He slips on his leather jacket, shoulders his rucksack, and appraises me as he sets his guitar into the case.
“Where’s the best coffee?” he asks. Anything that moves him away from his position on the sidewalk is a big win for me, so I point to a shop on the corner.
“Peaches and Cream. It’s rocket fuel.”
“Cool. Lead the way.”
I try to figure out whether he’s trying to check me out as I walk to the café, and decide there could be more unpleasant things. Besides, my clothes are baggy, as shapeless as possible, the better to avoid unwanted attention from the pervs and letches who are drawn to vulnerability like bees to honey.
I catch sight of my reflection in the display window as I approach the entry and realize how much taller he is, easily eight or nine inches – which isn’t hard, considering I’m all of five three on my tallest day. God, even his reflection looks amazing. That’s just not right.
But one cup of coffee isn’t a surrender. I’m not backing down.
Just draining the enemy’s resources before the big battle.
At least that’s how I think of it as I glance to my left, confirming there aren’t many pedestrians out yet – so I’m not likely losing that much in earnings anyway by taking him up on his offer.
I get another good look at him in the window and notice he’s staring at our reflection, too, which immediately makes me self-conscious, wondering whether he caught me looking at him.
Then the seductive fragrance of freshly ground coffee reaches me as I near the entry, and the world seems to tilt. My nose twitches like a hamster having a seizure, and I’m lost.
I’ll be the first to admit I’m a coffee slut. It’s like catnip, and I’m unshameable. But there are worse things, as I know. Still, I feel a pang of guilt about giving up my spot to indulge my habit, and it’s with conflicted emotions that I reach out for the handle, wondering what the hell I’m doing letting a rival for my little patch of safety take me to P&C.
 
Chapter 2
I push the door open and sense Derek behind me. We approach the counter and stop, taking in the huge blackboard, upon which are scrawled dozens of options in colored chalk. He stands next to me and considers the menu, a dizzying array of blends from around the world, with exotic names like Sudanese Symphony and Guatemalan Revolution, and leans toward me.
“They have coffee too, right?”
“I’m pretty sure they keep it in the back.”
“Or under the counter. Do these prices include a new car?”
“Relax. A large drip’s two-fifty.” I eye him. “Can you handle that?”
A spark of pride flashes in his eyes. “Of course.” He hesitates. “Do they take American Express?”
“You do have money, right?”
“I’m kidding. Knock yourself out. Large drips. Two of ’em,” he says.
I order, and the woman behind the counter waits expectantly. Derek fishes out a fistful of coins and counts out five dollars in quarters and dimes, leaving his pockets considerably lighter.
We get our environmentally friendly recycled cardboard cups, and he gestures to a weathered sofa in a dark corner of the café. The place is half empty now that the shops are open, everyone loaded up on caffeine and ready for another long day of retail servitude, so we have that area to ourselves. We set our guitars and bags down and sit on either end of the couch. I take a cautious sip and make a face. “Crap. I’ll be right back. Needs cream and sugar.”
I load it up with everything at the condiment station – powdered chocolate and cinnamon, nutmeg, six sugars, and enough creamer to whitewash a small house. Another thing you learn quickly on the street is to take your calories where you can get them, because your next meal’s never a sure thing. By the time I make it back to where Derek is looking at yesterday’s paper on the side table, I figure mine has enough oomph to keep a sumo wrestler going for days.
I sit back down and take an approving slurp, and Derek holds out his cup in a toast. I raise an eyebrow and tap my cup against his and sit back, waiting for him to fire the first salvo.
When it comes, it’s not what I expect.
“You’ve got an amazing voice,” he says.
I give him a sidelong glance. “Thanks. Yours isn’t bad, either,” I concede.
“How’s business?”
“I get by.” Which is true. What I don’t say is ‘barely,’ or that some nights I cry myself to sleep on an empty stomach, wondering how I’m going to make it. I also don’t bore him with details about how my biggest fear besides being raped or murdered is the rain – when it’s wet out the sidewalks are empty, so unless you’ve managed to squirrel away some cash, you’re screwed.
“Not really a get-rich-quick scheme, is it?” he says with a wry grin. Truer words were never spoken. One step above panhandling, it’s a tough gig at best. “How long have you been at it?”
“A while.”
He eyes me, sensing the defensiveness. “Now that I’ve blown my life savings on coffee, are you going to tell me your name?”
I don’t let him see the internal debate that’s raging behind my calm expression. I don’t want to be friends with this guy. I want him to clear out of my area. His gaze is equally calm, no trace of animosity or challenge in it, and I make a snap decision. WTF. How will it hurt me to tell him my name?
“It’s Sage.”
“Sage,” he repeats, and I like the way he says it. Like it’s important. Like I just told him my PIN number or something. He says it again, a trace of that gorgeous smile flitting across his face. “Sage.”
I remember being about eight years old, at a fair, on one of those whirlybird rides where you strap in and the teacup or whatever spins and then goes vertical. When he says my name, that’s the closest feeling to what I’m experiencing. That, and my heart seems to have chosen this moment to skip every other beat.
“Don’t wear it out,” I say with cold indifference. At some point, as my pulse pounds in my ears, I’ve managed to remember I’m a tough street chick, not some frigging B-movie heroine in a melodrama. I’ve got moves, and enough attitude for days, and if I’ve momentarily lost my mind, because of my hormones or whatever playing tricks on me, he’s not going to see it. My attitude should be focused on letting him know what I’m all about, which in this case is protecting my interests like a mama bear with a hurt cub.
“No, it’s just that it’s a great name. Different.”
He sounds genuine, not like he’s trying to blow smoke up my dress (not that I’m wearing one). I know his kind – the sly charmers. I’ve bitch-slapped more of them down since being on my own than a Kardashian on a Vegas weekend.
What’s his angle? Stop staring at him like you lost your puppy and think, girl! What does he want? Because they always want something.
“Listen, Derek. Thanks for the coffee, but we need to get something straight. You said you need to make some money. Guess what? Me too. And you playing on the same block I am is kind of like putting two Starbucks next to each other. Bad for business all around.”
He nods as he sips his brew appreciatively. Agreeing, as far as I can tell. “How much do you make on a good day?”
My eyes narrow. “None of your business.” Then whatever chemical imbalance has afflicted me takes over again. “Why?” I silently curse myself even as the word trips out of my mouth. Maybe I’ve got a tumor? Because I’ve never felt like this before, and this isn’t my first day on my own, yet I’m giving him more rope.
I try to tell myself that I’m coaxing him into revealing his evil plan, playing out line to lure him in, but the part of me that hasn’t been imagining Derek with his shirt off – maybe washing a classic car with a lot of suds and a big sponge – isn’t convinced.
“I drag in twenty on a bad day, fifty on a good one,” he offers.
Crap. Which is exactly what I’m afraid of. Not afraid, really, but what I suspected. My best day I made thirty-two bucks, and I still remember it like I’d won the lottery on my birthday.
“Great. So you don’t need my block. You’re doing fine wherever you were.” Actually, I’m thinking maybe I should follow him and find out where he’s been pulling down that kind of cash. And then break his fingers. Or his guitar. Or both.
“See, Sage, that’s the thing,” he says with that crooked grin, and my stomach flip-flops like a beached fish. “I’ve got to find a new spot, because the cops ran me off the last one, down in the financial district. Dicks. This one doofus in particular’s made it his life’s mission to ruin my day.”
I take a long swig of my coffee, enjoying how it’s warming me, and debate possible responses. I decide to show him some steel instead of rolling over on my back and wagging my tail. I set my cup down on the coffee table and give him my best ‘I couldn’t care less’ shrug.
“Life’s a bitch, and then you die. You still can’t share my block.”
He’s spending altogether too much time staring at my chest, which confirms that I was right about what he wants. I’m about to say something when he leans forward. Oh, brother. Here it comes. Will it be, “Your eyes are like glittering diamonds,” or maybe, “Let’s settle this by wrestling”? Whatever it is, even though my body’s betraying me, I still have some say in the matter, and I’ll be damned if I’m going to play along any longer. I’ll shut him down so fast he’ll think a piano landed on him. Because I know that look.
“Is that a harmonica?” he asks.
Color flushes my pallid cheeks, and I feel like a total ass clown. He’s not imagining whipped cream all over my boobs – he’s looking at the tip of my mouth harp glinting out of a corner of my pocket. When I answer I sound like I gargled live ants, and I have to clear my throat.
“Yeah.” Very impressive, Sage. You’re making big points. He’s probably terrified by your intellect and resolve now, will hand you the dollar he made and apologize for choosing the wrong block, and the whole thing will be settled.
“You any good with it?” He doesn’t seem to notice my sudden restlessness. My eyes stray to his mouth, and I can’t help but note that his lips are generously proportioned. Lush, even. I get a mental snapshot of him in a magazine ad wearing nothing but underwear, black and white, wind tousling his unruly hair, pouting…and I knock my coffee over when I reach for it.
“Shit,” I exclaim, watching a buck thirty-five’s worth of Ethiopian Curse soak the sports pages and a couple of sections of a month-old Auto Trader. I lean forward to do damage control and try to ignore the harsh stares from the two baristas working the counter.
I stand, sensing every eye in the place follow my march of defeat to the counter, and accept a handful of paper towels, feeling about an inch tall. When I make it back, Derek’s sopped up the worst of the mess with the papers. I do some token cleanup, and we move to the trash at the same time. I’m again keenly aware of how tall he is and how good he smells.
I should probably mention that living on the street, hygiene’s problematic at best. So the fact that he smells not only clean, but too damned good for words, is totally surprising. I manage a shower every other day or so, sometimes at Todd’s, sometimes at my friend Melody’s when her mom isn’t home, but I’m an exception. I can practically taste the Irish Spring freshness when he brushes my arm, sending an electric current through my body, which is now in full-blown revolt against my attempts to rein it in.
“Damn. Sorry about that,” I say. I could crawl under the couch now, I’m so mortified.
“It happens,” he allows graciously as we return to the sofa. “Tell you what, if I dig into my retirement fund, I can probably afford one more. Will you accept it as a peace offering?”
I look into his emerald eyes, searching for any indication of trickery, but there is none. Only a look of amusement that infuriates me, for some reason. I wonder if he’s wearing colored contacts. Nobody’s eyes can be that vivid a green.
“I don’t need a peace offering. I need you to agree to find someplace else to take your act.”
“So that’s a yes?”
I wonder whether he can hear my teeth grind. “Whatever,” I say. Another brilliant rejoinder. Maybe the tumor’s pulsing or something, pressing on a vital area of my brain, and I’ll black out soon and be spared any further humiliation.
Derek approaches the counter, and even as I seethe, I notice that he’s got the fluid stride of a jungle cat. The vision of him shirtless springs to mind again, and I take a deep breath. When he comes back, I’m going to drink my coffee, make him agree to bug off, and that will be the last I see of him.
He reaches into his other pocket and fishes out a fairly thick wad of bills, peels one off, and pays for the drink. I frown. He’s got money – so what was the whole nickels and dimes to pay for coffee about? My guard instantly goes back up. I don’t know what game he’s playing, but it’s over as of now. I’ve already wasted valuable earning minutes.
Spilling coffee all over everything. But that’s not the point.
He looks over from the counter and moves to the creamer station. I’m about to join him when he shakes his head as he tears the tops off six sugars and dumps them into the cup, along with the last of the cream and a generous helping of everything on the bar. When he returns and offers it to me, I reluctantly accept it and taste it.
“How’d I do?” he asks, standing uncomfortably close. Okay, maybe not that uncomfortably.
“I’ve tasted worse.” It actually tastes like ambrosia. Something about the ratio of nutmeg to vanilla, maybe. Better than when I made it. I realize he must have been paying close attention when I’d done so, which sends an involuntary thrill up my spine.
“Good.” He sits next to me and fixes me with a stare that makes me feel completely vulnerable. I raise the cup carefully to my lips again and take another long sip. “Since you accepted my peace offering, hear me out. I have a proposition,” he says.
“I’ll bet you do.” The words are out of my mouth before I can stop them.
He actually laughs, and his whole face lights up. “Hey, relax, would you? I mean a business proposal.” Something about how absurd he obviously thinks making a pass at me would be burns in my gut like a hot ember, but I don’t trust myself to croak out another stupidity, so I nod and slurp my coffee, waiting to hear what he has in mind.
He runs a hand through his thick hair and squares his shoulders, and I realize he might be a little nervous, too, even though he seems to exude confidence with every gesture and word. “Okay. This is just an idea. If we’re both making around the same money, have you ever thought about trying it with another voice and seeing how that works?”
I think about it, but not that hard, because he totally took me by surprise again, which makes one too many times in a short period. Nobody catches me off balance, and this guy seems to do it effortlessly.
I purse my lips. “I can tell you how it’ll work. Half the money I’d make on my own.”
“How do you know?” he asks, his voice soft.
“It’s simple math. Same number of prospects, two musicians. Divide by that number. I don’t need a calculator.”
“Maybe, but your math is based on an assumption. That we wouldn’t make more as a dynamic duo than we would as solo acts.”
“Right. It’s a safe assumption.”
“Not necessarily. At least, that’s not how it worked out last time I tried it.”
“Last time?” Crap. He’s sucked me in again. Stop. It. Now. No more questions! Shut him down and get it over with.
“Yeah, back home I had a partner in crime. We actually made a lot more money than we ever did on our own.”
“Back home?”
“Yeah. Seattle.”
“Really?” Derek’s a long way from Washington. “Why didn’t you stay there, if you were making bank?”
He laughs again. “I wouldn’t say making bank. But I did okay.” He drinks the last of his coffee and sets the empty cup down on the arm of the sofa. “It rains nonstop in Seattle. I decided to head south. One street’s the same as the other after a while.”
“It rains here, too.”
“Not in the summer.”
“Summer won’t last forever,” I say, voicing my inner fear. My tone must have cut a little too close to the surface, because his gaze softens as he nods.
“True. But it’s here now, so might as well make the most of it, right? Besides, I’m not planning on being around much longer. Maybe a week. So this would just be a short period.”
“Where are you going?”
He ignores my question and rises, carries his cup to the trash, and pitches it in like a basketball player. When he returns I’ve made up my mind, but I still have a question.
“You’re carrying around a lot of money,” I try, framing it as a statement.
“Oh, that? Yeah. That’s my savings. It’s not that much, and it’s got to last me a while. I try not to spend any of it, but this seemed worth it,” he says with disarming frankness.
I feel like a complete loser. He’s made enough to save. Mine’s gone as soon as it hits my guitar case. I’ll freely admit I’m lousy with money. Budgeting isn’t one of my strong points.
“You didn’t have to buy me another coffee, Derek,” I start, but his smile stops me. “What?”
He shakes his head. “Nothing.”
“Really. What is it? What did I do?”
“I like the way you say my name. That’s all.” Bam. Right cross to the jaw. With a hell of a follow-through. “How about giving it a try for a few hours, until lunchtime, and seeing how we do? If I’m wrong, I’ll make up the difference. What do you make by one on a weekday?”
Damn him straight to hell for being so reasonable sounding. He could probably sell toasters to penguins.
I calculate quickly. On a good day, maybe five dollars. Most of my money will come in the afternoon, maybe another whopping ten or fifteen bucks before it gets dark. “Usually? At least ten.”
He nods. “That sounds about right. So let’s give it a whirl till one, and if we don’t have twenty bucks to split, we’ll call it a day and the difference is on me. If we have at least that much, or more, then it is in our best interests to forge an accord,” he says, his voice overly formal.
I can’t help but smile. He’s kind of a goofball, for all his model looks and snake-oil-salesman charm. He’s actually not as confident as he pretends, I can see now. Which makes me feel better and at the same time…is endearing.
I give him my black-belt ninja-level eye roll, which has the power to destroy worlds. It has no effect. Damn him again for his superpowers. I’ll have to try something else.
He interprets my silence as an opportunity to keep pitching the idea. “You’ve got nothing to lose. It’s risk-free.”
A thought occurs to me. “What happened to your last partner?”
His face grows serious. “I had to kill him and eat him. It was a long winter.”
“He?”
“Don’t look at me like that. He was actually quite tender after a couple of days. The secret’s in the marinade.”
I find myself laughing against my will, and he joins me, the dimples back in full force. I so want to say no, just to do it, but I’m also thinking it couldn’t hurt to give it a try. If he’s right, it might be the first Monday ever that I clear more than twenty bucks.
“Seriously. What happened?”
His expression darkens for a nanosecond, and then he brightens again. “He didn’t make it south. Stayed in the old country.” He watches me expectantly. “So how about it?”
“You have the cash to cover any shortfall?”
“I’m toting fat stacks. That’s how I roll.” He throws a hand sign that looks like he’s trying to make a shadow bunny. I giggle and then stop myself. I’m having too much fun, and Derek’s the enemy. Or at least, an adversary.
Isn’t he?
I nod and stand, avoiding spilling this time, and drain my coffee. “What if I say no?”
“Then we’re going to be duking it out on the same block.”
“And if I say yes, you’ll leave if it doesn’t work? No bullshit?”
He held his hand over his heart. “Promise. You’ll never hear my voice again.”
The thought gives me conflicting emotions, but I’m not going to let on. Right now I’m not sure what I’m feeling. I need time to sort it out. So that’s what I tell him.
“I want the day to think about it.” I realize as I say the last word that I really want to say yes now, but I don’t want to come off as easy.
“The whole day?”
“Yup.”
“Will you at least promise to give it a try tomorrow morning?”
“No. But I’ll think about it.”
He looks unhappy, but surprises me by nodding. “Okay. I’ll try to find another spot for now, and I’ll see you tomorrow.”
I keep my expression impassive, but I feel let down that he didn’t give it at least one more try. I would have said yes. Or at least, I might have.
He hefts his bag, slides the strap handles over one shoulder, and lifts his guitar with the other. I’m not as fast, and he waits for me, and then we walk to the door together. He opens it and steps onto the sidewalk, nearly clobbering an Asian woman pushing a cart. He apologizes and earns an angry glare for his trouble.
We stand facing each other for an uncomfortable moment, and then I shrug again.
“All right. Later.”
“Tomorrow, Sage. I’ll see you tomorrow.” He sounds like he knows the answer will be yes. We both do, but I give nothing away, especially not the tingle of pleasure hearing him say my name creates in my core.
“We’ll see, Derek. We’ll see.”
 
Chapter 3
I finish my day at 4:45 with sixteen dollars, which blows goats, but is enough to buy dinner and do some laundry. I pack up my stuff and head off to Melody’s. Her mom doesn’t get home until almost six, so we’ll have an hour to talk, which after a whole day spent thinking through Derek’s offer, I really need.
I met Melody the first week I came to the city, after spending nearly the last of my meager savings on bus fare from Santa Rosa. I’d made friends with another street musician named Perry, who worked what was now my spot, and he took a shine to me, which I admit I exploited. He was a big weed smoker, high from morning until night, and had decided to head to Los Angeles and try his luck, having run into some trouble locally he didn’t want to talk about. He offered me his block in exchange for twenty bucks, which I agreed to, even though it cleaned me out.
“You’ll make it back by tomorrow, sweet thang,” he said as he took my last two ten-dollar bills. Perry sounded like one of those seventies blacksploitation movie characters, Shaft or whatever, only he was always bobbing in time to music only he heard. He was a great singer but, like many of the folks in the Haight, liked his drugs and booze a little too much and had obviously never gotten it together.
Perry was thirty-four and looked like he was pushing fifty.
I still remember that night. We talked until the sun was coming up, at which point he offered his final thoughts as he left for the bus station.
“Be at your spot every day, no matter what, before the stores open, and don’t take no shit from no one. That’s yours now, baby girl, and you fight for what you got, you hear?”
Now, as I trudged the last few blocks to Melody’s, I felt like a big fat loser. The first real challenge to my supremacy, and I’d folded like a house of cards. Okay, maybe not that bad, but in my mind I should have stared Mr. Derek Smooth-as-shit down and run him off, hands on my hips like Wonder Woman as I scorched him with my glower of fury.
Melody and I had met the first day I started playing in my new spot. She’d been on her way home from school in the early afternoon, a latchkey kid, and had stopped to listen to a song, which had turned into ten. She’d given me five bucks, which I was like, ‘score,’ and we spent an hour talking. We’re both seventeen, and polar opposites. I’ve always been slender and pale, my natural hair color a medium brown, and she’s tall and curvy, with cinnamon skin from her mother’s Colombian side.
Stopping by to listen to me squawk became a habit with Melody for several weeks, but now with school out, she hangs around the house during the day. Her mom works in an office downtown and takes a bus to and from work, and Melody sneaks me into their postage-stamp two-bedroom apartment on the edge of the Haight whenever possible so I can ‘freshen up,’ as she puts it.
Melody’s my best friend in the world now that my old life is flushed. Just as well. I hated school, was bored out of my gourd with it – I already knew everything they were trying to teach me because I’d been reading ever since I was old enough to walk, and hadn’t made any friends to speak of. More like a few loners that grouped together with a common cause: misery loving company, and completely failing to be good citizens in academic society.
I pull my cheapo burner cell out of my back pocket and text her to let her know I’m coming by, and within a minute get her response: Swicked. I’m sooo bored. Got chocolate?
I text back: I can pick up PBC, but it might break the bank.
And she: Sweet. I’ve got $.
I stop at the corner market and buy two Reese’s Peanut Butter Cups while the owner watches me like I’m trying to scoop his store into my guitar case. It’s annoying, but I’m used to it. When you’re homeless, you get ‘the look’ all the time. The look that says, “What’s wrong with you? Why don’t you fit in? Why did you choose this for yourself, you loser?”
I know too well that sometimes the only choice is between bad ones. I try not to let it get me down, but sometimes I just want to scream at people, to shake them up, make them see their all-the-food-and-drink-and-entertainment-you-want-24/7-in-climate–controlled-comfort life is an illusion. The truth is many of them are only a few steps from having nothing. Some of us just got pushed off those steps.
I approach Melody’s building and stab at the intercom, shaking off the pity party I’ve been throwing for myself. No point to it. So I had a meh day. It wasn’t completely sucky. Which is what I want to talk to her about.
The lock buzzes like an angry wasp. I climb the stairs to her second-floor flat, and she’s standing at the door, wearing running shorts and a Penn State sweatshirt she filched from one of her past boyfriends.
“Yo, sistah, welcome to the Pleasure Dome. You got candy?” she asks, her smile wide and inviting.
I toss her one of the two packages, and she eyes me. Melody has the ability to see into my soul. Or at least it seems that way sometimes.
“Rough day at the office?” she asks.
“You could say that. I think I’m putting in new lows,” I say as I brush past her and put Yam and my backpack down in the hall.
“You eat anything today? You’re too skinny, girl,” Melody says, the topic a constant in our banter.
“I had coffee. I wasn’t hungry,” I lie. I’m already salivating at the thought of the candy in the paper bag Mr. Korean Hospitality gave me when I’d surprised him by paying.
Melody’s eyes narrow as she studies my face. “What’s up, Sage?” she asks, the playfulness out of her voice.
“I’ll tell you all about it after I take a shower, okay?”
“Fine. But first the ritual scarfing of the treats.”
I nod. I sit at her tiny dining room table with its chipped Formica top and its flea market chairs, and she goes to the fridge and pours two glasses of milk. When she returns, her expression is sunny again. Melody’s incapable of taking anything seriously, which is one of the things I love about her. It’s a good balance to my intensity, which can get dark sometimes.
We solemnly open our wrappers and munch on the candy. It tastes like a small slice of heaven to me, and I realize how starved I am. My stomach’s been in knots since the confrontation with Derek. The anxiety got me through the afternoon, but the calories are like an energy transfusion, and I have to remind myself to chew.
I’m done in seconds and gulp my milk like it contains the antidote. Melody watches me like a mother hen. Even though we’re only a month apart, and I’ve got a ton more life experience from the street, she has this parenting thing that’s both annoying and reassuring. I’ve met her mom, who didn’t like me – who wants their kid hanging with one of those people? – and she had that same thing, only really overbearing.
I stand up. “I’ll be back in ten. How long till Mom’s due?”
Melody glances at her watch. “You got forty-five minutes.”
“Cool. I need to tell you what happened today.”
“I’ll be right here.”
The needles of hot water never felt better, and I let myself luxuriate under the stream for longer than I should before I rinse the shampoo out of my hair and step dripping from the shower. Melody’s thoughtfully put a thick towel on the rack for me, and I dry myself, inspecting my reflection in the full-length mirror as I blot moisture from my legs. I don’t think I’m that skinny – I’ve always had a slim figure, what one wannabe boyfriend called a swimmer’s body. I glance at the tattoo on my shoulder I got as a sophomore in high school, a stylized sun with a yin/yang symbol incorporated into it, and then wipe water from the two lines of script I had inked on the side of my ribcage by a guy who worked in a tat shop. He was totally hitting on me my third week on the street, and did it for next to nothing. It’s still there, and I haven’t seen him since.
I’ve sung the words from my favorite song a thousand times since going out on my own, but they still resonate more than any others I’ve heard – Janis knew what she was talking about when she sang about freedom being another word for nothing to lose.
Truest words on the planet. And fitting, given my predicament.
I sniff my top before putting it on and cringe. Definitely time to hit the Laundromat. I pull my last clean shirt from my backpack, a ridiculously old-school black T-shirt with the words Sock It To Me emblazoned on the front, and slip it on. Clean panties follow, and then a pair of sweat pants Melody loaned me a month ago. “Take them,” she’d urged. “I haven’t been able to fit into them since I was twelve.”
When I make it back out to the living room, Melody’s parked in front of the tube, watching a reality show where contestants compete for a fashion design deal. I sit down next to her, my ebony hair still gleaming from the shower, and she mutes the sound, eyes still glued to the screen as she offers me an open bag of Ruffles. I take a handful, and we chomp on them in silence, and then she turns to me.
“So? What’s up?”
“I had a shit day. I just couldn’t do it anymore today, so I took off early.”
“Some days are like that. It’ll be better tomorrow. How bad was it?”
“Twenty and change.”
“Ouch.”
“I know.”
She eyes me. “Anything else?”
“Yeah. Some dude showed up and tried to snake my spot on the street.”
“No way! How? What did you do?”
“He set up down the block. Also a guitar player. He’s total trouble.”
Melody cocks her head. “You gave him the boot, right?”
“Kind of.”
“What does that mean?”
I tell her about the coffee and the offer. Something in my tone tips her off, and her eyes widen. “How old is he?”
“I don’t know. About my age, I think.”
“Derek, huh? What’s he look like?”
I debate how to describe him. ‘Total babe’ doesn’t really cut it. I do my best. When I’m done, she’s grinning.
“Wait, so I’m sitting around watching reruns, and you’ve got some man candy buying you drinks?”
“It was coffee.”
“That’s where it starts. Next thing you’re pregnant.”
“Yes, Mom.”
“Seriously. What’s his story?”
“Well, he’s from Seattle.”
“And?”
“And he’s on the street, too. Seems like he has been for a while.”
“What’s a while?”
“I don’t know. Years?”
“Huh. What else?”
“He’s got Elvis tattooed on his arm. Retro.”
She regards me for a long beat. “Is he totally hot? Are you leaving that part out?”
I shrug, but I can feel myself blushing. “He’s okay.”
“You little slut. I can’t believe you. I’m here locked in my ivory tower, and you’re playing spank me at the stud farm.”
“It’s not like that. He’s kinda cute, I suppose, but he’s also competition.”
Melody won’t be denied now that she’s got the bit between her teeth. “You suppose? Scale of one to ten, how cute?”
I’m starting to get flustered. I should have known she’d home in on Derek. I have no reason to feel suddenly protective of him, but I do. “I don’t know. Probably an eight. Or a nine.”
“Oh. My. God. Listen to you. Were you twerking him by the point he bought you a latte?”
I stand up, feeling claustrophobic. “Mel, come on. This is me we’re talking about.”
“Dude, I’d be so all over that in a heartbeat.” She would, too. Mel likes boys. She’s like the anti-Sage. Not that I don’t like the male of the species; I just haven’t met any I felt that way about. Mel, on the other hand, feels that way about three times a week. Sometimes more.
“Well, I’m thinking a little more practically than that.” I don’t tell her about the shirtless fantasy. She’s staring at me with the X-ray eyes, and I don’t need to.
“You totally have the hots for him, don’t you?”
“Melody, come on,” I say, not very convincing even to my ear.
“You don’t want him, bring him on over to Mama. I’ll give him some a that Latina somethin’ somethin’. Baby got back!” she says, and now she’s standing too, doing a bump and grind that would shame most pro strippers.
“Can you hold off for a minute? I have a real problem here.”
She gives me a disgusted pout and plops back down. “Fine. Make it all about you.” She pauses and gets serious. “What are you going to do?”
“I don’t know. I mean, he made it sound like a no-lose situation to try it for half a day.”
“But…?”
“But I’ve never done it with someone else.”
Melody rolls her eyes. “Are we back on your nonexistent sex life? What happened to your problem?”
“You know what I mean. Singing. I’ve never done a duet.”
She shrugs. “So what’s the big deal? You sing. He sings. You do harmonies or whatever. People either like it or they don’t. What’s the big deal?”
Crap. She sounds like Derek now. I realize I’ve been working myself up to find the courage to tell him no tomorrow, and I wonder why I’m so averse to giving it a try. In theory, it isn’t a huge leap. It’s just that when he’s right there, in the flesh, theory goes out the window.
“It’s just…I mean, it’s distracting. He’s distracting.”
Her eyes narrow to slits. “Girl, you have got it bad for him, don’t you? Get it over with and ride him round the block.”
“That’s exactly the kind of advice I was hoping for. Bang my brains out with the runaway I just met.”
She looks distracted. “Maybe I should change my dating pool. I should come by tomorrow and see what this guy looks like. From your reaction, he’s like Walking Dead hot.”
Melody’s got this thing for Norman Reedus. The age difference doesn’t seem to matter to her. For a moment I struggle for the right words – Derek has some of that same quality, and I don’t want Melody making a complicated situation worse.
But why is it complicated? I mean, he just wants to make some money, right?
“So what should I do?” I ask.
“Get him drunk and show him how we do it in the big city.”
“Melody…”
“Or try singing with him for the day and see how it goes.”
“For the record, Seattle’s a big city too.”
“Did you ask him where he’s staying?”
“No.”
“What’s his story?”
“I don’t know,” I confess.
“Wait. So this hot mystery guy just shows up in your life, wants to get it on with you, and you don’t ask like all the important questions?”
“He doesn’t want to get it on with me,” I say, sounding defensive as I sit back down. “I mean, I don’t think so.” I tell her about the harmonica and me spilling coffee.
“Oh, he totally has the hots for you. The old harmonica trick. Rowr.” She waggles her tongue, which is pierced, and manages to make it so lascivious I can’t help but crack up. We both explode into giggles, and she pushes herself toward me. “Ahhhlahhhlahhha,” she gurgles, thrusting her tongue around like a frenzied anteater. That makes us both howl even more, and by the time we’ve calmed down I’ve got tears streaming down my cheeks.
“That’s it. No more sugar for you. You’re cut off,” I say as Melody’s fighting for breath.
“Ahhhlahhhlahhhhaaaaahhhh!”
It’s just so frigging funny. I almost pee my pants, and now I’m gasping, too. It feels good to laugh this much, and I realize I haven’t been doing a lot of laughing lately.
We manage to calm down eventually, and she shrugs. “I say go for it. See what happens. Ride that wild wind, baby. It’s not like your picking names for the twins.” A pause. “Unless he’s so distracting you can’t keep your hands off him.”
“It’s not like that.”
Melody’s face could be cut from stone. “Of course it isn’t.”
“Really.”
“Uh-huh.”
I reach out and pull her arm toward me and look at her watch. “Your mom’s going to be home any second.”
We both leap off the couch, and I hurry to the door. I gather my stuff, and Melody hugs me.
“You look way better in those sweats than I ever did. Even if your ass is too skinny.”
“Thanks for letting me borrow them.”
“Just don’t let Derek see you in those, or you’ll be in real trouble.”
“Thanks, Mel.”
When we get to the door, she stares into my eyes as if searching for something. “So what are you going to do?”
I sigh. “I have absolutely no idea.”
 
Chapter 4
After splurging on two slices of pizza, I spend my evening washing my clothes at the most run-down Laundromat in history, a ritual I perform every ten days or so. I travel light, mainly because I don’t have much, but also because if you seem to have too much, you’re a target for other street people, who will gladly steal your shit without a second’s hesitation. It’s one of the constant problems I face, especially with Yam. Even as beat up as it is, it’s probably worth a hundred bucks at least, which is a fortune on the street.
Nighttime can be pretty scary. I’ve got a routine, a few different places where I can sleep for a few hours before I move on. I’m constantly on the lookout for threats, and by now it’s second nature – other homeless, gangs, rapists, derelicts, police.
There are a couple of places in Golden Gate Park and the panhandle green that are secluded and where I haven’t had any problems, but I never stay in the same place for long, because then I’m predictable, and I don’t want to be. I usually try to stay up till one in the morning, then crash for an hour or two, then move again. It’s a routine that can wear you down, but I’ve never needed that much sleep, and I’m used to it by now.
My last two hours of slumber take place after dawn, at a bus stop where there’s a bench I can dominate. I’ve gotten so accustomed to sleeping sitting up, leaning against my guitar case so nobody can lift it while I’m out, that there’s a permanent indentation in it from my shoulder and head.
When I come to, I begin my trudge to my spot and stop at a bagel shop for a large coffee and a blueberry bagel – I’ve still got six dollars and change left over from last night, so I’m feeling flush. That quickly dwindles to two, and after devouring my breakfast, I count out the change and part with half for a refill, leaving me a buck and pennies.
It dawns on me for the millionth time that there’s not much of a future in my lifestyle, but I don’t see any way out. I won’t do what so many girls I’ve met have done to support themselves – there are some lines I won’t cross. Then again, so many of them have drug habits it’s not surprising they’re turning tricks. Even with the drop in the price of heroin and crack over the last five years, it can easily run a hundred or more per day to get by, and there aren’t a lot of options for underage runaways trying to disappear.
I’m lucky I at least have a skill to fall back on. Not that it’s a particularly profitable one. But it beats the alternatives.
I’m still pissed because two weeks ago the collapsible stool I found at the flea market got stolen while I was sleeping. It made a big difference for my act, but I don’t have another forty dollars to squander, so I’ve made do with the blanket. It softens the sidewalk somewhat, but I still think back to the giddy days of my stool with regret and fond memories.
I turn the corner onto Haight Street and make my way to my spot and almost trip over my own feet when I see Derek already there, leaning against the wall with one foot against the brick façade, his guitar strapped on, his rucksack on the sidewalk by his open case. He sees me and beams a megawatt smile. My breath catches in my throat, and for a second I can’t breathe. My heart rate accelerates by about twenty beats per minute, and my leg muscles feel watery.
I’m glad I’m far enough away that he can’t see the effect he’s having on me, and I do my best to ignore how damned fine he looks. I had just about convinced myself that I was exaggerating his hotness in my mind, but this morning, if anything, he looks better than yesterday, which was a tough act to follow.
When I draw alongside him, he stops playing and winks at me. “Morning, Sage.”
“What do you think you’re doing?”
“Me? Keeping someone else from stealing your spot.”
At least he acknowledged that it’s my spot, not ours. That’s hopeful. I sigh as I set my guitar case down and retrieve my blanket from my backpack, holding my tongue until I spread it on the sidewalk. He watches me out of the corner of his eye, and I feel for a moment like he can see through my clothes – a not altogether unpleasant sensation, but not a helpful one if I’m going to keep things businesslike.
I look at his case. He’s already got two bucks in it. Damn him. It must be the female tippers, because I get nothing but spit before nine.
He clears his throat when he sees me eyeing the coins. “Don’t worry. We’ll split that.”
“Gee. Thanks.”
“Did you think about what I suggested?”
The moment of truth. I look up at him, at his hopeful face, and I know what I’m going to say. Still, when I do, I feel a sense of relief, a flood of anxiety washing away as the words tumble over each other.
“I did, and I’ll give it a whirl as long as you remember your promise.”
He crosses his heart with his pick hand. I haven’t seen someone do that in years. I notice his nails are clean and well trimmed, making me immediately self-conscious about my chipped black enamel job.
“You bet. Let’s talk about songs. You know many?”
I frown a little. “Are you kidding? I know ten hours’ worth. Maybe more. Hundreds. No, maybe thousands.” Only a little exaggeration, but I feel intimidated by his question as well as by how close he’s standing.
“Cool. It’ll take some practice to figure out who does what, but if we switch off on lead vocals, the other can take the harmonies, and it shouldn’t be too bad.”
I nod. Makes sense.
His gaze drifts to my eyes, and I feel that sensation of spinning on the carnival ride again. “I heard you sing. Nothing that comes out of that mouth could be bad,” he says and smiles again.
I flush. The blushing is uncontrollable, and I curse the German part of my heritage that blessed me with pale skin, the better to display my embarrassment when the blood rushes to my face.
“How long have you been here?” I ask, more to have something to say than out of genuine curiosity.
“I don’t know. Maybe a half hour?” He nods to a cup of coffee next to his rucksack. “I got you some brew. Just the way you like it. Should still be hot.”
Maybe this isn’t going to be so bad after all. I try not to notice that the early sun is creating a halo effect around his head. Or maybe that’s just the last of the sleep in my eyes.
I nod and move next to him. He smells freshly scrubbed. Again. I so want to ask him where he’s showering, but it seems kind of forward, considering I should be trying to crush him with the power of my will. Instead, I accept the coffee, which tastes better than good.
“So how do we do this?” I ask, always the sensible one. “How do you want to pick the songs?”
He rubs a hand across his face and considers the question. “It’s your gig. How about you pick ’em, and I’ll do my best to keep up?”
He’s not getting off that easily. “What about the guitars? We can’t just strum the same chords.”
“How about whoever is singing the lead plays the main riff, and whoever’s singing harmony noodles over it?”
If this is going to work, I need to stop being so defensive, I decide. I can boot his ass off the street at noon when we’re still broke. Until then, I’ll play along. Literally. I also realize that it’s kind of cool to have someone to talk to during what’s usually a pretty lonely stretch of time. Which I would never tell him.
“That should work.” I slurp my coffee. It’s still awesome.
Derek slides down the wall and sits Indian style, and I reluctantly join him. We tune up, and he looks at me expectantly. I throw a fairly obscure song at him.
“You know ‘Thirty Days in the Hole’?”
He cracks his crooked grin. “Lead on.”
I give him a starting note and, on my nod, start the chorus refrain a cappella. His voice matches mine, the harmony perfect, no guitars, and a thrill goes up my spine. I strum the chords that start the verse and sing it loud. When I get to the part about weak in the knees, I realize that perfectly describes how I feel.
We keep going well past the point where we should have stopped the song, jamming along. The final chorus extends for a good minute, his voice entwined with mine, both of us riffing in and out of the melody. By the time we finish, I realize something special happened. It was exciting and raw and powerful.
He holds my gaze for the last thirty seconds as we sing, locked on me with laser precision, and when we’re done, it feels like the world comes back into focus, like someone turned on the color after everything being all black and white.
A few bystanders clap, and one whistles. I look down. There’s a dollar thirty-five in the case more than when we started the song.
“Get a room, already,” a familiar voice says. I look up, and Melody’s there, studying Derek like a jeweler with a fine diamond.
“What are you doing here?” I stammer, genuinely surprised that she’s dragged herself out of bed.
“Aren’t you going to introduce me to your new partner?” she says, her voice totally fake and innocent.
Derek beams up at her and then looks to me with one raised eyebrow.
“Oh. Um, this is Derek. Derek, Melody,” I say, my eyes narrowing slightly.
Derek reaches out a hand to shake. “Nice to meet you,” he says, his voice smooth as velvet. I already hate how this is going.
“Mel,” she corrects, approaching and shaking, her hips doing her very best Shakira with every step.
Derek glances back at me. “That was pretty good for our first time.”
I don’t trust myself to speak. Melody has enough words for both of us.
“It was incredible. Really.” She eyes Derek like a snake eyes a mouse. “You’re very good.” She switches to me. “You too, Sage.”
I find my voice. “Thanks, Mel.” I look at Derek. “You know any Michelle Branch?”
He nods. “Sure. ‘All You Wanted’? ‘Are You Happy Now’? ‘Breathe’?”
I thought I’d stumped him. I only know “All You Wanted.” How many guys know three Michelle Branch songs?
I play the first notes, and he jumps in, leaning over and whispering in my ear like he’s telling me a secret. “You take the vocal on this again. Me trying to sing this with you next to me’s plain stupid.”
Melody retreats to the parking meter she was leaning against, and we start in. A couple of quarters land in the case as I give it my all. So far, we’re cleaning up.
The morning wears on, and after a few rough patches, we’re sounding pretty good. My assessment of Derek’s ability the prior day was conservative. He can play a guitar like nobody’s business, and when he opens his mouth, it’s magic.
When we decide to give it a rest after the lunch rush, it’s 1:45, later than I’d mentally decided the cutoff for our experiment would go. Melody wandered off after half an hour, when Derek didn’t follow her every move with his tongue hanging out.
He counts the money while I wipe down Yam, enjoying the sun’s warm afternoon glow on my face.
He turns to me with a disappointed look. My heart stops.
“Well?” I ask.
“Only thirty-six bucks.” His delivery’s like a judge sentencing me to life in prison.
I shake my head, sure I’ve heard wrong. “What?”
“Eighteen dollars apiece, counting this morning’s take. A little more than your usual ten, right?”
I try to keep my mouth from hanging open. “Yeah. I guess. You sure about that?”
He hands me a fistful of coins and a few one-dollar bills. “I can recount it, but I usually get it right the first time.”
I do a quick mental calculation, trying to ignore his look of triumph. Most of the real money will be made in the next four hours. If we’ve gotten this much already…we could end the day with fifty or so dollars apiece. A fortune by my standards and a personal best.
“Maybe we got lucky,” I say, for lack of anything better.
He nods. “Maybe we did. You want to grab a bite while I mind the store, and we’ll see if we can keep the streak going?”
I stand and crack my neck. It’s stiff from sitting with the guitar for hours. “What do you want?”
He smiles, and part of my heart shifts. I swear I can feel it move in my chest. “I’ll eat anything.” He looks me dead in the eyes, and I glance away after an uncomfortable second. Uncomfortable in a good way, but still.
“Be right back.”
As much as I hate to admit it, we sound really good together. Better than good. I can see why anyone who stopped and listened would cough up a few pennies. With one voice, one instrument, it’s limited. With two, it’s lush and full and playful and exciting. It’s everything I could hope for, with cream on top.
As I round the corner to the burrito place I figure I can splurge for, I wonder at how connected our harmonies are, almost effortlessly so. It’s like Derek knows what I’m going to do next, where I’m going to take the note, even when it’s a detour from the melody.
I look down at my faded Chucks, and a part of me questions whether this kind of thing happens all the time. Because it’s never happened to me before. And in spite of all my doubts, I have no question that by the end of the day, I’ll have a new partner.
 
Chapter 5
It’s getting dark at 6:45, and we decide to call it a day. Derek counts the coins and bills while I pack up my gear, and when he’s done tallying, he’s got a smug expression.
“Hundred and eight dollars and forty-six cents.”
“What kind of person tosses a penny into the case? That must have been one of your fans,” I say, but I’m smiling in spite of myself. I’m rich!
“Probably someone that just threw all their loose change in.”
He ferrets in his rucksack and takes out two plastic Ziploc bags. When he fills them with coins and hands me mine, it’s heavy. I heft it.
“What is that, five pounds?”
“About that. I can give you some more bills if you can’t carry it,” Derek offers, a hint of amusement in his tone.
“Don’t go out of your way. I’ll figure it out one way or another.” After spending almost ten hours with him, the nervousness I felt when I first saw him this morning has passed. Although I still sneak a peek at his profile when he’s not looking, trying to find a flaw. The broken nose fits perfectly, and instead of marring his face, gives it a little air of danger. I want to ask him what happened, but I don’t. I actually want to ask him a million questions, but don’t want to seem too eager or give him the impression I’m interested in him or anything. My life’s complicated enough without that.
All day long there were women who stopped and listened, and not many of them spent any time looking at me. It’s obvious that Derek’s got some sizzle, and after about the fiftieth one eyeing him with flirtatious glances, I didn’t even notice that much. At first I felt an unreasonable surge of annoyance, but then it was almost comical. I’ve never seen that kind of mass attraction before, outside of the tamer version of high school football heroes and the airheads that chase them. But this is everything from older women to girls my age or younger.
I slide my coin bag into my backpack. Whatever it is, it’s working for us.
I stop at the thought. Us.
Is there now an us? I glance over at Derek, who’s changing the top strings on his guitar, having splurged on a set after I’d returned with our burritos. Today was awesome, but nothing lasts forever. And in my experience, good things come and go in a blink, whereas bad ones linger like fungus.
He seems to sense my mood. “Hey, so you have to admit, it worked pretty well.”
“Do I?” That came out wrong. I try again. “It did work well. I’m sorry. I’m just a little tired.”
He nods. “Where do you go when you’re done for the day?”
I hesitate. Now we’re crossing into personal territory. What do I really know about Derek? He could be some kind of serial killer, for all I know. I mean, unlikely, but my instinct is always to play it close to the chest with any information.
Because knowledge is power, and nobody’s going to get any power over me. Those days are over forever.
“Oh, you know. I’ll grab something to eat and hang out someplace for a while.” Can’t get much more vague than that, I think.
“What’s your favorite food?” he asks as he winds the final string on and turns the tuning key.
Seems harmless to tell him, so I do. “I love Italian.”
His face brightens. “Really? So do I. Might be because I’m part Italian. Yo, Vinnie,” he says, doing a passable Travolta imitation. At least I think it was Travolta. I’m not a big TV watcher, but I seem to remember it from growing up, my mom watching reruns all day long as she drank away her demons. “You want to grab something with me, Sage?”
Every time he says my name, I get the same electric shock of pleasure. I feel silly. I’m behaving like an adolescent with a first crush. Or feeling like one. Outwardly, I give no sign of the thrill his words bring. At least, I sure hope I don’t.
I stare at him for a few beats too long and then shrug. “Sure. Got any place special in mind?” I’m fat with coins, so I can spring for a real meal, as long as it’s a budget restaurant.
“For Italian? Oh, yeah. There’s a great place down in the Mission. They literally put awesome sauce all over the pasta. Mind-blowing food, and right now I could eat a horse.”
Maybe this isn’t a terrible idea. I can sneak in questions over dinner and find out more about him.
“The Mission?” I normally stick to the area around the Haight. It’s familiar, and I know the traps to avoid, especially as it gets later. Parts of the city can get really scary ugly at night, and the Mission is one of them, depending on the area. South of Market’s another. The Tenderloin’s another.
He senses my hesitation. “Don’t worry. I know the streets there pretty well. We’ll be okay.”
Part of me wants to believe him. In fact, part of me warms at the thought of him being protective of me. Not that I need it. His grin is infectious, and I catch a glimpse of him as an eager young boy, just for a second, trying to please, to reassure, afraid of being rejected.
I see a little of myself in that look. Or I should say, of myself from a long, long time ago.
I mull it over as he finishes tuning the guitar and sets it down in the case. “Come on. What do you have to lose?”
I think of my tattoo.
I really don’t have anything to lose by having dinner with the hottest guy I’ve met in forever. I hear Melody’s voice in my head and remember her femme fatale act from that morning, as well as the admiring glances Derek’s collected all day.
But still, I hesitate. I’ve built a hard shell to keep the world out, and this is a small step in the wrong direction. Or is it?
Crap.
“Okay,” I agree.
I wish I could take a picture of his expression. Pure happiness, kind of like a puppy with a new toy, which he quickly represses in favor of his usual easy smile. He’s trying so hard to act like my answer didn’t matter, which makes me both happy and sad. Here we are, circling each other like adversaries, like chess players or gladiators. My happiness fades and is replaced by the sadness. It’s a shitty world where you have to constantly be on the defensive, but I didn’t make the rules. And I’ve learned them the hard way. If you don’t let anyone in, you can’t get hurt. Simple.
Derek gathers his bag and guitar case and shoulders the rucksack effortlessly. He peers down the street and motions with his head.
“We can catch the bus a block down.”
He begins walking and then waits for me to catch up. His legs are longer than mine, and I can tell he’s deliberately slowing his pace so I won’t have to struggle.
My mind is whirling as we make our way to the bus stop, trying to frame the questions that have been burning inside me since yesterday. We get to the steel bench, the sign so covered with graffiti it’s indecipherable. Derek glances at the oncoming traffic and checks his watch – a steel Timex on a heavy leather band, very seventies.
We sit in silence for a few minutes, and then he leans into me. “Everything okay?”
I decide the truth might not be the worst approach I can take. “I’m trying to figure out if you’re a serial killer or something.”
His laughter is like bells, genuinely amused. I join him, mine both nervous and relieved.
“How many people do you have to kill to be a serial killer?” he asks. “Is there like a number, or is it vaguer than that?”
“Pretty sure it’s more than one.”
“Oh. Well, huh.”
“That’s not really an answer.”
One corner of his mouth tugs up. “Did you ask a question?”
“Something about killing.”
“That wasn’t a question. It was a statement.” He pauses. “Besides, I could ask you the same question.”
“I wasn’t the one joking about eating my former partner.”
“Oh. Right. Do you think a lot of serial killers joke about it with beautiful girls they just met? Kind of trying to put their best foot forward?”
An involuntary surge of pleasure runs through me. He called me beautiful! Then my inner dialogue kicks in – that cynical voice that keeps it real. Get over it, already. He’s just flattering you to butter you up before he murders you.
“For all you know, I could be one.” I give him my most mysterious glare.
We both crack up again. I obviously suck at being a psycho killer.
“Then I think that cancels it out. I mean, you never hear about serial killer A killing serial killer B,” he says.
“Maybe that’s because nobody knew the victims were killers.”
“Good point. How did we get on this topic again?”
“I was explaining that I’m trying to figure out whether you’re dangerous.”
“No question I am. The only open issue is how dangerous,” he says, his smile not as reassuring as earlier. Then his face cracks and warmth moves to his eyes. “Don’t sweat it. You don’t have anything to worry about. I’m a teddy bear with my partners.”
I’m about to say something when he cuts me off.
“Bus is here.”
 
Chapter 6
When we get off the bus at 17th Street and Mission, the neighborhood is scary, even by my standards, which are pretty low. San Francisco has a number of areas you don’t want to go to, the top of the list being the Tenderloin even during the day, followed by Hunter’s Point north of the ballpark, and then South of Market at night. The Mission district isn’t terrible during the day, but once the sun drops into the ocean, the whole character of the place changes, and not for the better.
I look at Derek as a bum shuffles down the sidewalk toward us, muttering to himself. The stink of urine is strong. Even though I’m homeless, I make a big distinction between being a street musician and a vagrant. One tries to earn a living with a skill, the other’s a beggar. It’s probably a difference that’s lost on many, but to me, it’s a big one.
“Are you sure about this?” I ask.
“We might have gotten off at the wrong stop,” he says, eyeing the shambling bum. We push past him as he calls out for some spare change, but we ignore him and keep moving, picking up our pace as we do. Derek looks down at me, and I see the faint smile, and even though I know he’s not bulletproof and invisible, I feel safer. If he’s not worried, I’m not.
We turn a corner and a faded red neon sign flickers at us in the dark.
“Tony Soprano’s?” I ask. “For real?”
“It’s got the best lasagna I ever had.”
“It looks like an armpit.”
“The salad rocks, too. Best of all, it’s cheaper than dirt.”
I eye it skeptically. “No extra charge for the cockroaches.”
“They add a nutty flavor. You’ll like it.”
“I thought they tasted like chicken.”
“Nutty chicken. Crunchy, when done right.”
“Gross.”
“You can always send them back if they’re undercooked.”
We shoulder our way through the weathered double doors. Inside, it smells like garlic and oregano. A small man with a weasel face approaches with a frown, which softens when he sees Derek.
“Eh, you bring a friend?” he says to Derek with an accent straight out of central casting.
“My new business partner,” Derek says in a serious tone.
Weasel guy looks me up and down, and I feel like I need to take a shower after he’s done.
“Right thisa way,” he says and directs us to a booth in a gloomy corner by the bathrooms and kitchen. The vinyl seat is cracked, and the red and white checkerboard plastic tablecloth is sticky, which he remedies with a swipe from a moist rag that looks like it’s also used for oil changes.
We order tap water to drink, which gets a smug smirk, and I look at the menu, which as Derek said, is inexpensive and large. A platter of lasagna goes by from the kitchen, and my mouth floods, cockroaches or no.
“Don’t let the fancy interior scare you off. The food’s good,” Derek says. “Huge portions, though, so unless you’re starving, we might want to split something.”
We negotiate back and forth and agree on a large salad to start, with lasagna for the main course. The waiter, who’s the host’s uglier, meaner twin, takes our order without comment, like he’s late for something really important and got stuck with our table after losing a bet.
When the bread comes, the aroma is like nothing on this earth. Derek excuses himself and goes to the bathroom to wash his hands, and I sit, salivating, waiting for him to get back so I can do the same.
He returns and it’s my turn. The bathroom is everything the exterior of the restaurant promised and then some, and I wonder whether the place used to be a prison. I inspect my face in the mirror once I’ve dried my hands, and for the first time in years wish I had a little mascara and some rouge. Maybe even lip gloss.
I’ve always been a tomboy. I see nothing wrong with that. Whenever I see girls like Melody, who are so comfortable being all girly girl, I’m sure there’s something broken inside me, but I quickly snap out of it. Standing here tonight, though, looking at my plain reflection, I wish I was different, just for a while. Like one of the starlets that adorn the tabloids and glamour magazines I pass at the newsstand.
My throat tightens, and I feel like I can’t swallow. I pat some cold water on my face and stare myself down as I murmur to the girl in the mirror. “Boo hoo. Poor you. Don’t look like a Playboy bunny or a complete whore. Wahhh.”
The self-talk helps. It usually does. I have a zero tolerance policy for letting myself get away with any bullshit. Bad things can happen when you’re distracted by your circumstances, so it’s better to get over it than wallow in the pity pool.
My cell vibrates against my butt, startling me, and I pull it out. It’s Melody.
You in the honeymoon suite with dream boy?
I text back: No. Having dinner.
Her response comes in seconds. He didn’t seem to notice me. Maybe he’s gay?
I decide to F with her. He wants to go shoe shopping later with me.
I can practically hear her screaming at the phone in triumph. I knew it!
I type back to her: Kidding.
Her final message: Use condoms.
When I emerge from the bathroom Derek’s torn a big hunk of the Italian peasant bread off and put it on my plate. I could kiss him. Not as in, stick my tongue down his throat or grope him or anything. More like, gratitude-for-his-consideration kissing. A vision of Melody waggling her tongue piercing at me floods my senses, and I have to bite my cheek to keep from laughing.
I approach the table, and for a few seconds I consider the groping and kissing thing, and it doesn’t revolt me, as it usually does when I think about things like that. The surprises just keep coming. My legs feel weak again, and I’m grateful I can sit down before I fall against Derek.
As if reading my mind, he strips his jacket off, revealing his tanned, muscular arms. The tattoos ripple across the skin. I shift on the vinyl seat and busy myself with the butter, although I’m afraid I’m being way too obvious with my gaze as I watch him in what I consider my stealth mode.
He doesn’t seem to notice, and we dig into the bread. The waiter returns with a salad bowl the size of my head piled high with greens, the entire thing swimming in an herbal dressing that smells like heaven.
Over the salad, I launch my information-gathering offensive, thinking of Melody as I do. “So, Seattle, huh?” I lead with.
He nods, chewing.
“How long have you been in the Bay Area?”
“Three months.”
“Were you on the street in Seattle, too?”
Another nod, matter of fact. “Yeah. Since I was fifteen.”
Perfect lead-in to my next question: “How old are you now?”
He pauses, calculates, and then smiles. “Eighteen.” A long pause. “Today’s my birthday.”
My mouth drops open like a largemouth bass, and I try to decide if he’s kidding. His eyes are as free of guile as a newborn’s. I raise my soda. “Congratulations, and happy birthday.”
He clicks his plastic cup against mine. “It’s been my favorite one, so far.” His eyes lock on mine. “A really good day.”
Words have suddenly fled my brain. I feel like I’m falling from a great height, dropping into his gaze, swimming in a bottle-green sea. He’s looking at me in a way I’ve never been looked at before. I’d remember if I had.
Sure, I’ve had a few guys who totally wanted to get into my pants look at me with complete lust, usually accompanied by a beer smell. For some reason the last one, at a backyard keg party in my neighborhood six months ago, springs to mind. A senior named Brett had been putting the moves on me for weeks, and decided after some liquid courage that the words, “I’m so horny I’m gonna explode,” were what every girl wanted to hear. That didn’t end well, and when he didn’t take no graciously, I kneed him when he tried some bullshit power move that would have been more at home in a UFC ring than on a date. Obviously, none of those experiences compare to what I’m suddenly feeling now.
I shake it off and break away. “Wow. Big occasion. I guess I’m buying,” I say, feeling like I should do something for Derek. He’s spent his birthday singing with me, and chosen to spend his special evening having dinner with me. And all the while I’ve been suspecting him of being a stalker or a menace. I feel about two inches tall.
“I’m really glad it turned out this way. There’s nobody I’d rather be having dinner with.”
I hear the words, but I’d already seen the truth of them in his eyes before he spoke. I shiver almost imperceptibly. This is not at all what I was expecting. I don’t know what to say, so I opt for a forkful of salad. Derek’s hand slides toward mine, and I feel a thrill of excitement in my gut.
Which collapses when he breaks off another hunk of bread and puts it on his plate.
The haze that descended over me lifts, and I force myself to snap out of whatever spell I’ve fallen under. What would Melody do – WWMD?
Scratch that. I know all too well what Mel would do right now. Derek would be getting the birthday treat of his life, maybe before even leaving the restaurant if the bathroom door lock wasn’t broken. Instead, I opt for more questions.
“So you’ve been on your own for three years?”
“I guess that’s how the math works. Seems longer.”
“You’ve been making it by singing the entire time?”
“Yeah. Not a lot of opportunity for fifteen-year-old dropouts,” he says, his tone bitter.
I so want to ask him why he ran away, but I don’t feel comfortable doing so, and something about the guarded look that’s now in his gaze stops me.
“The whole time in Seattle?”
He shakes his head. “Spent last summer in Portland. That was kind of cool. But still way too much rain. I made it as far as Vegas by the time the season was over, thinking it would be fat city there, but I wound up living in the tunnels underneath the Strip. It sucked. I got warned off of L.A., so decided on San Francisco after a Vegas winter. This is way better.”
“What’s wrong with Los Angeles?”
“Nobody walks. So good luck as a street musician. The only people you see are tourists, and they believe we’re scum, for the most part.”
“I never really thought of it that way.”
“Yeah, and the cops in San Diego are supposed to be complete ass hats. The Bay Area has a good reputation. So here I am.”
“But you mentioned you’re leaving?”
His face darkens, but we’re interrupted by the arrival of the lasagna, which is as big as a boxcar. The waiter dips into the oversized trough with an oversized serving spoon and leaves the service to Derek.
“Oh. God. Is there meat in that?” I ask, horrified.
He falters, and his face falls for a moment before he rallies. “Do the cockroaches count?” He pauses, trying to read me. “I think the giveaway’s that it’s called meat lasagna.”
“I didn’t really look at the menu.”
He nods. “Should we order you something else?”
I’m crestfallen. My lower lip trembles, and then I smile. “I’m F-ing with you. Bring it on.”
He stares at me like I just screamed at the top of my lungs, and then we laugh together, too loud. The table a few over, a family of four, everyone on their cell phones texting or web cruising or whatever, glares at us with distaste. I don’t care, and neither does Derek.
The pasta’s insanely good. I eat until I’m going to burst, and I’m not a small eater – when I get the chance. Derek scrapes the plate clean, and we sit back, stuffed. My questions have slowed to random chewing sounds and occasional slurps, but now that we’re done eating, I resume my drilling.
“Any brothers or sisters?” I ask, hoping that’s a safe question. You never know why someone leaves home, but it’s the only place I can think of to start again.
He looks away. “Two brothers.”
“They still in Seattle?”
“I haven’t spoken to either of them for a while.”
That sort of stalls everything. I try again. “So if we keep making money the rest of the week, you still planning on leaving?”
When his eyes shift back to me, I see pain and confusion in them, but only for a second. He nods. “Yeah. It’s something I have to do.”
I’ve been about as nosy as I can justify, but I decide to plow ahead. I don’t understand that flash of emotion I just saw, but it’s gone now, so whatever it was, it didn’t have to do with leaving.
“Are you in trouble?” I ask softly. I’m wondering whether the cops are looking for him for some crime.
“Are we back to me being a serial killer?” he asks, his tone playful again.
“I don’t know. You say you have to leave and then go all Mr. Mysterioso on me.”
He shakes his head, and I’m reminded of how awesome his hair is. Focus, Sage. Do not start down that road. You’re making progress dragging info out of him.
“No, I’m not in trouble.” He pauses. “At least, not the kind you’re thinking.”
“I don’t understand.”
“You think I can talk them out of some cake or ice cream?” he asks, clearly wanting to change the subject.
“Pretty sure they sell it here. Let’s ask Doctor Doom.”
“His name isn’t Doctor Doom. It’s Chuckles,” Derek says, his tone somber.
I almost blow the last of my soda through my nose. I swat his arm. “Don’t do that.”
He looks at me innocently. “What? That’s the kind of abuse I get on my birthday?”
I signal for the waiter, who looks like he’d rather be skinned alive than return to our table. If you’ve ever seen a basset hound that’s lost his favorite toy, that’s our man. He slinks over to us, and I offer my most endearing smile.
“It’s Derek’s birthday. Can you make something special for us?”
He nods once and barely contains his eye roll before tromping off to the kitchen.
I sigh and look at Derek. “He likes you best.”
“Are you kidding? That’s the happiest I’ve ever seen him. He was dizzy with excitement. Don’t let him fool you.”
I laugh some more and have a hard time stopping. I’ve kind of got the giggles. Part of the reason is I feel a lot more comfortable with Derek – he seems more human now. Before he was this unapproachable hot guy with danger written all over him, but after spending the day, and now the evening, with him, I’m starting to be able to look past that. Not that I want to – the eye candy part’s also pretty compelling. My gaze drifts to his Elvis tattoo.
“What’s the story with the King?” I ask.
“It’s a reminder of what you can do if you really want to. He came from nowhere, and he made history.”
“You really like his music?”
Derek shrugs. “Some of it’s pretty good. But I’m more talking about his bulldozing whatever was in his way and making it, no matter what it took.” His eyes take on a passionate gleam. “He started as a hillbilly singer, but became a force of nature. You have to admire that. And he did it all while he was young – not much older than we are.”
“Really?” I ask. I’m not that big on a singer who would have been old enough to be my great-grandfather.
Derek nods. “He was told he couldn’t sing by everyone in the business, and to quit. He got passed up in tons of auditions. But nothing could stop him. He just kept at it until the world came to him. He dragged it kicking and screaming, and never gave up.”
“And that’s what you’re planning to do?” I ask playfully. His eyes never waver, and I see the truth in them. “You are, aren’t you?”
He looks away. “Everyone’s got a dream, right?”
I consider that. Do they? I don’t. I don’t even have a plan for the week, much less a dream.
I feel like a loser again. Who’s either of us kidding? We’re street people one day away from starvation – or one good storm from pneumonia. Our life expectancies can be measured in years, not decades. Dreams are for people with futures. We’re like some kind of lost tribe, living in limbo. Our reality is one that doesn’t exactly encourage wishful thinking or optimism.
A part of me envies Derek for his Elvis tattoo, for his reminder that extraordinary things are possible. At least he has something to wake up for.
I sigh, wondering whether I’ll ever have anything, or anyone, and then push the thought aside. No point dwelling on possibilities that don’t exist for me.
For now I’ll settle for my bag of coins and a chance at a better tomorrow. This week, with Derek. Next week? We have to make it to next week. I’ll worry about it then.
 
Chapter 7
Dessert turns out to be tiramisu, and a mega helping of it that tastes like sin. I don’t think I can choke down more than two bites, and then I’m baffled when a good third of it disappears on my side of the plate. I’m buzzing from the sugar rush when Derek edges closer to me and sets his fork on the plate, signaling he’s done.
He stares at Elvis for a long moment, then turns his attention to me.
“Now it’s my turn.”
“Your turn for what? Diabetic coma?” I joke.
“No, to ask some of the questions I’ve been wanting to.”
I make a face. “Wait. Who said anything about turns?”
“That’s how it works. I mean, I have to know who I’m partnering with, right? It’s not like I’ll just team up with anyone.”
“I didn’t get that feeling when you made your offer.”
The grin is back. “Deception, grasshopper.”
I frown. “You watched a lot of TV at home, didn’t you?”
“What was the giveaway?”
“Nothing.”
“Play along. It’s my frigging birthday.”
“How do we really know that? I mean, how do I know you aren’t just saying it’s your birthday to gain an advantage?”
He chuckles. “An advantage?”
It does sound kind of dumb when he says it. Not when I think it, though.
“You know.”
“Oh, you mean like, maybe if it’s my birthday, you’ll…treat me extra special good?”
Now it sounds even dumber. I eye his face, handsome as any I’ve seen. Would he really need to invent a birthday to get any girl he wanted? I remember Melody’s reaction, only part joking, as well as all the women who stopped throughout the day and voted with their wallets. No, Derek wouldn’t have to tell stories to get extra special good treatment.
My face must look like someone’s knocked the wind out of me, because his tone softens. “I didn’t mean to make fun of you. It’s just kind of amusing. You’re so suspicious of me. It’s obvious.”
“Still doesn’t prove it’s your birthday.”
“You’re right about that. Hey, look at it this way – there’s a one in three hundred and sixty-five chance I’m telling the truth.”
I can’t help but smile. He smiles back, and my heart lurches. People like Derek must be put on the planet to make the rest of us feel inferior – guys just aren’t supposed to look that good in real life.
“Let’s assume for the moment that it is, okay? They’re just questions. They won’t bite.”
I try to think of a way of getting out of having to answer, but can’t come up with anything. “Fine. Ask away. Since it might actually be your birthday, I’ll give you three questions. Make ’em good ones.”
“Only three? Are you serious?”
“That’s one.”
“Oh, come on.”
“Okay, first one’s for free.”
His expression grows serious. “How long have you been on the street?”
That’s an easy one. “Four months.”
“Any brothers or sisters?”
Another easy one. “Nope.”
He nods and steeples his fingers like a champion chess player. I cringe inwardly in anticipation of the next one, which I suspect won’t be a softball. But there’s a limit to what I’ll share with a stranger. If it’s anything about why I ran away, I can deflect. I’m not going to discuss that. Not my mom, not my stepdad, not my real father. None of it.
Derek’s ability to surprise me hasn’t diminished over dessert. When he speaks, it’s almost a whisper. “So you’ve been on your own for four months, are an only child, and beyond that, are a mystery. And you’ve limited my questions, entirely unfairly I might add…” He holds up a hand to silence my protest. The King wiggles his silent support for my predicament. “So here’s my third try: What do you want to be when you grow up? What’s your dream?”
Great. Nothing like a little light conversation after dinner.
How the hell do I answer that? With a glib “alive”? Something tells me that won’t cut it. He’s staring at me with quiet intensity. I watch his chest rise and fall with each breath as he waits for my answer.
I groan inwardly and realize by his quick smile that I must have done so audibly as well. Nothing like letting them see you sweat.
The truth is, I haven’t got a clue what I want to be when I grow up. I debate telling him the simple answer, but my mouth has decided to take this moment to revolt, joining the rest of my body in conspiring against me.
“Wow, Derek. That’s the big one, isn’t it?” I take a sip of my soda dregs to buy myself time to think. “You know, I left home, and just getting as far as I could as fast as possible was all I focused on. Then, when I arrived here, that changed overnight to surviving. I mean, I had this idea I could make it on the street without too much of a problem, but the first night, when I got propositioned a dozen times and then followed by a pimp who wouldn’t take no for an answer and wound up having to hang out all night in front of the police station…it’s like reality hit, and suddenly it wasn’t escaping home anymore. Ever since then I’ve been living day to day, trying to stay positive, making money where I can. I haven’t thought about anything past today. I completely know that’s reckless and kinda stupid, but it’s the truth.”
That’s the most I’ve ever said to him, or really to anyone since leaving home. When I finish, my chest feels tight and my eyes burn. I blink away the emotions that are rushing unbidden to the surface. Emotions are a luxury I can’t afford. Emotions make you soft. Emotions can get you killed, or taken advantage of, or ruin your life.
Derek seems to understand. He doesn’t say anything for several seconds, and when he does, it’s almost a whisper. “Fair enough. But you’re safe right now. We have a roof over our heads till this dump closes, we made some good money today, and we’ve got full bellies. Take your time and think about it. What do you want to be? If you could have anything?”
He looks at Elvis, the tattoo’s lip curled in the most famous sneer in history, and I’m again envious of his reminder.
“What about you?” I fire back. This isn’t fun anymore. Being on the receiving end of tough questions isn’t something I’m good at.
“That’s not how this works,” he chides. “You owe me an answer.”
“I gave you one.”
He shakes his head. “No, you told me why you can’t give me an answer. Which is fine. But you owe me an answer, Sage.” He seems exasperated, but quickly covers it up with a cough. “Maybe not now, not tonight, but a deal’s a deal.”
My eyes well with moisture, and I turn away. He sounds hurt. Worse, he sounds disappointed. It’s a tone I hate. My mother’s tone.
He waves to the server for the check and places both hands flat on the table, palms down.
“Sage, there are billions of people walking around. All of them trying to have the best possible life they can. But most of them are so caught up surviving, on being what they have to be to get a little ahead, that they don’t dream. They don’t have a passion to chase. We, on the other hand, don’t have any responsibilities. All we have to do is make some money so we can eat and dream big dreams.”
It’s all just words. And I’ve heard about enough of his voice to last me a while. I reach into my backpack to pull out my bag of coins, which I’m sure will give the waiter a stroke, and that brightens my dark thoughts.
The check arrives. Twenty-six dollars. I expected worse, and even after paying I’ll have more than I can remember for a long time.
Derek reaches for the bill, and I move it out of range. “It’s on me, Mr. Maybe-or-maybe-not Birthday Boy.”
He doesn’t say anything, only pulls his wad of bills out of his pocket and peels off thirty. “Do me a favor,” he says. “You can owe me the money. Give it to me later. But I don’t want to leave a mound of coins a foot high for them to deal with, okay? I come here too often – I’ll never live it down.”
I quickly figure out how long it will take to count out thirty dollars in quarters, dimes, and nickels, and nod agreement. Since most of my meals cost three or four bucks, I don’t encounter the practical problems of living large on rolls of coins very often.
“Okay.”
He looks at me expectantly. “Aren’t you forgetting something?”
I have no idea what he’s talking about. “What?”
“Aren’t you going to sing me happy birthday?”
Earlier today I would have laughed, but now all I want to do is get out of the restaurant. I feel claustrophobic, and my ears are still stinging from his lecture. Who does he think he is, telling me what I should or shouldn’t do? Not everyone has to have dreams they can put their fingers on.
I stand and retrieve my backpack and guitar. Derek looks troubled and gathers his stuff and follows me out, past the few other diners still left. Once on the street I start walking toward Mission Street.
“Hey,” he says and then hurries to catch up to me. “Hey, wait up.”
I don’t know why I’m so furious, but I am. The anger flares up less and less these days, but it’s still there, waiting like a shark in the deep for the right trigger. I know it doesn’t make any sense, and that just worsens it. The best thing Derek can do right now is let me go off on my own.
He trails me, closing to a few feet and then keeping a cautious distance. Then he grabs my arm. Big mistake.
I’m swinging around to give him a piece of my mind, but he clamps his hand over my mouth and whispers, “Don’t say a word. Turn around, now.” He sees my eyes, furious as I debate biting him, and brings his mouth so close to my ear his breath warms it. “Up ahead. Four homeboys. We don’t have a lot of time. Let’s hope they aren’t bored.”
He removes his hand, his eyes now fully alert and with none of the earlier warmth in them. I turn and see who he’s talking about. In my anger I’ve forgotten the number one rule of street survival: always stay aware of your surroundings.
Derek doesn’t have to tell me twice. I spin and we make tracks, listening for running footsteps behind us. The good news is there aren’t any sounds of running pursuit. The bad news is they’re still coming, their voices low, but unhurried, too cool to sprint.
We make it to the corner, and he pauses, then whispers again, “When we get to the restaurant, run. Follow me. They’ll lose interest. We just need to make it hard for them.”
“Where are we going to go?”
“I crash near here. Three blocks away.”
My eyes widen. “You have a place?”
He touches my arm again. “Remember. When we get to the restaurant, run. We’ll be out of sight for maybe ten or fifteen seconds.”
He sounds serious…and something else. Not scared, which is what I’m feeling. No, it’s more like there’s an urgency, and even as we round the corner and approach the restaurant, I realize that he’s not worried about himself.
Derek’s afraid of what will happen to me.
 
Chapter 8
When Derek reaches the restaurant entry he bolts, and I do the best I can to follow him as he pulls away. I’m afraid he’s going to lose me, and then I see him duck between two darkened hulks of buildings covered with graffiti, trash surrounding their bases. I trail him in, and he gestures to me and then takes my hand. My heart’s jackhammering in my chest so hard my pulse sounds like a drumroll in my ears, and I don’t even think about the implications of his skin on mine.
We exit out the opposite side of the buildings, and we’ve put a block between ourselves and our pursuers. Derek slows but doesn’t let go of my hand. I decide I don’t mind being led for now. My independent streak takes a back seat to getting someplace safe while we can.
He darts across the street with me, and we keep to the shadows. The streetlights are burned out or broken, and there are only a few lights on in second- and third-story tenement windows. I can see cars two blocks away, on Mission Street, but it might as well be the moon. Anything that’s going to play out will do so way before we can make it to a more populated area.
“Where are we going?” I hiss, my breath coming in ragged bursts. My backpack feels heavier with each footfall.
“We’re almost there,” Derek says, and I hope he’s got a plan beyond running from danger all night. I curse myself for coming into the Mission with him, but it’s too late now – what’s done is done.
A tall forties-style marquee rises into the night sky from the side of a darkened building. There’s a chain-link fence around it and vandalized warning signs hanging from the posts. Derek feels along the fence, and when we reach a section near an overflowing dumpster, he ducks and pushes the lower section in.
“Come on. Hurry.”
The fence is either loose or has been cut. I push through the gap he’s holding, and he quickly follows me through, then replaces it and takes the lead again. This time when he takes my hand I’m relieved. Where minutes before I was ready to clock him for grabbing my arm, now I’m happy he’s here, my hand in his.
He moves to a boarded entryway and feels along the side, then shifts a piece of plywood aside and points into the darkness. “After you.”
My fear of whatever’s in there isn’t as big as what’s behind us, so I go through. He follows and wedges the plank back in place. I feel a sense of vertigo. It’s pitch black, and my eyes instinctively try to find a light source, any source, but there isn’t one.
“Come on,” Derek says, and the room brightens when he twists on a small pocket flashlight. I look around. The dim beam plays over trash, broken desks, the remains of what looks like a vending machine, and rusting billboards advertising movies that haven’t played for decades.
My hand slides into his, this time of my volition, and we creep through the garbage until we come to a set of double doors. He knocks twice, and something scrapes on the other side.
“Where are we?” I whisper.
“Home sweet home,” he says, and then the door swings wide.
There’s light, not much, from a single lamp set on a slab of wood that’s resting on theater seats, half of them torn from the floor. A heavyset guy with a Mohawk and multiple piercings, holding a piece of pipe in one hand and a fire axe in the other, glares at me. Then his face relaxes into a smile when he sees Derek.
“I wondered where you were,” he says to Derek. “Who’s this?”
“My friend Sage. Sage, meet Bull. He’s the master of ceremonies here.”
“Sage, huh? Well, if the bard here vouches for you, welcome,” Bull says.
Derek still hasn’t let go of my hand. Bull turns and slides the length of pipe back between two metal eyelets, effectively blocking the door. I look around and see the door’s twin at the end of a second aisle, also wedged shut. Derek leads me toward what was once the stage and leans in. His breath is sweet from the tiramisu.
“I pay five bucks a night to stay here. The place was condemned years ago after the big earthquake, but something happened, and it never got torn down.”
“You pay to stay in this dump?”
“Hey. Bull keeps the idiots out, and there’s a bathroom and showers he’s rigged up. He and his boys run a tight ship. Nobody bugs you, and nothing gets ripped off while you sleep. It’s totally worth five bucks.”
Put that way, maybe it isn’t so bad. Beats dodging rapists in the park.
“What about the guys that were after us?”
“They won’t follow this far. This place has a rep. Bull’s been here for a long time. He’s got a deal with the gang that controls this block.”
“A deal?”
“Right. They don’t screw with him, and he doesn’t cause them grief. He grew up around here, so he’s a homeboy. Everyone’s just trying to get by, and if he wants to run a little hotel business out of here, nobody cares.”
I wonder whether he thinks my hand’s sweaty and gross. It feels like it. But he doesn’t seem to mind. We reach the end of the seating, and he points to an exit sign.
“What?” I ask.
“My place is upstairs.” I realize he’s pointing to a metal ladder that leads to the balcony. I slow, and he squints at me in the dark before dropping my hand and turning off the flashlight. “Are you afraid of heights?”
I consider the ladder. “I’m not afraid of anything.” My words sound hollow to me.
“Good. Up you go.”
“What about my guitar?”
“I’ll hand it up once you make it.”
Crap. I take each rung carefully, my eyes screwed tight by the time I reach the second level, and it’s all I can do to swing my leg over the balcony and get off the ladder. Derek climbs up behind me, easily mounting the rungs using only one hand, and passes Yam to me. I pull it up, and he returns to get his guitar, then follows me up and hands me his case when he’s at the balcony. I take it, and he climbs over next to me and then takes it back.
“Over here,” he says and moves to a clear area, where there’s a sleeping bag neatly rolled up by the wall.
I stop and shake my head. Derek slows and turns to me. “What?”
“I want to get out of here.”
“You will. When it’s safe.”
“When will that be?”
“Morning. By daylight, everything outside calms down.”
I shake my head again. “No.”
He looks at me, puzzled. “No, what?”
I exhale loudly and hear a rustle and a grunt from the other side of the balcony. Someone’s sleeping there. Maybe more than one someone.
Derek’s voice is hushed. “There aren’t many rules, but you need to know them. First, no stealing or violence, for any reason. Second, people come to sleep, not to party, so we respect everyone’s space. Break the rules and Bull boots you regardless of the time, and you get a beating on the way out.”
“So I should keep my voice down?”
“That would be good.”
I try to contain my agitation. “Derek, I’m not sleeping with you.”
He moves to the wall and sets his guitar and rucksack down next to the sleeping bag. “Is that what you think this is about?” he whispers.
“What am I supposed to think? You bring me into this area, and now I’m at your crash pad…”
“Right. You think this is all part of my birthday conspiracy. To get a little present for myself.” He smiles at me. “Don’t take this the wrong way, but I don’t need to kidnap girls to keep me company.”
I feel like a complete moron. Of course he doesn’t. For crying out loud, he’s catnip. He could probably be a gigolo and be driving a Benz or something.
He moves closer. “Not that you wouldn’t be the first girl I kidnapped if I had to.”
I stand staring at him as he moves back to his sleeping bag and unrolls it. He unzips one side and flattens it out on the floor, double wide. “So while sleeping with you would be top of my list of awesome ways to finish my birthday, I’m afraid that’s not why you’re here. I can’t get you back safely with those clowns on the street, so you’re stuck.” He sees my face and presses on, his voice calm and quiet. “Don’t worry. You’re safe. I’m not going to try to buggerize you or anything.”
I almost laugh at the word and stifle it with my hand. He smiles again and yawns. “You want to use the bathroom? Showers are downstairs, but there’s a bathroom up here. It’s not the Hilton, but everything works, and Bull cleans it once a week.”
I’m here with a guy I don’t know, in the middle of a war zone with no way out, and he seems more worried about whether I’ll think the toilet’s gross than getting my panties off. I don’t know whether to cry or not, but my response surprises me.
“I’ve probably seen worse. Might as well show me where everything is.”
I’ve never been to Calcutta or Bangladesh, but the bathroom would probably give them a run for their money. When we get back to the sleeping bag, Derek kicks his combat boots off and stretches his arms over his head before removing his jacket. It’s warm inside, bordering on too warm, and I debate how I’m going to sleep. He grins and lies down with his hands folded on his stomach, using his jacket for a pillow.
I stand watching him for several minutes, and there’s another stirring from the far side of the darkened balcony. Derek looks about as interested in attacking me as the waiter did in giving us free wine, and after he throws me a final look that clearly says, “You going to stand there all night?” I move to him and set my backpack down. I’ve used it as a pillow before, so that’s nothing new. I slide it next to his head and untie my Chucks and, after slipping them off, lie down next to him.
His breathing is deep and regular. I’m as jumpy as a meth fiend in withdrawals, but slowly the tension seeps out of my shoulders and back, and I start to relax. When he speaks, it’s so quiet I almost don’t hear it.
“Sorry about the bogus dinner.”
I smile. He’s apologizing for the first real meal I’ve had in months. Maybe he’s not a serial killer after all.
“Good thing it’s against the rules to sing happy birthday or you’d have me up all night, wouldn’t you?”
It’s his turn to smile. I can make it out in the dark, his teeth seeming to glow in the dim light from the lone lamp downstairs.
“Nah. I’m actually beat. But thank you for making it my most memorable birthday ever.”
“You must not get out a lot.” I pause. “What’s with the bard thing?”
“What?”
“Bull. He called you the bard.”
Derek snorts. “Oh. That’s nothing. It’s a long story.”
“Seems like I’m not going anywhere for a while.”
He stirs, and a part of me trembles – and not from fear. I’ve never felt this way before, and I do my best to stifle the unexpected sensation. He moves a few inches closer and turns his head to face me. I continue staring at the ceiling, which I can see is ornately sculpted.
“I had a copy of Romeo and Juliet when I first started crashing here. Bull gave me nothing but shit about it for the first few weeks, and when I finished with it, I left it for him – he’s not a huge reader, in case it isn’t obvious.”
“The Bull nickname was the giveaway.”
“Anyway, I guess he read it to pass the time, and now there are two people in this dump who’ve read Shakespeare.”
I close my eyes, the last of my anxiety draining away. “Three,” I say.
He nods to himself and returns to his original position, closing his eyes as his breathing slows. I can barely hear him when he whispers his final words of the night – words that keep me awake for another half an hour before I’m able to drift off.
“Sleep well, Sage.”
 
Chapter 9
I start awake, and it takes me a second to remember where I am. It’s been so long since I slept more than a few hours at a time I feel drugged and disoriented. I’m lying on my side, curled in a fetal position, and as I crack an eye open, I realize there’s an unfamiliar weight on my waist.
An arm.
Derek’s arm. Around me.
A beam of sunlight’s shining through a long crack in the theater ceiling, and I can see dust motes floating in it like a slow motion snow flurry. In the dim light I can make out how trashed the interior is, at least the section in my view. There’s graffiti everywhere, spray-painted A for Anarchy symbols next to elaborate works of art featuring street scenes from around town – vatos in zoot suits next to low-rider cars, the Golden Gate bridge with a marijuana leaf superimposed in the clouds above it, Fisherman’s Wharf with stylized caricatures of fat, clueless tourists toting oversized cameras.
I can feel Derek behind me, softly breathing, and I try to decide how I feel about the arm thing. My initial impulse is to pull away, but a split second after that I realize that I don’t completely hate it. In fact, it feels kind of nice to have him sleeping next to me.
Last night I was treating him like he was a molester. Now I’m spooning and happy about it?
If you’d told me thirty-six hours ago that I’d be waking up next to the hot guy who’d stopped traffic on Haight, I’d have asked you what you were smoking.
Now his arm’s around me.
I lie like that for a while, not moving, wondering at how fast life can change, and then my butt cheek vibrates. Not from Derek. My phone. I debate ignoring it, but he’s stirring, and then the arm disappears, and he shifts away from me.
I roll over onto my back and glance at him. He looks like ten million bucks, even with his hair flattened on one side of his head. He blinks, checks his watch, and looks at me. His eyes are sleepy, but there’s something else in them. Worry. I can see him trying to decide whether to say something, maybe apologize for the arm, but in the end he doesn’t say anything, so I do.
“Morning.”
His emerald green eyes warm, and the worry fades from them, replaced by…something else I really like.
“Morning.”
He moves his hand to my face and pushes my bangs aside so he can see my eyes, and then smiles. The worry’s back, and he clears his throat.
“About last night. Nothing happened.”
I realize I haven’t been breathing since he touched my hair, and if that keeps up, I’ll pass out. I sit up and draw a long, slow breath and then look at the sunlight again so I don’t seem like I’m fixated on him.
“I figured that out when I woke up with my pants on.”
He laughs. “I guess that sounded pretty dumb.”
I don’t say anything. He tries again. “It’s just you were so concerned about it…”
I close my eyes and think about possible responses. “Don’t sweat it.” What I really want is for him to put his arm back around me so we can stay like that all day. But I’m not going to say that. In fact, I don’t even know that I want that at all.
Lie.
I totally do. But I know I shouldn’t.
My conflicted thinking’s becoming a crowd in my head. I remember a cartoon where there’s an angel and a devil on the character’s shoulder as he tries to figure out what to do, and I smile at the memory.
Derek looks at me, trying to read me. I almost tell him not to waste his time trying to figure me out when I’m having a total Sybil moment, and then I feel my phone buzz again. I slip it out of my pocket and look at the screen – it’s Melody, of course.
Can you still walk? Can he?
One thing I can rely on is that Melody will go straight to the gutter and gladly roll around in it. If she didn’t, she wouldn’t be Mel. It’s one of the things I love about her – she’s so cheerfully slutty sometimes.
I text back: How can you be sure I was even with him last night?
Her response is like lightning: The way you two were looking at each other? Gimme a break. If you weren’t, I’m going to kick your skinny ass.
It’s pointless to try to explain, but of course I try, my color rising as I do. It’s not like that. We had dinner. It was his birthday. Nothing happened.
She fires back: I think we need to have that talk about where babies come from.
I giggle, and Derek looks at me with a puzzled frown. I text her, finishing the exchange. I’m serious. It was just dinner.
Melody’s not happy. You let that hunk of yum get away without road rash, I’m pimp slapping you, girl.
I turn the phone off and return my attention to Derek, who’s watching me with that edgy intensity I find so…Derek. I wonder when he became a verb in my head. He Dereked me. He’s all Derek on his bad self. I smile to myself, further mystifying him, judging by his expression, which is polite but puzzled.
I laugh as I turn to him. “Don’t worry. My head won’t spin around or anything. It’s been a while since that happened.”
“I don’t scare easy.”
I look around our surroundings. “I see that.”
“It’s better than a park bench or a doorway.”
He’s right, but that doesn’t mean I have to concede the point. “I just hope I didn’t catch anything, sleeping on that bag.”
Derek adopts a totally fake hurt expression. “It’s not dirty. I wash it.”
“Uh-huh.” It isn’t dirty, but it’s fun to see him defensive.
He stands up. I yawn.
“What time is it?” I ask.
“Seven.”
“Figure what, half hour or so to make it to the Haight?”
“Forty-five.” He moves to his rucksack. “I’m going to take a shower.”
“Do they have a ladies’ steam room?”
“Sort of.” He thinks for a second. “I’ll make sure nobody goes in while you’re in there if you want to use it.”
I’m not convinced, but a shower sounds appealing. I decide on a punt strategy. “Let me see what it’s like. If it’s anything like the bathroom up here…”
“It’s better. And most everyone gets up later, so we should have it to ourselves.”
“Not a lot of heavy schedules, huh?”
“Got that right.”
One of the benefits of being homeless is you get to work your own hours. Which is a laughable way of saying one day blurs into the next and time stops having any meaning. The only reason I’m a stickler about getting to my spot every day by nine is to keep some scumbag from stealing it.
My gaze flits to Derek. Who’s no longer a scumbag, I guess. He’s my partner. At least for the week.
He walks through the beam descending from the crack, and the light seems to bathe him like a spotlight. I just about hear music, that waca chica waca chica seventies funk guitar, and I shake it off. What’s going on with me? I mean, my inner voice is usually spun, but even for me, this is weird.
We climb down the ladder, and I see seven or eight sleeping forms on the theater main floor. Bull is dozing in a chair by the door, his bulk unmistakable even at a distance. I follow Derek through one of the exit doors by the stage, and we enter a darkened hall that winds around to a pair of bathrooms, one of them boarded up, the other with no door on it. He waves at the doorway. “This is the spa.”
We go in, and there are two stalls with toilets, a couple of wall sinks, and a homemade plumbing job with an exposed pipe featuring a showerhead pointed at a floor drain. I approach the ‘shower’ and regard it with the caution I reserve for live cobras, and Derek joins me.
“As long as you like one temperature of water, it does the job.”
“I’m guessing that isn’t hot, right?”
“That would be the other temperature.”
“Mmm.”
“I use a pair of flip-flops. And I don’t take long showers. Even in the summer it’s not really that fun.”
“Don’t oversell it.”
He shrugs. “I’ve got a towel. You can use it.”
I’m not convinced. He doesn’t push it. He glances at the time and sets his rucksack down in a clean corner and tosses his jacket on top of it. “You’re welcome to stay,” he says with a grin.
I go to the doorway. “I’ll just wait out here.”
“Scream if you need anything.”
“Or if the rats come.”
“I wasn’t going to say anything.”
I move outside and set my backpack down. The place is Turkish prison-level gross, but my sensibility’s changed a lot in four months, and I’ve seen way worse.
Which saddens me and reminds me of Derek’s question from last night. Is this really what I want my life to be about? Running from predators and spending nights in hellholes? I’m going to be eighteen soon, and what do I have to show for it? A battered guitar, whatever I can carry, and a bag of spare change.
I’m getting into full-blown ‘beat yourself up’ mode when I catch a glimpse of Derek, shirtless, pulling his jeans off. I avert my eyes and fumble for my cell phone, but not before his sculpted abs and stunning chest are seared into my brain. I’m tempted to keep looking, but the small part of me that has any decency left focuses on the phone screen instead.
My battery’s almost gone. I charge it at the bagel place in the mornings, and it usually lasts a few days if all I’m doing is texting, which is the only thing I use the cell for. It’s not like I have an extensive list of friends to call and catch up with. It’s pretty much my Melody line, and that’s it.
I pick up the texting where I left off. So I spent the night at the place he crashes. It’s a total poophole.
Her response is immediate. OMG. You did not.
Me: We didn’t do anything.
Uh-huh.
Me: We should be in the Haight by the usual time.
I’ll stop by. Totally jealous.
Me: Don’t be.
Did you at least kiss? Tell me you did.
No.
Melody: What’s wrong with you?
Fair question, I suppose. Maybe I’m not a tramp who rubs all over every guy she sees?
But that’s not really the whole story, is it, Sage? Not even close. The truth is, I’ve got some hang-ups. I just don’t feel the way girls like Melody do. All I feel when I make out with a guy is a creeping sense of dread.
I’m not some goody two-shoes. Not morally opposed to mutual attraction or happily ever after. I’ve just never seen the point of it with any of the dudes I had a chance to date – they were boys, more about trying to score than who they were doing it with.
Which at least kept me from getting knocked up. Life’s complicated enough without that. My mom’s years of drunken warnings about boys only wanting one thing and the dangers they represent had their desired effect. Every time I kissed someone, all I could think of was how I might be catching something or where their mouth had been. Like a broken record.
I envy Melody her easy virtue and fun approach to life. She has the morals of an alley cat, and she’s fine. I know a lot of the crap that’s sloshing around my head is dysfunctional BS from my alcoholic mother and her creepo new husband (even after five years, that’s how I think of Ralph – the new one).
What a roadmap those two are. The drunken fights, the anger, the violence…
I block the memories out with a shake of my head. What was it Melody says? Garbage. Throw it out. Don’t carry it around with you – toss it and move on.
Of course she’s right, but it’s easier said than done. When you grow up in a household like mine, trust is a sucker bet and everyone’s a threat, either trying to take advantage of you or hurt you in some way. Or both.
My better judgment slips for a moment, and I peek around the corner. Derek’s toweling off. I duck back, my eyes wide, hoping he didn’t spot me. If Melody could see me now…
Who am I kidding? If Melody were here, she’d be in with Derek. No question. In fact, most of the women who’d thrown money into the pot had that hungry look when they eyed him. It was a natural reaction.
And yet here I am texting.
Epic fail.
I sign off as Derek comes through the door, clothed, his hair still dripping wet, looking like a centerfold, his skin glowing with vitality.
“How was it?”
“I’m clean. I’ve got soap, a towel, the whole works. You in or out?”
I consider it. My skin feels like it’s coated in a film of grime. I could probably manage a day without a shower, but it’s going to be a gross afternoon. I’m torn.
Derek raises an eyebrow at my obvious consternation. The smug confidence he exudes decides it.
“I’m in. If you promise not to look.”
“No photos?” he teases. I swat him. He hands me his damp towel. “I left my flip-flops and soap in there in case you decided to go for it.”
Which means he completely expected me to say yes. I’m such a dolt. But now I’ve committed myself, and I’ll look like an even bigger weenie if I back out.
At this point the only thing I can do is shrug it off like I don’t care. I mean, it’s no big deal. Even if he peeks, like I did, it’s just a body. I’m sure he’s seen more than a few of them.
The self-talk doesn’t help. If I have to rely on him being more honorable than I was…
Crap. Might as well get this over with.
I enter the bathroom while Derek busies himself rooting around in his bag. The floor’s a hazardous waste dump, and I pull my shoes and socks off, balancing on one foot while I feel for a flip-flop with the other. I’m congratulating myself when I realize I still have my pants on, so I repeat the whole performance while trying to avoid touching the floor as I strip them off.
If Derek’s watching, he’s laughing his ass off, I’m sure. Talk about dorky.
Next comes my shirt, and I approach the shower wearing only panties. I figure they can use a rinsing, too, and I’ll change them once I’m done. I know I’m being a total prude, but I can’t help myself – the conditioning’s hard to undo.
I’m in and out of the bathroom in five minutes, and when I step into the hall, Derek’s face is a blank. I eye him as if I can tell whether he did or didn’t look using the powers of my mind, but it’s a no go. He smiles, and the now-familiar sense of weightlessness comes and goes, but that’s neither here nor there. I tell myself not to think about it – whether he did or didn’t is unknowable unless he slips up, so there’s no point in worrying about it.
As I hand him back the towel and he returns to the bathroom to get his soap and shoes, a thought flashes in my head, one that freaks me out a little: the thought that he might have been watching…wasn’t completely awful. In fact, it felt as different from awful as I can imagine. Now when the vision of him toweling off springs to my mind, he’s no longer alone. I’m there, too, helping him, also naked and dripping water.
I watch him approach with his stuff and think that Melody would be proud of me. Inch by inch, I’m clawing closer to the cliff edge, pulled into completely unfamiliar territory by the inexorable force that is Derek.
 
Chapter 10
Melody’s waiting for us when we get to my spot, wearing her best hoochie-mama tank top and hip-hugger jeans, her navel piercing prominently displayed along with the top of a tramp stamp that might as well have said, “Ya’ll come back now, ya hear?” She hugs me in a cloud of sickly sweet perfume, and I whisper in her ear.
“You spill the bottle on you or something?”
“Don’t hate,” she murmurs and turns to Derek, who doesn’t seem to have noticed her beyond a curt nod.
“Well, good morning, Derek. I hope you slept well,” she says, her innuendo as thick as tar.
“I always sleep well, Melody. You look good today,” he says, but his tone is more polite than admiring. A small, petty part of me mentally high-fives him when I hear his words.
“Thanks,” Mel says and turns back to me. “You had any coffee yet?”
“I could always have another cup. You know me.”
Melody glances at Derek. “How about you, Derek? Anything I can get you?”
I should be annoyed with Melody, but I can’t be. It’s like that story about the frog and the scorpion. She can’t help the way she is, and I know her well enough to know she doesn’t mean anything by it. She’s just naturally competitive when it comes to males, and can’t stop herself from flirting. There are complicated self-esteem issues that will make some shrink a fortune one day, but I’m not going to join her in the swamp.
Derek seems amused by the show, and I could kiss him when he responds, “Sage knows what I like.”
Boom.
When Melody smiles at me her eyes are dancing. “Come on, girlfriend. My treat.” She links her arm through mine and treats everyone on the block to her jailbait strut. When we make it into P&C, I shake my head.
“Pouring it on a little thick today, aren’t you?”
She ignores my comment and nods her head knowingly. “Wow. Has he ever got it for you.”
“Melody, not everything’s about sex.”
She fixes me with a skeptical stare. “Are you kidding me? He never took his eyes off you. Trust me, I know when a guy’s whipped.”
I look at the menu board so I have something to do, uncomfortable with the discussion. “Derek’s about the farthest thing from whipped I’ve ever seen.”
“Dude, he’s head over heels. What exactly happened last night? I want all the details. Don’t hold back on me or your bathroom privileges are revoked.”
“I told you. Nothing happened. We had dinner at a restaurant in the Mission, and by the time we were finished, it was too late to come back here.”
“You little minx. So you schemed to slip into his bed. Maybe I underestimated you,” Melody says with an exaggerated leer.
“It wasn’t like that. We slept with our clothes on. He didn’t try anything. End of story.”
“And you didn’t roll on top of him? Didn’t trip and stop yourself from falling by catching the top of his pants and pulling them down? Oops, oh my, you are happy to see me?”
“Do you really do that?” I ask wonderingly.
“You’re going to tell me you spent an entire night next to…next to Adonis, and all you did was count sheep?”
“That’s right.”
Her eye roll is disgusted. “And he didn’t touch you?”
I hesitate, and her eyes widen. “I knew it. He totally did, didn’t he?”
“It was nothing, Mel. When I woke up he had his arm around me. That’s it.”
“That’s it! Dude, that changes everything! Start picking bridesmaids’ colors.”
“Can we order?”
“Don’t you know what it means when a guy that’s that hot doesn’t try anything and winds up in bed with his arm around you?”
I stare her down. “I have a feeling I’m going to hear.”
“It’s amore, babycakes. You’ve ensnared him in your seductive web.”
“Ensnared?” Melody doesn’t read anything more advanced than TV Guide. I’m impressed with her recent vocabulary additions. Adonis, ensnared…
“Don’t try to deflect. You’ve got a live one on the line.”
“Those are some pretty tortured metaphors,” I say.
We move to the counter and order three drip coffees, and Melody jams her fingers into her pocket. “It’s on me today.”
My face lights up. I haven’t told her about our windfall earnings. “Oh, that’s the other thing. We made bank yesterday. Like over fifty bucks apiece!”
I remember Derek paying for dinner and feel a stab of guilt. I’ll take thirty out of my coin sack when I have time. No way am I going to let him buy his own birthday dinner.
“That’s sweet. But I can see why. You two are really good together.”
For the first time in our discussion I feel like she’s actually being real. It’s weird. Melody’s the most loyal BFF in the world until a boy gets in the mix, and then she’s as easily distracted as a starlet with a new shiny.
“Thanks. We do sound pretty decent.”
“More than decent.” Melody paid, offering a broad smile to the two male baristas burning holes through her jeans with their eyes. “You should be on the radio. You’re that good.”
I give her a sidelong glance. “Why are you suddenly being nice?”
“I’m just so happy for you. I mean, in, what, three months, you haven’t hooked up with anyone – and now you’ve got Tarzan there panting after you. I…I’m just proud. Our little Sage is growing up.” To Melody, not being with a guy for three months is as unimaginable as levitation. And she always avoids the fact that I’m a couple of months older than she is. I let her have her moment, because a part of me is flushing from her words.
Is it possible there’s something to them? Does Derek really like me that much? I mean, I can tell he likes me, but that’s in the I-just-met-this-chick-and-maybe-I’d-like-to-get-with-her way. What Mel’s describing is something way more than that.
And if he does, how do I feel about that?
The answer comes to me as I collect my cup and move to the condiment stand. I know exactly how I feel. Confused, happy, excited…but most of all, the thing I feel is raw, unthinking panic.
Because I haven’t told Melody the punchline yet.
Derek’s leaving soon, and I have no idea where he’s going.
Or if he’s ever coming back.
 
Chapter 11
When we return to the sidewalk, Derek’s noodling around, playing the opening riff to “Hotel California.” Melody listens and nods her head, and I take a seat next to him and start strumming along. I’m a little out of tune, but it’s okay, because we haven’t played this one yet and it doesn’t count – it’s more like practice.
Street musicians tend to stick to the classics, because most of the time the people who tip are the older folks. Younger ones tend to be broke or tight-fisted, so knowing tunes from the sixties and seventies is essential to making a living, especially in a neighborhood like the Haight.
Derek stops playing, and we get in tune, and then he starts playing the famous opening again and whispers to me that he’ll do the vocal and the lead guitar. That’s fine with me, because his voice is miraculous in the song’s range. He’s also got perfect timing and a flawless delivery. When we’re done, there’s already two bucks in the case, a bill from a guy with a beret and colorful scarf and the coins from a pair of teenage girls who are still there, giggling and looking at Derek like Justin Bieber was sitting in.
I’m used to it after yesterday. Besides, Melody’s words are still rolling and clacking around in my head like pinballs. We play another song, this time with me singing, and before I know it, Melody’s waving good-bye and the case has a pile of coins and bills in it.
We sound better today, our voices meshing with increased familiarity, and by lunchtime I’ve been surprised multiple times by a song where Derek and I just nailed it. As a musician, those are the moments you live for. It’s hard to explain how good it feels when you get it right – almost like you’re flying, effortlessly soaring above everything with superhuman ease.
This time Derek gets lunch, pita sandwiches from the run-down place at the end of the block. We take a break and scarf them down, and then we’re back at it until pedestrian traffic thins and it’s getting dark. Derek counts the money as I pack up, and when he’s done, he’s smiling.
“Oh, nothing. Just a hundred twenty-seven. That’s all.”
This time I’m not as surprised as yesterday. We sounded really good, so it figures there was more appreciation. Still, the number seems impossibly high after months of making twenty or twenty-five dollars per day at most.
“I owe you thirty for dinner and five for Bull’s place, so that’s…twenty-eight fifty for me, and the rest for you.”
Derek shakes his head. “Bull’s place was on me. You didn’t have any choice in the matter.” He counts out thirty-three dollars, favoring me heavily with the bills, and slides them toward me. I collect the money and tuck it away. I feel like I’m walking on air – I’ve got more money in my backpack now than I’ve had at any point since I left home.
Which is awesome, but doesn’t really help me figure out what to do about Derek. Even with him right next to me, he’s all I can think about. Or rather, how he might or might not feel about me is dominating my thoughts. A part of me wishes we’d bombed today, because then I could chock yesterday up to a fluke, and we could go our separate ways.
That would be way simpler. But it doesn’t look like that’s how it’s going to play out.
The other part of me is happy, radiantly so, and wants to run down the street, screaming to the rooftops. For the first time in forever I feel something. Sure, it’s confusing and more than a little bit scary, but I can’t pretend that I don’t.
Which is where it gets complicated.
Derek watches me as I absently put Yam away, my mind obviously elsewhere. He leans toward me with a grin. “Earth to Sage. Do you read?”
I return the smile. “Sorry. I do that sometimes.”
“As long as I didn’t do anything.”
Right. Besides exist, and choose my little slice of paradise to saunter into, with that voice, that body, those looks…
I shake my head. “No. I’m just a little spacey.”
He puts his guitar into the case and closes it. When he looks up, I can’t tell what he’s thinking. “You hungry?”
I’m swelling with joy at the question, but play it cool. “I could eat.”
“What are you in the mood for?”
I shrug. “Whatever you want.”
“I know a little Mediterranean place off Van Ness.”
That’s bus-ride territory again. I weigh the implications and decide to just go with it.
“That sounds great.”
The restaurant turns out to be Greek, and we order grape leaves and lemon soup with chicken. The meal comes, and we plow into it, making small talk as we eat. Dusk’s gray light dims as we watch the world go by. When we’re finished and the waiter busses our plates, I study his face, angular in the artificial restaurant light, and ask the question that’s been burning in my stomach since last night. I feel like I’m diving into the deep end of a pool, but I have to know the answer.
“Where are you going, Derek?”
He smiles and shrugs it off. “Most people that know me would say: nowhere, fast.”
“You know what I mean. You’re leaving. What’s that about?”
He fixes me with one of his high-intensity stares, and I feel like I’m gazing directly at a supernova. I can see him trying to figure out how to dissemble and avoid the question, but he seems to be able to tell I’m not going to let go of it until I get an answer.
His sigh is one of surrender. He leans back in his seat and studies me, and I feel his eyes on me like a physical presence.
“I’m going to New York.”
I blink. Once. Twice.
“New York,” I repeat.
“Yeah. I have to be there in two weeks, and I want to allow enough time to hitch rides.”
“You’re planning to hitchhike across the U.S.?”
“Well, if we keep earning like we did today, maybe I’ll rent a jet, but barring that, yeah, that’s my plan.”
I try not to show how confused I feel.
“Why New York? And why two weeks?” I knew it. He has a girlfriend. He’s probably realized she’s his soul mate and has decided to tie the knot. I wonder silently if I can just swallow my tongue and get it over with.
He stares at his Elvis tattoo as though it holds an answer. When he speaks, his voice is quiet.
“Promise you won’t laugh.”
“Do I seem like I’m going to?” I try not to glare. She was probably his high school sweetheart before he dropped out, and moved back east to be with her family once he disappeared. And of course she’s gorgeous. And rich. And a frigging nymphomaniac for him. I feel sick.
“Have you ever heard of America’s Top Talent?”
The words don’t make any sense to me. “What?”
“Yeah, you don’t strike me as a big TV watcher.”
“They don’t have a lot of big screens in the park.”
“It’s the hottest talent show in the country. For singers.”
“A talent show,” I repeat numbly.
He nods. He’s looking at me with a strange expression. I realize I’ve torn the paper napkin in my hands into small pieces thinking about his imaginary girlfriend in New York.
“They had auditions in Los Angeles and Dallas, but I couldn’t get to them – I was totally broke. New York’s the last open-call auditions. And I intend to enter and win the contest.”
“What do you win?”
“Money, for one thing. Like, five hundred grand. But more importantly, a recording contract.”
“Five hundred thousand dollars? That’s…insane.” I try to imagine five hundred thousand dollars worth of quarters stacked to the sky. It would be a really, really tall stack.
“Yeah, and with a record deal, that could be just the start,” he says quietly.
It all falls into place. He wants to be the next Elvis. Derek…Derek…I realize I have no idea what his last name is. I’ve spent the night with him, and I don’t even know who he is.
“Wow. That’s a big step.” I don’t want to ask the obvious follow-up question, but my impulse control switch is broken in the off position. “What if you don’t make it?”
His jaw muscles clench, but his gaze remains steady. “I will.”
I believe him. He radiates enough determination and confidence to power a freight train. For a second I’m envious of that. I know I seem confident on the outside, but it’s a façade. With Derek…well, he’s the real thing.
I nod. “You know what? If anyone can, you can. You’ve got an amazing voice and can play with the best. I’m stoked for you. That’s so exciting.” And I mean it. I try to keep the spark of pain I feel out of my eyes and voice. It makes no sense, but I feel…hurt, and disappointed, and I know I have no reason to. He’s got a goal, and he’s not satisfied with being a street musician playing for tips. Good for him.
“Thanks. But I’m a long way from winning anything.”
I wave my hand, trying to hide my reaction, keeping it light. “Details.” And then there’s another question I can’t hold back. “If you knew you were leaving, why did you pick my spot to fight over?”
I’ve never seen Derek blush before, but I’m pretty sure that’s what he’s doing. He looks away and takes a sip of his soda. I try mine again. Flat. Blech.
“The truth? I heard you singing from down the block. I had no intention of stopping there. But after a few songs, I was intrigued. I know you don’t always think so, but, Sage…you’re better than good.”
He says this as though he’s telling me it’s raining outside or that the sun’s set. Like it’s fact. Not debatable. Now everyone’s blushing, and I feel hot. He smiles at my obvious discomfort.
“You’re lousy at accepting compliments, huh?”
“What was the giveaway?” I want him to continue. “So you heard me sing and decided to take my spot away?”
He shakes his head. “No. I didn’t decide I wanted to play with you until I saw you. Hearing’s one thing, but after I saw that big voice was coming out of” – he seems to struggle for the right word – “such a small girl, I had to do something to get your attention.”
I hold his stare. “So you had your proposition all lined up before we even had coffee? I knew it,” I say, but inside I feel…I don’t know. Not angry. But whatever it is keeps getting sucked into the mud of disappointment. All of this is fine, but he’s leaving, so it doesn’t matter. Nothing he says matters. It can all seem like magic, but then he gets on the first ride out of town, and it’s game over.
“It’s not like that, Sage. I didn’t have some big plan. I just knew I felt something when I heard you, and then once I saw you, I felt it even more. I know that’s weird. I don’t completely understand it. But you asked.”
My eyes narrow. “Did you look while I was taking my shower this morning?”
He about spits out his drink and starts coughing. When he gets control of himself, he starts laughing. “What?”
“You heard me. Did you look at me while I was taking a shower?”
He looks me dead in the eye, not blinking. “Fair enough. I’ve answered your questions, and I’ll answer that one. But first, one of my own. Did you?”
Bastard. That didn’t go the way I’d hoped. I do my best not to do the telltale eye dart that totally tells the world you’re a liar. I’m not sure I manage it.
“Of course not.”
He nods and smiles like I just told him a secret, and holds my gaze.
“Same here.”
I knew it. I frigging knew it. But I can’t call him on it because I’m just as guilty. Unless he’s actually telling the truth. Which is a distant possibility, I’ll admit, but if true, what does that say about me? Either answer sucks.
We laugh at the same time, the tension breaking like a dam bursting. It feels good to laugh, to see the way the skin in the corners of his eyes crinkle when he does, the flash of white teeth and pink of his tongue…hypnotic. God, he’s gorgeous, I think, and then reality comes crashing in.
Yeah, he is, and he’s going to New York to be a star while you sing for table scraps.
“What time is it?” I ask. I’m enjoying myself, but I need time to think.
“Doesn’t your phone have a clock on it?”
Duh. I pull it out of my pocket and turn it on. Only nine. And there’s a message from Mel.
Mom’s out of town for the night. Big meeting in Santa Cruz. Wanna eat ice cream and chocolate and watch crap on TV all night? Blair’s coming over.
I eye Derek. I remember the feeling of his arm around me, the closeness as he slept beside me, and I shiver.
“You okay?”
I nod. “I might be coming down with something.”
“Oh.”
I really want to spend more time with him, but I also want to process everything he’s said. Maybe Melody’s invitation is the perfect distraction for me while I figure this out.
There’s nothing to figure out, Sage. He’s leaving. Pretty simple. Whatever could have been is already over. Just deal with it and move on.
My eyes sweep around the little restaurant, taking in the faces of the other diners, many of them obviously tired, beaten down by life, plodding toward a conclusion as inevitable as sunset. Derek’s gaze settles on me, and I nod, my decision made. I need some me time. I text back:
Be there in half hour. Don’t start without me.
 
Chapter 12
Melody swings her front door open and squeals when she sees me, greeting me like her long-lost sister. I set Yam down and move into the living room, where her friend Blair is on the couch, wearing flannel PJ bottoms and oversized fuzzy slippers, an orange football jersey completing her outfit. Her ebony skin gleams in the halogen ceiling lights, and she waves a beer at me as I set my backpack down by the breakfast bar.
I’ve met Blair before, and she’s laid-back and cool. Melody once told me that nothing ever fazes her, and I believe it. She’s six months younger than me but seems like she’s in her twenties, with a self-possession well beyond her years.
“Hey, Blair,” I say, looking at the bag of Reese’s on the table next to a bulging sack of M&Ms. There are three empty Miller bottles sitting near the edge – Melody’s mom doesn’t mind her drinking as long as she doesn’t get behind the wheel.
“Sage, how’s it going?”
“All good.”
Melody explodes into the room behind me, her energy preceding her like a sonic shockwave. “She’s only like with the hottest guy on the planet.”
I’m blushing again. “Mel likes to exaggerate,” I say, and Blair nods.
“Bullshit. He’s smoking. I’ve been saving it until you get here, but I took some pictures with my phone today.” She holds her cell over her head and waves it like a prize. “Who wants to see Sage’s hottie?”
Blair gets into the spirit. “I do, I do!”
Melody pages through her photos and then does a fake swoon. “Just look at that. I mean, for real. Just look at him.” She hands the phone to Blair.
Blair takes a long appraising look, swipes to the next photo, and then the next, and then peers over the edge of it at me, a tone of respect coloring her voice. “Damn, girl. I mean, damn.”
I walk over to the sofa and plop down next to her. “I want to see.”
She hands me the phone. Melody’s caught Derek mid-strum as he’s smiling at something, perfect teeth shining in the sun, hair hanging partially in his face, and he does look good. Damn good. I peer at the others. She got one when he’s standing, his jeans accentuating his long legs and slender waist, hands halfway in his front pockets, looking off to the side.
It could be a poster for his concert tour. He’s a natural.
Even in a picture he takes my breath away. He’s obviously producing the same reaction in Blair, who’s staring over my shoulder at the shot.
Melody goes to the fridge and holds up a beer. “You want one?” she offers. I shake my head. I’m not much of a drinker. Too many bad memories to thank Mom for. Some people say a bad example’s a negative, but I’d argue it’s one of the most powerful things in life. My commitment to ensuring I never turn out like my mother far exceeds any drive a good example could have produced.
Same for drugs. I just never developed a taste for them. Not that I experimented much. A few puffs on the occasional joint was my limit, and once I discovered the simple power of saying no, I exercised it early and often. Which made me a total buzzkill at the parties the local heart-throbs dragged me to, but that also worked to my benefit. I knew more than a few girls who regretted what they’d done after a night of dope and booze.
Not that I was self-righteous or judgmental. I know most drinkers don’t turn into my mom, just like most people that smoke a joint don’t develop heroin habits. But I’ve seen enough go down that road to feel happy with my choices. At least, those choices.
Melody brings Blair and herself beers and squishes onto the cushions next to me. “As you can see, our homegirl here has a stud muffin she’s keeping to herself. I tried to get him interested in sharing, but he wasn’t interested.”
“How do you know?” I counter, curious.
“Believe me. I can tell within the first two seconds. Isn’t that right?” Melody clinks her bottle against Blair’s and takes a long pull.
“Well, I need to enjoy it while it lasts, because he’s gone on Monday,” I say, and both of them freeze, bottles halfway from their mouths.
“What?” Melody blurts.
“You heard me. He’s hitting the road. Ciao, baby.”
“Why?” Blair asks.
I tell them about the contest, the Elvis tattoo and its significance, Derek’s dream of making it. When I’m done, I grab a fistful of M&Ms and pop a few in my mouth. The heat rose in my face as I told the story, and only one thing can soothe my damaged nerves: chocolate, the more the better.
Melody is serious now, as is Blair. She looks at me for several moments before speaking. “All teasing aside, how much do you like this guy?”
Maybe I should have had one of those beers after all. “You know. He’s cute, and we sound good together. You said so,” I start, but Melody’s already shaking her head.
“That’s not an answer. How much? Scale of one to ten?”
I roll my eyes. “Not the scale. Anything but the scale.”
“Seriously.”
I think hard. It’s really the question that’s been plaguing me since I woke up with his arm around me. And the shower peek didn’t help clarify it. If anything, it confused the issue.
“Melody, you may not believe this, but lust isn’t the same thing as…liking someone.”
Blair and Melody exchange a glance, and both shrug. Melody giggles. “Always worked for me.”
I try to frame my thought. “I think I like him, but I’m not sure I like him, you know? I mean, he looks awesome, but there’s more to it than that.”
Melody twitches her hips. “Oh, yeah, baby, now you’re talking my language.”
“Not that. I mean his whole vibe. His personality. He’s…he’s complicated.”
“It’s not complicated once the lights are off,” Melody offers and sips her beer. “You just need to roll him in the hay for a while. Ride that bronco.”
I’ve heard this advice too often to let it bug me. Melody’s got one solution to everything. Maybe she’s right, and I shouldn’t be expecting more. What’s it gotten me? What do I have to show for it?
“So is that a six? A seven?” Blair asks quietly.
“I don’t want to put a number to it.”
“Oh my god. That means it’s an eleven,” Melody says in awe.
“I’m pretty sure a scale of one to ten doesn’t have an eleven,” I correct.
“You know what I mean.” She reaches out and unwraps a Reese’s and pops it in her mouth. “There’s only one thing you can do, Sage. And I’m totally serious about this.”
Both Blair and I watch her, waiting for her pronouncement.
Melody’s always had a flair for the dramatic. She finishes chewing, swallows, and washes the candy down with a mouthful of beer. Blair cringes. I don’t. I know Melody too well.
When she speaks, it’s with the authority of a diplomat.
“If it’s a ten, you need to go with him to New York. That’s the only option.”
 
Chapter 13
“What!” I blurt, wondering if Melody’s got anything stronger than beer.
“You heard me. It’s obvious. You need to go with him and stand by your man.”
“He’s not my man.”
“And he never will be if you don’t go,” Melody says.
“That’s…you’re out of your mind.”
“Maybe, but I know when you meet the dude that rocks your world, you need to hang on for dear life. Those are too rare.” Melody sets her finished beer down on the table, and Blair nods her agreement.
“Mel’s right.”
“Okay, this isn’t helping. First of all, he’s not…we haven’t done anything. We haven’t even kissed. So he’s not even close to being my man. Second of all, I don’t know anything about New York. I don’t have any friends there or anything. All I know is it snows and people are mean.”
“Total stereotype,” Blair says. Melody nods.
“I don’t have any money.”
“So what?” Melody asks.
“So what? You need money to survive.”
“But you’re living here with no money. What difference does it make where you’re broke?” Blair asks. That’s not the kind of help I was hoping for.
“You’re both assuming he’d even let me come along.”
“Let you? Girl, you need to be all, ‘Try stopping me!’ This is up to you, not him,” Blair says.
“And what if nothing happens and it doesn’t work out?”
“The talent show?”
“No. Between us.”
“Why wouldn’t it work out?” Melody asks. I feel like they’re tag-teaming me now. Blair does the swing kick, and Melody’s on the ropes, waiting to do the body slam.
“Just because. Sometimes things don’t work out.”
Blair’s eyes narrow. “Sounds like maybe you don’t want them to work out.”
That stops me dead. Maybe she’s right.
Melody pats my knee. “Or maybe she’s afraid it won’t and figures it’s safer to blow the whole thing off than take the risk?”
“I’m right here, you know,” I say, getting angry. This is way more personal than I wanted to go tonight.
Melody takes my hands in hers, doing her mom thing now. “Sage, you’re a big girl now. You need to take charge of your life. Decide what you want, and then do whatever it takes to get it.”
I pull my hands away. “Now you sound like him.”
Melody looks at Blair. “Swoon.”
Blair clears her throat. “Mel’s right. If you don’t really care about this guy, hey, no biggie. But if you think he might be the one, you need to fight for what’s yours, baby girl.”
“I don’t believe there’s any such thing as ‘the one.’ That’s a myth,” I say.
Blair regards me quizzically. “Really? How do you know?”
“I just know.”
She nods, as if agreeing. “What if you’re wrong?”
“I’m not.”
“Right. Because you’re never wrong about anything. But let’s just pretend you might be,” she says, and I remember she’s a 4.0 student.
“Blair, for me, there’s no such thing. I just know that in my gut.” I don’t tell her about my parents, my dad disappearing when I was almost eleven, leaving us with no prospects, or about Ralph’s toxic behavior. I know she’s Melody’s friend, but some things are nobody’s business but mine.
Blair smiles sadly. “My dad says something all the time: ‘If you believe you can, you’re right. If you believe you can’t, you’re also right.’”
“Okay, Dr. Freud. Whatever,” I toss off. But I’m thinking about what she said. And about Elvis. About Derek’s conviction that he’ll do well regardless of the odds.
“Or you can just take your clothes off, grab a bottle of something strong, and figure out how much you really like each other,” Melody chimes in with a wink and pushes herself to her feet. “Last beers?”
When she returns from the refrigerator, Blair switches the TV volume back on, and we watch a special on Animal Planet about dogs that won’t behave. Thankfully they’ve gotten tired of the topic of Derek, Derek, Derek, but as I pretend interest in the Chihuahua that bites when his owner tries to take his food away, my brain’s working furiously on…Derek.
I can’t just go to New York. The bus ride from my little house in Clear Lake seemed like a trip to the other side of the world. Hitchhiking cross-country is crazy talk. It’s fine for them to throw it out there like I can just snap my fingers and bam, there I am in New York, but reality isn’t like that.
Besides, he hasn’t asked me to go anywhere. He’s just told me what he’s going to do. In response to a direct question, after trying to dodge it.
And finally, there’s the niggling fact that I’ve only known him for three days.
People don’t cross the U.S. to be with someone they just met.
Do they?
The truth is that I’m more affected by Blair’s observation about creating your own reality than I am by Derek at the moment. What if that’s true, and I’m creating one without someone to be close to? What if the reality I’m building every day is punishment for sins I never committed? Punishment for not being good enough for my mom to stay sober?
Or for my dad to stay, or even keep in touch?
I can hear Ralph’s ugliness in my head, telling me I’m a loser, an arrogant, snotty little brat who’s worth nothing. Less than nothing, to be exact. A liability, a drain on his generosity.
And I can feel the sting of his slap on my face. The burn of his calloused hand when I talk back to him or roll my eyes, lashing out like a snake and hitting before I can see it coming, his expression always completely calm, like nothing’s happening. I can hear him telling me he’ll wipe that smirk off my face in his raspy hiss of a voice, threatening to give Yam to Goodwill, to rob me of the only things in the world I love.
What if I can make a reality where I leave that all behind? Can it really be that easy?
I don’t believe it.
Which is part of the problem. Or maybe it is the problem. “If you believe it’s possible, you’re right. If you don’t, you’re also right.”
Our interest in the TV wanes by 1:30 a.m. with yawns and final chocolates. I sneak another look at Melody’s phone as I hand it to her, Derek smiling from it, and I want to throw it across the room and smash it. Some primitive cultures say you steal their soul if you take a picture of them, and I can relate – that’s how it feels, like she’s taken a part of him she doesn’t deserve, something that’s mine, that she shouldn’t have. I know I’m being silly, and instead of stomping it into pieces, I smile, hoping my thoughts aren’t written across my face.
I take the couch while Blair and Melody stumble off to her room. After brushing my teeth, I spend the rest of the night tossing and turning, my thoughts ugly, as uncomfortable as I’ve ever been, even with impossibly soft cushions instead of concrete for a bed.
At around four, when I finally drift off, I’m still thinking the same thought, over and over, a buzz of anxiety churning in my core as the words echo in my head like the pounding of a drum.
What if Blair’s dad is right?
 
Chapter 14
The next morning I’m sitting cross-legged on my blanket when Derek arrives. I’ve splurged for three cups of coffee since leaving Melody’s at 7:40, and I’m in danger of floating away. Derek gives me a concerned glance that tells me all I need to know about how I look, and when he tries to make small talk with me, asking how my night went, my responses are noncommittal and short.
The day drags by in slow motion, and even though we sound good and the money’s coming in, everything seems flat and dull, and I can’t wait for it to be over. I’m not hungry when he offers to get lunch, and the afternoon stretches endlessly, each song taking forever.
We pack it in early with ninety dollars in the kitty, and I beg off when Derek invites me to dinner. Every minute I’m around him confuses me more, and by the time he walks away, guitar case in hand, I don’t know what to think or feel.
I turn to comfort food, two slices of pizza and a smoothie, and watch the sky fade to purple as the fog rolls across the bay. I spend the night in some of my old spots, getting a total of five or six hours of sleep, none of them satisfying or restful.
This is my old routine, from only a few days earlier, yet it seems alien to me after meeting Derek. As I start another day and walk to the bagel shop, I wonder at the odd way my life has changed. There’s everything pre-Derek, and post-Derek. My pre-Derek reality seems lifeless and dismal, life in an old black-and-white movie, and post-Derek a kaleidoscope of color.
Todd’s standing by my spot with his bicycle, talking to a tall guy with jet-black long hair when I arrive. He gives the stranger a high five and then turns his attention to me.
“Hey, Sage. Whassup with your bad self?” he asks, always cheerful.
“Same as ever, Todd. How’s it going?”
He considers the question like I asked him for launch codes. “Could be worse. Been a good week so far.” He eyes me. “I hear you got a partner now?”
“Yeah. What’s the word?”
Todd strokes his goatee and nods. “All good. Seems like a cool move.” He returns his gaze to me. “You okay?”
“Sure. Why, don’t I look okay?”
“You always look like a spring morning to me, you know? But maybe you seem a little down, is all.” Todd’s got this weird way of talking, this cadence like he’s from Denmark or something, yet he’s from San Bruno. I’m used to it, but it can be really strange to listen to.
“Maybe I am. A little,” I admit.
“What’s wrong? Anything I can do?”
“Oh, just shit, Todd. Some days the world’s just all shit, you know?”
He looks taken aback and gives me this perplexed scowl. “What? No, it isn’t. It’s all groovy. I mean, hey, we’re here on a planet that’s traveling at like ten thousand miles per hour, we’ve got oceans and flowers and puppies and everything, and we’re alive. It’s like, every day’s a miracle.” He grins. “Don’t let it get you down, Sage. Don’t ever let it get you down. It’s all good, all the time. You just have to look for the good.”
Sure I do. “Some days are harder than others.”
He nods again. “You bet. Without the bad days, you’d never appreciate the good, you know what I’m saying? It’s like, bad days are the universe reminding us how good most days really are.”
That’s one of the things I love about Todd’s personality. He’s a bike messenger, makes only a little more than I do in a week, yet he’s always the happiest guy I know.
I envy him right now. I hope it doesn’t show.
“Hey, well, if you want to hang out after I get off work, we can play video games or something. I got some new ones,” he offers, and I return his smile. He’s good people, and I know he’s just trying to cheer me up, not jockeying for anything else. I need more like him in my life.
He rides off on his bike, and I change my strings. The prior day’s melancholy still hangs over me as I wait for Derek to arrive. For all the thinking I’ve done, you wouldn’t know it – nothing’s any clearer. If anything, it’s worse than ever.
Derek comes sauntering around the corner, his shoulders square and his head held high, his distinctive swagger unmistakable, and my stomach does a somersault. I realize I missed him last night. I hardly know him, but I missed him, I admit to myself, even as I hate the weakness it implies.
I’m analyzing why I think missing someone equals being weak when he drops his rucksack and sits next to me. I’ve got coffee I brought from the bagel shop, and I’m about to ask him if he wants me to get some for him from Peaches and Cream when he gives me one of his intense eye freezes.
“We need to talk,” he says, and I’m suddenly five years old again, having knocked a plate off the coffee table and broken it.
“Okay. This is us talking,” I say, sounding like the tough street chick I present to the world.
“You know what I mean.”
“No. I’m not sure I do.”
“Something’s wrong.”
Something? Try everything. Which I don’t say. I decide to hear him out rather than launching into my banter. So I wait. Which doesn’t work. He’s just staring at me. It’s freaking me out.
“You’re kind of staring at me.”
He nods. “I am.”
“Why?”
“I’m trying to figure out the best way to say what I need to tell you, and I rehearsed it all the way here, but now it’s sort of evaporated.”
The low-level sense of anxiety I’ve been feeling blossoms into full-scale panic, but I try not to show it. “Try just telling me.”
I’m prepared for the worst. At least I think I am. I can already hear it. ‘Look, Sage, this has been super cool and all, but I’m leaving in a few and I have some shit to take care of, so have a nice life, don’t spend all your quarters in one place.’ And I’m ready for it. I can take it. Nothing can hurt me.
He clears his throat, and for the first time he’s visibly nervous. Obviously so, no question about it. Fidgety. Which makes me even more panicked. If it’s this bad, do I really want to hear it?
When he begins speaking, his voice is so quiet I have to strain to hear it, and he won’t look me in the eyes. Always a bad sign when they won’t look you in the eyes.
“Sage, these last few days have been really great. I mean, you can see the way the crowds react. We sound good.” He swallows hard, his voice tight. “And I know we didn’t get off on the best foot, and you were kind of defensive, but we made it through that.”
I’m thinking, Kind of defensive? Major understatement, also not a good sign.
He tries a smile, but it’s uncomfortable, and it never reaches his eyes. “I know you’ve probably gotten some confusing signals from me, but I want to say, just so you hear me say it out loud, I really like you.”
Now I can’t look at him. I know what’s coming. I interrupt him, and when I do, my voice cracks.
“But.”
He hesitates and then continues, talking faster now. “I’ve been doing a lot of thinking, and you know I’m going to New York. It’s something I have to do. I’ll never forgive myself if I don’t.” More throat clearing. “I asked you what you want to be when you grow up, and you didn’t answer. I asked what your dream was. I don’t want to seem pushy, but I’m running out of time, so I need you to really think hard about what you want, and how badly you want it. I can’t force you to have the same ideas I do.” He seems to lose his train of thought and then tries again. “Sage, we’re good together. Better than good.” Now it’s his voice’s turn to crack, and he sighs, the tension causing a slight tremor in his words. “This isn’t coming out right. But here it goes.” Deep inhalation. “I have no right to ask you, and no reason to expect you to say yes, but I really want you to come to New York with me and do the audition. Both of us.”
I can’t breathe. For real this time. I have lost the physical ability to inhale.
He still hasn’t looked at me. He’s gazing off into the distance at a spot a million miles just to the left of the traffic light. “I kind of blew this. It didn’t come out right. I had this whole lead up, this persuasive argument about why you should be sick of the street, want something better, and that together we stand a real chance, and how it’s almost destiny how we found each other out of millions of people in this city. But it is what it is.” His voice strengthens now that he’s gotten it out, and he repeats himself a final time. “I’d like you to come with me to New York.”
His eyes return to me. A single tear works its way down my cheek, slow as molasses on an autumn day, and I sniff too loud. His face falls. He thinks he’s ruined everything, I can see.
And maybe he has.
Maybe it was high time it was ruined. Way overdue.
I rub the tear away and try to find my words. Funny how the instrument you take for granted can turn traitor at critical times. I blink and clear my throat, and suddenly everything’s back in focus, like I’ve been away for a small eternity, off somewhere in a forest filled with my ugly thoughts and every bad thing that’s ever happened to me. When I speak, my voice sounds like it’s coming from the bottom of an empty swimming pool, reverberating off the cold concrete walls.
“Okay.”
 
Chapter 15
Wells, Nevada
An arid wind is howling off the high desert, buffeting the truck stop where Derek and I are huddled for warmth under his sleeping bag on a bench outside the dive restaurant. Headlights illuminate the dozen big rigs parked in the lot each time a vehicle drives past on the nearby highway – a long ribbon of pavement that stretches to the dark horizon.
Stars glimmer overhead, making the night sky a tapestry of light. I gaze up, mesmerized by the show. There’s no smog here, and at almost five thousand feet there’s a lot less atmosphere than I’m used to. The stars seem so close I could reach out and touch them.
The last two days in San Francisco were a whirlwind of preparation. It’s surprising how much there is to do when neither of us owns more than we can carry, but there is. I convinced Derek that we should spend some serious computer time researching our route so we wouldn’t wind up in Cuba, as well as verify the entry requirements for the show. We left a day early to give us a margin of safety. We’ve saved about two hundred dollars apiece from our singing that hasn’t been spent on food or a few essentials.
When I told Melody I decided to go for it, she was blown away. I think a part of her never believed I’d make the move, but the more I thought about what Blair said, the more convinced I became that changing my attitude would be a good thing. Maybe it’s all a load of crap, but it’s as good a load as I’ve heard. Just by deciding that I’m going to give this my all, it feels like I’ve taken control instead of being pushed along by the current.
At least that’s how it seemed until we wound up in the middle of nowhere, freezing our asses off while we try to find a ride for the next leg of our trip.
We got lucky leaving the Bay Area – a friend of Todd’s was heading to Tahoe in his VW bus, and we were able to tag along in exchange for gas money. Once there we hitched a ride with a self-described rancher who seemed happy for the company on the long drive east. But our luck seems to have run out now that night’s fallen, and neither of us is really prepared for the bitter cold, even in summer.
“I can’t feel my fingers,” I say, inching closer to Derek.
He pulls the sleeping bag higher and grunts. “This is nothing. Try making it through a Seattle winter or two, where it pours rain for about six months solid.”
“No, thanks. I hope the weather reports on New York are right.” The Internet shows the East Coast as warmer than San Francisco, but even with summer coming to an end, the heat is forecast to linger into the fall.
“The Internet’s never wrong,” Derek says, and we both chuckle in spite of the cold.
I spent my last two nights with him at Bull’s, and I’m way more relaxed around him now that we’ve known each other for almost a whole week. I still feel the familiar thrill when I wake up with his arm around me, but so far he hasn’t tried anything, which has me both a little relieved and also wondering whether he really likes me as much as he seems to.
Melody’s solution was predictable when I talked to her the evening before we left.
“Just pretend you’re looking for your cell phone and you think you might have lost it in his pants.”
She’s consistent as a digital clock, but I’m thinking she might have a point. But I’m not going to make the first move – that’s not my style.
Like I have a style. If a few kisses and make-out attempts that were about as exciting as a doctor’s exam qualify as experience, then I’m a treasure trove. I’ve decided not to sweat it, and concentrate on helping us get to New York in one piece. Nature seems to have worked out for a million years with males and females fumbling their way, so I’m not worried, especially with Derek, who no doubt has enough experience for both of us, although he hasn’t come out and said so.
After that morning when the fireworks went off and I was walking on air most of the day, reality set in and I started freaking out – I had agreed to not only travel thousands of miles but also go up against the best singers in the U.S. Little me, who’s never been further from home than San Francisco, which isn’t even a hundred miles from the small town where I grew up, and whose total professional entertainment experience consists of singing oldies on a dirty blanket to stoners.
When you’re me, stressing out over stuff is like a national pastime. I’m really good at it. I’ve been told I can invent enough scenarios to plot a season of soap operas on any given day. It’s the downside to having a good imagination and reading a lot – where most people see a coffee stain, I see a treasure map, dried blood from a murder-suicide, or the Last Supper.
Derek’s the exact opposite. He seems content to take life as it comes, and he’s a hundred and twenty percent confident we’re going to make a splash in New York. We’ve been paying a lot more attention to our harmonies now that we decided to enter the contest as a duo, and the upside to having seven or eight hours a day to sing together is we stuffed a month’s worth of practice into a week. By our last day, there are about ten songs that are standouts, and we’ve taken to rotating them so we run through them at least a dozen times a day.
Even though we’ve spent almost every hour together since that morning, I haven’t gotten tired of being around him. If anything, every time we have to split up feels like an eternity until we’re back together. I have a mental image of this little runt dog and a German shepherd I see in the park most mornings, the two bonded and inseparable, and for some reason that’s what I think of when my thoughts turn to us.
My only fear – other than being murdered by someone who picks up hitchhikers to kill them, or freezing to death in the New York winter, or being gang-raped by mountain men on the road – is that maybe I’ve misread Derek and he’s really only interested in a musical relationship. I’ve told myself that’s okay, but the truth is the more time I spend with him, the less okay it is.
I pride myself on my ability to read people, but I look at him and have no clue what’s going on behind those eyes. Which is unnerving. Especially now that my feelings are changing, growing less professional with each passing hour. I watch him, looking for clues, but I might as well be staring at the Sphinx.
A semi-rig air-brakes as it pulls into the lot, and I shiver. I lean my head against Derek’s shoulder and tell myself we’re not going to be stuck here all night. He shifts and pulls me close, and a surge of warmth courses through me. I silently will him to do something, anything, that would confirm he’s feeling more than brother and sisterly, but he continues to be a gentleman.
Which sucks worse than I can explain. I wet my lips and close my eyes, thinking about Melody’s advice. Maybe I’m going to have to make a first move. I’m working up the courage to nuzzle his neck when he stiffens and sits up straighter. A trucker with a bushy red beard and a grimy Hooters baseball cap is exiting the restaurant, and he slows when he sees us.
Derek nods at him with a small smile, and the trucker nods back.
“Mighty cold, isn’t it?” he says.
“Probably going to get worse before it gets better,” Derek confirms.
“Where you kids headed?”
“East.”
The trucker looks me over, and then his eyes return to Derek. “Got a ride?”
“I wish. We’re hoping to hitch one. We don’t have much, but we could help out with gas.”
The trucker’s silent for a few seconds. “Diesel,” he says. “These babies drink diesel.” His gaze moves back to me. “That everything you got?” He nods at our pitiful bags and guitar cases.
I decide to try some feminine charm. Anything to get out of this cold. “That’s it. Mister, we’d be really grateful if you’re headed east and could help us out.”
He appears to think it over. “Hmm. Well, I’m going as far as Denver. Gonna be driving all night. If you can help keep me awake, you can ride with me.”
I practically bolt to my feet, but Derek’s slower. “You sure?”
“Sure. I got a couple a kids about your age. I’d hate to see ’em freezing in the ass end of nowhere. You can stow your stuff in my cab. I got a bed in the back. It ain’t much, but it works for me.”
Derek stands and extends his hand. He’s a few inches taller than the trucker and solid muscle, whereas the older man looks like the only exercise he gets is waddling into diners.
“Much obliged,” Derek says, and I give him a sidelong glance. Since when is Derek a good ol’ country boy? “Name’s Derek. This is Sage.”
The trucker reaches for my hand. I give him the total courtesy shake and notice his nails are a science experiment. Still, beggars can’t be choosers.
“Gus,” he says. “Pleasure to meetcha.”
We follow him to a red Peterbilt and I climb into the cab. Derek hands me our stuff, and I stash it in the sleeping berth, and then he climbs in next to me. The seat’s only big enough for one of us, so I climb up into the berth while Gus pulls himself up behind the wheel and starts the motor. I’m surprised by how nice the interior is considering Gus’s overall look. It’s actually pretty comfortable.
“You should take yer shoes off. That’s my bed nine months outta the year,” he says. I unlace my Chucks and put them on top of my backpack. He looks in the side mirrors and puts the truck in gear, and soon we’re pulling onto the highway, his radio chattering and squawking as we go.
Gus turns out to be from Jacksonville, Florida, and has been driving for twenty-two years. I made him for fifty, but turns out he’s forty-four. He’s got a wife and two kids, son and daughter, twenty and sixteen years old. The son’s in college on a sports scholarship, and Gus tells endless stories about his miraculous feats on the field. The daughter wants to be an architect, and Gus has been saving up to put her through school.
I’m listening to this, and my self-esteem’s tunneling with every mile. Eventually he asks what we’re doing, and Derek tells him about the talent show. Gus listens attentively and laughs when Derek’s done.
“So you kids got any songs an old fart like me would know?”
Derek nods. “Sure. You name it, we play it. Beatles, Eagles, Janis, the whole shooting match.” He’s becoming more corn pone the closer we get to Denver, and I’m afraid of what will happen when we’re really in the heartland. A mental image of Derek in a pair of overalls and a straw hat, chewing on a corn stalk, pops into my head, and I have to stifle my giggle. I need sleep, but Gus isn’t having any of it.
“Well, hell, then. Sing me one a yer songs.”
Derek turns to me, and I fumble Yam out of the case. “What about ‘Rocky Mountain Way’?”
I play a few chords, and we launch into the song. By the time we’re done, Gus is impressed.
“You’re fantastic. I gotta get your autographs. I mean it. You’re really good. Play another one.”
I sing “Knocking On Heaven’s Door,” and then Derek does “Like A Rolling Stone.” Turns out Gus is a Dylan fan. We eventually run out of ideas, and after a few Bonnie Raitt songs, I throw in a couple of Janis Joplin numbers. When I sing “Me & Bobby McGee,” he almost runs off the road.
We’ve covered most of the sixties and seventies and we’re on to Elvis by the time we roll through Salt Lake City. Gus’s eyes are bright as we trundle along, and he insists on singing off-key on most of the choruses.
Derek’s got Elvis down cold, and I’m enjoying his renditions almost as much as Gus is. It sounds corny, but the sound of Derek’s voice sends chills up my spine, even after hearing him as many times as I have. That can’t be bad, I reason. Unless he’s decided we should just be friends. In which case I might as well join a convent, because nobody else has ever had the effect on me he does. Which of course gets my little hamster brain running endlessly on the ‘what if’ wheel. You’d think I’d know better, but apparently not.
By 3:00 a.m. I’ve played out every possible nightmare scenario in my head while we sing our entire roster of golden oldies – Derek being uninterested in me as a female, Derek leaving me high and dry in New York, Derek rejecting me when I make my sly overture. I’m getting hoarse and yawning a lot, but Gus doesn’t get the hint. Another six songs and I beg off any more so I can get a few hours of sleep before it’s daylight.
Gus has found a new best friend in Derek, and can’t stop talking about how much he enjoyed our little impromptu concert. Derek’s in full roar, charming him all the way to Denver, and as I doze off, I’m smiling.
If the talent show judges are all long-distance truckers, we’ll walk away with the prize.
 
Chapter 16
Gus is a lifesaver for us. When we pull into Denver around 10:00 the next morning, he gets on his radio and beats the trucker tom-toms to see who can give us a lift east. A female friend of his is leaving for St. Louis, Missouri, in two hours, and agrees on Gus’s recommendation to let us ride with her.
I’m a little surprised that a woman is a long-haul trucker, though I’m not sure why. It’s not like a female can’t drive a truck as well as a male. It’s just that the business seems like the territory of unshaved guys with bloodshot eyes and service tattoos.
Gus drops us off at a truck stop on the outskirts of town and tells us to wait for Helen, who’ll be around by noon. He refuses to accept any money, and he’s so sweet I can’t help myself and give him a parting kiss on the cheek. Underneath his gruff exterior he’s a butterball, and as he drives away, he promises to tune into the talent contest to cheer us on.
Our fan club having built to a total of one, we decide to eat brunch while we wait for Helen. Derek’s tired, which is no surprise given that he stayed up all night. Even so, to my eye he looks like every girl’s fantasy – or at least this girl’s. We tote our stuff into the restaurant, which smells like bacon grease and ass, and sit at a red vinyl booth by a window. Derek skims the menu while I look over the specials card stuffed into a scratched plastic stand, and when the waitress arrives, we order coffee while I think about what I’m going to have.
When she returns with our drinks, I ask for the number two special, which contains enough pork by-products and lard-based food groups to clog all my arteries. Derek gets the same. I dump most of the sugar bottle into my coffee while Derek watches with quiet amusement, and I blush when I realize what a complete sugar whore I look like. I slide the bottle across the table to him and reach for the cream.
“What?” I ask. He’s just staring at me.
“Nothing.”
“You can’t do that and then say nothing.”
He grins. “I just did.”
“I’m glad I’m providing entertainment value.”
“It’s not that.”
“Then what is it?”
He’s still staring as he streams sugar for a few seconds into his cup and stirs slowly, like he’s mixing explosives. When he finally speaks, I have to strain to hear, so soft is his voice.
“I was just thinking that you look beautiful.”
I’m glad I don’t have a mouthful of coffee. It would be awkward if I projectile-blasted it out my nose.
Even with only a few hours of sleep and no caffeine yet, my heart trip-hammers like I’ve just run a four-minute mile. I try to decide whether he’s screwing with me, but his expression says he’s not.
“I think you’ve confused your reflection with me,” I say and want to suck the words back into my mouth the moment I’ve spoken. Crap. That totally didn’t come out the way I wanted it to.
His eyes narrow. “You’re not super good at taking compliments, are you?” he says, more a statement than question.
I debate another smart-ass comment, but decide that’s not a good road to go down when your dream dude tells you you’re beautiful. So I try honesty instead. Probably because I’m so tired.
“No, I guess not. I’m not used to getting them.”
“I’d have thought you’d gotten so many you’re tired of hearing them.”
“Ha. I wish.” Ralph’s hateful face pops into my mind, and my stomach’s instantly swimming in acid. “My family’s not exactly what you’d call…supportive.”
He shrugs. “Their loss. You’re going to be a star, and then you can tell them to suck it.”
I laugh at the thought, but his words warm me. “Boy, wouldn’t that just kill them.”
“Another reason to give it your all.”
“Like I need one? Living in the park’s a pretty good motivator.”
“Yeah, but being on top of the world’s not a bad one, either.”
Our breakfast arrives, a nightmare of congealed glop and unidentifiable chunks of mystery meat along with enough starches to qualify me for bypass surgery.
It smells like double scoops of awesome, and I can’t eat fast enough. Derek’s slower. You can learn a lot about a person by watching them eat. I mean, theoretically you can learn more by sneaking looks at them in the shower and sleeping with them, but right now, all I have to work with is breakfast.
He’s methodical, and unlike me, who sort of goes face down into the plate like I’m trying to win an eating contest, he starts at one end and works his way across. But it’s more involved than that, because he also sticks with one food group until he’s finished with it, and then moves to the next. My technique consists primarily of smushing everything together and shoveling it into my pie hole as fast as possible. Which is yet another thing I’m ashamed of. I feel like a farmhand after watching him finish, cleaning his plate and leaving it looking like it had just been washed.
A word pops into my brain to describe it: thorough. Derek eats like he does everything else – he’s totally focused on the task, has a system he follows that he sticks to, and doesn’t stop until he’s through.
Which tells me nothing about his character I don’t already know, but gives me an excuse to gaze at him like I’m hypnotized. Which I suppose I am, just a little.
Okay, maybe more than a little.
Derek sits back, satisfied, and holds his cup up, signaling to the waitress, who’s no more than twenty and has been shamelessly checking him out, that he wants a refill. She’s at our table with the pot in ten seconds and gives him the kind of smile that’s usually reserved for wedding nights. When she’s done filling his cup, she glances at mine like I’m something she wiped off her shoe, and offers an insincere courtesy smile – the type you get from car rental agents or stewardesses, about as warm as a crocodile eyeing a bunny.
“More?” she asks me as she returns her gaze to Derek, who seems oblivious to her.
“Sure. And the bill, please.”
She whips a pad from her apron and thumbs through it. When she gets to our ticket, she tears it off and hands it to Derek. I’m half convinced she signed it with a little smiley face and her phone number. Probably Candi or Brandi or one of the other should-end-in-y names.
My inner bitterness dissolves when Derek slips a few ones under the sugar and stands.
“I’ll be right back,” he says, and every female eye in the place follows him to the cash register.
Being with the hottest guy in the state comes at a high emotional cost if you’re prone to jealous thoughts, which I try not to be. I mean, it’s not like we’re married. We haven’t even kissed. Which I’ve begun to change my mind about from the prior week, when I dismissed anything smacking of romance as an unnecessary complication. I’ve gone from trying to figure out how to avoid it to wondering about it most of my waking moments, which isn’t doing me any good. If Derek’s on the same wavelength, he should forget about the talent show and go make bank playing poker in Vegas, because he’s inscrutable, and it’s slowly driving me crazy. I’m not the kind to make the first move, and apparently using my psychic powers to will him to make it isn’t working.
He returns, and I give him my blank stare. Two can play the stone-face game – I’ve got a Ph.D. in detachment, earned from years of surviving in a toxic home. Derek’s got nothing on me in that department. I do wonder, though, why he hasn’t even tried anything. I mean, I’m not an expert on the male of the species, but based on my limited encounters with horny examples and Melody’s extensive recounting of her dating life, guys are always chomping at the bit to get busy, and it’s the girl’s job to fend them off.
So much for my female intuition. I get more of a reaction from the Korean grocer by Melody’s, and he’s a hundred and six.
Derek glances at his watch. “She should be here any minute. You ready to head outside?”
It’s a gorgeous late summer day in Denver. The mountain air is warm but crisp from the altitude, and the surrounding snow-capped mountains thrust into the sky like broken teeth. I nod. “Sure. Lead the way.”
Even after pulling an all-nighter with Gus, Derek hasn’t complained about being tired once. I miss some sleep and I mewl like a lost kitten. Yet another way we’re opposites, which is supposed to result in mutual attraction. So much for that. Because one-sided attraction sucks, I can now say with conviction.
He shoulders his bag and hefts his guitar, and I follow him out into the parking lot, noting that his jeans fit better than anyone’s I’ve seen. I’m so busy admiring the view that I almost run into him when he stops abruptly. He’s watching a woman about my size, probably late thirties, with long auburn hair pulled back in a ponytail, wearing cargo pants, a long-sleeved Pink concert shirt, and hiking boots.
“You Gus’s friends?” she asks as she approaches. Gus gave her a description, and we’re the only black-clad teens in sight.
Derek smiles. “Helen?”
“Yup.”
We introduce ourselves and follow her to her truck, a bright yellow Mack Pinnacle with an aggressive snout and highly polished rims. She watches as we load our gear into the sleeper cab, and then Derek gives her one of his heart-stopping grins.
“Do you mind if I catch a few winks? I’m afraid Gus and I stayed up all night,” he explains, and her face crinkles as she returns the smile.
“Sure thing, sweetie. It’s going to be eight hundred miles, so might as well grab your Zs where you can.”
I look Helen over. “Are you going to drive it in one stretch?”
“Sure. With a few potty breaks, I can clock it in twelve hours. Which should put us in at” – she checks the time – “around midnight.”
“I wish I could help you drive or something,” I say.
Helen laughs. “Don’t worry, darlin’. Just keep me company. Breaks up the monotony.”
She winds through the gears, and soon we’re on the freeway barreling east. I look back at Derek. He’s fast asleep on the little bed. Helen busies herself with chatting on the radio in what sounds like some kind of alien language, and then turns her attention to me.
“So what’s your story, Sage? Gus said you started out in San Francisco?”
I nod. “That’s right. Yesterday morning.” Has it only been one day? We’ve already passed through four states in a little over twenty-four hours.
“Gus is mighty impressed by your singing.”
I try not to blush. “He’s a great guy.”
She smiles again, and I decide I like her. “That he is.” She glances over at me. “So tell me the story of your life. What you’re running from, or running to.” Her eyes roam to the mirror and Derek.
“Well, there’s not a lot to tell. It’s pretty boring, actually.”
“Try staring at this road for a dozen hours a day. You want boring? I’ll show you boring. Don’t be shy, honey. Let’s start with where you grew up. Your family. Whatever you want to talk about. I’ll tell you mine if you tell me yours.”
I laugh. “It’s really not that interesting.”
“Where were you born?”
I sigh. She’s relentless, so I might as well get this over with. “Clear Lake, California. Land of nothing ever happens.”
She nods. “Been through it a few times. Good breakfast places. Hell of a road getting in and out, though.”
“Yeah, it’s a complete map stain. If you’ve been there, you know there’s not a lot to tell.”
“Oh, I don’t know. I’ve found that every town has its high points and its secrets, no matter where you go, if you know how to pay attention and keep an open mind.”
I tell her about growing up, and gloss over my dad disappearing without a trace when I was ten. Unfortunately, Helen’s radar’s finely tuned, and she doesn’t let me off easy.
“What? He just up and left, and you never heard from him since?” she says skeptically.
“Nope. But I’m over it. He couldn’t take my mom anymore. If I could have disappeared, I would have too.”
She frowns. “Sometimes adults suck.”
“No kidding.”
That kills the conversation faster than a fart. I watch the landscape go by, the mountains gorgeous, the sky such a vivid cobalt blue that it seems unreal. Eventually Helen tries again.
“Tell me about this talent contest.”
“I don’t know much more about it than what I read on the Internet. It’s the first year, it’s a new concept, and first prize is a recording contract and half a million bucks.”
“That’s a lot of guitar strings.”
“I’ll say.”
“When are the tryouts?”
“Next Monday. We already registered online.”
“There must be thousands of people that want a shot at that.”
I nod. “There are. They already had auditions on the West Coast and in Texas and Chicago. This is the last stop, and then there are six weeks of weekly shows. The last week’s the finals. Derek calls it the death match.”
“How do they judge it?”
“Typical format. Three celebrity judges on the first three elimination rounds. Then it’s a combination of them and the phone-in audience.”
“How many acts make it into the contest?”
“I think they cap it at fifty – ten per city. This show’s supposed to be different than the other ones, because it’s a super short season and it’s only singers. The judging’s supposed to be really stringent. That’s the whole hook. America’s Top Talent. Not America’s most clueless hams, which is what a lot of the other shows seem like.”
“That’s exciting. Crossing the country to chase your dream. I wish I was young again.” Helen clears her throat and tilts her head at the sleeper cab. “What about him?”
“Derek? He’s from Seattle.”
“Right. But how about the two of you?” She hesitates. “How old are you, Sage?”
I’m embarrassed, but I don’t know exactly why. “Old enough.”
“Come on. Give.”
“Seventeen. My birthday’s New Year’s Day.”
“Wow. At least that’s not hard to remember.”
“Yeah, I overheard my dad say it was the last New Year’s my mom was ever sober.” I have no idea why I’m confiding in a complete stranger. Maybe because it’s easier to tell someone you know you’ll never see again your dark secrets when you can’t keep them inside anymore. You can’t tell your friends, or you’ll always wonder whether they’re thinking about them when they look at you. Or if they’ll use them against you.
Helen frowns slightly. “I’m sorry to hear that, Sage. Life can be too much for some people, and they take what they think’s going to be the easy way out.”
“Tell me about it. I’ve seen it all living on the street.”
Helen’s voice drops to a confidential level. “I have a brother. He’s homeless now. I haven’t heard from him for over a year. Don’t know if he’s even still alive. I saw it building for years, but he always seemed to have it under control…until one day I guess he didn’t.” She sighs. “But back to my question. What’s the deal with you and Derek?”
I twist around to make sure he’s still asleep. His chest is rising and falling steadily. He’s out. Still, I lower my voice. “There’s no deal. We’re just working together.”
“He’s…on the street, too?”
I nod. “Yeah. But he copes with it a lot better than I do.” I hesitate. “Then again, he’s older, and he’s got a lot more practice.”
“Listen, don’t take this the wrong way. I know I’m nosy. But when I saw you two together, and the way you look at him…are you sure there’s nothing more than singing going on?”
When I answer, my voice is glum. “Positive.”
Helen stays silent for a solid minute, which is a record since I met her. She turns to me and fixes me with a penetrating stare.
“Is that how you want it?”
What do I say now? How do I answer that? Do I tell her that I didn’t want anything to do with him when I met him a whole week ago, and now I’m having naked showering dreams? Or that there’s nothing I want more at the moment than to feel his lips on mine, but he runs hot and cold, and sends out enough confusing signals to jam my head up for a lifetime?
I almost do, but then at the last second I deflect. “We’ve only been together for a little while. If something winds up happening, it’ll happen. I’m not going to try to force it.”
Helen appraises me, clearly unconvinced. “That’s a very mature answer. I don’t know at seventeen if I’d have been able to say the same thing. Even now it would probably be as phony as a three-dollar bill.”
I’m starting to get uncomfortable with the discussion, which she must sense. But she gives it one more try. “Maybe he’s not sure what you want, Sage. Sometimes women confuse the hell out of men.”
Touché. I’m not even sure what I want.
Helen continues. “When I was younger, I did the same kind of thing with the men in my life. I’d wait for one to make a move so I could be the one to react rather than risk being hurt – that way I could avoid being completely honest with myself until that exact moment, and then if I blew him off, it wasn’t me being rejected, it was him. It’s a head game. All about power.” She swallows hard, and her voice is so soft it’s almost drowned out by the engine noise. “But sometimes to get what you want, you have to risk it all. Just like you’re doing now. Nothing comes easy, and if you want to be safe your entire life, you can miss out on the things that make it worth living.”
I don’t say anything. It’s obvious by her tone that she’s thinking about her past, where maybe there was a Derek that got away. The thought makes me unaccountably sad, and I don’t mind when she turns on the radio, even if it’s Willie Nelson, who I can’t stand.
Every mile is leading me closer to the biggest risk I’ve ever taken, but it doesn’t feel that way at all. For me, the really high stakes are in the back of the truck cab, asleep. I listen to Willie croon about love gone wrong and the end of innocence, and it strikes me that I never bothered to listen to his lyrics before, because right now, he could be singing to an audience of one. I choke down the lump that’s rising in my throat and close my eyes, willing the tears away.
If it’s meant to be with Derek and me, it’ll happen. I have to believe that, because the alternative feels like my heart’s being ripped out of my chest. It doesn’t seem possible that he’s had this powerful an effect in only a week, but there’s no denying the sensations that are overloading me. I silently pray that Helen will just leave it alone, or I’ll be bawling all the way to St. Louis.
 
Chapter 17
The cities we’ve passed through were just dots on a map when we started the trip, but as we arrive at the truck stop on the edge of St. Louis, there’s a blanket of lights spread out before me, stretching as far as I can see.
Derek stirred awake as it was getting dark, and after a quick pit stop and a fast dinner, we serenaded Helen for a few hours, Derek on guitar, me with my harmonica. We quit a half hour ago, but not before it was obvious she was impressed, which gave me a swell of pride. I want Helen to see I’m not some clueless kid running off on a lark, and she looks convinced as she pulls into a stall next to a hundred other big rigs.
Helen turns to me and shuts off the engine.
“This is where I’m putting up for the night. It was a real pleasure meeting both of you, and I hope you win the contest. God knows you can both sing like nobody’s business.”
Derek hands me our bags and guitars and hops out of the cab, stretching his legs, arms extended overhead. I don’t see how Helen does it – sitting for twelve hours, day after day. She mentioned at one point that she clocked over three hundred twenty-five days behind the wheel last year, and this year would beat it.
She climbs down and rounds the front of the truck, and we say our good-byes. She gave me her cell number somewhere around the middle of Kansas, and reminds me for the fourth time: “If you get into a real jam and need a ride, call. I know truckers all over the country.” Helen hugs me for a long moment and, just before she lets go, murmurs in my ear, “Don’t be like me, honey. Go out and grab what you want and never let go. You don’t want to spend your life looking in the rearview mirror wondering about what could have been.”
Derek gets a hug too, and then we’re walking into the restaurant while Helen locks herself into her rig for another night on the road. Compared to Bull’s, her cab’s a five-star hotel with room service, but that’s not saying much.
It’s my turn to be tired, but I pull out a sheaf of papers I printed out at the Internet café in San Francisco and study the map. Derek opts for a cup of coffee and a cinnamon roll while I order an orange juice and eye the network of roads stretching east.
Our drinks come in a blink, and I’m trying to read the city names on the crappy printout when I pause. I look across the table at Derek, who’s attacking the pastry like it stole his wallet.
“Where did you say your idol lived?”
He looks at me quizzically. “My idol?”
“You know. The King.”
“Oh, Elvis. Graceland. It’s famous.”
“Right. In Tennessee.”
“Yup.”
He doesn’t get it. I wouldn’t if I didn’t have the map in front of me. I wait for him to guess why I’m suddenly perky, but he’s returned to his systematic demolition of the roll. I lean forward and waggle my eyebrows.
“We’re only a couple of hundred miles from Memphis.”
I wait for the news to sink in. He pauses with a chunk of cinnamon roll speared on his fork. “That can’t be right. It’s in the South. We’re in the middle of the country.”
I nod. “Correct on both counts. But St. Louis is only two hundred, maybe two-fifty, tops, from Memphis. From Graceland.”
He pops the bite into his mouth and chews thoughtfully. “What are you thinking?”
“We allowed eight days to get to New York. Tomorrow’s day three, and we’re more than halfway to the East Coast. If we don’t take forever there, we can probably afford a little detour to Memphis. It’s really not that far. Four hours. Maybe less.” I pause. “I just thought it might be nice, seeing as you’ve got Elvis inked on your arm for the rest of your life.”
His face breaks into the trademark Derek smile, and I feel almost as happy as I am exhausted. The two sensations are battling for supremacy, and after putting up a good fight, happy bows out and tired takes over. As he takes another sip of coffee, I drain my OJ and close my eyes for a second.
“We should find someplace you can crash for a while, Sage. Nobody’s going to pick up hitchhikers in the middle of the night. At least nobody we’d want to ride with.”
I nod. It sounds like a splendid idea right now. “You need to sleep, too.”
“I got enough in the truck. You can rest till dawn, and then we can trade off. I’ve already proven I can sleep through anything.”
We pay the bill and go back into the warm night. The air smells like diesel exhaust, wet hay, and water from the nearby Mississippi River. Derek leads me to a small utility building, retrieves his sleeping bag from his rucksack, and lays it on the grass. “Here you go. It’ll be just like old times in the park.”
I offer him an appreciative smile and set my backpack and Yam down. “Seriously? You’re just going to sit there and watch me sleep?”
His half smirk plays at the edge of his mouth. “You’d do the same for me. And I’ll be keeping an eye out, not staring at you.” His tone says ‘get over yourself, already,’ and my urge to try to kiss him good night evaporates. I’m not at my most sociable when I’m running on empty, so instead of a lip-lock I shift my backpack under my head, pull my black knit cap over my eyes, and close them. The muted roar of long-range trucks moving down the freeway hums me a lullaby, the stars a roof over my head.
“Sage, you dead?” Derek’s voice wakes me, and I lick my lips, push the cap up, and open my eyes. The truck stop’s on the southern outskirts of St. Louis, and I watch horsetails of neon pink and amber glow in the eastern sky as the sun rises over the muddy river. I sit up and look at Derek, still half asleep.
“Don’t get your hopes up,” I say. My voice sounds hoarse.
“You want to go use the bathroom before I do? Figure a couple of hours of sleep and I should be good, but all that coffee…”
I yawn and feel my cheek and then shake my head disgustedly. “Tell me I don’t have backpack lines all over my face.”
His expression goes dead serious, but he can’t hide the merriment dancing in his eyes. “You want the truth?”
“Never mind. It was rhetorical.”
“You’re still the most beautiful singer sleeping on the grass in St. Louis.”
He definitely knows how to start my day with a bang. “You can’t possibly be sure of that unless you’ve seen all singers sleeping on the grass here. So you’re just blowing smoke,” I say, but I’m beaming ear to ear. I never get tired of Derek telling me I’m beautiful. Which stops me as I rise. I’ve never told him how handsome he is. And this is…this is twice he’s told me I’m beautiful. Which could be what he says to all his girls, an ugly little voice in my head taunts, but I shut it down. Let me have this. Don’t screw it up.
I’m summoning up the courage to give him a morning peck on the cheek, and then realize that without any toothbrushing that might not play so well. Instead, I lift my backpack and slowly roll my head to loosen a kink in my neck.
“I’ll be right back,” I mutter and turn before he can say anything more.
The restroom is exactly what I expect, and I feel like I need to bathe in bleach after using it. I can only imagine what the men’s room is like, and my thoughts flit to Helen, whose life is filled with these little slices of heaven on a daily basis.
I consider my reflection in the chipped mirror. I was expecting worse. I decide Derek’s just trying to be nice with the compliments – whatever beautiful looks like, it isn’t what’s staring back at me.
I do my best to take a sink bath using liquid soap from the grimy dispenser and moist paper towels. After a final glance at myself, I return to where Derek’s waiting.
“Want me to bring you back some coffee?” he asks as he shoulders his rucksack.
“That would be awesome.” My mouth wants to say something more, but my brain’s still groggy and doesn’t comply. I curse silently as he turns and strides to the restrooms – yet another opportunity to dazzle him with my brilliance gone forever.
He’s back in half the time I took, looking all kinds of great, a steaming cup of St. Louis’ finest in his fist. He hands the coffee to me and drops onto the sleeping bag with a loud sigh. “Tell the trucks to be quiet for a while, okay?” he says and then rolls over onto his right side.
I text Melody about our progress and am quickly out of things to do – there’s no way she’s up yet with the time difference, and I don’t know anybody else to bug. As of now, my circle extends to the enigmatic hunk of dudeness sleeping a few feet away and Melody. I don’t know whether to be sad or relieved she’s not awake, because I really don’t want to have to explain why after two days on the road with Derek, nothing’s happened. I can imagine her disgusted expression as she reads it – she’d have closed the deal within a half hour, tops.
The sun’s beginning its slow arc into the morning sky, pulling many of the trucks onto the highway for another relentless day’s drive.
I open Yam’s case and busy myself changing the strings, but I’m restless, whether from the coffee or my inner dialogue and doubts, I’m not sure. I’ve perfected the fine art of driving myself slowly crazy with second guesses and recriminations, and I’m at my worst when I’m alone in my head.
Two hours later it’s getting uncomfortably hot, and Derek stirs before rolling toward me. I peer at him over the top of my book.
“Feeling better?” I ask.
“Yeah. I kind of needed that.” He looks around at the lot, which is now ninety percent empty. “Let’s grab some food and then hit it. Memphis waits for no man.”
Breakfast is interchangeable with the other truck stops we’ve been in, and by the time I’m done, I can feel grease coagulating in my veins. We start walking south along the frontage road and stop by the on-ramp, me with my thumb out. It’s almost an hour before a car stops – an eighties sedan that’s more rust than body. The driver’s a white guy with that weird bald ponytail thing that some old codgers try to pull off. Gray strands are carefully strung across his tanned bald spot like piano wire. He looks me up and down and then switches to Derek, taking a long, appraising glance before he rolls down the passenger window.
“Where you headed?” he asks, as stale nicotine wafts from the car.
“Memphis,” I say.
“Only headed to Sikeston. Get you ’bout halfway there,” he says.
Derek approaches the car and gives the driver the once-over. He nods. “That would be great.”
We toss our stuff onto the back seat, and I climb in. Derek takes the passenger seat. I check the side of the open door to make sure the child lock is turned off before I close it – I want to be able to get out quickly if I have to.
The car smells like an ashtray. There’s a film of brown crud on everything from decades of smoking, and I do my best to ignore it – a ride’s a ride, and if the driver wants to poison himself, it’s not my problem.
Derek strikes up a conversation. The man’s name is Ben, and he’s lived here all his life. He wants to know what we’re up to, so Derek tells him about the show. Unlike Helen and Gus, he seems only marginally interested in our story. Derek offers him twenty bucks toward gas, and ol’ Ben livens up. I can tell he’s happy because he stops chain-smoking long enough to take the money.
When he drops us off near the intersection of the highway that veers off to Sikeston, I smell like I crawled in through a garbage dump and fought my way out through cigarette butts.
“Tell me that wasn’t frigging gross,” I complain, and Derek nods.
“Pretty evil.” He looks around. Not a lot of traffic, which isn’t promising. We’re still well over a hundred miles from Memphis, which will be a long walk if nobody picks us up.
This is farm country, and for as far as we can see, there’s nothing but fields stretching to infinity on the flat plain. The sun’s blistering and it’s muggy. Within a half hour I can feel myself getting sunburned, but there’s not a lot I can do about it. The cars that do come by don’t even slow down, and by noon we’re both questioning the wisdom of our detour.
“Maybe we should try down the road?” I venture, wiping sweat from my brow with the back of my arm.
“We better do something, because we’ve been here almost two hours and we’re dead in the water,” he agrees. “I wonder if there’s anything south of us? I didn’t see anything promising north, did you?”
“Just corn. Lots and lots of corn.”
“Problem is, we can’t walk down the highway. So we’ll have to find something that parallels it and keep our eyes peeled.”
“That sucks,” I say and notice that there’s no more talk about how beautiful I am now. Fortunately I’m a good walker – it’s one of the few pastimes you have as a homeless person that’s both free and good for you.
We head toward Sikeston and stop at a gas station. The attendant tells us that our best bet is a truck stop about seven miles south – the Flying J. He says a lot of travelers stop there for lunch, and that if we’re lucky, we can make it in a couple of hours. I exchange a dark glance with Derek, who’s obviously as happy as I am with our predicament. The guy tells us there’s a country road that runs along the freeway, so we backtrack and begin our forced march, every mile as uncomfortable as any I’ve walked, with the heat and stifling humidity.
A line of plum-colored thunderheads are gathering on the horizon by the time we make it to the Flying J, and we squander another fifteen dollars on crappy food while we debate our options. Derek makes a good case for staying at the truck stop, so after I buy a tube of 70 SPF sunblock and slather it on my face and arms, we settle in for the afternoon, tired, dusty, feet sore, stuck between nowhere and nothing, on the road to Memphis.
 
Chapter 18
We score a ride at two thirty from three church ladies in a Suburban, who seem taken with Derek and chatter with him all the way to Memphis. They’re sweet, but the combination of sunburn and fatigue have sucked my will to live, and I doze while we rumble south, leaving it to Derek to play entertainment committee. He’s naturally good at it, and by the time we arrive in the city center, they’re all best friends, advising us on where to eat, what parts of town to stay clear of, things to see at Graceland.
They drop us off near the Mississippi River, and we make our way to the water, where hopefully there’s a breeze. Memphis is nothing like I pictured, with skyscrapers, a massive glass pyramid, and BMWs racing down wide boulevards, all alongside old-fashioned trolley cars and centuries-old buildings.
A woman handing out religious pamphlets proclaiming that Jesus is a-comin’ any day now tells us that Graceland closes at five o’clock, so our all-day ordeal got us here too late to see it.
“What do you want to do, Derek?” I ask. He’s staring down the street.
“Let’s head over there. It looks like a park. Maybe we can find some shade and hang out.”
The park’s a big square, and there are a decent number of pedestrians out, so we decide to play for a few hours and see if we can earn back some lunch money. We tune up, and I dig out my blanket, and in just under an hour we’ve made six bucks – not great, but better than nothing, and it’s not like we have anywhere to go. I calculate that we can probably make enough to pay for a fleabag motel if we play for eight hours – a depressing thought.
Still, every time Derek smiles during one of our harmonies, my heart sings in time with my voice, and my mind turns to us. It’s all I’ve been thinking about the entire day, but I’m no closer to deciding what to do than I was when I woke up. I’m feeling sorry for myself. It shouldn’t be this hard. He should just grab me, kiss me, and get it over with.
Unless all the talk about how beautiful I am is just that. I can’t figure Derek out – one minute he’s flattering me and sending obvious signals, and then the next it’s like I’m his little sister. I begin to feel frustration turning to anger, and remind myself that, just as I have a running commentary going on in my head, so does he – and I’ve got no idea what his is saying.
We’re finishing up a Doobie Brothers song when an explosion of exhaust roars from the street and a redneck voice shouts at us, “Get a job, shitheads!”
I look up. There’s a moron hanging out the window of a blue Dodge pickup with oversized tires, his face red. Friendly place, Memphis, I think as my anger surges, and I flip him off. I’ve heard it all before, and what idiots like him don’t seem to realize is that I have a job – I’m a musician, and it’s one of the toughest ways I can think of to make a living.
I’m not a vagrant or a bum. I don’t want charity. There’s effort and skill involved, which is why people toss their money into the case. I entertain them, and if I do it competently enough, they pay me for a job well done. Just because I’m not changing tires or working in a factory doesn’t mean what I do doesn’t have value. I realize I’m getting furious, going from calm to pissed in seconds flat.
“Just ignore them,” Derek warns and locks his eyes on mine. “You okay?”
I nod. “Yeah. Sorry. I shouldn’t let it get to me.”
“You’re only human. It bugs me too.” He grins. “Don’t worry. Pretty soon we’ll be on TV, and then we’ll be trying to figure out how to spend our half million while that doofus is still working at Jiffy Lube.”
I strum a chord and fiddle with the tuning of my high E. Of course he’s right. Derek’s always right, it seems. I wish I had his calm confidence, that assurance that’s so attractive, but I don’t. I can fake it, play tough, but inside I’ve got more contradictions going on than anyone I know.
“Let’s hope so. Don’t worry. I’ll get over it. At least we’ve got proof they make idiots in Tennessee just like they do back home.”
“New, improved idiots. Now with twenty percent more idiot,” he intones.
“I could practically hear him breathing through his mouth,” I agree.
We play for another hour, and things pick up. We’ve made twenty dollars, but it’s getting dark, and flashes of dry lightning are streaking across the sky to the west. The storm we saw earlier has advanced, and we’ll need to find shelter or get soaked. The pedestrian traffic has thinned, and the few people still on the street are hurrying. The air’s heavy with moisture, and as we set our guitars into their cases, a low boom of thunder explodes nearby.
I’m pulling on my backpack when Derek grabs my arm. “Uh-oh.” I look up and see two men beelining for us from across the park. I recognize one of them – the shouter from the truck.
My eyes saucer. “Shit. Let’s get out of here.”
“Too late. Stay here,” he says, and then he’s up, walking toward them as they near, his shoulders square. The shouter’s about the same size as Derek, but the driver’s a monster, probably six three. Fear shoots through me as they approach, and Derek picks up his pace.
The rednecks slow as they get a better look at Derek in his motorcycle jacket, and the driver seems to be having second thoughts when the shouter closes the final ten feet and throws a punch. Derek ducks it, and then everything seems to happen fast. He kicks the shouter in the ribs and follows it with a punch to the face, and before the bigger guy can react, his friend’s howling, holding his nose, blood streaming between his fingers. The driver bellows and rushes Derek, and I stifle a scream as he lands a blow on the side of Derek’s head.
Derek’s knees buckle, but he’s still standing, and he reacts in a blur of motion, raining punches on the big man. I can hear the smack of skin on skin, and then the shouter’s back up and tries to take Derek down, lunging for his waist. Derek sidesteps him and knees him in the solar plexus. He goes down hard, the wind knocked out of him, and his companion swings a wild punch at Derek’s head. He sees it coming and dodges it, and then spins and levels a brutal kick at the big man’s beer gut. When it connects, I can practically hear him deflate, and he sinks to his knees in slow motion, holding his stomach, obviously stunned.
The shouter makes a final try for Derek’s legs and gets a foot in the face for his reward, and now both thugs are on the ground, going nowhere anytime soon.
The whole thing didn’t take more than fifteen seconds, but felt like an eternity. When Derek returns, he’s breathing hard and his lip’s bleeding, but otherwise he appears okay. He glances over his shoulder at where the two men are lying on the grass. Near the street, two women are pointing at us, hands over their mouths, expressions of shock on their faces. When Derek speaks, his tone’s tight.
“Grab your stuff and let’s move. Hurry.”
I don’t need to be told twice. I grab my backpack as he snags his rucksack, and we jog to the corner of the park and cross the street. His ear’s swelling, and I can see the beginning of a bruise on his cheekbone. He licks away the blood on his lip and winces.
“They won’t be down long. We need to get clear of this area, because those types will have friends, and when they come back, they’ll be hunting us in a pack.”
“I’m all for that.” Thunder booms again, and the air now has that electric tension that immediately precedes a downpour. “Are you okay?”
“Yeah. No problem.”
We hurry down the street to the next block and turn the corner. Traffic’s thinned to nothing as rush hour fades, and the business district’s almost empty. We’re almost to the end of the block when Derek cocks his head. “Hear that?”
I don’t know what he’s talking about. “No. What?”
“That Dodge has some kind of glass-pack muffler. Distinctive sound.”
I study his profile. “No way.”
He nods. “They recovered faster than I thought. I must be losing my touch.” He regards his knuckles, which are bleeding. “Next time I’ll use a brick.”
“Where to?” I ask.
“Shit,” he says and pulls me into a doorway. “They just turned down this street.”
He’s holding me close, my head on his chest. I’ve now got the physical intimacy I’ve been hoping for all day, but it couldn’t be in worse circumstances. I can hear the truck now, close. If they’re doing a street-by-street search, we literally have no chance unless a miracle happens.
And I don’t believe in miracles.
 
Chapter 19
We hug the wall, and Derek whispers in my ear, so close I can feel his breath on my cheek.
“Crouch down. Maybe we’ll get lucky and they won’t see us.”
I do as he says, and now we’re side by side, his arm around me, his eyes alert and shining with a hard light I’ve never seen before. His muscles are tense, and I can tell he’s gearing up for another attack – only this time on an empty street, and likely with tire irons or a baseball bat.
I’m sure we’re dead, and then an explosion like a bomb going off echoes off the buildings. Raindrops the size of golf balls pour from the heavens in sheets of heavy rain that blow down the street in a gray curtain. We’re dry in the recess of the doorway, but the air’s opaque from the downpour. A bright flash of lightning trees through the clouds overhead, followed closely by a blast of thunder so loud it shakes the foundations.
The Dodge rolls past us, its wipers working furiously, and we can barely make it out. I decide to reevaluate my beliefs about the miraculous as its taillights disappear into the haze. It’s quiet now except for the steady tattoo of rain on the street and occasional thunder. I’m thankful that we’re safe for now, in the shelter of the doorway of an anonymous office building closed for the night.
“Big noise, huh?” Derek says, and I nod and start breathing again. I’ve been unconsciously holding my breath since Derek pulled me in, and I’m getting dizzy. We watch the rain washing down in heavy bursts like the pulsing of a heart, and I shiver even though it’s hot out. He feels the shudder run through me and holds me tighter, and suddenly it’s hotter where I’m sitting.
“Yeah. You think they’ll give up?” I ask, turning my face toward him. The perspiration on his chin is only inches away. If I was Melody, I’d lick it. The thought comes and goes in an instant, but once I’ve had it, I can never un-have it, and I wonder how he’d react if I did. He’s so close. All I’d have to do is lean in, just a tiny bit…
“Probably. They got some nice bumps. If it was me, I’d be heading to get some ice. My guess is they’re gone. But that’s not our only problem.”
“What?” I ask, my impulse stopped mid-slurp.
“I wouldn’t be surprised if they call the cops.”
Damn. I hadn’t thought of that. I’ve been too busy trying to figure out how to maneuver Derek into a romantic moment while we’re running for our lives. I immediately feel guilty and selfish. What’s wrong with me?
He peers out into the deluge and then tenses.
“What is it?” I ask.
“A taxi. His light’s on. We should get as far away as we can while there’s still time. Anyone hunting for us will be looking for a couple of street people near the park.”
Thank God one of us is thinking. Derek stands and darts from the doorway and flags down the cab.
The driver pops the trunk. I shake off the rain and get in the car as Derek loads our junk, and then he slides in next to me. The driver looks at us expectantly after flipping the meter on.
“What’s the best area to pick up a ride out of town?” Derek asks.
“What do you mean, pick up a ride?” the driver asks, suspicion obvious.
“Hitching,” Derek explains.
“Which way?”
“East.”
The driver’s face hardens, and his eyes dart to the rearview mirror. “You got money for my fare?”
“Of course.”
“Lemme see it.”
Derek sighs and digs out a twenty-dollar bill. The driver nods. “For five more bucks, I’ll take you to the country club. There’s a big shopping center there. Lots of cars. On Isaac Hayes.”
“Come again?” Derek asks.
“Isaac Hayes highway. Runs east. It’s about fifteen miles from here.”
Derek nods. “Let’s go.”
The driver turns the meter off. “Normally it would run over thirty, but with this weather I’m feeling generous.”
Right. More like his chances of picking up a fare in the storm are close to zero, and since we’ve just announced we don’t know the area, he’s going to turn an eighteen-dollar ride into twenty-five. I start to say something, but Derek grabs my hand and squeezes. His message is clear: Don’t open your big fat mouth.
I resist my impulse and squeeze back. His hands are so much bigger than mine. And yet as nimble as a surgeon’s when he’s playing guitar. My impression is that his fingers are talented in more ways than one, and I’m thinking about just going for it and kissing him when I catch a look at myself in the driver’s mirror. I look like a wet rat, my hair soaked from the rain.
I give Derek a sidelong glance. His lip’s split, but the blood’s drying. I’m betting that only one person in the car is obsessed with kissing right now, and it’s not Derek or the driver. I sigh and lean back in the seat, enjoying the feel of his skin pressed against mine, my heart thumping in time with the wipers as the downpour beats on the roof of the car.
“I’m sorry, Derek,” I whisper. He turns to me.
“About what?”
“I shouldn’t have flipped them off. I know better.”
“They deserved it. They were looking for trouble.”
“Maybe, but I gave them what they wanted, and you had to fight because of me.”
He shakes his head. “I had to fight because a couple of violent assholes decided to pick on people they thought were helpless.”
“How’s your lip?”
“This is nothing. I used to get way worse from my brother.”
“Is that where you learned to fight?”
He laughs. “You could say that. But I don’t go looking for trouble, and I don’t enjoy fighting. Some people get a kick out of it.” His face changes for a split second and then returns to normal. “Not me.”
I see a flash of something I can’t describe in his eyes. Fleeting, but there. Pain? Bad memories? I want to ask how he broke his nose, but I don’t. It doesn’t feel like the right time. I reach up and touch his face, and he squints.
“It’s swelling,” I say.
“I guarantee they look worse than I do.”
“I believe it.” I hesitate. “Did you get into fights in Seattle?”
“A couple. But I learned pretty quickly that it’s smarter to avoid most fights than to get into them. Nobody’s there to do stitches or ice your face when it’s pouring rain and you’re broke. And you never know if the other guy’s going to pull a knife.” He looks lost for a moment and then gives me his smirk. “You know how it is.”
I try to imagine what it would be like to have someone come at me with a knife, but I can’t. I’ve never been in a fight, so I have no frame of reference. The truth is that the closest I’ve ever come to being in one was just now, with Derek in the park. I’m a complete wuss under my street-girl toughness, but I’ll never let on. I spent way too much time building that hard exterior, like some kind of conflict-avoidant beetle with anxiety issues.
“Did anyone ever do that? Come at you with a knife?” I ask.
“Once.” He stares off through the window at the storm.
I frown. “What happened?”
He sighs and shrugs, like it’s no big deal. “It was some crack head in Vegas. It didn’t last long. He didn’t have a chance – he was trying to rip me off, but his reflexes were slow.” He pauses. “I put him in the hospital. I’m not proud of it. I kind of lost it and kept going after he was already down.”
I don’t want to think about Derek being violent, and now I’m sorry I asked. My mind automatically diverts to Ralph – Ralph hitting me, lashing out over real or imagined misbehavior. And my mom, always siding with him, too drunk to care most of the time, every day with me around a reminder of the husband who left her. I close my eyes, trying to banish the visions of their fights, Ralph screaming at her, she screaming back, always drunk, nothing ever resolving, and inevitably Ralph taking his anger out on the daughter who hated his guts.
I must have made some sound unconsciously, because Derek squeezes my hand again and pushes my wet hair out of my face. I lean my head back, willing him to do more, to caress me or kiss me, but nothing happens. I open my eyes, and he’s a thousand miles away, gazing through the window at the downpour, lost in his thoughts.
I manage a smile and wiggle my fingers in his hand. “So much for Graceland and Elvis, huh?”
He shrugs. “It’s just a house. Actually kind of creepy when celebrities name their houses, you know? Like Michael Jackson? I don’t know about you, but when I make my first billion, I’m totally not going to name any of my properties.”
“You’re a rebel. Nobody’s going to tell you what to do.”
“Damn right. Conventions be damned.”
“You’re thinking about having conventions at your house? How big a place are we talking?”
“Massive. It’ll even have electricity and plumbing. And real beds.”
“Just don’t let Bull build it for you.”
He laughs, and his funk is broken. “Or handle the janitorial stuff.”
“Or touch anything.”
“Ever.”
We cross a bridge over the Wolf River, and the rain lessens, slowing from monsoon level to normal freak storm intensity. I lean on Derek’s shoulder. The leather of his jacket is wet, but I don’t care. I feel a powerful surge of closeness to him that I don’t want to end, so I leave him to his thinking, my head on his arm, strangely content even as we leave Memphis, possibly with the cops on our tail, our future as uncertain as ever – but with each other.
Which makes it all better, if only for a moment.
 
Chapter 20
We wait out the storm at a Chinese restaurant in the shopping center and share a large helping of kung pao chicken and fried rice. It’s dark by the time the cloudbursts are over, and we reluctantly emerge from the climate-controlled restaurant into the muggy stifle of a late summer Tennessee night.
A maroon Buick sedan picks us up and gets us as far as a rest stop between Nashville and Knoxville at half past one in the morning, where the talkative self-declared traveling salesman driver turns off the highway to disappear into the night. There aren’t many cars on the road, so the area’s eerily quiet. The surrounding mountains are still, blanketed in fog. I’m just thankful that it’s not pouring down rain – I can deal with a night sleeping on a concrete picnic bench, but it really sucks in the rain.
We have the rest stop to ourselves, so we drop our stuff by one of the tables, and Derek goes to the bathroom to rinse away any remaining dried blood and wash up. I sit back, tired and cranky now that my brilliant idea of going to Memphis turned into an epic disaster. There’s no cell service in the hills, so I content myself with staring at the distant constellations, imagining how many other people around the world are also sitting watching the stars at that very moment.
Headlights bump down the access road, and a yellow Camaro pulls in and kills its engine. I look up when I hear the door slam and spot a rangy figure approaching from the car. It’s a man in his forties, his face lean and angular. I feel like an icy draft just blew through my soul when our eyes connect. When he smiles, I can make out in the moonlight that his teeth are crooked.
“Hey, little darlin’, whatchou doin’ out here in God’s country at this hour? Where’s your car?”
I debate telling him to blow it out his ass, and remember how well my middle finger did in Memphis, so decide to play nice.
“Don’t have one.”
He takes another step closer, and my creepdar alarm is screaming full tilt.
“You lookin’ for a date, is that it?”
I smell alcohol, and something else – a stink like rotting garbage. His breath.
“Wrong. I’m here with some people,” I say.
The man’s eyes roam over the empty lot, and he licks his lips and smiles. It reminds me of a special on Animal Planet about moray eels.
“Some people, huh?” He glances at the two bags – the guitars are on the other side, and it’s too dark for him to see them. “With just that? Come on. Don’t shit a shitter. How much for a little lovin’, sweetie?”
I try to keep my voice steady. I’m cringing now, calculating whether I can bolt to the left. “I’ve got AIDS and herpes, mister. And I’m on my period. You don’t want to mess with me.” I wish I had the can of pepper spray I’d taken from home, but I lost it at some point on one of my early scared nights in the park. Stupid, stupid, stupid.
He grabs my arms with a vice-like grip, and I scream. He clamps a hand over my mouth, and I try to bite him, but he’s smiling like a lunatic – he’s enjoying me frightened and fighting him.
“I like ’em with a little spirit, girl. You got a real mouth on you, don’t you? How ’bout I show you what we do to little whores with smart mouths in these parts?” he hisses in my ear. The stench is overpowering. I try to kick him and land one on his shin, but he just laughs. He removes his hand from my mouth and slaps me, hard.
My head jerks back, and tears well in my eyes… and then he’s sailing through the air, Derek on top of him. They land on the ground, hard, and I realize Derek must have flying tackled him. The pervert’s swinging at Derek, but he doesn’t stand a chance. Derek’s pummeling him, and I’m glad, but that changes to alarm as each blow sounds wet.
“Come on. That’s enough,” I say and grab his shoulders, but he shrugs me off and keeps pounding him. I grab his arm and hold it, but he keeps hitting the man with his other fist. “Derek!” I scream, really frightened now. If he keeps this up, he’ll kill him. I’m crying now. “Stop. Please. Just stop.”
Derek looks back at me like he’s coming out of a dream. The dark glow slowly fades from his eyes as he realizes what he’s done. He stares at his fists, bloody and ragged, and then slowly rises, moving like an old man. I look down at the pervert and gasp – he’s a mess, hardly recognizable, his nose flattened, his eyes swelling shut, his skin torn in a dozen places. Derek stalks away, breathing heavily, and after pacing back and forth halfway to the car, walks back, flexing his hands.
When he reaches us, he kneels down and frisks the driver. He finds his wallet and car keys, pulls out a business card and pockets it, and examines the license before tossing it onto the man’s chest.
“Well, Jerome T. Samuels, looks like you don’t hold up against anything tougher than a girl, huh? Guess that hillbilly white trash upbringing of yours didn’t prepare you for the real world.” Derek’s breathing is still ragged, and I can see him making an effort to fight back the anger that’s swelling in his chest. When he speaks again, his voice is calmer. “Here’s what we’re going to do. You’re going to let me borrow your car. I’m not stealing it – you need help, and you can’t drive. We’ll call an ambulance and send it for you.”
Derek looks at me, and I know my eyes are still frightened. He glances back down and peers at the man’s tattooed arms.
“Judging by the prison tats, you’ve done time. I’ll bet the cops would love for her to file a report against you for attempted rape, assault and battery, the whole deal. This isn’t the first time you’ve done this, is it, you piece of shit?” Derek spits to the side and kneels down close to the comatose man. “You make up some story about how you were beaten up by whoever you want to say did it. But you don’t mention me or her, or so help me God I’ll come for you and finish the job. You report the car as stolen, that’s fine, but don’t do it till morning or your ass is going back to jail.”
Derek stands. “Make a noise if you understand.”
The man makes a wet gurgle. I back away from Derek, my stomach churning. He turns to me and hands me the keys. “Put the stuff in the car. I’ll be right there.”
“Don’t hurt him anymore. Please. For me. Just don’t,” I say in a small voice. I walk away three steps and stagger to the bushes and vomit, heaving until my stomach’s empty, the kung pao sour in my nose and mouth.
“Are you okay?” Derek says, and he sounds both worried and normal. I nod, but part of me is still sick. My whole body feels like there’s something badly wrong.
“Yeah. I’m fine,” I say and go to gather our things. Only when I reach the car with our guitars do I realize I’m shaking and crying. They fit in the back of the car, which is filthy, beer cans crumpled and tossed on the floor, a patchwork of duct tape repairs on the seats. I return to get our bags, and spot Derek, who’s kneeling by the man, speaking softly.
Something about the image frightens me, and I think I’m going to be sick again. Instead, I carry my backpack and Derek’s rucksack to the Camaro and wedge them between the guitars, then push a bag out of the way and sit in the passenger seat, waiting for Derek. I wipe the tears off my face. My cheek burns where the creep hit me, but it’s a familiar feeling – Ralph’s conditioned me to take a punch without blinking.
Derek’s boots crunch on the asphalt, and he swings the driver’s door wide. When he looks at me, it’s still the same incredibly hot Derek, but I can’t hold his gaze. I wordlessly hand him the keys, and he starts the engine before turning to me. “I’ve only driven a car in Driver’s Ed. That was a while ago.”
“I can drive.” Before I left home, I used to get sent for liquor store runs when my mother was under the weather.
“That might be a good idea,” he admits, and we switch seats. I put the transmission in reverse and back out of the slot, and then point the hood at the highway.
Driving in the fog requires all my concentration, which is good because it means I don’t have a chance to replay the pervert’s leer over and over in my head. Or the image of Derek, blood smeared on his hands, methodically killing a man.
“I’m sorry I wasn’t there. That I left you alone. I shouldn’t have done that,” he says, and I blink back more tears.
“You were using the can, Derek. You can’t be everywhere at once, and your job isn’t being world police against scumbags.”
“I know. But I got you into this, and I’m supposed to be looking out for you.”
“You didn’t get me into anything. I’m doing it because I want to.”
He goes silent and moves the paper sack onto the floor, and then stares back up at me with a hunted look.
“I’m sorry. I heard him go after you and saw him hit you, and I…I snapped.”
Yes. Yes, you did. And I was there to see it. You wouldn’t have stopped until you’d driven your fist completely through his skull and pounded it to mush. I change the subject, because I’m afraid I’m going to blow chunks all over the interior, which would be a fitting end to one of the worst days of my life.
“It’s over, Derek. We need to focus on what to do next. You think he’ll tell the cops, give them a description?”
Derek shakes his head. “No. I think I nailed it. He’s got a record, so they’re way more likely to believe us instead of him. No, he’s going to be praying we don’t turn him in. He’s a loser. He’ll take his lumps rather than risk going back into the joint.”
“I hope you’re right.”
“I am. I know the type.”
We stop at a gas station in Kingston, and Derek calls 911 from a payphone, holding a rag over the mouthpiece and wiping it down when he’s done. The bored attendant is dozing in the cash booth, so there’s nobody to give a description, assuming anyone cares. We drive another few miles and stop at a twenty-four-hour restaurant, and I get a cup of coffee and use the bathroom. When I return to the car, Derek’s got his smirk in place. I get behind the wheel and smell alcohol. He holds up a nearly full pint of Jack Daniels and takes a long pull.
I’ve got nothing against alcohol, even though it ruined my mom’s life. It’s just a chemical, like any other. If she wanted to abuse something, if it hadn’t been booze, it would have been something else. At least that’s what I tell myself. But seeing Derek with the bourbon, his knuckles shredded from two fights in a handful of hours, makes something inside me die.
“Want some?” he asks.
“No,” I say, not trusting myself with more words.
He looks puzzled and then shrugs and takes another swig before putting it back into the bag. “It was unopened. There are three beers in here, too, if you want one of those.”
“Thanks. I got coffee. I think it’s probably a good idea if one of us stays sharp.” My tone sounds harsh to my ear, but I’m tired and nauseated, and now, a little bit scared. I realize how little I actually know about Derek. He’s capable of sudden, massive violence. He seems to slip into another place when he loses it. And now he’s drinking hard liquor after almost killing a man.
What else don’t I know about him?
This entire adventure suddenly feels wrong. I’m in the middle of nowhere with a homeless guy I know little about, and he likes to drink after smashing people to a pulp. What else does he like to do? And does he hit a lot of people when he’s angry? He claims to have only gotten into a couple of fights, but he wasn’t specific about the number. And he admitted to hospitalizing someone.
What have I gotten myself into?
The last two days of mooning over him like a groupie at a rock concert now disgust me. I’m sickened by myself, by how far I’ve come from the girl in San Francisco just a week ago. A girl who was distrustful of Derek. Possibly for good reason.
We drive in silence, and after fifteen minutes I turn on the radio just to stop the escalating whirlwind of self-loathing. I tell myself that Derek was protecting me, that there’s no danger – in fact, he stopped the two bullies from attacking, and saved me from the old pervert. The words sound fine, but I can’t get the slow-motion vision of Derek’s bloody fists out of my head. And I know without a doubt that when I finally get to sleep, Ralph’s face and Derek’s will merge in a way that will haunt me forever.
By the time we make it to Knoxville, Derek’s finished the pint. He seems completely relaxed, not at all drunk, and shows no signs of being anyone but the Derek I know.
Thought I knew, I correct. Because the truth is, for all my lustful fantasies about him, I’ve seen a side of him tonight that’s in direct conflict with the calm, funny, sexy, intelligent guy I decided to go to New York with. A side that, if I’d known about it, would have been a total deal breaker.
But now I’m on the road with him.
Derek tries to make small talk, but I’m not in the mood. We ditch the car near a truck stop on the east side of Knoxville and walk wordlessly to the huge lot where scores of trucks are parked, some idling with the distinctive clatter of diesel motors, most silent. We sit on a bench outside the restaurant, and Derek checks the time. It’s nearly 4:00 a.m., and we’re both beyond tired. But like soldiers on a jungle offensive, we can’t sleep until we’re somewhere safe, and right now, safety is as fleeting as the dream we’re chasing.
He looks at me with a grim expression. Faint lines of anger tighten around his mouth and eyes. “You can see where he hit you,” he says.
“I have that kind of skin. It’ll be gone by tomorrow night.”
He doesn’t ask how I know that. I don’t volunteer.
And I realize that everyone’s got a story. Mine’s ugly in places. But I don’t have an exclusive on ugly. After what I’ve seen, I’m sure that Derek’s nightmares are every bit as bad as any of mine, if not worse. Way worse. Because there aren’t a lot of things that can cause the kind of blind rage I saw.
“You want some ice? I’m thinking about some for my hands.”
I look down at his knuckles. They’re swollen and scabbing over. One of the things that’s different than the movies or TV is how much damage even the winner of a short fight suffers. If more people saw how bad it can be to win, there’d probably be a lot fewer punch outs.
“No. I’ll be fine. How about you? You going to be able to play?”
He chuckles as though the idea’s funny. I wonder whether he’s a little drunk, but as usual, I can’t read him. “Sure. I’ll be a little stiff for a few days, but I’ll make do.”
I try to smile, but it’s more of a grimace. “You recognized the tattoos on that guy’s arms. Prison, you said.”
“That’s right. I’ve seen a lot of them. Arian brotherhood. Racist Nazi bastards love to tat up.”
I try to think of a soft way to ask, but I can’t. “Have you ever been in prison, Derek?”
He chuckles. “They don’t put kids in the joint, Sage. I only turned eighteen the other day. So no, I’ve never been.”
Duh. Can I think of any more stupid questions to ask? Were you ever an astronaut? Have you ever ridden a unicorn?
He smiles, genuinely amused, and I wish I could collapse inward on myself and disappear, crumpling like origami in a fire. Sage, master of the idiotic question, has taken her clueless act on the road. Shows round the clock, never a dull moment, no inquiry too far-fetched or unlikely for her to voice, no filter between whatever stupidity flits through her brain and what spews out of her mouth.
He gets up and walks to the restaurant. I have no doubt he’ll charm some ice out of one of the hostesses, who are as regular a feature of these places as farmhand breakfasts and coffee that’ll strip the enamel off your teeth. Derek’s as smooth as they come, and in spite of my anger and fear over his rage, I feel the familiar stirring that reminds me why I’m following him to the ends of the earth.
But something’s changed, and that makes me sad. It isn’t that I won’t follow him – I have no choice at this point, and no better option – what’s changed is I no longer trust my reactions to him. I would have gladly let him do anything he wanted to me at the start of the day, was in fact hoping for him to, but now all I want is for this to be over so I can sleep and figure out what I’ve gotten myself into.
 
Chapter 21
Another morning in a truck stop, another questionable breakfast, and a feeling in my gut like I swallowed battery acid from all the high-octane coffee. Derek and I are sitting by the restaurant, the sun already blistering in the humidity even at 8:45 in the morning, and almost all the trucks that were there when we arrived are now gone.
We slept for a couple hours apiece, but the sleep deprivation’s starting to wear on us. Derek’s getting dark circles under his eyes, and not just from yesterday’s fights. When I check my reflection in the bathroom mirror after cleaning up, I look like the losingest raccoon in history.
Melody responded to my latest texts, which were vague and nonresponsive to her badgering about whether Derek and I did the nasty yet and wanting all the juicy details. I send her a message saying I’ll be offline all day, in the wilds of Tennessee, and will text again when I can.
I feel like I didn’t get any rest at all. The caffeine’s giving me a headache, and my splurge on a Snickers bar did nothing for me. Derek’s quiet, watching the traffic fly by on the freeway, and we’re both listless, like two prizefighters who’ve battled to a draw and are waiting for the final bell.
The morning grinds on as we alternate dozing while whoever’s awake asks the inbound truckers whether they’re willing to give us a ride, but there are no takers. I’m not surprised – I’ve still got a faint handprint on my face, and Derek looks like he went a few rounds with a bear. It’s bad enough we’re broke and homeless, but now we both look like trouble with a capital T, and there aren’t many who want to invite a hassle into their life.
At noon I call Helen. It’s all I can think of doing. She answers on the third ring, and I hear the familiar sound of her truck motor humming in the background.
“Hey, Helen. It’s Sage. You gave me your number?”
“Right! Sage, how you doing?”
“Not so good. We’re stuck in Tennessee and could use some help. Can you see if you know anyone who would give us a lift?” I ask, feeling guilty.
Her voice is chipper, though, and she doesn’t sound like she minds too much. “Sure. Let me make some calls and see who’s on the road around there. Where exactly are you?”
I give her the name of the truck stop, and she laughs. “I know that place too well. A pit, even by my standards. How you holding up?”
“You know. Life of a rolling stone.”
“Yeah, well, let me see if I can get you rolling again. Leave your phone on, and I’ll call if I find someone. In the meantime, let me know if you find a ride.”
“Will do. And Helen? I appreciate it. It’s been a rough twenty-four hours.”
“What’s wrong, sweetheart?”
I glance over at where Derek’s slumped with his eyes closed, out of earshot, but still lower my voice. I tell her about last night and the would-be rapist and my concerns about Derek. She’s silent for a long time, and when she speaks, her voice is soft.
“That’s a tough one. But from what you say, he saved your ass, right?”
“He did, but it’s the way he did it that’s tripping me out. He was like…I don’t know how to describe it. Like some kind of psycho.”
“How much do you really know about him, Sage?” she asks, her words carefully pronounced.
“Just the usual. I kind of told you everything I know when we were talking. Why?”
“You need to have a heart-to-heart and ask him to explain. It sounds like you’re jumping to some pretty important conclusions, and if there’s one thing that I’ve learned as I’ve gotten older, it’s not to assume anything. Right now you’re trying to figure out what’s happening in his head based on his actions. But that’s not going to work. You don’t have the faintest idea what’s really going on with him, but you need to know if you’re going to make this work.”
I don’t have any snappy comebacks. She’s talking sense, and as much as I dislike having to confront Derek, it sounds like I need to.
“Sage, the thing you need to remember is that nobody’s perfect. Most of us are damaged in one way or another. Just because someone’s damaged doesn’t mean they can’t have a good life. But there are some kinds that don’t repair well, and you need to figure out whether he’s got the kind he can put behind him, or if it’s going to define him. And you need to be brutally honest with yourself about what you can, and can’t, put up with.”
“Good advice,” I say, and it is. The problem is that it’s against my nature to follow it. I don’t do well with anything that resembles confrontation, and no matter how gently she describes it, that’s what she’s suggesting – confronting Derek about his behavior.
“Sage, the most important thing I can tell you is that almost anything can work if both people are honest with each other. The only other advice I have is that when you have your discussion, you need to be in a good place in your head. Calm, no judging. You want to know what makes him tick. If you’re uncomfortable talking about it, and I know how I was at your age, do it under the guise of your musical partnership. You have a right to know who you hooked up with. In fact, thinking about it, I’d leave your feelings out of it. Guys respond better to logic than anything, so keep it all about business. You’re concerned about some of the stuff you’ve seen, you want to know more, to understand, and if you can, to offer support if he’s having a rough time. That’s what partners do – support each other, right?”
“I guess so.” I’ve never had one before, so this is all news to me. Although she makes sense.
“Before I go, let me ask one last question, okay?”
I cringe. Anything that requires that kind of a softener isn’t going to be pleasant. “Okay.”
“How do you feel about him? Do you want to be with him or not?”
Crap. She would ask the one that’s been stewing in my gut. I think about it for a few beats before answering.
“I do, but I don’t. I’m kind of scared. I thought he was this dream guy, and now I’m not sure who he is.”
“That’s understandable.” She pauses, and I can hear the radio in the background, Garth Brooks crooning about lost love. “I’m going to say something now, and it’s going to sound really harsh. I don’t mean it personally, okay, Sage? So just take it for what it’s worth.”
“No problem.”
“You said he’s been on the street for three years? That’s a long time. People don’t wind up on the street if everything’s fine in their life. He’s probably been through some major league shit. Your job is to find out what, and decide whether you want him in your life or not, warts and all.”
I think about Ralph and his venom and anger, and my mom, her frail body wasting away from alcohol abuse, her mind gone. Yeah, we’ve all got some baggage, all right. And then I remember what Helen said about not judging.
“How am I supposed to decide if I’m not going to judge?” It makes no sense. We’re always judging everything, every minute. I don’t cross the street until I judge whether it’s safe. I don’t do drugs because when I’m offered them I judge the negatives and pass. When I look around, I’m making a dozen judgments about what I’m looking at, what to focus on and what to ignore, how to interpret it.
“I meant when you’re talking to him. Think of it as information gathering. You want to get as much honest info as possible, without showing approval…or disapproval. Once you have all the facts, then you can decide what to make of them. But the main thing is stay totally calm, and do not, under any circumstances, get angry or make it about you. It’s not about you.” She sighs. “Pretend you’re a detective and you’re looking for clues as to why Derek does what he does. What makes him tick. You want the most possible clues without passing judgment. Make sense?”
“Yeah, it does,” I say, trying to keep the reluctance out of my voice.
“You need to do this, Sage. Sooner than later.”
Yes, Mom. I hate being told what to do. Frigging hate it with a passion. Especially by someone who’s right. Which sounds suspiciously like judging, to me, when I think about it. But she’s not ordering me to do anything. She’s making a suggestion she thinks can help. I have to stop being a butthead and remember who my friends are.
“I will. You make sense.” I don’t have anything more to say, and I don’t trust myself to speak. I don’t want to sound like an ingrate, and I know I will if I keep yapping.
We say good-bye, and I stab the call off. Derek’s still asleep, and I watch him with a heavy heart, Helen’s advice ringing in my ears. Anyone on the street’s there because of some serious trauma in their life, for sure. I can only guess at what’s hidden in Derek’s past, but Helen’s made it clear I need to find out. I know she’s right.
But that doesn’t make it any easier, and I’m scared of what I’ll hear. Because as much as I need to know, I’m also afraid that when I do, it’ll be the end of Derek and me…before there was even a beginning.
Sometimes life sucks.
This is one of those times.
 
Chapter 22
Helen hooks us up with a friend of hers headed from Chattanooga to Washington, D.C. – a stocky man in his fifties named Max, who sports the most elaborate handlebar mustache I’ve ever seen, and dresses like he’s an old western gunfighter. I’m beginning to appreciate that those who spend their lives behind the wheel are an unusual bunch, many of them wearing their eccentricities like badges of honor.
We don’t get to the Washington area until 2:00 a.m. After warning us about how dangerous the city is, Max drops us in Alexandria, Virginia, just south of D.C., which is empty at this hour. We make our way to the downtown area by George Washington University on the deserted streets, the only traffic an occasional police car that slows down to check us out before continuing on its way. A lit sign glows at us on a nearby corner, and we’re happy to find a 7-Eleven store, where we stock up on staples like Reese’s and full-tilt Coke.
The clerk’s a college student with a morose attitude. When we ask about the area, he says that most of the homeless in the area hang out around a nearby park.
“The police don’t take a shine to street people,” he says, watching Derek count out the money with an eagle eye. “They’ll hassle you if you give them a chance. They’re total assholes about it.”
Like it’s our fault – like we chose to live like this, exposed to the elements and constant danger. That’s typical of the attitude I’m used to, although San Francisco’s easier going than many places. Most cities treat us like cockroaches, vermin to be eradicated if possible. It’s like nobody wants a reminder of what happens when society fails and the safety net doesn’t work. I can understand, but it still sticks in my craw. I’m a human being, with hopes and likes and dreams just like everyone else, and circumstances drove me to living on the street, as they do most people. If I could get a job and live a normal life, whatever that means, I’d be happy to, but with the economy in the toilet and five hundred applicants even for minimum wage jobs, it’s not an option for a runaway with no diploma.
We make it to the park and see dark lumps on the grass – homeless people sleeping, their few belongings by their side. This is a bad situation, but we don’t have any options, so we stake out a spot by an oak tree, and Derek unrolls the sleeping bag while I look around nervously.
When he’s done, he whispers to me, “I’ll take the first shift. Couple hours? Then you’re on.”
I’ve been doing nothing but thinking all the way from Tennessee, even while sleeping in Max’s cab part of the way. My timing sucks, but I feel like every minute we’re moving past the point of no return. I sit next to Derek, take one of his brutalized hands in mine, and look him dead in his eyes. I’ve been thinking about how to approach this all day.
“Derek, I want to ask you some questions, and I need you to be honest with me, all right?” I begin, but it sounds like some school counselor, fake and disinterested.
He cocks his head. “Uh-oh.”
His hand’s warm in mine, and I realize that maybe the contact wasn’t a great idea. I’m now distracted as well as nervous. “I don’t know enough about you. I want to know more.”
He smiles and I melt. Which isn’t what this is all about. Or at least it’s not supposed to be. I try to focus and remember Helen’s words.
“Sure. What do you want to know?” He’s relaxed and not at all defensive. Score one for me.
“You said you’ve been on the street since you were fifteen.”
“That’s right.”
“What happened?”
He grimaces. “I had a bad home life. So I bailed.”
I nod. “Me too. But what happened, exactly?”
He gazes off at the field of homeless people slumbering in the grass and closes his eyes. “Sage, I’m kinda tired. It’s been a long day. I don’t really want to talk about this now.”
“I know. I’m beat too. But it’s important.”
“Why? Why right this second is it so important?” Now he’s getting defensive.
“Because I’m crossing the country with a guy and I have no idea what makes him tick. No clue about his past. That seems like a bad idea.”
“It didn’t stop you from coming, did it?”
Good point, but I’m not going to get defensive too. Calm, no judging. I pretend I’m Helen, and it helps a little.
“True, but that was then. I’ve had time to think about it, and I want to know. Whatever it is, you can tell me, Derek. I hope after everything we’ve been through you trust me enough to tell me.”
He shakes his head. “It’s not about trust, Sage. It’s about no sleep, my head splitting, and being surrounded by danger. Can’t we do this tomorrow?”
Derek sounds reasonable, and it’s a reasonable request. But I’m not known for being reasonable.
“Sure we can. But give me something, Derek. I won’t be able to sleep if you don’t.” I figure I might be able to guilt it out of him.
His eyes narrow, and when he speaks, his tone’s a little harder. “Fine. But you first. What happened four months ago that made you leave home?”
I so should have seen that coming. I’ve painted myself into a corner. I can’t hold out on him while asking him to spill his guts. I look away and draw a deep breath.
“My mom’s an alcoholic. She hardly eats, and she’s drunk day and night. Doesn’t leave the house, won’t go to the doctor, can’t remember where she is or what she’s doing, when she does anything at all. She’s been hospitalized three times for her stomach rupturing – the blood vessels basically explode, and she bleeds out. They told her if she keeps drinking, she’ll die, but she won’t quit. She’d rather drink herself to death and lose everything.”
Derek looks like he’s going to say something, but I stop him with a look.
“My dad bailed on me when I was ten and a half. She was already drinking hard by then, had lost her job and was doing temp work, but that never lasted because she’d show up reeking of booze and they’d fire her. Eventually word got around, and she couldn’t get anything, so we went on welfare. I guess my dad couldn’t take living with a basket case. I don’t blame him. Having grown up around one, there’s nothing worse. One minute she’s totally happy and manic and everything’s the most awesome possible thing in the world, and the next she’s furious and screaming curses. My most vivid memories are coming home from school and finding her passed out on the kitchen floor, a vodka bottle in the trash. I’d help her to the bedroom, and she’d swear she hadn’t been drinking, even though she was so wasted she couldn’t talk.” I choke up at the memories. There’s a special place in hell for parents that force their kids to be adults before their time.
“Anyhow, about a year later we’re living in a trailer, and she’s getting her master’s degree in boozing, and she meets Ralph. He’s got a few bucks and seems willing to take care of us, so he moves in. Within a few months they’re fighting every other day, shit’s getting broken, he leaves, comes back, leaves, comes back. Then the hitting starts. One day I come home from class and my mom’s sitting on the couch, watching TV, holding a bag of ice against her face. She’s got a black eye. I ask her what happened – she falls down a lot – and she says she said the wrong thing, and that I have to be careful around Ralph. That he’s a good man, but he’s under a lot of pressure.” I turn to Derek. “Ralph’s not a good man, Derek.”
I can’t continue. My throat’s so tight I can hardly swallow, and my eyes are burning. Derek pulls me close and hugs me wordlessly, his arms around me, sheltering me from the pain that’s always lurking on the periphery of life. I snuffle and feel awful, but I won’t cry. I’m stronger than that now, better than that, and when I walked out of my home for the last time, I swore I’d never shed another tear over what happened there, or for either of them.
“Oh, Sage…” he says, and his voice cracks. “Did he…?” He can’t finish the question.
I shake my head. “No. That’s about the only thing he didn’t do. He’s not about sex; he’s about control and anger and violence. I got tired of being hit all the time, so I left.”
His voice is so soft I can hardly hear it. “Didn’t you go to the cops?”
I shake my head. “It’s a small town. He’s friends with the sheriff. There was no point.” I clear my throat. “My mom defended him. She’s so dependent on him she chose a violent scumbag over her own flesh and blood. She would have denied anything I said if I’d gone to the police – said I did it to myself, or fell, and that I make up stories since my deadbeat father bailed on us. The cops would believe what they wanted to believe. It would be my word against theirs. Guess who’d lose in that situation?”
In spite of my best intentions, a tear rolls down my cheek and soaks into Derek’s shirt. He strokes my hair and rocks me slightly, and the pain recedes. Not entirely – it never completely goes away – but enough so I don’t think I’m going to completely fall apart.
When he starts talking, his voice is barely a whisper.
“My mom died when I was fifteen. She was a user – a heroin addict. Had been since I was a baby. It’s all over Seattle – back in the nineties apparently you couldn’t go to a club without being offered scag – it was part of the culture. My dad died in a car accident when I was eight. He was also using, but held down a job with a software company. A whiz programmer, my mom said, but with the Seattle flu – black tar heroin.” He hesitates. I don’t say anything. But it explains why fifteen was a critical year for him. We’re both familiar with heroin and the damage done – a lot of runaways are on the street because of it, turning tricks, many of them with AIDS and hepatitis from sharing needles or unsafe sex.
He hugs me closer, and I can feel his breathing get shallower.
“She had a lot of boyfriends over the years, and some of them were like Ralph. I got good at protecting myself as soon as I was big enough to fight back. My brothers helped, but they weren’t always around. My older brother joined the army when I was fifteen, just to get away. Mike. He was seventeen. I haven’t spoken to him since. My other brother, Patrick, was a year younger than me, but he wasn’t a fighter. So I wound up being the one who had to protect him.” He trails off, his voice breaking on the last words, and then continues. “Anyway, when my mom overdosed, I cleared out with Patrick, and the rest is history. But when I see someone hitting…”
I find my voice. “I get it.”
“That creep reminded me of every prick who ever laid a hand on Patrick or me. I guess I lost it. When I was hitting him, I was hitting all of them. Does that make any sense at all?”
It does. Complete sense. And it explains a lot.
“Do you ever hit people when you get angry?”
He stiffens. “Is that what this is about? No. I only fight when I’m attacked or someone I care about is threatened. I spent my entire life being a punching bag and watching Patrick take lumps. The last thing in the world I’d do is hurt someone I lo…that I care about.”
I feel like I have to say something. “It’s just that after Ralph…”
“Sage, you don’t need to explain. You saw me go off on that guy, and now you’re wondering whether you’re going to New York with another Ralph. I…I’m sorry I upset you. But for the record, I’m like the anti-Ralph. The polar opposite.”
“What happened to Patrick?” I ask in a small voice.
“I haven’t talked to him for a year.” His tone says that’s the end of the questioning, and I suddenly feel drained. But better.
Helen was right. Honesty and tackling things head-on is the best way. Now instead of worrying whether Derek’s going to go mental on me, I can rest easy.
He’s damaged, all right. But no more than I am.
And maybe two broken people can somehow fix themselves together.
He’s cradling me, and my eyes are getting heavy. I want to kiss him, but now isn’t the time. I close my eyes, just for a second, and barely feel it when he gently lays me down on the sleeping bag and takes his arms from around me. I’m asleep before my head hits my backpack, and this time, when I dream, it’s not nightmares.
 
Chapter 23
The next morning we blow ten dollars getting to a decent location for hitching a ride, and score – an older hippie couple in a dusty crew cab truck bound for New Jersey, which they assure us is just a train ride from New York City. Shanti and Jonathon tell us about the old days, when they hitched all over the country following the Grateful Dead. We explain about the talent show, and they insist on hearing us sing.
“You need to practice, don’t you?” Shanti asks.
Derek graces her with one of his smiles, and I hide my smirk behind my hand. “You know what? You’re right,” he says, and at the next pit stop we get Yam from the camper shell and serenade them all the way to Hoboken. It’s only a little after 4:00 when they drop us off, and we find a PATH train headed for Manhattan. We’re both excited beyond belief – we crossed the country in four days, half the time we allowed, and have no plans other than seeing the sights and getting ready for the audition on Monday at Radio City Music Hall.
I text Melody. She’s predictably laser-focused on did we or didn’t we. The girl’s got sex on the brain. I send back a cryptic message that could mean anything. Other than entertaining Shanti and Jonathon, Derek’s been quiet all day, and I assume he’s digesting my story, just as I’ve been doing with his. I’m still not certain how I feel, but it’s definitely leaning in his favor, and the sensation of being distanced from him is slowly fading.
The train’s surprisingly clean and modern, but there aren’t many travelers on it. I’m wondering why – New York is supposed to be packed with people, and this isn’t what I expected.
Derek must be wondering too, because he turns to me and whispers, “All the traffic must be going out of the city at this hour. I bet the morning trains are sardine cans.”
A couple of kids our age get on at the next stop and glare at us, but I avoid their stares. Nothing can sour this moment, and as we pass through the tunnel that runs under the Hudson River, I feel a thrill of victory. We made it, against all odds, and now all we have to do is survive until Monday.
I turn to Derek. “You said you had someplace we can stay while we’re here?”
“That’s right. I did say that.” His eyes twinkle with amusement, and I note there’s discoloration on his cheek from where he got kicked. It’s a reminder of the close calls we’ve had on this trip, and if I never see Tennessee again, it’ll be too soon.
“Well, we’re here.”
“I was kind of holding off telling you about it, so you wouldn’t be pissed at me.”
“What? Why?”
“It’s not going to be the Ritz.”
“I wasn’t expecting that.”
“Bull knows a guy who runs the same kind of flop operation he does.”
He sees my face fall – I still remember my shower. Then again, I still vividly recall his, too, although I can’t mention it. I haven’t thought about that for a few days, but now that it’s in my brain…
Derek looks at me quizzically. “I didn’t expect you to smile like that,” he says. I wipe the grin off my face.
“What, is there like a secret society of homeless people running pay-as-you-go shelters in abandoned buildings that nobody told me about?”
“Kind of. Some of the punk bands that tour on a shoestring use them. Bull’s place is famous all over the country, so he knows everyone.”
“Where’s this one?”
“All I have is directions. But it’s on the lower part of the island, around Second Street.”
That means nothing to me. “Where do you want to go first?”
Derek grins. “I think we have to see Times Square, don’t you? Let’s get a little tourist fun in before we head for our luxury hotel.”
I wrinkle my nose at the word ‘luxury,’ remembering the splendor of Bull’s place. “Times Square, definitely. And the World Trade Center.”
“Kinda gone. But the Empire State Building’s still standing.”
“I want to go up to the top. Ooh, and the Statue of Liberty, too! And Broadway!” I’m afraid I sound too eager, so I pause. “You know what I really want to see?”
“What?”
“Radio City Music Hall.”
“I looked it up. It’s at Rockefeller Center. We may not get there today, but definitely tomorrow.”
I frown. “Why not today?”
“Because today’s going to be tonight pretty soon, and New York’s a big place. Think of it like San Francisco. It would be hard to see all the sights there in one day, even with a car. Here you can spend a week doing the tourist thing and still not get to everything.”
“I don’t mind walking around at night.”
“I know. But first things first. This train lets off at 33rd Street. That’s only ten blocks or so from Times Square.”
I nod. “Okay. As long as we get to everything before we go home.” The thought stops me, and a stab of melancholy quashes my excitement. I have no home. It’s a disorienting sensation. Most people lay down roots. Not me. Or Derek.
We arrive at the 33rd Street station and get off. It’s filthy and smells like a combination of electrical fire and sweat. We shoulder our way up to the street, where we’re assaulted by the tide of people I was expecting.
New York is like every movie I’ve ever seen that’s set there. A throng of rushing humanity surges toward us, and as we join the flow, I hear at least six or seven foreign languages. Everyone looks busy and smart and important, and I feel like a grain of sand on a beach. I resist the impulse to grab Derek’s hand – I’m not a child – but it’s a powerful urge. The sheer number of people is daunting, and I feel dizzy as we cross a street, with what looks like a million vehicles all trying to get someplace at once.
San Francisco hasn’t prepared me for New York, and I’m reminded that I’m a bumpkin from Clear Lake, just north of the ass end of nowhere. Derek doesn’t seem fazed, but then he never does, by anything. I envy that assurance. I also hope he knows what he’s doing.
We stop at a deli and get coffee, and the first sign that we might have misjudged things comes when the two cups total almost nine dollars. Derek stares at the clerk, who stares back, his potbelly straining a white T-Shirt with Bermuda stenciled across it, and reluctantly pays. We pause outside, and a nagging trace of doubt dances in my empty stomach.
“At this rate, we’ve got enough money to last us till lunch tomorrow,” I say, which is an exaggeration, but still – it’s kind of scary to be in a strange town and have no money. “How much do you have left?”
“Maybe a hundred and fifty.”
“Same here. With coffee at five bucks a shot, I don’t even want to guess at what a sandwich will run.”
“We just have to be smart. Plus, look, there are hot dog carts everywhere.”
“Great. So we’ll be living on mystery meat?”
“It can’t be that bad. I’ve done worse.”
I grimace. “I don’t want to know.”
He smiles. “So hot dogs for dinner?”
“Yum yum.”
He points to a nearby cart. “Look at the sign. All-beef hot dogs.”
“It’s still gross.”
When we get to Times Square, there are huge neon signs everywhere, advertising Broadway shows, TV programs, fragrances, apparel, and low-budget travel to exotic locales. It’s sensory overload, with the overwhelming strobing and blinking. We pass a man with what sounds like a Nigerian accent offering pirated CDs of the same movies playing down the block. Literally every ten feet we see his twin hawking every imaginable type of souvenir, all probably made in China. It’s like Fisherman’s Wharf on steroids, and I instinctively move close to Derek as we allow ourselves to be carried along by the crowd.
Thirty minutes later the sky’s fading to purple and red, and we’re at the southern edge of Central Park, by Columbus Circle. Twin glass towers jut skyward across the street, the ebbing sun gleaming off their mirrored surfaces as blinding as anything I’ve seen. We pause and sit on the steps at the base of a statue and watch a stooped old man feeding pigeons. A massive billboard at the top of a skyscraper advertising CNN says it’s almost 7:00 and ninety-one degrees. I look at Derek.
“We made it.”
He smiles and nods. “That we did.”
“You know what they say, right? If you can make it here, you can make it anywhere…”
“The Big Apple, all right.”
I yawn. “Now what?”
“We have to get to Second Street and find my contact.”
“Can we call him?”
“That’s not how it works.”
“What, they don’t have cell phones here?”
“Bull talked to him, so they do. But I didn’t get his number.” The look on my face must say what I’m thinking, because he shrugs. “Don’t worry. I’ve got this.”
I’m not so sure, as we make our way south. The neighborhoods degrade as we near the Bowery district, and when we’re close to Second Street, the buildings look like a war zone. Broken windows, the smell of urine and filth, and graffiti abound. Skulking junkies and derelicts loiter on every corner and every stoop, forced outdoors by the heat.
We go down into the Second Street subway station, which is slightly seedier than the worst truck stop bathroom I’ve seen. Once underground, Derek’s easygoing attitude changes, and he becomes serious.
“When we get to the platform, follow me. But whatever you do, don’t touch the third rail.”
“What are you talking about? What third rail?”
“We’re going onto the tracks.”
I stop. He slows and then turns. I eye his face for any sign that he’s joking. He’s not. “Tell me you’re kidding.”
“Don’t worry. Bull says it’s safe. You just have to be careful not to fry yourself.”
“Bull lives in a bombed-out wreck.”
Derek nods. “Where I lived until a few days ago. You can get used to anything.”
“Maybe you can.”
He resumes walking, leaving me to trail him to the platform. A roar echoes from the mouth of the tunnel, and a whoosh of hot air blasts us in the face, and then a subway train pulls into the station with a screech of metal on metal. We wait until the platform clears, everyone either getting on or off, and when it pulls away with a toot of its horn, Derek moves to the end of the platform. There are access stairs with a chain across them and grim warning signs, which after looking around and seeing nobody in a uniform, we ignore, and then we’re in the tunnel.
Derek points at the rails. “See that? Third rail. It’s got a gazillion volts running through it. That’s a bad day when you trip and hit it.”
“Great. Where are we going?”
“Into the tunnels.”
“I got that. I mean where, specifically?”
“There’s an abandoned area about two blocks from here down a line Bull says hasn’t been used for years. That’s where we’re headed.”
“We’re staying in a subway tunnel?” I ask disbelievingly.
“Yup. Just like Vegas.” He squints in the darkness. “At least it’s cooler down here.”
“This is crazy.”
“You mean hitching across the U.S., entering a talent contest with someone you’ve only known a week, or crashing in the subways?”
“Yes.”
“There should be an entrance on our right any time now.”
My ears are tingling. I hear rattling and a distant roar. “There’s another train coming.” My voice sounds panicky. For good reason.
“Yeah, but Bull told me there’s plenty of time to get there between trains.” He slows. “Here it is.”
We turn into another tunnel, and half a minute later the train clatters past us on the track we just left. I’m ready to turn around and run, but Derek is continuing along. My eyes have adjusted to the gloom, lit only by the occasional bulb from an adjacent passage that seeps through to this one between the columns that keep the city above from crashing down on top of us.
I hear a rustle to my left. I look over and see a pair of beady red eyes. A rat the size of an economy car is studying me, probably wondering if I taste like hot dog. Apparently it decides I might, because it scurries away in search of more appealing fare.
Derek slows as we near a darkened doorway. He knocks, once, then three times, and waits. Another train goes by, this time not quite as deafening, and then the door swings open, and a tall, reed-thin man dressed in head-to-toe black looks at us. I gasp when I see his face – it’s a web of scar tissue, what looks like burns.
“What?” the man hisses through his ruined mouth.
“I’m a friend of Bull’s. From San Francisco. I’m looking for Lucifer.”
I don’t say anything. If someone wants to name himself after the devil, fine by me.
The man nods and pulls the door wider. “This way.”
We enter the passage, and he shuts the door and bolts it behind us. I can barely see my hand in front of me, but he obviously knows the way by heart. We make a turn and then another, and then there’s light. He approaches another door and swings it open and motions for us to go in.
No way would I do this without Derek. It’s like all my worst rape nightmares rolled into one. I barely have time to finish the thought when a bald man, at least three hundred pounds, tattoos covering every visible inch of his face and head, steps from the shadows. Derek doesn’t seem surprised.
“Lucifer?” he asks.
“Who wants to know?”
“A friend of Bull’s from San Francisco.”
The man smiles, revealing several steel teeth, the rest in various stages of decay. “Bull, huh? How is that shifty bastard?”
“Same as ever. Still running the theater.”
“Some things never change. What do you need?”
“A place for a week.”
“Hundred.”
Derek shakes his head. “Bull said twenty-five.”
“Seventy-five for the pair.”
We negotiate down to sixty, and Lucifer leads us down a passage to a large room with cots in it. I’m surprised to see it’s got electricity – a teenage girl with a shaved head is watching an old television set connected to a VCR. He waves a tattooed hand at the walls. “Welcome to Club Med. The two down at the end are open. Keep your shit close by and take it with you when you use the can. Other than that, same rules as Bull’s place. You screw with me, or with anyone here, I smash you like a bug and throw you into the tunnel. You have any trouble with someone, tell me and I’ll fix it. Other than that, enjoy your stay. A complimentary breakfast buffet comes with every cot.” He laughs, a wet sound that jiggles his rolls of fat like a bad Santa imitation.
“Where are the bathrooms?” Derek asks.
“You’re right next to ’em. That door. Newcomers get stuck by the john. Next time I’ll remember you, and you’ll move up the line.”
Derek and I inspect the bathroom. It’s a more awful version of Bull’s, right down to the jury-rigged shower plumbing. It smells like decay and sewage, and my heart sinks at the thought that I’m going to be living in this pit for at least four nights.
We go to bed hungry, neither of us willing to brave the tunnel again to try our luck with a hot dog. The subways run every few minutes, and the walls and floor shake from their passing, the roar slightly muted but still as loud as artillery fire. As I lie staring at the centuries-old brick ceiling, I have an overwhelming urge to cry. My only fear is that if I start, I might never stop. Any urge I had to kiss Derek good night flees with the thought of rats and third rails.
Sleep’s a long time coming.
 
Chapter 24
The days leading up to the contest are a blur of wandering the city, playing when and where we can, and the nightmare of living at Lucifer’s. The cops seem good-natured about our setting my blanket down on busy corners and doing our thing, but they usually run us off after an hour, even as they stand around listening for free, chomping on snack food.
We’re averaging fifty bucks a day, so we’re not getting ahead, but we’re also not slipping. It’s a kind of limbo leading up to the audition, but we make the best of it. Derek’s better at waiting than I am – he’s as calm as Buddha while I’m more impatient. Yet another example of how opposites attract, even if nothing’s happened between us other than the occasional hug. The tunnels aren’t really conducive to romance, and neither of us seems ready to make the first move, so we’re going about our days, filling them with playing and trekking all over the city, staying out as late at night as we dare before returning to our pit.
You’d think that summer in New York would be about as romantic as anything, but you’d be wrong if you were staying in a hellhole wondering where your next meal’s coming from, your stomach a tight ball from anxiety over an audition, and rats and other vermin for your companions. I’m no princess, and I’m not expecting a Cinderella life, but even by my low standards, the tunnels are a new bottom.
On Sunday we’re hanging out near Columbus Circle, sheltered from the constant oppressive heat. The city is humming with activity, its pale denizens decked out in shorts and tank tops for their all-too-short summer. Derek’s gone to a nearby café, and I’m watching the world go by. A little dog, stumpy legs and an ear-to-ear smile, comes trotting up, chased by a woman who’s dropped its leash. I stand and grab the leash for her. The dog loves me on sight and licks my face with a wet slurp when I kneel down to pet it.
“Thanks so much,” its owner says, huffing from her pursuit. The dog’s happy as a toddler with a new teddy bear to have me scratching behind its ears.
“No problem. What’s his name?”
“Her. Bethany.”
“How old?”
“Three.”
I stare at Bethany, who’s wagging the stump where her tail would have been. Her eyes say today’s the best day ever. I smile.
“What kind of dog is she?”
“A corgi.”
I’ve never heard of corgis, but you can add that to the vast ocean of stuff I don’t know. After a final pat on Bethany’s head I stand, and her owner thanks me again. I turn toward the blanket and see a kid halfway down the block, running, Derek’s guitar under his arm.
I freak and start after him and then remember Yam and our bags. I stop, frozen in place, torn between chasing down the kid and protecting what we have left. It’s like this horrible point of equilibrium where I’m totally screwed no matter what I do, and by the time I figure out I can’t chase the thief toting two heavy bags and Yam, he’s disappeared into the park.
I return to the blanket, stunned, and sit heavily, shocked by how abruptly my life’s gone from not-completely-terrible to ruined. Our audition’s tomorrow, and a big part of our act is the two guitars, especially on the number we’ve decided to perform.
This is a disaster. Worse. Whatever’s disaster times ten, this is it.
When Derek returns, I’m staring off in space, tears coursing down my cheeks.
He stands in front of me, his face a play of conflicting emotions, worry the most obvious. “Sage! What’s wrong? What happened?”
I look up at him with bloodshot eyes and point at the park with a trembling finger, and tell him about the thief. His expression goes hard as he stares at where I’m pointing.
“What was he wearing?” he demands.
“A blue T-shirt and jeans. He looked like a street kid. Maybe twelve or thirteen.”
“Stay here with the stuff. I’ll be back.”
Derek takes off like a marathon runner and vanishes into the park. I dry my tears and pull our stuff closer, closing the barn door after the horse has bolted, feeling as low as I ever have. Derek’s guitar is gone because of my carelessness, and everything’s ruined.
Half an hour later he returns empty-handed and sits heavily next to me. I look over at him and search for words that will make it better. There are none, but I have to try.
“I’m sorry, Derek.”
“I know.”
I don’t ask how his search went. I just want to die.
We both stare at the traffic going by on Central Park South. Lincoln Town Cars and Mercedes and Audis. There’s so much wealth only a few feet from us, but it might as well be on the other side of the world for all it helps. Eventually Derek rises.
“What are we going to do?” I ask. “I ruined everything.”
“How much money do you have left?”
“Same as the other day.”
“Okay. This isn’t the end of the world. It’s just a little setback.”
“How can we audition without your guitar?”
“Maybe I can borrow one from one of the other musicians?”
I shake my head. “Maybe isn’t a solution. Besides, who’s going to lend a competitor anything? I wouldn’t.” Sometimes Derek, for all his street smarts, doesn’t seem to understand how petty people are. No way will anyone lend him a guitar.
He glances around, thinking, and then smiles grimly. “Come on. We’re going for a walk.”
I look up at him. “Where?”
“To find a music store or a pawn shop. We’ll find a cheap guitar. Shouldn’t break the bank.”
We gather our stuff and head to Times Square, but after several tiring hours trudging along the baking sidewalks, discover that all the pawn shops are closed on Sunday. And we have to be at the audition first thing in the morning. It starts at eight, but contestants will start lining up in advance, so we’re going to get there at six.
Starbucks with AC is totally worth the price of the coffee. We sit on a sofa sipping our drinks, Derek pensive while I’m only a hair away from losing it. He finishes his cup and walks to the counter and, after a brief discussion with one of the baristas, returns with a hopeful grin.
“There’s a music store down on 33rd. She thinks it’s open on Sundays.” He looks at his watch. “Chug it. It’s almost five. Probably closes soon.”
With the way our luck’s been running, I’m not in a wagering mood. I finish the coffee in two swallows, and we press back out into the heat.
When we find the store, it’s still open. We enter the large, cool showroom, and are immediately stopped by a guard. “Leave the bags here,” he orders, his tone gruff. We carry them to an area with a wall of cubbyholes, and he stuffs our bags and Yam into three and gives us tickets.
I want to ask if he’s sure our gear’s safe there, but realize that asking the guy who’d be going through them and stealing dirty underwear is futile. We approach the wall where the acoustic guitars are displayed, and our hopes are quickly shattered by the prices. Five hundred, a thousand, two thousand dollars. Insane amounts of money.
A salesman approaches with an oily smile.
“Looking for something special?” he tries.
I take the lead. “Yeah. Do you sell used guitars?”
His face falls. ‘Used’ coming from a pair like us is code for time wasting. “What did you have in mind?”
“A cheap acoustic. Steel string.”
He shakes his head. “The only previously owned guitars we stock are trade-ins. Electrics. High-end.”
Derek clears his throat. “What’s your cheapest new one?”
“We have an Ibanez mahogany top that’s popular with beginners,” he says.
“How much?”
“Hundred and sixty. Plus tax.”
Derek and I exchange a glance. He nods. “Show me.”
“I have to get one out of the back. We don’t put them on the wall.”
Of course not. The wall’s for winners.
He returns after five minutes with a guitar, its surfaces gleaming in the harsh artificial light. He tunes it and holds it out. “Who wants to try it?”
Derek takes it and strums a few chords, then runs some fluid riffs. The salesman watches, unimpressed. He sees hundreds of players every day. This is a nothing sale, and his professional courtesy is already wearing thin. He’s probably paid on commission, and what he’ll make off this won’t pay for a decent lunch.
Derek plays for a few more minutes and then looks at me. “What do you think?”
“Sounds like a guitar.”
He looks at the salesman. “What kind of case does it have?”
“Doesn’t come with one. Case is extra.”
“How much?”
“Sixty bucks.”
I snort. “You’re nuts.”
The salesman looks me up and down. “Maybe I can find a gig bag that it’ll fit in. I can sell you one of those for forty.”
I bat my lashes. “Can you make it thirty? The guitar’s at my limit.” I lean into him and whisper, “It’s his birthday present. I had to save up all year for it.”
He returns with the guitar in a black padded gig bag and rings up the sale. I ask for a complimentary set of strings, and the guy shakes his head and tosses a pack into the bag with a glare. Derek and I count out our money. After paying we have fifty bucks apiece.
I’m now actually looking forward to hot dogs. We scarf down two each before heading back to Lucifer’s lair, emotionally drained, our meager nest egg depleted. We take turns showering so we can get up early and make it to the audition before everyone else. When I get to our cots, I almost lean over and kiss Derek, but he’s already asleep.
I lay my head on my backpack and study the ceiling, the mortar between the bricks crumbly from the persistent dampness, and try to shut my racing brain off, the thoughts coming at hyperspeed, our big break only hours away.
We need to kill it tomorrow, or we’re going to live in tunnels for the rest of our lives. The thought depresses me more than anything so far. For the first time since leaving San Francisco, I’m daring to imagine a better life than the one I have, at the mercy of the elements and the predators that hunt the downtrodden and weak. I think about my tattoo and frown. There’s always something left to lose.
I’ve gotten so I hardly notice the trains rolling by during the night, shuttling the drunk and desperate around the island. My final thought as I drift off is that if freedom comes from having nothing, they don’t come any freer than me.
 
Chapter 25
When we arrive at the audition, there’s already a line around the block, and my heart sinks. I know we’re only one of hundreds of hopefuls, but to see everyone lined up like that, desperation wafting off them like heat from a furnace, brings reality home with a vengeance. NYPD uniformed cops are stationed along the sidewalk, doing crowd control and waving cars by, and even at 6:00 a.m. it’s controlled pandemonium. Portable toilets sit near a table with tanks of coffee on them, and I get us two cups.
A harried woman in a T-shirt and tan cargo shorts is moving slowly along the line, checking names from her clipboard. Behind her, a shorter man is handing out yellow paper squares with numbers etched on them with a black felt-tip. Clipboard woman makes her way to us, and we have a frightening moment when she can’t find Derek’s name. After a few minutes of checking, she finds the problem – somebody hit the wrong key and Derek became Erek. She hands us a square and moves on to the next contestant, her face tired even though the festivities are only starting.
As the morning wears on, the line inches forward, and I strike up a conversation with the guy in front of us – slim, his hair dyed Rhianna red, wearing skin-tight white jeans, white leather slip-ons, and a white silk dress shirt with ruffles down the front. He’s from Atlanta, his name’s Jeremy, and he moved to New York two months ago. He’s got a snarky sense of humor, a flamboyant Southern accent that’s musical, and spends the morning entertaining us with wicked comments about the other hopefuls. He can’t take his eyes off Derek, which I think is funny, although Derek doesn’t.
As the sun climbs into the pale blue sky, Jeremy fans his face with a folder containing head shots and a brief résumé. “Lord, it’s hot. I’m going to melt if this gets any worse.”
“At least they’ve got water,” I say. The crew’s been handing out bottles as the heat mounts.
Jeremy looks me up and down. “Where you from, sugar?”
I tell him our story. He runs a delicate finger over one eyebrow. “That’s doing it the hard way.” Another glance at Derek. Derek eyes the long line and ignores him.
“What’s in the folder?” I ask. Jeremy proudly shows off his résumé and photos. I read his accomplishments – musical theater, a band, an indie CD out – and feel totally unprepared. We don’t have anything but the clothes on our backs.
A gullwing Mercedes rolls by on the street, and Jeremy bursts out in song. “Oh, Lawd, won’t you buy meee, a Mer-say-deeeeeez Benz…”
His voice is beyond awesome. Derek and I exchange a glance. If everyone’s as good as Jeremy, we’re screwed.
“What are you going to sing today?” I ask.
“A Queen tune. ‘Crazy Little Thing.’” He breaks into song, and it’s Freddie Mercury reincarnated. Jeremy mugs and eye rolls and wields the folder like a diva, and I can’t help but laugh. Even Derek smiles. When he’s done, I applaud.
“You’re really good.”
“Thanks. I hope you don’t get all pissy when I win. I’ll still talk to you even when I’m a star. Whatever your name is,” he declares theatrically.
“I’m Sage, and this is Derek.”
Derek grimaces. “We’ll try to hide our disappointment.”
He shakes our hands, his nails painted a bright red, and his gaze lingers on Derek. Then he looks at me and says, “You go, girl.”
I blush, and then the line shuffles forward a few feet as the next group of ten is herded into the theater. A camera crew from one of the local TV stations appears from a double-parked van, and a female reporter with wonder hair and a raptor smile stands with us in the background and does her thirty-second sound bite. Some of the hopefuls wave at the camera, and several passing cars honk.
At four o’clock we’re finally at the stage door, and the woman with the clipboard appears wearing a wireless headset and mutters into it. Jeremy leans toward me and says, “Here we go. You ready?”
I nod, not trusting myself to speak. Lunch was another hot dog, and I’m running on adrenaline and caffeine now. I just want to have a chance to do our thing and get it over with. The woman motions for us to enter, and we tromp into the darkened interior, where it’s thirty degrees cooler. I hear someone singing to piano accompaniment – they’re good, but not great. The woman directs us to a waiting area just offstage, and a short man with a crew cut, wearing black slacks and a green polo shirt, nears.
“All right. Listen up. I’m Paul, the stage manager. When your number’s called, go onstage. You’ll be asked your name and where you’re from. Speak clearly. Name and place. They’ll ask you what you’re going to perform. You tell them, and they’ll give you the nod to start. You each have three minutes unless the judges cut you off, in which case the only response is ‘thank you,’ and you leave the stage. We’re filming the auditions, so everyone needs to sign a release.” He peers at me. “Are you eighteen?”
I lie. “Of course.”
He studies me and nods. “Hmm. All right. Everyone, the bathrooms are over there. We’ll be going in sequence. We’ll be ready for the first of you in about six minutes.” He eyes the four of us who have guitars. “You should tune up now, because once you’re on, that’s it.”
Paul holds his hand to his headset and listens, and then storms off with a curse. Jeremy grins and makes a face. “Drama llama.”
Derek and I drop our bags and pull out our guitars. We’re in tune in a couple of minutes, and we start warming up. Paul returns and calls the first contestant, number three hundred and seventy, who’s a nervous-looking young man wearing an oversized basketball jersey and baggy jeans. He follows Paul to the stage, and we turn our attention to the monitor, where we can watch the filming live.
The judges ask a couple of perfunctory questions and give him the go-ahead. He sings an a cappella version of an Usher song, and it isn’t bad. Not great, but certainly solid.
The next contestant is a country singer, one of the others with guitars. He makes it less than a minute before he’s stopped.
Then it’s Jeremy’s turn. He blows me an air kiss and does his best Japanese fan girl peace signs, and then sashays onto the stage. The judges seem amused by his cheeky attitude, especially the woman, who’s the wife of a has-been rocker best known for his inability to say anything intelligible or remember where he is.
Jeremy does his number, and when he’s finished, the judges actually clap, and after a short conference, congratulate him – Jeremy’s made it onto the show. I want to congratulate him, but he’s led to the far side of the stage – the winning side, I think – and Paul comes for us.
“Can someone watch our gear?” Derek asks.
“Just bring it with you. I can’t be responsible for everyone’s shit,” Paul snaps, clearly overloaded. Derek shrugs, and we carry our guitar cases and bags onstage, which is larger than it seems from in back, and we’re lit by a spotlight. I squint and hold my hand up so I can see the judges. Derek sets his rucksack and gig bag by his feet, and after a few seconds, curses. I glance at him in alarm. He whispers to me, “I don’t have a strap.”
The judges ask us our names, and I find my voice. “I’m Sage, and this is Derek. We’re from San Francisco and Seattle.”
The woman makes a note. “Did you come all the way here for the audition?”
“Yes, ma’am. We hitchhiked.”
“You did?” she says incredulously.
“We couldn’t come otherwise.” I don’t have to explain possible reasons why not.
The woman nods. “And what are you going to perform for us today, Sage and Derek?”
“An Aretha Franklin number. ‘Chain of Fools.’”
The male judge, Martin Lorensby, who’s also the head producer of the show, grunts. “Oh, good,” he says sarcastically. “Well, then. Get on with it.”
“Can we get a couple of chairs? We had a guitar stolen yesterday and just got this one, and they didn’t throw in a strap,” I say.
Martin calls out for Paul, and seconds later a stagehand appears from behind a curtain with two stools. We sit, and he looks at his watch impatiently and gestures for us to begin. I give Derek the note with my guitar and begin playing the rhythm. He starts the refrain, and I echo it with a bluesy gospel inflection. I sing the first verse, and he’s doing the echoes, and he takes the lead vocal on the second, with me answering every other line. Once we’re playing, the nervousness drops away and I’m lost in the song, transported to a different world, where it’s just me and the music…and Derek. We’re sounding really good, and Derek’s completely on, as am I. Halfway through the last chorus, just where we kick out all the stops and really let loose, riffing over each other’s voices, I dare a look at the judges, and they’re bopping their heads.
When we finish, all three judges stand, and the woman wipes a tear away. Martin rubs a hand across his unshaved face and shakes his head in wonderment.
The woman speaks first. “That was…you’re incredible! Absolutely incredible!”
The third judge, the head of a prominent record label, smiles. “Girl, how does a white chick who weighs as much as my coat have pipes like that? You did Aretha proud.”
I laugh nervously. “Thanks.”
Martin is eyeing Derek. “So you had a guitar stolen, huh?”
“Yes, sir,” he says.
“That’s New York for you.”
Everyone laughs knowingly. He glances at our bags. “Where are you staying?”
Derek shrugs. “Here and there.”
Martin leans over to his fellow judges, and the discussion’s short. When he looks back at us, he’s smiling for the first time. He speaks, and it’s like the clouds part on a stormy day.
“Well, Sage and Derek, you won’t be leaving New York just yet, because…it’s unanimous. You’re going to the show!”
I start laughing in relief and can’t stop. The woman claps spontaneously, and Derek offers me his victory grin. He looks like a million dollars, just glowing.
The cameraman approaches, trailed by another man with a battery pack, and pans over the judges, and then focuses on us. Paul waits until he’s done and gestures to me, calling us to the winners’ side of the stage. Jeremy’s waiting, signing a document and chatting with one of the grips, and he looks up when we arrive.
“Oh. My. Gawd. You two are on fire!”
He gives me a high five and hugs me. I feel self-conscious because my clothes aren’t as clean as I’d like, but he doesn’t seem to notice. When he releases me, he turns to Derek to hug him, too, but Derek sticks out his hand instead, and Jeremy shakes it while giving me a pursed-lip pout.
And then it’s my turn to hug Derek. He wraps his arms around me and pulls me to him, and I turn my face up, my eyes closed. I peek through one, and Derek’s lips are moving toward mine…and then Paul’s voice interrupts us, as abrasive as an alarm clock.
“Congratulations, you two. Now I’ve got some paperwork you need to fill out. Sage, can I have a word with you?”
I reluctantly pull away from Derek, the connection broken. He’s staring at me, and I at him, and it requires all my willpower to turn to Paul.
“Sure.”
I follow Paul over to a small podium with a light on it, and he eyes me over a pair of reading glasses. “I know you said you were eighteen, but I need to warn you that making it onto the show changes everything. If you’re not, that’s fine. I just need a form signed by your parent or guardian. I’m your friend in this, okay? I loved your act, and I think you’ve got a real shot – I’ve heard everyone so far. But you need to be completely honest. No bullshit, or it’ll come back to bite you later, and you’ll be disqualified.”
I don’t know what to do. My head’s spinning. I weigh the options and then sigh. “I’ll be eighteen in seven months.”
His face softens. “I thought so. Okay. Here’s what we’ll do. I’ll give you a form, and you need to send it to your mom or dad, have them sign it, and send it back. We’ll need an original eventually, but a scanned copy’s fine for right now.” He looks me up and down. “The first show takes place in three days. I’ll get you a schedule. You’ll both need to be here four hours before showtime for hair and makeup. We’ll be shooting it in this venue, live, every week for six weeks. Can you stay in New York that long?”
I shrug. “Sure. When does it start snowing?”
Paul’s expression says he’s surprised by the question. “Snowing? Why?”
“Our living situation…just tell me when it gets cold.”
“Don’t worry. Not until October or November. The show’s over way before then.” I can tell he wants to ask me something, but he seems to reconsider. Instead, he hands me an envelope. “Is Derek eighteen?”
I nod. “Yeah. Sure.”
“All right. This will be our little secret for now. Don’t let me down on this. Get them to sign it, okay?”
“I will.” I have no idea what I’m going to do. I haven’t talked to my mom in four months. For all I know she’s dead. And Ralph…I guess he’s technically my guardian. But he’d delight in refusing to sign. I won’t crawl on my belly for anyone.
I’ll figure something out. I made it this far.
I return to Derek with the papers, and we begin reading through them. The show wants a brief biography on each of us – some personal tidbits, it says, for publicity reasons. We have to agree to do brief interviews before and after each show, starting with today. There’s a list of questions: What was it like to perform on the Radio City Music Hall stage? What did I think of the judges? Was I nervous? How did it feel to hear that I got chosen to go on to the show? What will I do if I win? On and on.
It’s overwhelming. Derek’s studying the questions when Jeremy sidles up next to me. “Hey, sunshine. I’m glad you’re going to be on the show. You’ve got a real…quality. Something special,” he says, and I feel heat rise to my face.
“You’re all kinds of awesome too, Jeremy. I loved the Queen song.”
“I just found out that there are only five of us so far that have been picked. That means only two out of the three hundred and something before us made it.”
“Wow.” I’m drifting, worrying about the form I need to have signed.
“Earth to Sage. Helloooo,” Jeremy says.
“What?” I snap out of my daydream and realize he asked me something.
“I said, let’s go out after this and celebrate.”
“Huh? Oh. I don’t know. Derek?”
Derek looks over at me.
“Jeremy invited us out. You want to do something?”
Derek’s expression is unsure, but then he brightens. “Sure. Why not?”
We agree to meet up at a restaurant in the East Village at eight. Jeremy’s obviously walking on air, and so am I, but for different reasons. My mind is whirling at the implications of making it into the real contest, but also with trying to figure out what to do about the paperwork. And of course, there’s Derek. I’m pretty sure he was about to kiss me, and the feeling of anticipation was…unbelievable.
Now I completely understand why Melody’s so hot and heavy on guys. My mind flashes to Derek, rivulets of shower water streaming down his hardened abs, rubbing the coarse towel on his thighs to dry them…and I flush again, but this time not from embarrassment.
 
Chapter 26
The rest of the afternoon is occupied with busywork and interviews. The woman, Lisa, who asks us the questions, is super nice and relaxed and easy to talk to. In my interview, I admit that I’m homeless right now, a ‘street performer,’ as she puts it. Instead of the repulsion I’m used to getting, she actually seems really interested and asks about our hitchhiking trip, where we’re staying in New York – I’m deliberately vague, saying a different place every night – and what it’s like to go on to the show.
By the time we’re done and ready to leave, I’m starving. It’s already seven o’clock – and the contestants are still coming in through the stage door. One more person has gotten picked so far, an office supply clerk who sings opera and is amazing. She’s sweet and has an entourage of her parents and siblings with her.
We walk down to the Village and hook up with Jeremy, who regales us with stories of living in New York, auditioning for Broadway shows, and life as a waiter at the restaurant where he works most afternoons and evenings. He describes Atlanta in unflattering terms and is obviously relieved to be living in the Village, where he’s sharing a small flat with a roommate – an actor.
Dinner is great Italian, and we share two bottles of wine. The waiter doesn’t ask us for ID. He knows Jeremy, and by the time the second bottle’s drained, my head is spinning. I’ve been holding Derek’s hand for the last half hour under the table, and as much as I’m enjoying Jeremy’s stories and attitude, I can think of other ways I’d rather be passing the time.
We say good-bye, and there are hugs all around. Jeremy gives me his cell number and says we have to hook up for a cappuccino at some point before the show begins. We agree, and then Derek and I are walking down the darkened streets, which are filled with pedestrians in summer clothes, everyone in a hurry.
At a light, I lean my head against Derek’s arm. “I don’t want to go back to the subway.”
“I know. You want to get some coffee or something?”
“Sure.”
One of the cool things about cities is there are cafés every fifty yards. We grab a table at one and order, Derek drip, me a cappuccino in honor of my new friend. When the drinks arrive, Derek feels in his pocket and pulls out a few bills. “That’s the end of mine. We need to get busy tomorrow and refill the kitty.”
“Just another day in paradise, huh?” If we were expecting anything to change, reality has been a total letdown so far.
“Hey, we’re one step closer to our half million.”
“I know. It feels like a dream. I still can’t believe it.”
He stares off into the distance. “Yeah. I know what you mean.”
I want to ask him something I’ve been wondering about for a while. “When you had your old partner – how good were you two? Anything like us?”
He takes a sip of his coffee and makes a face. “This is kind of crap.”
“Mine’s not bad.”
I wait for him to answer my question. He gets a distant look on his face. “We were good, but different.”
“In what way?” I press.
“You’re way cuter than he was.”
“I hope so.”
“And your voice blends better with mine.”
“Why did you guys split up?”
Derek’s demeanor changes. He’s clenching his jaw – I can see the muscles working. I wonder why this is a loaded subject, but nothing I could have imagined prepares me for what follows.
“He died. Heroin.”
“Oh, God, Derek. That’s terrible. I’m sorry. Were you…were you close?”
“Yeah,” he says, looking down at his boots, studying them. “Yeah, we were. We knew each other a long time.”
“I frigging hate drugs.”
Derek nods. “He was a great kid, but he couldn’t handle the streets. He got caught up with the wrong people. You know how it goes. First it was smoking now and then, and then skin plinking, and pretty soon his veins are collapsing and he’s lost twenty pounds.” His voice cracks on the final words, and I take his hand in mine. “I should have done something. Done more.”
“It’s not your fault, Derek. There’s nothing you can do if someone goes down that road. You know that from being on the street. Sucks, but it’s the truth. Once the drug’s got them, it’s not about you anymore.”
“I know, but it’s still hard.”
His eyes are moist, and I regret asking about it. I try to say the right words, to soften the grief he’s feeling. “I’m sorry. It sounds like it was hard for you.”
He squeezes my hand and sobs softly, only once, but the sound breaks my heart. I inch toward him, but he raises a hand to his face and shakes his head. “It was. My partner…” His voice tightens and then cracks again. “My partner…was my little brother.”
 
Chapter 27
I don’t know what to say. I want to hold Derek, comfort him, smother him with kisses. But he’s retreated into himself, into whatever personal hell waits inside his head, and I know enough not to intrude. After a few minutes of silence, he takes several deep breaths and continues.
“We used to joke about going on America’s Got Talent or X Factor. That’s what gave me the idea when I heard about this show. I thought of him, and I figured I’d try it, if nothing else, to honor his memory. It’s just so…so frigging sad and pointless. When my mom died, we both wound up on the street, and I really thought he’d do okay, that he could handle it. I looked out for him, and we made enough to get by. I even made him stay in school, walked with him every day, rain or shine.”
“Oh, Derek…”
“But he never got over my mom. I think he secretly wanted to find out what the attraction was, why she chose to trade her life for drugs. Either that or he wanted to escape. He was…he was a gentler soul than I am. More vulnerable. I didn’t even know he was using until his habit got so big that he was stealing from our pot. But by then…I tried to get him onto methadone, but the program in Seattle sucks. In the end it got so he’d disappear for days at a time. I knew what he was doing, but I couldn’t stop it.” He pauses and releases my hand. “First my mom, then my brother.”
Some days I feel like I’m three years old, living in a grown-up world I don’t understand. I’ve had my share of adversity, but nothing like this. I try to imagine what it feels like to lose a younger brother who I’m basically parenting, but I can’t. The closest I can come is my mom, and she’s an adult.
He takes another sip of coffee. “I left Seattle after he overdosed. That’s when I moved to Vegas. Big mistake. But there were too many bad memories for me back home, too many ghosts.”
There’s nothing I can do to make it better. So I respect his privacy and sit in silence. He’s stopped talking, and I’m not going to force him.
We finish our coffee, but I’m still a little buzzed from the wine. One of the big pluses of hardly drinking is I get the active effect from almost nothing. We make our way toward the subway station, and my stomach tightens as the area goes from bad to terrible. This is the latest we’ve been out, and the Bowery has a deserved reputation for being one of the worst areas in town – no small accomplishment.
We pause at a corner, waiting for the light to change. Music drifts from the open doorway of a bar across the street, and I recognize it – Sade. It used to be one of my favorites when I was a kid, and it brings back memories of happier times. Two thugs eye us from near the bar, and Derek moves closer and takes my hand. They look us up and down and go back inside. I exhale with relief and then make a snap decision.
“Congratulations again on the show, Derek. We make a good team,” I say and put my guitar case down and hug him. He seems surprised but hugs me back, and then before I can chicken out, I raise my mouth to his.
His full lips brush mine, hesitantly, the lightest tremble of a feather, and then he’s lowering his to mine, his arms tightening around me.
It’s exactly what I always knew it would be like in my best dreams, only better. We breathe as one and I stand on my tiptoes to get higher, greedy for more. The taste of him is like heaven, warm and male and Derek, salty and musky and everything good. A liquid rush surges through me, and I feel lost, my only connection to the world his mouth.
This is nothing like my reluctant make-outs with boys in high school. This is real and immediate and intoxicating, and the intensity leaves me gasping. I let out a soft moan and press against him. My leg muscles feel like I’ve run a triathlon, and I’m weak and shaky. I want to keep kissing him for ever and ever, to lose myself in him, to make him mine.
He stiffens and pulls away, and I open my eyes, confused. “Don’t,” I say. “Don’t stop.”
Derek gazes down at me, and I see the hunger in his eyes. But instead of kissing me again, he shakes his head. I don’t know what’s wrong. Is it me? Maybe I’m a lousy kisser? Does my breath sicken him? Is he repelled?
“What?” I try again.
He hugs me to him, but it’s nothing like the last time. I feel safe, but empty. Something changed. He’s no longer responding the way he’s supposed to. I try not to feel rejected, but I’m crushed. I finally worked up the courage to kiss him, and he can’t get away fast enough.
“It’s me, isn’t it?” I say and try to keep the hurt from my voice.
He shakes his head. Sade finishes her song, and with it goes my hopes for something more with Derek.
“No, it isn’t you. I mean, yes and no. Yes, because I’ve been wanting to do that so badly – you’re awesome and beautiful and sexy and funny…”
When a guy starts reciting your positives instead of kissing you, you’re dead. I feel sick, the wine sloshing around in my stomach not helping.
“Right. That’s why you don’t want to kiss anymore. Because I’m so awesome.”
Derek’s mouth works, but no words come out. He makes a sound like a hurt puppy and tries again. “I do want to kiss you more. I want nothing more than to kiss you, Sage. Nobody but you.” He frowns slightly. “But it’s not a good idea…right now.”
“What, like right this minute? Or not now, like in this lifetime?” I can feel anger rising.
He shakes his head. “Let me try to explain. We’ve just accomplished something most people never do in their whole lives. We’re in the show. And we stand a good chance of winning it. Think about what that means, Sage. Think about how our lives will change if we win.”
What does this have to do with kissing? I’m waiting. He seems to expect a response, so I offer one. “Right, and that’s great, and I’m stoked. So why won’t you kiss me?”
He runs a finger over my cheekbone and pushes my hair aside. I hate my bangs right now. Hate, hate, hate them.
“I do want to. But when two people start…when they get romantic, everything changes. Sometimes for the good, sometimes not. The point is we’ve just done the impossible, together, as a team. Not as a couple. As two singers.” He sighs. “I don’t want to risk our future on something changing between us.”
“What? You’re afraid that if we keep kissing, we might not sing as well? Are you for real?”
“Sage, there’s a tension between us that’s really powerful. It’s dynamite when we sing. That’s part of what makes it magical. If we relieve that tension or do something to change it–”
“Wait. You’re saying that you really want to kiss me, and I really want to kiss you, but if we keep doing it, it might affect our…performance? And you’re serious?” My fury’s building, but I can’t seem to stop it. This is going all wrong. A moment before it was bliss, but now…
Derek steps back from me. “How many relationships have you been in, Sage?”
“Me? Enough.”
“I mean serious ones, with someone you want to be around all the time. Someone you’re head over heels for.”
I’m not going to answer that question. “What’s your point?”
“I’ve had a few girlfriends, and believe me, things change. Look, all we have to do is wait six weeks, and then this is over. At that point we can start fresh, pick up right where we left off, with that kiss. It’s only six weeks. And the stakes are high, Sage. Too high. It’s an all-or-nothing situation, and I don’t want to throw it away by doing the wrong thing.”
I’m furious that he’s willing to reject me over the show, but I remember Helen’s words and force myself to stay calm. Derek obviously isn’t lying about wanting me. That kiss didn’t lie. But he’s trying to think with his head, not his…he’s trying to do the right thing for us, for our shot at changing our lives. He’s not rejecting anyone – it only seems that way because I’ve invested so much in getting him to kiss me, and with kisses, it becomes way more than just that. And he knows it. He’s telling me that it’s way more for him, too, and he doesn’t want to play with dynamite, at least until the show’s over.
The difference between Derek and me is that I’ll happily risk our chances at winning to get what I want, which I’ve decided is Derek. And he won’t. He’s trying to be responsible in the same methodical way that he eats.
I try to see it from his perspective, and have to admit there’s a logic to it. But I don’t care about logic. I want his lips on mine, now, goddammit, and he’s not playing.
I’m drained, and tired, and all I have to look forward to is another night of rats and stinky bodies and snoring and subways. Any interest I had in kissing is slipping away.
“But once it’s over, you really do want to pick this back up?”
He steps close to me again and frames my face with his hands. He leans into me, and his lips flit across mine, and then his fingers are in my hair, pulling gently, the slight pain exquisite. I close my eyes, not thinking, and he whispers in my ear before kissing the lobe.
“More than anything, Sage. If you only knew how much, you’d understand how hard it is for me to do the right thing.”
I know, all right. My body’s sending me every signal possible to tell me that Derek’s the one, and it wants him more than I would have thought possible. It’s a completely new sensation, unfamiliar but as powerful as a steam engine, and it’s taking every bit of will I have to keep from tearing his clothes off right here on the street.
How the hell am I going to make it six weeks? Six minutes seems like an eternity.
I pull away and retrieve Yam, and he lifts his rucksack. He takes my hand and looks down at me.
“We good?”
I want to cry, I’m so frustrated. WWMD? Crap. I sniff back tears and nod, both hating him and wanting him more than I thought possible.
“We’re way better than good, Derek.” I shake my head. “It’s going to be a long six weeks.”
 
Chapter 28
My night goes by without any sleep as I toss and turn, trying to make sense of Derek’s reasoning. Eventually the wine burns through my system, leaving me with a dehydrated, spent feeling, which doesn’t help. I want to slide my cot next to his and talk him out of his conviction that us being anything more than friends will risk our chances, but a rancid utility area on a closed subway route filled with the homeless isn’t exactly ideal for intimacy.
I try to understand his thinking, but I’m not getting it. Derek’s already way more than just a friend – the kiss proved that to me, if I didn’t already know it. How can he be so logical and detached when I’m grinding my teeth and trying to come up with an excuse to repeat it?
Which is his point. Things have already changed between us. I don’t feel the same as I did a week ago. And now I’m losing sleep over it. If I’m looking for proof that there might be something to his fears, all I have to do is look in the mirror. My mind isn’t on the show, on winning, or on anything but Derek.
I hate that he’s right.
The next day we’re up early and playing for our breakfast. New York isn’t a generous city to musicians, partly because of its tough character, but also because there are so damned many of us. All the best spots are taken, so we’re stuck in areas where people are jostling and rushing to be somewhere else, most with little time or interest in stopping and listening, much less in parting with tips.
Derek hasn’t said anything more about last night, and neither have I. We can both sense that even discussing it will cause more drama, which is what he’s trying to avoid. We finish the day with sixty dollars to split, which will cover hot dogs and coffee, but not a lot else.
The following day is a repeat, with the only variation lunch with Jeremy. Derek passes, wanting to play through the peak hours, so it’s just the two of us at a little wraps restaurant in midtown.
The good thing about Jeremy is he’s not hard to spot, even in a crowd. His flamboyant red hair and colorful wardrobe announce his presence before he sees me and waves. He’s wearing a lime green tank top and khaki yoga pants, his outfit completed with a pair of huarache sandals and white-framed sunglasses that cover most of his upper face. He throws his arms wide when I approach and lets out a little scream. The other diners largely ignore him.
We hug, and I notice that he smells like something expensive. I sit down, and he takes off his glasses. He’s wearing a little mascara.
“So, dahling, how are you coping in Nueva Yorka? Getting along okay?”
I nod. “We’re playing all day, so we’re eating.”
He purses his lips. “And how are you doing with that hunk of burning man who follows you around like a puppy?”
“Oh, you know. Nothing’s ever easy.”
“Tell me about it. Believe you me, even for someone as obviously a catch as I, it’s hard to find decent material. You’re lucky to have him, I’d say.”
“Well, I don’t really have him.”
Jeremy’s eye roll is as dramatic as a silent movie star’s. “Girlfriend, yes, you do. It’s written all over his face. He’s smitten.”
I sigh. Jeremy’s easy to talk to, and so over-the-top about everything that nothing I say is going to shock him, I can tell. So I share the last couple of days with him and ask his opinion. When I finish, he’s shaking his head as he nibbles on his wrap.
“Boy, that’s a toughie. Everyone I know is on the same page. Life’s too short to delay pleasure. I can resist anything but temptation, as the saying goes.”
“So you agree there’s no reason to be platonic?” I so want him to say yes.
“I didn’t say that. I just meant that all my friends have poor judgment and high hopes. But you don’t seem happy at all, and I don’t blame you. If I had a strapping young buck like Derek, there’d only be one thing on my agenda, and it wouldn’t be anything you could put on TV.”
I giggle. He’s so cut and dried. Reminds me a lot of Melody. I feel like I’m the only one on the planet who isn’t in the same movie – an X-rated one. No, I’m walking around in a bad seventies sitcom, and the joke’s on me.
The talk turns to tomorrow’s first show. Jeremy’s decided to lead with “Somewhere Over The Rainbow.” Derek and I have agreed that we’d stick to something that would showcase both our vocals equally, and will be doing a Beatles number we’ve come up with a novel arrangement for. It’s a favorite in our daily routine, and we’ve been using that feedback to evaluate what works and what doesn’t – a huge advantage the other acts don’t have.
By the time we finish lunch, which we split, I feel like I’ve known Jeremy forever, and I text Melody to tell her about my new friend. She doesn’t have any advice to offer about Derek other than what I expected: “You get naked and he’ll change his mind.”
Which, while possibly true, ignores that I’ve never been naked with anyone, much less changed their mind.
Derek and I finish up our day. We made less than yesterday, which is a little depressing, but it doesn’t seem to matter as much as it might if we weren’t going to be on the Radio City Music Hall stage tomorrow, on national television. We’ve both got that sensation of drifting along, passing time until we learn whether we’re going to make it through the first disqualification round. Now we’re not competing to see if we’re good enough to be in the show, we’re competing against each other, and the other contestants are likely to be equally good.
Derek’s muted over dinner, and I try to engage him. “You know what tomorrow night is?”
He takes a bite of his chicken and smiles. “The big show – how can I forget?”
“No, although that’s right, it is tomorrow, isn’t it?”
He looks at me, puzzled.
I smirk. “It’s our one-week anniversary living with Lucifer!”
He almost spits food all over the table, and laughs for the first time in days. I miss that, his easy sense of humor, always close to the surface.
“That’s right. And here I was, all wrapped up in that silly contest,” he says.
I shake my head. “I know.” I don’t say that in another couple of days it will be our three-week anniversary. “It’s all about you, isn’t it?”
“We should ask for better bunks. Fewer lice or something.”
“You think he’ll let me have a rat for a pet? I figure I can ride it through the tunnels for fun.”
Derek’s eyes dance in the restaurant lights. “Teach it to do tricks. Maybe there’s money in that.”
“Or to sing. If my partner steps on the third rail, I’m hosed.”
His face grows serious. “You really think the approval form will wash?”
I faked my mom’s signature on the form after agonizing over calling her for two days. I figure there’s no way they can check it, so nobody’ll be the wiser.
“Sure. Paul just needs to cover his ass. Now he can say with a straight face that I’ve provided everything I need, and he’ll move on to the next menu item. With fifty contestants, he’s got his hands full.” The show’s organized so that all fifty of us will perform this week, with the twenty-five lowest ranking to be disqualified during the two-hour debut program. The following two weeks will be brutal, with the amount of time available demanding that at least a quarter of the acts get cut off by the judges midway through their performance. Then the next two weeks, two-thirds of the contestants will be booted, leaving five or six finalists at the judges’ discretion, who will compete on the last night, two songs per act.
Derek studies me. “You nervous?”
“Nah. What’s there to be nervous about? Singing in front of thousands of people for the first time in my life with everything riding on it – no pressure or anything.”
“Seriously.”
“I’m fine, Derek. After Lucifer’s, this is nothing.”
I manage a few hours of sleep after a chaste peck on the cheek from Derek. The first thing I’m going to do if I make real money is burn my backpack and buy the most expensive pillow in the world – maybe with a chocolate dispenser and an Internet connection. If that isn’t a thing yet, I’ll have someone invent it.
The next day we arrive at the theater a little before three o’clock. Paul’s there with his clipboard and checks us off before handing us laminated passes. I give him the bogus form, and he passes it to an assistant, and then another man who could be his twin shows us to our dressing room. Eight contestants already there, none of whom we know. Jeremy arrives moments later and greets us like long-lost siblings, and I feel a little better.
A woman comes in and clears her throat, and the room falls silent.
“Ladies and gentlemen, we’ll be taking you five at a time to hair and makeup. It’s first come, first served. Who wants to go first?” she asks, and everyone’s hands shoot up. Jeremy and I exchange a glance, and I lower mine. Derek catches on and drops his, as does Jeremy, and soon the initial five are herded off while everyone else waits.
Jeremy shakes his head. “This is like getting on a plane. It’s so funny to watch everyone jockeying to be the first when it can’t take off until the last person’s on board.”
My phone vibrates. It’s Melody. She’s going to watch at home and record it.
Melody: I’m sooo excited! U get new clothes or anything?
Me: I’m wearing my least dirty jeans and my best Harley T-shirt.
Melody: WTF. Don’t they give you outfits?
Me: Not so far. Maybe in the semifinals. Dunno. My luck it’ll be a penguin suit.
Melody: They pay you?
Me: In experience.
Melody: Can’t eat experience.
Me: And exposure. Lotta exposure.
Melody: Bogus.
A camera crew enters and films us, probably for filler between the acts. We’re on the schedule to spend five minutes talking to someone in a preshow interview, which will predictably be the same questions everyone always asks.
When the first group returns, some look completely different, others about the same, with the exception that everyone’s got a base of foundation on their faces. Another five, this time including Jeremy, march off, and Derek and I are alone. A few of the other contestants approach us and introduce themselves, but we aren’t talkative, preferring to noodle on our guitars rather than play the game of one-upmanship we hear going on around us, everyone discussing their managers, or the show they’re going to be appearing in, or their recording schedule.
Jeremy returns, and it’s our turn. The hairdresser I get wants to try all kinds of things with gel and twists and whatnot, none of which I’m into, and in the end I settle for a quick wash and dry with some trimming of my split ends. My dye is growing out, so she touches it up, and then it’s the makeup guy’s turn. He takes no more than ten minutes, and when I see my reflection, a stranger looks back – it’s been that long since I had on any kind of makeup. He’s gone heavy on the mascara, a goth thing, and I’m like, whatever.
Derek lets his hairstylist talk him into gelling his hair back, and when I get a look at him, I’m speechless. If he normally looks like sex walking, now he could easily be the main attraction at an awards banquet, he’s that stunning. His skin is tanned from being outdoors all day, and it now frames his green eyes perfectly, the gel job heightening the impact of his cheekbones and chiseled jawline.
He turns to me and smiles as his eyes widen. “Wow. You look great!”
I consider his profile and smile sadly. “Ha, ha. Very funny.”
“No, really, you do. I’ve…I’ve never seen you with makeup.”
“If I had a camera, I’d take a picture.” What I don’t say is that I look like a bag lady compared to his movie-star looks. Now, with his worn biker jacket, tight jeans, and black T-shirt, he reminds me of one of those famous actors from the fifties, whose name escapes me.
We return to the dressing room, and Jeremy’s mouth drops open when he sees Derek. “Oh my Lord above, you can take me home right now, do you hear? Because I’ve seen everything worth seeing, amen!” I can’t help but laugh, and he looks me over. “If I was into chicks, I’d give you a run around the block, too.”
I blush because I know he’s just trying to make me feel better. I’m not a fashion model, and physically, Derek’s in a league all his own. At least that’s how it seems to me.
Jeremy squints at Derek and snaps his fingers. “James Dean. It’s James Dean reincarnated.”
Our interview is exactly what I expect, and I let Derek do most of the talking. I offer a nod or a “yup” where appropriate, but other than that, he’s doing great, and there’s no point in me sticking my foot in my mouth on camera.
The contestants draw numbers to decide the performance order, and we’re in the middle of the pack, number twenty-eight. Jeremy gets forty-two, which he’s thrilled with – nobody wants dreaded number fifty, or number one. The judges and the crowd will be tired by the final act, and be harder on the first performer than they might be on the rest – at least that’s his take.
Whether it’s true, I have no idea.
A monitor is set up near the door, and we watch as the show starts. The judges are introduced, and then the first contestant takes the stage – a Jamaican man with dreadlocks galore who takes a stab at a Michael Jackson song with disastrous results. He’s shut down by the abrasive sound of the buzzer, and the next contestant is called. This time it’s a girl not much older than me, trying her luck with a Celine Dion song, and she does better.
Eventually the novelty of watching the battle wears thin, and we tune our guitars. Our warm-up consists of singing some of the songs we do on the street, and judging by the approving nods from some of the other contestants, we’re sounding pretty good.
Jeremy comes over and gives me a high five. “If I wasn’t singing tonight, I’d put money on you two.” He turns to the monitor, where a woman’s giving the obligatory twenty-second high note sustained at the end of the song, the musical equivalent of the sax player who sustains a note for a minute, which requires little but breath control but is an audience favorite.
The crowd goes wild at the end of her song, but the judges aren’t as impressed, judging by the scores. Number twenty takes the spotlight and quickly gets booted, and then we’re being ushered to the side of the stage, carrying our guitars. Paul’s there, and when he sees me, he moves closer.
“I’ve got a couple of stools for you, in case you didn’t get a strap yet,” he says, and Derek grins. My nerves are jumping under my skin, but Derek looks like he’s ready to take a nap. At that moment I kind of hate him, even if the effect he’s having on me is anything but hate.
Then it’s time for the act before us, a three-hundred-pound Samoan woman who performs a soulful rendition of a Gloria Gaynor song, which goes over well. The scores are solid, and then Paul’s telling one of the stagehands to carry our stools out. Ten seconds later he gives us the signal. “You’re on.”
I’m surprised by how I can feel the air crackling in the large theater, the audience’s energy palpable. We take our stools, and the announcer introduces us. A few whistles and some polite applause float to the stage, and after a winning smile at the audience, Derek strums the first notes of the song, and we begin.
Our rendition only lasts two and a quarter minutes, but by the time we’re done, the audience is standing, cheering. The last chord dies, and I glance at Derek, who gives me a small nod. The stagehands take the stools away while we stand and wait for the judges’ scores, and when they come in, they’re the highest of the show – two tens, and a nine from Martin, who’s got a reputation as a complete asshat.
We troop offstage and are replaced by the next performer, who gets axed a minute in. I want to watch Jeremy, but we’re pulled aside by the backstage interviewer to describe what it was like to get the best scores of the show so far.
I let Derek do most of the talking again, but the interviewer wants me to be more involved, and keeps directing the questions to me. The toughest are about my family. “Your mother must be so proud.” I tell her my mom’s sick, and don’t elaborate, but she keeps fishing. Finally, to get her off my back, I tell her how happy I am the crowd liked us, and how sweet it is that we’re going to make it to the next round, blah, blah, blah.
When we’re done I’m emotionally gutted – I’m fairly shy about talking. Ask me to sing, and ever since I was a small child I’d wail away, but if I had to find my words, I clammed up.
Old habits die hard.
Next are the photographs, and we’re done just in time to see Jeremy stop the show with his number, which scores through the roof. I’m swelling inside I’m so happy for him, but a part of me realizes he’s a competitor and I should be wishing for him to tank. I just don’t have that killer streak in me, though. If I’m going to win something, I don’t want it to be because others had a run of bad luck.
My phone vibrates, and I check the little screen. Melody’s going nuts.
Melody: U R awesome sauce. Sweet! U deserve 2 win!!!
Me: Thanks. U record it?
Melody: Of course.
The rest of the show goes by in a blur. In the end we were the high score for the premiere and are already a favorite, judging by the crowd. Paul brings over a well-groomed Asian woman, who introduces herself as Sabrina, the media coordinator for the show, and she proceeds to tell us that they’re setting up appearances over the next couple of days for publicity – that a couple of local morning shows have expressed interest in having us on.
“We have to work every day,” I say.
“Surely they’ll let you have a day or two off?”
She doesn’t get it. “If we don’t work, we don’t eat.”
She looks at me like she doesn’t understand. I spell it out. “We’re street performers. No play, no pay.”
Polished as she is, she’s stumped. She obviously doesn’t know our story.
“Derek and I are homeless. If we don’t play for at least six to eight hours every day, we don’t have any money. I’m sorry. It sounds like a wonderful opportunity, but that’s reality.”
“But…where are you staying?”
I don’t want to get into this with her. “Here and there. All over the place. We move around a lot.”
She goes away, for which I’m thankful. It’s great that we did well, but now all I want to do is get out of there and go someplace with Derek.
But that’s not to be. Sabrina returns and hits us with a radiant smile. “I spoke with the producers. They can offer you a stipend for your time. How much do you earn in a day?”
I’m about to tell her a hundred bucks, but Derek stops me. “Usually a couple hundred dollars.”
Sabrina doesn’t even blink. “Great. We’ll give you double that. I’ll schedule you for the morning show tomorrow and a daytime talk show the day after.”
I frown. “Do we have to talk or just sing?”
“Depends. Some just want you to perform, some will want you to talk afterward.”
I look down at my Chucks. “I kinda hate talking.”
Sabrina smiles again. “Don’t worry. You’ll get used to it. The crowd loved you. Keep up the good work.” She turns to leave, and I touch her arm.
“When do we get the money?”
She thinks for a second. “I can have a check cut tomorrow.”
I blush. “We don’t have a bank account.”
She leaves and comes back two minutes later with four hundred-dollar bills and hands them to me. “Martin said not to worry. We’ll pay you out of petty cash.” She eyes Derek and then returns her gaze to me. “How do we get hold of you?”
I pull out my cheapo burner phone and give her the number. “But text me. It’s way cheaper.”
She smiles kindly, the warmth finally making it to her eyes. “Will do. I’ll get you the information on where to go tomorrow morning. It’ll be early, though.”
“What’s early?” Derek asks.
“Maybe six for makeup.”
I smile, thinking about how we got to the audition at not much later than that. “No problem. We’ll be there.”
Jeremy invites us for a late bite, and we tell him about the appearances. He’s happy for us, but you can tell he’s also a little jealous – nobody asked him to do any. It’s a harsh reminder of the reality of our situation: second place doesn’t count. The world only cares about winners, and like it or not, for this week, at least, we’re winners, with more money in our pockets for a few hours of aping for the cameras than we’ve made since hitting New York.
I’m looking at Derek as he jokes with Jeremy, and feel a twinge of regret. I want to hold him, smother him with kisses, lick his neck, maybe shower with him somewhere that isn’t named after hell. None of which I say. Because it would make things difficult.
And now, with TV appearances and money in hand, the reality of the stakes are undeniable.
Whether I want him or not, looks like he might have been right after all.
I completely hate that, and a small part of me hates myself as well for not caring about what’s best for us, only about what will make me feel best.
None of which makes this any easier, show winners or not.
 
Chapter 29
The morning show was a complete surprise. The audience went crazy for us, and when we finished playing, there were three girls holding up a sign with our names on it. I felt like Beyoncé for a few seconds before I smelled a rat – either the show or Sabrina probably put them up to it.
What wasn’t as much of a surprise was how the female hostess fawned all over Derek. He’s in his element with all the attention, born for this, whereas I feel like I’m a complete imposter. Not in terms of the singing – that’s the part I enjoy. Just, oh, everything else.
The next day we do an afternoon show, and there are a number of females shrieking Derek’s name, and even a couple screaming mine. It’s surreal, like we were The Beatles arriving to play Shea Stadium.
Two days into this, and we still have seven hundred of the eight we’d been paid. Neither of us can believe our good fortune. Day three we have no appearances, so we try playing, but within minutes we’re recognized and people want to talk to us, to be near us, instead of listening and giving us money. I’m not the problem – with my cap and shades on, I could be anybody. But when you look like Derek, there’s little you can do to disguise yourself. And frankly, why would you want to?
He buys a baseball hat and sunglasses, and the attention eases, but it’s obvious that if we keep on doing well in the contest, our street performing days are over, at least until the hubbub dies down.
Day four is another appearance and another payday. Derek and I have discussed it, and he feels like the show should be paying us more, like four hundred apiece. I disagree, remembering being ecstatic only a few days ago when we had a hundred-dollar day.
“They’re making millions off the ratings, and we’re getting crumbs from petty cash. It’s bullshit,” he announces that morning on the way to the studio.
“Right. I mean, I can’t even afford to fly business class to Monaco, for crying out loud.”
He laughs at my serious expression when I say it.
“I mean it. They can afford it. We’re living in the subway and making them rich.”
I slow. “Derek, enjoy this while it lasts. We could get the boot next show. Or the next. None of this is guaranteed, and we’re only one so-so performance away from the street again. If we can make four hundred a day even a couple times per week, we win, okay?”
He nods, and we pick up the pace. “You’re right. I just get pissed off when I think about it.”
“Don’t. What was it you said the other night? We need to keep our eyes on the prize. Nothing can come between us and our goal.” It feels snarky to remind him, but I’m not feeling all that generous this morning, after another long night wishing I was in a room with him instead of in the bowels of the subway system.
“Good point. I’ll chill. But it’s still unfair.”
I let him have the last word. Maybe it is unfair. That’s how the world works. Those with power abuse those without. I’m completely clear on which camp I fall into, but it seems like Derek’s forgetting.
The show’s great, and I see Sabrina was right – it does get easier. I even find myself talking more during the interview part, relaxed and easy, the glare of the set lighting and the blinking of cameras now just part of the background noise.
I have lunch with Jeremy again the day before the second show, and he’s changed his hair color to shocking blue. Somehow it fits. He looks happy and regales me with stories about auditions he went on, his crappy job and the spoiled snots he has to serve with a smile, and his roommate, who’s becoming a problem – he lost his job and hasn’t been able to get another one, and Jeremy’s worried he’ll show up one evening after work to find the roommate cleared out.
Neither of us talk about the next day’s show. We’re both afraid that doing so might jinx it, although it didn’t have that effect the last time. When I say good-bye, he gives me a big hug and a peck on each cheek, and for a minute I almost believe that we might make it to the finals.
When I meet Derek at two, I immediately smell alcohol on him. I ask him what he’s been up to, and he explains that he met a couple of fans who recognized him and who bought him a few rounds. Apparently nobody cards in New York – or at least nobody cards Derek, which doesn’t surprise me. He looks mid-twenties to people who don’t know him.
I don’t want to bag on him for drinking. It’s none of my business. My instinct is to say something, but I suspect that’s my life with good old mom surfacing, so I bite back any smart remarks.
Derek’s happy, in a good mood, and he’s talking about the future, about what we’ll do when we win. Not my favorite topic, because it seems like building castles in the air is setting us up for disappointment. He keeps yammering, though, and I wonder exactly how much he drank – he’s usually sensitive to my signals, but right now he’s missing all of them.
The next day we’re at the theater four hours early, and this time I let the hairdresser do whatever she wants. She takes a little more time, washes my hair and touches up the roots again, and then breaks out the gel and the blow drying. By the time she’s done, I can’t tell whether I like it or hate it – it’s parted in the center, the bangs held back with a couple of bobby pins, very retro. The makeup guy goes heavier on the eyes this time, and when he’s done, I think I look like Katy Perry’s trashy little sister. But everyone’s telling me it’s the bomb, so I roll with it.
We draw numbers again, and this time Derek and I are second to last. Jeremy’s griping for the opposite reason – he got the dreaded number one. I try to comfort him, but he’s a bundle of nerves.
“Jeremy, number one means the audience is fresh. They love you from last week. Just go out and blow them away.”
“Number one is the kiss of death.”
“Who says? Who told you that?”
“Everyone knows it.”
“Right, but how? I mean, let’s think about this. What happened to number one from last week?” I realize my mistake as soon as I say it, and flush.
Jeremy holds my gaze and speaks in a monotone. “Reggae Mon. Got the five-finger death punch seconds in.”
“Jeremy, listen to me. Don’t psych yourself out. What are you singing tonight?”
“A little Bruno Mars.”
“Oh, wow. You’ll be sick. Your voice was made for that.”
He pouts. “Stop trying to make me feel good.”
Apparently my mouth has no off switch tonight. “You sound like Derek.” I want to dig a hole and crawl into it the moment I say it, and I look over my shoulder to where Derek’s talking with some of the other singers.
“Ooh, girl, hiss.” He makes a cat claw with his hand and swipes the air. “I guess I won’t be asking how Mister Thang is going.”
“It’s stalled in first, out of gas.”
“Are you talking car jargon to me? Kind of butch. I like it. Do it some more.”
His mind’s now flitted away from being distraught over number one, and I smile. I’ve noticed that Jeremy is all about right this second. Has short attention span disorder, or whatever they call it. You hold up something shiny and he’s instantly distracted.
The sad thing is that in this case, the distraction is my crater of a love life.
Jeremy destroys the Bruno Mars song and earns an ovation and two tens and a nine, Martin as usual holding back the love. When he returns to the dressing room, he’s grinning ear to ear, and I hug him tight. I know the insecurity he’s feeling, the superstitious fears that convince you that it could all fall apart any instant. I could write a book about them, or at least, a pretty long country song.
The show rolls around, and by the time we go on, I’m almost bored. The obligatory stools materialize on stage, and when we walk out, the crowd goes frigging berserk, and we haven’t even played a note yet. Derek holds his guitar aloft and grins at the crowd while I take my seat and adjust the mic. The hooting and stamping dies down, and we start the song – Hall & Oates, “So Close.” It’s a beautiful melody and relatively unknown, which means fifty other hopefuls haven’t performed it, and it showcases our vocals beautifully, highlighting our different strengths.
When we finish, it’s another standing ovation, and even Mr. Sourpuss Martin seems pretty impressed. When the crowd quiets down, the three judges give us their impressions, and when it comes time for Martin, he’s nothing but complimentary, which shocks me – this is a guy who could find fault with the parting of the Red Sea. Which is all awesome, but what most impresses me is that Derek takes my hand while we’re being critiqued.
We get the first perfect score of the show – all tens, and the audience goes nuts again. For an instant I believe we can do this. We have twice so far. My customary skepticism whenever something good happens takes a breather, and it’s good.
Then Derek releases my hand, and we’re headed backstage, where Sabrina’s waiting in anticipation. She’s clearly taken a proprietary interest in us and now knows every detail of our bio and histories. I can’t tell whether she really likes us or just knows a heart-tugger opportunity when she sees one.
In the end, I suppose there’s no difference, which makes me sad.
She’s got several tabloids that want interviews, as well as a national late night show that’s expressed interest, and by the time we finish talking, it’s obvious that we’ll be booked at least four days next week.
I watch the final contestant try to follow us up to lackluster response, and try to ignore the quiver of unease in my gut.
It’s going too well.
Nothing in life has ever gone this well for me.
Naturally, I’m waiting for the other shoe to drop.
And when it does, it’s a whole box full.
 
Chapter 30
It’s three days later, and we’re finishing up our appearance on the talk show, the host joking with Derek, and it seems like nothing can stop us. Sabrina’s getting more requests for us than she can field, and we’re booked five days this week. We’ve gone from being broke drifters to the couple everyone wants a piece of – minor celebrities, an underdog story the media adores.
I found an apartment in the Bronx, not the greatest neighborhood, but clean and only a subway ride off the island, where the owner will rent us a studio apartment for three-fifty a week. The landlady’s a fan of the show, and when I admitted that I’m that Sage, she switched from hard-nosed landlady to fan, and within a few hours I’d handed over seven hundred dollars for two weeks’ rent.
It’s our second night in the apartment, and it’s impossibly luxurious – there’s a refrigerator, only a few hundred cockroaches, no rats that I can see, a bed, a TV, a small circular table with three chairs, and a sofa that’s more worn than Derek’s motorcycle jacket.
It’s heaven. Even if the water has a troubling brownish color for the first few minutes of showering, it’s a world away from Lucifer’s.
Derek waves at the studio audience as the host takes a break and cuts to commercial, and then we’re being escorted from the studio by Sabrina, who’s apparently working fifteen-hour days while the show’s airing. We stop in the lobby, and she signs out with the security guard and then turns to me.
“We’re on for tomorrow, right?” she asks, confirming our appearance in the morning for our second national TV appearance, this one on Good Morning USA.
“Absolutely. But we’re going to need to take Wednesday off. Rest up for the show,” I say. I don’t tell her that Derek promised to take me to the zoo.
“Perfect. Then tomorrow’s morning show, and an interview with that paper I told you about, and then you’re off. See you at six, right?”
“Yup.”
Whoever believes being an entertainer is easy has never actually tried it. We’re working longer and harder now than we did on the street, and there’s no end in sight. The media’s a monster that demands to be fed, and the only thing worse than being popular is being unpopular, when the calls stop coming and you’re yesterday’s news.
We grab dinner at a restaurant on West 73rd and then ride the train north to the Bronx, through Harlem. Those last five stops before the end of the island are the diciest at night, and we stay in the first car, where the driver’s compartment is located – that’s the least likely area for killings and robberies, we’ve been told.
The three-block walk from the station seems way longer at night than it did yesterday in the early evening, and I’m relieved when we bolt the door behind us. The apartment has bars on the windows and, most miraculous of all, an ancient AC unit that still works pretty well. It sputters on at the twist of a knob, and soon the little room’s bearable.
I take a long shower, luxuriating in the knowledge that I can bathe two or three times a day if I want. When I step out of the bathroom, hair still wet, Derek’s reading the schedule that Sabrina gave us with a frown. I know what he’s thinking – we should be getting more money – but this week we’re clearing two grand in cash from our appearances, and even after rent, we’re rich by my standards. I’ve already told him I’m going to take my half of the loot and get some new clothes and a decent haircut. I haven’t asked him what he’ll do with his.
My phone rings, and I answer it. Derek points to the bathroom, and I nod. I watch him cross the room with his hygiene bag as Melody’s voice greets me.
“Yo, homegirl. Whassup?” she chirps.
“Like I texted you, we’ve got a place! I’m super excited.”
“How is it?”
“After living in the tunnels, like the Taj Mahal.”
“That sounded totally sketchy. You must be stoked.”
“I am.”
“How’s wonder boy?”
“He’s good.” I don’t elaborate. Which only goads her on.
“You bump uglies yet? Make the beast with two backs? Do the nasty?”
“Nothing’s changed since yesterday.”
“Have you tried rubbing oil all over yourself and doing the forbidden dance for him?”
“The what?”
“Never mind. I can tell I’m wasting my valuable advice.”
“Pearls before swine,” I agree.
“In case I didn’t tell you, I’ve built a little shrine to Sage and Derek in my bedroom, and I’ve recorded every appearance you’ve made. You’re hella cute on the tube, you know.”
“They say the camera adds ten pounds.”
“It did ’em in the right spots.”
“How are you doing?”
“Compared to you? Bored out of my mind. I realized last week that what I really need is a hottie to sing with and a national TV presence. Can you help out on that?”
“I’ve heard you sing. Maybe juggling instead?”
“Don’t be bitter. I can tell you’re jealous. It’s unattractive in one so young.”
“Melody, I’m older than you.”
She breezes right past that, as always. “Did you see the article in the Tattler?”
The Celebrity Tattler is a tabloid that’s famous for its lurid covers, usually depicting aliens or starlets or both, and headlines like “I Married A Martian!” Not really my regular reading material. “No. What’s it about?”
“Oh, my God! You’re famous! I’ll have to scan it and send it to you. Did you ever get an email account?”
“Uh, no, Internet was kind of flaky at Lucifer’s. Rats chewed through the wires or something.” I spend almost zero time on the web. Which makes sense since I don’t own a computer, my phone’s a relic, and Internet cafés have been out of my budget until recently.
“Well, go buy it. It’s almost all wrong, but it’s funny as shit. I think they basically just invented most of it – although they did say your mom’s in the hospital.”
I close my eyes, but I’m not surprised. She’s been warned enough times. “What else does it say?”
“That you and Derek have been an item for a year, that there was a pregnancy scare, and that he’s battled drug and alcohol issues but seems stable now. And that you’re discussing your wedding if you win the contest.”
“Sounds like the only thing they left out was time travel.” We both laugh. “You could put my life on Disney right now. No weddings planned.”
“Duh. I just thought it was hysterical.”
We finish the call with a summary of her love life since I left, which could be a movie of the week, and she says that if we go to the finals, her mom agreed to fly her to New York for the show. The thought of Melody invading New York is almost too much to contemplate, and when I hang up, I miss my friend a lot.
Derek’s done with the bathroom when my phone rings again – a New York number I don’t recognize.
“Hello?” I answer.
“Sage? It’s Paul. From the show.”
“Oh. Paul. It’s kind of late, isn’t it?”
“Sorry, but I need to check this off my list. I just got out of a meeting with the producers and our legal team, and there’s a concern the attorneys raised. They said we need your waiver notarized.”
“What does that mean?”
“Your mom needs to take it to a notary public, who will verify her identity, and then stamp it and sign it. It’s a formality, but apparently an important one. Frankly, you’re the only minor on the show, so it hasn’t come up with anyone else. We’re all kind of learning.”
Crap. I can’t tell him that she can’t get it notarized because she never signed it in the first place, so I punt. “She’s in the hospital. Don’t you read the paper?”
“Oh, I’m sorry to hear that. Nothing serious, I hope.”
“It may be. We’re all hoping not, but…”
“I’ll tell the producers. How about your father?”
A vision of Ralph pops into my head, and I feel instantly sick. “He’s…I lost touch with him.”
“Well, I’m sorry to burden you with this. Maybe we can have a notary go to the hospital.”
“I’ll check to see how she’s doing and get back to you.”
“Please do, Sage. Sorry to call so late. We can talk more at the show.”
When I hang up, it feels like I’ve been punched in the stomach. I’m afraid I’m going to throw up. The room suddenly feels too hot, and the walls are closing in. When Derek comes out of the bathroom, I’m pacing in front of the air conditioner, which is wheezing like an asthmatic. His hair’s dripping, and he’s wearing a pair of oversized shorts and a black T-shirt. I can’t help but notice how sculpted his legs look, but that’s doing me no good, so I plop down on the bed.
“What’s wrong?” he asks.
I tell him about Paul. By the time I’m done, I feel a full-blown panic attack coming on. Derek sits on the sofa and studies me for a few moments, and then smiles.
“I bet I can find someone to notarize it. It’s probably just a matter of money. And for once, we have some.”
“I don’t know, Derek. We’re pretty high profile. Maybe if we weren’t on TV every day, but I can’t see anyone sticking their neck out for a few bucks. That would be fraud or something, right? I mean, they could go to jail.”
“Probably not jail. But you might be right. Only one way to know for sure.”
I shake my head. “I can’t take the chance that someone will blackmail me someday, Derek. People suck. My face is on TV and the papers…” Which reminds me. I tell him about the tabloid article, and he laughs.
“That’s great! Maybe I’m sleeping with Elvis, too. That’s next week,” he says and turns serious. “You can always reach out to your mom.”
“She’s dependent on Ralph for everything – her brain’s mush. She’ll ask him, he’ll say absolutely not, and I’m screwed. That’s not an option.”
After a few more minutes of discussion, neither of us has any new ideas. I can probably stall a while longer with the sick mother excuse. Maybe a coma.
Derek’s sleeping on the couch, and I have the bed. He called the couch when he first saw the studio, and I didn’t protest. I don’t offer to have him sleep with me, even though my motives are as pure as my heart, which isn’t saying much when it comes to Derek, and he’s smart enough to avoid suggesting it. Neither of us wants to tempt fate, and in spite of our best intentions, I’m having a hard time sticking with the platonic thing with Derek only a few feet away.
As I toss and turn for another difficult night, I remember Jeremy telling me he can resist anything but temptation, and for once I can totally relate.
 
Chapter 31
The third show arrives all too soon. We’re back in the now-familiar dressing room, which is a lot emptier with eighteen contestants than fifty. Jeremy’s hair is orange this week, and he looks like a pumpkin, which I take glee in telling him. He doesn’t care – his theory is that it’s all about giving the audience something to remember, and there’ve been a number of comments in the press about his ever-changing coloring, which has become a trademark.
“Girl, you just have to give them something to identify you by. With me, even if they’re tone deaf, they’ll remember ‘He’s the guy with the weird hair.’ And that puts me closer to the winner’s circle than if I’m just another pretty face.” He eyes himself in the mirror and lifts a distressed bang from his brow before dropping it back into place and throwing a glance at Derek. “No offense to the pretty faces.”
“I’m not just a piece of meat, you know,” Derek says good-naturedly. “I have thoughts and ideas and shit.”
“Of course you do,” Jeremy says with a smile.
“What’s this week going to be?” I ask him. We’ve been way too busy to get together since our last lunch.
“Whitney, biatch. ‘Greatest Love of All.’ When I get done there won’t be a dry eye in the room.” He snaps his fingers.
“That should be great with your voice,” I say, and it’s true.
“I’m trying to give the judges an idea of my artistic range.”
“Your what?” Derek asks with a smirk.
“Oh, hush up,” Jeremy says with an eye roll. He turns to me. “Did you bring his toys to play with? He’s getting uppity.” A pause. “What are you two going to do for our amusement this fine summer evening?”
“‘Thirty Days In The Hole,’” Derek says.
An evil smile flits across Jeremy’s face. “Sounds like my dream date.”
Paul enters and approaches me. I try not to look guilty as a poop-eating dog. He hands me a form and tells me I have a week to get it notarized, and then checks the time. “Half an hour, people.”
We drew numbers earlier, and we’re number five, Jeremy number eleven. His superstition over number one’s evaporated, but he’s still convinced that being the last act of the night would doom him to failure.
The mood backstage is lighter this week, and the show’s arranged for a few food platters, as well as buckets of soda, water, and beer. It’s a nice touch, and we all interpret it as a hopeful sign – the show’s a ratings hit, which guarantees we’re all getting maximum exposure. Besides Derek and me, two of the other favored contestants have been doing the media rounds, and Jeremy told me earlier that he’s been asked to do some appearances after this show, too. Provided, of course, that he makes it through.
Derek cracks open a beer, and I cringe inwardly. There’s no reason for him not to have a beer – it’s practically a requirement for rock bands – and I try to ignore my inner dialogue, which is anything but Helen’s ideal of nonjudgmental acceptance. I busy myself with changing the strings on my guitar, and hold my tongue when he fishes a second bottle from the ice and opens it a few minutes later.
Jeremy gets a call on his cell. When he hangs up, his face is ashen.
“What’s wrong, Jeremy?” I ask.
“That was my roommate. Or I should say, my former roommate. He’s moving out tonight.”
“Nice timing. But you’ve seen that coming for a while,” I say.
“Yeah, but it’s one thing to suspect, another to know. Oh well. I’ll deal with the fallout later. Right now, it’s on with the show.”
He moves to the food tray and prepares himself a cracker with a slice of salami and Swiss cheese, and I commiserate with him – nothing in life is ever easy.
Then the contest’s underway, and soon it’s our turn.
If anyone ever says that you get used to having thousands of people screaming your name, it’s a total lie. At least I haven’t. I offer a wave and a smile as I take my stool, and Derek does a little two-step swagger before he sits, which has the females in the audience hooting and cheering. He’s a favorite, for sure, and I’m surprised that I get as big a hand as he does. I still feel like an impostor, but less than before, and my confidence is slowly building with all the appearances.
The judges are smiling in anticipation, which is a good sign. It’s like they’re pulling for us. But I don’t kid myself. Everyone has favorites, but they’re going to be equally hard on each contestant, especially Martin, who seems to revel in his acerbic personality and cynical one-liners.
We start the song, and I’m amazed at the reaction. On the street, we’d be lucky to get a dollar per song. Here, it’s like we can do no wrong, and when I hit a particularly impressive harmony riff, the crowd goes nuts.
I’m beaming when we finish – it feels like we hit a home run. The judges’ expressions confirm my take. We get a perfect score again, with the only negative comment by Martin, who says he’d like to see something that really pushes us more on the next round – whatever that means.
Jeremy’s waiting when we get offstage. He’s enthusiastic we’re doing so well, but is visibly nervous about his performance, which I know by now is one of his neurotic tics. He’ll snap out of it a few minutes before he goes on, and by the time he’s in the spotlight, he’ll be a hundred percent confident. He reminds me of myself in that uncertainty, that doubt about his abilities. It’s one of his most endearing qualities.
His performance winds up being the only other perfect score of the night, and he’s glowing when he comes offstage and hugs me. Derek gives him a high five and toasts him with his beer – his fourth, not that I’m counting. Much.
We do our obligatory exit interviews with the gushing hosts, who by now have the easy familiarity that comes with doing this with us every week. When we leave the theater, I’m shocked by the throng at the backstage door – at least thirty people, most of them girls my age or a little older, waiting for our autographs. I just assume they’re there for Derek, but to my surprise they seem to be mostly interested in mine, and I realize they’re identifying with me – the girl from the street who’s beating the odds.
One of them has a copy of the Tattler for me to sign, and when it’s her turn, she smiles shyly and covers her mouth automatically to hide her braces.
“Make it to Vickie, please,” she says. “So when’s the date?”
For a moment I don’t know what she’s talking about, and then I remember Melody’s synopsis of the article.
“Don’t believe everything you read,” I say. She seems crestfallen, and I wish I’d thought of something nicer to say. She had no way of knowing she was touching a nerve.
We finally get clear of the fans, and Derek flags down a taxi – walking down the sidewalk, guitars in hand, doesn’t seem like a very professional way to leave. When we’re in the car, Derek names one of the Italian restaurants in Little Italy, and the driver pulls away, engrossed in a ball game on the radio. He makes a sharp right turn, and I slide against Derek, who catches me. We both laugh, and then we’re staring at each other, and…before I know what’s happening, he’s leaning into me and his lips are pressed against mine.
Time seems to slow and compress. My entire awareness becomes that connection, our mouths joined, his tongue gently probing mine, our heavy breathing. I marvel at how good it feels to have him like this, to feel his need, his emotion, his tenderness as he caresses the side of my neck with his hand. I make a small sound in my throat and shudder. The touch of his tongue, his full, soft lips, and the dusting of stubble on his jaw stroking across my skin send a thrill of anticipation through me, and all I can think of is my memory of him in the shower.
He pulls me closer, and I groan. The feel of his arms, his chest, everything about him is as perfect as I’d imagined. No, better – I couldn’t have dreamed how his touch would create such a powerful urgency, a hunger I never thought could exist. I wish more than anything that we weren’t in this taxi, because right now my body’s taking over and my mind seems to just be along for the ride.
The cab hits a bump, and we part, and then Derek’s gazing at me from only a few inches away, as if studying every detail of my face. I raise my lips to his again, but he pulls away and shakes his head. His exhalation is so loud it startles me.
“What’s wrong, Derek?”
“This…we weren’t…this is wrong, Sage. We agreed.” His voice is tight.
“If it’s so wrong, why does it feel so good?” I ask and lean closer.
He shakes his head again and says my name softly. “Sage. No.”
I sigh and sit back, the moment gone. He takes my hand, but I’m still lost in the warm sea of our kiss, and all I can think is that I want him, I want him, I want him now. When he speaks again, he’s so quiet it doesn’t sound like his voice. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have done that.”
I look at him with rebellious eyes. “I’m not sorry at all. You say it’s wrong, and maybe you’re right, but I don’t care. I’m glad…and I want you to do it again. And again.”
He nods but looks away. “That makes two of us. But we have to wait, Sage. Three more weeks. That’s all. It’ll be over in no time.”
“No, it won’t. It’ll take forever. Like every minute’s an hour.” I stop, catching my breath, willing the roaring in my ears to quiet. “How can you be so sure this is wrong? Nothing’s ever felt righter.”
“God, Sage. Don’t you see? That’s the whole problem. I don’t know whether it’s wrong or not. But if we’re wrong and things change, we lose. Do you really want to risk everything we’ve accomplished now that we’re so close? Our entire future over a lousy three weeks?”
I can’t think. I can’t do anything but feel the tingling in my body and the warm throbbing in my core Derek’s stirred. I touch my lips with my fingers and then drop my hand.
“Maybe you’re right, Derek. But right now it doesn’t feel that way. Can we just not talk about it anymore? If we’re not going to…if we have to last another three weeks, let’s do our best to make it easy on both of us, okay? Don’t kiss me anymore. Don’t hug me, don’t look at me like you’re doing right now…just keep it platonic.” I struggle to keep the tremor out of my voice. “Because I can’t keep doing this, and I can’t promise anything if you kiss me again. You may have the willpower of a saint, but I don’t. I’ll admit it. I’m weak.”
He smiles and nods. “Deal. Again. I’m sorry. I have weak moments, too. It’s not only you.”
I stare off at the New York streets blurring by, and when I speak, it’s almost a whisper. “But Derek, when you’re weak, it crushes my heart. And I can’t take it anymore.” I close my eyes, suddenly exhausted. “I want this to be over so we can get on with our lives. This completely sucks.”
He pats my leg gently. “We agree on something. I’ll be counting the seconds till the finals. Guaranteed.”
I nod, my throat aching. “Me too.”
 
Chapter 32
The next two days are tense. We’re looking for ways to avoid each other, which is easier said than done in a three-hundred-square-foot studio apartment. After lunch, I spend my afternoon shopping with Jeremy, who’s stressing pretty badly over his roommate’s departure. He’s making windfall money from his few appearances, but it’s still not a good situation. I sympathize with him over sushi, and then buy two new pairs of pants, a pair of skate shoes, and three new tops – and a lot of underwear, none of it suitable for daytime TV. Color me optimistic, I think as I pay the cashier, who doesn’t seem to notice how uncomfortable I am.
We have a day off after the show, and the next night we’re booked on a late talk show with a British host with a wicked sense of humor. We play a song and then banter with him for the usual two minutes, and bam, it’s over. I almost feel guilty we’re getting paid so much for a total of five minutes of time, but only almost.
The security guard at the stage door holds it open for us, and there’s a small group of autograph seekers waiting. We start signing, and as we’re finishing, I feel Derek stiffen next to me. I look up, but only see a few stragglers waiting their turn.
“What’s wrong?” I murmur, smiling for the fans. He doesn’t answer and instead sets his gig bag down and rushes to hug a man who’s grinning ear to ear. The guy looks kind of familiar in a vague way, but I can’t place him. I sign another autograph, and Derek turns to me, smiling.
“Sage, I want you to meet someone special. This is my brother Mike.”
I see now in the gloom he’s wearing a uniform. Sergeant’s stripes. Mike’s heavier set than Derek, more like a weight lifter, but the same square jaw. I squint to see his eye color but can’t make it out.
“Nice to meet you, Mike,” I say as we shake hands.
“My pleasure. Wow. You’re smaller than you look on TV.”
I take that as a compliment. “Yeah, the camera adds a few inches here and there.” So much for small talk, which I’m terrible at.
Derek slaps him on the back. “What’re you doing in New York?”
“I took a few days I’ve been hoarding and decided it’s time to see my rich and famous brother.”
Mike smirks, and I see Derek in him. Alike, but different. Derek’s way better-looking, I think, but then again, I’m biased.
“Dude. That’s awesome! Where are you staying?”
“Some dive hotel that’s charging a fortune for a shoebox near Union Square.” Mike studies me for several seconds. “What are you guys doing now?”
I shrug, and Derek takes over. “We’re done here. We were just going to go grab a late bite and head home. You want to come?”
“I flew all the way from North Carolina to see you. Of course I want to come.” Mike looks to me. “Do you mind?”
I smile sweetly at Derek. “Not at all. One more friend’s always welcome.”
Mike eyes Derek with a slight frown, but Derek ignores me, which is probably smart. He puts his arm around his brother and pulls him close. “Come on, hoss. First round’s on me.”
We go to the restaurant where we had dinner with Jeremy, and the waiter recognizes us. He seats us at a corner table, and we order pasta and a carafe of the house wine. My mind darts back to the last time we were here, which was followed by our first kiss, and I feel wistful and a little angry. That seems so long ago, yet it was only three weeks. And here we are again, with no progress made on the Derek front.
I excuse myself to use the bathroom, and when I come back, half the carafe is already gone. Apparently both Derek and his brother can really put it away. Then I see their faces – Derek’s is tense, and Mike looks like he’s in shock. Mike rubs a shaking hand over his face, and I get a sick feeling.
“When?” he asks, his voice hoarse, and he looks like he’s going to cry.
“It’ll be a year in October. October seventh,” Derek says, his eyes moist.
“God damn it,” Mike spits, and I figure it out. Derek told me he hadn’t talked to his brother since he enlisted.
Which means he didn’t know about his younger brother overdosing.
My heart feels like it’s tearing in two, but there’s nothing I can do, and I realize I’m an intruder in a conversation that shouldn’t include me. I mutter something about having to make a call and retreat to the bathroom, where I text Melody.
Hey. How goes it?
Melody: Just watching the recording again. Damn, your man’s hot.
Me: Not my man yet.
Melody: U better close the deal before I come to New York to visit.
Me: Are U for real coming?
Melody: If U make it 2 the finals. Looks like a lock.
Me: Hope so. I miss U.
Melody: Me 2.
This goes on for a few minutes, and then I call Jeremy. When he answers, he sounds perky and chatty.
“Hey, girlfriend. What’s the haps?” he asks in a singsong trill.
“Just at Sal’s.”
“Saw you tonight. Brill, as always, ma cherie.”
“Thanks. How’s your roommate situation?”
“I know more men than a proctologist, but they all have situations, you know? So I’m going to be forced to lower myself to putting an ad in the paper. With my luck, I’ll wind up with someone who’s got a head in a jar.”
“Ew. Pickled head.”
“I won’t even go there, tempting as it is.” He pauses. “What’s wrong? You sound kinda down.”
“I’m probably just tired.”
“Mm mmm. Not good enough. Give.”
I tell him about Mike.
Jeremy gasps dramatically, and I can practically hear him batting his eyes. “Oh, my. I think I’m having a hot flash. Did you say he’s in the army? What does he look like? I’m a pushover for a man in uniform. Just ask the UPS guy.”
“He looks a little like Derek, but more, I don’t know, meaty.”
“Lumberjack meaty or fireman meaty?”
“Drill sergeant meaty.”
“If I faint, call 911.” He gets serious. “So what’s your plan? You going to sit through that? Sounds like they have a lot of catching up to do.”
“I know. I’m trying to figure out how to get out of it.”
“Use me! Tell them I broke a nail or have a bad hair emergency. I’ll play along.”
That never occurred to me, but now he’s planted the seed… “Are you getting ready for bed?”
“Sage, I think you’re really sweet, and you sing okay, and maybe we can trade clothes once you get some decent threads, but I’m not interested in you that way.”
“Very funny. You want to get together for a cup of coffee?”
“I know a fab little bistro that makes chocolate martinis that are to die for. I think they also know how to make coffee.”
“Where is it?”
He gives me the address. About a ten-minute walk, tops.
“How long will it take you to get there?” I ask.
“If I don’t take forever freshening my freshness, maybe…fifteen?”
“I need something better than a broken nail. Think.”
“Ooh, how about…I’m having a nervous breakdown?”
“Nothing better?”
“I got food poisoning, and I need you to help me to the emergency room.”
Bingo. “See you in fifteen.”
“Ciao, baby.”
I return to the table, and the carafe’s empty. Derek and Mike both look relieved when I beg off. Derek puts up a token resistance, but it’s half-hearted. “See you at home later?” he asks.
“Sure. Sorry, guys. Mike, it was nice meeting you. I’m sure I’ll see more of you. When do you leave?”
“Day after tomorrow.”
“Great. Then maybe we can do lunch or something.”
The place Jeremy suggested is dark and all male. Billie Holiday is singing in the background. He arrives two minutes after I do, and of course, knows everyone. I order coffee and he a martini, and I share the latest drama with him – the kiss, my annoyance, the pall that’s fallen over our interactions. His advice is almost word for word the same as Melody’s, which is no help at all. Why won’t anyone tell me what I want to hear?
I get out of there after an hour and ride the train back to the Bronx, gritting my teeth the entire stretch. It’s way too late for a single female to be riding the subway through that area, but I luck out – there’s a transit cop who gets on at 125th Street and who stays until I’m off.
The walk home from the station’s nerve-racking, but my senses are finely tuned from months on the street, and I make it back in one piece. I debate waiting up for Derek, but after an hour goes by, I’m just getting angrier and angrier – there’s no question they’re out boozing, which infuriates me.
I finally drift off to sleep around 2:30, and the sun’s coming up when the sound of the door wakes me.
I look over at the entry and do a double take. Derek’s there, smelling like a brewery. I’m about to lay into him when I see his left hand.
In a cast.
Mike’s voice calls from behind him. “Nice place you got here, bro.” He sounds drunk.
Derek gives me a sheepish smirk and staggers to the sofa, where he collapses. Mike follows him in. He looks around, and his eyes settle on me. “Whoa. This is it? This is smaller than my hotel!”
I do my level best to control the rage in my voice. “Mike, what happened?”
“You should see the other guys,” he says, and a red haze clouds my vision.
“Derek. DEREK!” I scream.
He cracks one eye open and grins again. His lip’s split, and he’s got a flesh-toned bandage on his cheek.
“Don’ worry, baby, it’s all good,” he says, and then his head falls back against the couch and he’s out for the count.
Which saves me the trouble of knocking him out myself.
I can’t believe he did this. With everything in the balance, he gets wasted and breaks his hand? That screws our act. Completely. It’s a disaster. A complete nightmare. I’ve gone from the top of the world back to the gutter in no time.
All the waiting for three weeks, all the sacrifice, and I’m stuck in New York, totally screwed. And it’s all his fault.
I leap up, not caring if Mike sees me in my gym shorts and T-shirt, and hurriedly stuff my clothes into my bag. Mike watches me and leans against the wall. I glance at him disgustedly as I move into the bathroom, carrying my jeans. “You can have the bed. I won’t be back.”
When I come out dressed and move to my Chucks, Mike’s sitting on the floor, his head in his hands. He looks up, his eyes red. “This is bad, isn’t it?”
My tone’s beyond arctic. “You mean being at the semifinals of a show that can change our lives, and your stupid asshole brother decides to get drunk and ruin everything? Yes, Mike. It’s bad.” I sputter to a stop, so furious I can’t inhale. I’ve never been so angry in my life. Not when Ralph hit me the final time, not ever. I finally find my breath and shake my head. “I’m so out of here.”
“Where you going?” he manages, and I realize how drunk they are. He must have gotten Derek to a hospital, but it’s literally the blind leading the blind. My rage ratchets up another notch and is now in super-nuclear mega-turbo overdrive.
“Anywhere he isn’t. Tell him to find another partner. I’m through. Maybe he can find one he actually wants to fu–”
Mike interrupts me. “Don’ go. It’ll be ’kay. Really.”
I’m done arguing with drunks. I’ve had a lifetime of doing it with my mom. It’s a complete waste of time. “Tell Derek I’m not going to get dragged down with him. He may have decided being a piece of shit’s more important than making it, but I haven’t. I’m going to see if I can finish the show by myself. He can do whatever he wants. Maybe they’ll let him, maybe not. But I. Don’t. Care. Buh-bye, Mike. Enjoy your hangover.”
I storm out, Yam in one hand, backpack in the other, and remember that Derek has most of our money – I’ve only got a hundred bucks. I try to calm down, but that’s like putting an air freshener in a sewer – the problem’s a little too big to solve that way. I turn, put Yam down, and go back. I feel through Derek’s pockets, and there’s only thirty bucks.
I turn to Mike.
“Where’s my frigging money?” I hiss.
“Oh, shit. Yeah. Uh, hospital cost a bunch.”
The last straw.
I’m pretty sure you can hear the door slam clear to Chicago.
It’s not until I’m on the train headed into the city that I finally start to cry.
 
Chapter 33
Jeremy greets me at the front door in a red silk shortie kimono and fuzzy bunny slippers, with a box of chocolate donuts and a cup of coffee. I’ve stopped crying, but when I see them, I start bawling like a newborn. He leads me inside his apartment and sits me on his couch, where there’s a box of tissues. He sets the coffee and doughnuts down on the table and moves Yam and my bag out of the way and plops down next to me.
I need the tissues. Jeremy holds the box out for me as I cry some more. After about three minutes, he sets the tissues next to me and hands me the coffee.
“Get some deep-fat-fried sugar bombs and some java into you, sweetheart. You’ll feel better.”
I snuffle and shake my head. “No, I won’t. I never will again.”
He sighs. “Well, maybe not, but it’s worth a try. Come on. Do it for me. Works every time I have a breakup.”
“It’s…it’s not even a breakup! There’s no us to break up!” I howl and sob some more. He nods as though I’ve made complete sense and explained everything, and then rises and gets himself a cup of tea. When he returns, he fixes me with a steady gaze.
“Men are swine, sweetie. Believe you me, I know all too well.”
“They are,” I agree. “Except you.” I’m getting my crying under control.
“Well, I am too, just not to you.”
I try a laugh. It sounds like a croak. “Why do they suck so bad?”
“Because they’re big children. Men don’t even become human beings until they hit thirty, and a lot never do at all. But we carry stuff and build roads and buildings and 747s, so women and dogs put up with us.”
I laugh again. Whatever he’s doing is working. I try a doughnut. It melts in my mouth.
“That’s freaking incredible,” I say.
He nods. “Yes, Virginia, it is. Call me Santa.” He watches me eat and reaches over to tear a small hunk out of one of the doughnuts. “So tell me all. I could barely understand you on the phone.”
I give him the rundown. When I’m done, I’m more angry than sad. He can see that.
“There you go. That’s more like it. Turn that around and use it for yourself. Don’t let yourself become a victim, girl. You can move mountains with those pipes of yours, and much as I like staring at your boy toy, you’re the one I’d put my money on. You’ve got a quality, Sage, what they call star quality. I know it when I see it. Sometimes, on my very best, luckiest day, I have it too. But you? You radiate it. It’s as natural to you as breathing.”
I blush. He knows exactly what to say. “You should be a therapist. You’d make a fortune.”
“And listen to people’s problems all day? I’d be all like, ‘Cry me a river, now go get bopped and move on.’ I wouldn’t last long. I hate other people’s problems. Except yours. Yours are always interesting.”
My face falls. “And he spent all the money. So I’m broke again.”
Jeremy smiles. “No, honey, you’re only broke for now. You’ve been there before, and you did just fine. This is a temporary setback.”
I look around. I’ve never been to his apartment before. “Roommate all gone, huh?”
“Yup. Just me and me.” His eyes light up. “Say, where are you going to stay?”
I haven’t even thought about it. “I…I don’t know.”
“Look no further. You can bunk here until you get back on your feet. I can promise you no AC, noisy neighbors, terrible plumbing…all for more money than you want to know.”
I smile and wipe my face. “Sounds perfect. But as I told you, I’m broke.”
He purses his lips. “You’re credit’s good with me, Sage. Well then. It’s settled!” He slaps his hands on his legs and then gets a troubled look on his face. “Now we have to strategize how to talk Mr. Sourpuss into letting you continue sans Dereeek.”
“Sans?”
“You’re ratings gold, babycakes, so all you have to do is say the right words. He loves you. You can see it in his beady reptilian eyes. More importantly, you’re one of his top draws for his first season. He’ll find a reason to do it if you frame it the right way.”
“I hope so. But I have another problem.” I tell him about the notarization issue.
“Ooh, that might be thornier. Let me put my thinking cap on. I know all the wrong people, so I should be able to come up with something.”
I hug him. He’s worth his weight in gold. “Promise you won’t forget me when you’re a huge star,” I say.
“I’ll let you carry my bag. Never fear, my dear, you’ll always have scraps from my larder.”
“Your what?”
“Not now. I’m thinking.”
Two hours later we’re sitting in the run-down offices of Norman Powell, Esquire, attorney at law. He’s about as unimpressive as any lawyer I’ve seen, and not at all what I’d pictured when Jeremy told me about him – he’s skinny, no more than thirty, with black curly hair receding over a long nose and wearing a short-sleeved plaid button-up shirt. I was expecting one of those lawyers on TV that look like Kevin Spacey in a three-piece suit.
“I can file a motion today to have you declared an emancipated minor,” he says. “We’ll make the case that you’ve been living on your own, that you’ve exercised prudence and sound judgment, and that you should be legally in charge of your destiny, no longer requiring the protection of a parent or guardian.”
“Really? How long will that take?”
“Depends on the court, but I have a little bit of pull there, so maybe…we’ll see if we can get it heard in a week. I’ll draft the doc right now. It’s not involved.” He hesitates. “I have to warn you, though, there are no guarantees. It’s up to the judge, and that’s the luck of the draw. But it’s your best shot unless you can get your mother to sign it.”
I shake my head. “Out of the question.”
“Well, let’s hope for the best. It’s not positive you’re a street musician, though. That won’t be viewed by the court as particularly responsible.”
“I’m on national television every week, for crying out loud.”
“Which I’ll point out, but these judges probably don’t watch the show, so don’t expect them to be impressed.”
“I don’t care if they’re impressed. I just want them to let me sign.”
He nods. “Then that’s what we’ll do.” He clears his throat. “Now, there’s the matter of my fee…”
I swallow hard. “Yeah.”
“Jeremy explained your situation. In light of that, I’ll reduce it to two thousand dollars. I’ll file the motion today, but I’ll need half within a week. Can you do that, you think?”
I quickly calculate. Depends entirely on whether they keep having me do appearances. I’ll cross that bridge next. But if they don’t, I won’t need him to pursue it, so moot point. “Yes.”
My visit with Martin doesn’t go as well. He agrees to see me after I call Sabrina and briefly explain what happened. When I get to his offices, which are lavish beyond belief in a building that reeks of money, he keeps me waiting forty-five minutes. When I sit down in his office, Sabrina standing by the window with her arms folded and a dour expression on her face, I know it isn’t looking good.
I give them the rundown and make my pitch. “So, what I’m hoping is, since this happened through no fault of mine, you’ll let me continue on as a solo act.”
Martin throws his pencil onto the desktop and frowns. “It’s not that easy.”
“Why not?”
He exchanges a glance with Sabrina. “We have the other contestants to consider. We can’t do anything that would smack of an unfair advantage or favoritism.”
“But it’s not an advantage. If anything, it’ll be even harder to wow the audience…and the judges.”
Sabrina clears her throat. “I think the first question is whether you would have picked her if she was solo at the audition. If so, it makes it a little easier.”
Martin appears to think for a long time and then leans back in his executive chair. “What about Derek?”
“What about him?”
“Does he want to go on solo, too?”
“You’ll have to ask him. I haven’t talked to him since…it happened.”
Another pair of glances between them, and then Martin looks at his watch. “I’ll have Sabrina get back to you after I’ve had a chance to confer with the attorneys, our backers, and the network. There are enormous financial considerations at play here.” He fixes me with a cold stare. “This creates a real problem, Sage.”
I can feel tears pooling in my eyes. I stand and nod. “I know.”
When the call comes that night, I’m curled up on the couch eating Thai takeout with Jeremy, watching Cabaret. He’s trying to explain to me why Liza Minnelli is a goddess when my phone rings. I go into my new bedroom and take the call.
It’s Sabrina, who sounds worked.
“Well, Sage, you’ve been responsible for a lot of heavy lifting today.”
“I’m sorry. I really am.”
“Anyway, we’ve got a decision.”
My heart stops beating. I wait, the silence on the line deafening.
“You’ll both be allowed to proceed to the semifinals. Frankly, and this is off the record, Martin was leaning against it, but the network feels you’re a strong performer with a good shot at winning, and they feel it would cause ill will with the audience if you go to the media with your case. So you’re in, but we need to meet first thing in the morning to discuss how to spin this for the press. We can get a lot of attention with the right story, so you’ll be busy for the remainder of the week.” She pauses. “Do you feel comfortable doing this without Derek?”
I wait a few seconds before answering, and when I do, my voice sounds confident – and it’s genuine. “Absolutely.”
“Very well. Be at the office at eight. We’re flying by the seat of our pants on this one, Sage. I’m going to start lining up appearances. My gut says you don’t say anything. Give them a ‘no comment’ whenever you’re asked about why you and Derek aren’t a team anymore. But that could change by tomorrow. Now I’m going to get to work and figure a way out of this hole.”
“Sabrina, thank you. I know it’s way above and beyond–”
“Don’t mention it. And don’t be late.”
 
Chapter 34
The rest of my week’s packed solid. Sabrina’s leaked a story that’s close enough to the truth to be believable, and the blogosphere and tabloids are buzzing with rumors of drunken brawls and broken dreams. The way it winds up playing is that America’s darlings are having a spat; why is up to speculation. I’ve become an expert at saying ‘no comment’ with a shy smile, and there are rapidly two identifiable camps – the pro-Derek, and the pro-Sage.
Either way it’s PR gold for the show, because nothing draws viewers like a train wreck, and this has all the makings of a fail of colossal proportions. Can they do it on their own? Do they have what it takes? What’s the real story? Is she impossible to work with? Is he a first-class asshole? The speculations are fast and furious, and by the time the first of the two semifinal rounds arrives, everyone’s got an opinion, which means that the expected viewing audience is larger than the producers could have ever dreamed.
The official explanation was that we’d be performing solo for the rest of the contest due to an injury. But one talk show wag opined that Derek had insisted on splitting because he felt that not being able to play would hamstring my chances; simultaneously a pundit on a different network said he’d heard there was another woman involved.
When the day of the show arrives, scalpers are getting a hundred and fifty bucks a ticket down the block, according to Jeremy, who bleached his hair polar white yesterday in preparation for the fourth show.
“I hear Derek’s been rehearsing with the house band all week,” Jeremy says as we sit in makeup, side by side.
“Whatever.”
“Aren’t you a little bit curious?”
“Not really,” I lie. “Furious, not curious.”
I saw Derek when he arrived today, and he’s been sticking to the other side of the large dressing room, looking sheepish. My heart ached when he looked at me, his gaze filled with pain and remorse, but you can’t put the toothpaste back into the tube. What’s done is done.
“Paul says he sounded pretty good.”
“That’s wonderful news. For him. I’m more worried about how I’m going to do.” My unspoken conclusion being that Jeremy should be, too.
He takes the hint. When we return to the room, Derek is in the next group going to makeup. He brushes by me without looking, and it’s just as well. I can’t believe I trusted my future to him and he paid me back like this. It’s only because of luck and the network’s greed that we’re getting this chance, and I have no intention of blowing it.
But what nobody’s bargained for is the anger of a woman scorned.
I draw the last number. I’ll be closing the show.
I don’t want to watch the monitor. When Derek goes onstage, I go to the bathroom and hold my fingers in my ears, feeling childish and petty. I cry quietly in the stall, and when I come out, my eyes are puffy, but I could give two shits. This is real life, I think. That’s what you wanted to see, what you showed up for, tuned in for. To watch me bleed all over the stage. Fine. You’re about to get what you wanted. No tip required.
You can practically hear a pin drop when I walk onto the stage. For a magical second, there’s nothing, just a collective gasp from the crowd, and then applause washes over me like a wave, and people are screaming and yelling and jumping up and down. There are banners with Sage scrawled on them in paint, and one in the back that says ‘F Derek’ makes me giggle to myself. I give a peace sign to the rear of the house and stand in front of my stool until the audience has worn itself out, and then the announcer booms over the PA with my name and the song I’ll be performing – one I’ve never done in public with Derek.
It’s not that kind of song.
I start it and know that the network’s going to have to bleep out one of the phrases, but I don’t care. I’m singing Alanis Morissette’s breakthrough hit, “You Oughta Know.” It’s different from her version, just as raw, but filled with emotion that leaves me drained when I’m done, shaking as I sustain the last note and then bite it off like I’m just sick of everything.
When the applause comes, it’s beyond huge. It’s like the crowd went on three minutes of an unforgettable emotional ride with me, like we were all there together, living the words, their throats tightening when mine did. I stand and bow, tears running down my face, but I don’t try to wipe them away. I display them proudly, like medals. I earned the damned tears. I own them.
The judges don’t know what to make of it, I can see. The record mogul goes first, and he gives me a nine. The woman glares at him and swats him like he’s a buttmunch, and gives me a ten, and says it’s the most enthralling performance she’s ever seen, and that she’s shattered – that’s the word she uses – by it. Martin eyes me like a cat eyes cheese, and gives me an eight. The crowd boos him, but he waves them down and explains. He agrees it was a one-in-a-million performance. But it wasn’t one-in-a-million vocals. He’s right, of course. I could have milked some of the notes for more. When he finishes, I rethink his worth as a judge, because he nailed it.
“Sage, you’re an enormous talent. Nobody here could disagree after that. But I’m really hoping that when you come back next week, you sing us something that better shows us your instrument, that’s all. This was honest and incredible, and I’ll never forget it, but I want you to come back, and when you do, bring me something less…angry.”
The crowd boos him again.
“Can you do that, Sage?” he asks, a playful smile on his face. I know that this moment will be viewed on YouTube over and over. It’s pure theater. Drama you can cut with a knife.
I offer a playful smile of my own. “We’ll see.”
Which brings down the house. I may have gotten a less than perfect score, but I won that audience’s heart, and everyone knows it. And the finals, in two more shows, will be judged by the audience.
My numbers are still good enough. Apparently Derek did well too, because Jeremy says he’ll be going on to the next round. Jeremy got another perfect score, and he’s walking on air backstage.
It takes me two hours to get through all the interviews. Dozens. It seems like every station, every reporter, every paper in the country wants a bite of me. When Sabrina shoos the last one away, she actually smiles – a rarity.
“You certainly keep it interesting, I’ll give you that,” she says.
I return the smile. “No comment.”
We both laugh. It’s been tense, and I feel the anxiety fade away as we laugh like schoolgirls.
Jeremy’s waiting for me by the stage door when I’m finally ready to leave. “Man, talk about diva behavior,” he says.
“I’m sorry, Jeremy.”
“Not you. Me. I just got finished with Vanity Fair. The journalist so wants me. I got his number. Finally my superior artistic sensibilities are being recognized.”
I nod. “It’s the bleach.”
When we slip out the stage door, there are dozens of people still waiting. We sign autographs, and I’m turning to Jeremy after signing all I have the energy for, when I hear a voice from another lifetime.
“Hello, Sage.”
I turn slowly to face the speaker, my face white. He’s older now, and the years haven’t been kind. The last I saw him he was vital, alive. Now he looks broken, like a husk, lines etched into his face by hardship and the rough passage of time. Panic strangles me, and I grope for Jeremy’s arm. He moves to my side protectively as I find my voice.
“Been a while.” I’m tough as nails. No quarter offered or tendered.
Jeremy leans into me and whispers in my ear, “Who’s that?”
How to explain? How to describe the suffering, the hopelessness, the self-loathing and hatred and blame, the questions and recriminations and bitterness I feel when I see him? Words are inadequate, but they’re all I have.
When I speak, I make sure my voice is strong.
“My father.”
 
Chapter 35
Eventually staring at each other gets old. I’ve used up all my resources and I’m running on fumes. Jeremy’s mouth is hanging open; for once, he’s speechless. My father’s studying me, his eyes roaming over my face, as though he can erase the pain and the years with his gaze.
He can’t. He abandoned me. He never once reached out. Not on birthdays, not on Christmas. Nothing.
And now I’m on TV, and he appears like a genie from a cast-off bottle.
If I wasn’t so beat, I’d punch him. I settle for a slap.
He doesn’t turn away, doesn’t flinch. I hate him for what he did. For who he is. That his blood, his genetic material, is running through me. I hate him for my weakness, my lack of confidence, my messed-up head. But most of all I blame him for Ralph, even though he’s not responsible for that.
But he should have known.
That’s what fathers are there for. They’re supposed to protect their daughters.
They’re supposed to give a shit.
“I suppose I deserve that,” he says.
“What do you want?” I don’t sound angry. I sound resigned.
“To talk.”
I nod. “So talk.”
He looks around. “I’ll buy you a cup of coffee.”
Jeremy snorts, but I ignore it. “I don’t think so. I’m tired. It’s been a long day.”
His face cracks, and he looks like he might cry. “Please.”
I find something deep inside of me, some energy, and muster it, fueling it with anger to give me the strength to deal with this.
“You abandoned me when I was ten years old. Left me with an alcoholic. You never contacted me once in seven years, and you expect to walk back into my life now that I’m making something out of myself, and pick up where you left off?” I spit by his feet and glare at him. “Who are you?”
Jeremy pulls at my sleeve. “Come on. Let’s go.”
My dad shakes his head. “I…I can explain.”
“No. No, you can’t. You can’t say some words and make everything right. All you can do is make excuses, and I’m tired of excuses.”
He nods. “I shouldn’t have come to New York. I wasn’t going to come to the theater. It was a bad idea. I watched you on TV tonight, and that song…I changed my mind. I shouldn’t have. I’m sorry.” His voice breaks, taking a small piece of my heart with it. “I just wanted to tell you I’m sorry.”
“Great. You said it. Now we’re going,” Jeremy snarls, and my dad nods again and turns. Jeremy takes my arm. “Come on, Sage. Let’s go.”
I watch him walk off, like he did so long ago, defeated, the weight of the world on his shoulders, older than his years. I close my eyes, a battle going on behind my lids, and when I open them, it’s my turn to shake my head. I turn to Jeremy. He bites his lip. “You don’t have to do this,” he says.
For once, Jeremy’s wrong. “I do.” I look up. My dad’s almost to the corner.
“Fine,” I say, my voice loud on the street. “One cup of coffee.”
He turns around and looks as though he’s imagined my words. I tilt my head toward Jeremy. “Come with me.”
We walk to where my father’s waiting, and I eye him with suspicion. “There’s a café that should still be open a block away.”
Jeremy convinces the hostess to give us the booth at the rear of the dining room, and he sits next to me, my father across from us. I look into his eyes and see a little of me there – the way they fix on objects, the hesitation. We order three cups of drip coffee, and there’s an uncomfortable silence while we wait for the drinks. They arrive, and he pours a long white stream of sugar into his, followed by an ocean of cream.
It’s like looking in a mirror.
I clear my throat. “These aren’t big cups. So talk.”
“First the apology. Nothing I say can ever make up for not being in your life for the last seven years. I know that. I can’t undo it. All I can do is try to make amends, and be there for the rest of it.”
“You’re making a big assumption there,” I say.
He sips his coffee and puts the cup down. I notice his hand’s trembling slightly.
“I am. But hear me out. Then if you don’t want me anywhere around you, I’ll understand.”
“Fine.”
“When I left, I couldn’t handle your mom’s drinking anymore. I wanted to get my head straight. It was ugly in there, everything twisted around, and I was…I was still too damned young. Thirty-one. Now it seems like a lifetime ago.”
He looks like he’s fifty. He’s only thirty-eight. What the hell happened?
“Anyway, I left. I went to stay with my cousin in Fresno. He was mixed up in some bad shit. Drugs. Meth. He was dealing. Long story short, they raided his house, and I got charged along with him. The jury didn’t care that I wasn’t in the life. I was his cousin, the house was a lab, so I went down hard. I got ten years. Served six. I just got out five months ago. When I made a few dollars, I went back to Clear Lake, but you were gone.” He wets his lips. “That new guy your momma hooked up with is a real piece of work, isn’t he?” He shakes his head. “They didn’t know where you’d run off to. And your momma…she was in a bad way. The drink’ll do that to you. But she didn’t look like the woman I married.”
I digest this and try to make sense of it. My dad’s alive, and he’s an ex-con. A felon with a story about how he didn’t do it. Like every other felon. Innocent as lambs, each and every one, misunderstood by the system. Victims.
“I thought you were dead.”
His eyes narrow. “I guess I don’t need to ask if you got my letters.”
I shake my head.
His voice is quieter now. “I suppose I don’t blame her. Jailbird for a dad. In her head, she probably thought she was protecting you.”
“You…you wrote?”
“At first I was embarrassed, but once that passed, after the first year, I did. I sent you letters every damned month.” He waves a limp hand. “It doesn’t matter. It doesn’t excuse anything. I left. I failed you.” He clears his throat and looks me dead in the eyes. “Why did you run away? Did that guy…did he–”
“No, Dad. Nobody touched me in the bad place. He was an asshole, a mean prick who liked to hit. I got tired of being hit. I left. End of story.”
I can see in his cobalt eyes that he’s both relieved and angry. I absolved him of his deepest fear, but it’s not a satisfying resolution. Like most things in life, this leaves a stain, a taint. It was his gift to me, and I returned the favor. The cycle’s complete.
“Your song tonight was incredible, but it upset me a lot. I read about your troubles. Are you okay?” he asks.
“I’ve been through worse.” A thought occurs to me as I drain the last of my coffee. “Where are you staying?”
“A fifty-buck-a-night hotel down by the Bowery. You know the area?”
I nod. “Yeah. How long are you in town for?”
“No specific time. Probably a week. That’s all I can afford.”
I yawn. This has all been too much for me. I need sleep. I don’t want to make any decisions when I feel out of it.
“Give me a number there, or you call me. We can talk tomorrow.”
“Better if you give me yours. They don’t have phones in the rooms.”
No, for fifty bucks, he’s lucky there’s running water. I think of Lucifer’s and shudder. I give him the number, and he borrows the waitress’s pencil to jot it down on a paper napkin.
Jeremy pays the bill, and we stand. My father walks to the entrance and waits. I glance at Jeremy, whose face is a blank. Out on the sidewalk, my dad gives me an awkward hug. “You were great tonight. I’ve never been prouder.”
“Be careful going home. That area’s a killer,” I say.
He looks like he’s going to say something else, but then closes his mouth and stares down at his shoes.
Jeremy and I turn and go in search of a cab, leaving the man who raised me for ten and a half years alone on the sidewalk, to find his way through the dangerous streets, just as he left me.
 
Chapter 36
The next morning Jeremy and I are loafing around on the sofa, I with my mandatory coffee, he with his tea, eating chocolate chip bagels heated in the microwave and watching the morning show on TV. I’m starting to get used to sleep deprivation. Last night was another in a long string of sleepless nights, but I don’t feel that bad.
Jeremy mutes the sound and scoots closer. “So? What momentous conclusions have you come to?”
“How do you know I’ve come to any?”
“Because you’re not doing that brow furrow thingy that makes you look like you’re trying to move objects with your mind.”
“I’m thinking that having lunch with him can’t really hurt.”
“Hmm.”
“You obviously don’t approve.”
“No offense, but I smell a rat. He bails on you, not a word for seven years, and now that you’re a celeb, he suddenly wants to kissy kissy. Nothing about that strikes you as suspect?”
“If he was in jail…”
“Why don’t we have Norman look him up? He’ll be in the system if he’s telling the truth. Can’t hurt. Trust but verify, right?”
“You think he’d do that?” I ask.
“Of course he would. He’s an attorney. He’d skin his mother alive and eat her chunk by chunk if you paid him.”
We agree that Jeremy will have Norman check, and my phone rings. A New York number I don’t recognize. Adrenaline courses through my veins as I answer.
“Hello?”
“Sage?”
It’s him.
“Yes.”
“You made it home safely.” A statement, not a question.
“Yes. Listen, Dad, I know you want to talk some more–”
“I’ll understand if you’re not up to it.” He sounds dejected.
“I have another appearance this evening, but I can have lunch.”
His voice increases in urgency. “Name the place and time. I’ll find it.”
I give him the address of the wrap place, and we agree to meet at 1:00. When I get there, he’s waiting outside like he’s afraid I won’t show. I can see how much this means to him by his expression when he sees me.
He hugs me, and I’m not sure how I feel about it. Jeremy’s warning is playing through my head, and my natural skepticism’s in overdrive. We get a table and order, and when the waitress leaves, he folds his hands on the tabletop and leans forward.
“Thanks for coming.”
“No problem.” I’m not feeling like a great conversationalist right now. I wait for him to make the first move.
“How are you and that boy doing? I guess you’ve split up for good, huh?”
I nod. “It’s for the best.”
“Want to tell me what happened?”
I debate saying it’s none of his frigging business, but that seems mean. I can see his nerves are frayed, and my urge to hurt him like he hurt me is gone, replaced by pity. I give him the condensed version, and he nods along. When I’m done, he shakes his head.
“Sounds like he’s got some real demons.”
“It’s just so weird. He’s great most of the time. I mean, really great. And then he goes and does something like this. I just…I couldn’t take it anymore.”
Our food arrives, and he stares at it like it’s a bowl of ants before gingerly picking it up and taking a bite. Apparently it beats prison food, because he’s done in the time it takes me to eat a quarter of mine. Any doubts I have about where my dining habits come from are put to rest.
He leans back in his chair and considers me. “You and this boy. Do you still have feelings for him?”
“That’s not important. After what he put me through, I’ll get over it.”
“You say he hasn’t seen his bro for three years?”
“Yeah.”
He’s silent for a long time. “I’m not trying to defend him, Sage. But I can see where a lot of stuff landed on him all at the same time. Having to tell his brother about his other brother’s death…All I’m saying is that there’s a big difference between the kind of drinking your mom does and what you’re describing.”
Just like there’s a world of difference between Ralph’s casual violence and Derek’s defense of me. I know all this. But it doesn’t change anything. “Water under the bridge, Dad. We’re competing solo now, so it’s a done deal.”
“I know. I’m just…you don’t seem happy. I’d be walking on clouds if I was winning a big contest like this. You seem down.”
Of course I do. The guy I thought was the one turned out to be a rat bastard. That’ll do it every time. I don’t say anything.
“I had a lot of time to think, Sage. About everything. Prison’s good for that. You see everything in there, every kind of person, but the ones you know will be going back once they’re released have a certain kind of attitude. They’re not sorry. They don’t learn, and they don’t care who gets hurt. All they think about is themselves. It doesn’t sound like this Derek falls into that category. He protected you, he talked you into entering this contest, and he helped get you here.”
“And then he blew it.”
“I know that. We all blow it sometimes, honey. Everybody. Even you. God knows I have. I guess what I’m trying to say is that if you think there’s still something good there…well, who am I to talk? I stuck it out with your mom for a long time before I left. She put me through hell. But I stayed until I was afraid I’d hurt her if I didn’t leave. Point is, I didn’t quit the first time, or the tenth time, or the thousandth time. I agree you have to protect yourself, but I’m not sure what I’m hearing is as much protection as it is that you’re pissed off and your feelings are hurt. All I’m going to tell you is that’s a lousy way to make decisions. Take that from someone who’s made more than enough bad ones for both of us.”
I don’t want to talk about this anymore. I change the subject and ask him how he made enough money to come to New York for a week. Turns out he took the bus, and he has a job in California helping a carpenter.
“It’s honest work, and it pays okay. Not many people will take a chance on a felon. I’m lucky to have the job. He gave me the week off because he’s between projects, but in another couple of weeks we’ll be buried again. He’s a good guy.”
My dad makes as much in a good week as I now do in a couple of days. This trip is probably burning everything he managed to save over the last four months. My demeanor softens as he insists on paying, and I can see he’s really trying. It’s too little, too late, but he’s trying.
He hugs me again and gives me a phone number for the front desk of his hotel.
“The lady said she’d take a message. If you need to get in touch with me, call, and I’ll return it as soon as I get the message.”
I watch him trudge away, and I’m struck by how life unfolds differently than I thought it did. I always imagined that it got easier as you got older, but over the last four months I’ve learned otherwise. People take wrong turns, make poor choices, or just have bad luck, and they’re squashed like bugs. It doesn’t get any easier. You just get older and your problems change. Maybe instead of worrying about where you’re going to live or where your next meal’s coming from, you’re worried about that pain in your lungs or the lump in your breast. But none of it’s easy, and the biggest mistake is taking any of the good for granted.
I hate myself for thinking about Derek again as I walk to the subway station. I think I’m doing fine, and then, like a physical pain, I’m swamped by a wave of despair from out of nowhere. I can see why people drink or do drugs to escape. But that’s not my way.
Instead, I plan to use the pain to power me through the contest and show the world what I’m made of. Show Derek what he lost. Make him regret his behavior for the rest of his life.
He had it all, had me for the asking, and he screwed up. I want him to suffer like I’m suffering, to feel the same hurt, the same emptiness in my core, an agony so acute it seems like it’ll never go away.
It’s petty and mean, but that’s how I feel.
So much for the softer, gentler Sage.
 
Chapter 37
The night of the semifinals Jeremy’s a wreck as usual, whereas I’m as calm as I’ve ever been. I suffer through the hair and makeup without comment as Jeremy regales everyone with a nonstop monologue, which he does when he’s nervous. He’s really funny tonight. His hair is a bright green, and he’s wearing a shiny suit he got at a secondhand store.
My phone vibrates, and I look at it. A text message from Helen, short and to the point: Good luck – you’ve got this.
Derek’s in the dressing room sitting by himself. My heart melts when I see him, but I don’t allow myself to show any emotion. He’s not going to get the satisfaction of knowing how hard this is for me. When Jeremy and I return from makeup, we sit as far from him as possible, in a replay of the prior week. I’ve seen the articles in the tabloids that claim he’s dating a supermodel now, that a Kardashian was spotted in the Hamptons with him, that he was thrown out of a tony club for threatening someone. I don’t care.
Then again, Jeremy delights in reading the inventions about my love life that are all over the web, and is keeping a running list, as is Melody. So far this week I’ve been checked into rehab for my drug problem, I’ve closed a bar with my new Saudi prince boyfriend, and I’m apparently dating both a Laker and a pop star. I wonder whether it’s hard for them to make all this crap up, or whether they have a wheel they spin to decide what combination they’ll invent this week.
“At least you haven’t been experimented on by aliens again,” Jeremy says. “Probably too busy with the basketball player.”
“Who knew my social life was so busy? It’s hard to keep track of.”
We draw our numbers, and I’m lucky number seven. Jeremy gets ten, which he’s happy about. I don’t particularly care one way or another. The part of me that did is numb. Now I just want to get onstage. I’ve been practicing my song all week, and I think I’ve got it down with some interesting twists. Jeremy’s been humming his all day, and if I hear “Don’t Cry Out Loud” one more time before the show, I’ll strangle him.
Derek’s on second tonight, and against my better judgment I watch his performance on the monitor. He’s doing a Chris Isaak tune, “Wicked Game,” wearing a fifties-style rat-pack outfit that I grudgingly admit he looks incredible in. He’s taken to slicking his hair back for each performance, and when he takes the stage, all I hear is female shrieking for half a minute.
The song’s flawless, his voice never better, and when he’s finished, he gets an ovation. Deservedly so. There’s no question that he’s going on to the finals, and I’m not surprised when he gets three tens. He waves his cast at the audience as he leaves the stage, and it’s pandemonium again as his fans go ape.
I don’t envy the woman who has to follow that, and go to the bathroom so I don’t have to see him when he returns to the room. I spend as much time as is feasible in there, and after ten minutes I emerge, all eyes on me.
Derek’s waiting nearby, and when he sees me, he approaches. I don’t look at him, but he grabs my arm.
“Sage, can we just talk? This is killing me. I miss you so much–”
The look I give him could freeze lava. I overenunciate every word. “Take your hand off me or lose it.”
He lets go. Jeremy rises and comes to my rescue, but I shake my head. I can fight my own battles. Especially this one.
Derek leaves the dressing room, and I unpack and tune Yam like nothing happened. And in my mind, nothing did. I’ll think about it later. Right now the only thing that exists is my three minutes onstage, and I’m not going to let Derek ruin that. I don’t believe that was his intention – he just doesn’t think. Or rather he thinks about all the wrong things.
And then Paul’s assistant is calling my name. I do a final strum, and Jeremy pecks me on the cheek, and then we’re walking to the stage as the previous contestant sobs nearby, her scores inadequate to go on to the finals.
This time when I take the stage there’s no hesitation in my body language. The roar of the crowd’s as loud as a jet engine, but I ignore it. I’m already gone somewhere else in my head, and I have to remember to wave at the audience and smile.
You can hear a pin drop in the silence immediately before I start strumming the intro to the song I picked for the night: Pink’s “Try.” I build the intensity during the verse, and by the time I’m at the chorus I feel like I’m flying – my voice can do no wrong, and I push it to impossible limits, and then past, lost in the music like I used to be when I blocked out Ralph and my mom fighting with the sound of my own singing.
When I finish the song, it takes me a second to realize I’ve ended it – that’s how out of it I am. It’s hard to describe, but when I’m completely on, in the zone, it’s like I leave my body and watch a girl who looks eerily familiar. Then the crowd erupts, and it’s chaos with everyone screaming and clapping and yelling my name.
Three tens, another perfect score, and the judges describe my performance as powerful, a knockout, raising the bar for everyone, the performance of the season. I smile with relief as they talk, but the words sound like a buzz to me, noise, unintelligible. A female voice screams, “I love you, Sage,” from the side of the room, and everything comes back in a rush, and I can make out the record mogul saying he’s awed every time I perform.
I leave the spotlight to cheers and more applause, and then I’m back in the real world backstage, just another contestant, Yam in my hand. Sabrina is arguing with Paul near his podium, and when they spot me, she moves closer.
“Congratulations again, Sage,” she says.
“Thanks.”
“Listen, I hate to bring this up right now, but Paul’s going ballistic. He just got his ass chewed out over some form you were supposed to give him last week? Ring any bells?”
I feign surprise. “Crap. That’s right. With everything else that was going on, I completely spaced. I’m sorry. I’ll get it tomorrow.” The court is supposed to rule in the morning, which is why I’ve been dragging my feet.
Paul nears, and his face isn’t comforting. “I heard that. It might surprise you, young lady, but there’s a lot at stake here, and I’m tired of your bullshit. I’m not losing my job over this. Do you understand me?”
“What are you talking about?”
“We hired a detective in California. He spoke with your mom in the hospital. She hasn’t heard from you in over five months. That ring any bells?”
The problem with lying is that when you’re caught, there’s nowhere to hide. I can’t invent something that will get me out of this. So I stare at him and say nothing.
“She knew nothing about signing a waiver. So whoever’s signature that is, it isn’t hers.”
“I…I’m sorry, Paul. It’s just…she wouldn’t sign it. But don’t worry.” I tell them both about the court tomorrow. Paul shakes his head in disgust, and Sabrina sighs and closes her eyes. When she opens them, her stare is hard.
“Sage, if you don’t get that signed tomorrow, they’ll boot you off the show. The attorneys will force the issue. You’ve put us all in jeopardy by not telling the truth. If I’d known, it’s possible we could have filed a brief with the court in your favor. But now…”
“My attorney says he’s sure we’ll get it,” I say, stretching the truth, ashamed of my dishonesty. My voice cracks at the end, and I sound as bogus as a Chicago politician.
Sabrina lowers her voice when she sees others nearing us. “Sage, if you don’t get that waiver tomorrow, I won’t be able to help you. You’ll be off the show, no more chances. Do you understand? This isn’t a game.”
I nod. “I know it isn’t. And I’m sorry. I’ll take care of it. I promise.”
Paul shakes his head and stalks off. His parting words slice me like a knife. “Your word’s not worth shit.”
Sabrina looks away, and I feel lower than dirt. It all seemed so harmless when I forged her signature. Now the reality of people losing jobs because of my recklessness, and being thrown off the show when I’m almost at the finish line, comes crashing in. Here I am judging Derek for blowing it, and I’m guilty of the same thing. I’ll lose everything if the court doesn’t grant my plea, and have nobody to blame but myself.
What was I thinking? That I could become a national celebrity and the problem would just go away? How naive can you get? I should have bitten the bullet and begged my mom, or told the truth and let the show help me. It’s not like they haven’t been supportive. Sabrina’s right. I’ve been treating the situation like it wasn’t serious, and judging by Paul’s attitude, I’m about to get the mother of all reality checks.
I see Derek by the stage door and want to run to him, throw my arms around him, tell him I’ve been an idiot – that my pride’s dictated my moves, not my heart. But he’s talking to a reporter, and instead of trusting my instinct, I turn to Sabrina. “I can’t apologize enough. I didn’t do it to get anyone in trouble. I just wanted a chance to be on the show, and my mom…she’s an alcoholic, in and out of the hospital, and she’ll do whatever her boyfriend says. He’s the reason I ran away. He hates me,” I explain, but her expression’s still hard. Nobody trusts a word I say, and I don’t blame them.
I brought it on myself.
Sabrina frowns. “That’s a shame, but it’s out of my hands. If this isn’t handled by close of business tomorrow, I – we, have no choice. I’m sorry too.”
She walks away, leaving me to stew in my own juices. I have to stick around to do the final winner’s hurrah on stage – I’m one of the final six who will compete in the finals, as are Derek, Jeremy, Alan, Misty, and Samantha. I stand in the spotlight with a fake smile, wanting the earth to swallow me whole.
When we tromp offstage, Jeremy takes my hand and whispers in my ear, “You look like you saw a ghost. What’s up?”
“I’ll tell you later.”
The media’s waiting for all of us, and Sabrina expertly directs the proceedings. The six finalists are news, and she’s putting the full-court press on getting everyone visibility so the final show’s a ratings blockbuster. I answer the questions by rote, having gone through so many interviews I’m on automatic pilot. I can’t wait for this to be over tonight so I can go home, crawl into bed, and shut the world out.
I see Derek by the door again, and this time I move toward him, not sure what I’m going to say but sure that I need to say something. But Sabrina steps between us and introduces me to a woman from Rolling Stone magazine who wants just a minute of my time. I glance over at where Derek was just a few seconds earlier, but it’s too late.
He’s gone.
 
Chapter 38
Morning brings off-the-charts anxiety as I make my way to the courthouse to appear with Norman before the judge. He’s assured me it’s a formality, but I’m still nervous. Jeremy has a morning show, so I’m going it alone, and every step seems like I’m slogging through mud.
Norman looks like some sort of cave insect dragged into the light in his rumpled gray suit and cheap tie, and my confidence level plummets when I see him. If he’s trying to wow the court with his acumen, looking like a used car salesman’s probably not going to do it.
I follow him into the courtroom, which is half full of people waiting their turn for other matters, and settle in for the duration.
An hour later my world’s come crashing in. The judge refuses my application with a terse rejection. I sit shell-shocked as Norman says he’ll pull some strings and get it reheard, but I stagger away, dizzy and disoriented. It won’t matter if he can get it heard in a week. I’ll be living at Lucifer’s by then. Or worse.
I don’t know what to do or who to turn to. My phone vibrates, and I answer it without looking at the screen. It’s my dad.
“Wanted to see if you have time for lunch,” he says.
“I…It’s really not a good time.” My voice breaks up as I try to swallow back the bile that’s rising in my throat.
“What’s wrong, Sage? You sound…funny.”
“I can’t talk right now.” My eyes scan the front of the court building, and my phone vibrates. I’ve got another call. “Hang on,” I say and punch the other line to life.
“Sage, this is Martin Lorensby.” He doesn’t sound happy. “Paul just informed me that we’ve got a serious problem.” His exasperation comes through clearly. “I’ve bent over backward to help you, Sage, and this is how you repay me? I give you another chance, and you’ve been lying to us the entire time?”
I’d say something to make it better, but I’m out of words. “I’m sorry. I really am.”
“Sorry doesn’t cut it in the big leagues. Do you know what fraud is? Forgery? That’s where you forge a signature, falsely representing yourself as having approval to appear on television. Do you have any idea what kind of trouble you’re in?”
I can hear the anger radiating through the phone. I opt for silence.
“You have that document in my hands before I leave today, or your ass is off the show, do you read me? It’s over. And I’ll see to it that you can’t get a gig playing birthday parties. You’re screwing with the wrong guy.”
He hangs up, and I’m shaking. The phone vibrates again. I fiddle with the buttons and figure out how to get the other line back.
“Sorry.”
“That’s okay. Are you sure you can’t get together before I leave town? My bus leaves tomorrow.”
I sigh. It’s already been five days? “Why not? It’s not like I have a career anymore.”
He doesn’t understand, and I don’t expect him to. I remember Jeremy’s warning that he’s probably angling to get money out of me, or ingratiate himself so when I win he’ll get a slice of the take. If Jeremy’s right, it’s a bad day for everyone today.
I agree to hook up in half an hour at a deli near the Village, and walk there in a daze, the heat oppressive as a front moves in, the humidity thick as fog. When I arrive, my father takes one look at me and hugs me. “Sweetheart. What’s wrong?”
I want to stay strong, but my tears betray me, and I’m bawling into his shirt like a baby. He strokes my hair and doesn’t say anything. I wear myself out, and now I’m too embarrassed to go into the deli.
“Look at your shirt. I’m sorry. I ruin everything.”
“You going to tell me what’s wrong, or do I have to guess?”
I tell him about the form, my botched forgery attempt, and that I’m getting the boot. He frowns and looks at me quizzically. “What’s the big deal?”
I stare at him like he’s nuts. “Did you not hear me? I’m getting thrown off the show. It’s over. Derek will win and go on to be a star, and I’ll go back to the park, where I belong. I can’t believe I thought I could do this.” I start crying again, and he pushes me away by the shoulders and stares hard at me.
“Sage, I’m your father.”
“I know, Dad. I know.”
“No, I don’t think you do. Think for a second, would you? You’ve got a form to sign, right?”
I nod, sniffling. “I told you. Mom’s got to sign it. And Ralph…”
He shakes his head. “A parent needs to sign it. I’m your parent.”
I stare at him like he’s speaking Swahili, and then facepalm. “I’m a complete idiot, aren’t I?”
“No, just so close to the problem you can’t see the obvious solution.” He looks around. “How about we skip lunch and find a notary? Let me read this thing and make sure I’m not missing something, but if you’re telling me the whole story, your problem just got solved.”
We make our way to a bank and wait for the notary to get through with a customer. By the time she’s done, my dad’s read the form and is smiling. “Piece of cake.”
The notarization takes under five minutes and costs less than a sandwich. My entire shot at a new life for the price of a hoagie. I hug my father hard, and then an idea occurs to me.
“Do you absolutely have to be on the bus tomorrow?”
He looks embarrassed. “Sage, it’s not like I’ve got a magic money tree…”
“Then it’s the cost of the hotel that’s the problem? When do you absolutely have to be back at work?”
“Monday the week after next.”
“So you’ve got plenty of time. You can stay and watch me compete in the finals.” I smile. “I’ll cover your hotel for the week.” He starts to protest, and I cut him off. “I want to do this, Dad. I’ve got money. Don’t sweat it.”
He considers it. I can see in his eyes he’d like nothing better than see me play live. But he’s a proud man, even after all he’s been through, and it’s killing him to have his daughter pay his way. If he’s hoping to live off my gravy train, he’s the best actor on earth, because right now he looks miserable.
His eyes narrow and he grins. “Only if you promise we’ll see each other every day.”
We grab slices of pizza from a joint on the corner instead of going into the deli, and head to Martin’s offices. He makes us wait forever. Eventually he sends his assistant to get us. When I walk into his office with my dad, he’s confused for an instant and then glares at me. “What’s this? Another trick?”
I shake my head. “Martin, this is my father. He’s in town for the show. He signed your form and got it notarized. Sorry for all the confusion.”
My dad puts the form on Martin’s desk with a flourish. Martin picks it up and studies it long and hard before nodding. “Why is everything right down to the wire with you?”
I shrug. “All’s well…”
“Fine. Get out of here. Between this and your antics with Derek, you’ve taken five years off my life.” He looks at my father. “Try to keep her out of trouble for one more week. Please.”
My dad tilts his head and eyes me. “Good luck, huh?”
We spend the rest of the day together, and I take him sightseeing – something I know he’d never do on his own. He’s been sitting in his stinky little hotel room all week, only venturing out when he needs to eat. The sun’s dropped into the Hudson River by the time we’re done, and I invite him to dinner at Jeremy’s favorite Italian place. He agrees, and we have an amazing pasta dinner. We linger over coffee, and I hug him again when we’re out on the street.
He glances at the street sign. “I know where I am. I can walk it from here.”
“Be careful. It gets ugly the further south you go.”
He nods. “You haven’t seen my hotel. Even the cockroaches look unhappy to be there.”
The air’s balmy but not cloyingly so, and I walk back to Jeremy’s, sticking to a well-lit cross street. I’m happy that my dad can stay longer, and relieved not only to still be in the finals, but also that my pop isn’t a lowlife trying to chisel something out of me. He says he just wants to be back in my life, and I believe him. Is he perfect? There’s no such thing. But he’s my dad, and that makes up for a lot.
I turn the corner and approach the building’s front stairs when I sense motion behind me. Most people will keep walking, hoping that whatever threat’s behind them magically disappears, but I know better from living on the street. I whirl around and freeze in surprise.
It’s Derek.
I choke back the sudden swell of panic I feel and force myself to look him in the eye. “What are you doing here?”
He stares at his boots and shifts side to side. “I need to talk to you.”
“I don’t want to talk,” I say, the anger returning like a familiar friend.
“I figured you’d say that. But I need to explain some things. Stuff I’ve never told you about.”
I sigh. “Derek, what you did–”
“I know. It was wrong. You think I don’t kick myself a thousand times a day for drinking too much and getting into a fight?” He returns his gaze to mine, and he looks defeated. His normally gorgeous emerald eyes are bloodshot, and his shoulders are sagging. The anger recedes as I feel the familiar pull. My little hamster brain may be furious with him, but my body has other ideas.
“Fine. Talk.” I look around. We’re alone on the street.
“Here?”
“Sure.” I sit down on the stoop, feeling like a local. He sits next to me, but not too close.
He clears his throat and closes his eyes, and then opens them and fixes me with a frank stare.
“I didn’t want to get involved with you until after the finals. Because it would have been risky. That’s what I told myself, and what I told you. But that’s not the whole truth.”
I’m not following. “What do you mean, it’s not the whole truth?”
“There’s another reason. One I don’t think I completely understood until after we broke up.” He hesitates. “I told you my mom OD’d, and that before she died our living situation was pretty grim. I learned to fight, to defend myself.”
I nod. I’ve heard all this and wonder if he’s just hoping I’ll warm to him as we talk. If so, he’s got another think coming. “Right…”
“What I didn’t tell you was that when I was ten, one of her boyfriends…did things. To me.”
“Things,” I repeat.
He nods. “It went on for three months. I was too young to know better, and part of me…part of me wanted attention. Even that kind.”
My eyes widen. “He molested you?”
Derek nods.
We sit quietly, and then he continues. “He left, just like all the guys she shacked up with. But I hated my mom – I think she knew. Or suspected. But she was so hooked on heroin that whoever was scoring could do no wrong.” He hesitates. “And I hated her because he left.”
“Wait, you–”
“I was a kid with a mom who only loved the needle. Anyone who was nice to me, treated me well, I mistook for caring. For love. So yeah, I thought it was something…different than what it was. Once I was older I understood, but…”
“Oh, Derek.” I can’t think of anything else to say. My heart’s breaking for him. He looks like he’s about to cry, and I realize how difficult this must be for him. To trust me enough to tell me his darkest secret. I can practically smell the shame on him.
“I never want to get close to anyone. It’s a defense, I think. And when I met you and we started hanging out…when it started to get serious, I think I invented reasons to stop it. Because I was scared. Because the ten-year-old boy inside me is afraid to be close to anyone…”
“Cause eventually they’ll go away,” I finish for him.
He nods and breaks down with a single sob. He’s grimacing, fighting the pain, but it’s no good. He buries his head in his hands.
I want to hold him, comfort him, but I don’t trust myself. So I sit, letting him cry until his pain’s spent. He sniffs several times and wipes his eyes, then gives me the saddest smile I’ve ever seen as he stands.
“I wanted to explain, because I think I was sabotaging us because of that. Up until now, it’s never mattered. The girls I knew were just passing through, like me. It was never anything more than that. But with us…the little kid inside me got scared. So I came up with a logical-sounding reason to keep you at arm’s length. It put me in the position of power.” He looks down at me and shakes his head. “What I figured out is that it isn’t power if you’re doing things out of fear. It’s weakness. It’s letting your demons run you. That’s what I’ve been doing. And it’s been making me sick inside.”
The tightness has returned to my throat, and I feel dizzy. Derek turns to leave and then looks over his shoulder at me.
“I wanted to tell you I’m sorry. You deserve better. I played with your feelings, even if I didn’t know why until now. I understand it doesn’t change anything, but I wanted you to know the truth, and know that I care about you more than anything in my life. More than winning, more than money, more than…” He stops and turns his head back toward the street. “Thanks for listening. See you around.”
The steady thud of his boots on the concrete echoes off the building fronts, and then he’s gone.
I’m so shaky I can barely stand, and it takes me three tries to get the key in the lock. As I climb the stairs to Jeremy’s, vertigo assaults me and I feel faint, and I wonder whether anything will ever be right in my world again.
 
Chapter 39
Police cars are double-parked outside Radio City Music Hall, and a spotlight’s tracing into the night sky. It’s the finals, after a breakneck week of nonstop publicity, and tonight, five of us are going to leave the building devastated, and one’s going to win celebrity and riches. I peek out the stage door, Jeremy behind me, and we watch the scalpers working the crowd of hopeful fans.
“This is it, my dear. I hope you appreciate the education I’ve given you on the proper way to comport yourself as a diva,” he says.
“See Liza. Hear Liza. Beee Lizaaaah…” I intone, and he smirks.
“I’ll have you know that she’s attained the kind of stardom that involves only using a first name. That’s powerful.”
“Like Prince. Or Bono.”
He nods solemnly. “Cher. Madonna. Sting.”
“Pink. Flea. Ke$ha.”
“Please.”
Derek hasn’t shown up, and I’m worried. We’re all supposed to be there three hours before, and now it’s only an hour till showtime. Jeremy and I go into makeup together, not because we need to – with only six contestants, the stylists have all the time in the world – but because we’re bouncing off the walls with nervous energy.
Jeremy’s hair is neon yellow with black spots – his jungle cat look, he calls it. Silly as it seems, his ploy’s been working, and there’s a website devoted to speculations about what color Jeremy’s hair will be this week.
“I wish there was betting. I’d clean up,” he says as he studies his reflection in the mirror.
“There’s probably a line in Vegas. You should have checked.”
“Such earthly concerns are beneath me. I merely feign interest so you’ll feel comfortable in my presence.”
“That’s good of you.”
Jeremy’s wearing a white suit he splurged on. When I first saw him in it, I gave him unrelenting shit.
“You look like those reruns of Fantasy Island.”
“Ha, ha. I’ll have you know that not everyone’s into your jeans and chemise look.”
“Chemise?”
“Those little peasant blouses you’ve taken to wearing. I feel like I’m in an off-off-Broadway run of Fiddler on the Roof.”
“Liar. You love my fun little tops.”
“I do not. I’ve been deceiving you, trying to butter you up so you’ll throw the show.”
The makeup guy goes a little heavier on the rouge than I like, but I defer to his expertise. He says he thought I looked a little pale the last couple of shows, so I tell him to work his magic. The hairstylist has given up in defeat and leaves me to my own devices after touching up my roots again. I get an idea and look at the clock on the wall.
“How long would it take to dye my tips blue?”
“Just the tips? Do you care how fried they are?”
I shake my head. “Not really.”
“I can probably whip something up in forty minutes or so. But that’s cutting it close.”
“Never mind, then.”
“Tell you what, Sage. You win this, and I’ll have you over to my salon and we’ll do a full treatment on you. Free. Okay?”
“That’s awesome. Another reason to win.”
We’re walking back to the dressing room when Derek comes around the corner and stops in the passageway. Jeremy’s eyes narrow, but Derek’s only looking at me. I approach him and nod. “Kill ’em dead tonight, Derek.”
“You too.” He stops. “We good?”
“What’s that the drunks say? One day at a time.”
He eyes Jeremy’s suit. “Fair enough. Have a great show, Jeremy. Nice duds.”
Jeremy shakes his head. I think he’s going to stick out his tongue, but he resists. “Thanks. Break a leg.”
I draw number four. Jeremy’s one, Derek’s three. We each get two songs, one in the first half of the show, the other in the last. The winner will be decided by the viewing audience with telephone voting, although the judges will chime in, their opinions having no weight tonight.
Paul’s been avoiding me, but I don’t care. I’m staying focused, ignoring anything that could distract me, concentrating on what I have to do tonight. My stomach is jumpy, but with anticipation, not anxiety. I’ve sung both these songs thousands of times, the second one only to myself, so tonight will be a world premier of sorts. The other, well, let’s just say it’s so familiar I could sing it in my sleep.
The music starts, and a rush of activity begins – the show’s starting. The announcer introduces the judges and gives a recap of the stakes, and then it’s showtime.
I’m not watching anyone’s performances tonight. I don’t want mine colored by anyone else’s. One of the things I’ve seen too often with the other contestants is the desire to one-up the others rather than just perform the song, and that’s fatal, as far as I can tell.
Jeremy opens the show, and I lock myself in the bathroom, singing scales so I can’t hear him. I’m mostly successful, and then I hear the applause, and it’s time for Derek. I will not listen. I. Will. Not.
Halfway through, my resolve breaks, and I exit the stall and head into the dressing room. Derek’s almost through “Hallelujah,” and the sound of it sends shivers up my spine. I’ve almost forgotten how beautiful his voice is, and by the time he’s done, I’m confident he’s locked it. The audience agrees, and the applause is deafening.
I finish tuning one final time while the next performer does her bit, and then my name’s called by Paul’s assistant. I follow him on the now-familiar route to the stage, and the announcer invites the crowd to give a warm welcome to the “one and only, Saaaaaage.”
Of all the things I could think about when I walk onstage, the one I choose to is my dad, sitting somewhere out in the crowd with Melody. I wave and smile, and there’s a bounce to my step. I’m wearing one of my frilly little peasant tops Jeremy claims to despise.
I sit on the single stool, just as I have every time before, and adjust the microphone. I pause before I begin playing, smile for the cameras, and speak softly into the mic.
“This one’s for my dad.” I shade my eyes from the spotlight with my hand. “Somewhere in the audience with my BFF. I love you.”
I start in on the rhythm, and when I croon the first line of “Me & Bobby McGee,” the crowd loses it. It’s like a mini riot, and I’m smiling as I sing, a vision of old footage of Janis performing it live rushing into my head as I sing the line that’s tattooed on my torso.
It’s over in a little more than three minutes, but when it is, it’s like the air pressure in the auditorium increased. The crowd’s chanting my name, the judges are on their feet, and I’m standing, Yam in hand, blushing slightly. I think of all the times I’ve sung it, all the times people stopped to listen and then went on with their business without so much as a nod, and I smile. No matter what happens, I’ll always have tonight, this moment, and I wouldn’t trade it for anything.
I leave the stage with another wave. I don’t stop until I get to the dressing room, and down a bottle of water like I’ve been in the desert for a month. Jeremy’s nowhere in evidence, nor are the others – everyone’s watching the show. Not me. I retreat into the bathroom again and wait out the first half, but decide that rules were made to be broken on the second half, and go to watch Jeremy sing “I Will Always Love You,” which he does magnificently. It’s a flawless rendition, and when he’s done, I shake my head. Everyone here’s so damned good, yet only one will walk away with the crown. It doesn’t seem fair that you can be ten times better than the rest of the planet at something, yet still come in last – but someone will.
Derek’s up next, and when the band strikes up the melody, I slump. It’s “Bridge Over Troubled Water,” and as he gives it his all, I’m holding my breath and standing on my tiptoes. When he finishes, my eyes are moist. Whatever differences we have, that was one of the most beautiful things I’ve ever heard, and I’m so choked up I’m afraid I won’t be able to sing. The crowd adores him. It’s the kind of performance that makes me dread following it, and I’m glad there’s a contestant between Derek and me so I can regain my composure.
Her gospel number’s great, but not up to the job tonight, and I’ve tuned it out by the time she’s halfway through. When she comes offstage, she’s panting and sweating, and then I’m being called again. I trot out playfully this time, completely at ease, and after waving at the theater and offering a peace sign, I sit and clear my head.
I start softly, but by the time I’m through with the first chorus of Darryl Hall’s “Every Time You Go Away,” the crowd’s almost drowning out the music. The song runs long, and as I end it, my stomach’s in knots and I’m crying. The emotion’s too much, and every note, every ounce of my being, is singing it for the men who left me in my life, for my father and for Derek, whether anyone knows it or not.
It suddenly feels wrong to be onstage, baring my soul, all in the name of some prize. I accept the applause and do my best to hold it together, but that song took everything I had out of me, and I feel empty. I glance off to the side of the stage to where Derek’s standing, his face wet with tears. I feel surrounded and wish I could just run away. But that’s not what I signed up for.
The record mogul is the first to offer his reaction, and he’s at a loss for words – this from a man who’s heard the very best.
“Sage, baby, I’m just blown away. I really am. Anything I offer is going to sound inadequate. All I can say is I’m honored to be here. You’re the real thing.”
The rocker’s wife is equally generous with her praise, but that’s a given – she loves me. It’s Martin I’m waiting for. Martin who was so angry the other day he was going to can me. When he speaks he’s completely calm, even hushed.
“Sage, there are a few moments in life you’ll always remember. Most fade, but those are the standouts, the ones that stay with you. This is one of them. You’re a force of nature. I’m humbled by your talent.”
The crowd roars, and it’s controlled chaos, but all I can think of is Derek, so affected by the song he cried. Paul’s beckoning to me, and I obediently leave the stage. The applause trails me all the way to the dressing room, where I put Yam in the case and then go to the bathroom and throw up, dry heaving and crying for what could have been, for what I’ve let slip through my fingers.
It takes me ten minutes to get my act together, and when I come out of the bathroom, Jeremy’s waiting for me. “I was worried about you. Paul’s going nuts. We’re all supposed to be on stage in two minutes for the results of the voting.” He eyes me. “You fall in headfirst?”
It’s exactly the right thing to say. I laugh, and the tension floods out of me. “Kind of. Why, do I look it?”
“Just a little.” He holds out his hand. “You going to make me late, too?”
“Never.” I take his hand, and we move to the door.
He stops and leans close, and when he speaks, it’s almost a whisper. “You should win. Whatever happens, remember I said that. You’re the winner here, regardless of what some stupid votes say.”
And then we’re hurrying to where Paul’s having a conniption fit.
Everyone files onstage and stands in their preassigned spots, and the announcer makes a huge deal out of building the suspense. As if the moment needs any of his help.
An accountant from an unpronounceable firm brings an envelope to Martin, who opens it and looks at it without comment, and hands it to the other judges. They read it and nod, but their expressions are professionally inscrutable. Martin stands and turns to face the audience and holds the envelope over his head.
“Ladies and gentlemen, we have a winner. According to the totals, it was close. So close…but tonight, let’s bear in mind that everyone on this stage is a winner. That said, there’s only one champion of the first season of America’s Top Talent, and that person is…”
The pause seems to last a minute.
“Sage!”
The crowd roars like a prehistoric animal, and I have to clutch Jeremy for support when my knees give out. I’m holding my hand over my mouth, my eyes wide, making a moaning sound. I can’t believe it. I won.
The next minutes are a blur. I’ll watch them later on YouTube to see how I did, because I honestly don’t remember anything but being congratulated by the judges and the other contestants. When it’s Derek’s turn, he leans his head down and brushes my face with his, and whispers to me, “Cinderella.”
Then he’s gone, as are the others, and someone’s putting a garland around my neck and the crowd’s going nuts and the band’s playing and the lights are blinking and it’s every sound, every noise, every feeling all at once, until I’m overloaded and sleepwalking through the ending ceremony.
Eventually it’s over and I’m backstage. It seems the entire world wants to congratulate me, to touch me, to tell me they knew all along I’d win. It goes on forever, and probably would keep going until morning if Sabrina didn’t arrive with my dad and Melody. Seeing him in his best Sears dress shirt and his jeans snaps me out of my fugue state, and I run to his open arms.
“I’m so proud of you, Sage. So proud,” he says, and now he’s crying too, and I can’t stop, and even Melody’s crying – and Melody doesn’t cry.
An hour later we leave for the wrap party, invited by Martin. It’s at one of the top hotels, where he’s closed the penthouse nightclub for the crew and VIPS. I drink champagne and feel instantly dizzy, shake so many hands and am cheek-kissed so many times and assured by so many serious people that the best is yet to come that I lose track of time, and when I look at my phone, it’s one in the morning.
But the one person I was hoping to see didn’t come.
Melody teeters up on hooker heels with her arm around Jeremy. “Don’t you love his hair? Rowrr.” She flew in earlier that afternoon and is staying at a hotel near our apartment. We’re going to hang out all day tomorrow before we both fly back to San Francisco on Saturday evening with my dad.
Jeremy toasts her and winks at me. “I love your friend, girl. She’s a hoot. And she’s never seen Cabaret!”
I grin. “Jeremy, it’s like almost fifty years old. I’m pretty sure you and I are the only ones who’ve watched it this year.”
“Hush up your mouth. Just because you’re a big star now doesn’t mean you can bag on Liza. Some things are sacred.”
I bow out after another half hour, and my dad and I get a cab. He has it drop me in front of my building, and he waits until I’m safely through the door before he drives away.
I remove my makeup, put on my shorts and T-shirt, and stand in front of the mirror holding my top up, reading the lines tattooed across my ribs. Nothing to lose, indeed.
As I lay my head down, the room spinning slightly from the champagne, I know I should feel great, but the truth is I still feel empty…I miss Derek.
If anyone had told me I’d cry myself to sleep on the biggest night of my life, I’d have laughed at them.
And I’d have been wrong.
 
Chapter 40
Melody, my dad, and I spend the next day and a half doing all the touristy stuff I didn’t do with him on our last outing, including the zoo, a carriage ride through Central Park, a ferry to the Statue of Liberty, and lunch on the banks of the Hudson. By the time Saturday night’s rolled around, I’m exhausted playing host, and ready for the flight to San Francisco.
My dad called Ralph and learned that my mom’s been hospitalized again, and this time it looks really bad, so we agreed to drive up on Sunday and see her – hopefully not for the last time. Sabrina arranged for the flight, business class no less, and offered me a short-term contract to do appearances for the show, this time at a thousand dollars a pop. Even two a week is crazy money, and my head’s still trying to grasp that I don’t have to eat hot dogs anymore unless I want to.
It started raining a few hours earlier, one of the late summer storms that hit the East Coast before it begins getting cold, which I’ll get to experience – I’m doing a conference call with the record company on Monday to discuss timing on my first recording, which they want to get out before everyone forgets who I am. I feel more than ready, although I’ve never been in a studio.
“Okay. I’ll see you in a week or so,” I call to Jeremy as I slip the straps of my backpack on. He comes out of his room, and he’s got some kind of cream mask on his face.
“For the pores, dahling,” he says and gives me air kisses. “I’ll miss you tellibly, girl. Try to have fun, will you? All work…”
“Yeah. Fun. Got it.” Thunder booms in the night sky. “I’ve never flown before. You think it’ll be rough?”
“Don’t worry. In business they drown you in champagne. By the time you’re in the air, you won’t feel a thing.”
A horn honks from out front, and I smile. “Be good.”
“Or really bad. It’s way more fun.”
I go downstairs and push the door open. The rain’s slowed to a drizzle and it’s warm. The cab’s in front of the wrong building, ensuring I’ll get nice and drenched. I take a deep breath and plunge out into the rain. As I near the cab, a familiar voice calls from behind me.
“Sage.”
I slow and turn. It’s Derek, soaked, wet hair hanging in his face. He’s approaching from where he must have been waiting for me. I go to the taxi and tell the driver I’ll be a minute, and then return to where Derek’s waiting, the rain streaking down in the dim light. He doesn’t seem to care.
“I heard you’re leaving,” he says. I rush to him and hug him. He wraps his arms around me, and I lift my head. His lips crush down on mine, and it’s magic, my entire body thrumming as we kiss. I’m crying out of happiness, the salt of my tears blending with the rain. Heat flares in me as I pull his head down so I can get more of him, greedy for his sweet lips, his taste, his essence. He raises his hands to my face and runs his fingers through my sopping hair, and it feels incredible. I moan deep in my throat and shift my head, and then the cab honks, reminding me that I’m not floating to heaven in Derek’s arms tonight. He pulls away and then kisses me again, and I’m laughing and crying and about to explode with joy as the rain cascades down on us both, locked together as one, our connection powerful enough to power the city.
Another honk.
This time it’s me who pulls away.
“I have to go.”
He’s staring at me as though hypnotized. “I know.”
“How?”
“A little bird.”
“I miss you so much, Derek.”
“I know. I do too. I wish you weren’t leaving.”
“I’ll be back in a week,” I say, and then reality hits. That’s fine for me, but Derek didn’t win. He’ll be living on the streets, playing for his dinner, same as always. “I wish you’d won instead of me. I don’t care about any of it. I…I just want you.”
“Careful what you wish for,” he says. I don’t understand. He smiles his crooked grin, and my heart flutter starts. “I’m staying in New York. I got offered a record deal, too. Not as big as yours, I’m sure, but it’s a deal. Apparently even a runner-up can sell some tunes.”
“That’s awesome, Derek! Oh, my God! I’m so happy for you. I felt so crummy that it had to be either you or me.”
“Well, no half-million bucks, but hey, it would have ruined me anyway, right?”
He leans into me, and we begin kissing again, and the driver honks, this time a long blare.
“Crap. I have to run. I’m picking up my dad and Melody, and then we’re off to the airport.” I look at him, soaking wet, seemingly impervious to the elements and more beautiful than anyone has a right to be, and nod. “Will you wait for me?”
His radiant smile seems to light up the night.
“I’ll be counting the minutes.”
<<<<>>>>
 
More than Anything
More Than Anything continues Sage and Derek’s saga from Less Than Nothing. Can true love overcome adversity and a mountain of obstacles keeping them apart?
Will the temptations of their new found success be too much for them?
Can hope and sincerity withstand the high-pressure reality of the music industry?
Sometimes it’s hard to choose the right path, even if you want a future with your soul mate more than anything.
For more information visit: REBlake.com
 
About the Author
R. E. Blake is the pseudonym of a USA Today bestselling author of over 30 novels.
For new release updates and to sign up for notifications, please visit:
REBlake.com
Go back to Contents
