
Tarnished Saints’ Christmas

(Tarnished Saints Series Prequel)

By 

Elizabeth Rose

Copyright © 2014 by Elizabeth Rose Krejcik
Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold
or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This is a work of fiction. All characters, names, places and incidents are either a product of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously. Any similarity to actual organizations or persons living or deceased is entirely coincidental. All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced or transmitted in any form whatsoever without the author’s written permission.

Cover by Elizabeth Rose Krejcik
Cover images provided by Shutterstock.



Ebooks By Elizabeth Rose:

(Legacy of the Blade Series)
Free Prequel
Lord of the Blade
Lady Renegade
Lord of Illusion
Lady of the Mist

(Daughters of the Dagger Series)
Daughters of the Dagger – Prequel (Free)
Ruby – Book 1
Sapphire – Book 2 
Amber – Book 3 
Amethyst – Book 4

 (Madman MacKeefe Series)
 Onyx – Book 1
 Aidan – Book 2 
Ian – Book 3 

(Elemental Series)
The Dragon and the Dreamwalker
The Duke and the Dryad
The Sword and the Sylph
The Sheik and the Siren
 
(Greek Myth Fantasy Series)
The Pandora Curse
The Oracle of Delphi
Thief of Olympus
Kyros’ Secret

(Tarnished Saints Series)
Tarnished Saints’ Christmas ( Free prequel)
Doubting Thomas
 Luring Levi 
Judging Judas 
Seducing Zeb
 Saving Simon 
Wrangling James
 
(Short Stories)
One Red Rose
My Christmas Soldier

(Westerns)
The Outlaw
The Bounty Hunter
The Gambler
The Drifter

The Caretaker of Showman’s Hill 
Familiar 
Curse of the Condor 

Website: Elizabethrosenovels.com




Author’s Note:

This is the prequel to my Tarnished Saints Series.
The Tarnished Saints Series is a twelve book series about the Taylor brothers who are the sons of a preacher. Each book can stand alone, but in order not to ruin any surprises it is best to read them in order if possible. I have listed the names of the brothers from oldest to youngest. You can expect a new book in the series to be released every few months. Praising Pete – Book 7 has just been released, and watch for Teaching Philip – Book 8 this spring. Stop by my website at http://elizabethrosenovels.com for sneak peeks of upcoming covers and excerpts, and to find out where to buy these books.

Enjoy,
Elizabeth Rose

(Watch book trailer video)

The Taylor Brothers:
(Oldest to youngest, title and book number)

Thomas  – Doubting Thomas – (1)
Matthew Levi – Luring Levi (2)
Judas  – Judging Judas – (3)
James Zebedee (Twin) – Seducing Zeb  –(4) 
James Alphaeus (Twin) – Wrangling James – (6) (coming soon)
Simon  – Saving Simon – (5) 
Peter - Praising Pete – (7) (New)
John  – Loving John – (9)
Philip  – Teaching Philip – (8) (Coming soon)
Andrew  – Igniting Andrew – (11)
Nathanael  – Playing Nate – (10)
Thaddaeus – Taming Thad –(12)



Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
From the Author



Chapter 1

Thomas


Growing up being the oldest of twelve brothers and the son of a preacher wasn’t easy most the time. My pa, Webster Thomas Taylor, was a hell of a preacher in the little town of Sweet Water, Michigan, and my ma, Albina, was a saint to put up with him.
When I was nineteen something happened one Christmas that I’ll never forget. Actually, no one in my family will ever forget that Christmas, as it seemed as though it were an omen of things to come – things that were going to happen to us nearly twenty years later.
Put it this way. My pa expected me to watch after my brothers and set a good example, but being nineteen years old with a girlfriend, no job and no car, I had my mind on other things. 
It was Christmastime – actually 12 days before Christmas, and each day it seemed one of us did something to make my pa more and more upset.
When I think back on it now, I’m surprised our antics didn’t cause him to die of a heart attack that Christmas, as we’d all given him good cause.
I suppose I started all the trouble when I brought home my first car. Little did I know it was only the beginning of a lot of trying times for us all, and I’ll never forget that day for as long as I live.

“Thomas Didymus Taylor, you’ve just bought yourself a car,” said Gus Kramer, the resident mechanic of the little town of Sweet Water, Michigan. “It just needs a little work, that’s all, but ya just keep hanging around my garage like you’ve been doin’ and I’ll teach ya everything ya need to know.” 
The town was five miles from Thunder Lake where we lived in a log cabin on the edge of the water. The roads weren’t plowed half the time and very dangerous in the winter when they became icy.
“Here’s the money,” I said, anxiously handing him the fifty dollars Levi had scammed off the church collection plate while wearing his altar boy’s robe. I had every intention of paying it back to the church as soon as I found a job. But I knew I’d never be able to find nor get to a job in the middle of winter if I didn’t have a car to drive. Neither would I be able to bring Brianne to the Sweet Water Holiday Snowman Festival without it. I didn’t think she’d care to ride on the back of a horse or in a hay wagon as I pulled her with the family tractor, so a car was a necessity to me, no doubt about it.
“Fifty? I thought we said a hundred.” Gus looked down at the wadded-up bills I plopped in his hands. 
My heart about stopped beating right there, thinking I’d heard him wrong when he’d told me the initial price of the car. I didn’t have another fifty bucks, nor was there any more money in Levi’s hiding place under the loose floorboard in the barn. I’d seen Levi scamming the collection basket every Sunday for the last month, and stashing money away thinking no one saw him. Hell, it’d be another month before he could steal fifty more dollars, and I just couldn’t wait for it. I needed a car now.
“Gus, you said fifty and this is all I have,” I told him, straightening a ten dollar bill against my jacket. I’d heard my pa tell my ma that Gus was a swindler one day when he thought we were all asleep, so I was banking on the fact that I’d heard him right and Gus was just trying to pull one over on me. I had to stand my ground.
Gus fixed cars out of his garage since he didn’t have a real shop. He was probably a good ten years older than me. He told me he’d just gotten married and had their first baby and right now he couldn’t afford a gas station with a garage like he’d always wanted. He’d just bought a tow truck too, so he said he wasn’t going to be making any drastic moves unless something just fell into his lap.
I knew what he meant since this money I was using just kind of fell into my lap as well. Gus told me maybe we could work together some day since he’d been teaching me how to fix cars and I’d picked up on it so quickly, and I liked that idea.
“Where’d you get the money anyway?” Gus squinted one eye to look at me over the top of his glasses. “Does your father know about this?” 
Everyone in town was afraid of my pa, so I knew that was why he was asking.
“Sure, it was his idea,” I lied, hoping Gus wasn’t going to go back and tell my pa. If so, I’d have to confess this to Pa, and he wasn’t going to like it. None of us ever fessed-up unless we were caught. I shudder to think what would have happened if he knew half the things my brothers and I did through the years.
“Well, then I guess since you’re the preacher’s son and all, I’ll let you have the car for only fifty.”
“Thanks,” I said, grabbing the keys from him and jumping inside. It was a Chevy convertible, rusty and in horrible condition, but looked like a golden carriage in my eyes. I didn’t even care that the top was stuck down since we hadn’t had time to fix it, and it was the start of winter. I’d have to ride exposed to the elements and freeze my ass off for now, but any kind of car was better than none. I only wished it hadn’t been so cold for the past month. This had been one of the worse Decembers I could ever remember on Thunder Lake.
I couldn’t wait to drive by Brianne’s house and show off the fact I now owned a car. Brianne was the love of my life and we planned on marrying someday and having our own twelve apostles, as we both wanted lots of kids.
If I hadn’t been so excited to finally have my own car after having to wait for nineteen years, I probably would have noticed my brother Levi standing just outside the garage watching me. I backed out of the driveway and was putting it in gear when not only Levi but also my brother Judas stepped out in front of the car.
“Nice,” said Levi with a nod and a crooked smile. He held a grocery bag in his hands and there was something green and fuzzy as well as something that looked like mushrooms sticking out of the top of the bag. Levi loved to cook and was always making weird things for us to eat that he’d bought with the one dollar allowance we got once a month for doing chores. One dollar wasn’t enough to buy a beer in this town, but it was all my pa could afford since being a minister was not a good paying job. He’d told us if we wanted money, to go out and earn it like the rest of the world.
My younger brothers didn’t get any allowance at all, and had to wear all our old hand-me-downs. I felt bad for Nate and Thad who were the youngest, since by the time the clothes got to them they were threadbare with big holes. 
“Where’d you get it?” asked Judas with wide eyes, always wanting what I had. He was the black sheep of the family and more or less a loner. Though he tagged around with us whenever he got tired of being by himself, Levi and I didn’t really want him to, because he always caused us trouble.
“I got the car from Gus Kramer,” I told them. “I bought it from him. It’s mine now.”
“Then give us a ride home so we don’t have to wait for Pa to get done at the church,” said Levi. “I’m making dinner tonight, and what I have planned takes a while to cook, and you know how grouchy pa gets if dinner isn’t on the table exactly at six.”
We all had to take our turn cooking as well as cleaning and even doing laundry at the Laundromat in town. Even the younger boys were no exception. Of course, if my pa would have bought my ma a washer and dryer for the house it would have helped, but he said we couldn’t afford it. Funny tho, how every Monday morning - after passing the basket around for a second collection on Sundays for the poor - pa seemed to have a pocketful of quarters to give ma to do the laundry.
Anyway, we lived simply because that’s the way pa wanted it. According to him, it’s what God wanted as well. I never could understand how being poor and hungry was godly. Ma never complained about it, being the kind-hearted soul that she was. I also think she liked us helping her out because she truly enjoyed spending time with us. After all, if it wasn’t for her joining the Sweet Water Ladies Auxiliary she’d have no friends at all. Pa spent all his time at the church and basically ignored her – that is until every time he decided he wanted another baby.
Levi and Judas both hopped into the car right over the side and I pulled away with the tires spinning as the sky opened up and it began to snow for the first time this winter. Just my luck it had been too cold to snow all month and now that I had a car with no top, it decided to make up for the dry spell.
“Put the top up, it’s cold back here,” complained Judas from the back seat. Judas was sixteen and Levi was seventeen. The three of us being the oldest should have had the same friends and hung around with each other but we didn’t. I tolerated Judas but Levi and Judas never seemed to get along.
“I have to fix it first, so just close your mouth and enjoy the ride,” I said, heading in the direction of Brianne O’Malley’s house at the other side of town.
“Where’d you get the money to buy it?” asked Levi suspiciously, and I knew where this was leading, so I didn’t even bother to lie.
“I got it from the stash you had hidden in the barn from pilfering the collection basket every time you served as altar boy for the last month,” I told him.
“Damn it, Tommy, I was saving that for something special,” spat Levi. Levi was the only one who I allowed to call me Tommy. It was a special thing between us. The rest of my brothers called me Thomas. My father wanted us all to call each other by the full name of the apostle we were named after, but of course that didn’t always hold up – like with Levi and Zeb, but I’ll get to that later.
“Yeah, Levi, you were probably saving it for some booze,” said Judas from the back seat. 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” said Levi. “I was saving that money to buy my own restaurant some day.”
I hit the gas pedal to see just how fast this baby would go, causing both Judas and Levi to fall back into their seats which stopped the squabbling between them. That is, until Judas started attacking me as well.
“I saw you both drinking from Pa’s big gallon of wine he keeps under the kitchen sink and uses for mass,” said Judas.
“You say anything and you’re dead,” growled Levi. 
“Quiet, both of you,” I said, seeing Brianne walking down the street with some of her girlfriends. I slowed down and nodded, barely able to see them now as the snow was falling harder, not to mention filling up my front seat as well as my lap.
The girls all thought it was funny that we were riding around with the top down while it was snowing, and started laughing hysterically which didn’t sit right with me. I was trying to impress them, not make myself the subject of Mabel Durnsby’s next explosion of idle gossip. Of course, that ol’ busybody, Mabel, was probably watching right now from some window anyway.
“Isn’t that DeLaney McDermott with her?” asked Judas, and I knew he was probably getting a hard-on right now no matter how cold he was or how much snow he had piled up on his lap. He’d been asking Levi and me about sex lately and trying to get us to give him a condom. Of course we didn’t tell him anything he wanted to know, nor did we give him a condom. After all, Levi and I were older and needed them, but we couldn’t see what girl in her right mind would ever want to have sex with Judas. He’d just have to fend for himself if he ever did get lucky some day.
Just thinking about sex and Brianne at the same time took my attention away from driving. Brianne’s red hair and freckles were driving me insane and when she giggled and threw me a kiss, I couldn’t take my eyes off of her. 
“Watch out!” shouted Levi, but it was too late. I hit a patch of ice and the car started to skid, and when I looked up I realized we were right in front of the Twelve Apostles Church that my pa ran. Pa was bent over with his head inside the back of his car. I could see him struggling with the cradle he made and the and baby Jesus he’d painted, trying to get them out of the car. They were going to be used in the church’s life-sized nativity set for the play that was to take place during the holiday festival. 
“Damn it!” I ground out as I pumped the breaks and tried to redirect the wheel, but the car was headed right for Pa’s station wagon and there was nothing I could do about it.
“What the hell!” shouted Levi, casing Pa to look up just then. He let go of the cradle and baby Jesus and they fell to the ground as he jumped out of the way just as our car slammed into the back end of the station wagon. I closed my eyes when I heard the sickening crunch of metal, knowing that my dream car was turning into a pile of junk right before my eyes.
Ma ran out of the barber shop next door when she heard the crash. She had my younger brothers Andrew and Nate with her who were eight and six years old. They weren’t in there getting haircuts since ma gave us those at home, but that’s where the Ladies Auxiliary met in the back room to plan the festival since Sweet Water didn’t have a real town hall.
“Boys are you all right?” Ma rushed over to help us but Pa had that look of anger in his eyes that told me we were in big trouble.
“What did you do!” shouted Pa, gritting his teeth and looking like he was going to explode. I thought he was talking just about the cars until I saw him hold up the smashed cradle and a ceramic baby Jesus that was now shattered into pieces.
My brothers John and Pete who were eleven and twelve ran up next with some of their friends, having stayed after school for detention again. Right behind them was Brianne, Delaney, and a bunch of girls. 
I’d never been so embarrassed in my life. It was my first car, and probably my last if my pa was going to have anything to say about it, which we all knew he would. He’d not only give us all a lecture when we got home, but he’d most likely put our personal business into one of his Sunday sermons like he usually did. Just one more thing to embarrass us. No matter what, pa wasn’t going to take this lightly. 
I tried to start the engine but it wouldn’t turn over, and by the look of the station wagon I knew we would be having to walk places or hitch a ride from someone for awhile, because there was no way in hell all of us were going to fit inside now when we went to mass on Sundays. Actually, we hadn’t all fit inside for quite awhile now. Usually our Aunt Cappy drove some of us in her car, but no one ever wanted to ride with her since her driving was pretty scary. 
The snow filled up the seats of my new car, and I felt like burrowing my head under the pile just to hide away, as the girls on the curb started to laugh at me again. Between their laughing and my father’s shouting at me, I didn’t think I’d ever be able to show my face in Sweet Water again.


Chapter 2

Levi


Levi and I stood out back of the barn the next day, shooting empty soda cans off the fence with Pa’s shotgun and handgun that he let me use to hunt. 
Actually, my brother’s name was Matthew Levi, named after the apostle who’d been a tax collector, but he didn’t care for the name Matthew nor taxes, so had stubbornly insisted everyone call him Levi for as long as I could remember. My pa hadn’t liked it, but my ma did, and that’s all that mattered to us. From that day on, we called my brother Levi, and eventually my pa did the same.
The guns we were using were actually my grandfather’s at one time but now they were ours. Our grandparents were dead now and the only thing to remember them by was the lake property and the twelve rental cabins my pa had inherited. 
It was ironic that the Taylors owned a good chunk of the lake as well as rentals cabins and we still lived like paupers. My father told me one day everything would belong to my brothers and I and that he’d made me the executor of his estate. 
Anyway, my brothers and I had spent the last two weeks not only collecting empty cans from everyone we knew but painting them to look like nutcrackers to hang in the trees around town for the winter festival. Ma volunteered us to do it when she went to one of those festival planning meetings. We didn’t want to let her down, so even though we hated it, we did it for her.
I’m not sure who thought it up, but it was a stupid idea. While our younger brothers liked painting the damned cans, Levi and I just wanted to use them for target practice. There were a lot of mouths to feed in our family, and we depended on the meat we could hunt or the fish we could catch to put food on the table in the lean winter months.
Ma had worked hard canning peaches and pears in the late summer, and I’d made sure to help her. She’d also put a lot of extra vegetables from our garden into the deep freeze to last throughout the winter. Levi and I were always the first to volunteer to help her, but of course we had an ulterior motive. We were teenagers with big appetites and it took a lot to fill us up. With lots of brothers and little food, we were lucky if we didn’t walk away from the table hungry.
Levi held up the shotgun and took out only one of the six cans on the fence. He wasn’t a very good shot and that’s why Pa usually depended on me to do the hunting, Simon to do the fishing, and Levi to help with most the cooking. My brothers James and Zeb who were fifteen-year-old twins, ribbed Levi about it a lot but I never did. I thought it was impressive for a man to know how to cook, and Levi’s meals were the only ones worth eating when my brothers took their turns behind the stove. They often traded chores with Levi just to get out of their turn of cooking for the family. 
I liked when Levi cooked tho, because every time I shot a deer, he cooked up a new dish with the venison and gave me the biggest helping.
“Here, let me show you how it’s done,” I said, raising up the handgun and picking off four of the five cans effortlessly.
“Impressive,” said Judas with a whistle coming up from the barn to join us. Levi and I weren’t thrilled to see him since he’d managed to blame the whole car incident on us yesterday to get out of Pa’s punishment, tho we got grounded. Not that it mattered, cuz we were too old to be grounded and hadn’t listened to him for years now anyway when he told us we had to stay home. Still, he doubled up our chores and told me I’d have to drive everyone around while the family car was being fixed, since my car was running again. He never asked where I got the money for the car, so I didn’t tell him. I think he would have asked if he hadn’t needed me to cart everyone around until the station wagon was fixed.
If Pa still had his wooden paddle he’d probably have used it on us even at our age, but he broke it on Zeb’s ass a few years ago when he found him and James hiding dirty magazines inside their prayer books at the back of the church after mass.
Anyway, Judas had a way of snitching on the rest of us that didn’t sit well amongst brothers. I raised the gun to take the last shot at the can.
“Let me try,” said Judas, grabbing for the gun.
“Wait!” I said, my finger still on the trigger, but Judas was too eager and in the trade-off the trigger got pulled and a bullet shot into the ground at his feet. He jumped pretty high, and Levi started laughing.
“You idiot, don’t you know how dangerous this is?” I asked.
“I know how to handle a gun,” said Judas, always believing it though it was the furthest thing from the truth. 
Pa came running out of the house with Ma and some of my brothers right behind her.
“Thomas, what happened?” asked Ma with concern in her eyes.
“He almost shot off his brother’s foot, that’s what happened,” growled Pa. “Thomas, if you don’t watch it, you’re going to kill someone some day. I’m going to have to take that gun away if you can’t be careful around your brothers. Maybe I’ll have to start locking up my guns.”
“It was Judas’s fault,” I said, and of course Judas denied it.
“Nope. It was his fault Pa. He wasn’t careful.” Judas held up the gun and shot out the last bullet missing the can entirely.
“Judas, you’re not lying to me and betraying your brother are you?” asked Pa, starting to realize Judas was living up to his namesake.
“Maybe it was both our faults,” he said after a pause.
“All right, you boys wash up for supper,” said Ma, pulling her sweater around her as she’d run out into the cold without her coat. Thankfully it had stopped snowing but was still very cold and ma hadn’t been feeling all that well lately with the migraines she got that often kept her from getting out of bed sometimes. I put my arm around her and we all headed back to the house.
“Where’s Levi?” asked Pa, looking around.
“I saw him going to the barn,” said Judas.
“I’ll get him,” I said, and headed over to the barn to find him.
“Levi?” I called out, walking into the barn. It was already getting dark and I lit up a kerosene lantern and walked inside. A flashlight would have been safer around all that hay, but my pa was being thrifty as well as old fashioned.
Levi was at the far end of the barn and when I walked up to him I saw him hiding something in the hay. 
“What are you doing?” I asked.
“Nothing.” His eyes looked glassy and I had the feeling he’d been visiting Old Man MacAllister again and the man had been sending home samples of his latest white lightning. I stuck my hand into the hay and pulled out a half empty bottle of the potent brew. Sure enough, I’d caught him in the act.
“You’re drinking again, Levi. You really shouldn’t be doing this.”
“Don’t say that until you try it,” he said with a smile, challenging me. I looked over my shoulder quickly and then out of nothing more than curiosity, I took a swig. 
“Fires of hell!” I managed to squeak out, as the alcohol burned a path right down to my belly. It was the most invigorating thing I’d ever done. I felt full of life and burning up at the same time. I probably would have tried another swig if Pa hadn’t stormed into the barn just then with Judas and my brother Simon at his side.
“You boys are drinking, just like Judas said,” growled Pa, grabbing the bottle out of my hand.
“Levi also stole money from the collection basket in church and Thomas used it to buy his car,” Judas told him next, making me want to kill him.
“You bastard,” spat Levi. “You just ratted on your own brothers, you traitor.” 
“Yeah, what are you the snitch police or something?” Simon chimed in.
“No, he’s the betrayer just like in the Bible,” said Levi. “He is Judas Silver Taylor.”
Judas didn’t like Levi calling him by his full name and his face became red from Levi’s goading, tho I have to say he deserved it. Levi lunged forward next and started pounding on Judas, but Judas was holding his own in the fight. Then one of Judas’s punches missed and hit Simon in the arm. Simon was a scrapper when it came to fighting, and even though he was only fourteen he could fight like a man. He jumped in between them and started fighting as well.
“You hit me, Judas!” screamed Simon, and the three of them fought while I just stood there waiting for Pa to stop it, but he just crossed his arms and nodded his head.
“God takes care of those who take care of themselves,” he said, and then looked over to me. “This is better than any punishment I could give them. Just let them duke it out. Some day you’re going to have children, Thomas, and if you don’t discipline them right off the bat, you’re going to have trouble. Don’t let that happen, son. Lay down the law and don’t give in or you’ll be sorry you did.”
It was odd to hear my pa say that, as he’d ruled us with a heavy hand and this is where it got him. Still, I never forgot his words of wisdom, and knew I’d raise my kids with discipline some day when Brianne and I had our own twelve apostles.
 


Chapter 3

Judas


The next morning I was able to get the convertible top working, and up in time to pick up my brothers at the bus stop on their way home from school and drop them off at the house. I was on my way to Gus’s to help him pound the dents out of the station wagon, when I saw Judas sneaking into Old Man MacAllister’s barn with DeLaney McDermott at his side.
I knew I should just ignore it and go work on the car like Pa was expecting me to do, but Levi and I were still sore at him for snitching on us lately. So I figured this might be the opportunity to give him a dose of his own medicine.
I stopped the car down the road and walked back through the freshly fallen inch of snow toward the barn. “Well, Judas Silver Taylor,” I said to myself, “you’re about to be busted.”
Old Man MacAllister’s back was toward me as he loaded up some winter squash he’d managed to find under the snow onto the back of the hay wagon. He had a wife but she kept to herself in the house most the time, and no one hardly ever saw her except for mass on Sundays and when she baked pies for the summer fairs.
They were nice people, but not overly friendly. In all the years I’d known him, I still wasn’t really sure of the man’s first name. I bypassed him altogether and headed over to the open door of his barn. I could hear horses inside, and it surprised me to see my fifteen-year-old brother, James, come riding out of the barn on a horse.
“Zeb, bring that horse over here,” shouted Old Man MacAllister. “I need you to ride on up to the orchard and get something for me I forgot up there.”
“My name’s James,” said James softly, always being the more passive of the twins. Where Zeb was wild and loved to entertain the ladies, James wouldn’t say much about anything, but rather just acted polite and in my opinion, wimpy. Especially around the girls.
“James what are you doing here?” I asked. 
“I got a job exercising Mr. MacAllister’s  horses for the winter,” he said. “His grandson, Bryce, is in town and he’s been showing me what to do.”
I knew the MacAllisters’ grandchildren, as they’d come to visit on Thunder Lake every summer as well as every Christmas. Bryce was a year or two older than James and his little sister Melinda was about seven or eight. 
“You always did love horses,” I said. “Hey, did you see Judas go inside the barn?”
“No, but he’d better stay away from the old man’s still or he’s going to get shot,” said James, heading away to help out the farmer.
I sneaked into the barn, and heard a noise up in the loft. I crawled up the ladder quietly, and found Judas buck naked in the damned cold, sowing his oats into Delaney McDermott who was lying on her back in the hay. I wanted to bust him right there, but thought it’d be too embarrassing for Delaney since I’d just seen her naked as well. So instead, I turned and made my way down the ladder just as Old Man MacAllister came into the barn with his rifle in his hand.
“What are you doin’ in here, Thomas?” he asked me, but before I had a chance to answer, I heard Judas and his girlfriend going at it louder now from the loft. Old Man MacAllister was half-deaf thank goodness, or he would have heard it too. I probably should have pointed it out just to get back at Judas for being such a snitch, but I didn’t. I knew he was probably only causing trouble with us trying to get attention since no one ever gave him any. I almost felt sorry for him in a way because it never felt good to be shunned by anyone, especially your own brothers. Besides, Old Man MacAllister was half blind and I didn’t want him shooting at anyone, definitely not my brother and a not-so-innocent young girl. I figured it was time to leave just then, for as much as I wanted to bust Judas, I didn’t have the heart to do it.
“I wanted to ask you if you knew anything about cars, since you have all those tractors you’re always fixing,” I said as a distraction, not really meaning a word of it.
“I may know a little bit, what ya need, son?”
I guided the old man out of the barn only hoping Judas had found someone to give him a condom after all.

Chapter 4

Zeb


Saturday night I’d finally had a date with Brianne, having taken her to hear the band that was playing in the pavilion in the town square. It was a mini-festival leading up to the Snowman Festival next weekend. And if Snowman Festival wasn’t a lame enough choice of a name, the Ladies Auxiliary decided to call this the Snowflake Festival.
There hadn’t been more than an inch of snow since the crazy downfall the day I’d got my car, so I thought neither name was appropriate. The Ladies Auxiliary had planned a huge snowman-building competition as well as an ice carving demonstration to go along with the festival name, but no one was going to be able to build a decent snowman unless we got a little more snow. 
“This band is good, but they must be freezing,” said Brianne hugging her scarf around her nose, and I knew that was my cue to put my arm around her. We hadn’t actually had sex yet, though we’d come close, but I knew tonight was going to be my lucky night. 
I figured if Judas could sow his oats in a barn and his girl didn’t complain about the cold, then maybe I could use my new car for the same purpose and Brianne wouldn’t mind either. After all, the top worked now and the heater had a good head of steam that spurted out when I cranked up the dial to high.
“Let’s go get warm in my car,” I said, guiding her to where I’d left it right in front of the sheriff’s office. Not the best place to park when you planned on making out with a girl and getting lucky, but I figured I’d drive to some remote place and park on the side of the road where no one could see us
The whole atmosphere was very Christmas-like with twinkling strands of colored lights not only strung across the music pavilion but also down the block in the trees all the way from the diner on one end to the antique shop on the other.
Tonight was also the night that everyone joined in decorating the dozen Christmas trees placed in big pots outside of the businesses. Ma was there with Philip, Andrew and Nate, and I saw Judas in front of the sheriff’s office talking to DeLaney. Levi stood in front of the diner helping to pass out samples of some kind of hot chocolate type drink with cayenne mixed in that he’d invented, as if he thought anyone would really like it.
There was an ice skating rink in the parking lot next to the grocery store where Simon had taken Thad, and John and James were giving hay rides using Old Man MacAllister’s horse and wagon. I noticed the MacAllister grandchildren, Bryce and Melinda there as well. Little Melinda never left poor James’s side.
I was about to help Brianne into the car when Pa ran down the street from the church with Pete at his side, calling out to me.
“Thomas, wait!”
“Damn,” I mumbled under my breath then looked over to Brianne. “Just ignore them, and let’s get going.”
“I don’t know, Thomas, it sounds kind of important,” said Brianne, refusing to get into the car until we found out if anything was wrong.
“Pa, I’m on a date,” I said, going over to stop him from getting too close and scaring off someone I really liked.
“I need you to take me to Burley’s,” said my pa. “Pete just told me he saw Zeb earlier with that pawn shop owner’s son, Snappy, and they were headed toward Burley’s.”
“The bar?” asked Brianne, and I knew right away there was going to be trouble. There was only one reason an under-aged kid would be going into a bar, and Zeb wasn’t going there to drink. I was sure he was going to see the strippers.
“Brianne, I’m sorry but can you wait here for me until I get back?”
“It’s cold out here.”
“She can wait for you inside the church with Pete,” said Pa, hopping into my car before I could object.
Sure enough, when we got to Burley’s and walked inside, the lights were low, the place was smoky, and there were naked girls on stage winding themselves around stripper poles in very provocative positions. It felt awkward to be in there standing next to a preacher who was also my pa.
“God forgive me,” said my pa, making a big show out of blessing himself, probably because he had everyone’s attention. It wasn’t every day a preacher walked into a strip joint, and by Pa’s reaction, I got the feeling it was the first time for him.
“Pa, I see Snappy on the other side of the bar. I’ll go talk to him and find Zeb and bring him out. Why don’t you wait in the car?”
“I don’t want my son hanging around with anyone who brings him in a place like this,” Pa complained and headed out to the car.
I hurried over to the other side of the room, angrier than all hell to have my date with Brianne interrupted.
“Virgil,” I said, calling Snappy by his real name just because he hated it. “You brought my brother in here, now where is he?”
“Don’t call me that, Thomas. You know I go by Snappy,” said the man who was a few years older than me and probably just old enough to legally drink.
“I’m not looking for trouble, now just tell me where he is and we’ll leave.”
There was booing heard from behind me but I didn’t pay much attention at first.
“If you’re looking for James, he’s right behind you.”
I knew he was talking about Zeb, since James Zebedee was my brother’s real name, and Snappy was just calling him that cuz I’d called him Virgil. My father had named both the twins James since there were two apostles named James in the Bible. However, he’d given them different middle names that depicted the fathers of the James’s from so long ago.
I turned around and to my shock and surprise, my fifteen-year-old brother Zeb was standing at the front of the stage watching the strippers, unbuttoning his shirt and showing his chest, probably hoping to get lucky with one of the girls or something. He received more shouts to get out of the way, and people started to throw things. 
I ran to the front of the stage and pulled Zeb out of the way and toward the door.
“What the hell were you thinking?” I growled.
“I was thinking how much money those girls were making the way everyone kept sticking dollar bills into their g-strings.”
“Well, stop thinking about it,” I told him. 
“What an easy way to make a living, just by taking off your clothes and dancing around.”
I knew it was time to get my brother out of there because he was starting to have thoughts that no son of a preacher should ever have.


Chapter 5

Thad & Nate


Needless to say, Pa was so angry at Zeb the night before that I never did get back to my date with Brianne. I figured it was more important to try to save Zeb from being killed, though he did put up a good debate about how Pa never saw him do anything, and until proven guilty he was innocent.
We all sat in one long row in church the next morning, listening to Pa ramble on and on about the sins of the flesh and how we can’t be weak or the devil will take over our souls.
I looked around the church, wondering if I could spot Brianne, but it was so crowded I wasn’t sure. She might be in the back of the church, but we all sat up front in the limelight since we were the preacher’s family. Everyone of us hated it, but Pa would have it no other way. 
I looked over and saw Ma with her eyes closed, praying. Levi had his eyes closed as well but he was sleeping, and Judas was trying to avoid Old Man MacAllister by hiding behind the open songbook.
Pete had a pair of dice he kept rolling around in his hands, trying to talk to James who couldn’t seem to decide if he should listen to Pa or Pete. Zeb sat directly in front of Pa and had the nerve to fan himself and unbutton his shirt halfway down to his navel, and Philip and John just looked bored. Simon and Andrew were up on the dais also looking bored, taking their turns as being altar boys for the day.
Then I noticed six-year-old Nate crawling around the pew, then looking over to the organist who had dropped her music and was kneeling on the floor picking it up. Nate ran across the room and I figured he was going to help her, until he hoisted himself up onto the bench and started playing chopsticks on the organ.
My brothers and I did all we could to hold back our laughs, and Pa just kept giving the organist the evil eye while he tried to talk louder and louder. Mrs. Millberry, the organist was a chubby, pale woman, and all the kids called her Mrs. Pillsbury and giggled behind her back at their joke.
She tried to get Nate to stop, but he reached up and pushed a few more buttons and hit a few more keys and the noise blasted out over the entire church now, drowning out my pa’s sermon.
I just nodded my head, thinking that Nate always seemed to love music, and it just took a six-year-old to get a preacher to stop rambling on.
By then, ma was out of her seat so fast that she spilled her purse all over the floor. She quickly headed over to collect Nate. In the meantime, Thad who was five, got down on the ground and started picking up the spilled painkillers my ma took for her migraines,  and started popping them into his mouth like candy.
“No, Thad, put those down,” I called out from the other end of the pew, and I guess I must have scared him cuz his eyes opened wide and he swallowed them down in one big gulp. I jumped over my brothers, trying to make my way to him quickly, and he thought it was some kind of game and giggled and ran over toward the wall with the stained glass windows. He reached up to the table in front of them and picked up one of those glass votives, thankfully not lit, and threw it in the air just as I reached out to get him. 
Well, the votive hit the center of one of those beautiful stained glass windows, putting a hole right through it. People started screaming next. I ignored it and stuck my finger down Thad’s throat immediately and made him vomit right there in church until he puked up everything he’d just ingested. Then he started bawling very loud, and I looked up to the front of the church where my pa just made the sign of the cross in the air and told everyone mass had ended. Nate still banged on the keys to the organ and Simon raced down from the dais and pushed his way through the crowd making his way to Thad who he always seemed to want to protect for some reason.
“Nathanael Bartholomew and Thaddaeus Lebbaeus Taylor come up to the front of the church right now,” my pa said into the microphone. I could hear my brothers laughing from the pew, and knew they had no idea Thad had just swallowed so many drugs. But thankfully, he’d puked them back up so I knew he’d be fine. Maybe someday Thad and I would look back and laugh about this together, but if so, it wasn’t going to be for a very long time.


Chapter 6

James


Monday morning I looked forward to getting back to helping Gus on Pa’s car after all my brothers were off to school. I couldn’t even imagine how Ma and Pa felt lately as I knew that I just wanted a little peace and quiet and couldn’t seem to get it.
Ma decided to stay home and watch Thad, sure he was going to die though I’d assured her he was fine after yesterday. She’d even stayed up all night watching over him and wanted to take him to the hospital, but Pa made us all pray the rest of the night together instead, and said that God would heal little Thad, and he did. Giving up sleep to pray was also his form of punishment for all of us.
I dropped Pa off at the church because he planned on finding someone to fix the hole in the stained glass window today, though I knew no one in Sweet Water or the surrounding towns was qualified. To hire someone to do the job right, he’d have to spend lots of money which he would never do. Still, pa said he was going to make Thad watch it being fixed so he could understand just what he’d done by throwing the glass votive and breaking the window.
I managed to help Gus fix the station wagon, and was glad my family would have their car back so maybe now I could have a decent date with Brianne – alone, and stop having to haul everyone around all the time.
Needless to say, that didn’t happen. As soon as noon rolled around, Gus’s phone rang and when he’d answered it, I could hear Pa shouting on the other end.
“Hold on, I’ll let ya talk to Thomas,” Gus said and handed me the phone.
“Pa, what’s wrong now?” I asked, just cringing knowing whatever it was would involve me doing something I hadn’t planned on.
“The school called and said James Alphaeus didn’t show up today. Do you know where he is?” Pa was calling James by his full name so I knew he was angrier than he was letting on.
“No, how would I know?” As soon as the words left my mouth, I knew exactly where he was. Over at Old Man MacAllister’s and I was the one who was going to have to go get him. Ma was stuck at home without a car, and while the station wagon worked now, Pa was saying mass at noon every day this week – this holy week, leading up to Christmas.
“Don’t worry about it, Pa, just go say mass, I’ll find him.” I slammed down the phone and let out a frustrated breath. While Brianne was still in high school, I’d told her I’d pick her up from school today and we could go to Margery’s Diner and share a soda and a burger or something. Levi was there today helping out the owner, Margery Sacks, so I knew he’d be able to get me some free food.
I jumped into the car and made my way over to Old Man MacAllister’s place and sure enough I found James there in the barn with little Melinda MacAllister stuck to him like a fly on dung. The girl was only seven or eight and shouldn’t have been attracted to boys yet. Especially ones who were so much older than her. Still, she had stars in her eyes every time she looked at my brother James.
“James, why aren’t you at school?” I asked, coming to join him as he brushed down a horse.
“He’s watching me while my grandma and brother are gone for the day,” said Melinda.
“Huh?” I asked, not understanding any of this. “Well, why isn’t your grandfather watching you instead?” 
“Mindy, go check on your grandfather,” said James, and the little girl sped away to do as he instructed.
“What’s really going on here?” I asked, feeling like something was wrong.
“He’s drunk,” said James. “And his wife left him. Their grandson Bryce went out to find her, and I said I’d stay here and watch his sister as well as watch the farm til they get back.”
I knew Mindy’s brother Bryce was sixteen and that they lived somewhere in a different state and were already out of school on winter break.
“What the hell did you do that for?” I growled. “You should have called the police or something.”
“Well, Mr. MacAllister asked me to stay and I couldn’t say no.”
“You never can say no, James, that’s your problem. You are so worried about pleasing people that you can’t make a decision on your own that’ll benefit you.”
“That’s not true.”
“Isn’t it? If you were able to make a decision you’d have gone to school like you know you should have. What goes on here is not your problem, now leave it for the MacAllisters and get to school already.”
“I suppose you’re right,” he said, running his hand over the horse’s nose. It neighed and nudged him on the arm. “I’ll just stay til Mrs. MacAllister comes home.”
“That might not be for days,” I told him. “You just have to tell them you’re leaving.”
Old Man MacAllister showed up at the door of the barn just then stinking like booze, and little Melinda was at his side crying.
“What’s the matter?” asked James, bending down to scoop up the girl as she ran toward him and threw herself into his arms.
“Is your wife coming back?” I asked, not understanding what was going on.
“She is,” the old man said, looking like he was about to cry as well. “But my son and his wife won’t be coming to pick up the grandkids, because they’ve both been killed in a horrible accident.”
My heart went out to the little girl in James’s arms as he hugged her and tried to comfort her, as well as to Old Man MacAllister who had just lost his only child.
“You did the right thing in staying,” I said to James, never thinking that I’d be the one to condone his problem of not being able to tell anyone no. “I’m just not so sure Pa’s going to think that ditching school was a good idea at all.”


Chapter 7

Philip


There had only been a half a day of school on Tuesday, as now the winter break began for all the kids, and my brothers were edgy and anxious. The ice sculpting in town was going to start any minute, and there would be one done per day until the Snowman Festival on Christmas. My pa initiated the festival to be on Christmas Day because he figured it was an easy way to get everyone to church beforehand.
The sound of chainsaws and die grinders as well as the tapping of chisels led me to believe the fun had already started, but we were once again in church as my pa decided to extend his noon service and include an extra prayer service for the parents of Bryce and Melinda MacAllister who had perished yesterday. And of course, he insisted we had to be there.
The thought was nice, but the MacAllisters wouldn’t have known either way if we did it or not, since they’d gone back to Kentucky or wherever they lived, for the funeral.
Philip and Peter were serving as altar boys today, and Pa had even let Pete make the announcements over the microphone before we’d started the extra prayer service. Pete was the most comfortable in church, wish I could say the same for the rest of us.
“Amen, and enjoy the festivities in the park,” I heard my pa say, and I snapped back to attention. The sound of prayer beads clicking filled the air as everyone put theirs away, and that included all of us. Pa made sure we all had our own prayer beads, as that was something we’d all gotten as soon as we’d turned five. Actually, we got them the day we were born but Ma held onto them until then, saying we would strangle ourselves with the circle of beads if we were younger.
Nate drove her wild because lately he’d been wearing his prayer beads around his neck.
Everyone left the church and rushed outside, but I knew it would take Philip forever to clean up the altar after mass, as he was some sort of neat freak at times and had some odd habits and ways of doing things that none of the rest of us had.
So I stayed around and waited for him as he precisely wiped out the chalice and shined it so long I swear I could see myself from where I sat in the pew.
“All right, Philip, that’s good enough,” I heard my pa say as he headed out the side door to talk to some of the parishioners. “Now hang up my robes and then you can join the others.”
I went up to help Philip or he’d be here all day and miss out on all the fun.
“Come on, brother,” I said, collecting the oil and water and following him back to the sacristy.
“Wait, Thomas, everything has to be cleaned right and put away in a certain order,” said Philip, taking the things from my hands. “I’ll do it.”
“Okay, Father Philip Bethsaida,” I said using his middle name which of course he never liked. Our pa gave us odd middle names and usually they were the names of the town or profession that related to the apostle we were named after.
“Quit mocking me,” he said. “Instead why don’t you watch what I’m doing. I’ll teach you to be as good as me at this someday, Thomas.”
“Philip, you are ten years old and aren’t going to teach me anything. You may like being an altar boy but I’m too old for this kind of stuff, nor do I really care anymore.”
“Is that why you never seem to be a server anymore?”
It was really because I always sweet-talked my way out of it somehow, but hell if I was going to let him on to my little secrets.
“Yep, I’m too old,” I just said instead.
“Levi’s almost as old as you and he still does it.”
I thought about Levi’s motives – the motives that paid for my car and just decided not to even take this conversation any further.
“Here, I’ll hang up Pa’s robes,” I said, grabbing the pile off a nearby chair, but Philip reached for them too, and in the process an extra chalice with a few drops of wine left in it was knocked over and the wine splashed onto one of Pa’s white robes.
“This is terrible,” said Philip, sounding horrified.
“It’s just a little wine. Pa probably won’t even notice,” I told him.
“No, he will. And now all the robes need to be cleaned because they’re dirty.”
“Philip, you’re out of your mind. They’re fine, but if it bothers you so much than maybe you can ask Ma to help you clean them. She’s going over to the Laundromat right now.” 
Usually Monday was wash day but with everything going on lately and not having had a car, things were screwed up a little and so Ma was doing laundry today instead.
“No, yesterday was wash day,” said Philip. “We can’t do laundry today.”
Philip was a little set on his schedules in a disturbing way for such a young kid. Even when he ate, none of the food could be touching on his plate. He liked things neat and orderly, and wouldn’t even eat certain foods if he didn’t like the color or smell of them. Then again, while he seemed to focus on the small things, some of the big things seemed to evade him at times. But as long as things were organized in his head or done the way he thought they should be done, he was happy. 
No one knew what to do with him, so we just tried to ignore the fact he had odd habits.
 I figured some day maybe he’d find a nice girl who would help straighten out his way of thinking, and get him to relax a little like the rest of us. Then again, unless she was blind, any girl would run far away once she realized how odd Philip really was.
“Well, then just tell Pa what happened,” I said. “I’m sure he’d understand.”
That got Philip to do what I suggested in the first place, because no one really wanted to confront Pa if they didn’t have to.
“I know what I’ll do. I’ll take them over to the Laundromat and sneak them into the dirty clothes basket. It is my turn to help Ma with the laundry today anyway. She’ll never see them, and I’ll sneak them back here before Pa ever finds out.”
“Knock yourself out,” I said, heading over to the ice sculpting where I was meeting up with Brianne. 
The afternoon went smoothly and I was starting to think we’d get one day without a problem from one of my brothers that would make my father explode, but I was wrong.
“What’s that?” asked Brianne, looking up to me as I handed her the hot apple cider we were sharing as we watched the sculptor finish off the carving of a moose with large antlers.
“What’s what?” I asked, pretending not to hear my father shouting from inside the Laundromat. I turned my head slightly and almost laughed when I saw Pa walking out of the Laundromat dragging Philip behind him, with Ma running after them as well. That’s not the funny part. The funny part was that Pa had one of his robes over his arm and it was no longer white, but bright pink. 
“Oh Philip,” I said under my breath. “I should have told you not to sneak his robes into the colored laundry, but instead to put them in with the whites.”


Chapter 8

Simon


Wednesday morning was the first day of winter break and I’d hoped my brothers would all sleep late so I could catch up on my sleep as well, but in a house with so many people, sleep deprivation was normal.
Since the house only had four bedrooms and my parents claimed one of them, that only left three bedrooms for the twelve of us. I shared a room with Levi and John, and the twins shared a room with Pete and Philip. In the fourth bedroom, Simon stayed to watch over Thad, Nate and Andrew. Judas just slept on the couch. 
Judas should have been staying in my room, but half the time Levi was so pissed at him that Judas decided not to be in the same room at all.
Well, this morning Levi was snoring and the room had the faint smell of alcohol wafting through the air, so I got up and made my way to the kitchen to find Ma looking out the window at the lake.
“What’s the matter, Ma?” I asked, rubbing a weary hand over my face and taking a seat at the table, pouring myself a glass of juice. I heard a slight noise from my parents’ bedroom and knew my pa was probably already saying his three hours of prayers he said before breakfast every day and reading from his Bible. He’d made Philip read from the Bible aloud for an hour last night as penance for his little escapade with his robes.
“Simon went out ice fishing early this morning and he took Thad with him,” she said.
“I’m sure they’ll be warm enough,” I said, knowing that ever since Thad was born, Simon had always taken him under his wing and acted like the kid’s mother.
“That’s not what I’m worried about.” She came and sat down across from me, and I could see the concern in her eyes. “I’m sure the lake isn’t frozen in the center. It’s dangerous out there.”
“Ma, Simon loves the water and knows it better than any of us. I’m sure he won’t take Thad on thin ice.”
“I guess you’re right,” she said, looking back at the window, and I knew she wouldn’t stop worrying until they got back alive. She may have had twelve children, but she worried about every one of us as if we were her only one.
“I’ll go out and make sure they’re alright if you want, Ma.”
Her eyes snapped up and I saw relief in them, then she just reached out and grabbed my hand and bit her lip. “I’m sure they’ll be fine, just like you said. How about something for breakfast, Thomas?” She walked over to the sink to grab a clean plate and I saw her glancing out the window toward the lake again. “You know your Aunt Penelope is coming back from one of her crazy trips soon and will be spending Christmas with us.”
“Oh, thanks for the warning. If Aunt Cappy’s back in town I’ll be sure to keep my car off the roads to avoid her crazy driving.” I chuckled and downed the rest of my orange juice. Aunt Cappy had a house in town but she’d been talking about selling it and just living on the road, since she was barely ever there anyway. When my grandparents died, my Pa got the land and Aunt Cappy got a bunch of money which she decided to spend on seeing the world.
“I don’t think you boys should be calling your father’s sister by that name. Why do you call her that anyway?” She walked over to the fridge and pulled out an egg and headed over to the stove.
“It’s just our little pet name for Crazy Aunt Penelope. Besides, I think she kind of likes it when we call her that.”
My ma had put the egg into the pan and I could see her mind wasn’t in her cooking. She was over by the sink fiddling around again, and not paying attention that the flame was too high and the egg was starting to burn.
I got up and shut off the burner and flipped the egg onto a plate and handed it to her.
“What are you doing?” she asked.
“Sit down and have some breakfast, Ma. It’s my day to shovel out the stables and check on the animals so I’ll take a walk down to the lake and see if Simon and Thad have caught anything first.”
“Thank you, Thomas,” she said, burying her head into my chest with a hug.
I got dressed and headed outside toward the barn where we had two horses, a milk cow, and a dozen chickens. I made my way down to the lake first, and shaded my eyes with my hand because it had started snowing. I looked out over the water and saw Simon and Thad. I walked out to join them, smiling to see that Simon had put Thad inside a flat-bottomed rowboat and dragged him out onto the ice where he’d chopped a hole in the water and was fishing.
“Simon, it’s starting to snow and Ma is worried about you two. Why don’t you come in?” I said, not really believing they should, but I was doing it for Ma.
“I just want to try one more spot where I know the big fish hang out.” Simon was only fourteen but he was an excellent fisherman. It was because of him that we’d had so many fish dinners this past year, and though it was winter, it didn’t slow him down. He was going to fish no matter how cold it was.
Thad got out of the boat and decided to push it over the ice while following Simon out farther on the lake. I had an odd feeling in the pit of my stomach so I went out onto the ice to follow them.
“Thad, get back in the boat and don’t bring it out this far,” Simon warned him. “The boat is too heavy for this area.”
Thad flipped himself back into the boat just as I heard the sickening crack of ice from ahead of me. I started to rush out after them, but Simon stopped me.
“No! Stay there,” he told me with his arms outstretched, and I instinctively stopped it my tracks. It was probably a good thing I did, because faster than a bolt of lightning, the crack spread out across the surface and before I knew what happened, Simon had fallen through the ice.
“Help!” I called out, hoping Ma was still looking out the window. Then I went out on the ice anyway, flat on my stomach, trying to make my way to my brothers. “Thad, stay in the boat and don’t move,” I told my little brother, and he just looked at me with wide eyes but didn’t cry. My pa had told us all over and over again that the Taylor men don’t cry. He hadn’t even cried at the deaths of his parents, nor had we though we missed my grandparents dearly.
I could hear Ma shouting from behind me and then lots of scampering feet as most my brothers ran out to join me. I inched my way forward carefully, just as Simon popped up out of the water, thankfully right through the hole instead of getting stuck under the ice.
“Stay in the boat but throw me the rope,” said Simon to Thad. Little Thad did as instructed and threw the rope attached to the front of the boat over toward Simon. If Simon hadn’t been such a good swimmer and also very calm in the water, he might have drowned that day. But instead, he was able to pull himself out of the hole and flopped into the boat just as I made my way to them flat on my stomach. They threw me the rope and I was able to pull the boat onto thicker ice and then to shore.
When we got there, my ma ran up to us crying and threw one of Aunt Cappy’s handmade crocheted afghans around Simon’s shoulders. I picked up Thad and we all headed to the house where my father had just come out with his Bible in his hand and a deep scowl on his face. If he hadn’t been so relaxed from just finishing his prayers, I’m sure he would have been screaming at us yet again.


Chapter 9

Andrew


After yesterday’s accident with Simon, everyone was on edge as we made our way to town the next evening in both my car and Pa’s station wagon for the Christmas Play practice.
Thank goodness I’d talked my way out of having to perform, but some of my brothers weren’t so lucky. My pa decided to volunteer Judas to play Joseph, and Delaney McDermott to play Mary. Pete and Philip were playing shepherds. James, Zeb and John were playing the three kings, and my Brianne was playing an angel.
Levi and I were only too glad not to be a part of this, and Pa decided the youngest three of my brothers were too fidgety and wouldn’t listen, so they weren’t going to be in the play. Simon was still feeling a little under the weather from his spill in the lake and wouldn’t be participating either. He just sat in the pew with Thad on his lap as they watched the practice. 
Nate didn’t care if he was in the play or not and busied himself over by the choir pit where the singers as well as some of the school band kids playing horns and flutes were gathered. Actually, they gave him a triangle and told him he could play it, dinging it whenever they gave him the cue, so he was happy as a pig in mud to think he was part of the band.
That left Andrew feeling very left out, and with nothing to do.
The Ladies Auxiliary had sewn costumes for everyone in the play, and Judas’s robe was much too short and way too tight as well.
“Andrew, come take my things,” said Judas, pulling off his overshirt and emptying his pockets and handing the stuff to Andrew before he donned the robe again and went back up on the stage. He said a few of his lines and looked nervous to be across from Delaney and talking about a baby, even if it was baby Jesus. 
Since the ceramic baby Jesus they were supposed to be using was now broken thanks to me, they were using an old sock wrapped over tennis balls and bundled up in a blanket. Maybe it was just my imagination, but I thought that Judas looked really uptight. Probably because he was feeling guilty for what he’d done in the hay with Delaney, especially since he was now standing up in front of the altar with a big ol’ cross on the wall right above his head.
“I don’t want to hold these stupid things,” I heard Andrew grumble, plopping Judas’s stuff down on the pew next to me with a thump.
“Andrew Webster, mind your manners in church,” my ma reminded him, then she looked up at Judas. “No, that’s not the way you wear that robe, Judas.” She got up to show him, and I just winked at Brianne who looked like a true angel in her outfit with the cardboard wings on her back and the halo over her head held up by a wire coathanger twisted into just the right shape.
I would have been happy just sitting there watching her all night, hadn’t I noticed Andrew making his way quickly out the side door. I wondered where he was going, and looked down to see a pack of cigarettes sticking out of Judas’s shirt pocket that Andrew was supposed to be holding for him. I had known Judas started smoking lately, but since the pack was open and more than a few were missing and so was my little brother, I had the distinct feeling Andrew was up to no good.
I got up and headed to the door, motioning to Brianne that I would be right back. Once outside the church, I looked around but it was dark and I didn’t see Andrew anywhere.
I was going to turn around and go back in when I heard coughing. I looked around again and didn’t see anything, so I called out his name.
“Andrew, are you out here?” I asked.
First there was silence but then I heard the rustling of the hay in the outdoor manager that would be used to host the play for the actors on Christmas Eve. Andrew poked his head around it and looked at me.
“They don’t want me in there so I’m staying right here.”
“Andrew, you’re only eight. You can’t stay out here alone in the dark, now come on.”
I held out my hand and he reluctantly came to me, and when he did, I realized he smelled like cigarette smoke.
“What were you doing in the manger?” I asked, giving him a chance to tell me the truth.
“Just pretending I was part of the play,” he said, looking so sad I almost felt sorry for him. That is, until I smelled smoke again and this time it wasn’t coming from him. I looked up in the dark across the lawn and saw the manger going up in flames.
“Fire!” I called out, running over to the manger with Andrew at my side. “Fire!” I shouted again, and everyone rushed out from inside the church.
I frantically picked up what little snow was on the ground and threw it on the fire, since Sweet Water didn’t have their own fire station and I knew it might be a while before any real help came.
“Andrew, just don’t stand there. Help me do something to put out the fire,” I told him. He took off his jacket and started beating at the flames which impressed me since I didn’t even think to do that.
Well, by the time the fire in the manger was out, the fire of my Pa’s temper was burning stronger than ever.
“Look what you’ve done,” he shouted, shaking his head as well as his fist toward Andrew, though he didn’t touch him. “Now where are we going to have the Christmas play?”
“How did the fire start?” asked my ma, taking Andrew into her protective hold.
“Andrew, why don’t you tell them?” I said, glancing at my little brother and then over to Judas who was standing there with Delaney at his side.
“I was smoking Judas’s cigarettes,” he admitted.
“You what? With whose - what?” asked Pa, throwing a daggered look at Judas now. Yep, why should I have thought this night was going to be any different than the past week?


Chapter 10

John


My brother John was named John Thunderson because of the John, son of thunder from the Bible. It was a fitting name since John liked to take risks and also to make a grand entrance in everything he did.
It was Friday, two days before Christmas, and this was the time we always went on an outing to the other side of the lake to cut down an evergreen to bring back to the house to decorate.
Ma was busy in the kitchen and Pa was preparing his Christmas sermon, so I volunteered to take my brothers to the other end of the lake to pick out a tree.
Well, John had always loved animals, and we had three dogs that usually just lived in the barn since the house was too small. They were Siberian Huskies and were used to cold weather, so it wasn’t as if we were being abusive by letting them live outdoors.
“Come on, get in the car,” I said to my brothers Pete, Simon, James and Zeb, who were the only ones who decided to come pick out the tree this year. Andrew wanted to come with, but Pa had him and Judas writing essays on the evils of smoking that they were going to have to read to all of us before dinner. I think Andrew was sorry about smoking and really thinking about what to write. Of course Judas wasn’t. He couldn’t give a damn. I actually saw him copying off Andrew’s paper when my little brother left to go to the bathroom.
“How are we going to fit the tree in your car?” asked John, petting the dogs and playing with them outside the barn.
“We’ll just put the top down on the car I guess, and put it inside,” I told him, throwing the gas chainsaw I’d borrowed from Gus into the trunk. Usually pa insisted we use a handsaw, but that would take too long and I was in a hurry to get this over with since Brianne invited me over to dinner with her family tonight. I wanted to look my best and make a good impression on her parents.
“Go on, I’ll bring the sled and meet you down there,” said John. Though I didn’t know what the heck he planned on doing, I left with my brothers and drove to the end of the lake where we picked out a tree.
I cut it down quickly and was about to have my brothers drag it to the car when lo and behold, I saw John coming across the snow at the edge of the water being pulled on his oversized wooden sled by all three of our dogs that he’d tied up to the front.
“Look at that,” said Zeb. “What an idiot.”
“Looks like fun,” said James, and Pete agreed.
“Wish I would have thought of it,” added Simon.
“What are you doing, John?” I asked as he came to join us.
“I made a dog sled,” John answered.
“You’re an eleven-year-old kid, not an Eskimo, now stop it and help us load the tree,” complained Zeb.
“I want to put it on the sled and have the dogs pull it home,” said John excitedly.
“I don’t know about that,” I said with a shake of my head.
“Come on, Thomas. Let me try, please?”
“All right,” I said, getting my brothers to help me load it on the sled. “But just keep off the lake cuz we don’t want you falling in like Simon did.”
“Yeah, it’s really cold water,” added Simon with a fake shiver.
Well, I should have known trouble was courting us lately, but I was in such a hurry to get the tree home so I could go see Brianne, that I just let him do it.
“Where’s the tree?” asked my pa when we drove up without it.
We got out of the car and I heard John coming across the ice being pulled way too fast by the dogs, with the tree teetering back and forth on the sled with John sitting atop it.
“Mush, mush,” cried out John trying to make the dogs go faster.
“What is he doing?” growled my pa. 
Before I could answer, the dogs saw a squirrel and veered off to the left all of a sudden, pulling the sled as well as John and the tree into the segments of our pier that were stacked up at the edge of the lake for the winter.
I heard John cry out and thought I heard something snap. Well, I’d heard right and it wasn’t the tree that broke, but rather John’s leg.
“I’ll get the car and drive him to the hospital in Kalamazoo,” I said with a sigh, knowing my dinner with Brianne’s family was out of the question now.


Chapter 11

Pete


The next day was not only Christmas Eve, but also Pete’s thirteenth birthday. I felt sorry for Pete because having a birthday on one of the holiest days of the year was nothing to look forward to.
We sat around our kitchen table, packed in, and elbow to elbow as always. Since we all had to attend mass at five and then stay for the Christmas Play afterwards, poor Pete didn’t have much time beforehand to celebrate finally being a teenager.
Ma and several of my brothers put the food on the table, and the delicious aroma rose up through the air. Ma let us each decide what meal we’d like to eat on our birthdays, and Pete had chosen enchiladas, and tamales wrapped up in corn husks as he always did. It wasn’t an expensive meal to make, just lots of work but ma didn’t mind. She figured she wanted to make the day as special for Pete as possible.
“All right, just let me get the buttermilk biscuits and we’ll eat,” said Ma.
I wasn’t at all sure buttermilk biscuits went with Mexican food, but it was what Pete chose for his birthday, and was probably a good thing since the biscuits would help fill us up faster.
Ma put the steaming hot biscuits down on the table and my brothers who never seemed to learn a thing, started to grab for them greedily.
“What do you think you boys are doing?” asked Pa, and immediately my brothers dropped the biscuits and folded their hands on the table and lowered their heads. “That’s better,” Pa continued. “You know we need to thank the Lord for this food before we eat.”
I waited for him to tell Pete to lead the prayer since it was his birthday, but to my horror he looked over to me.
“Thomas, lead us in prayers today,” he said with a nod of his head.
“Me?” I asked, dreading the thought. I just wanted to eat and I had no idea what to say.
“Yes. Tell us what you’re thankful for today.” My pa lowered his head, folded his hands and closed his eyes. I looked around the table and all my brothers were throwing me dirty looks to pray already so they could eat.
I cleared my throat. “I am thankful that . . . Pete is going to lead the prayers today,” I said quickly, and my brothers all laughed.
“Thomas,” my pa scolded, but Pete interrupted.
“Let me do it, Pa. I’ve been listening to you at church and I can do a good job.”
“It is his birthday,” Ma broke in, and Pa finally nodded his head.
“Let us join hands as we share in this bountiful harvest,” said Pete, sounding a lot like my pa. He took hold of Zeb and Nate’s hands on either side of him. They didn’t like it and tried to pull out of his grip.
“Great idea, Peter! Join hands everyone,” said my Pa, and I just threw Pete a daggered look hoping he’d stop with all this hand-holding crap already.
“We thank you, Lord, for everything you’ve given us,” said Pete. “From the food on the table to each other, to the roof over our heads. Let us go forth and spread your word and . . . ow!” Pete glared across the table at Judas and I knew right away that Judas had kicked him.
“Pete, if you take any longer we’re all going to starve to death,” I told him in a low voice.
“Amen!” he said, and thankfully we were able to eat.
“That was a good prayer,” said my pa, and I was surprised to hear him say this since he hardly ever complimented anyone. “Pete, you’d make a good preacher some day.”
“Yeah, and he can serve everyone Mexican food instead of communion,” said Andrew causing everyone to laugh. Little did we know at the time that Pete’s love for Mexican food and his way with prayers was going to come in handy for him later on in life.

* * *

Later, after mass, everyone changed into their costumes and we headed outside for the Christmas Play. It had started snowing and of course that made any kid happy, so my brothers were very restless that night.
Since John had his leg in a cast and was on crutches, Simon filled in as Melchior, the third of the three Wise Men, or Three Kings. The play started off without a hitch until Pa realized one of his shepherds was missing.
“Where’s Pete?” he asked, and though I had my eyes glued to Brianne in her angel costume, I knew I’d seen Pete in the little graveyard next to the church with some of his friends.
“I’ll get him,” I said, and headed over to the graveyard where I found Pete down on his knees throwing dice atop one of the flat horizontal gravestones, with his friends watching him with wide eyes. There was a pile of coins stacked up in front of him.
“Snake eyes, I win!” Pete collected up the money and stuck it into his pocket while his friends grumbled.
“Since when does snake eyes win?” asked one of the other boys.
“Since I made the bet I could throw snake eyes.” Pete stuck the dice inside his shepherd’s robe and picked up his curved staff.
“Pete, come on, the play has started and Pa is looking for you,” I said.
“All right, hold on,” he said, turning back to his friends. “Give it to me, quick,” he said to one of the other boys in a loud whisper. His back was toward me and I couldn’t see what his friend handed him, but whatever it was, Pete hid it in his robe. “Now remember, we made a bet. You owe me a buck if I can pull this off,” he said and turned around and made his way to take his place in the burned-out manger. My father had replaced the hay that had been burned because of Andrew causing the fire. There was now fresh hay from our barn there instead, but the whole thing still reeked from smoke.
The play went along fine until the part where Pete was supposed to take the baby Jesus out of the cradle and hand it to Judas.
Pete bent over the cradle and seemed to be taking too long picking up the tennis balls covered by the stretchy sock, and he fussed with his shepherd’s robe a lot too. Then he finally turned around and handed the bundle to Judas.
Judas took it, saying his line, still looking very nervous. Then something reached out of the bundle and scratched him. Judas screamed like a baby and dropped the blanket to the ground and everyone laughed. A kitten crawled out of the bundle and then darted underneath the cradle.
“Pete, I’ll kill you,” said Judas taking off at a run after Pete, who kept reaching his shepherd’s hook out trying to hit Judas. Then chaos broke out and more or less the play was over because of Pete’s little gambling episode.
Pa didn’t look very happy to have Christmas Eve ending this way.


Chapter 12

Tarnished Saints


It didn’t matter that the next day was Christmas. Pa woke us all up at three in the morning to punish us for everything we’d done during the past week. He made us clean the barn, shovel out the stables, feed the animals, clean the house, and even chop wood and stack it up next to the back door.
Then we’d helped Ma with making breakfast, and cleaned up the dishes when we were done. All this, and it was only seven in the morning.
“All right, get dressed for church,” Pa said. “Mass starts in an hour and you all will stay for all four services today.”
That got a lot of complaints from my brothers, and I couldn’t blame them because I felt the same way.
“When can we open our presents?” asked Thad, and the room became suddenly silent. Thad was still young and didn’t really understand that Christmas wasn’t our favorite time of year.
My pa didn’t believe in birthday gifts nor Christmas presents, nor presents of any kind. My ma didn’t agree with him, but since she didn’t have money of her own she could never buy us anything. She usually crocheted us each a hat or slippers, and baked some goodies and filled up our socks that would otherwise be hanging empty by the fire on Christmas morning.
“There are no presents, you idiot,” said Zeb. 
“Yeah, haven’t you learned that by now,” added John, settling himself on a chair, having had to do all his chores on his crutches.
“Didn’t Santa bring us anything?” asked Thad with tears in his eyes.
The room was so quiet that you could hear a pin drop. And just when I was sure Thad was going to cry even tho pa didn’t allow it, the front door burst open and in walked our Aunt Cappy with a huge sack thrown over her shoulder.
“Ho, ho, ho, Merry Christmas,” she called out, throwing the sack on the floor, and the presents spilled out everywhere.
“Penelope what are you doing?” growled my pa.
“I met up with Santa on my travels and he asked me to bring you boys these presents since there wasn’t enough snow to drive his sleigh over here this year,” she said with a smile.
Aunt Cappy was dressed in some sort of exotic-looking multicolored coat and had a long stocking cap on her head that hung all the way down to her rounded hips.
“Pa, can we?” asked Nate looking at my pa with hope in his eyes.
“They’re from Santa, so we have to open them,” said Thad as Simon scooped him up in his arms. “Can I play with your hat?” Thad asked, reaching out to get it from Aunt Cappy’s head.
“Go ahead, sweetie,” she said, pulling it over his head, covering his eyes. Everyone laughed. “Well, what are you waiting for?” she asked, putting her hands on her hips. “Christmas doesn’t come every day.”
“Webster, please,” I heard my ma beg softly, and then my pa looked at every one of us and I knew what he was thinking. Of all the years, none of us deserved a present this year, after all the trouble we’d caused Pa in the past week. But instead of the answer I thought we’d hear, he just nodded his head slowly.
“Go ahead, my tarnished saints,” he said, and for the first time in a long time he actually smiled and put his arm around my ma. Aunt Cappy plopped herself down on the floor and started handing out the presents.
Then Aunt Cappy looked over to my pa. “Webster, if you don’t lighten up already, these kids are not only going to miss out on their entire childhoods, but end up resenting you til the day you die.”
“Penelope, you don’t have any kids nor are you married,” Pa reminded her. “You have no idea how hard it is, and I’m doing the best I can. I pray every day for God to guide me to do the right things.”
“If you spent more time playing with your kids and less time praying, I think everyone would be better off.” Aunt Cappy picked up a box wrapped in gold paper and looked at me. “Here you go, Thomas. This one is for you.” She tossed it to me and I caught it.
I opened it, and found a brown hat that was a cross between a cowboy hat and some sort of mountain man hat. It was nice, and I felt an odd sensation in my chest from this act of kindness. I liked it a lot and quickly plopped it on my head. It fit perfectly, and I couldn’t wait to wear it over to Brianne’s later today.
“Thanks, Aunt Cappy, I’ll never forget this,” I said. “I’ll never forget everything,” I added to let her know I was happy for my brothers as well.
“God works in mysterious ways,” my pa told me. “If you ever get in a bind, Thomas, just pray and he’ll send you an angel, just like he did for me with my sister.”
I realized just then as I watched my brothers excitedly opening their presents and my pa smiling at my ma and pulling her closer, that he didn’t mean to be the bastard we all thought him to be. He just tried to act tough and raise us with a heavy hand because his pride was hurt that he didn’t have a lot of money and he couldn’t give us things like we got from Aunt Cappy.
But I respected my pa and also the way we were brought up. Like the old saying goes, what doesn’t kill you makes you stronger, and we were all going to need that strength for the things we didn’t know yet that we’d be going through in the coming years.
That Christmas started out so bad but ended up being one of the best ones we’d ever had. It brought us all closer together in the end. 
By the way, it snowed so hard that day we had a blizzard, and the Snowman Festival was a huge success. Everyone built snowmen, and my brothers and I built a huge one together. The finishing touch had been when Thad took Aunt Cappy’s stocking cap and stuck it on the snowman’s head.
We may not have been the apostles my pa had hoped for to follow in his footsteps and help spread the word of God, but we were his sons either way. We may have been nothing but trouble growing up, but just like he’d called us – we were his Tarnished Saints. Being together was all that mattered, and that Christmas was one I will never forget for as long as I live. 
It was truly a Tarnished Saints’ Christmas.


From the author:

I hope you enjoyed my prequel for the Tarnished Saints.
One brother’s book will be released every few months so be sure to watch my website at http://elizabethrosenovels.com for updates, to read excerpts, or to get sneak peeks at the upcoming covers. Make sure to sign up for my blog.

(Watch book trailer video)

Besides contemporary, I also write paranormal and medieval romance, and now historical westerns as well. See the book list on the first page for some of my other novels. There are other authors who write under the name Elizabeth Rose, but you can always tell one of my novels by the rose on the cover.
I’d like to leave you now with some excerpts from the books in the Tarnished Saints Series.

Happy reading!
Elizabeth Rose



Excerpt from Doubting Thomas – Book 1
Tarnished Saints Series

Angel knocked once more on the cabin door, not hearing anyone inside. Then she reached her hand forward for the knob, checking first to make sure no one watched. The door was unlocked, and she wasn’t surprised. She opened it wide and stuck her head inside the log cabin and called softly.
“Hello? Is anyone home?” She looked into the small room, which was nearly barren of furniture. A couch sat in the middle of the room, with blankets spewed all around the area as well as dirty clothes. Remnants of food and dirty dishes littered the table of the open kitchen. She stepped over a few books and the basket of kittens. They pawed and played with each other, as if they didn’t even notice she was there. Next, she headed for the kitchen.
An old rust-stained sink and a buzzing refrigerator took up one wall, with a wood-burning stove against the other. The table was old. One leg was a bit shorter than the rest, only reminding her of Samuel. There were only four chairs, all scratched and with the paint peeling off.
“I can’t believe this,” she whispered to herself, wondering how seven people could live in these small quarters. She opened the refrigerator to find a jar of peanut butter, some old broccoli, a nearly empty gallon of milk in a home bottle, and some moldy cheese. Remnants of something she couldn’t decipher sat mixed in a bowl in the center. There were a few condiments and a couple dozen ivory eggs, but that’s all the food she found.
She closed the door, shaking her head. This did not look good at all. These were the first signs of neglect to the children. Not to mention, he left the boys alone and unsupervised while he went out gallivanting.
She made her way to the one bedroom, and stopped in the doorway, not able to believe her eyes. One large bed sat in the middle of the room. A dresser hugged the far wall, and a coat-tree loaded down with clothes was next to the closet. A half dozen trunks lined the floor. There were two very old, torn, sleeping bags at the foot of the bed, and a closet too full to close. She wandered over and looked inside to see what looked like a pile of laundry and a small pillow making up someone’s bed on the floor within.
“This is unacceptable,” she said aloud, knowing now that Thomas Taylor was everything the townspeople had gossiped about.
“What’s unacceptable?” came a low voice from behind her. 
She jumped in surprise, and turned around so quickly, the plate of cookies fell from her hand and hit the ground. Thank goodness Agnes had thought to use a paper plate.
“Mr. Taylor!”
Standing in the doorway, one arm against the doorframe and the other on his hip, was Thomas Taylor, blocking the entrance and trapping her inside. His tall body and rugged build was more pronounced in such small quarters. His shoulder-length hair was windblown, and his shirt was unbuttoned to the waist. Sweat glistened on his chest, and her eyes followed a droplet as it ran in a rivulet down to his slim waist and disappeared into the top of his worn jeans.
“I thought you were in Brighton,” she said, feeling the heat of her face consuming her for getting caught  - no less in the man’s bedroom.
“Obviously,” he said, lowering his arm and stepping into the room. 
She took a step backward as he took one forward, wishing now she’d never been so bold to enter.
“I brought over some cookies as a peace offering.” She knelt quickly, scooping the cookies back onto the plate and trying to recover them with the foil. “I wrongly accused Josh of throwing a rock at me when it was Jake who did it. I wanted to apologize and I . . .” 
His feet were right in front of her nose and she looked up his long legs to his face staring down at her. One small gold hoop earring glistened in the sun from the window. His eyes were dark with anger, his face badly in need of a shave.
“Tell me, Ms. DeMitri, why are you in my bedroom?”
“I told you.” She collected up the cookies and stood to face him. “I came to make amends.”
The anger in his eyes changed as he took a step closer. She moved back, meaning to get away from him, backing into the bed and falling upon it instead.
“I can’t remember the last time a woman came to my bedroom to make amends.”
He leaned forward, a hand on each side of her as his face came so close she could feel his breath on her lips. 
“Usually it only means one thing. Am I to assume you mean to make amends between my sheets?”


Excerpt from Luring Levi – Book 2
Tarnished Saints Series 
(Candace is at the train depot with her six-year-old twins waiting for her ride.)

Candace squinted in the sun, surveying the man headed in their direction. He wore faded tight jeans that hugged his hips and back end, and a sleeveless black t-shirt that showed off his muscles. The last thing she wanted was to get in a car with a crazy teenage driver with her children along. That wouldn’t be safe. She should have specified to the man on the phone that she wanted him to come get her, as he sounded older and more mature. She was sure this man was not Thomas Taylor.
She wasn’t wearing her contacts, since she was in a hurry to leave this morning and hadn’t had time to put them in. So she dug through her purse looking for her glasses so she could see whom she’d be getting into the car with – or if she would at all.
“Are you Sandy? Or Mandy?” The man called out, as he strolled up to them in no hurry at all. “I’m suppose to give you a ride to the cabin.”
Her gut twisted, and she knew now this was the man she’d been waiting for. Well, what did she expect in a po-dunk little town? An actual taxi?
“I’m surprised to see you walking so slowly after the way you pulled up here like a bat out of hell,” she said, finding her glasses and pulling them out of her handbag.
“Bat out of hell,” repeated Vance, embarrassing her in the process.
“Sorry about that, I would have been here sooner but I stopped to get some aspirin for my hangover.”
She slipped her glasses onto her face, angry with the man. “Don’t think we’re going anywhere with you if you’re drunk.”
She glanced up and got her first look at the man who she realized wasn’t a teenager at all. Actually, far from it, though he did dress like a teenager and had a rocking body to match it. Her heart just about stopped in her chest when she realized the man standing in front of her was none other than the father of her children – Levi Taylor.
“I’m not drunk,” he replied, “just hung over. Now let’s go.” He picked up a suitcase in each hand, leaving her with the last one and headed toward the car. She just stood there with her mouth open and didn’t say a word. He hadn’t even recognized her. Damned him for not realizing who she was, even if they’d only had a one-night-stand seven years ago.
“Can we go?” whined Valentine. “I have to go to the bathroom.”
“I want to sit in the front,” said Vance, running straight for the car.
Candace picked up the pull-handle on the suitcase and wheeled it slowly toward the car. Valentine ran to the convertible, following her brother and started fighting with him when he opened the door and tried to climb in the front.
“I want the front,” she said. “You get in back.”
“You can both sit in the front,” Levi told them. “Just keep the shouting down to a low roar, will you?”
She walked up behind him and without even looking at her, he grabbed the suitcase and brought it to the trunk.
“So, are you Thomas Taylor?” she asked, knowing damned well he wasn’t.
“No, I’m his brother, Levi.” He had his head in the trunk and was arranging the suitcases to make them fit. “So how long do you plan on staying at the cabin, Sandy?” he asked without looking up.
“Oh, I don’t know. A few weeks – a month – maybe forever. After all, I hear this town will take anyone.”
“Yep, that’s about right,” he said from inside the trunk. “Sweet Water is desperate for people. I’m surprised they got a celebrity to come judge food at the fair, Mandy. Then he scratched his head as if he were thinking. “What did you say your name was again?”
“I didn’t,” she answered. “But my name isn’t Sandy or Mandy. I’m the star of a brand new cable TV cooking show. You may have heard of me, as I am also the host of a restaurant review show called What’s For Dinner on the dining network in Chicago. My name is Candace Marie Kane.”
He slammed the trunk down and looked at her for the first time, his eyes getting wide in the process. “Candy?” He cocked his head to the side and perused her. “Is that really you, my sweet candy cane?”
“Don’t call me that, you fool!” She glanced sideways at her kids, glad they were busy playing with the glove compartment, opening it and slamming it shut and didn’t hear what he’d just called her.
“Wow, it’s been a long time,” he said with a shake of his head. 
“Seven years, but who’s counting?”
“And that was one hell of a night seven years ago that I’ll never forget,” he said with a smile that spread across his entire face.
“I can guarantee you will never forget it,” she answered, looking over at her children, wanting to tell him he was their father, but she didn’t say a word. She wasn’t even sure right now if she really wanted him to know. After all, he was an ex-con and the way it looked, also a drunk. Not the ideal image of a good father. Besides, if she did tell him, she needed to wait until the time was right. Not here, and definitely not in front of the children. She didn’t really know him, and there’d be no telling how he’d react. 


Excerpt from Judging Judas, Book 3
Tarnished Saints Series

Delaney McDermott, or Laney as her friends called her, couldn’t believe her eyes. She’d been in the middle of chasing down her obstinate teenage daughter, J.D. when a police officer stopped her by jumping in front of her car and then ordering her to get out. Never in a gazillion years had she expected the policeman to be Judas Silver Taylor. Nor did she really want to see him after what he’d done to her. 
Still, it had been the reason she came back to Thunder Lake she reminded herself, as she knew it was time to find him and make him part of her life once again, whether she liked it or not. She needed to talk to him about something she should have told him long ago, even if it did scare the hell out of her.
“Hurry, get out, I need to use your car to go after that damned thief who just stole a woman’s purse and also my squad,” he told her.
“Not even a hello?” she asked. “Or how about a - I’m sorry for leaving you at the altar in front of the whole town as I ran scared?”
“Laney, I don’t have time for this right now. We can talk later, now just get out of the car.”
“I will not!” she spat, madder than hell at him for more reasons than one. But right now it was because she saw the sheriff’s badge on his chest and knew her daughter would be thrown in jail for what she’d just done. Not that J.D. didn’t deserve it for the way she’d been acting lately, but she couldn’t allow that to happen to her daughter, and especially not in her condition.
“Ms. McDermott, I’m not going to ask you again. Now as an officer of the law, I order you to step out of your car.”
“Ms. McDermott?” she echoed him. “Silver, what’s the matter with you? Don’t call me that. And no, I’m not going to do it, no matter if you’re the town sheriff or the president himself.” She knew she was flirting with danger talking to a cop this way. But she was so angry with him right now she didn’t even care. 
They stared at each other for a moment and she saw his jaw clenched tightly as if he were trying to hold back from saying something to her. Then, when she started wondering if speaking in anger had been the right thing to do, he glanced down the street and at the crowd watching them, and answered in a low voice.
“Fine! Then you drive, but let’s get the hell out of here already.” He rushed around to the passenger side of the car and jumped inside, not bothering to put on his seat belt as she pulled away very slowly, heading down the street. “And don’t call me Silver in public, ever again.” He touched the radio on his shoulder, talking to another policeman. “We’ve got a ten-thirty-one,” he said. “It’s a seventeen-ten as well as a stolen vehicle. The suspect is heading north down Main Street. I’m in a civilian’s car and in pursuit.” There was static on the other end and then a male voice replied.
“Can you clarify seventeen-ten, sheriff?” Papers were heard shuffling in the background. “Are you saying there is a dead animal carcass in the road or livestock?”
“Neither, you fool. Now learn the codes already,” Judas spat into the radio. “It’s a crime in progress. A purse snatching and a stolen vehicle and I’m in pursuit in a civilian’s car.”
“Ten-four,” he acknowledged. More static, then the man’s voice was heard again. “Uh, can I get a copy on that last part, Sheriff Taylor? It almost sounded like ya said ya were in a civilian’s car.”
“I did,” he said in a low voice. “Now stop asking me to repeat myself, we’re wasting time.”
“So what is the make of the vehicle that’s been stolen?” came the officer’s voice over the radio once again.
“Damn it, figure it out, Deputy,” he growled. “I’m in a civilian’s car because my squad’s been stolen.”
Laney heard silence from the other end and then laughter in the man’s voice as it resounded over the radio once again. “Are you requesting backup?” 
“That’s affirmative,” he answered. “Proceed with caution, as the suspect could be armed and dangerous.”
“Armed and dangerous?” Laney repeated aloud. She knew for a fact that J.D. was hormonal, obstinate and wild, but she surely wasn’t armed and she was far from dangerous. 


 Excerpt from Seducing Zeb – Book 4
Tarnished Saints Series

Cat was exhausted by the time they settled into Zeb’s condo on the fourth floor and had all the luggage inside. Judas left them, and now they were alone.
“So, this is my place. What do you think?” Zeb closed the front door, stepped over the suitcases and led the way to the living room. Cat followed, drinking in the beauty and splendor of the way Zeb lived.
The front room had charcoal grey couches with grey and orange pillows sitting atop a geometric patterned throw-rug that covered the tiled floor. The rest of the furniture was black, and on one wall was the biggest flat screen TV she’d ever seen in her life. On the other side of the living room she saw wall-to-wall windows and a patio balcony overlooking Lake Michigan.
The interior was one big room that opened up to a bachelor-type kitchen with stainless steel appliances, state of the art of course, and an island to eat at with bar type stools around it that looked to be art deco, bright green and on a metal pole that could be adjusted up or down.
“Nice,” she said, taking in the interior of the room. “Expensive.”
“Wait til you see the bedroom.”
“Oh.” She didn’t know what to say about that, but followed him anyway to the bedroom where a huge bed that was covered with an ivory colored bedspread and burgundy pillows sat low to the ground taking up most the room.
“Watch this,” he said, picking up a remote off the bedside table. He pushed a button and the lights went on, and with another button soft music spilled forth. “Or if you’re in the middle of . . . something and don’t want to deal with the remote, this will work as well.” He put down the remote and looked upward and gave a command. “Jeeva, open the blinds,” he said, and a whirring sound was heard and all of the sudden the entire wall seemed to move, as electric blinds moved sideways and revealed wall-to-wall windows.
“Who are you talking to?” She looked around the room.
“Blinds are open, Master Zeb,” came a woman’s voice from somewhere, and Cat’s eyes opened wide, not able to believe what she’d just heard.
“You have a voice activated . . . butler?” 
“Not a butler – a virtual assistant. I guess you’d say . . . a maid.”
“I noticed. And you even named her. What will you be asking her to do for you next?”
“Oh, stop it, Cat and look at the view.” 
“It is a nice view,” she said, walking over and staring out at the lake. It was a beautiful day and the sky was blue with puffy white clouds. Through the wall-to-wall windows it almost seemed like a perfect painting.
“Jeeva, open patio doors,” he said, and all of a sudden the clicking sound of a lock was heard and the windowed walls slid open, revealing the balcony that had two lounge chairs, a hot tub, and what looked like garden squares with growing flowers and small shrubs in them.
“Patio doors are opened, Master Zeb,” came the woman’s voice again.
“The master part has got to go,” she said feeling disgusted by his arrogance. “Still, this is unbelievable.” She walked out onto the balcony to get a better look. The breeze hit her in the face and she could hear the sound of the waves washing up upon the shore in the distance. “Romantic,” she said under her breath, feeling happy yet sad all at the same time.
“That it is.” He unfastened his tie and slid it off, followed by his jacket. “Have a seat and I’ll get us some refreshments.”
The sun was just setting over the lake and it was making the most beautiful swirls and shades of red and orange. She kicked off her shoes and settled herself on the lounge chair. Before she knew it, Zeb was back with a bottle of chilled champagne and two crystal flute glasses as well as a tray of what looked like bruschetta atop small pieces of crusty bread. “I hope you like bruschetta and Dom Perignon,” he said.
“I . . . guess so,” she answered, not knowing how to respond to that. She knew she liked bruschetta but had never had such an expensive champagne before. That champagne had to cost at least a hundred and fifty to two hundred dollars a bottle. “I’ve never had Dom Perignon before.”
“Well, since this is our honeymoon, I thought we should enjoy it even if our marriage is pretend and won’t last long.” He set the two flutes down on the table and popped the cork and poured them some drinks. Then he handed one to her and held his out. “A toast. To the shortest marriage either of us will hopefully ever have.”


Excerpt from Saving Simon – Book 5:
Tarnished Saints Series

When Piper was sure Simon was going to lead her back to the car, he led her in the opposite direction. That is, toward the lake instead.
“Where are you taking me?” she asked.
“To the pier.”
“By the water?” She felt a little apprehensive about being so close to the water again after the spill she’d taken from the cruise ship. Her body was still sore in places that she never even knew existed, and the thought of her almost dying in the process still rattled her nerves.
“Don’t worry, sweetheart. The water by the pier is shallow enough to stand in, so you won’t drown. Besides, I’ll be there to protect you.” He put his arm around her waist as they walked.
“You don’t have to protect me from everything all the time, Simon. You’re not on the cruise ship any more so you don’t have to be the safety police around me.”
“All right, already. I get it.” He took his arm from around her and with it went the warmth that was emanating between them. Now she was angry at herself for saying anything at all.
“I didn’t mean it that way. Really.” Piper tried to apologize but could tell she had hurt his feelings.
He walked down the dock and then onto a pier that looked old and rickety and started toward the larger of the two sailboats that was docked there. There were nearly two dozen piers up and down the water with slips for the boats. Some of the piers were in good condition and there were others she wouldn’t set foot on if someone paid her.
“Come on, Pippa, we’re here,” he said stopping alongside the sailboat and holding out his hand, coaxing her down the pier.
She had on her two-hundred dollar pair of designer jeans with the rhinestone bling on the back pockets and her good pumps and didn’t want to get them wet or dirty. It was already bad enough she’d foolishly knelt in the dirt at the cemetery.
“I don’t want to get my shoes or jeans wet or dirty,” she told him and saw him roll his eyes and shake his head before coming back to get her.
“Are you coming or not?” he asked.
She looked at the pier again and sincerely wondered if it was going to collapse if she stood on it. “I don’t think so.”
“I thought you said you wanted to see where I spent the night.”
She looked down the dock again and realized what he had done. “Please don’t tell me just because I told you that you couldn’t stay in the cabin, you came and slept on the boat?”
“What’s wrong with that?”
“You’re crazy, Simon Taylor to sleep on a boat.”
“No, I’m not,” he said. “It’s got all the comforts of home.”
“You’re just teasing me.”
“Want to find out for sure or not?”
She looked at the pier again and then at the boat bobbing up and down in the water. “I told you, I don’t want to get my shoes or jeans wet or dirty.”
“Then you won’t have to.”
Before she knew what was happening, he’d swooped her up off her feet and cradled her in his arms. She let out a little squeal and clasped her hands around his neck. The contact between them felt wonderful, but she knew he meant to take her onto the boat. 
“Simon, put me down. Please.” Her heart beat rapidly in her chest and she wasn’t sure if it was from the excitement of being in his arms or from her fear of the water.
“Not until you’re on the boat.” He walked down the pier quickly and with the grace and stealth of a wildcat he mounted the boat with her in his arms, never once wavering. He put her gently down on her feet, and she almost felt disappointed not to be in his embrace anymore. “Well, here we are. Home sweet home,” he said with a proud smile.
The boat swayed in the waves as a speedboat went past, and she almost lost her balance and grabbed onto Simon with both hands. He steadied her and wrapped his arms around her body in a protective hold.
“Okay, take me back to shore now. I’ve had enough.”
“Not until I show you the cabin.”
“This is scary. I want to go back.”
“Pippa, for god’s sake we’re still docked. It’s not like we’re in the middle of the ocean. Actually, you showed less fear when we were in the middle of the ocean.”
“That was before I experienced what it was like to almost drown. Besides, it was a much bigger boat than this.”
“It was a yacht, or ship. Not a boat, sweetheart.”
“Whatever. I felt safer on that even in the rain storm than I do on this.”
“Come on,” he grumbled, not taking no for an answer.

Wrangling James

Praising Pete

