
TABLE OF CONTENTS

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
About the Author
Other Books by Author
Fate’s Return



Pulled Away

By
Sasha Leigh


DEDICATION


For Callandra

Pulled Away, A Twisted Fate Novella
Copyright © 2014 by Sasha Leigh
Published: September 19, 2014
First Edition
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Cover Design: Sasha Leigh
All Images Purchased for use at www.Bigstock.com
Logo Wings: Fiery Wings by blackmoon979
Exterior Photos:
Dark Spooky Forest with Silhouette of a man walking by ando6
Tunnel of Light by rolffimages
Hooded figures in barren landscape by rolffimages
All rights reserved. Except for use in any review, the reproduction or utilization of this work in whole or in part in any form by any electronic, mechanical or other means, now known or hereafter invented, including xerography, photocopying and recording, or in any information storage or retrieval system, if forbidden without the written permission of the author. You must not circulate this book in any format.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental.
Find out more about the author and upcoming books online at www.SashaLeigh.Weebly.com or @SashaLeighS.



CHAPTER ONE


Duty. Of all the four letter words, it was the worst, making me feel as dark as the wall I stared at was black.
Ripped from Alyssa’s dream without a chance to say goodbye induced pain I never knew existed, all without inflicting a single physical wound. But no matter the distance, whenever I closed my eyes, it was as though she was still at my side. The connection we formed hummed with her confusion and heartbreak, reflections of my own forbidden reaction. How could I set things right? Angels in Heaven weren’t known for their flexibility, and unless I became an angel out of Heaven, fallen like so many before, our fate as a couple was decided.
Now, my duty was calling.
Coming back to the Celestial Realm was stifling, too warm and restrictive by unseen binds, obedience, and servitude. Comformity.
I thought the Brothers had pulled me from Alyssa, but no. It was my obligations, the responsibilities I held defined by thousands of years of experience. Never before had I resented it, but after meeting Alyssa? Spending time getting to know the coveted human and having no idea where she fit in the bigger picture? Of all the humans, Alyssa was the only one I could have been chosen to protect that could sway my distaste of mortals to love.
The exterior I'd held on to for so long withered and died as completely as my time amongst mortals. I looked down to see my true form's return as soon as the dream ended. There would never be another visit, but not even He could diminish the feelings that remained. I couldn't set our time together aside to add to the thousands of memories the longevity of my existence had procured. It was the only truth I’ve known, having experienced it rather than having been told to feel it.
Angels were created to adore Him, to add to the power of His Glory, but I had chosen to love her.
It was my free will, and a choice I had known couldn't end well. Who was I kidding? Being with her hadn't been a decision. It was a cosmic inevitability created the moment we'd been thrown together, and by the time I realized it, my heart was too immersed in the emotion to run.
And now it was over. 
“You're back to being yourself, I see,” the First Brother said, pausing in the open doorway before joining me in the room that housed the looking wall—a waterfall, really, of the clearest, most purest water in Heaven. It could display images the viewer most desired to see, but like Heaven's creations, it didn't lie, and wasn’t always a guarantee.
The wall remained dark now, my connection to Alyssa severed by my grief. I had been instrumental in helping her reach whatever experience the Sisters had deemed necessary, but my participation was at an end. I would be unable to watch what it was needed for when it reached fruition on her eighteenth birthday.
“My duties called to me.” Keeping my eyes on the wall, my voice fell flat, dejected. He couldn’t expect me to elaborate after what happened, not when we both knew he was privy to more about Alyssa than he would say.
“I'm sure they did,” he said. “I haven't completed any of your tasks since David's passing.”
I looked up to see that he was back to wearing the white robe that we all wore whilst completing our duties. Consumed with tasks, it was all we ever wore. Only . . . I had been familiarized with the comfort of jeans and t-shirts, and after that, the robe had been stored along with my sense of obligation in the dark recesses of my chambers.
Was this his subtle way of telling me it was time to move on? That the time for back's to be turned was complete? What would he say if he knew I wasn't ready? That I couldn't let her go? I wouldn’t.
Drawing in a deep breath, I pushed my palms against my thighs and stood to my full height. After David died, my true form added three full inches to his six-two stature. My hair grew darker, longer, and the tanned skin of the mortal boy bronzed deeper, showcasing the muscle earned by the gruelling nature of our work. Nothing would ever be the same, except maybe the blue of my eyes—the window into a never-changing soul.
“I'm going to retire now, Brother,” I said, and stepped around him to reach the door, feeling his gaze follow my every move. Turning slowly, I added, “I wish I could say it's good to be back but . . . well, we both know that I cannot lie.”
“What about your duties?”
I shrugged. “They can wait.”
“Brother—”
Without looking back, I paused to say, “If you are worried about my duties, you know what needs to be done, and after doing them so well, a little longer won’t hurt you.”
The consequences I might face didn’t register as I walked away, not because they didn’t matter, but because I no longer cared.
The Brothers preached about right and wrong choices for so long they forgot to heed their own advice. By forcing this task upon me, they made a choice. The Sisters, the Brothers . . . He had made the choice to send me to Alyssa.
My withdrawal from duties was their consequence.
***
Weeks ticked by without my noticing the passage of time, though without Alyssa, it still felt like forever. I didn't speak unless asked a question. I didn't govern over our inferiors, and completed the most basic of duties, and then only when the problems grew too large to ignore. But by the time a situation became that important, the First swept in to clean up my mess.
I was too broken to care.
Every day I went to the viewing room and the wall remained black. Empty. But even though I left each time with a pit of sorrow kneading my stomach, I kept returning in hope that this day would be the one to change, and the hall I walked would quit becoming longer after each failure. Today I would see her. She was okay without me, and maybe—just maybe—I could move on.
It didn’t happen.
Stepping out of my room, I began the trek down the familiar path to the Viewing Room. It was a new day; it was a new hope. If Alyssa eluded me, my mind hadn't forgotten, and I saw her every time I closed my eyes. The radiance shining from within, how her entire face lit with each smile . . . and if I kept my eyes shut tight enough, shutting all sight and sound off to the point where breathing ceased, I could even smell the vanilla in her hair. Nothing could replicate how it felt to touch her though, so as good as it was to remember, I was always left feeling lost, wanting more.
Stopping at the end of the hall, I took a deep breath and reached for the handle on the door. “Today is the day,” I whispered. “I will see Alyssa today.”
Slinking, into the room, I paused. Each of my brothers was present, wearing dutiful robes and expressions carved of stone. I glanced behind me and then forward, and let the door fall shut at my back. Why are they here? I didn't know. Gatherings such as this were confined to special circumstances, situations that grew beyond a single authority, and were always held in the Meeting Room.
“Brothers.” I nodded in respect for each while a quick glance at the wall showed that today wasn't the day I would see Alyssa. My heart dropped. As the second eldest—the second most worthy—I was inferior to only one: the First Brother. Clenching my jaw, I held his gaze without blinking. If he knew what I was thinking . . . .
“We've come to speak with you, Brother,” the First said, and stepped away from the others. Darting his gaze around the room, he swept his arm from left to right. “Since it is so rare to find you out outside of your chambers, and you barely complete your duties, this is the only place that we thought to find you.”
I shifted my weight and crossed my arms, forcing my expression not to betray my reaction. It was at this point that I would sit on the bench, pensive over what I had lost, but with the Brothers blocking my path, it was impossible. I wanted to return to my room, and this—intervention?—prolonged that from happening.
“What is this about?” I finally asked, breaking the silence to hurry the conversation along.
“The girl. You. What you risk losing if this . . . retreat continues.”
“Why do you care, Brother? Aren't you the one who insisted I complete the task?” I watched the First for an indication of deceit, but found none. The others watched, remaining silent, but wouldn’t make eye contact. Alarms sounded like bullhorns pressed against my ears, one at each side to blare in unison. “What is there left to discuss?”
“We have a proposition for you, something that will allow you to move past this and rejoin our ranks.”
“I don't know what you are saying.” Rejoin? Had I left?
The others looked to the floor so that I couldn't read them and I was left with no choice but to meet the gaze of the First. To his credit, I couldn't read him, either, which meant that I would have to listen if I wanted to decipher what he meant.
“Your duties will be distributed amongst the rest of us,” he said in a flat tone, once again looking around the room.
I blinked, sure I had heard him wrong. “Excuse me?”
“It’s just temporary, Brother. We all agreed to allow you time to adjust back into your role once your task was complete, but it has been weeks without improvement,” he said, and began to pace, three steps to my left and three steps back, and then again. “You’ve spent all this time . . . It’s been millennia since Creation, and not once have you faltered. That provides you with a level of allowance, surely. You’ve never, in all that time, placed yourself in a position where an attachment could form with a human. Of course you questioned the responsibility we retain.”
I cocked an eyebrow. “The responsibility? I don’t question what we do is important for humans. Without us, Darkness would be able to take a firm hold and block the light.” Taking a deep breath, I closed an inner door on the sudden anger—the complete feeling of betrayal—that roared to life to replace my amusement. An outburst would do me no favours. I clenched my teeth and said, “Only He can reassign my duties.”
“He has agreed,” the First said. “What you went through was hard. We might not understand what that is, but we have all tried to respect it out of our regard for you. Now, the time has come to let go of the experience and move forward.”
“If I can't?”
An answer wasn’t necessary. Our kind was never “fired” and rarely “destroyed”, which really was just a polite term for killed. Punishment was so much worse: The Lake of Fire. It was a stopping ground along the way towards a discipline that would never come to pass, the place where our darkest, most traitorous sin replayed over and over until nothing else remained. In a word, it was Hell.
“There is a school . . .”
“A school?” I scoffed. “You are joking, right? Tasking me to attend school is part of what started all this.” Shaking my head, I laughed, looking around again before refocusing on the First to ask, “Tell me, Brother, how does school fit into your “proposal”?”
“You have two choices. You can be cast out—punished—and we would reassign the duties that you rule. You would cease to be a Brother.”
“Or?” There had to be something better, or I would find out if the time it takes to fall felt shorter or longer than it actually was.
“Or . . . we reassign your duties while you find a way to move past your issues,” he said, and the others nodded, each in agreement. “We do not want to lose you, Brother, but you’ve become unreliable. We can’t complete our own duties to the best of our abilities when we worry about what you’re neglecting.”
“Then don’t do them.”
“Oh, doing them isn’t a problem. It’s not knowing if you are that is making it difficult to foresee what we have to do. We can plan to include your duties with our own instead of trying to pick up the slack not knowing where you dropped the ball.”
“Explain how school factors into this,” I said, and the First smiled as though he’d just gotten what he wanted. Was he really that confident? His so-called options weren’t the only choices, and I only asked in order to understand what he was offering, and then compare it with what I knew I could do.
“There is a school that has developed since the beginning of your time as David Parson, right here in Heaven, in this building. Glory Academy. It is where new angels learn and hone their natural affinities for the ranks of angels that they will one day join.”
“There are never new angels, Brother, and none who must “learn” how to become one. He made us so that our abilities were an innate knowledge born to each of us upon creation, which, might I add, hasn't happened since Creation.”
“Things have changed. The fact that you have not realized this is further evidence of your disregard for your duties,” he said.
It was one thing to discuss the completion of neglected duties when trying to pick up the slack, but using it to be ignorant? Speaking in such a way in front of the younger Brothers? If my reassignment was temporary, I would once again be their superior, and if so, I would not allow any reason for them to view me as anything but their elder. I looked behind the First and said, “Leave us.”
The Brothers' eyes widened in surprise. One-by-one they all looked to the First for confirmation. So it begins. My demotion. I didn't know how that made me feel—I'd never been questioned before—but I guess that’s how my recent behaviour must be like for them. Biting my cheek, I kept my laughter from emerging.
“Its fine,” the First agreed. “You may go.”
Two of the brothers walked past me, hesitant, while the other three faded from sight. Likely they were heading back to their duties, made even more cumbersome by my negligence. I looked back to the First and met his gaze, and for the next few minutes, we studied one another in silence.
Being alone in a quiet room with the First made me want to flee from its unfulfilled promises, and my feet began to itch. But, deciding to speak instead of run, I said, “I could fall.”
“And where would that lead you?”
The First stepped back and sat on the edge of the green marble bench opposite the seeing wall. He nodded to his left for me to join him, but I leaned against the wall, crossing my arms over my chest to endure the silence until he spoke again, pinching the skin above my ribs to remain distracted.
He sighed. “If you fall, the girl would not know you. Are you willing to lose everything for something that does not exist? To become a shadow of who you are meant to be?”
Was I?
“Explain the new angels to me,” I said by way of answering. To make a choice, I needed to understand what he was proposing. “Angels are created, never born.”
“These angels are what you would call “reborn”.”
“Re-born form what?”
The First shrugged. “Humans.”
“That is ridiculous!” I dropped my arms to my sides, overwhelmed by the concept. “Humans do not become angels, Brother. Spirit guides, maybe . . . but angels? He would never allow it.”
“It is happening, Brother.”
Narrowing my gaze, I searched his eyes for deceit, but knew he couldn’t tell such a bold-faced lie. “How?”
“The rise of the human's population has brought a rise in corruption—to sin—and there is not enough goodness to counter its effects. There is no longer an even balance, and if that continues, Darkness will blanket the light.”
My shoulders slumped and I sat beside him on the bench. How did I miss so much? Ignoring my duties, focusing on my desires, had left me ignorant. Was I selfish? Darkness loved nothing more than to block the light, be it Heaven’s Glory or the rare ray of purity in a human’s soul. But never had I heard of it being like this, bad enough to warrant new angels? From humans? Free will made it impossible. Mortals couldn’t obey . . . .
“And the school?” I met his gaze with interest now.
“It’s for the new angels. A training ground to test and then hone their natural talents so that our numbers grow to meet the demands of balance,” he explained with more emotion than I could remember seeing. Known as “The Brother of Judgement”, the First resembled the dedications carved of stone more than any one of us. Cold. Hard. Unmoving.
“These angels were once humans?”
“Yes.” He nodded. “They were human until they died. Mostly teenagers. Instead of transitioning, they were brought to Glory Academy.”
“How do you choose?”
“I don't.” He hesitated and looked away, and I dreaded his answer. “The Sisters do.”
I exhaled the breath I was holding and leaned back until the wall was holding me upright in my seat. “You cannot be serious.”
But of course, he was. I saw the truth when he looked at me, and heard it in his voice. How could I reconcile this? Even if my head could understand—right now it didn't—my heart could never forgive, and I would never forget what the Sisters of Fate had done. How could the First watch as the Sisters ripped my stability away, and then expect me to follow their orders with blind faith again?
The Sisters of Fate were responsible for thrusting me together with Alyssa. They knew, as Fate always did, what the outcome would be: devastation. The deepest, the most incapacitating emotional fracture any one being—human or angel or darkling—should never be forced to bear. Just as I found the piece of me I hadn’t known was missing, they pulled it away, and I would never be the same.
Swallowing, I closed my eyes and licked my lips. “So what? They're running an angel school now? What do they know about our kind? They can't even see us—we are the one entity above their control.”
“No.” He shook his head. “We are running the school, and since these angels were once human, Fate has seen them. That is, they were able to see them before their deaths, but even the Sisters do not hold power after that,” he said. “You know that.”
I sat straight, leaning forward to rest my elbows on my knees. “Why are we still doing their bidding? Running a school? As if we don't have enough to do already? Hasn't everything else that's happened proven their inadequacies? What will it take for Him to realize this?”
“He asked them to do this, Brother.”
“Oh.” My hostility deflated only marginally. It seemed too convenient, like the First had rehearsed his answers. “So what would my role be? I mean, if I take you up on your proposition. What am I expected to do?”
“Teach.”
“Excuse me?” I laughed. It was the most ridiculous notion he'd ever suggested to me. I was the furthest from being a role model that one could be, and after Alyssa? In this mindset? The fact that I neglected duties should indicate that I wasn’t the best candidate for “teacher”.
He shrugged. “It is a school, Brother. You've acquired the language of teenagers—surely you are the best of us to do this? The students need to learn how to be angels.” A smile tugged at the corners of his mouth with amusement. “You are the Second. Only one is better suited than you to instruct them, or have you forgotten that, too?”
“So then you teach them.”
“Only one of us is going to be duty-free. Since the rest of us have other matters to attend to, especially whilst shouldering your obligations, you are the best suited,” he said, and really, it made sense, though I wouldn’t say it. “Having you there allows us to stop splitting our focus. It gives you time, but can you do this? Is this the path that you wish to pursue?”
And be away from an opportunity to see her again?
Squinting, I looked to the wall and sighed, but it was still blank. Dark. And I had a feeling that that wasn’t about to change. Was it really grief? No . . . I looked at the First Brother and it was like a tub of water was dumped on my head, bringing everything into focus. It isn’t my fault that I can’t see Alyssa. They must have sabotaged it. So then what choice did I have? Obedience was such a dominant factor in my world, even when it wasn’t given, it was taken.
With a sigh of resignation, I stared down at my hands and lowered my voice. “Just tell me one thing, Brother.”
“She is doing fine.”
Looking up, I met his gaze. It never faltered.
“She has been sad, grieving the loss of David, but she is alright. And she is not alone.”
I nodded. Suzie. The friend who hid her own goodness behind a wall of cruelty, too scared of what she thought she knew to remain attached. But when Alyssa had lived and those events failed to come to pass, Suzie let herself care again.
“Okay.” I nodded. Not getting the chance to try to see Alyssa was . . . hard. But if I chose punishment, I would lose the chance to find my way back to her side . . . and her love. I lifted my head and exhaled. “I'll go to the school.”
I was too curious not to.



CHAPTER TWO


Glory Academy was the same as any other school, though I had only ever attended one.
I was old, so ancient I could redefine the term and teach the so-called immortals what it meant to never die. But I had seen it all, like a clip of history rolling through my mind: painted lessons on cave walls, parents instructing children by firelight and coal, pioneers in the back of wagons, one-room schoolhouses, buildings with many rooms—from mass study to independent learning, and everything that fell in between. The appearance of schools would alter, but the underlying current remained the same: pride for knowledge gained, but an eagerness to avoid the work.
“Not what you expected?”
Take away the Glory lighting the golden walls, making the use of conventional lighting unnecessary, and it was a school.
“Unfortunately, just the opposite.” I looked to the Seventh Brother and smiled. Turning to rest my elbows on the railing overlooking the cafeteria across from the entrance, I said, “I thought the First was exaggerating when he said it was teenagers the Sisters chose.”
He nodded, his dark hair falling across his eyes to brush against his cheekbones, and followed my gaze to a group of students laughing over their food. It was an amenity no longer required for their survival, but a comfort, something that provided a link of familiarity to their life as humans. Yes, I would be the first to admit that food was one of the humans' greatest attractions. But it was sad to see such a large group of teenagers knowing that for them to be here meant they had suffered. Death, no matter how painless, was always a torture.
How many resented waking up and being told they were being enrolled in school?
Looking around the rest of the makeshift cafeteria, I could see others forming their own cliques, just as they would have done as humans. Here the Goths were replaced by sullen, quiet faces full of anger, unable to accept their death, and who could blame them? The jocks and cheerleaders were smiling, eager for whatever honour came next—likely the new Guardians. Every student would fill a type: Angels of War, Angels of Inspiration, Angels of Souls. Even the silent Watchers.
“Do they remember?” I asked.
“Yes.”
“Why are they so young?” It was a hard to reconcile. Was Darkness at fault? Or the Sisters?
“Their youth allows them to be more accepting of their afterlife.”
Not all of them. My gaze returned to the group that appeared withdrawn and angry. They were children who had barely begun to live, one for every race and color. Was it normal? That in a world of billions a few hundred wasn't an inconceivable number to factor until they were grouped together, and then it was tragic.
I tore my eyes from the students and looked back to the Seventh, who remained respectful despite my temporary demotion. Would the others do the same if one of them had been chosen for my orientation? The Youngest had endured a similar task as I, minus the Sisters’ involvement and oh-so-important mystery. Only in the end of his story, the girl had died. Perhaps one day he would tell me the details, but not today.
Taking a deep breath, I lifted my head and looked around. “Are there any adults?”
“A few. Due to the necessity of numbers, though, the plan that He and the Sisters developed was complete nearly twenty human years ago. There are a few older, uh . . . prototypes, you might say.” He nodded to the students. “They have been accumulating over the last few months, and once they arrive, they do not age. Most of the adults that used to be here are on another floor. They were a little . . . troublesome.”
“How?”
“They led full lives, Brother.” He shrugged. “They were too ingrained in life to accept death.”
I could understand that. A person's afterlife could be as beautiful or as terrible and dark as one deserved, but it would always lack substance. Until I met Alyssa, I hadn't realized the difference, what the rhythmic beat of a heart lost when life ended didn’t keep emotions from being felt once it stopped drumming. Now my existence felt hollow, like every move was slow motion, but someday, if I persevered, I would see her again. Because no matter Fate’s plan, someday Alyssa would die, and even if she was too old to remember, I would still be here.
“Come on,” he said, interrupting my downward spiral of thoughts. “I'll show you to your quarters and give you the full tour.”
I glanced back at the students a final time and then nodded. The First was right when he said that I had the skill and experience to instruct them. Would they be able to show me how to move forward? To not dwell on what Death had taken? Life. Theirs, mine. It had all been stolen in a premature stroke of Fate's hand.
***
Settling into a routine was easy, like switching into automatic pilot. Every day I functioned in a series of motions: getting up, preparing to face the day, teaching my classes, retiring to the library to concoct a new lesson plan, and then completing research before going back to the solitude of my quarters. I didn't know what I was looking for in the books I read, but figured I'd understand once I found it. If it wasn’t here, in this library, it didn't exist. All the knowledge of every world and time was stored in the Great Library, putting the Akashic Records to shame in comparison.
But I didn't care about its prestige; I cared about its knowledge, the relevance of its contents, and how I could borrow those resources to aid my cause. Though I had resigned to life at Glory Academy, and seriously tried to help the students, I hadn't given up the fight to get back to Alyssa, and by extension, my heart.
A clack of thunder cracked through the silence to echo throughout the glass-domed room. I looked up from the tomb I was reading, The History of Creation, and smiled to see my two brightest students enter the library. They stopped by the main desk and looked around the stacks, pausing to linger at every table and examine each face. Starting at the table closest to the door and working past each section of the round room, they searched until they reached the back, final table where I was seated.
Everyone was giving me a wide birth, and rumours of my demotion circled without verification, but usually it was enough to cause hesitancy without obliterating respect. As a Brother, the students were in awe, but being just a teacher? The odd angel who was comfortable in the jeans they loved? Well, the hesitancy lasted only long enough for them to decide I was the most approachable.
Once their gazes found me, they lit with the satisfaction of a hunter catching sight of their prey. Why would they wish to see me? I thought back to our last few classes, but no new assignments were scheduled, and nothing was coming due.
“Brother?” Sera asked when they reached the other side of the table, her voice timid and her stance unsure. Neither tried to sit, for which I was grateful. She looked down to her hands. “Can we talk to you?”
“Can you?” I raised an eyebrow, looking from one to the other. “Would you like to talk to me, or would you like to talk with me?”
“We need your advice.” Keston placed a reassuring hand on the small of the girl's back and my gaze narrowed, but neither took notice of my condescending tone or scrutiny.
Oh boy.
I knew that gesture. I understood that look. Without any doubt, I knew their question, but would wait for it to be voiced with the hope that I was wrong.
They were too young to know any better.
Sera, maybe fifteen-years-old, with her innocence pouring from her in waves of inexperience, was tiny, like a delicate flower with short, almost black hair cut to frame her face in angled layers, just a bit longer in front than back. Her doe-shaped eyes pleaded in earnest, the silver-blue hard to deny.
“What do you need advice on?” I asked despite my reservations, and leaned forward, folding my hands on top of the book I was reading.
Sera looked to Keston and nodded for him to continue. Watching them side-by-side, I noted their differences like a contrast of light against dark. Where she was unsure, he was steady, and where she was petite, he was filled with muscle and stature—purpose.
They were both doomed.
Keston cleared his throat and levelled an unwavering, frosty green gaze on me. “We took our placement exams.”
I nodded, but didn't speak. It was foolish to hope for something different to be said, but I found myself doing it anyway. What could I tell them? I didn’t listen to the Brothers’ advice, and it was impossible for me to lie, so what? I tell them about what I went through and hope they figured out what not to do? Given the fact that I would do it again, that I knew true emotion couldn’t be swayed by reason, it would do no good.
“We're assigned to different duties,” Sera continued. “That means that we won't be able to see each other after graduation, right?”
Nodding again, I leaned back in my chair, hooking my thumbs against my bottom lip and steeping my fingers over my nose. Narrowing my eyes, I took a deep breath, and let my hands fall back to the table. “Is this a problem? The placement tests determine your natural talents. Even if you placed similarly to one another, there's no guarantee that you will be spending time together after graduation.”
“We thought you might be able to help us.”
“Oh?” I raised my eyebrow and cocked my head to the right. Brazen souls.
“What she means is that we want to be together,” Keston said.
“To work together?”
“We love each other,” Sera said in a small voice. “We want to be together.”
“I'm sorry.” I meant it, too. “You know the rules—”
“But you broke them, right?” Keston cut in. “And you're like, important. You can help us be together because you understand what we want.”
I leaned forward and sighed. Of course I understood how they felt. I knew the desire to be with the one you love even when it isn’t possible. But how can I help them when I had yet to find a way to help myself?
The rules in Heaven, those that governed Glory Academy, weren't like rules tied to the Mortal Realm. It wasn't like being grounded for missing curfew or skipping class; it was an eternity in Hell. The Lake of Fire.
And they were both too young . . . .
Too innocent for that to be their fate. 
But how do I advise them without deceit?
“Perhaps . . . I think that the two of you should spend your time at Glory Academy apart.” I nodded. Yes, that was what would be best for both of them, though remembering my own feelings, I doubted they would listen.
“But we heard the rumours!” Keston pressed his lips together and darted his eyes around the library. Lowering his voice, he leaned forward, and said, “You fell for a mortal and weren't punished.”
“This will not end well—for either of you,” I said in a low voice. “Take a look at each other. Go on, look.” I paused until they did as I requested. “You love her. She loves you. Now look at me and understand where that love will lead. Alone, sad and withdrawn, without a lick of direction. If you truly love each other, stay away from each other or you'll end up as I am, instructing students who don't understand the importance of what your love has cost you.”
Sera's mouth dropped open and tears sprang to her eyes. Keston narrowed his eyes to glint like lasers on me, hating me for the cruelty of my honesty. They should have asked if I thought their love was worth it. They would have enjoyed that answer better. Mortals and angels were rare, yet not unheard of. Angels and angels? Unspeakable! But as I had discovered, the heart wanted what it wanted.
Keston whispered something into Sera's ear and they both turned to leave.
“Wait,” I called, narrowing my gaze.
“What more do you have to say?” Keston demanded without turning.
Good.
Protective.
He must have been assigned as a Guardian, or maybe even an Avenger. I was unsure of Sera, though, but would make a point of finding out.
“What is that?”
“What?” He turned back to glare at me, keeping his arm against Sera so she couldn’t look around.
“What book are you holding?” I pointed to the tomb under his arm.
“This?” Keston raised a golden tomb to eye level and flipped it over. “It’s The History of the Fallen. Why?”
“Where did you get it?” Placing my palms on top of the table, I pushed up, half-standing.
“In the stacks.” He shrugged.
I stood all the way to my full height, causing Keston to have to look up. “That book isn't for students,” I said, and held out my hand. “Pass it over, please.”
“Seriously?”
I nodded. “Seriously. Students are not to read the historical volumes until their final year of study unless they are being supervised by an instructor for a classroom project.”
I saw Sera's shoulders sag and felt bad for the couple they could have become. I took the book from Keston and watched as his touch once again moved to comfort her. He looked, lowering to whisper in her ear, and she nodded. Keston glared at me once more before turning to lead them away.
“I hope you two have heard my advice,” I said to their retreating backs. “I would hate to be forced to rearrange your schedules to separate you.”
Their steps faltered in a moment of hesitancy, but they didn't turn back. Keston seemed smart enough to choose his battles with care, and this wasn’t one he could win. It was a good quality. I was sure they were bound to put up a fight, just as I was certain I wouldn't be the one to separate them, though I knew it should be done.
Once they disappeared back into the hall, I looked down to the book, and smiled. I fingered the cover of the confiscated text and then looked up, darting my eyes around to make certain nobody had taken notice. Quickly, I began tidying my table in preparation to retire to my own quarters where I could devour it in solitude. The History of the Fallen wasn't just a record of who had fallen and why. The entries chronicled other discrepancies, such as the actions of those who would have fallen, but didn't. Every detail of their infraction lay bare.
And how they managed to avoid consequence.
The book probably could have helped Sera and Keston, had they been permitted to read it. My own experience would be in here. But if I saw anything helpful, I would pass it on to them—anything for love, especially my own.



CHAPTER THREE


My ability to multitask over the next few weeks was flawless. During the day, I continued to teach, preparing solid lessons for the students. I ignored the secret glances and covert touches between Sera and Keston—I didn’t want to see—and kept to the routine of spending my evenings in the library, though I only stayed long enough for my presence to be noted. Nothing changed, but everything I did was to hide my true endeavour: to read The History of the Fallen from cover-to-cover.
Every page was invaluable, loaded with secret information I was surprised I didn’t know—there wasn’t a lot within history I wasn’t aware of—and I was barely passed the halfway mark. Even if I’d had day and night to devote to it, completing the dissection of each passage would have taken a week, maybe two. If I wanted to keep my interest a secret, a couple hours each evening was all I could spare.
What would the Brothers do if they knew of my inaction towards moving on? That not only was I wallowing, I was actively pursuing ways around punishment if I disobeyed? Cast me out. The random visits to see how things were running didn’t fool me. The Brothers were watching.
A knock sounded at the door and echoed through my quarters, a small room with the basic necessities: a bed and a dresser. No mirror or bathroom, and the desk I sat at in the corner added only upon request. The fact that I had had to make such a request in lieu of manifesting it was ridiculous, but such were the perks of my demotion. But it wouldn’t last, and then I would be back to my role and no one would dream of knocking on my door, afraid of interrupting.
This was my first visitor.
Ever.
Standing, I gathered my notes and closed the book with them folded like a bookmark. Another knock sounded as I hurried to stow the book under the mattress of my bed—a layer of cloud held in place by a sheet—and then walked to the door. Who would be visiting? Somebody with more balls than brains, or somebody come to deliver bad news?
I sucked in a deep breath and then exhaled, my cheeks puffing out. Another knock began and I opened the door, finding the Seventh on the other side with his hands raised for a third rap.
“Brother?” I stepped aside, narrowing my eyes.
He smiled and came into the room, looking around. I stuck my head out the door, but the hallway was empty. Closing it, I turned to him with my arms crossed, confused. He was still smiling though, watching me like a cat who just found a mouse.
“Why are you here, Brother? Alone?”
“Honestly?” He shrugged. “I don’t really know.”
“Then why come at all?” Why wouldn’t he stop grinning?
The Seventh was only young compared to the rest of the Brothers, but as a group we were the oldest of all other beings, including the rest of our kind. He wasn’t dimwitted, and for him to be here meant there was cause. It didn’t make him any less annoying.
“There’s a meeting,” he said.
“And?”
“It’s a meeting for all the Brothers. Including you.”
“I have no duties right now and have been absolved of that title. When those are restored, I will partake in meetings, but until then?” I gestured around the room. “I have classes to prepare for.”
And I was midway through an enlightening passage I’d like to return to.
“The First said you would say that.” He grinned. “I am to inform you that you may not consider your attendance as a request.”
I sighed and ran my hand through my hair, trying without success to keep it out of my eyes. “What is on the agenda?”
“You.”
Okay . . . he was still smiling. Did that mean my reading material remained unknown? It had to. If the First knew, he wouldn’t have bothered to call a meeting, and the Seventh Brother would have been exchanged for the First himself. There’d be no way I would have time to hide the book or indulge in pleasantries.
Shifting my weight, I asked, “What about me?”
“He said to tell you that you’ll find out once you arrive.”
“Do you know?”
He shrugged again as though it didn’t matter. If he was ordered not to say, he wouldn’t. I used to follow orders with a blind faith too, and learning to question everything is why I was here. It was both liberating and restrictive.
“Fine. But tell the First that he’ll need to find someone else to instruct the students tomorrow.”
“Excuse me?” Surprise and then confusion wiped away his smile. “Why are you interested in whether the students are given a spare period? Don’t humans love that kind of thing?”
“They are no longer human, and what they are learning is far more important than algebra. Besides, I promised to help some students with something.” It wasn’t a lie, though the promise had been to myself, and they weren’t aware of my efforts. If I had the day free I could help all of us: Sera, Keston, Alyssa . . . myself.
“Fine. It’s nice to see you’ve rededicated yourself to something.” If he only knew. “I will instruct your classes tomorrow.”
“You?” I didn’t expect that. “Have you ever instructed a class before?”
Could I trust him with my students? I’d grown fond of them and celebrated their progress, not just in what they learned, but their ability to let go of their death, of leaving their lives behind . . . and he just called them humans. Would the Seventh squander their efforts? My efforts?
“I can handle it. Before a few weeks ago, you hadn’t taught either.”
Good point. I remained skeptical, but what choice did I have? Asking anyone else would require further explanation, and doing it myself wouldn’t allow me to consider the possible solutions I’d found. Besides, it was one day. Surely he couldn’t mess it up beyond repair.
“Fine.” I bit my tongue to keep from taking it back.
His smile returned and he nodded. “Okay. I will come for you just before the meeting.”
I waited until the sound of his footsteps disappeared and then closed the door. After pacing for ten minutes to make sure I was going to remain alone, I grabbed the book and opened to where the pages were bookmarked, desperate to hurry with only one day to piece together my plan. Two plans. I wouldn’t be okay with finding happiness unless I could help Sera and Keston as well. And I might have finally found it, the “something” I didn’t know I was looking for, the missing piece that fit so perfectly, everything else moulded to its edges until it was secure at the center of my desire.
It was risky, but documented as having been done before—one time . . . with Lucifer, long before he fell. If I didn’t want to share his fate, I had to do it right.
I better get started.
***
The Viewing Room was filled with all seven Brothers. The Meeting Room would have been easier, or at least comfortable—more spacious, less confined. We would be able to breathe air that hadn’t just been exhaled by another. Why would the First gather us all together, and why here?
The First cleared his voice for silence.
“This meeting has been called to issue the reinstatement of the Second. All in favour?”
“Aye,” they chorused.
I blinked. Reinstatement? But I was comfortable at Glory Academy. Why was I being cleared so soon? Looking around, the confusion was replaced with smiles, and every Brother I looked to was watching me. My stomach churned. Shifting my weight, I cast my eyes to the floor. Keeping the truth from them wasn’t the same thing as lying, but it felt like acid my body couldn’t digest.
But telling them about my reading habits would feel like I was betraying Alyssa, and that would make acid taste like candy in comparison.
“Another task has been assigned,” the First said, and I lifted my head. “The Seventh will oversee the school while the rest of us complete the duties of the Seventh and the Second.”
Wait. What?
“If I am reinstated, why won’t I be fulfilling my duties?” Unless they thought they had to reinstate me in order to punish me over The History of the Fallen . . . ? But none of them knew, and reading it wasn’t forbidden, just the reasons I was reading it, if I ever acted on my plans.
“A new task has been assigned, Brother,” he repeated. “Specifically for you.”
My stomach dropped. Licking my lips, I asked, “What task?” I narrowed my eyes on him. “I don’t want another task. I’m happy at the school, helping students while I get past . . . things.”
“This isn’t a request, Brother, and refusal leads to punishment worse than Glory Academy. We must go.”
“Where?” It was the question I dreaded hearing the answer to, but I couldn’t ignore the details.
“The Sisters.”
Of course it was the Sisters. All they ever did is meddle in others’ affairs, though they seemed wholly interested in me. Did the Sisters think they could break my heart twice? Make me love again? Because there is only one Alyssa Frank. It would be like placing me in the middle of a black and white movie and she was the only character in color.
“I need to go back to the school.” I laughed, turning to the left to face the door.
If the Seventh took on my role at Glory Academy he would assume my quarters, and that would lead to the book. I was finished with it, but needed it returned before I could pass on information to Sera and Keston. What I needed was memorized, burned like a brand on my brain, but they deserved a chance, which is exactly what I had found.
“The Seventh will—”
Turning back, I removed the emotion from my voice. Meeting his gaze, I said, “I need to see a couple of students, Brother. Transitioning into their new role is hard enough. The least I can do to help them is to say goodbye.” When he opened his mouth, I quickly added, “Another unexplained change won’t do them any good.”
The First pressed his lips together tight, and then inhaled. Tilting his head to study me, he asked, “You’ll agree to the task?”
“No. I will agree to meeting the Sisters and listening to what they want to task me with.” I would not be led with blind faith this time. “But I need to go to the school first.”
The room grew quiet as the First contemplated my acquiescence, limited as it was. I didn’t care what they thought of my demands. My students, the book, Alyssa, and myself. That’s what mattered. All of the oversights we as a group had made proved that, and no matter the assignment the Sisters proposed, nothing was more important.
I wasn’t blameless, but I’d seen the errors in our ways.
Could they?
“Fine.” The First nodded. “Go back to the Academy for your students. We leave tomorrow.”
Leave to where? He left the room before I could ask. The First might be bound by truth, but silence held no such restrictions—a don’t-ask-don’t-tell mentality. It was my fault I didn’t know when instead of thinking, I should have been speaking.
***
Being granted a final night made my decision to leave simple.
Finding Sera and Keston was even easier. They were in the Great Library, together, digesting the historical volumes they had been warned against. But as I was no longer an instructor, it was neither my place nor my will to take official notice. Still, I would have to be blind to miss the genuine chemistry sparking between them as Keston pointed to a book, said something as he put his hand on her waist, and she smiled up to him. A moment later his hand dropped, and if I hadn’t been watching, it would have almost been too quick to see.
The Seventh will have his hands full.
In a way, that made me happy.
They jerked apart the moment they saw me and then, only as an afterthought did they step away from the scrolls and texts they had been browsing. All three of us knew I’d seen them, the glint in Keston’s eyes challenging me to reprimand. But the uncertainty in Sera’s gaze would have halted me if that had been my intent.
Instead, I extended my hand, the same one that was carrying The History of the Fallen. “Here,” I said, and waved it from left to right in the air. “Leave those and read this.”
They looked at me, wary, but silent.
“Take it.” I waved my hand again. “I’ve bookmarked a page for you.”
Keston reached out and snatched it as though he believed I would change my mind.
“But I thought you said you couldn’t help us,” Sera said, still too afraid of her own shadow to speak above a whisper.
I looked from Keston to Sera, and smiled, shifting to lean my arm against the railing accompanying the set of stairs that led to the platform where the restricted texts where located. “The librarian hasn’t told you to step down from here?” I looked over my shoulder and back, shaking my head as I laughed. “Of course not. You said you were seniors, didn’t you?”
Sera raised her chin and shrugged.
“Well, she must like you because no one is in their final year until next week.”
Sera’s bravado faded. Keston laughed as her shoulders slumped and she bit her lip.
“I told you we should ask him.” Keston bumped Sera’s shoulder with his own, and smiled.
I was too surprised for it to be contagious. Keston had been my supporter? I hadn’t guessed she was the pessimist of the two. Shaking my head, a slow grin formed as I regarded them, and I said, “I’m leaving the Academy. Another Brother will resume instructing you.” Taking a step down, I paused, patted the railing twice, and took a deep breath. “Might I suggest you stay out of this section before you really do find yourselves in hot water?” I pointed to the book and nodded, then held Keston’s gaze. “All you need to know is in there.”
“Why are you helping us now?” he asked.
“Because you were right,” I said, and sighed. “And . . . because I’m leaving. But do me a favour and stop with the PDA, okay? Otherwise you won’t be free to read that before you’ve been caught.”
Keston dropped his arm and Sera stepped away from his side.
“Did you find a way to your mortal?” he asked.
“I don’t know.” If I put my plan into action? Yes. But first I had to hear what the Sisters wanted. Finding a way to Alyssa wasn’t the problem, but whether she could accept me when I did.
“But you’ve been trying?”
I nodded. He was a curious boy, interesting now that his guard was down. Maybe after my task—whatever it might be—was complete, I would request to instruct once more, at least until these two graduated. If they didn’t get punished first.
“I have to go.” Taking another step away, I nodded to the book again and started to turn away. “Read what’s there where I’ve bookmarked it for you. Use me as your endorser.”
“What do you mean?”
“Thank you,” Keston said overtop of Sera.
I nodded and left Sera’s question for them to discover for themselves as I exited the library. Helping them get their foot in the door, endorsing them so their relationship would be considered, was the right thing to do. If the Sisters’ “task” was anything like before, I wouldn’t be here to question. Even if I was, they deserved a chance to be heard, and to do that, their petition needed to be endorsed by a Brother.
Hopefully they were smart enough to read the book in private, but when I glanced back, their heads were crammed together to read the notes I’d made. Shaking my head, I smiled and turned to look forward, and paused. The Seventh sat at a table cloaked in shadows to the left of where I’d spoken with Sera and Keston, close enough to hear everything that had been exchanged. He had to know what they were doing, and my role in their plans. It was near enough to know that action was needed—authority with a firm hand—but still, the Seventh remained far enough that he could act as though he hadn’t seen it occur. Maybe I wasn’t the only Brother to have seen our errors. Perhaps the Seventh was exactly who these two needed. I smiled, suddenly at ease with having to leave.
Humans as angels were new, and they needed fresh rules. They were children. Being robbed of life so soon should grant them a flexible afterlife, something they could enjoy. How else could they be expected to remain loyal?



CHAPTER FOUR


The next day the First was waiting for me in the Viewing Room alone.
I closed the door as I entered and turned, meeting the his watchful gaze. “You think it’s wise that we both are gone at the same time?”
He stood, pushing up from his seat on the bench with his hands on his thighs, and shrugged. “The Brothers can handle it, and we won’t be gone long.”
That was something, at least, but too vague to accept.
“So then where are we going?” I asked, and watched for any sign that the Seventh had shared what he had observed. But unless whatever was being asked had backs turned again, he hadn’t.
The First smiled. “To the Sisters.”
Okay . . . “But where are they meeting us?”
“In the Void.” He shrugged as if that would be easy to navigate.
But the Void is nothingness, a black hole between the worlds, and not just Heaven and Earth or even Hell, but all worlds. If you weren’t careful when you enter, it can spit you out in an undesirable world most unforgiving of trespassers. Once, I put my foot inside, but then I smartened up and pulled it back out. The Void couldn’t be ruled or tamed, and it was beyond any of our control. There wasn’t much that could scare an angel, but I wasn’t the only one who had been sent running from its fathomless depths. The cold darkness was insatiable.
“That’s insane, Brother,” I said, and took a step back towards the door. “I’ve had my moments of faithlessness I knew could lead to punishment, but not once have I been suicidal. The Void will devour anything that enters it, and if not, we’ll never end up where we desire, so why risk it?”
“Do not worry.”
My mouth dropped. “Are you ill?”
“Where is your faith?”
I cocked my head to the side and slanted an eyebrow. That was a very good question, the same thing they asked of me when I was sent to Glory Academy. I had an answer, but it was for me alone, for while I believed in the light and His command, and I wanted to be a part of what was coming so we can defeat Darkness, my faith lie in a girl. After all, a person’s faith—even an angel such as myself—lay in their hearts.
“Come along, Brother,” he said. “We are expected.” He turned to the waterfall in the room and said one word, “Lachesis.”
I opened my mouth to protest, but was interrupted as the wall began to shine and swirl with shades of blue. It sparked and then cleared, golden hues spiking out of its edges as a single Sister came into view, her white-blonde hair streaked with red and hanging down freely to her waist.
Lachesis—the only one I had met.
“Oh good,” she said, her voice resonating through loud and clear, like perfect crystal wind chimes celebrating a light breeze. Crystal was a fragile element. If a breeze turned to gusting winds, it could crack, and then shatter to shards as sharp and as uncompromising as Fate’s wrath.
“Lachesis,” the First greeted. He turned to gesture at me, and then looked back to the wall. “I have the Second and he is prepared to hear you out.”
“You have not advised him of the task?” Her eyebrows slanted and her aqua-lined eyes narrowed. “We do not have much time for explanations to be made.”
“Precisely the reason I waited. He will have questions only you are equipped to answer, which I thought prudent to accomplish all at once rather than repeating it,” he said, his voice respectful, yet clipped.
Lachesis said nothing. Her eyes closed, fluttering beneath their lids, and I glanced to the First. He shook his head in silent command for patience. Within seconds her eyes burst back open, clear and resolute in whatever conviction she had come upon, and she smiled wide.
“Your decision was indeed prudent. Come, it is open for passage,” she said with a wave of her hand, and then disappeared. The swirling of blue began once more, a quiet yet insistent hum ringing throughout the room.
“Brother?” I asked when he stepped forward, but didn’t move, unwilling to follow. “What is this? What is open?”
He turned to look back at me over his shoulder, and then nodded to the wall. “The portal.”
As if that should be obvious. “Portal?” Shifting my weight, I crossed my arms. “Since when do we use portals? Was I gone that long? First a new species, then a school, and now . . . a portal? Where does it lead?”
“Through the Void.”
“Through the . . . ?” I shook my head. “There’s no shortcuts through the Void.”
“The Sisters can open a portal leading in and out of the Void, and if we step through there—” he pointed to the swirling blues “—we can be transported directly to their home without having to step foot in the Void.”
So that is why we met here when I was reinstated to duty instead of the Meeting Room. The First hadn’t enjoyed forcing us to sit in one another’s laps, but had expected to leave right after we’d finished. Had he considered that the Sisters, though powerful, were unrivaled in their ability to trick? We already proved to be easy targets for their games. How could I trust this?
“Why have I never heard of this possibility?”
“I have, Brother,” he said. “Who but hose living in the Void could provide safety in and out of their home? If you don’t trust them, trust me. I have been through the portal. Lachesis brought me when she asked for our help with this task.”
“My help.” After the last task, I hoped he didn’t think he could accept on my behalf. I still couldn’t forget his part in allowing the Sisters to manipulate me and Alyssa, and taking his word about anything was a chore, almost impossible.
He nodded. “Yes, the task is for you, but somehow, I doubt you will refuse.”
“What is the task?”
He nodded to the wall. “Follow me and you will see.”
His smile was filled with arrogance as he stepped through the portal, disappearing in a burst of tiny supernovas sparking to ignite in the air. The mini explosions filled the room with static that clung to my skin, and I took a hesitant step forward. It wasn’t unpleasant, really, but not comforting, either. Whether the First had stepped into a trap within the Void or was indeed safe on the other side within the Sisters’ home, I couldn’t allow him to bear the journey alone.
My beliefs lay with the Creator, my faith with the girl. After thousands of years of the Brothers’ kinship and our shared authority, my loyalty remained with the First. The love in my heart for the girl was stronger than everything else combined, but for now, my duty was to follow. I stepped into the portal, jumping onto the roller-coaster into the unknown without a safety measure to keep me from harm.



CHAPTER FIVE


The portal released me with the same lights sparking its entrance, and an additional sucking noise as it closed. As though pushed, I stumbled, rolling a few feet across a lacquered floor, and then stood within the home of the Sisters of Fate. How many had experienced this, I didn’t know. As a privilege, it wasn’t a right to be expected, but appreciated. Nobody, not man nor angel, could deny the beauty inside.
Looking around, I examined every inch within sight. Almost everything was infused with gold—the lacquer-finish walls, the shining furniture, even the faucets attached to the double sink. At the back of the room was a set of double doors intricately weaved to depict symbols and words so ancient I’d forgotten their meaning, but felt their power. The cookware hung over top of a brick island of gold, clear and invisible but for the outline of their edges reflecting from the blue glow emanating from two distinct sources: the crack under the rear door and the bottom of the staircase in the center of the room—golden vines twisting as licorice up and down to rooms unseen.
To the left of the back door was a wooden table with a small, less obvious blue light at its center. A hologram. My heart thumped into my throat as my eyes focused. Alyssa. She was smiling back at me, and it was everything I’d hoped for, only lessoned by the unfortunate fact that she wasn’t real enough for me to reach out and touch as I ached to do.
“You see, Brother?”
Startled, I jumped, turning in mid-air. Lachesis and the First were focused on me from behind, and noticing them, I discovered a sitting area with golden couches, a fireplace, and coffee tables that resembled the pots and pans above the island, only slightly more visible, like thickly-gathered dust shaped to resemble furniture.
“I told you he’ll help,” Lachesis said, smiling.
“Help with what?” I asked, narrowing my gaze.
They both regarded me for a moment, silent, and then nodded in unison to the wooden table with three chairs, one for each of the Sisters. I needed no further encouragement to sit where Alyssa seemed so close. My heart cracked with the temptation. It was difficult to avoid entering a trance-like reality as I focused on Alyssa, but necessary as they began to explain.
“Are you still prepared to listen?” The First asked.
I nodded and turned to Lachesis. “Where are your Sisters? Clotho and Atropos?”
“Do you wish to meet them?” She took a step forward to stand at the Firsts’ side, the gauzy layers of the skirts of her red dress swishing as she moved. It matched the streaks in her hair perfectly, and was the same as she wore when we first met.
“I wish for answers, any way they can be provided,” I said. “As your fame extends to all three of you, I merely find it odd that they aren’t here. Or do you speak for all of you?” It would be easier to focus my anger at a single target.
“They are a nuisance,” she said, and glanced towards the golden door. “Like squabbling teenagers I must keep busy with their responsibility to the mortals just so I can achieve silence. What we need is quiet, so no. They will not be joining us.”
“Okay, so then please, start explaining why I am here.” My gaze flickered to the table. Why was Alyssa in the hologram?
“First, before we begin, I must tell you that this revolves around that girl. If you wish for her safety, you must listen until the explanation is complete,” the First said, ensuring I would not leave prematurely.
“Your first task was successful, though I’m afraid we had a slight case of tunnel vision as to what lay in the girl’s future once she was out of Death’s grasp,” Lachesis began. “Our short-sightedness left Alyssa unprotected from dangers greater than Death itself, and although she has a clear destiny to fulfill, any number of unforeseen threats can thwart her potential good from coming to pass.”
I looked between them, raising my eyebrow. “So what? She’s back on Death’s list?”
For a moment, the idea made me happy, for if she died she would be coming to me sooner than I could get to her. But then my logic became dominant again. For Alyssa to come here, she would have to die, and she’d suffered enough. Plus, part of what made her so special was the fact that she was human, a supposed “lower creature”, and yet she was better than us all.
“Darkness,” the First said.
“Yes.” Lachesis nodded. “Darkness is more sinister than Death. If it were to get a hold of the girl, she, along with every other living soul, will wish for Death’s silence.”
“The girl has a pure soul,” the First said, and my gaze drifted to his. “Goodness is attracted to that and Darkness covets the gift. If it were to possess her, Darkness wouldn’t need to seek out the light for its destruction. The shadows could hide within her soul and good would flock to its slaughtering hand until nothing of light remained.”
Taking the lead, I sat in the closest chair to where we stood—right in front of the hologram—and then the First and Lachesis took theirs. I leaned forward and watched Alyssa’s picture, but it stood still. Slowly, I rested my elbows on the table, cupped my face in my hands, and raised my gaze.
“Because of her soul?” It didn’t make sense, like they had begun in the middle of their tale and expected me to catch up without the aid of a summary of events. The light in Alyssa had felt muted when I spent time with her as David, but still. It was there, undeniable and bright. But it was hardly enough to gain the full attention of Darkness.
“Partly.” Lachesis nodded. “She is destined to lead the rest of the Pure Souls, those who are training at Glory Academy. Unlike them, as the first of their breed, she needn’t have to die to realize her potential. The family line she descends from will grant her heightened strengths, adding to her proficiency to lead upon her eighteenth birthday.”
“What do you mean?”
“Specifics are not open for discussion. I cannot chance her learning of them or all will be lost. She had to live until her eighteenth birthday in order for these gifts to manifest, and the experiences she’s gained leading up to her birthday determine what gifts she will possess. If she learns any of this, or does not experience things for herself without knowledge of its benefit, the gift attached to the experience will never form.”
I looked back to the hologram. She was so pure it hurt to stare for more than a few moments at a time, but I couldn’t stop. Her so-called gifts made her valuable; the beauty and radiance of her soul made her mine.
“The problem is that we were blind during her cycle with Death,” Lachesis said. “From the moment she first died, a mistake brought on when Atropos snipped the wrong lifeline, until your mortal form’s death, her future was indeterminable.”
My head snapped up and my voice lowered to a growl as I pinned Lachesis with a withering gaze. I dropped my hands and my palms slapped the table. “Your sister’s mistake is what caused all of Alyssa’s pain?”
She waved her hand in the air as if it was nothing to worry over and I contemplated snapping it at the fragile joint of her wrist. Vengeance was a natural reaction, a feeling I hadn’t had since before I’d been tasked to accept Alyssa as my charge, and if either were paying attention, my reaction was a give-away to showcase where my loyalties remained. If it came to choosing Alyssa or the Brothers . . . well, it wasn’t even a question. Alyssa would always rise above.
“It was a mistake, Brother,” the First soothed. “Fortunately, it led to experiences that will allow the girl more gifts to protect herself with. It is also the reason you were permitted your relationship without reprimand. Her love for you provided her experience we could not manufacture. Conversely, your reciprocation provided you with the desire for her to remain protected at all costs.”
“What?” I asked the First, but kept my glare fixated on Lachesis.
She wasn’t fazed. In fact, she smiled with the haughty attitude of someone with superior knowledge we all accepted she had.
“A few days in the Mortal Realm are the equivalent to a few hours in the Celestial Realm. Here in the Void, time stands still,” she said. “It took a little while to picture Alyssa through her grief, but we have foreseen her throughout the anniversary of her conception leading up to her eighteenth birthday. Each day the natural barrier within her grows thinner as her gifts begin to thrive. Her light shines brighter—too bright to remain undetected—and she needs to be protected from the Darkness which has begun to sniff her out.”
“So then send me back to the Mortal Realm,” I said, already starting to rise when Lachesis’s hand fell onto my forearm. I glanced down and she dropped her arm, remaining mute until I met her gaze. Sitting back down, I promised myself ten more minutes. If I hadn’t learnt more by then, they weren’t planning to share what I required, and I would leave to find my own way of keeping Alyssa safe.
“You don’t understand, Brother,” she said. “Your mortal form is exhausted. Without it, you cannot hide who you are. Your physical form may not be recognized, but your authority and the power that comes with it will. You’ll be a beacon to Darkness if you rush to her side without precaution.”
As I was, I couldn’t try to protect her without being a catalyst for harm. It was an impossible situation that sucked the air I didn’t need from lungs that didn’t breathe, and dimmed the light within my soul. It might as well extinguish itself for, without Alyssa, there was no reason for it to exist. She would be in harm’s path if not protected, but I if I guarded her, danger was sure to follow.
What could I do?
“Lachesis,” the First said, interrupting my silent reflection. “I need you to send me back.”
“What?” I looked up. “We’re leaving?”
“I have an idea, but I have to go alone.” He glanced between us, resting on Lachesis. “Can you send me back? I won’t be long.”
She nodded as she stood. “You must hurry.”
She straightened invisible wrinkles from her skirts and I was tempted to spill something on the fabric to see if it would slide off like water dripping from a fish’s scales. It was far less than she deserved, but I held back—it would be stupid to disrespect the one who seemed to be able to bring me back to Alyssa.
“The Second will stay here where he can see the girl and ask me what he wishes to know so we are delayed no further.”
Fine with me.
Their presence escaped my thoughts before they stepped out of view to reopen the portal. My focus shifted back to Alyssa, and to my amazement, the picture in front of me began to move in real time. It made me sad, finding her only half-living. She was no longer bed-ridden, but hardly enjoying life as the seconds ticked down. Minutes, hours . . . it appeared as though every moment was like walking across hot coals, never being able to make it across before your soles begin to melt like plastic fusing to a hot surface.
“Do you want to see the fruits of your labour?”
I looked up, nearly jumping as Lachesis spoke from two feet away. I checked over my shoulder, but the Fist was gone. “Pardon me?”
She chuckled. “Don’t worry, I will not tell your brother about the dreams you shared with the girl. Would you like to see where your advice led her?”
Swallowing, I nodded. When Alyssa kept dying I went against protocol to tell her about making choices. That every decision held a consequence, and the right choice was that which held the least amount of harm with the greatest proportion of good. When I hijacked her dreams, I told her to prepare, though I had no idea what for. In both instances, I felt no remorse for the rules I’d broken, especially not now that she was abandoned with only herself for protection.
“There’s nothing I would like more.”
She gestured to the hologram and closed her eyes. As easy as a thought and she gave me my joy back. The image morphed from sadness to content to passion. Alyssa smiling, Alyssa laughing, Alyssa running and fighting and strong. She was living. Thriving.
It was the most beautiful thing I’d ever witnessed, the most precious gift I could be granted to cherish. Lachesis stepped back, but never disappeared, and I continued to watch, determined to memorize every image I saw. After a few minutes, and without shifting my focus, I whispered, “Thank you, Lachesis.”



CHAPTER SIX


“He wasn’t there,” the First said, his voice rising with frustration as we forced him to explain for the third time since his return.
He was only gone for an hour, and I was too immersed within the holographic promise Alyssa’s near future held to notice the passage of time or think of the questions I knew I should ask. Lachesis was smart, luring me from the problems in the present so that explaining things would be limited by time. When the First returned, all of my curiosity was replaced with concern, and a full dose of disbelief.
“He has to be there,” I insisted. “Did you check the gardens? You know He loves it there.”
“Of course I did. I looked everywhere and could not find Him.” He raised his arms and punctuated each syllable he spoke with a downward slash of his hands.
None of what he was saying made sense. The First had gone to speak with the Creator only to find Him gone. Missing? Or unavailable? As much as I questioned now, my faith never wavered, and there was no way He would avoid the First at such an important time, not when Darkness seemed to be getting so close. Plus, He never left the origin of His power.
“Why were you trying to find Him?” Lachesis asked as the voice of logic from her seat across the table from us, the hearth from the sitting room having relocated to crackle softly behind her.
It was always there, following her where she moved as though she was in constant need of the warming embers the fires burned to ash. Maybe the subtle glow of the fire and the color of lights were meant to hide the transparency I’d seen of her skin under the sunlight when we met in the forest. The blue veins had stuck out as bright as an oceanic map the last we met, but under this lighting, she almost appeared normal.
“We need help disguising the Second so he may protect the girl without her being placed in further danger by his presence,” he said, impatient, but not unkind. “He has the power to help.”
“He cannot interfere,” Lachesis said, shifting sideways in her chair to rest her arm on its back and drum her fingers on the table.
I glanced at the First and he shook his head, and then we both looked at Lachesis with shared confusion.
Lachesis sighed. “He is limited by free will, as am I and any other being with powers that govern humans. We cannot interfere without fear of losing our positions and our powers, and He cannot interfere without causing damage to the balance between light and dark. With Darkness growing as the population expands, He will not risk what stands to be lost by becoming directly involved,” she explained.
“So then cutting her lifeline . . . ?” The First narrowed his eyes.
“Wasn’t a mistake. Placing Alyssa Frank on Death’s list was the only way to ensure her experience without direct involvement by either restricted party—a calculated risk. Asking you for aid was permitted, but only if a mistake was made, just as if you had made an error, you could ask for our help and no restrictions would have been breached. She would be dead now otherwise.” She looked at me, holding my gaze. “If not for our mistake, Alyssa Frank would already be dead.”
“Then how do we protect her?” I asked.
My head was spinning and I couldn’t decide how I felt over what Atropos had done, but for Alyssa’s sake, it wasn’t going to be a topic during this discussion. There was no time. Even if we turned back the hours once a solution was found, if Alyssa made Death’s list again, there would be no escape, and I was out of exchanges. She could die and we could bring her back, but without a substitute, she’d keep dying until the ability to alter time came to an end.
“There is one other who can help, I believe, but the path to find her is . . . difficult.”
“How?” the First asked, though I could see the struggle to set his concern for Him aside.
“Through the Void,” she said. 
I blinked, not understanding. “So if it’s in the Void, make a portal.”
“I cannot form a portal to take us to where we can find solutions. Oh, I can get us close, but the home we need to seek is under its own protection. Strong protection. It is a barrier I’m afraid I cannot penetrate, even with the help of my sisters.”
“Who do you seek?”
The First narrowed his eyes with suspicion, an action born from his long-standing duty judging souls wanting to enter the Celestial Realm. The truth behind a person’s intent was rarely provided freely, and often it was necessary to read between what you imagine could be said and what had already been discovered. Talk to someone about something you know and take note of what was omitted. From there, you may deduce what type of information might be excluded in related matters. All you have to do is listen.
“Renalda.”
The First slapped his hand on the table, and his face pinked before deepening to red. His eyes flashed like the Glory of his soul lit a fire from within, aimed at Lachesis. “You cannot be serious!”
I looked between them, Lachesis defensive and the First dismayed. “Who’s Renalda?” I asked.
They both looked to me and stared.
After a minute, the First scowled at Lachesis once more and turned to me, clearing his throat. “Renalda . . . is a witch.” To Lachesis, he added, “They can’t be trusted.”
“Can she really help?” I asked Lachesis, waiting for her to nod before turning to the First. “It is more important right now to get assistance than to fall back into beliefs created within us. We need help. How far behind Darkness do you think we are? It’s relentless, which means we cannot delay our protection, and not pursuing this? That is a delay.”
“Fine,” he said, still reluctant, but compliant. The muscle in his jaw ticked, though his voice remained calm. “We can go find Renalda, but if she tries to trick us—”
“—I’ll help you exact justice,” I finished, smiling.
Lachesis nodded and pushed herself up from the table. “I must prepare. We will leave in three hours.”
“You are coming with us?” the First asked, just as surprised as me.
She nodded. “Yes. Not only am I more experienced in the Void, but I can’t very well leave two angels to greet a witch amicably enough to obtain the help we seek,” she said.
“What about your duties?” I asked with a glance to the back room. “Don’t you need to attend to them?”
“I will spend the next three hours devoted to the mortal lifelines.” She sighed. “I will be relieved of duty during the time we are gone.”
I almost laughed. “You found a replacement for Fate?”
“Not exactly.” Once again she sighed and I saw the resignation within the action. Taking a deep breath, she said, “My mother will be visiting during my absence.”
Of course. I’d forgotten about the Gods who had been humanized. Mortal yet immortal upon human soil, cast out by the Creator for declaring their power absolute. Fate was all that remained of what had been, and only because of its necessity to mortals. The Sisters’ parents could have stayed if the Sisters had gone, but, not wanting their daughters to suffer, they left, transferring their authority to their daughters for eternal rule. Asking for help must not have been easy.
But for some reason, Lachesis appeared relieved at not having to be here during her mother’s visit—I couldn’t tell which of them that reflected badly upon.



CHAPTER SEVEN


As though it had been timed on a stopwatch, Lachesis reappeared exactly three hours later, ready for travel. I felt unprepared, the only one of us who hadn’t traipsed through the Void before. What did one bring to walk through Darkness? A flashlight? Night vision goggles?
It was far from logical, but suddenly I wanted a pet dog to guide me with its superior eyesight.
“Do not, under any circumstance, shine light within the Void,” Lachesis warned when I voiced my suggestion. “No light ever, especially not the light of your Glory. If you use it, you will be spit out without pause through whichever doorway leads into the world you are nearest to. Most are not friendly and you will be stuck there. Once the Void ejects you, it will reject any attempt at further entry.”
“Then how will we see where to go?” I asked, not caring how irritating my questions were received. I was an angel, not a vampire. We didn’t come equipped with innate night vision to guide our path in darkness. Considering what burned within us, finding alternate sources of light was a redundant strategy.
“You stick with me,” she said, “and I will guide us.”
“Don’t worry, Brother,” the First said. “It’s more like dusk or the light of a new moon than complete blackness in the Void.”
I looked to the First and then Lachesis. “Don’t you want to stay to greet your mother?”
She laughed without humour and shook her head, sobering. “No. I’d like to be gone before Atropos and Clotho return from fetching her, so if you don’t mind . . . ?”
We followed her to the golden front door depicting the same symbols as the door at the rear of the room. The Void and all of its darkness lay on the other side, and the answers and solutions for being able to protect Alyssa were waiting for me to find. My heart, my soul, my very existence inside my dimming light waited for me to salvage its broken pieces. All I had to do was step into that which I couldn’t see.
“Remember, no lights,” Lachesis warned, and then opened the door.
Her mouth parted to speak again, but I heard nothing as I hurried by, the first to take the plunge.
***
Entering the Void made me feel as though I was freefalling sideways. There was no visible trail, but the First had been right to say it wasn’t a complete darkness like it appeared when I’d glimpsed it before. Just shadows. Still, if Lachesis hadn’t thought to warn us, I would have used my soul to light my way.
How did Lachesis know where we needed to go?
I almost brushed aside her hand as she reached for mine, not realizing until Lachesis’s red-painted claws dug into my flesh and drew blood that it wasn’t just another shadow trying to kiss my skin. I bit back my pain as she withdrew her nails to tangle my fingers with her own. Beside her I could see the faint outline of the First, their hands clasped together.
We paused when Lachesis squeezed, hesitating just long enough to feel vertical again before moving forward, slightly to the right. I hope she knows where she is going. At least with her at our side I knew it wasn’t a trick played to cause us harm.
I braced against a sudden gust of wind, but our steps didn’t falter. At the smallest hesitation, Lachesis dug her claws in to move us forwards. Squeezing my eyes tight, I pinched my mouth, halting my breathing so that I couldn’t inhale the desert storm of shadows assaulting us from every side. No light meant no warmth, and for the first time, the cold that couldn’t affect my kind pierced through my skin to saturate my bones like a sponge soaking up water.
The wind picked up speed, and objects of foreign origin, too obstructed by the cloak of the Void’s darkness to make out, whipped against us. Cuts and bruises were sure to follow, but the pain of occurrence was absent. Once we made it out, the wounds would heal, but being so vulnerable was unsettling. If the darkness inside the Void were the same as what we feared in the Mortal Realm, our blood would be a feeding trough, but that would never happen—even Darkness couldn’t survive the Void.
Confusion, like a grainy fog, filled my head and blurred what little vision I maintained. The air grew thick, like we were climbing through sludge, surrounding us on all sides and over our heads. If I had the need to breathe, I’d be dead.
An hour of mud. An hour of blood and pain and suffocation. One hour of confusion and not knowing if we were heading in the right direction. Lachesis pressed us through the dark, and after the second longest hour of my existence, I was free.
It was like someone had taken a knife and pulled us from a jelly-filled cocoon. The moment we escaped, the slash closed and withered to a pin-prick within the air before disappearing for good, and I hoped to never find it again.
I gulped a mouthful of air and realized our new surroundings were even less fresh than the Void. A wasteland of filth, an old run-down structure at its core, comprised completely of bones. Humans, animals . . . creatures unknown. My stomach twisted at the sight, the stench of rot and burning flesh corroding my thoughts to despair as fully as the piles of burnt ash where sickly yellow-green smoke rose to fill the air under the grey sky blackened by clouds, low-hanging and ominous.
A rumble sounded, and thunder clapped so loud I felt its pulse beneath the soles of my feet.
“Where are we?” I wheezed, pulling myself to my knees. I looked to my right in search of Lachesis and the First, and found him still on his knees, gasping for air.
Why was he trying to breathe?
I stepped towards him and was halted by a fist to the side of my head from the left, knocking stars into my vision.



CHAPTER EIGHT


“What the—” I reached up with my hand to rub the spot Lachesis smacked, thankful she’d retracted her claws. At least she didn’t draw blood again.
“You stupid boy,” she said, seething. Her eyes narrowed and her fists clenched at her sides as she stalked forward, and I retreated.
I looked up and met her gaze, anger to confusion. It seemed like she hit me with the purpose of gaining my attention so she could throttle me to death while I was aware. Otherwise, she looked fine. Not a scratch or windblown strand of hair out of position.
“What were you thinking?” She slapped my arm when we reached the First and I was forced to stop or step on him in order to pass.
I blinked. “I’m sorry? What did I do?”
“You went into the Void!”
She raised her hand again and I lunged to the left, barely getting out of the way in time to avoid her abuse. Her advance resumed. I raised my hands in front of me, defensive.
“Uh, yeah?” Was she dense? “That was the plan, wasn’t it?”
“You went into the Void without listening to the rules!”
“You said no light,” I said. Why was she angry?
“No light. No separation. No breathing in the darkness!” She threw her hands up in the air. “You jumped in without a single thought to the consequence and only by chance did I find you!”
“You didn’t say—”
A moan filled the air and cut through my words. I pivoted on my heel to face the First, and time paused. He groaned, a guttural sound of agony, and tried to stand, pushing up with his hands for leverage from the ground. Halfway up, he fell to his side, and then rolled onto his back.
The whimpers stopped and he didn’t move.
With wide eyes, I jerked my head to look at Lachesis, and felt my stomach drop from my body like a bungee jumper flying off a bridge. Just before it met the ground, it bounced back up, then down, and then up . . . fast and then slow. Finally, it stopped, and I took a sharp, deep breath, and exhaled.
Lachesis slapped my chest with the flat of her palm and pushed me from blocking her way. She cast a final look of dark contempt at me and said, “You stupide, ignorant boy.”
How was this my fault?
Did she just call me a boy?
Quelling the need to demand an explanation, I followed Lachesis to the First’s side, stomping with every step. The First’s eyes were glazed and cast upwards, unblinking and open as though seeking guidance from above. But He wasn’t there to receive the plea, and there would be no saving.
“This is not good,” Lachesis said, her tongue clucking against the roof of her mouth as she lowered herself to his side. “This is not good at all.”
“Is he . . . He can’t be . . . Can he?”
“Dead? No. Sick? Yes.” She looked to me and glowered beneath heavy lids. “He inhaled some of the darkness in the Void because you didn’t wait for me to explain.”
“He’s been in the Void before,” I said, trying to ease my guilt. “He must know the rules already.”
“Perhaps he’s been through the regular passages, but he’s never had to tunnel through a protective barrier. When I foresaw his visit, I lowered ours so that his journey would be successful.” She reached forward to close the First’s eyes, and then began to pick up handful after handful of soil comprised of moulding ash to rub into his paling skin.
“What are you doing?” I asked after a minute, following her movements with my eyes.
“Do you know what the Void is?” Lachesis remained focused on the First, asking the question without bothering to glance up.
Crouching down, I began to help when she motioned for assistance. I didn’t know what we were doing, but didn’t question the reason. With all that had come to pass, I didn’t doubt her devotion to the cause, and not helping the First would contradict every action she’d made. I rubbed fast and hard as I mimicked her frenzied efforts.
“The Void is what separates all the worlds,” I said as we continued to treat his skin.
“The Void is Darkness, Brother. It is the most sinister of all the Darkness, yet completely detached from that which you know. Instead of focusing on light, it devours everything.”
“That’s not possible. Darkness has rules.”
“Yes, though we’ve never found its epicenter,” she agreed. “The Void is what came before Darkness landed. It predates all of the worlds and all of creation. It is His mistake, an experiment in his attempt to create. His plan was flawed. The contempt and desolation He felt at not succeeding transferred to His creation until nothing but anger and pain were brewed.”
She began to laugh as she reached the First’s face. It lasted a moment and then her voice grew serious, her expression grave as she said, “He didn’t know of love or Glory until it was too late. The composition of the Void taught him all of that as it began to devour what he cherished. Out of His love to protect what He held dear, He created the worlds inhabited today, and then their occupants, promising each that they could have their own rules so long as they helped to quarantine the Darkness before it destroyed everything.
“Each world specialized in specific powers—handling elements, manipulating time and space, spell casting, precognition of future events, and displacing energies. Basically, all the abilities of the universe. Combined, the Void was captured and sealed between the doorways into their worlds like a clearing at the center of a forest.”
“Wait. Why don’t we know this? We came first.”
“You were before the humans and Earth, yes. But the worlds around here were before you,” she said. “Lucifer knew. It’s why he crumbled to shadow. He knew to fill his heart with hate would touch the world with its rage. But this? It happened before Creation, though the worlds fought with one another so much and with such intensity, their disputes threatened to crumble the Void’s prison.” She shrugged. “He created your kind, but realized another solution must be found. He needed your adoration to fuel his power and could not risk dividing that attention, so he created Olympus and the Gods that lived there.”
“To control the fighting?”
She shrugged. “I don’t know why the others were created, but Fate had its purpose. I suppose we all had a purpose once His attention was too focused on mortals to care about the storms and oceans and land. Even marriage, love, craftsmanship, and the rest of what fell under the Olympians’ domain to rule was neglected as He continued to try and make the perfect human specimen. His failures are all the psychopaths and criminally or mentally unstable forms. This is why your kind oversees mortals, the way they live and overall quality of life, while we handle the length.”
We finished rubbing the ash onto the First, but had to re-blend areas uprooted by the wind or already absorbed. He hadn’t moved, not even a twitch. It was almost like he was dead.
“Why did He create all the worlds and the Olympians?” I asked before she continued. “If He created them with this power, the power was His to begin with.”
“His power was too great and diverse to focus enough attention on any one ability. To keep the Void tamed, every one of those abilities needed to be at its topmost level of expertise. By giving each world a single power, each skill was mastered, nurtured so it could grow.”
“So the worlds keep the Void trapped.” I sat back once the First was covered completely with ash. “How did the fighting stop?”
“Fate.” She sat back and brought her hands to her face. Her fingers slid into her mouth and a whistle cut through the air, so ear-splitting and loud I found my hands covering my senses at the sides of my head.
“Couldn’t you have just knocked?” I lowered my hands and she shrugged her indifference.
“All the living creatures in every world are bound by Fate,” she continued in a rush. “We are centered in the Void as a reminder to each world that if the peace is broken, the power to exterminate their race still exists.”
I didn’t speak while I absorbed her information. Why hadn’t we learned of this? Why hadn’t we ever been told? I looked to the First. What happened to our kind when penetrated by the ancient darkness of His first creation?
“What’s wrong with him?” I nodded to the First.
“He’s been infected. This Darkness doesn’t need permission to enter, and it will attack his soul until he dies.”
“What?” I jumped to my feet. “Why are we sitting here then?”
“We are waiting for Renalda to grant us entry to her home,” she said, and glanced to the house made of bones. “It shouldn’t be much longer. Relax. Sit. The ash we rubbed on his skin is made of dried blood. It will draw out the Darkness from the First.”
The wind picked up. A funnel of energy exited the structure behind us, twisting to whisper across the dry land. With each spin it grew closer and closer, a path of disruption in its wake.
“How does that work?” I raised my voice so my final question could be heard.
She stood. “The Void loves to eat, Brother, and the only thing more reliable than its hunger is its greed.”
And yet she had risked drawing my blood within the Void . . . .
The wind stopped, a haggard lady stepping from its mists. She greeted Lachesis with a nod and then turned to me, and I gasped. The ugliness of the right side of her body was as complete as the beauty on her left.



CHAPTER NINE


Despite the rudeness of the action, I couldn’t help but stare. The left portion of Renalda’s body was plump, sagging towards the ground as deformed lumps, but her right side was tall and willowy, and beauty flowed through each movement as graceful as a dancer. Her shoulders slanted with the disproportionate balance the oddity of her form created, but as I struggled to carry the dead weight of the First and keep up with Lachesis while Renalda brought us back to her home, there wasn’t a chance to examine her features more fully.
Once we were inside, I carried the First into a bedroom across from the entrance, and then got shooed into the living room to wait. After a few minutes, Renalda closed the door to leave Lachesis and the First in the room chosen for his recuperation. She faced me and I stifled a gasp. Her face, like her body, was a contradiction of form. The skin on her left sagged like molting wax and there was a blackened hole in lieu of half her mouth. Her scalp was bare, covered with scar tissue made by burns. Long, thick red hair fell in waves nearly to her waist on the opposite side, her skin clear and pale.
Green eyes levelled me with their gaze, the only similarity on both sides of her features. I stared back and was surprised to be met with wisdom. She was strong and powerful, her eyes warned, and I would be smart to remember that.
Renalda would do even better to remember her existence wasn’t sanctioned.
She smiled as though having heard my thoughts, and cleared her throat. “Would you care for some tea?”
“No.” I hesitated. She wasn’t going to call me out for my blatant behaviour? The least she could do is explain what happened, though I bet it was personal. How many people could get the best of a witch? Had she harmed herself in a spell gone wrong? “Thank you.”
Taking stock, I examined my surroundings while she banged around in the kitchen to the right of the living room through open glass French doors. The whole house was spotless, the complete opposite of its exterior, though I had yet to venture out of the living room, an open space with minimal furnishings. The room the First rested in remained vague—I’d been too concerned about his safety to look around.
I stood from my perch on the armrest of the black leather couch and entered the doorway into the kitchen. It was cavernous, filled with the most modern chrome appliances and a large cappuccino-colored kitchen table. Separating the cooking area from the dining room was an island with marble counters and burners waiting to be used, while silver pots hung from hooks in the ceiling.
“Your home is great,” I said, and sat, watching as she lifted the kettle from the stove when it began to whistle, a smile lifting the unmarred portion of her lips. It wasn’t a platitude, but it had come as a surprise after viewing what could be seen from outside.
“I like the modern world.”
She brought two cups of tea to the table and set one in front of me. Renalda took a step back, and then rounded the table to sit across from me, and it amazed me she didn’t walk with a limp or grimace with pain given her obvious handicap. Why didn’t she use magic to heal herself? Or was she a witch with ethics? Doubtful, given the state of her yard, but I couldn’t think of another explanation.
“Thank you.” I took the tea and sipped it out of politeness. Smacking my lips, I looked up and raised an eyebrow. “So the outside . . . ?”
“Is a glamour.” She laughed, pausing to take a sip of her tea through a straw. “It makes people think twice before bothering me, but really, it’s like a home in the middle of a suburb. Those piles of burning rot?” She leaned forward and winked. “Flowers.”
“And the ash formed of blood?”
Her smile faded. “Real. Not all who travel here are welcome or friendly, but don’t worry. Most of it is thousands of years old, and none of it is from angels,” she said, and her tone lightened. “As far as enemies go, I don’t need to add your kind to the list.”
So much for the “good witch” theory, though it pleased me to know our abilities imposed fear or, at the very least, caution. I sat back in my chair and twirled my cup of tea in circles by its handle. “So you are immortal?”
“I am many things.”
“Like what?” I asked, curious. I’d never spoken to a witch before, though the First had done his share of judging them. What would he think now that a witch has supplied him with a safe place to rest? Knowing him so well, my guess is he’d condemn Renalda for not letting him die, and then blame me for allowing her to help.
She set her tea down. “I am a very good interpreter of one’s desires, which is fortunate as I have ways of helping you realize what you want.” She smiled. “For a price, of course.”
I held her gaze for nearly a minute, but she didn’t blink. The smile she wore didn’t falter, and finally, I rolled my eyes and sighed. Letting go of the cup, I leaned forward, resting my elbows on the table, and asked, “You know what I desire?”
She nodded.
Another minute passed.
“Tell me, then,” I said, and narrowed my gaze. “What do I desire?”
Renalda’s smile dropped and she looked down, stirring her tea with her straw. One, two . . . three turns, and she dropped the straw, watching it slow. When it stopped, she looked up from beneath hooded lids. “How about I tell you how I can help you instead?”
Witches were famous for their trickery—almost as much as the Sisters—but the woman had piqued my curiosity. Cocking my head to study her, I watched as she refocused on her tea, completely nonchalant as though she had offered nothing at all. Did she have a solution I had yet to think of? Could she help me not only protect Alyssa, but be with her, too? Was it even possible? Or had Renalda been able to read what I want and decided to use it to pay me back for staring at her earlier?
“How do you propose to help me and what would payment require?” I found myself asking, and was thankful that even if the First could hear me, he was nowhere near strong enough to do something about it.
“You could have a new mortal form so that you can be with the girl that you love so dearly,” Renalda said, and my body froze. “My payment would be to meet the girl, this leader of the Pure Souls.” She pinched her lips closed and nodded, becoming dreamy, though the hole on her left remained a reminder of how dark her wickedness could become. “I hear great things are attached to her future.”
Laughing, I shook my head, and she opened her eyes, surprised.
“Not the response you imagined?” I asked. “I think your mojo is on the fritz today, Renalda.” Perhaps she should find herself a new form to inhabit if she had such talents. “That isn’t my greatest desire, and if you truly knew what it was, you would know that I would never allow Alyssa to enter the Void or to meet you. There are far too many dangers attached to those scenarios, and what I want more than anything? Is for her to be safe. And I don’t care if I have to live in misery in order to make that happen, so please. The next time you think of offering me your “services”, remember that.”
Being with Alyssa came a close second to keeping her protected, and I didn’t want a new mortal form. I wanted to be with her. Me. In my truest form so that she knew who I was without deception or barriers set by time until she turned eighteen. No disguises. The next time we met she would see this face, hear this voice, and I hoped, remember these eyes. I didn’t want the gimmicks of magic to dilute the experience, no matter how long I had to wait for it to arrive on its own.
“Well, when your needs change, you will know where to find me,” she said, and picked her tea back up, completely unfazed.
Lachesis walked into the kitchen looking tired from the journey and her efforts to help the First. She sat at the table and, without a word, snatched my tea, and drank it with just two swallows. When she lowered the cup, she looked surprised that the contents were gone. Renalda stood, grabbing the dish to prepare more.
“How is he?” I asked in a low voice, and Lachesis slowly raised her head.
She darted her gaze between me and Renalda, and then, disregarding my quiet tone, said, “He’ll live, but it will take a day or two for him to wake.” She sighed and looked to Renalda. “We do not have time to wait for him to make our plans. Do you know why we’ve come?”
Pausing with the tea pot raised mid-air, Renalda nodded. “I do.” She started pouring. “Besides, you only visit when you want something.”
“Can you help?” Lachesis asked, sounding exhausted.
I looked back and forth between the women, not understanding. What kind of history did they share? Or was that the kind of shorthand witches and Fate were born with? Because I felt completely lost.
“I can.” Renalda nodded.
“Can someone please explain what is being discussed?” Focusing on Lachesis, I added, “The last time I was dragged into one of your plans, I lost too much to be able to enter another without full disclosure. Now tell me. What are you talking about? Because I will not agree to Renalda’s terms for acquiring another mortal form, and you won’t like my reaction if you try to negotiate the same deal on my behalf.”
My body hummed with built-up energies, but Lachesis didn’t say a word. The silence stretched so long I almost got up and left, not caring if I would have to trek through the Void to get away, or the fact that the First couldn’t join me. Lachesis cast her gaze down and I glanced to Renalda, raising my eyebrows.
Renalda stared at Lachesis for a moment longer and then slowly twisted to face me. “She wants me to provide a concoction for you to hide who you truly are. It won’t change your appearance, but it will mask your natural power—the Glory within your soul—from being detected by Darkness.”
“That’s . . . perfect.” The static charging my skin shorted out, and the raised hair on my arms fell flat. I looked to Lachesis. “Right?”
“It is what you need.” She nodded. “To protect Alyssa, you have to blend in as a human or Darkness will detect you, and I don’t know if it’ll retreat or strike if that happens.”
“Wait,” Renalda said. “There are drawbacks—side effects, if you will. Cloaking your powers from others will mean cloaking them from yourself as well. You will be mortal, cut off from all of your angelic . . .” She looked me over from head-to-toe, and smiled. “Powers.”
“Then how will I protect Alyssa if danger arrives?” I asked Lachesis, but once again Renalda spoke when Lachesis refused.
“The cloak isn’t indefinite,” she said. “It will fade, but should you need it to do so immediately, there is another concoction to cure its effects.”
“So then provide me with both.” Why make such a production when the solution was so easy to obtain?
“I will provide what you need to cloak your powers as a returned favour owed to the Sisters,” she said, and Lachesis nodded her acknowledgement of payment. “The second will require payment from you.”
“I’m afraid you’ll have to await for your answer for whatever it is you require,” I said. “I am not able to bargain, and if I did, it may not be validated by the First when he recovers.”
Renalda and Lachesis shared a glance and then looked back to me. My stomach plummeted, and I realized before the words were said that I wouldn’t welcome what they were about to reveal. Lachesis was, above all else, a mind of logic. She had to be to deal with Clotho and Atropos, and make sure their work was fulfilled. But for once, I wished she could forget knowing my kinds’ protocols.
“You are the Second,” Lachesis said, finally making eye contact.
I glared back at her and ignored Renalda. Shifting my weight, I shrugged. “So?”
“Right now the First is incapacitated by illness and He cannot be found.”
Oh, no. Please don’t say it. I will go and find Him or wait for the First to awaken.
“The decision falls on you to make now. Without them, you are in charge.”
That is what I had hoped she wouldn’t say.



CHAPTER TEN


After the initial shock that I was in charge—the Brother who had been brought back from demotion—wore off, and listening to Renalda’s terms that didn’t involve Alyssa, I didn’t hesitate to accept. Despite my reservations at having to make the call, I knew, just as I knew the First would know upon waking, it was the right choice. Plus, it was my promise to make, though I was still unsure of its premise. What’s a little of my blood given freely when it meant going to Alyssa?
There wasn’t time to decipher what she wanted it for.
I expected an athame to slash at my skin the moment I agreed. Instead, it was like humans give blood. Renalda stood from the table and walked over to the kitchen cupboards. From above the stove came a carved box for holding amulets and charms safe, and a small black medical bag. A special needle was produced, like any syringe, but with a glistening point like ice, and blood was drawn to be kept in a light blue vial made from sparkling glass that twinkled under the lights in Renalda’s kitchen like diamonds capturing the rays from the sun.
Renalda left the moment the vial of blood had been capped and then secured it on a cushioned pillow of navy velvet inside of her box. Humming, she entered a room I had yet to venture to prepare the agreed upon concoctions. Only the fact that I would be able to protect Alyssa calmed my impatience and kept me from following Renalda to demand she hurry, make the potion, and tell me why she wanted my blood as she completed the task.
“Don’t bother saying it,” I told Lachesis once Renalda had left.
She stared at me, wordless since I agreed, first with confusion, and then disbelief. Now she looked like she was ready to launch another reprimand over my obvious stupidity.
“As you said, I am in charge, and even if I wasn’t, this was my choice to make.” I stood and rolled down my sleeves, looking down to focus on the buttons. “Take me to see how my Brother is feeling.” I looked up, clenching my jaw. “Please.”
As far as I was concerned, Lachesis, her sisters, and the First . . . they were as much responsible for the deal with Renalda as I was when I agreed. If Fate had had the foresight to look past Alyssa’s death all the way to her eighteenth birthday, they would have known expending my mortal form as a means to remove her from Death’s list had been foolish. Maybe, and this was stretching it, they wouldn’t have been stupid enough to place her on the list in the first place.
But that was probably giving them too much credit.
Keeping my features neutral and my eyes forward so that Lachesis couldn’t pick up on the shift in my mood, I nodded to the open doorway. “Lachesis.”
She shook her head, rising with a cluck of her tongue and a disapproving glare. She didn’t speak, though, and I was grateful. Lachesis brought me to the First, and after checking to ensure the Darkness was still taking its bait, left us to rest on our own. The door clicked behind her and I felt my body release the tension within.
I lay on the floor beside the bed he slept in and twined my fingers beneath my head, staring at the ceiling above. It had been a simple exchange. Soon, I would be back with Alyssa. She would know me for who I really was, at least on the outside, but never as David again. Would it matter? I could see her whenever I please and she would be safe, beautiful, and mine . . . Always mine.
Turning onto my side, I exhaled as I closed my eyes. Would she still love me? Even though she’ll never know me as the boy she loved? The boy she lost? Could she forgive me for the loss she had been forced to withstand?
***
The next morning I was the first to wake, but then, I had hardly slept. Knowing that Alyssa needed to be protected, and that I might get there too late, projected horrible scenarios into my head every time I closed my eyes, and eventually, it was easier to keep them open. I wandered into the kitchen and sat in the dark, staring at nothing as I went over everything that had brought us here, still not knowing the cause.
At dawn, Lachesis came to check on the First, and I didn’t move. When she entered the kitchen and turned on the light, she jumped, and her hand went to her chest. I glared at her and then back to the table, remaining silent despite an inner smile. Lachesis shook her head and walked over to the island to turn on the stove for the kettle.
“Why are you sitting in the dark, Brother?”
I raised my eyebrow and sent her a half-smile. “Just getting used to the lack of light humans are accustomed to.” With my hands clasped on the table, I leaned back and watched as she prepared two cups of tea. “It’s method acting, I think.”
Lachesis poured the hot water, watching as the tea steeped, and then sighed, picking up the cups to join me at the table. Setting one in front of me, she paused, and then began to speak as she sat across from my chair. “You’re still angry,” she said, and took a sip of her tea, watching me above the rim.
“Actually, I’m glad. What I wanted was right and your plan was wrong. It’s not everyday someone can best Fate.”
“Really?”
I dropped the pretend smile. “No. Of course I’m mad. You may be able to determine fate, Lachesis, but that doesn’t give you the right to toy with peoples’ lives.”
“Are you mad because we’re discussing Alyssa, or just in general?” She raised her cup to take another sip of her tea.
“Does it matter?”
“No.” She looked down, setting her cup on the table, and then raised her head. “I suppose it’s the same no matter who we discuss.” She leaned forward. “But what about the lives taken when letting a dark soul live causes others harm? How many horrible people were able to live so that the Pure Souls could be congregated as teenagers?”
“That’s your plan, but it doesn’t surprise me that you failed to think of the consequences. You would think that balance would be the first thing someone who works so closely with it would think of when planning for a new species.”
Lachesis smiled and leaned back in her chair. “You shouldn’t be so quick to pass judgement. The Pure Souls were possible because of Alyssa, not us.”
“And who made Alyssa so special, Lachesis? Him? Fate?”
“Would you rather she not exist at all? Because she is the Pure Soul—the leader—and without her? None of them would be possible.” She waved her hand in front of her face like what she was saying held no importance. “It was this . . . or she would never have been born.”
I shut my mouth before saying something I would regret, and glared. Never born? The leader that made the Pure Souls possible? Lachesis wasn’t bound by truth. She could lie to me without batting an eye, and I had no way of telling if she was playing me, on my feelings for Alyssa, in order to guide the conversation to her favour.
“What do you—?”
“Okay, folks, it’s all ready to go!”
Renalda shuffled into the kitchen, her voice high and cheerful, and went straight to the stove so she could prepare herself some tea. I looked at Lachesis to find she was watching me, smug, and I knew the conversation was over. Once again, she only revealed that which benefitted her, but it was more than I had yesterday. Sooner or later, the pieces she dropped would fit a whole, and I would understand what she wouldn’t say.
“Let’s just start making plans for my return,” I said, and sighed. “I don’t want to wait any longer.”
With the First still asleep, the choices fell to me once more, though his coloring had deepened, his eyes less glazed. As soon as he woke, I would hand the burden over and disappear, but first, I would plan my journey as I wanted it to be. By the time he realized it, I would be unavailable to discuss changes.
Amazing how just a few seconds separated our order of creation, and now those beats of time divided our roles as though they were months or even years. We were both important, of course, with different specializations, but our authority was specific. He was the First and I the Second. Until I had been faced with the responsibilities he’d inherited, I hadn’t realized what it entailed.
The First deserved respect.
“Both concoctions?” Lachesis’s voice broke through my thoughts and I raised my head to see her suspicion before it was masked.
“Several doses, in fact,” Renalda said with a smile. “There is twelve of each.” Picking up her cup of tea, she joined us at the table, sitting at the end on my left-hand-side. “I figure that I should supply extra in case more than a single threat occurs. Now you can save her and resume your disguise twelve times over, and never have to visit me again.”
“What do you expect in return for this generosity?” I narrowed my eyes. I wouldn’t be donating again, if that was her motivation. There were ways to ensure the longevity of a single dose and its cure, and after witnessing Alyssa’s training in the hologram at the Sisters’ home, my confidence in her ability to defend herself had been raised.
“I have all I require.”
“Lachesis?” I turned to the Sister.
“Don’t worry, Brother,” Renalda said, laughing. “You have my word that nothing will harm the girl because of our agreement. I made spares because I root for you two.” She shrugged. “And because the process of making the potion provides large quantities as a result. My Mama always said not to waste hard work and frankly, I don’t foresee any more angels coming to me for help before they spoil.”
Her Mama? Her left-hand-side was so old and decrepit I had assumed her born from Chaos, maybe a product of the Void. Never, not once since we’d arrived, had I imagined her being somebody’s child. Where was her mother now?
A part of what we’d rubbed into the First?
My manners won over my contemplation and I said, “Thank you. I am grateful for the possibility of avoiding the Void again to obtain more, should the need arise.”
“And I would be grateful if you could both focus on our plans,” Lachesis said. “You’ll need to ingratiate yourself slowly this time so you can be close to her without drawing suspicion, which also means no romance.”
I rolled my eyes, a familiar gesture I’d picked up from the teenagers I would soon join again. As living history, I could attest to its true repetition. I hadn’t listened the first time, and more likely than not, I wouldn’t be listening again. I didn’t want to. If Alyssa was so special, and they really believed she needed to be protected, they wouldn’t do anything if I voiced my true intentions. But even with the borrowed authority from the First, it would be stupid to chance it.
“Now,” she continued, “let’s discuss money. Do you want a vehicle or a really nice home?” She paused, tapping her mouth with her fingers. “Perhaps you need a job . . . ?”



CHAPTER ELEVEN


The First woke on the second day. He was still weak, but mobile, and angry. Loud. Every time he opened his mouth Renalda’s home shook from the vibration of his bellow demanding something or complaining. Lachesis did well at hushing him, but after an entire day with the First, she required a break.
Now, it was my turn.
“Renalda’s going to give us her boot if you don’t stop it,” I said as I entered the room, shutting the door softly as though that would make up for some of the Firsts’ belligerence. Turning, I leaned back, raising the sole of my shoe to rest on the door behind me, and crossed my arms.
“She’s a witch, Brother. She wouldn’t anger our kind against her.” He glowered, but until he was able to get out of bed on his own, it was ineffectual. Even then . . . he needed time to recoup his strength. The brightness of his soul had dimmed to a twinkle, and with it, his power and authority. His hair had darkened, his skin had paled, and for once, we looked like real brothers bonded by blood.
“She provided us with what we need and Alyssa will be protected.” Pushing off the door, I perched at the end of the bed he was now sitting up in with his back against the headboard and blankets piled in his lap. “She’s also the only reason you’ve been able to rest. If not for Renalda’s hospitality, you wouldn’t have gotten better. If not for her . . . landscaping, you wouldn’t have survived.”
He sighed and the back of his head hit the headboard, his gaze planted upwards. “I have never felt this weak, Brother,” he whispered. “Explain what we’ve procured from the witch.”
Should I tell him? What we received and how it would work? Did he need to know of all the plans? What it had cost?
“You should rest another night,” I said, buying time. Not that it mattered. Maybe I should tell him whilst he was weak? “We’ll leave tomorrow.”
I stood and patted his leg through the blankets. “Now that we are within Renalda’s barrier, Lachesis can create a portal to take us back to her home without having to navigate the Void.”
“What aren’t you saying?”
Looking away from his scrutiny, I walked over to the door. Pausing, I chose my words carefully when I said, “It has all been arranged, Brother. You can trust that with Him gone and your unconscious state, I took care of things so we didn’t experience further delay.”
“Why?”
“It should be obvious, Brother.” I met his stare and smiled, not with happiness, but sadness. Resignation. Then I walked away, closing the door behind me. It shouldn’t have to be said, my reasons for not wanting delays.
Everything I did was for Alyssa.
***
“If I leave, will I be locked out?”
I stopped in the kitchen doorway five minutes after leaving the First to rest. Lachesis and Renalda were hunched over the kitchen table discussing . . . I had no clue, but it didn’t matter. I just needed to know if I could get back in if I left to get some air, fresh though it wasn’t.
“Why wouldn’t you be able to get back into the house?” Renalda asked, erecting an innocent façade, though the mischief in her eyes was clear. “As long as you don’t leave the yard or you’ll be back in the Void. Then my barrier will stop you from entering again.”
“It didn’t stop us—”
She cut me off with a sharp laugh and waved her hand in the air, shaking her head. “I strengthened it.”
“So nobody can intrude on you again?” Like we are that much of a burden.
“Sure,” Renalda said, and smiled at Lachesis. “Also so nobody knows you three are here. A Sister of Fate plus two Brothers so easy to grab all alone and without their natural worlds for power? It’s like candy to the Void and all those keeping it contained. Either they would use your powers or obtain leverage with ransom—from what I hear, there isn’t anyone to pay it at the moment.”
I glanced at Lachesis and she looked away. Why would she tell Renalda He wasn’t there? Slowly, I turned back to Renalda. “You helped us?”
“I helped me,” she said, and pointed to her chest. “I don’t want that kind of nonsense here. In case you haven’t noticed, I’m trying my hand at being passive. Can’t break a habit if you set yourself up to be tempted.”
Barely suppressing my laughter, I bit my cheek to control its matching grin. She was serious. Well, I guess that said something for the woman wanting my blood. Not much, mind you, but I needed what I could get if I wished to stay sane and not worry about it.
“Then I will see you two—” Did I call them woman? A witch and . . . Fate? “—later.”
Best not to address them directly, I thought, and marched out the front door.



CHAPTER TWELVE


Was it magic? Where were we located in the Void that the blaring sun was nearly as intense as the celestial glow of Heaven’s Glory? It must be a spell. The light wasn’t near as warm as a natural sun, and no natural sun could rival Heaven’s light.
The whole yard had been transformed into a gothic winter wonderland. Perhaps it was because I was aware of it, or maybe Renalda couldn’t strengthen the barrier without losing her glamour, but it was amazing. Not pretty, but beautiful, and definitely odd. Bushes lined her home, dark with blackened roses that had somehow bloomed. Gone were the piles of rot and yellow-tinged smoke, replaced with miles of trees, naked of leaves, and perfectly winterized without the ice and tons of snow.
Just as Renalda said, the house of bones was no more, revealing a two-story bungalow with . . . a garage? Whatever would Renalda need with that? Did she have a car? Huh. Maybe she was holding out and had some sort of super car that could travel the Void, though when I pictured it, my mind conjured a bulletproof Hummer with Renalda dressed in army gear behind the wheel, Lachesis at her side in her same red dress and ridiculous pointy red slippers. What a pair.
My feet crunched along the gravel to a swinging bench that faced the front of the house. Hating the idea of how much blood would have had to be spilled in order to saturate so much land, I couldn’t regret its presence. If not for the wickedness of Renalda’s property, the First would have never survived ingesting the Void. I would have spilled my blood to coat his body. I laughed at the image as it formed in my head, for if Lachesis hadn’t been there to rub it into his pores, he wouldn’t have survived once I passed out.
Bending at the waist, I rested my elbows on my knees and leaned forward to cup my head in my hands. How could I be so torn? Ever since I left Alyssa, thoughts of her have guided my every move, and now I was willing to spill my blood for the First? No. It was a reflex instinct, nothing more.
Everything had become so horrible it was hard not to laugh. I had been ready to fall for love—I still was—and the only reason I didn’t is because I was being sent back to Alyssa. She wouldn’t know me, but still . . . she wouldn’t know me if I fell, either. Nobody would.
How could I be in charge after that?
Not even my heightened duty and the responsibilities that were tagged to them—to every decision I made—changed how I felt. No matter what it meant or what anyone said, completing this task had but one reason: to be with Alyssa, to make sure my heart stayed safe in her hands. That meant protecting her at all costs, even if I had to sacrifice myself to do it. Who would I be, anyway, without my heart?
The heartless Brother you’ve always been.
No more.
With the First still so weak and Him missing on some vacation, I remained in charge. It was my decisions that counted until the First was better. His power to challenge me was nonexistent, as weak as his light had made his hair dark. When his soul grew strong and his hair grew light once more, I would gladly step aside.
I craned my head up to the cold but bright sky, and closed my eyes. He wasn’t there to provide answers. No answers meant no judgement. He was gone and the Frist was weak. Perhaps being the Second wasn’t so bad, for when I found her again, I had nobody but myself to answer to. Then again, if I left . . . the Third would have to fulfill the First’s role.
Keston and Sera popped into my mind. With everything that had happened, I’d forgotten about them, as well as The History of the Fallen. Had they found it yet? Did they realize what I had tried to show them?
I stood with a smile and wiped my palms against my jean-clad thighs. My plan formulated more definitely with each stop back to Renalda’s home, and by the time I made it inside, I had all my bases covered to guarantee success.
Lachesis would be making a portal tomorrow, but we wouldn’t be going back to her home. Instead, we would go to Glory Academy. I was in charge and this was my first, and possibly my last, demand. Sera and Keston would be heard and I would personally sign off on their petition wanting to be together by passing the test that had been granted only once before. It wouldn’t be easy, but they loved each other, and that meant they deserved the chance to prove they could make it work without it affecting their newfound roles.
Who knows?
Maybe by the time Alyssa turns eighteen, Sera and Keston will have instigated change and we wouldn’t have to face the same fight.



CHAPTER THIRTEEN


The decision to detour to Glory Academy wasn’t received well by the First, but since the First and Lachesis couldn’t stop me, and I wasn’t going to the Mortal Realm without going there, they had no choice but to come along. Well, in Lachesis’s case, create the portal to take us there, but I was pretty sure she still didn’t want to meet her mother, so I weighed all of her objections with the same level of importance as I would a child saying they didn’t want to play with their favorite toy.
“I can’t believe this,” the First complained with a shake of his head. “What do you seek to find at Glory Academy? Aren’t you anxious to see the girl?”
Now he was advocating my relationship with Alyssa?
I looked to where he stood on my right, and then quickly back to Lachesis in front of us as she prepared to open a portal in Renalda’s living room. Even though we both knew how weak he was, I didn’t want to let him know I had seen the physical toll the mere act of standing was taking on him, his hand so white I could see porous bone for knuckles where Darkness had sucked its marrow near-dry.
Our souls were what made us who we were, and by hurting our bodies, it touched our soul. One scratch, one caress, or even one breath—it was all one. Our power source was easy to mar, but hard to restore, and it would take several human years before the First truly became the First once more.
“All I want is to see “the girl”, Brother, but I need to do something before I find Alyssa again.” We stepped towards the portal as it opened. “I have to do this.”
***
The portal opened itself inside the Viewing Room of the Brothers’ home on the top floor. It wasn’t where I’d have hoped to land, but it was unnoticed in its seclusion. On the other hand, opening a portal in front of students would probably freak them out, especially new arrivals—more arrived each day.
How long had we been stopped in time? Had enough passed to have new students yet? I hoped not. Not only was Glory Academy becoming overpopulated, it was regrettably understaffed, and the Brothers were spread too thin across the four that remained to complete the duties of seven, and lend a hand.
“Are you coming?” I asked, pausing at the door to glance back over my shoulder.
My eyes considered the First and Lachesis, but I knew the answer as soon as I turned. Lachesis was too attached to the lifelines that had been snipped not to feel the pain of the students’ deaths surrounding her. Even this close to them, her features were strained. The First had barely made it through the portal to sit on the bench opposite the seeing wall.
“I won’t be long,” I promised and rushed out into the hallway without waiting for an answer. Just a few floors away lay the last obstacle obstructing my efforts at forging a clear path to Alyssa. Yes, I wanted to do this. There was no question. I just needed to get it done fast.
From the moment I burst through the Academy’s main door, surprised glances followed me. It didn’t take power to understand the questions circling in their heads. Why is he here? Wasn’t he punished? And, of course, why does he look like he’s in charge? Where’s the First?
I wanted to scream at the students. I looked like I was in charge because I was in charge. Show me respect whether I’m in charge or not—I’m better than you.
I didn’t have time to say any of that, though, and really, I didn’t believe it. We were different than the students, yes, and had more experience. I guess, in most respects that made me better. Experience granted knowledge and I would use what I knew to help aid their lack of knowledge. Somebody had to. Because even though my rank made me superior here, I still envied them their lives as humans.
The doors to the Great Library loomed in front of me. It was the only place I could think to look and despised the idea of having to ask or search any further. If time had truly stopped during our excursion into the Void, this was where they would be, I was sure.
Entering the library, I spotted them right away. They were in the far back of the circular room, having taken over occupancy of the table that I had claimed as my own. Hunched over piles of paper like they had found the meaning of life in written form, they were oblivious to everyone around them. And hidden beneath the mountain of paper, everyone around them—even the Seventh—was oblivious to what they were truly studying: The History of the Fallen.



CHAPTER FOURTEEN


Sera and Keston jumped in their seats when they noticed me standing across the table, looking down. I was proud of their diligence, but felt like chastising them because it took over four minutes to realize the shadow I cast wasn’t the lights dimming. Did they not know the definition of secrecy?
“To keep hidden,” I said, not realizing I’d spoken out loud until a pair of frosty blue eyes that had appeared silver before looked up, followed by its forest green companions, to meet my gaze. “To keep something secret, you must avoid letting it be known.” I pointed to the book. “Or seen.”
“What?” Sera asked. Her tone sounded far from happy, like she considered me an annoyance, and she squinched her face into a grimace.
Keston smiled with warmth and it was nearly impossible to remember how defensive he had been when we first met. “You’re back.”
“I am.” I nodded, darting my eyes between them.
“For good?”
I paused and then slowly, without breaking eye contact with the boy, shook my head. Disappointment was obvious, but what could I do? Cheer him up. Give them their chance.
“How do you expect us to figure this out?” Sera demanded and jerked her hand towards the thick text. “We weren’t created with your intelligence and have to make do with the limited knowledge we died with. How can we do this if you aren’t here to help?”
“Sera,” Keston hissed between his teeth. “We wouldn’t have known anything without his help.”
“So?” She looked back to me and glared, making it perfectly clear how unwelcome my return was to her. “Can’t you just grant us permission?”
“Only the Brother in charge can do that for you.”
“Can you take us to the First?” Keston asked. “He’ll see us if you ask him to, right?”
“No.” I shook my head and watched Sera’s glower darken. I knew it wasn’t me she hated. She was fighting the same rules I had grown to detest, and for that reason alone, I could not fault her her reaction. Hadn’t I done the same?
I placed my hands on the backrest of the chair and leaned forward so that I could lower my voice to that of a whisper. “The First is . . . ill. I have taken charge during his recovery.”
Both their eyes glistened with hope. 
“Does that mean you’ll let us be together?” Sera squeaked.
“No.” I shook my head and pointed to the hidden book. “It means that you still need to follow precedent. But, if your petition is drafted within the hour, I will grant you your chance.”
“Why can’t you—”
“Because, Sera, I am still a Brother. I have to abide by our history, though I am willing to be gracious to your cause where I know the First would not have been.” Sighing, I glanced up and around, and then back to Sera and Keston. “I want to help you, but I will not jeopardize my position to do so.”
“Why only one hour?” Keston asked before Sera could say anything, and she glared at him.
“I’m . . . leaving for an important task,” I said. “It’s time sensitive or I would try to give you longer.”
“Back to the mortal?” Keston smiled.
A ghost of a smile played at the corners of my mouth and after a short pause, I nodded. “Yes. She needs to be protected.”
“So you can have yours, but we can’t?”
“Stop, Sera.” Keston took her hand and squeezed. “His mortal is important, remember? Everyone says so.”
“What have you heard?” Were the students more informed of Alyssa’s role than I was? How? Why?
“That’s it,” he said, looking like he was prepared to cross his heart and hope to die, which really, since he was already dead, wouldn’t work. “Everyone just says that she is important.”
The tightness of my expression loosened and I felt my body relax. Of course the students didn’t know more. What was I thinking? Even if they did, I would find out sooner or later. Alyssa’s birthday was a year away. Instead of just a couple of weeks, I would be by her side for twelve consecutive months. That was a whole fifty-two weeks—three hundred sixty-five days, plus or minus a few.
“One hour,” I said, hoping they would reach me sooner. I looked down to Sera and said, “I am going to protect the mortal, but you two should feel lucky for this chance. At least you know who you are. The boy that Alyssa loved is already dead, and I don’t think she’ll let anyone take his place.”
I could feel their scrutiny as I left, but didn’t turn around. Another set of eyes followed my exit, and I tried to hurry before the Seventh became suspicious. If Sera and Keston met my deadline, it would be obvious, but this bought them the time to avoid questioning before they were finished.
By the time the Seventh realized what he saw, I would be gone.



CHAPTER FIFTEEN


It took twenty minutes for Sera and Keston to complete their task and find me in the Viewing Room with the First and Lachesis. The knock at the door came as a surprise and interrupted Lachesis’ explanation of our plan to the First. Getting through the details was hard with him questioning every little piece of information, and then trying to dispute its plausibility.
The distraction made me feel relieved and annoyed, torn between wanting it to be cut short and nixing anything that prolonged the First’s rant. Turning, I went to the door, pausing to glance at Lachesis, who was scowling. Another knock came and she rolled her eyes, waving to the door as if to say, “Hurry so whoever it is will go away.”
“I’m sorry to interrupt,” the Seventh said from the other side, and stepped to his right to reveal Sera and Keston. “These two insisted you were expecting them.”
The anger dissipated as I watched their eyes stretch past their limits, very well close to dropping out onto the floor. I cleared my throat to gain their attention, but it was a momentary success. Their gazes flicked to me and then widened back onto the First. And Lachesis.
Of course. She was a Sister of Fate, and much more awesome than discovering angels existed upon their death. It was even more astonishing than finding out they were part of a brand new race of angels. Lachesis was a Goddess, minor in myth, but major in reality, and they were just realizing she was very much a part of their new lives.
“Is that . . . ?”
I smiled at Keston. “Would you like to be introduced?”
Lachesis turned her head and hissed her disapproval. I closed the door so they couldn’t see her and shrugged.
“Hmm.” I pressed my lips together and looked to the floor, shaking my head. “Maybe another time?”
“Who’s out there?” the First called without his usual bellow. “Is that the Seventh?”
“Yes, Brother,” I said without looking backwards, staying focused on Sera and Keston. Knowing my luck, their awe would surpass their logic and lead them to do something stupid like rushing me to get inside, and then my trip would be delayed even further.
“Tell him to come back.”
“Oh, I’m sure he heard you.” I rolled my eyes, but watched as Keston looked to the left to hide his smile.
The Seventh looked to me and I nodded. It was unusual and uncomfortable to have them question orders from the First, especially when they looked to me for consent. What would happen when I left? I couldn’t protect Alyssa and remain in charge, and the First was still too weak. The Third was always busy, even more so now that two of us were compromised from fulfilling our duties, and the Fourth . . . well, there’s a reason he wasn’t one of the top three. Still, he was a better candidate than five-through-seven, and that spoke volumes with its lack of endorsement.
“We finished, just like you asked,” Sera said in a soft voice. She held out a piece of paper and her eyes trailed upwards to meet my gaze. “What made him so sick?”
I smiled, reserved. “Nothing for you to worry about.” I read through their petition fast yet critically, finding nothing to keep me from slashing the bottom with my signature, a golden cursive infused with Glory identified as my soul alone.
“Now what?” Keston took the document.
“Now, you will meet with the other Brothers and they will outline your challenge. If you fail, you will never see each other again.” I saw fear light their eyes. “Have faith that you can succeed, and you will do just that. If you can pass, you can be together. Trust yourselves, trust each other, and trust love. Do that and you can’t fail.”
“You think we can do it?” Sera asked, and I knew by the defiant tilt of her chin what the display of vulnerability had cost her—and what the answer would mean. As important as they had become at death, they were still so young, innocent and inexperienced. They needed someone to believe with them. For them.
Hadn’t I just done that?
“I believe in love,” I said, “and I see that you two love each other very much. I came here before going to Alyssa because I think you deserve the chance to be together.”
“But do you believe we can succeed?” she persisted.
Should I give her hope? Was it a lie? What would happen if I was wrong?
I met her gaze and nodded, never more serious than in this moment, and yet, never more unsure. “Yes. I think you stand a chance of success.”
The smile I received in compensation for my answer was pleasing, but it twisted my stomach like a knife plunged from behind. Please don’t let those words be a lie. They’ve already donated their lives to the cause. Don’t let their love suffer the same fate. I didn’t know who I was praying to or if He could even hear, but I sent up one last please for good measure.
Turning, I found the First glaring at the floor and Lachesis watching me. Just as I was about to look away, she nodded, a small smile creaking her lips in an upwards turn. Well, then. He might not have heard me, but I was pretty sure Fate had.
Someone deserved a happily ever after.



CHAPTER SIXTEEN


Just as the First finally understood our plans and had ceased with his constant interruptions, the Seventh burst back into the Viewing Room. He was quick to nod his apologies and sat beside the First on the bench, unable to hide his furtive looks of concern over his health.
The First looked worse than when we had woken at Renalda’s that morning, if that was possible, but managed to stay conscious. Even if he denied it, his hair was near black with evidence. Traipsing through the portal had taken its toll, yet he hadn’t paused for rest. Pushing himself too hard, he’d demanded all of the details—more than once, until, if our plans could have been quantified by time, he’d know each and every millisecond by heart.
“You should rest before you collapse,” I said, not caring if he heard the condescension in my tone. How many times had I heard it from him?
He didn’t appreciate it, though. In fact, if I were a bug, he looked like he would spit on me before stomping me under the heel of his sandals. “I’m fine where I am.”
“Suite yourself, but I am not carrying you again.” I shrugged and shifted to face Lachesis. “Who will be in charge while I’m gone?”
“I’m taking care of it,” Lachesis said.
“What?” I must have heard wrong. “The First can command via a mediator, even in his weakened—”
“I will be your mediator.”
“But you aren’t a Brother and I won’t be here.” I met the First’s gaze and felt the floor drop beneath my feet. I didn’t know what he’d done or how he’d managed to change the plans Lachesis and I had crafted, but from the look we shared, I knew that I wasn’t going to like the results.
“Yes, well, the Third is hardly equipped to take charge, and you’ll be gone. The First needs to rest and he won’t get that here,” she said, prim and proper with pursed lips. “Everyone will turn to him so no, he cannot be in charge, even with a mediator, and he can’t stay here with you gone or else he’ll be like prey wild animals stalk during a hunt for survival.”
I turned my full attention back to her. “So you’re saying . . . ?”
“The First will be joining you on your task.” She handed the Seventh three jars of dried blood from Renalda’s land. “Make sure he uses that every night for a week,” she warned, pointing her finger in his face.
“Whoa, wait a minute.” I blinked rapidly and raised my hands in front of me in defense, and then moved them from side-to-side at my waist as though imitating a dancer jiving. “The Seventh, too? I thought this was supposed to be discreet?”
“The First needs to rest and you’ll be too busy with the task to ensure he does what he’s been told. The Seventh is coming to make sure he’s taking care of himself.”
“The trip alone will kill him!” I looked to the First and shrugged without apology. “I’m sorry, but you aren’t well enough to go and I’m not waiting longer to leave so that you may rest first.”
Of all the responses he could have given, the First laughed at me. What the . . . ? Why was he laughing at me? I had been serious!
“Why on Earth are you laughing at me?” I demanded and he laughed some more. “I could insist that you don’t come, you know.”
He stopped laughing when I began joking, and jerked his head to nail me with a sharp gaze. In charge or not, only an idiot would insist anything of the First, and today, that idiot was me.
Time to change the subject.
“So when is he—they—coming?” I asked Lachesis.
She glanced between them. “They will rest tonight and, depending on whether the First is better, perhaps tomorrow night as well.”
At most, that left me two days on my own before the parasites landed. But . . . two days here meant maybe a month and a half alone there. One day . . . less than that, probably twenty-four days if they left at this time tomorrow. Twelve if they left by morning.
“What about the school?” It was a last attempt at a change of outcome. No matter how much I wished it, I couldn’t overrule the First. 
“I will run Glory Academy,” she said, smiling brightly. “My mother is staying a while so it works perfectly.”
“And Sera and Keston?”
She nodded. “They will have their chance, and it will be a fair one.”
“What about . . . doesn’t it hurt you to be around them?”
“You aren’t the only one who Renalda helped, Brother, though my effects won’t last as long, and it didn’t come with any refills,” she said. “Go. I’ll be fine while you make sure the girl reaches her eighteenth birthday. We’ve made sure time didn’t move along at the normal rate during your absence from Alyssa. I believe only a couple weeks have passed in the Mortal Realm to compensate for your time at Glory Academy as a teacher.”
Right then. Well, there went the excuses. I looked at Lachesis, then my brothers, and then nodded with my defeat. Even a day alone with Alyssa was more than I’d had a week ago. A year, though chaperoned, was a fantasy, one which I wasn’t stupid enough to throw away. I helped Sera and Keston, and now it was time to help myself. I would protect Alyssa.
“Fine. Come with me, Lachesis, while I prepare,” I ordered and began walking from the viewing room to my quarters. “We can discuss how to make your role as mediator and school administrator work.” I stopped and looked over my shoulder with a smile. “As soon as I’m gone, get them both some human clothes, preferably jeans so they will fit in.” Sighing, I refocused, and began walking forwards. “They can’t go around the Mortal Realm in robes.”



CHAPTER SEVENTEEN


My plans took a day to implement once I finally arrived in the Mortal Realm later that night. Having taken my first dose of special sauce, I was back to no powers, living with mortals and Alyssa, which made things almost perfect. The only thing that could make it any better was if she knew of my existence—my true identity—and we could be together. That and if she was no longer at risk.
That was the real fantasy, to be together and out of danger, spending time together just because we wanted to instead of protecting her or placing her as the subject matter of another task.
I’d drunk the concoction when I’d arrived in Hidden Springs, but even without my gifts at the ready, I saw her shine. It was so much brighter than before, but still so muted. Her eighteenth birthday was months away, but if it were this bright now . . . ? My stomach turned as I remembered what Lachesis said about Darkness seeking Alyssa out.
Don’t think about it.
So I watched.
I stalked around, following Alyssa like paparazzi without the cameras, though if I had one, I’d gratefully become a shutterbug. She was an obsession I couldn’t break, and if a camera could catch one of the rare smiles that shone from her eyes, it would be worth more than all the clouds in the sky.
On the eleventh day, I watched and waited, just out of sight of her front porch. At noon she came out, pausing to look at her car and then decided to walk, which was good. Easy. I hadn’t wanted to drive the car we’d procured, enjoying the sensations I felt in the Mortal Realm without my powers, but every time she drove, I had to run behind, never quite able to keep up. Unless I could guess her destination, I always lost her until she came home.
Walking behind her came with a great view.
I shook my head. Concentrate on her smile . . . No! Not her slender neck! And don’t you dare think of the blue in her eyes!
I almost ran head-first into a pine tree in my haste not to be seen. Pay attention!
Alyssa stopped in front of a run-down building centered in a huge parking lot, the wind blowing her white-blonde hair around her face as she gazed up at the sign. Gus’s Gym. Huh. Ducking behind a tree when she looked around, I counted to ten before peeping my head out to the side, but kept my arms around the thick trunk. She paused like she wanted to do something she wasn’t supposed to do. After a few minutes, she must have determined she was alone, and she took a deep breath before striding into the building.
I looked back to the sign again and smiled. Gus’s Gym.
Good girl.
Alyssa may be forgetting her experiences with Death and the in-between, but something had stuck, and I was happy it was something that related back to me. Prepare. It’s the only thing that would save her, make her strong enough to survive. The last I saw her in the dream I had been yanked out of, I’d told her to prepare—fight, study . . . live.
“Hey! Brother!”
No. Not yet.
“Hel-lo!”
I turned around and opened my eyes, only realizing I’d closed them when all I faced was darkness. It’s too sunny to be dark! My gaze narrowed on the Seventh, the First trailing slowly behind. It hadn’t even been twelve days! And the First looked like he was about to collapse.
“Raffy!” I nodded to the First and scowled. “Why didn’t you wait until he was rested? I specifically said he couldn’t come until he was fit to travel.”
He looked back with a shrug, turned to me with his hands deep in the front pockets of his jeans, and smiled. “We have to go take possession of the arcade you decided to buy us or we’ll lose it. Apparently, Lachesis says there is another interested party offering a lot of money for it, and it’s in the girl’s best interest that they don’t get to purchase.”
Well damn.
“Fine.” I raised my arm so that it was level with my shoulder and waved as I turned. “Follow me and keep up. The arcade is too essential to our plan to lose.”
If either of them thought they would be interacting with humans, we’d have to discuss their behaviour. Soon.
Or else this would be over before it began.

The End

Please consider posting a review for this novella.



ABOUT THE AUTHOR


Sasha Leigh is a self-diagnosed dreamer. When she isn't stuck in worlds of her own making, listening to characters squabble for attention in her head, she's immersed in stories created by others. A lover of all things "weird", Sasha's world is considered complete when she has her daughter at her side, her sketchpad, notebook, and something to write with - even if it's just a piece of chalk. Working by day in the insurance industry, she spends her evenings and weekends devouring or writing new tales of magic, mythology, and all things supernatural (except dragons). To find out more, visit her website contact page or blog at www.MythicWords.blogspot.ca  for links to social media sites, like Facebook and Twitter.



OTHER BOOKS BY THIS AUTHOR

TWISTED FATE SERIES
(IN READING ORDER)

FATE’S EXCHANGE
PULLED AWAY
FATE’S RETURN
FATE’S DEMAND
FATE’S REVENGE (COMING SOON)
FATE’S DISGUISE (COMING SOON)
FATE’S ESCAPE (COMING SOON)


CAST FROM POWER SERIES
(COMING SOON)

CASTING POWER
CASTING SHADOWS
CASTING LIGHT


FATE’S RETURN


“Something is special about you. I don't know what they know, but you need to prepare. Okay? Can you do that for me?”

David’s words stayed with Alyssa, though she doesn’t remember hearing them, and has forgotten her brush with Death, the in-between, and almost all of her memories of the time that she spent with David. After a year of training, mourning the boy she loved and lost, Alyssa thinks she’s ready for anything. She’s fast, strong, and fearless.

But when strange things begin to happen, Aly thinks she’s lost her mind. How is she supposed to fight something she can’t see? Nothing is as it seems, and she soon realizes everybody has a hidden agenda. The only question is: are they friend or foe?

With new friends and danger lurking in the shadows, Aly doesn’t know who to trust. As her birthday draws near, she needs protection, but feels alone . . . Or is she?

When you can’t trust yourself, who can you turn to?
