Between Two Billionaires


Sky Corgan
Copyright 2014


All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without written permission of the author.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please  purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Smashwords Edition 


CHAPTER ONE


“Eureka! I found it!” Ethel bursts through my bedroom door. A broad smile stretches across her face as if she has the best news in the world.
I groan, turning my computer chair towards her. “Don't you know how to knock?”
Apparently, she doesn't. She's prone to walking into my room whenever she wants, no matter how many times I chastise her about it. You'd think she owned the place. She doesn't own the place. Our parents do. But, if I'm being honest, she was here first. My mom and I moved in a few years ago when our parents finally got married. 
“So.” Ethel sets herself down on my bed, making herself comfortable. “There's this rich guy who is throwing a party this weekend.” She looks at me expectantly, as if she thinks I can read her mind.
“And?” I can't hide the annoyance from my voice. It's not like I was doing anything important. Just chatting online with friends. It's the principal of the matter though. I could have been naked, and she just walked right in like it was nothing.
“That's where I'm going to meet my rich husband.” She does a strange head roll, as if the answer should have been obvious. 
I can't help but laugh. “You do that.”
“I am, and you're coming with me.”
“Oh?” This is news to me. I'm not at all interested, but I know I have no choice but to hear her out. That's what she came here for, to dish out her devious plan.
“Yup. You and Lisa. Maybe we'll all get rich husbands,” she squeals as if she's imagining us all with Prince Charmings on our arms. Sometimes I wonder how she survives, living in such inflated fantasies. Her life is a roller coaster of irrational hope and disappointment. Maybe if she'd just get a job, she wouldn't have to worry about finding a rich husband to support her.
“The rich husband thing is all you.” I smirk, turning my chair to face her. She's not going anywhere any time soon; I can tell.
“Every girl wants a rich husband,” she sighs dreamily.
“If you say so.” There's no point in arguing with her. Then I'd have to sit through a lecture detailing out why marrying rich is the best way to go. The answers are obvious, but that's not what I want for myself. I want to get by on hard work, supporting myself, never having to rely on a man.
“So anyway, you're in, right?” She readjusts herself on the bed, staring at me intently. Her dark eyes are so big, it's hard not to get caught up in her enthusiasm.
“I'm not really interested,” I say hesitantly.
“Girl, you haven't even heard my plan yet.” She flips her hand out at me, throwing her head back in an exaggerated gesture. Such a diva. 
“Enlighten me, then.” I cross my arms over my chest, completely expecting something outlandish.
“Apparently, this guy throws parties every few months. Security is really lax.”
“That doesn't sound like how a rich guy would run things at all. Are you sure you're not talking about a party in the ghetto?” I tease her.
“Would you just shut up and listen to me for half a second.” Her temper flairs. 
I know better than to say anything more, so I simply make a gesture like I'm zipping my lips, smiling all the while. There's a thin line between playing with Ethel and fighting with her. I learned that a long time ago when we first moved in together. Those days were horrible. I can handle her now though.
“Anyway.” She rolls her eyes, sighing out her discontent. It disappears just as quickly as it came on. “I figured that if we pretended to be strippers, we could get in easy-peasy.”
I arch an eyebrow, knowing I'm treading that line with my skepticism. “Me. Pretend to be a stripper.” That's a laugh. I'm the epitome of wholesome. Like, Catholic school girl wholesome, in a very literal sense. Before our parents met, I actually went to an all-female Catholic school. It wasn't until Ethel's father convinced my mom that I needed to learn how to survive the general populous that my mom finally switched me over to a normal public school. I was like such a fish out of water back then, and I honestly don't think I ever really socially adjusted. Maybe that's why I feel so awkward all the time. Oh well. It can't be changed now. All I know is that I took a lot of the values from Catholic school with me. I've only kissed one boy in my entire life, and I wouldn't even dream of having sex outside of wedlock. The idea of dressing up like a stripper just to get into some stupid party is preposterous to me.
“Come on, Sarah, it will be fun.” Ethel scoots closer to me on the bed. “Haven't you ever wanted to look sexy?”
“Nope. Never.” I shake my head. Sexy gives men the wrong impression. Sexy can get you into trouble.
“Ugh. You're so lame.” Frustration takes over the anger she was once displaying. She knows this is a losing battle. I won't budge.
“You have Lisa. You girls go have fun. You can tell me all about it afterward.” I try to calm her with a smile. 
She stands, her body ridged. “You know what, you're never going to experience anything that life has to offer if you keep staying inside this little shell you've created for yourself.” She presses her fingertips together and draws them out and around, creating an invisible shell with her hands.
I'm perfectly fine with my shell, I want to say, but instead, I simply reply, “I know.” There's no point in arguing. 
A vein in her neck bulges. Cruel words are sitting on her tongue. I wait for her to spit them at me, but thankfully, she just shakes her head and leaves, taking the tension in the room with her. I sigh, grateful that it's over. What a stupid thing to argue about. She should know by now that her and I are as different as night and day. The things she's interested in, I'm not, and that includes finding some man to shack up with. 
I sit in silence for a moment, trying not to let the conversation get to me. It's difficult. She may only be my step-sister, but I still want her to like me. Maybe I should try harder. There has to be better ways than this though. 

***

It's Saturday night, and I'm exhausted from a long day working at the coffee shop. Saving up to pay for college is hard. If I had known it was going to be this difficult, to take so long, I would have applied for more scholarships. Coulda, shoulda, woulda. It does no good to think of the past. I've made my own bed, slacked off too much in an attempt to be liked by the kids at school, to try to fit in. Wanting to fit in was a mistake. Now I'm struggling like the rest of them. Lessons learned in youth continue to haunt me as an adult. Now I have to rectify my mistakes. I try not to be unhappy about it, but it's hard sometimes.
I can hear heavy footsteps treading down the hall towards my room. It's Ethel. I don't even need to wonder what's coming next. No one walks that heavily in this house when they're angry but her. I turn my computer chair towards the door before she even has a chance to barge in on me unannounced.
“You're not going to believe this,” she growls, slamming my door behind herself. I can't help but wince. This is a ragefit that I have absolutely nothing to do with, but I'm about to feel the brunt of it. 
“Tell me all about it.” I reach over and pat my bed, trying to be supportive.
From what I can tell, Lisa and her must have gotten into a fight right before they were supposed to leave for the party. Ethel looks stunning in a short red dress that compliments her mocha skin. I love her skin. It's so dark and smooth and flawless. She's a gorgeous girl, and men generally flock after her, but she doesn't want anyone who doesn't have money, no matter how nice he is. I'm still not completely sure why she's like this. It's not like she grew up in the ghetto. It's not like her father never had money. He's a dentist, and he's always spoiled her. Maybe she's just used to it. Maybe she thinks that's the way all men should treat her.
“That bitch bailed on me at the last fucking minute,” she seethes, dropping herself heavily onto my bed and crossing her arms over her chest. I admire her nail polish. It matches the dress perfectly, as does her lipstick, heels, and ear rings. I've never seen a stripper look so high class.
“I'm sorry, Ethel.”
Her voice softens into sympathy, and she averts her eyes. “She's sick. She really wanted to make it. Got ready and everything. But then she started throwing up.”
“That's horrible.” I know where this is about to lead. She's trying to hide her anger and getting ready to start pouting in hopes that I'll join her. It's not happening. “You said the guy throws a party every few months. There's always next time.”
“Next time,” she huffs. “I don't think I can wait a few more months to get out of this hell hole.” She looks around my room as if it's a dump. Sometimes I wonder if she realizes how easy we actually have it. Probably not, if she's acting so childish. 
“You've waited this long,” I sigh, trying not to show my disapproval at her attitude. It's hard though. Unlike her, my mother and I struggled for several years while her and my biological father were divorced. If it wasn't for my grandmother paying for my admission into Catholic school, that wouldn't have even happened.
“Sarah, you don't understand,” Ethel insists. “I went all out for this party. I bought this dress, and I even had business cards made for us.”
“Business cards?” I quirk an eyebrow.
“Yeah.” She digs in her purse and pulls out a billfold, opening it and extracting several business cards. She hands them over to me, and I look at the embossed front. It shows a picture of a girl hanging off of a pole with the words At Your Service Strippers. 
I scowl as I read the fake name of the company. “Could you have picked anything filthier for a name?”
“Yeah, I could have,” the heat in her voice returns. “I could have picked Tits in Your Face or Naked Bitches.”
I roll my eyes, handing the cards back to her. “Well, I'm sorry this isn't going to happen for you.”
She takes the cards and puts them back in her billfold, trying desperately to temper her frustration at me. “It can still happen if you come with me.”
“I think you'd do better as a lone stripper.” It's both a suggestion and a mockery at the same time. 
“Strippers don't show up alone, fool.” She glares at me.
“Maybe they do for rich guys.”
“I think there's a rule against it.” She scratches her head. “Safety in numbers, and all.”
“Don't know. Don't care. Not going.” I roll my chair back around to face my computer, indicating that the conversation is over.
“Are you seriously just going to sit here and play on your fucking computer all night?” She gestures to the screen. “There's a whole world out there, Sarah, and you're just letting it pass you by.”
“We're done,” my voice is measured.
I can feel her icy gaze on my backside. The tension in the room is getting thick, and I'm beginning to worry it might suffocate me. Hopefully, she'll leave soon.
“Please, Sarah,” she begs.
“No.” I'm unwavering.
“I've got a really cute dress you can wear,” her tone lifts, trying to convince me with kindness.
“Not interested.”
“I'll show you.” She stands up and leaves, matching my stubbornness. Now, more than ever, I wish there were locks on the doors. Her father removed them because Ethel kept locking her door and sneaking out of the house when we were younger. Even though we're adults now, he hasn't put the locks back on. Maybe I should ask, next time I think about it. That would stop her from barging into my room all the time. 
Ethel returns several minutes later holding a baby blue dress on a hanger. I turn to look at it, and I feel a heaviness in my chest. She knows I love the dress. I've told her that every time I've seen her wear it. Secretly, I've always wanted to try it on, but Ethel is a real bitch when it comes to sharing clothes. The fact that she's presenting me with it speaks volumes about how much going to this party means to her.
“You'll look stunning in it,” she emphasizes the word stunning. “You can wear these too.” She lifts up a pair of matching heels.
Crap. This is the one and only time she'll ever offer to let me try the dress on, and if I put it on, it means that I'll be obligated to go. Backing out afterward will lead straight into a fight that might blow the roof off the house, and I really don't want that.
“I don't know.” I bite my bottom lip.
She knows I'm caving, and she pushes even harder. “Look. It's long enough to be modest. Besides, it's not like we're really going to be stripping. We're just going to use the cards to get in, and then we're going to hang out and have a good time. You don't even have to socialize if you want. You can find a corner to sulk in until it's time to leave.” The corner of her lip quirks up into a smirk.
“So you weren't really planning on stripping?” I ask, hopeful.
“Girl, I'll do what I have to do. That doesn't mean you've got to though. If someone asks us to strip, you can just pretend to get sick. I'll do all the work.” She gives me a confident nod. The idea of watching her strip makes me stomach turn. I wouldn't be able to hang for that. I just know it.
I give the dress a longing look. It's cute, with a knee-length skirt, cap sleeves, and white lace embroidery on top. Nothing that a stripper would wear. I want to try it on so badly. 
“Come on, Sarah. It's just one night. You can help your sister out for one night.” She lays on the puppy eyes. 
“Fine,” I sigh, caving. What did I just get myself into?
She squeals, absolutely delighted. “Yes! Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thanks you. You won't regret this. We're going to have the best night ever!”
How wrong she was. 


CHAPTER TWO


I feel like a doll standing there in front of my closet mirror with Ethel fidgeting with the dress. It fits me like a glove. A well-tailored glove. I paired it with white stockings, flat ironed my hair, and did my make-up in neutral tones, despite Ethel's insistence that I wear smokey eyes and bright-red lipstick. 
“You look like you're getting ready to go to church,” she grumbles at my reflection.
“I think it looks nice.” I smile at myself.
“Of course, you would.” She rolls her eyes. “I suppose it doesn't matter, as long as you go.”
“Be thankful I agreed.” I turn to remind her.
“I know, and I am. I just wish you'd at least change out of those granny panties you always wear. We're supposed to be sexy.”
“What does it matter? We're not actually going to strip.” I give her a skeptical look.
“Whatever. I was just trying to make you feel sexy. Come on.” She grabs my arm and practically drags me out of the bedroom.
When we get to the end of the hall, she places a manicured finger over her lips, shushing me before she looks around the corner to see if our parents are in the living room watching television. Oh great. Are we sneaking out too? I don't have time to object before she straightens herself and pulls me into the garage. The coast is clear. Smooth sailing so far.
We climb into her car, and she peels out of the driveway. I give her a look of disbelief as she curls her fingers tighter around the steering wheel, focusing on the road.
“Are you not supposed to be going out or something?” I ask.
“You know how my dad is. Always so nosy.” She furrows her brows, probably thinking of past conversations.
We drive in silence the rest of the way. I spend half the time staring out the window at the passing houses and businesses, and the other half looking at my own reflection. I look so pale. That could be because of my nervousness. There's a pit in my stomach filled with butterflies that are moving around, anxiously waiting to take flight. It will happen the moment we pull up in front of the mansion. They only grow more restless the closer we get.
We pull into Crestwind, the neighborhood where all the rich people in the city live. The houses get larger the further into the neighborhood we go, grander and more spaced out, with vast lawns and immaculate landscaping. Finally, we reach a sprawl of curb-parked cars. We're here.
“Let me do all the talking,” Ethel says as she swings into a space between a Porsche and a Mercedes. As I look at the row of expensive cars in front of us, I wonder if we should create stripper names. Don't strippers usually use car makes for their stage names?
I want to ask, but some of the butterflies have taken flight and drifted up towards my throat, rendering me speechless. Nerves. They make me brain-dead. I'll have to rely on Ethel to get us through this. And if it fails . . . I can't help but wonder what the consequences will be.
“Come on.” Ethel opens her car door, motioning out with her head before she follows it.
I take a deep breath and step into the heat of summer. Ethel clicks the automatic door locks, and I look back at the car as we walk towards the house. In the line of expensive cars, hers seems only slightly out of place.
Once we get in sight of security, Ethel straightens herself and takes the lead. The security guy is huge, at least seven feet tall and muscular enough to scare any fully grown man. He looks intimidating, his dark beady eyes baring down on us without so much as a smile.
“Name?” he says plainly, staring at Ethel without emotion.
“We're the strippers,” she replies with confidence.
“Name?” he repeats. Darn. I knew her stupid plan wouldn't work. We should just leave now.
Ethel isn't giving up. She pulls her purse over her shoulder and rummages through it for one of the fake cards. Once she's found it, she hands it over to him. 
He flips the card over in his hand, analyzing it. Then he looks Ethel up and down before his eyes move to me. When he sees what I'm wearing, he smirks. I look like an angel standing next to the devil. The sweet to Ethel's sexy.
“Go on in.” He hands the card back.
Relief rushes through me as we head into the house, though it's quickly replaced with near debilitating social anxiety at the sheer number of people here. This isn't a party like anything I've ever seen before. Most of the guest list is male, and most of them are wearing business suits. Ethel and I look completely out of place.
We stand in the grand foyer for several minutes soaking in the scene. If Ethel has ever smiled broader, I can't remember a time. This is exactly what she wanted, and I helped her to get it. 
She turns to me with a grin. “Nice, right?”
“I guess.” I shrug. Not as nice as staying home. 
“Alright. Well, thanks for helping me get in. This is where we part ways. I'll meet you right here at 2AM or whenever the party is over.”
My mouth falls open. “Are you seriously planning on staying that long? You know I have to work tomorrow night.”
“Live a little, Sarah,” she tells me as she backs into the crowd, waving at me as if she just got one over on me. 
When she disappears into the sea of people, I start looking for somewhere to sit where I won't be noticed. Luckily, there's lots of seating. Chairs everywhere, but really no place out of the way. I eventually find a wall to lean against that's kind of away from everyone. It's the best hiding spot I'll find, but still not good enough.
Waiters keep coming by and asking me if I want food or something to drink. While I am hungry, I'd feel bad taking food that's not meant for me, so I respectfully decline. Again. And again. And again.
By about the fifth time one of the waiters comes up to, the glasses of champagne they carry on their platters are starting to look really good. I'm a ball of misery and nerves, watching the clock on the wall across from me, willing time to pass faster. It doesn't though. The minutes feel like hours.
Finally, someone else takes notice of me. Not a waiter, but a gentleman in a tailored suit. He's handsome, but there's a strange glassiness about his eyes that indicates he's had a little too much to drink. 
“I haven't seen you here before,” he comments in a rather flirtatious tone.
My heart drops to my feet as I begin to fear discovery. Apparently, this guy knows who attends these parties, and he knows I don't belong. Ethel will be pissed if I get us kicked out. I have to say something.
“I'm here with my sister,” is all I can manage to stutter.
“I would have recognized a gem like you.” He completely ignores my words, approaching me and resting his forearm against the wall next to my shoulder, making me feel caged in.
“I need to use the restroom.” I leave my hiding spot to go anywhere else that he isn't. Thankfully, he doesn't give chase. I glance over my shoulder, and he's already moved on. 
In truth, I have no idea where the bathroom is, and I'm too afraid to ask anyone, so I just search for another wall to blend into. If you looked up the word wallflower in the dictionary right now, I think there would be a picture of me beside it. I'm literally trying to blend in with the wall, like paint. 
It's going on eleven o'clock when I hear a ruckus in the middle of, what I assume is, the living room. There's cheering and whistling and clapping. It's too far away for me to see what's going on, and part of me doesn't even care. That changes when I see a man in a business suit headed straight for me. He's all smiles and glassy eyes and pure happiness.
My heart speeds up as he approaches, and I silently pray that he'll divert at the last minute, but he doesn't. He grabs my arm and pulls me towards the commotion, and though I resist and try to get away, he doesn't let go.
“Let go of me. What are you doing?” I stumble behind him, feeling like I might vomit out my heart the closer we get to the crowd.
“The strippers are here,” he announces. 
The crowd breaks so that we can walk through, and I'm swung over next to Ethel, who looks every bit as joyful as those around us. She's playing the part of the stripper, doing a sexy little dance to entice the men. She hardly notices I've joined her. She definitely doesn't notice the horrified look on my face.
“Come on, girls. Take it all off!” one of the guys yells. The others join in chanting “Take it off! Take it off!”
My eyes dance around the crowd. We're completely surrounded by horny drunk men. It's my worst nightmare come to life. Ethel is pandering to the crowd, but I'm just standing there, frozen in place.
Many of the guys stare at me, expecting me to do something. One even reaches out and tugs at the sleeve of my dress. I recoil closer to Ethel. It's then that she acknowledges me. She wraps her hands around my shoulders, pulling me to her and whispering into my ear sternly, “Just follow my lead. You'll be fine.”
I turn towards her the second she lets me go, watching her. She dances to the music booming through the house, swaying her hips and rolling her head and doing all these sexual moves I could never master in a million years. Then she grabs the bottom of her dress and starts slowly pulling it up over her hips. Her matching red panties come into view, and I know I can't watch anymore. This isn't me. I have to escape.
I feel hands sliding around my waist, and every warning alarm planted inside my head in Catholic school suddenly goes off at once. I turn and push my way through the crowd. Hell, I barrel through it, not caring who I step on or offend. This is a bad situation, and I need to get out of it as quickly as possible. I know what happens when men get like this, and it's not good.
It takes me a moment to push through the crowd. Hands grope at me, but I slap them away. What they want, I'm not going to give. I don't care if I have to walk home. I'm not staying in this house a moment longer.
Finally, I break free of the group of horny men. As soon as there's enough of a clearing, I take off running, accidentally stepping out of one of my heels. By the time I turn around to retrieve it, there are people blocking it from view. It's not worth going back for. Ethel will be pissed that I lost it, but at this point, I'd rather deal with her wrath then the consequences of staying in this house.
I take my other shoe off and continue sprinting towards the door. People give me queer looks, but I don't care. They belong here. I don't. They don't have to understand that. They can talk about the strange girl running through the house later. It makes no difference to me. 
Once the foyer is in sight, I turn back for a split second to look for Ethel, and my body collides with what feels like a brick wall. I lose my balance, fall back onto my ass, and champagne goes all over Ethel's blue dress and me. My mind can only process it landing on the dress. It's more fuel for the fire I'll feel from her later. 
It takes a few seconds for me to realize that I ran right into one of the waiters carrying the champagne glasses. Naturally, with my luck, most of it fell on me. The guy scowls at me before he kneels to pick up the pieces of broken glass. There's no concern for me whatsoever on his face. In fact, I'm surprised that he doesn't cuss me out for not watching where I was going.
“Cinderella,” a man calls behind me. I die a little more inside. Why can't they just leave me alone?
I twist around to see a handsome stranger holding my other shoe. His blue eyes are not glassy at all. In fact, they have surprising clarity behind them. He reaches down to help me off the floor before presenting the shoe to me, holding out his palm and resting it on top while grasping the strap with his other hand so that it sits upright.
“You lost your slipper,” he says with a charming smirk. 
I move to take it from him, but he quickly withdraws. Great. Another asshole. Just as I thought. 
“Your dress is soaked. Let me get you something to change into.” He motions back into the house with his head.
“I'm fine. Thanks.” I do my best to seem grateful instead of annoyed. This is like one of those horror movies where the heroine is about to escape and then the house sucks her back in. 
The guy quirks an eyebrow at me. “Do you seriously want to get in your car smelling like that?”
I never really thought about it, probably because I don't even have the keys to Ethel's car. I didn't think about what I would do once I got outside. 
“I'm not getting in a car,” I tell him, though I know it's a lie. I'm grasping for any excuse to get away.
“Then how are you planning on getting home?”
“That's none of your concern,” my voice darkens as I stare at the shoe he's holding.
“Come on. I've got something you can change into.” He motions back toward the living room and then starts walking away from me.
I stare at the shoe in his hand as it gets further away. I've messed up the dress, but I can still save the shoes. Maybe I should go after him. Besides, I really don't want to spend the next hour or so soaked to the bone in alcohol. 
The guy is almost out of sight when I finally decide to follow him. This is a mistake. I already know that. But stupid seems to be on the menu tonight.
I'm surprised when he leads me to the bottom of the staircase. There's a security guard standing sentry there, not allowing the party goers to go up, but he waves the guy through. The alarms inside my head go off again as he ascends the stairs with my shoe in hand. I've watched enough movies to know what happens if you go upstairs with a guy at a party. This is something I definitely don't want.
My heart drops as I realize I have to let the shoe go. With a heavy sigh, I stand there and sulk for a few moments. 
The guy stops and turns to look at me. “Are you coming?”
“No.” I shake my head.
“Come on. I have some clothes for you up here.”
“I know what happens to girls who go upstairs with strange men.” My words sound immature and a bit pathetic, not to mention laced with depression. I don't care though. This night has been horrible. I can't hide all the negative emotions going through me anymore. I'm sure that as soon as I get outside, I'm going to have a good cry.
“They get a change of clothing.” He raises an eyebrow at me, acting oblivious.
“That's not why you want me to go upstairs with you.” I wrap my arms around myself protectively, refusing to look at him.
“Would it make you feel safer if I promise we won't have sex?” He takes a step back down the stairs.
“Not really.”
“Well, if you want this,” he raises the shoe up, “and some dry clothes, then you'll come.”
I want both, but it's not worth the price. He could just as easily bring the clothes down here and show me where the bathroom is, but he won't do it. That means he has other intentions.
“Thanks, but no thanks.” I turn, preparing to leave.
The guy quickly descends the rest of the stairs, reaching out to grab my hand. My eyes land on our joined hands, and I scowl. “Let me go.” I jerk away from him. He doesn't resist.
“Hey.” He calls my attention up to his face. His expression is gentle and sincere. “I'm not going to hurt you, and I'm not going to do anything to you that you don't want. I promise. I just thought we'd go upstairs because changing takes a while, and both restrooms downstairs have a line to them.”
When he puts it that way, it does make more sense. The house is packed, and if there are only two restrooms downstairs, then I imagine they would be crowded. There are a lot of people drinking, and that means a lot of people who need to use the restroom.
I hesitate, exploring his face for any signs of deception. It's always the nice guys who are the worst. And this guy seems way too nice. He retrieved my shoe. He helped me up off the floor. He offered me clothes to change into. And now he's offering me a private place to change. The warning alarms are still going off, but I decide to trust him anyway.
“Alright,” I reply timidly. 
My heart is racing as I follow him into the unknown. Up here, I'm not safe. I know that. He could do things to me, and it's highly likely that no one would hear me cry for help. Even if they did, would anyone come? It's doubtful.
He opens a door at the end of the hallway, and we step inside. As I feared, it's a bedroom. My stomach churns unpleasantly as I consider the possibility of being trapped with a man who could easily overpower me. It doesn't help that he closed the door behind us.
I fidget with the strap on my other shoe as the man breaks away from me and goes to rummage through one of the drawers. It doesn't take long before he has two articles of clothing in hand. He returns to me, holding up a white T-shirt and a red pair of shorts. “They're not your size, but they'll do. The shorts have a tie on them, so you should be able to make them fit.”
“Thanks.” I reach out to take the clothes from him, but he recoils, the same way he did with my shoe earlier. It's then that I realize he conveniently left it on the dresser. 
A devious smirk crosses his lips as he walks over to a chair in the corner of the room and sits down with both garments in hand. I give him a confused look. 
“Strip,” the word is cold and unmistakable.
“What?” My stomach rolls. Of course, this guy is a creep. They say that if it seems too good to be true, it probably is. I should have listened to those warning alarms going off earlier and just left. 
“You didn't really think I brought you up here just for a change of clothes, did you?” his tone darkens. “You're a stripper, so strip.”
My jaw tenses in anger and disgust. What a pig. 
“I don't feel good,” I lie. “Why do you think I was leaving? If I felt like stripping, I would have done it downstairs.” My words are calculated. I have to get myself out of this situation and save Ethel's night at the same time. It's a real pain.
“You don't seem ill.” He's not convinced. 
“Well, I am.” I hug myself, glaring at him.
“This is the trade. If you want the clothes and the shoe, you give me a private strip tease.” He makes it sound like a compromise, but it's not. I lose, either way. 
“You know what? Forget it.” I throw my hands up at him before turning around to stomp out of the room.
He's on his feet in an instant, closing the distance between us, his hand wrapping tightly around my wrist, keeping me from leaving. He pulls me back to him until we're facing each other, our bodies dangerously close. His eyes are filled with lust. If I wasn't so frightened, I might be attracted to him. But he's all predator right now. Just as dangerous as the monsters downstairs. 
I'm terrified. I'm not sure whether to scream or strike him. If I strike him, I'll surely go to jail. I'm not even supposed to be here. But I can't possibly give in to his demand. That's not who I am. I'd rather end up in jail than defiled by some stranger.
We stand in a stalemate for several moments. I try to pull my arm away from him, but he doesn't let go. His eyes move over my face, falling to my lips. 
“You're scaring me,” I whimper. As if in time with my words, I begin to shake, the adrenaline and fear too much for my body to handle. 
He lets go of me immediately, taking a step back. The lust leaves his expression and is replaced by a look of concern.
“I'm sorry,” he stutters, casting his eyes to the floor in shame for a few brief seconds. “Turn around,” he tells me, retreating toward the chair where he left the clean clothes he found for me.
“Why?”
“Just do it,” his voice is firm.
This is the moment I should run. I know that. He's planning something horrible for me. That's just the way men like him are. They think they can do whatever they want because they have money. I need to run, but instead, I obey.
“Are you going to let me go?” I ask.
“Yes, but not yet.” His footsteps move away from me, and then I hear him returning. The closer he gets, the faster my heart beats. “Take off your dress,” he tells me.
“No.” My anxiety compounds with his words. Why won't he let me leave? I just want to leave.
“I'm not going to hurt you. I'm not even going to look at you. You don't have to turn around.” There's no sexuality in his tone.
“I want to leave,” I whisper, feeling my eyes begin to water. I'd been trying to hold back the flood of emotion sloshing inside of me, but it seems it's finally made it to the surface. I'm only a few minutes short of being a blabbering mess. 
“Take off your dress. I'm not letting you leave until you do as I say.”
“You said you wouldn't do anything I didn't want to do.” I stare at the door, feeling my feet itching to run.
“You'll do this.” He's so close. So threateningly close.
I stand there for several moments, feeling my heart drumming against my chest. With the door closed, the music is partially drowned out. All other noise amplifies with the intensity of the situation. His breathing. My breathing. 
If I run, I fear he'll give chase. I fear he'll rape me. I should probably do what he says, but I don't want to.
It takes everything in me to drop the shoe I've been holding and force my hands to the bottom of my dress. Tears cascade down my cheeks as I think of Ethel disrobing downstairs. All the men were looking at her. But she wanted them to see her like that. I don't want this man to see me in my underwear. What choice do I have though?
Every inch of skin I expose makes me feel filthier. The material slides over my back, the cool air in the room making me shiver that much more. I've never let a man see me in my underwear before. This stranger is violating me. He's destroying my soul.
I toss the dress to the floor, letting it crumple on top of the shoe. My face is set into a deep frown. I hate the world right now. Hate Ethel for her stupid idea. Hate this man for what he's about to do to me. Most of all though, I hate myself for agreeing to come to this party in the first place.
“Lift your arms,” the man says.
I do as I'm told. What does it matter anymore anyway? I'm trapped. It's game over for me. All I can do is bend to his will.
To my surprise, I feel something soft touch my hands. I look up to see the T-shirt the man had been holding. He guides my hands through the sleeves and pulls it down over my body, shielding my nakedness. I'm confused and relieved at the same time. What is he doing?
“Lift your legs, one at a time,” he tells me.
When I do, he slides the shorts on me, pulling them all the way up to my waist. My breath hitches as he wraps his arms around me to pull the drawstring in the front and tighten them. Our bodies are pressed together, and I can feel the hardness of his arousal on my backside. He doesn't molest me though. He simply ties the strings in place before stepping away. I glance over my shoulder, watching him return to the dresser to retrieve my shoe. 
Once he has it in hand, he catches me looking at him. “You can turn around now.” I bite my bottom lip as he approaches, facing him. He kneels in front of me with the shoe in hand. “Let's see if the slipper fits, Cinderella.” He positions the shoe on the floor, and I step into it. Then he fastens the strap on the back before grabbing my other shoe and doing the same thing. When he's finished, he stands up with a soft smile. “There, all done.”
I study his face for a moment. This isn't the same man I was with just moments ago. It can't be. This man is sweet and gentle and kind. What he just did was completely unexpected.
“Thank you,” I manage to say.
“You're welcome,” he exhales deeply. “I'm sorry I frightened you. That was never my intention.”
My eyes fall to Ethel's blue dress on the floor. I quickly bend to pick it up. “Well, I should be going now.”
“You should stay and hang out with me for a while.”
“No. I need to get home.” I shake my head. This night has been too bizarre. And to be honest, I'll feel a lot better once I'm out of his bedroom and this house.
“Then let me call you a cab,” he offers.
“You can call me a cab, but that's not my name,” I joke stupidly.
“What is your name then?” His face brightens.
“It's not important.” I avert my eyes, wishing I hadn't tried to be playful.
“It's important to me.” He's staring at me again. His blue eyes are so intense, it's as if they're looking right into my soul. 
“I don't have enough money for a taxi,” I confess.
“I suppose that makes sense.” He grins slightly. “A stripper who doesn't strip doesn't get paid, does she?” I can't tell if he's teasing or not, but it makes me uncomfortable. “Don't worry about it. I'll take care of the bill.”
“That's awfully generous of you.” I can't help but wonder if that's another offer with an obligation attached. I probably shouldn't be taking charity from him.
“I'm a generous man,” he replies proudly.
“Well, I guess I'll go wait downstairs for it then.” I need to get away from him. He makes me so unbelievably nervous.
“You could wait up here with me.” He looks around the room.
“I'd rather not. No offense.” I shy away from him, taking a step towards the door.
“Alright then. I won't force you to keep me company.” He sweeps around me to open the door.
When I step outside the room, it feels like oxygen rushes in to fill my lungs. It was so stifling in there with him. Perhaps I forgot to breath.
I give him a timid glance before I head toward the staircase. I expect him to follow, but he stays on the top floor, leaning over the balcony. I keep going, hoping that I can make it to the front door without further incident. 
When I reach the foyer, I glance back up at the balcony. He's still standing there, staring at me. I return my attention to the door and walk out of the house, thankful to be free of it. I take long strides down to the street, not caring about the strange glances people are giving me. In my new wardrobe, I look completely out of place. I am out of place though. I never should have come here.
Oh crap, I hope he doesn't want his clothes back. I never even thought to ask him. I was so obsessed with getting away. I'll just mail them back to him. Without a return address, of course.
When I get to the bottom of the driveway, I pull my phone out of my purse and type the street number of the house into my notes program, then I sit on the curb and wait for the taxi to arrive. Thankfully, I don't have to wait long. It shows up in about five minutes. I climb inside and watch as the house moves further out of view, grateful that this horrible night is over. 


CHAPTER THREE


When I get home, I text Ethel to let her know I left the party, then I take a shower and promptly crawl into bed. I'm absolutely exhausted, but that doesn't keep me from dreaming. The night is filled with thoughts of the handsome stranger and all the scenarios that could have happened. My subconscious mind gives over to desire freely. I picture what he looks like naked, what our bodies would feel like entwined. It's sinfully delicious and oh so wrong. 
When I wake the next morning, I realize that he's not the monster I made him out to be. Things could have gone so much worse. He could have taken what he wanted, and there wouldn't have been anything I could do about it. But he didn't. He overcame his basal nature to show me compassion. 
I lay on my back for several moments, thinking about him, wishing we would have at least traded names. It doesn't matter now. That's in the past, and it's better left there. Today I return to my normal life—my boring safe normal life.
I put thoughts of the stranger behind me and wonder instead about what happened with Ethel. For a moment, I think about peeking inside her bedroom to see if she's there, but if I did that, and she saw, we would fight. As convoluted as it is, she's allowed to barge into my room whenever she wants, but I'm not even allowed to look inside of hers. And heaven help me if I wake her up. It's always just easier to let her come to me instead.
So I wait. And I wait, and I wait. And eventually it's time to get ready for work. About an hour before I'm supposed to leave, she finally comes plodding into my room uninvited, as usual. There's a tired but happy look on her face. The night must have gone well for her.
“Did you just get home?” I ask.
“Nah. I got home around 5AM. I've just been sleeping all day.” She drops herself heavily onto the corner of my bed.
“I'm glad I took a taxi home then,” I sigh, trying to hide my disappointment in her.
“Why did you leave?” She lays back, making herself comfortable.
“It's a long story, and it all started with you stripping in the middle of that room.” The smile that crosses my face is completely sarcastic. Blaming her for anything is a recipe for disaster, but it's just so hard not to. If it wasn't for her stupid plan . . . That guy flashes through my mind. It seems like every time I think about him, he gets more and more handsome. What's wrong with me?
“I knew you were going to bail.” She waves her hand at me absentmindedly.
“I met someone,” the words sound foreign coming from my lips—and like a lie. I'm making it seem like I met some amazing Prince Charming, not a shady guy who wanted me to strip in his bedroom for him.
“Oh?” She props herself up on her arms in interest. “Tell me about him.”
“He was . . . handsome. And intense.” I picture the man's stunning blue eyes and the way he looked at me. At the time, I was too afraid to appreciate it. No man has ever looked at me in that way before.
“Well I met a whole lot of guys,” she ignores my need to talk about this, insistent on one-upping me. She's always been like this though. I don't know why I try to talk to her about things to begin with. She's a horrible listener. 
I reciprocate her interest, letting her words go right through me as she yammers on about this guy and that guy. It's not until she tells me she made over three grand in tips that I actually start to pay attention.
“Holy hell. Really?” My eyes widen at the sum.
“Mhm. I'm a damn good stripper.” She bobs her head with attitude. “That haul was so good, I'm thinking about doing it professionally.”
“Your father would be so proud.” I roll my eyes at her.
“Whatever, Miss Morals. It's better than working at some crappy job like yours. Miss Barista. You enjoy your bullshit minimum wage. I'm going to go make some real money.” She pushes herself off my bed to leave. I'm thankful. We're one hair away from fighting. In fact, the only thing keeping us from it is the fact that I'm biting my tongue. “Where's my dress?” she barks at me before she leaves.
“I'm having mom take it to the cleaners. I accidentally spilled some champagne on it.” I try to twist the truth so that she won't freak out.
She huffs, putting her hands on her hips. “See, this is the kind of thanks I get. I take you out to have a wonderful night, let you borrow my dress, and you go and get it all filthy. Let's see if I let you borrow anything of mine ever again.”
My eyes water involuntarily at her harsh comment. Maybe I'm not completely over the emotional overload from last night. As soon as she sees she's hurt me, she leaves, satisfied with herself. I sit there and cry silently until it's time to go to work. Then I pull myself together and head out for another night of minimum wage labor, keeping in mind what I'm actually doing it for. 

***

Life returns to normal. Ethel gets over being angry at me for messing up her dress. Mom has it dry cleaned fairly promptly, so that helps. I return the heels to Ethel, and we make peace. I'm just glad it's all over. Hopefully, she'll never ask me to do something like that again. 
I'm working an early shift at the coffee shop. The morning rush has just passed, so I'm taking time to restock the baked goods. It's hard not to want to eat everything in sight. We have bear claws and muffins and cake pops. It all looks so yummy.
I'm lost in thought, trying to get the display just right. I'm anal like that. Everything has to line up perfectly. Apparently, I'm too into my job, because I don't even notice a customer walking up. He taps on the glass to get my attention. When I lift my eyes to look at him, my heart falls to my feet. Those blue eyes.
He seems equally surprised to see me, but as soon as that passes, he smiles broadly. “Is this your day job?”
“It's my only job.” I scowl at him, though I don't know why. Maybe I should keep my mouth shut, but now that I'm not upstairs in his bedroom, I feel a lot safer about telling the truth.
“Now you're being honest,” he quips.
“What do you want?” I close the display case door and move over to man the register.
He pulls his wallet out of his pocket and opens it up, extracting a card and tossing it out on the counter between us. It's the At Your Service Strippers business card Ethel made for us. My cheeks heat up as I look at it.
“I called the number on this. It belongs to a residence,” he tells me.
“That's because it's fake,” I confess, taking the card, ripping it into pieces, and quickly throwing it in the trash before anyone can see it.
“You know that fraud is a criminal offense. So is trespassing.” My chest tightens from his words. Is he actually threatening to call the police on me? 
“It wasn't my idea to be there,” it's the only thing I can think of to counter with, and it's hardly believable.
“No. I don't imagine it was. Last I remember, you tried to flee the scene as soon as the actual stripping began. Isn't that right, Cinderella?” He glances down at my name tag, and I weakly move to cover it with my hand. What does it matter if he knows my name now? It's not like it will hurt for him to know it . . . unless he's trying to figure out who to tell the cops to come pick up after he calls them.
“Can we not talk about that,” I grumble. “I just want to forget the entire night.”
“Shame. I rather enjoyed myself, Sarah.” My name sounds strange on his lips. When my eyes flit up to meet his, he's gazing at me intensely. It's intimidating and a bit disturbing. Every time he looks at me like that, I want to cower. 
“What do you want?” I grab an empty coffee cup from the cup rack, preparing to write down his order. I need a distraction. Any kind of distraction.
He snaps out of his trance, looking up at our drink menu. “What do you normally have?”
I turn toward the menu as well, though I know the whole thing by heart. Heck, I've been working here since high school. If I didn't know all the drinks on the menu by now, I'd be in trouble. “I usually have the caramel decaf iced coffee. Sometimes I get the chai tea.”
“I don't think I could handle decaf.” He shakes his head.
I stare at him for a moment. The mouthy part of me wants to gritch about why he asked in the first place, but I refrain. That wouldn't be very good customer service.
“I'll take a large caramel iced coffee with a double shot of espresso and your phone number,” he says finally.
I begin writing his order on the cup and then pause when he gets to the and your phone number part. “What?” I look up at him stupidly. 
“I can't ask you out on a date if I don't have your phone number,” he says matter-of-factually.
I set the cup down on the counter, steadying myself against it as I use my other hand to brush a strand of hair behind my ear. My cheeks are warm. For a split second, I wonder if I heard him right. “You want to ask me out on a date?” 
“Mhm. Did I stutter? Because I don't think I did.” 
“Now you're being rude.” I avert my eyes.
He guffaws. “Is there no pleasing you?”
I'm not sure what to say, so I say nothing. As excited as I am at the prospect of seeing him again, the timid part of me just wants him to go away. Being around him seems to turn my life upside down.
“I'd like to take you out on a date, Sarah. The least you can do is accept after you broke into my house and lied to me.” His lips curl into a confident smile. He knows he has me. How can I say no?
If nothing else, the fear of going to jail causes me to respond with a quiet, “Okay.”
“Excellent. You can jot your number down on my receipt. Here's mine.” He thumbs through his wallet to pull out another business card, tossing it on the counter between us. “That's my card. And yes, it's a real business card. My cell phone number is on the back.” He smirks. 
I quirk my head to look at the card, since it landed sideways, as if touching it will give me some kind of skin disease. The card is surprisingly plain, with the words Locke Aircraft in the middle and a name on either side. On the left side is Shawn Locke. On the right is Tristan Locke. “Which one are you?” I ask.
“I'm Tristan.”
“Shawn is your father?” I take a guess.
“My brother,” he sighs. I can't tell if he's annoyed at my questions or if there's something more behind it. 
“Well, Tristan, I'm Sarah. It's nice to finally trade names.” I offer him a weak smile.
“Indeed.” His expression brightens as I show him the first sign of kindness since we began talking.
“I suppose you want that coffee now.” I pick up his cup, writing his name on it.
“That would be nice. You're going to make it for me, right?”
“Y-yes. Why?” I quirk an eyebrow at him.
“Cause that would make it extra special.” He winks, and I can't help but laugh at how cheesy he's being.
“Alright, Tristan Locke, I'll go make you a special coffee.” I turn around with his cup, grinning like an idiot. Only a few minutes ago, I would have wanted to make it special by spitting in it, but he's such a charmer. And he's definitely every bit as handsome as I remember. Well groomed blonde hair that's slicked to the side. Amazing blue eyes. He's tall and broad with the slightest five o'clock shadow. If I had met him anywhere other than that party, I might have been smitten with him right away. As it is, I'm still a bit wary of him, but my guard is slowly coming down. 
I'm all smiles while I'm making his coffee, still in disbelief that he asked me out on a date. Will it really be okay? He tried to make me strip for him in his bedroom, but at the time, he thought I was a stripper, so is it really that odd? Still, it speaks about the kind of man he is. He's the kind of man who hires strippers. That's a bit of scummy. Not my ideal type. Oh well. I'm thinking way too far into this. I owe him a date for trespassing. I can't get out of it, so I might as well enjoy it.
When I finish making his coffee, I bring it to the register and ring him up, taking the receipt and penciling my cell number on the back of it. I can feel him watching me. He's always watching.
“That better be your real phone number, because if it's not, I'll just hunt you down here again.” There's only the slightest hint of humor in his voice, little enough to let me know he's serious.
“It's the real deal, Bill.” I hand the receipt to him.
“My name is Tristan,” he reminds me with a hurt look.
“It was a joke. It rhymes, you see. Real. Deal. Bill.” Oh my God, that was lame. Am I really that crappy at jokes?
“Ah, gotcha.” He points at me, making a clicking noise with his tongue before taking the receipt and putting it in his wallet. “Well, Cinderella, this Prince Charming needs to go to work. I'll call you tonight to set something up for the weekend.”
“Alright. Sure.” I push a strand of hair behind my ear again, watching him walk away. As soon as he's out of the building, I sigh deeply, staring at the door as if I could will him to come back. He's such a strange guy. I can't help but be intrigued by him.
“I wish a dude that hot randomly wandered in here and asked me out on a date,” Jennifer, my co-worker for the day, comments. 
It only makes me smile more. He is hot. Smoking hot. The kind of guy I bet Ethel wished she had picked up at the party instead of me. While she was shaking her butt in the hopes that a guy would take interest in her, I didn't even have to try. I one-upped her, but I'd never have the guts to tell her that.


CHAPTER FOUR


I keep my phone next to me like I'll die if it's out of reach. While I want to tell myself that I don't really care if Tristan calls me or not, the truth is that I do care. Perhaps way more than I should. He's so different. So exotic to me. 
I'm used to getting asked out by high school guys. Well, when I was still in high school, at least. Since then, only one other guy has asked me out, and he was a co-worker who I wasn't interested in at all. I'm not used to being asked out by older men, especially handsome ones with money. Not that the money matters, because it doesn't. All that really matters is that he's a good man with morals. Tristan's morals are questionable, but he seems to have everything else going for him. Why not give him a chance?
I want to chastise myself for bending my dating requirements because of his good looks. But it's not just that. I owe him this date. That's what I keep telling myself, at least.
I spend my afternoon waiting by the phone like a pathetic fool. Every fifteen minutes or so, I pick it up to look at the screen, checking for a missed call. There's no way I wouldn't have heard it, considering that the phone is right beside me, but still, I check it. Again and again and again. Throughout the afternoon and into the night until it's time to get ready for bed.
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't disappointed. Even though I don't really know Tristan and have been acting disinterested, I'm admittedly a bit upset that he didn't call me. I sulk to bed, frowning and wondering if I did something wrong to make him lose interest in me. Maybe he hated my joke so much it made him think I'm stupid. Perhaps when he saw me the second time, he decided he didn't like me after all. 
I let self-deprecating thoughts carry me off to a dreamless sleep. Then I wake up and check my phone again. Nothing. He lied to me. He's not going to call.
I go about my day, trying to keep my head up—trying to think positive. If it was meant to be, it would have happened. Everything happens for a reason.
I abandon hope of receiving a phone call from Tristan, put my phone on silent, and head to work. I'm working an afternoon shift at the coffee shop, and it's rather dead. That gives me plenty of time to reflect on the past week and my life in general. I think of how big Tristan's house is, wondering if I'll ever be able to afford something as nice. That's why I need to keep working hard. I need to make sure I can go to college next year. I just wish life was easier. It's not like my parents can't afford to send me. Ethel's father controls all the money though, and he says he wants us to work for what we have. Life isn't about getting handouts. I can't help but think he'd change his tune if Ethel wanted to go to college. While her father has always been nice to me, he's never really treated me as his own. He gives her money to go out and blow on expensive clothes and whatever she wants. He gives me nothing. It seems like an oxymoron. He doesn't want us to live on handouts, yet his hand is always out for Ethel and her childish desires. His hand is closed to me, and all I want is a college education. 
By the time my shift is over, I feel defeated by life. It's a dumb thing to think. I know I still have it better than a lot of other people, but it's easy to feel pity for your own situation, especially when it's all that you've known. 
I drive home and get changed, then I pull my phone out of my pocket to check my messages. To my surprise and delight, there's a missed call from Tristan. I quickly plant myself in front of my computer and dial his number, waiting with bated breath for him to answer. 
He picks up on the second ring. “Hey, Cinderella.”
“Hey, Prince Charming,” I quip, feeling a smile curl my lips until they hurt.
“Why didn't you answer earlier?”
“Work.” I slump a bit, remembering all the things I was thinking about earlier.
“Ah, yes, that evil four letter word. Anyway, I was thinking we could get together this Saturday.”
“Sounds good. Just tell me what time and where to meet you.”
“Such a fearful thing, you are.” I can hear him grinning on the other end of the line. “You fear me sending a chariot for you.”
Does he really know me so well already? “I would be more comfortable driving myself,” I admit.
“Alright. Do you remember where my house is?”
“I think so.” I try to retrace the route in my head. If all else fails, I have his address. I can look it up online.
“Then meet me here at seven, and we'll go from there.”
“Seven,” I hesitate. I honestly don't like the idea of meeting him at his house, but I feel kind of at his mercy after trespassing on his property.
“Yup. Write it down. Don't forget. I'll look forward to seeing you. And, by the way, you're special coffee was delicious.” The simple compliment draws my smile up even more. He can be so undeniably sweet. I absolutely love it.
“I'll see you at seven o'clock on Saturday night,” I tell him.
“Good night, beautiful Sarah,” his voice softens, sounding almost romantic.
“Good night, Prince Charming.”
I hang up the phone and squeal, hugging it and swooning like an idiot. It takes everything in me to temper my excitement. I try to recite all the warnings I've been taught. If it seems too good to be true, it usually is. He could be a wolf in sheep's clothing. There's only one reason a guy wants you to come to his house. It does no good though. I'm too enthralled by his affectionate sentiments. I like him too much. 

***

My enthusiasm is a bit too much to be contained. I start getting ready at five o'clock on Saturday afternoon, and I end up parked in Tristan's driveway by 6:15. I cringe at myself for leaving my house so early, but I couldn't help it. I was just too excited.
For several minutes, I sit in my car and stare up at the house. It's odd being in his driveway. There's no security guard manning the door. The neighborhood is quiet. Everything seems surreal. And I still feel like I don't belong here. 
I do this time though. Tristan invited me. And this is his house. So, if he wanted me here, then I do belong here.
My mind wanders. He probably has cameras on the driveway. Maybe he's watching them right now, wondering why I showed up so early. Wondering why I won't come inside. Perhaps he's not even here. 
After a while, I begin to feel like a creeper, so I decide to climb out of my car and go to the door. Besides, it's hot, and after sitting fifteen minutes in the car with the windows rolled down, I'm starting to get sweaty. The last thing I want is for my makeup to melt off and to show up all smelly. Not attractive at all.
I stand in front of the front door with butterflies fluttering in my tummy. When I lift my hand to ring the doorbell, I hesitate for half a second. What if this isn't really even his house? What if he lied to me? No, that's stupid. The security guard let us upstairs, and he knew exactly where to find clothes for me.
I'm fidgeting with my nails by the time the door opens to Tristan's smiling face. He's dressed down in a pair of distressed jeans and a red and white stripped polo. Even though he's not wearing a suit, he looks handsome as ever, his blue eyes bright and filled with joy from seeing me.
“Hi there,” I greet him timidly.
“Cinderella, I honestly wasn't sure if you were going to stand me up or not. But surprise, surprise. You're here early.” He steps away from the door, drying his hands off with a dishtowel.
“I like being punctual.” I step inside, looking around the grand foyer as if I'm seeing it for the first time. The entrance is laden with curved archways and gorgeous architecture. Now that it's not crowded with people, I can actually appreciate it.
“Did you have a hard time finding the place?” He closes the door behind us, then leads the way through the house. He gestures to the dining room, which is off to the left of the kitchen, indicating that I should sit. 
“No. Not at all. I used MapQuest.” I tell him, feeling old school. Everyone else has a GPS system, and I'm still printing out driving directions like I'm stuck in the past.
“MapQuest,” he lets out a short laugh, walking into the kitchen to finish doing whatever it was he was doing before I got here. From where I'm sitting, I can watch him. It only takes a few minutes for me to realize he's making a salad.
“You cook?” I'm honestly surprised. Aren't rich people supposed to have personal chefs to do this kind of stuff for them?
“Mhm. I like cooking.” He takes a head of lettuce, washes it off in the sink, then begins to shred it into a bowl.
I can't help but smile. He's making me dinner. How romantic. On the inside, I'm squealing in delight. I can't wait to taste his cooking. 
“I'm sorry I showed up so early. Had I known you were making dinner, I would have waited,” I tell him, feeling kind of bad. 
“Don't worry about it. Everything is already prepared, pretty much. All I have left to do is make the salad.” He goes to the fridge, pulls out some tomatoes, washes them, and then begins chopping them up for the salad. His technique is brilliant. Far better than mine. He looks like he could cook for a living.
“How has work been?” I'm quickly running out of things to ask him. The more I think about it, the more I realize we really don't have anything in common. 
“Fine,” he replies. “A little hectic, since my brother is out of town.”
“Oh.” I nod. I have nothing else, so I sit in silence. 
He finishes the salad, setting it off to the side before he pulls what looks to be a casserole out of the oven. “I hope you like lasagna,” he says, unraveling the mystery of what we're having for dinner.
“I do.” I'm still blown away by the fact that he cooked a whole meal for me. Not many guys would do that, especially for someone they just met. He must really enjoy cooking. 
Once everything is out of the oven, he starts setting the table. I feel absolutely useless. When I ask if I can help, he politely declines, and so I just wait. He sets everything in front of me. Lasagna, bread sticks, salad. He puts two taper candles between us, lights them, and then dims the overhead lighting to set the mood. After that, he pours us each a glass of wine before taking my plate, serving me, serving himself, and then finally sitting down.
“I'm sorry that took so long,” he apologizes. 
“No. Don't apologize. I'm sorry for being early.” I watch him take his cloth napkin and put it over his lap. Then I do the same.
“Don't apologize for being early. That just means I get to spend more time with you.” He smiles sweetly at me before picking up his fork. “Bon appétit.” 
Eating in front of Tristan is difficult. I'm so mesmerized by how attractive and kind he is. He can't possibly be real. But he is, sitting across from me, eating the meal he made for us.
“Are you going to eat?” He glances up at me, noticing that I'm staring.
“Yes.” I blush, turning my attention to my food. It looks delicious. If I can't eat the whole meal, I at least have to try everything. He put so much work into this.
“So, the girl you were with at the party, who was she?” he asks. 
The question makes me uncomfortable. For some reason, I feel like he's lulling me into a false sense of security. Like as soon as he finds out Ethel's name, he's going to call the police and have us both arrested. This would be the perfect opportunity to stage a coup. “She's my sister,” I reply hesitantly, not wanting to disclose too much information.
“Your sister?” His hand freezes over his lasagna.
“Well, she's my step-sister,” I divulge a bit more, knowing exactly what he's thinking. Ethel and I are exact opposites. Her skin is ebony while mine is ivory. She's sassy, and I'm timid. It's obvious we didn't fall from the same tree.
“Ah, that makes more sense. You two don't look remotely like you're related.” He continues eating.
“My mother met her father at the dentist's office. He was her new dentist. It was love at first sight, if you hear them tell it.” My eyes widen in mock disbelief. Their romance is still a mystery to me. Then again, my mother kept Ethel's father away until she was sure there was something serious going on between them. My mother is very private like that.
“So I'm guessing it was your sister's idea to crash my party?” He cuts up his lasagna before taking a bite.
I try not to scowl at his reference to party crashing. It makes me feel like a criminal. “Yes, it was her idea.”
“Why?”
I sigh. The answer seems so stupid. I can't even force myself to tell the truth. “Because she thought it would be fun.”
“It didn't seem like much fun for you.” He smirks. “You were hugging the wall almost the entire time.”
“You were watching me.” My eyes flit up to meet his.
“You don't actually believe I'm so oblivious that I don't remember who I invited to my own party, do you?” He stabs at his salad with his fork. “Of course, I wasn't one hundred percent certain you didn't belong. Sometimes, the people I invite bring guests. But you were so busy keeping to yourself. No one came up and talked to you. It was like someone had just dropped you off in the middle of nowhere.
“Then when my friend called to bring on the strippers, and you were pushed into the crowd, I figured it was a case of mistaken identity. That's when I knew something wasn't right. When you stepped out of your shoe, I thought it would be a good opportunity to approach you. When I took you upstairs, I decided to test you. Needless to say, you failed. I knew you weren't really a stripper then. At least, I thought I knew until your sister gave me one of her business cards. It wasn't actually confirmed until I called the business the next day looking for you.
“The funny thing is that there were supposed to be strippers at the party. They were running late though. Your sister's ploy worked marvelously.”
What luck. If I told the story to Ethel like that, she'd think she was a genius. This is probably something better kept to myself.
“So you knew I wasn't a stripper?” I redistribute my salad on my plate, quickly losing my appetite from nervousness.
“You're not confident enough.” He looks directly at it as he says it. “You're shy about your body. It's not a quality a stripper would have.”
“I guess I'm a horrible actress,” I laugh shortly.
“You were trying?” He lifts an eyebrow. “Could have fooled me.”
The truth is that I wasn't trying. It just seemed like the appropriate thing to say. 
“Do you like the food?” he asks, noticing I haven't eaten much.
“It's good. I'm just nervous,” I admit.
“Why are you nervous?” He grins in amusement.
“I'm not used to this.” I look around the dining room. The setup is so intimate. The dim lighting, the candles, the handsome stranger. Well, I suppose he's not quite as much of a stranger anymore. 
“What are you used to?”
I think of every lame date I've ever been on. “Going to the movies. Maybe going for fast food afterward.” I look down and bite my bottom lip, realizing how immature that must sound to him.
“How old are you?” It's an unexpected question, and one that makes me exceptionally uneasy. 
“How old do you think I am?”
He sets his fork down and looks straight at me. “Let's not play this game. I'm twenty-four. How old are you? If you're underage, I won't get mad. I just need to know, for safety's sake.”
I push a strand of hair behind my ear, fearing rejection. “I'm eighteen. I just turned eighteen in May.”
He sighs, and I can't tell if it's in relief or disappointment. “Let me see your ID.”
“My ID?” I parrot. He doesn't trust me. That kind of hurts.
Reluctantly, I reach into my purse to fish out my driver's license and hand it across the table to him. He reads my birthday carefully, then his eyes sweep over the rest of the ID. I hope he's not trying to memorize my address. Maybe letting him see it was a bad idea.
“You are definitely eighteen.” He hands it back to me, sounding pleased.
“I wouldn't lie.” I frown before putting it back in my purse.
“Apologies. I just have a lot to lose. I hope you understand.”
“I do, but you still need to learn to trust people more.” I put my ID back in my purse and return my attention to him.
“There are some things it's more important to know the truth about than others. You'd understand if you were in my position,” his tone takes on an arrogant lilt. This is getting awkward. We should probably just drop the subject.
“You're an amazing cook. I'm so full.” I lean back in the chair, rubbing my tummy. Immediately, I feel like a slob for it. It's totally inappropriate, but at least he doesn't seem offended.
“You eat like a bird,” Tristan comments, looking at my plate.
“You gave me such big portions. I ate about half,” I insist.
“If you say so.”
Now it's time for me to come up with my exit strategy. It was a nice dinner, but I should be getting home. I have work in the morning.
Tristan takes a few more bites of his lasagna, then he stands and picks up our plates to walk them to the kitchen. Instead of watching him, I grab my purse off the back of the chair, pulling the strap over my shoulder in preparation to make a speedy escape. When he returns to me, I stand, taking a deep breath as I look at him.
“Ready to leave already? Was my cooking that disappointing? You haven't even touched your wine.” He gestures to my glass, still sitting unmoved on the table.
“I don't like to drink in front of strangers.” I readjust my purse, feeling a bit guilty. For all that I know, that was an expensive bottle of wine he poured.
“But I'm not a stranger.” His expression is deadpan.
“I still don't know you well enough to drink around you.”
“Stay and get to know me.” The intense look returns. He's managed to keep it at bay for most of the night. It's definitely there now though, making me feel vulnerable. 
“I have work tomorrow.” I avert my eyes.
“What time?” He shifts his weight.
The truth is that I don't work until noon, but I need an excuse to leave. While I enjoy being around him, I'm still wary. Maybe I'm just being stupid. He's shown me nothing but kindness. 
“I suppose I could stay a little longer,” I relent, silently cursing myself for it.
“Excellent.” His face brightens up. “I have something special planned for you. Come on.” He brushes past me, grabbing my hand to pull me out of the room. When our fingers touch, a strange electricity shoots through me. His hand is so warm, and I like the way it feels clasping mine. 
I follow him into the living room. It's the most expansive area in the house, from what I can tell. An open floor plan that was crowded with people the week before when I came to his party. It's completely empty now. A literal waste of space. A huge tiled area that leads to a wall of windows overlooking his backyard. Briefly, I wonder if there's some furniture missing. It's definitely too big to be this empty. But then I'm captivated by the view. He lets go of my hand, and I step up to the window, looking out onto the manicured landscape. There are immaculately trimmed trees and shrubbery, several flower beds, and a large koi pond filled with fish. It's an enchanting view, though I bet it would be far more stunning in the daytime. As it is, the only reason that I can see it is because there are lights all over the yard. Everything in me wants to go outside and explore, but I'm too shy to ask if I can. I'll just stand here and admire it from afar, hoping I'll someday get a chance to see it in the daytime.
The soft sound of classical music scratches to life behind me, and I turn to see Tristan fiddling with a record player. I can't help but smirk. Who owns a record player anymore? And the thing looks vintage. I'm tempted to go take a closer look, but by the time I finally decide to move, he's walking toward me. 
“Nice touch,” I tell him playfully.
“Does Cinderella dance?” He gazes down on me. His expression is adoring. 
I bite my bottom lip. “I'm not any good.”
“Sure you are. I'll lead. You follow.” He takes one of my hands in his, then slips his other hand around my waist, stepping even closer to me.
My breath hitches from overwhelming nervousness. He's so close, and he smells heavenly. I feel swept off my feet as he begins to move. I match him effortlessly, as if our bodies were made to dance together like this.
We stare at each other as we glide across the floor. My long dress swishes around my ankles. He's so romantic. So perfect. I can't resist him. All the protective walls I've built up fall down when I gaze into his eyes. All the red warning alarms are silenced, as if he's damaged their very circuitry. I'm so lost, and I don't want to be found. Falling so hard that I might not ever be able to stand again.
We dance for what feels like hours, never speaking, simply staring at each other. We dance until my feet hurt, but the pain is eclipsed by the strange warmth in my heart. And I don't want it to go away, so I don't stop dancing. I've never felt like this before. It's absolutely intoxicating. I can't get enough of this feeling.
Finally, the record reaches its end, and Tristan pulls me to a halt. The intense look is there, but I know that I'm matching it. I can't stop looking at him. I know what it means. He likes me, and I like him. He wants me, and I want . . . I don't know what I want.
“Do you believe in love at first sight, Sarah?” he asks, making my cheeks glow with warmth.
I know he's trying to be sweet. He expects me to say yes. But I hate lying. I only do it when I feel like I have to, and right now, I just want to be honest. “I believe in lust at first sight. There's no such thing as love at first sight.”
“But there is.” His hand reaches up to caress my cheek, and I lean into it. “I've loved you from the first moment I laid eyes on you.”
“You're just being charming,” I laugh nervously.
He bends suddenly and presses his lips against mine, stealing my breath. I expect his kiss to be hungry. Expect that I'll have to pull away from him. The kiss isn't hungry though. It's chaste and gentle and everything my fantasies conveyed. I find myself leaning into him, not wanting him to pull away. It's over far too soon, and I'm left dumbfounded and wanton.
“Wow. That was . . . Just . . . Wow,” I stutter stupidly, licking my lips to taste him on them.
“Then can I do it again?” He looks hopeful.
“Yes.”
Almost before the word can leave my lips, he's claiming them. This time, his kiss is much more impassioned. His tongue slides across my bottom lip, and I open my mouth, letting him inside, wanting to taste more of him. He slowly rakes his fingers through my hair, holding me tenderly against him as our mouths move in time. I wrap my hands around his broad shoulders, feeling the muscle flex beneath his polo. My body comes alive with desires I know I shouldn't feel. Dark desires. Sexual desires. 
When he finally pulls away, I sigh softly. My eyes are still closed. I'm soaking up the sensory overload. This man is truly amazing. How did I ever get so lucky as to wind up in his house again after the stupid crap I pulled?
He takes me by the hand and starts leading me away from the living room. When I realize we're moving towards the stairs, my heart stops. This is where things get messed up. He's assuming I want something that I don't. My perfect night is about to come to an end.
I stall when we reach the bottom of the stairs, heartbroken that I'm going to have to ruin things with my resistance. Sad that this will probably be the end. When he finds out I don't want to have sex with him, he'll never want to see me again. That's how these things usually work.
He turns when he feels my hand strain against his. “What's wrong?”
“I'm sorry.” I look away, feeling guilty. “I think I gave you the wrong impression.”
“I just want to show you around upstairs,” his words are innocent, but I know it's a lie.
“I've seen upstairs already,” I remind him, letting go of his hand.
He walks back down the few stairs he ascended. It reminds me of the night at the party, except this time is different. This time is so much more intimate. “I told you I'm not going to do anything you don't want me to. I told you that last time, and I stuck by my word. You just said I need to be more trusting. I think that applies to you as well. Trust me.” He offers me his hand again. 
I stare at it for a moment as if it's a dangerous animal that will snap at me if I try to make contact. My mind goes back to that night in his room, to the way he gently pulled the shirt over my head. He could have taken advantage of me, but he didn't. Thus far, he's given me no reason not to trust him.
Gingerly, I place my hand in his, following him upstairs. I expect him to show me around, like he said he would. There are a few doors upstairs, but he leads me straight into his bedroom. I've seen this room before. I don't need to see it again.
“This is my bathroom.” He shows me to the bathroom door. 
I peek inside. If this was an actual tour, I might be impressed. As it is now, my mind is stuck on why he took me directly to his room again. The mystery is solved when I feel his hands slide around my waist, drawing me back against him. My heart speeds up as his lips touch my neck, kissing me tenderly. I place my hands on top of his, gently trying to pry them off of me.
“I thought you said we weren't going to do this,” my tone is serious.
“Do what?” He continues to play innocent.
“I don't do one night stands.” I twist around in his grasp to face him. 
“Who said this was just going to be one night?”
The intensity of his gaze catches me off-guard, and my defenses go down long enough for his lips to reach mine. His hands tighten around my waist, but I don't feel caged in. There's a strange mix of brazen desire and soft sensuality to him. He knows not to press too hard. He knows how to press just enough to make me want more.
I allow myself to melt into the kiss, savoring the feel of him for a few moments before I finally pull away, fearing he might try for more. “I'm not the kind of girl you think I am.” I avert me eyes, not wanting to get caught up in his gaze again.
“That's too bad, because I think that you're an amazing girl whom I want in my life.” He kisses my cheek.
It's hard to resist him, but I know I have to. Even though it kills me a little inside, I step away from him, creating space between us so that I can breathe and gather my senses. “No, you don't understand. I'm sure you've been with a lot of girls.” I wrap my arms around myself protectively. “I'm sure a lot of girls want to be with you. You're handsome and charming. And I'm sure you can get just about anyone to jump into bed with you. But I'm not like that.
“I'm the type of girl who wants to wait until she's married. The type of girl who puts love before sex. I'm . . . I'm sorry.”
I expect him to get angry, but he just smiles at me, taking a step forward to brush a strand of hair behind my ear. His touch causes that strange electricity again, that twinge of desire that I'm trying to fight back. I like it when he touches me. I want to feel more of it. All over my body. I want to know what it feels like to be naked in his arms, to be beneath him in the thralls of passion, to feel him inside of me. He's just too perfect, like he was designed to destroy everything I thought I wanted.
“Don't apologize,” his tone is soothing. “I think you have the wrong idea about me as well. I'm not the kind of guy who sleeps with a lot of girls. I'm the kind of guy who waits and watches. The kind of guy who is in it for the long haul. My body is my temple, and I don't share it with just anyone. 
“I told you it was love at first sight with you, and the more I get to know you, the more I love you. This isn't just tonight. It's as long as you want it to be. But if you're not interested in me, I'll understand. I'm not going to force you against your will. I want you to be here with me because you want to be here with me.”
Logic tells me that it's all lies, all words to get me in bed. But he seems so genuine. It's hard not to believe him. He strikes at a weakness in me that I never knew existed.
“Do you want me?” he asks, pushing one of his fingers beneath the strap of my dress and sliding it back and forth over my shoulder.
I should say no. That would be a lie though, and I don't feel like lying to him. “Yes.” I can't even look at him when I say it.
I wait for him to kiss me. That would be the next logical step in the progression of things. But he doesn't kiss me. He walks several feet away from me and turns around. My eyes lift to look at him, wondering what he's doing.
I watch as he grabs the bottom of his polo and pulls it over his head. It feels like all the air is sucked out of the room as inch after inch of perfection is revealed to me. He's all lean muscle, cut and delicious. A stupid grin crosses my face, and I hate myself for it. Could I possibly make it anymore obvious that I like what I see?
“What are you giggling about?” He smirks at me as he tosses his shirt on the floor.
“I wasn't giggling.” I wasn't, but damn near close to it. 
“Why are you smiling then?”
“Because you look like you stepped right off the cover of some men's fitness magazine,” I confess.
“You like?” He rolls his abs at me, and I burst out laughing.
“Oh my God, you're such a dork.” I cover my eyes, embarrassed for him. When I look back up, he's unbuckling his belt. My smile drops as I watch in disbelief. He's actually going to take off his pants.
It feels like I'm witnessing the most unintentional strip tease ever, or like I'm invisible, walking in on him while he's undressing. Everything he does is so casual, yet so sexy at the same time. He leans against the bed to take off his shoes and socks. Then he goes for his pants, unbuttoning and unzipping them to pull them down, revealing a pair of red boxer briefs beneath. When he stands and wraps his hands around the waistband of his underwear, I shield my eyes again.
“Don't tell me you've never seen a naked guy before,” there's a drop of sarcasm in his voice.
“Not intentionally,” I admit. I know what I'm doing is childish, but I can't help it. I just feel like I shouldn't see him naked.
I listen to the rustling of clothes and then the pad of footsteps as he approaches me. His hands hook around my wrists, and he pulls them away from my face. I stare into his eyes, refusing to let my gaze drift any lower. He's naked. I know it. I don't need to look down.
“Are you that disgusted by my body?” It's such a strange question to ask. I'm not disgusted by him at all. If anything, I just feel awkward and aroused.
“No.” I shake my head slightly.
“Then look at me.” He steps back, letting me go.
Adrenaline is pumping through me on overdrive as I allow my eyes to scan down his frame, taking in his broad shoulders, his muscular chest, his defined abs, and then Oh My God. My cheeks are on fire as I stare at his cock like I've never seen one before. He's soft, but still impressive. My clit pulses from just looking at him, and I silently chastise myself for losing resolve.
“What do you think?” He turns around so that I can check out his sculpted back and ass too.
“You're naked.” It's the only thing that will come out of my mouth.
He faces me again. “See. It didn't kill you to look at me.”
“I never thought it would.” I try to adjust to the situation. Oddly, the longer I stand here and look at him, the more comfortable I feel. He's just a man. A sinfully attractive naked man, but a man, none the less.
He takes a step towards me, and my body tenses. He sees the fear behind my eyes immediately and lifts his hands to rub my shoulders, trying to help me relax. “I want to see you naked too.” 
“Why?” I look away.
“Because you're beautiful,” his voice is soft and sensual. He reaches up to redirect my attention to his face, causing our eyes to lock. I hate that he sounds so honest. I know what his true intentions are. He wants me to get naked, so he can have sex with me. That's the only reason any guy wants to get a girl naked.
“I told you I don't do this,” I remind him.
“Do what? Look at naked men?” He smirks.
“This.” I gesture around at the room. Everything that's happening is so wrong, but I can't break myself away from it. There are too many emotions going through me, and a fear that if I leave I'll never see him again. It's stupid. That's the last thing I should be caring about right now.
“Touch me.” He takes my hands and puts them on his chest. I can feel the steady beating of his heart beneath the surface. It's so soothing.
“And what does this accomplish?” I sound completely sarcastic.
“It helps you to get to know me better.”
“I can get to know you better with your clothes on.” I arch an eyebrow at him.
“You talk a lot, but your words aren't in sync with your thoughts. I can tell.” He leans in to kiss me again, and I allow it. Can he really read me so well, or is he just good at figuring women out? I don't want to think about the answer. I don't want to think about anything.
He reaches up for the straps of my dress and pushes them over my shoulders. My entire body stiffens, and those red warning sirens turn back on, telling me I should stop him. I don't though. The garment falls to the floor, and I'm left standing there in the horrid granny panties Ethel kept telling me not to wear. They've never embarrassed me before, but right now I just want to die. I couldn't be any less sexy if I tried.
Tristan doesn't seem to notice. He gazes down at my body with admiration. I can barely look at him, though I do sneak a glance at his expression from time to time, worried that he's judging me.
He wraps his arms around me and unclasps my bra with deft ease. My breath hitches from the sheer quickness of it. Despite what he said, he definitely has experience at this. Loads of experience.
I feel my body drawing into itself as he moves to pull the straps over my shoulders. Almost the second my breasts are exposed, I'm covering myself with my hands. This is so wrong. Why am I letting him do this to me?
“Don't.” He grabs my wrists, pulling them away so that he can see me. “You're beautiful. Don't hide.”
I tremble slightly, feeling more vulnerable than ever before. No guy has seen this much of me. I don't think I should be letting him see this much of me. 
He kisses my lips, pressing our bodies together. My nipples perk against the firmness of his chest. In fact, my whole body is coming to life from being so close to him. I can feel moistness building in my panties. It's strange to think that I'm wet for him. That I want him so much. But the proof is all there.
He's still being incredibly gentle, kissing me just enough to make me want more. Being careful not to scare me away. I think it's apparent to both of us at this point that I'm not going anywhere. While I could still run, I don't want to. There are a million men in the world this could happen with, but none of them would treat me so well. None of them would be so caring. He knows exactly what he's doing. Why shouldn't I let it happen? My morals are as old as dust. I could get raped by some cretin tomorrow, and then I'd regret not taking this chance. If I walk away now, I'll never have it again.
My thoughts are drowned out as he kisses down my chest, drawing one of my nipples into his mouth. The warm wetness feels exquisite as he sucks on the swollen bud, twirling the other between his fingertips. I moan softly, abashed by my body's reaction but unable to stop it.
“Tristan,” I try his name on for size. It tastes natural on my lips, like I should be moaning it. 
“You're so gorgeous,” he murmurs against my skin. “So sweet.”
I bite my bottom lip, allowing my head to roll back as he moves from one nipple to the other, trading treatments. The wet one slips between his fingers, and he pinches it for good measure, sending waves of pleasure pulsing to my clit. 
I don't want him to stop, but he does stop. He kisses back up my chest and finds my lips again, guiding me towards the bed. I can feel the tip of his hardened cock rubbing against my legs and underwear as we walk. It's so crude yet arousing at the same time. His body is ready for me, ready to claim me and make me his. It's a scary thought, that I'm going to let him inside of me. I've already decided though. Or rather, my body has decided for me.
He lifts me up onto the bed, then grabs the waistband of my panties and pulls them all the way down and off. Again, I find myself covering up with my hands, embarrassed by my nudity. This time, Tristan ignores it. He takes my legs and places them over his shoulders, forcing me to lean back.
I stare up at the ceiling, still in complete disbelief that in a single night, this guy has managed to take down my protective walls. I'm so aroused that I can feel my heartbeat through my clit. I've never been this turned on before. 
I feel his tongue lap at the seam of my lips, and I curl my fingers into the comforter below, realizing what's about to happen. He noses in deeper, getting at my core, causing my hips to buck as his tongue touches on that sensitive forbidden spot where all my desire lies. My thighs tremble as he assaults it with vigor, licking and sucking until I cry out from over-stimulation. Contractions rip through me, making the place between my legs throb with undeniable pleasure. I just came all over his face.
“You taste amazing,” he moans into me, lapping at the wetness seeping out. 
I want to cover my face and hide. That's the first orgasm I've ever had with a man, and it happened so quickly. I'm not sure if that's normal or not. I just know it felt amazing, and I want him to do it again.
“I'm sorry,” I stutter between breaths, trying to regain my composure.
“Don't be. I like that you're so responsive.” He emerges from between my legs, his lips glistening. He licks them and then groans slightly as if he enjoys the taste.
I lay there and watch as he straightens himself, giving his cock a few warmup strokes. It's so thick and imposing. Panic races through me as I once again consider if this is the right thing to do or not. It's very possible that he'll have sex with me and then discard me like yesterday's news. He's been so good to me though, so sweet and affectionate. If he's playing me, then he should win an Oscar. 
“Tristan, I'm scared,” I admit, letting my vulnerability shine through.
“Of what?” He gives me a look of concern that sets my mind at ease. At this point in the game, most guys wouldn't care. They'd be so focused on sex that everything would be about getting what they want. Tristan is different though. He does care. Or, at least, he makes me think he does.
“I've never done this before.” I close my eyes, feeling like I'm confessing some sin to the preacher.
“You're a virgin,” there's no surprise in his voice.
“I told myself I'd only give myself to the man I married. This isn't how I thought things would happen.”
“How do you know I'm not that man?” The right words again. He's far too good at this.
I open my eyes and look directly at him, needing him to see how serious I am. “Please, don't break my heart.”
He doesn't reply. He simply moves forward, grabbing my legs and hooking them over his hips before he leans over me to guide his glans to my pussy. My heartbeat is in my throat as the seconds tick by like hours. This is it. I'm about to lose my virginity to him. I'm about to give myself to a man I've only met twice. A man who has managed to charm his way into my pants. This is wrong. I know that, but I can't stop it. I want him too badly.
He presses inside slowly, causing pain to surge between my legs. He's not all the way in yet, I can tell. He pauses, simply standing there and observing my face for a moment. “I'm at your entrance. One push, and you won't be a virgin anymore. Are you sure you want this?”
I can't believe he's giving me the chance to back out now. There's something endearing about it, the fact that he has such consideration. I wonder what he'd do if I told him no. There's no way of knowing though, because I say, “Yes.”
His eyes scan over my face a final time, landing on my lips. Then he grips my hips and pushes, thrusting all the way in. My back arches as he breaks through my barrier, filling me with his girth. There's a pinch of pain accompanied by a delicious throbbing that I never expected. My inner walls fight against him, clenching around his cock, forcing moans to fall from his perfect lips. He's lost in pleasure for a few brief moments before he looks at me and asks if I'm alright.
“Mhm.” I nod, trying to keep the pained look from my face. “Can we move up on the bed? I want you on top of me. I want to put my arms around your neck.” The words come from a deep greedy place within me. They bubble to the surface uncharacteristically. 
He obliges, pulling out so that I can move farther up onto the bed. There's a strange soreness between my legs that I know I'll feel more of later. For now, he's about to come back inside. I want him inside of me.
He follows me onto the bed, and I bow my legs for him, waiting lustily for his return. When he crawls on top of me, I instantly wrap my arms around his neck. He leans down and gives me a sweet kiss on the lips before he presses himself into me again. It still stings, but I like the feel of him putting it in. Our bodies fit together like puzzle pieces. One compliments the other.
I moan shamelessly as he begins thrusting slowly. Everything he does is so gentle. He's completely focused on my pleasure. It's as if his enjoyment doesn't even factor into the equation. I'm sure he's enjoying himself, but he's just so concentrated on me, my facial expressions, how I'm reacting.
We're making love. This is what it's like in all the movies I've watched. This is exactly what it's like. He moves on top of me rhythmically, filling me and pulling out to fill me again. I allow my eyes to roll back in my head, enjoying the sheer bliss of being with him, the feel of his muscles moving beneath my fingertips, the tightness that his cock causes between my legs. Pleasure swirls there and spills over again and again. The night is one never-ending orgasm for me, both physically and emotionally. 
It's not until we're nearing the end that he finally picks up the pace, pumping into me for his own release. I'm a bit concerned that he's not wearing a condom, but I'm sure he'll pull out. It's just common sense. 
I grip tighter around his neck to brace myself for the rough ride ahead. He's trying to be careful. Trying to glide in and out of me without it hurting too much. I bite my bottom lip and bear it, listening to the sound of his breathing, knowing he's almost reached his limit. 
Finally, he falls over, letting out an animalistic grunt that is oh so hot. I would probably take more time to be aroused by it if I wasn't so busy panicking. Instead of pulling out, he pushes his cock deep inside of me, spurting into my body. It's too late to force him off of me. What's done is done. 
I lay stiffly beneath him while he finishes up, pumping into me a few more times to get it all out. When he's emptied himself, he rests on top of me, panting heavily. Part of me wants to run my fingers through his hair and hold him against me, but I'm too pissed off. What in the hell was he thinking?
“You shouldn't have done that,” I grumble, unable to hide my displeasure.
“It will be fine.”
That's easy for him to say. He's not the one who would have to carry the kid for nine months. I don't believe in abortion, so if I end up pregnant, I'll be completely screwed. I could have just ruined my entire life for one night of passion. 
“It's not okay,” I insist. “I could get pregnant. I'm not on birth control.”
“It will be fine,” his tone is emotionless as he rolls off of me and walks into the bathroom, returning with a towel seconds later.
As he cleans me off, I have a hard time staying angry at him. Maybe once won't hurt. I'd have the worst luck in the world if I got pregnant the night that I lost my virginity. Stranger things have happened to people though.
By the time he's done tenderly wiping me clean, most of the anger has dissipated. He tosses the towel into a laundry basket in the corner of the room and then climbs up onto the bed beside me, pulling me into his arms. He's a cuddler. Thank God. I would have been hurt if he had just kicked me out after sex. That's when a guy's true character usually comes out, after he's gotten what he wants and is done with you. Tristan seems to be sweet through and through though.
“I'm so glad I found you,” he tells me as he entwines our fingers together.
“I am too.” It's a half-truth. I'm still not sure how I feel about all of this.
“If I hadn't walked into your coffee shop that day. I don't want to think about it.” He kisses me on top of the head.
“I hate that you're so perfect,” I confess. 
“Me? Perfect?” he laughs. “I'm far from perfect, dear.”
“Well, if you are, then you've done a good job at fooling me.”
He goes quiet, and we lay there in silence for several moments. I rest my head against his chest, listening to his heartbeat, loving the way he's fidgeting with my fingers. The night couldn't have gone any better. Well, maybe if he pulled out, it would have been better, but I'm willing to forgive that for now. 
After laying with him for a good thirty minutes, I pull myself out of his arms, sitting up in preparation to get dressed and go home.
“Where are you going?” He sits up beside me, sounding slightly alarmed.
“Home.” I smile at him over my shoulder.
“Why?”
“Because I have work tomorrow.” I push myself to the edge of the bed to stand, but he reaches out to grab my wrist.
“Stay with me.” There's a strange vulnerability in the way he's looking at me. It's something I've never seen before. “Stay with me tonight.”
“And do what?” I quirk a brow at him, grinning.
“Cuddle. Sleep beside me. Anything you want. Just don't go.” 
“You just want to get in my pants again,” I tease.
“No. Well, yes.” He rolls his eyes in mock defeat. “But no. I just want to be with you. So, stay with me. You won't regret it.”


CHAPTER FIVE


He's true to his words. We mostly spend the night cuddling. In fact, it's only about an hour after I call my mom to tell her I won't be home that we both end up passing out in each other's arms. It's like a dream come true. The perfect ending to the perfect night.
I wake up to a cold empty spot beside me. If not for the fact that I'm in a strange bed, I might have thought I dreamed it all. The soreness between my legs is very real though, the proof that I gave me virginity to a man I barely know. There's still a giddiness inside of me from the excitement of it all, and though I know I should be guarding my heart, I feel so in love.
I crawl out of bed and stare at the open bathroom door. Ideally, I'd like to have a shower, but I don't know where Tristan is, and I'd feel weird taking a shower in his house without letting him know first. So I get dressed in the clothes I was wearing the night before and head out onto the balcony overlooking the living room. 
The mansion feels empty. I call for Tristan, but get no response, so I keep walking, sliding my hand across the railing as I head toward the stairs. The morning sunlight is shining through the wall of glass that faces his backyard, and it's a bit blinding, so I'm forced to shield my eyes with my free hand.
I make my way down the stairs and am met by Tristan at the bottom. He's wearing an ear to ear grin, and nothing else besides a pair of boxers. He looks absolutely delicious, and I feel my body churning for another romp between the sheets. Has he really turned me into a complete sexual deviant in just one night? What has gotten into me?
“Good morning, Cinderella. Your timing is impeccably bad. I fear you caught me cooking again.” He beams up at me. 
“It's kind of nice to have my own private chef,” I tease. “You really don't have to spoil me like this though. You'll train me to expect it.”
“I like cooking, remember? Or has the night erased your memory of me.”
“A thousand years couldn't erase the memory of you.” I grin.
“It makes me happy to hear you say that. Otherwise, I'd have to spend every day reminding you of who I am.”
I bite my bottom lip, staring at him with a stupid smile plastered across my face. Maybe love at first sight doesn't exist. But I'm really starting to believe that falling in love with someone after only knowing them for a day does. 
“You can hang out in here if you want. Explore. Do what you like. I'll call you when breakfast is ready.” He takes a step forward and kisses me on the forehead before retreating to the kitchen.
I sigh as I watch him walk away. He's so perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. I feel like I've said that word inside my mind a million times, but it's all I think of when I look at him.
For the briefest of moments, I consider following him to the kitchen. I like to watch him cook, and I want to spend more time with him. Yet the thought of looking around is a bit more appealing. You can learn a lot about a person by the things in their house. And I definitely want to know more about him. 
I wander around aimlessly, checking out the expensive leather and mahogany furniture and admiring the art on the walls. He seems to have a thing for pictures of flowers, which shouldn't be so surprising, considering how romantic he is. The general color scheme for the house is mostly white with a hint of brown. It's contemporary and clean looking.
I walk into the sitting room and find a shelf with pictures on it. It's the first sign of anything personal in the entire house. I stroll up to it with a smile on my face, expecting to see his family. I can't help but wonder if they're all as attractive as he is. 
The first picture I come across is one of Tristan with a red-headed woman. She's smiling brightly and has her arms draped around his neck. At first glance, I imagine she's probably a cousin or maybe his sister. But then as I go down the line, I see other pictures of her. Pictures of them holding hands. Pictures taken in a photo studio. Pictures of them sitting together on a sofa and him slipping a ring onto her finger. There are so many pictures of her. In fact, every picture on the shelf is of either her or the two of them together. It doesn't take long for everything to click into place. The son of a bitch is married. 


From the Author

I hope you've enjoyed Part One of Between Two Billionaires. Billionaire #2 comes into play in book two, which will be out in a few weeks (around the middle of October). To be informed as soon as Part Two is available, please sign up for my newsletter.


To further support this author, please post a review after you finish reading this book.


To find out when Sky Corgan has new books available and to be informed of free promotions being run by this author, please sign up for her newsletter.
Sky Corgan's Newsletter
