Hunter Blake
Unwitting Alliances
Peggy Lea Baker


Published by Peggy Lea Baker
Copyright 2014 Peggy Lea Baker

This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination, used with permission, or used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, or events is unintentional or coincidental.  Actual locations have either been used with permission, or due to rights within public domain rules, regulations or law.

All rights reserved.
This ebook, or parts thereof, is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people in any form without written permission from the author.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.

Thank you for respecting the invested time and conscientious work of this author.

www.smashwords.com
www.plbaker.wordpress.com


Chapter One
“I’m not so sure about this,” a nervous man whispered to another as they conversed quietly in the shadows of a dimly lit alley.
“Just stick to the plan,” a voice responded with a cough.  “You have your orders.  Do the job then leave town.   I need to get back inside.”
“But I’ll need some cash if I’m gonna bug out.  I need to get to Mexico.”
“How much?”
“Two or three bills, I guess.”
“Here,” the man said.  “You know what to do.  We don’t need any surprises.”
“I know but do you know if Ham is even here?” the nervous man asked.  “I haven’t heard from him in a couple of days and I’m worried.  What if he doesn’t show?  Or what if he suspects something and he’s on to us?”
“We dropped enough hints.  He’ll show.  Now get out of here and don’t contact me again.”
“But if he suspects something...”
“You worry too much,” the man said.  “Just do your job and leave everything else to us.  Now get going.” 
Woods hesitated then changed the subject.  “So... you think he’s gonna win again?”
“Who?  Blake?  Of course.  He’s a shoe-in, not that it will make much difference after tonight.  Now get out of here.”  A momentary glow of subdued light scattered onto damp pavement revealing the silhouette of a stout man of medium height dressed in a tuxedo.  Muffled applause and laughter cut the stillness until a door closed with a soft click.  Woods quickly counted the money then shoved it into a pocket, mumbling something under his breath.  Glancing around, he zipped up his jacket to ward off the damp chill and moved away from the door.
Low clouds still blanketed the dark and cold midwinter sky following rain showers earlier in the evening.  Woods headed toward an adjoining street at the end of the alley then eventually turned the corner and disappeared. 
Quietly, another figure emerged from the shadows.  Dressed in dark clothing, he stealthily crept close to the building, hesitating momentarily at the door to look around.  A shiny wrapper tossed about at his feet in a sporadic breeze.  He picked it up with a leather-gloved hand, shoving it into a pocket before following after Woods.  At the end of the alley, he stayed in the shadows and scanned the area until he saw his quarry ambling diagonally across the street with his familiar limp.
Still watching, the man dialed a number.  “It’s Hamilton,” he said as soon as someone answered. “Yeah, it was Woods and Allensby... a bit of a surprise seeing the two of them together.  Allensby went back inside but I’m tailing Woods.”  He listened a moment then responded, “I’ll keep an eye on him... Yeah.  Well, based on their conversation, it would seem they’re planning a grab tonight and I think Woods is expected to be some kind of a lookout, but I don’t know for sure.  I’ll let you know if I see or hear anything else.”  He hung up.
Hamilton watched Woods find a shadowy place to hide then stealthily moved in the same direction. “Randy, Randy,” he said to himself.  “What have you gotten yourself into this time?  And with Gerry, of all people.” 
A year earlier, Hamilton ran into Randy Woods in a bar late one night.  Woods was trying to hustle up some work and the two of them struck up a conversation.  Hamilton talked him into partnering up and becoming a confidential informant.  It worked for a while, as long as Woods was satisfied with the money.  Then one day, out of the blue, he suddenly wasn’t interested any longer and took off without much of an explanation.
After that, Hamilton did his best to stay aware of Woods’ doings as much as possible, suspicious that he’d betrayed their previous working arrangement and possibly put his own activity in jeopardy.  Tonight, it was clear that Woods had become involved with the Allensby’s and their apparent connection to an illegal organization that was under heavy scrutiny by federal authorities, and one that he was also keeping tabs on.
Gerald Allensby, however, was a well-known and prestigious movie producer and would ordinarily seem an unlikely participant in what appeared to be a drug and human trafficking ring.  Over time, however, Hamilton discovered there was more to Gerry’s activities than first thought.  It was then he began to suspect Woods was now tied in with those same activities but he never expected his old partner would have had any direct contact with Gerry.
The organization in question operated out of a number of locations, but one in particular was a small village in Mexico, just across the border from Arizona.  Several anonymous tips brought Hamilton to the alley this night, but didn’t know for sure if they were legitimate or not.  Based on what he’d just overheard, however, it was now clear Allensby may likely have a larger role in what was going on.  He was definitely complicit in an apparent plan to grab someone from the event currently underway at the CAMEO Center.  
Checking his watch, Hamilton figured the awards program had another twenty or thirty minutes to go.  That meant he didn’t have much time to apprehend his old partner.  A few attendees, anxious to beat the traffic, began to exit the underground parking garage. Hamilton took advantage of a couple of vehicles to provide cover sufficient for him to cross the street and confront Woods. Crouching down, Hamilton looked for any unusual dark shapes in among the shrubbery growing here and there.  With a smile, he nodded to himself and stood up slowly.  Carefully making his way toward a suspicious shadow, he finally stopped, pulled his side arm and quietly called out, “Randy.” 
A rustling in the shrub was the only response.
“I have you in my sight,” he continued.  “You might as well come out of there.”
More rustling then a response, “Don’t shoot.”
“Come out slow with your hands where I can see them.”
The dark mass crept out from the shrubbery and stood with his hands slightly raised.  “Hamilton,” he said in mock surprise.  “I thought you were...”
“Don’t you know you’re getting too old for this kind of stuff?  You’re in way over your head this time and gonna get killed.
“So... what are you doing here?” Woods asked his eyes darting back and forth nervously.
Hamilton could see he was nervously looking around before remarking, “Thought I’d come enjoy the CAMEO’s for an evening just like you, apparently.”  A car horn suddenly blasted, distracting Hamilton for a split second, but long enough for Woods to take off running.
“Damn!” Hamilton muttered.  Now in foot pursuit, he dashed down a narrow pedestrian alley between two apartment buildings keeping his old partner in sight.  Although Randy ran with a limp, the result of a gunshot injury, he still managed to keep some distance between them both.  Hamilton was surprised, given the extent of the damage caused when Woods took a bullet in his right femur a couple of years back.  A hasty surgical procedure, in a remote desert clinic, repaired the damage but Woods was left with a shorter right leg and a noticeably distinctive gait. 
Woods reached the next street and paused.  Hamilton stopped long enough to take aim but lost his opportunity when his target took off down the sidewalk.  Taking up pursuit again, he could hear dogs suddenly barking excitedly.  Reaching the street, he stopped, looking down the sidewalk but saw no one.  Parked cars lined both curbs giving anyone plenty of places to hide.
“What the hell’s going on!” a man called out from an apartment balcony.  Will you people stop running through here?”
“Did you see anyone run through here?” he called up to him.
“Who are you?  A cop?
“Did you see someone!” Hamilton demanded.
“No!” he yelled back.
“Are you sure!”
“Just some car stopped in the middle of the street.”
“Which way did it go?” Hamilton asked anxiously.
“That way!” the man answered angrily, pointing.  “Now beat it!  You’re driving my dogs crazy!”  He stepped back in his apartment and slammed shut the sliding glass door.
Hamilton holstered his gun and pulled out his phone sending a text, ‘I lost him,’ and adding his location.  Minutes later another dark sedan pulled up.  Climbing into the back seat he let out a heavy sigh.  “I can’t believe I lost him.  I had him.”  He leaned back and exhaled again.  “None of this makes sense.  Why did they bring Woods in?  I thought he was already in Yuma getting ready to head into Mexico.”
A passenger in the front seat turned halfway around, “No one’s seen anything suspicious at any of the other posts either, but they’ll maintain their positions.  You sure they were going to grab someone tonight?”
“It sounded like it, but maybe they didn’t mean it would happen at the event.  Something is, or was, supposed to happen tonight, I’m sure of it.”  Hamilton gazed out the window into the lighted and bustling streets of Hollywood.  “Gerry said something odd, too.  He and Randy talked briefly about the awards and Randy asked if Gerry thought Blake would be the winner for Best Actor.”
“More than likely,” the driver said.
“I suppose,” Hamilton said, “But, given a remark Gerry made, it seemed to suggest Blake might be the target.”
“Blake?” the front passenger asked.
“Yeah.  When Randy asked Gerry if he thought Blake would win, Gerry replied, He’s a shoe-in, not that it’s going to make much difference after tonight.”
“Interesting,” the passenger replied.
The driver spoke up.  “Blake doesn’t fit the profile.  He’s too well known, too old, and definitely not female.  So why him?”
Hamilton stared out the side window.  “I don’t know,” he replied, unless...”
“Unless?” the front passenger asked.
“Just a theory.  I need to think about it.”  Hamilton leaned back.
“Now where to?” the driver asked.
“Airport for me,” Hamilton replied.
“What’s the hurry?”
“I need to hustle and get back to my other assignment before anyone notices I’m gone.”
“Just watch your back,” the passenger cautioned.
“All the time,” he said.


Chapter Two
Inside the Cultural Arts, Media, Entertainment, and Opera Center, commonly referred to as the CAMEO Center, the atmosphere was still charged with excitement as both fans and stars began exiting the building.  Limousines were lined up near the red carpet with crowds watching in great anticipation from cordoned off bleachers and street corners.  Flashes from cameras and phones produced a strobe effect in every direction creating an almost surreal scene.
It had been an evening of high expectations, thrilling announcements, and a few obvious disappointments.  All aspects of the movie industry had gathered together to acknowledge the previous year’s most highly acclaimed films and related projects.  And while a few of the award recipients were nearly foregone conclusions, others had been stunning surprises.
Perhaps the most anticipated win of the evening proved prophetic as Hunter Blake received the Best Actor award for his starring role in the latest of a long string of similar wins over the years.  Presented by Tiffany Miles, well-known for her frequent leading roles opposite successful actors, including Hunter, she was every bit the glamorous movie star dressed in a sleek silver gown studded with glittering rhinestones topped off with a well-practiced toothy smile.
The assembled crowd had offered respectful cheering and applause, rising to their feet as they watched Hunter mount the opulent stage, while cameras provided bigger-than-life images displayed on enormous LED screens.  Roving shots of key figures in the entertainment industry, from well-known actors and directors to powerful producers, suggested a near-religious experience for many.
Hunter’s acceptance speech acknowledged the efforts of everyone involved in the picture, including two of his closest associates, Gerald Allensby, who produced it and Daniel Davenport, the Executive Producer.
Now that the event was over, Hunter stood in a line waiting for an official statuette with his name engraved on it.  Tiffany joined him, linking her arm in his.
 “You look wonderful,” she oozed.  “We should celebrate.  Just you and I.”
Hunter smiled.  “Well I promised a few people I’d show up at their parties,” he said.  “Don’t want to be disrespectful.  It’ll be pretty late afterward.”
“I don’t mind,” she said with a silky voice and a wink.
Hunter smiled again.  “Maybe another time when we’re not so busy and I’m not so tired.”
“I’m going to hold you to that promise,” she said.
“It wasn’t exactly a promise,” he replied as the line moved forward.
“Oh, yes it was.  And I’m holding you to it.” She pressed into him.  Hunter gently unwrapped her from his body. “We are in a public place, you know.”
“So.”
Daniel Davenport walked over to join them.  “Hunter,” he said and held out his hand.  “Spectacular win once again.”
Hunter shook his hand.  “Spectacular?  I’m just a damn lucky guy, if you ask me.”  “Besides, I couldn’t have done it without you and Gerry.”
“We do make a good team, don’t we?” Daniel said.
“Yes we do.  Every time.  Too bad the film itself didn’t make the cut,” Hunter added. “I don’t get that, especially with the box office numbers it pulled.  Anyway, it had my vote, of course.”
“It takes more than one or two votes,” Daniel said soberly, then lightened up.  “What the hell, with or without awards, we still did exceptionally well.”
“No argument there,” Hunter agreed.
“So Hunter,” Tiffany interrupted, “Are you going to Gerry’s place later?”
“I was planning on it.  How about you two?”
“Of course.  We wouldn’t miss any of his parties,” she said playfully.  “They’re always so much fun.”
Hunter nodded.  “Maybe I’ll see you both later then.”  He took a couple of steps toward the table.  “I guess I should get my award.”
She kissed the end of one finger and ran it along his jaw line then pressed it against his chin with a smile.  “I’ll see you later then... at Gerry’s.”
She and Daniel headed back inside the main hall to visit with a few others who were still lingering.  “So what do you think?” Daniel asked.
“I’ll have him eating out of my hand.  Don’t worry,” she reassured him coolly.
He grinned. “If there is anyone who can persuade Hunter to do anything, it’s you.”  He grabbed a couple of drinks from a passing waiter and handed one to her.  They tapped glasses watching Hunter through the large open door.  “You know these awards are as much a popularity contest as anything else,” he said.
“I know, and I’m sorry the film didn’t win, but his popularity hasn’t hurt your career all that much, Daniel dear.  You still get paid with or without a silly statue.”
“True enough,” he said and took another swig of his drink.  “I’ll see you later, my love.  I need to make a few phone calls.  Please offer my apologies to Hunter for not showing up at Gerry’s, and don’t get too carried away with him.”  He looked at her seriously.  “Just do your job.”
“Don’t worry,” she said. “You can count on me.”  
“That’s my girl.”  Daniel put down his empty glass and kissed her forehead.
“Will I see you later?” she asked looking up into his eyes.
“Not tonight,” he said then headed to his waiting limousine.
Hunter glanced around just in time to see Daniel leave.  Moments later, statuette in hand, he headed for his own limousine where his driver waited patiently.
Charlie, a well-built African American man in his middle forties, had been Hunter’s driver for the past year and a half.  He had an easy manner and great sense of humor, but more importantly he took his work seriously and had forged a close and trusting relationship with Hunter.  In fact Charlie was the only driver Hunter would use when an occasion called for a limousine.
“Congratulations!” Charlie said with a big grin as he held the door open.
“Thanks, Charlie, but now that the event is over, can I ride up front with you like I usually do?”
“You bet.” Charlie waited for Hunter to get seated before closing the door.  Climbing in behind the wheel he asked, “Where to first?”
“I have a list,” Hunter said with a tired sigh.  “I really don’t want to go to any of these, to be honest.”
“Pick two or three.  I’ll drop you off, you can say your hellos, and hurry back out.  I’ll keep the motor running.”
Hunter laughed. “Sounds good to me.”  He pointed to three locations.  “Make Gerry’s the last stop.  After that, we’ll head to the airport.  Did you pick up my luggage?”
“Yes.  Your housekeeper had it all ready and waiting.”
“Millie is a sweetheart and efficient... and organized.  I don’t know what I’d do without her.  Her husband, Harold, used to be my driver.  I think I told you that already, didn’t I?  Well, anyway, they both lived at the house.  He died one night coming to pick me up at the airport.  Massive heart attack.  Drove off the road.  It was hard on Millie... and me.  They were like family.  She still is.”  Hunter glanced at Charlie.  “I’m sorry.  Didn’t mean to be so gloomy.”
“It’s okay, Mr. Blake.  I understand.  And although I knew you’d had another driver you never shared that story with me before.”
Hunter kept watching straight ahead.  “I guess it’s taken this long to come to some kind a peace about his death.  I blamed myself.  It was really late.  He should have been home with Millie.  He might still be alive today.”
“You don’t know that.” Charlie tried to console him.  “When someone’s time is up, there’s nothing any of us can do about it.”
“I suppose,” Hunter said.  “You know, you can call me Hunter.”
“I know.  You keep reminding, but like I always say, I prefer Mr. Blake while I’m working.  It’s more professional.”
Hunter gave in.  “Okay... but it makes me feel...”
“I’m fine with it, sir.”
“Sir.  Now that’s even worse.”
Charlie laughed aloud.  “Yes, sir... Mr. Blake... sir.”
“Okay.  Cut it out.”  Both men chuckled as they headed to the first party.  Charlie pulled up to a large iron gate and waited for an attendant to open it.  Slowly driving ahead, he finally stopped at the front entrance.  
“Stay put,” Hunter said, as he started to step out.  He sat stared at the massive double oak doors.
Charlie patted Hunter on the shoulder.  “Just text me when you’re ready to leave.  I’ll be waiting.”
“Sounds like a plan.” Hunter forced a smile.  “See you in a little while.”
Once inside the large and ornate front doors, he was immediately greeted by an eager crowd and soon absorbed in the festivities.  An hour later, he emerged and headed toward a smiling Charlie.  “That wasn’t so bad, I guess,” Hunter remarked.
Soon they were at the next party already in full swing.  Once again, an excited and cheering crowd encompassed Hunter and led him inside to more cheers and applause.  Charlie looked on in amusement.  “That poor man,” he said and climbed in the limousine to wait.
Two hours later, they finally reached Gerry’s place.  It was well into the early hours of the next morning and Hunter was thoroughly marinated.  Charlie opened the door and waited.  Hunter stepped out rubbing his forehead.  He gave his head a little shake and started to step away, leaning to one side.
Charlie grabbed Hunter’s arm.  “Take it easy there, Mr. Blake.  You gonna be okay?”
Hunter took in a deep breath and let it out.  “I’ll be fine.  I just need a little fresh air.”  Taking another deep breath, he shook his head again and asked, “Am I drunk?”
“Thoroughly,” Charlie responded.  “So I’d go easy on the drinking and eat more solid food, if I were you, sir.”
“I think you’re right.  More food.  Less booze.”
“Or no booze,” Charlie suggested.
“Okay.  I think I can do this but don’t go far.”
“I’ll be right here, sir.” Charlie watched Hunter slowly weave and wobble his way to the front entrance.  Charlie checked his watch and decided to simply lean against the car and wait for a while, just in case.
Once inside, Hunter made his way to the catered spread of foods and imported wines.  Helping himself to something more substantial than alcohol, he stood eating and watching the crowd.  This crowd was more private and included only a select group of individuals who had contributed substantially to the production of the film.  By now, though, almost everyone was either inebriated with alcohol or high on some form of recreational drug or both.  As such, his arrival was virtually unnoticed.  
Eventually Gerry found his star munching on a roast beef sandwich and salty chips.  Leading him to a private alcove he invited Hunter to settle into a comfortable leather chair.  Gerry set a glass of imported wine on the table next to him then sat down.  An inviting fire crackled in a small fireplace between them.  
“A satisfying evening, don’t you think?”  Hunter looked at his friend and business partner of many years.
“That it has been, indeed.”  The two men raised glasses in salute to one another for a job well done.  Hunter waited for Gerry to take a sip, then set his own beverage down, untouched.  “Couldn’t have done it without you,” Gerald said then coughed with an associated sniff.  He fished around in a pocket and pulled out a cough lozenge tossing the shiny wrapper onto a table next to him.
“Same here,” Hunter said then looked at his friend with some concern.  “You feeling okay Gerry?  Catching a cold?”
“Naw.  Just tired, I think.  Maybe it’s the rainy weather.  Either way, I’m glad to be through with all of this for a while.”  He looked at his leading man.  “Hunter Blake,” he said with a degree of admiration.  “So what’s next on your agenda?”
“Nothing much.  I plan to head up to my ranch bright and early so I can take a break and relax.”
“So, what do you call that place of yours?”
Hunter seemed surprised. “What do you mean, what do I call it?  It’s my home.  You know... a place to hang out, and dink around in my workshop.”
“Dink around?”  Gerald was amused.
“Sure, Gerry,” Hunter responded with equal amusement.  “Don’t you ever ‘dink’ around with anything… or anyone?”
“Absolutely, just not in a barn.”  Both men laughed.
“You should try it sometime, my friend.”  Hunter winked at him.  “Actually, I’m tired.  I need a break.  I hate to admit I’m getting old… but…” he let out a sigh.
“You haven’t touched your drink, Hunter.”
“I think I’d rather have coffee.  My head’s swimming enough as it is.”
“I can arrange that.  I’ll have someone bring you some,” Gerry started to get up.
Hunter waved him back down.  “Don’t bother.  I’m not staying long.  I need to get some rest tonight.  Coffee will just keep me up.”  He stared at the crackling fire.  “So, what are you planning to do?”
“Hawaii.  I promised Carolyn.”
“Sounds good.”
“You should come too.  It would be good for you, especially after all the media fallout from your divorce.  You can relax on a warm beach as easily as in some mountain cabin.”
“No thanks.  The best place for me right now is my ranch.”
“All alone.”
“All alone,” Hunter nodded.  “I’m looking forward to it, actually.  Besides, I’m thinking about getting a dog.”  He shifted in the chair and crossed his legs.
“Now what on earth do you want a dog for?  They eat like there’s no tomorrow, pee on everything in sight, chew up stuff, and generally run all over the place tracking in mud and gunk.”
“Gunk?  And you don’t like the word dink?” Hunter couldn’t resist the tease.
“You know what I mean,” Gerry insisted.  “Dogs can be a nuisance.”
“Yes, but some say they are man’s best friend!” Hunter defended himself, still grinning.  “Besides, I could use a best friend right now.  One who will do what I ask, come when called, eat what I offer, sleep on the floor and look like he’s happy as hell when he sees me coming.”  Hunter returned his gaze to the fire.
“So, what kind of dog?”  Gerry asked, gently swirling the beverage in his wine glass.
“A mutt.”
“A mutt.”  Gerry echoed.
“That’s right.  Nothing fancy, just a dog.  Something from the pound, maybe.  Yeah, I’ll rescue some god-forsaken pooch from the pound and give him a good home.”  He grinned.  “I’ll have him eating out of my hand.  He’ll do anything for me because he will be so grateful that I saved him from being executed just because no one wanted him anymore.”
“You are becoming a sap, you know that?”
“Okay, so I’m a sap.  But I’m a successful sap.  A wealthy sap.  I’ve got everything I need, for the most part.”
“Everything except a good woman.”
“I don’t need a woman, and besides, the good ones have all been accounted for, like Carolyn.  She gave up a promising acting career to marry you.  What does she see in you, anyway?”  Hunter laughed.
“A nice big house, a prestigious name, and money.  Lots and lots of money and with an insatiable desire to spend it all!”
“That’s cynical.  She loves you.”
“I guess so,” Gerry said swirling his wine.  “I think Tiffany would like another go around with you.”
Hunter looked around.  “I thought she’d be here by now.  Haven’t seen her yet.”
“She’s around.  Got here about an hour ago.  Don’t worry, she’ll find you,” Gerry said with a casual gesture.  “So when are you leaving?” he asked.  “For Idaho, that is.”
“Like I said, Gerry, later this morning... bright and early.  Maybe you need some coffee.”
“Naw, I’m okay.”  Gerry raised his glass.  “Well, enjoy your time off.”  He took a swig followed by a cough.  Clearing his throat he asked, “Any new projects on the horizon?”
“Don’t know yet.  I’ve gotten a few scripts, one in particular Daniel would like to produce.”
Gerry smiled.  “I’m sure he’d love to make another box office gem like this last one.  He knows you’re a hot ticket right now, him and a number of other prominent producers and directors.”
“Yes, well, I’ll take them along.  I don’t know, something might look good.  Other than that, I’m not in any hurry to dive back into another big project right now.  I just want to take it easy for a while.”
Gerry laughed.  “Knowing you like I do, it will be a very short while.  You can’t stay idle for long.”
Hunter laughed.  “You’re probably right.”  He stood up. “Well, my friend, I need to get going.  Got to get some rest before I leave.”
“Nonsense,” Gerry protested.  “You haven’t even finished your drink.”
“I already told you I need to back off.  I’ve had enough this evening.”
“I know, but one little sip won’t hurt,” Gerry urged him.
“No thanks.  Need to stay clear-headed.”
“Flying?” Gerry asked.
“Of course.  You know me.  It’s the only way to travel.”  Hunter started to walk away.
“Hunter!” a woman said, happily strolling up to him.  “When did you get here?  We’ve all been waiting for you.”
“He’s getting ready to leave, sweetheart,” Gerry said to his wife.
“You can’t leave yet,” Carolyn said, pretending to pout.  “You just got here.”
Hunter shook his head.  “I’m pretty tired.  I need to get some sleep tonight.”
“Stay here,” she said.  “Gerry and I would love to have you stay, wouldn’t we dear?”
“Of course,” Gerry agreed and coughed again, “but he’s determined to fly away.” He gestured aimlessly.
“Gerry, dear, perhaps you should go lie down.”
“I’m fine.  I just need another drink.”  He got up and headed for a nearby waiter with a tray of beverages.
“Hunter, you can’t leave,” Carolyn protested.  “I won’t let you.  Besides, we’re planning a luau next weekend as a sendoff for our Hawaiian vacation.  In fact, you should come too.  It will do you good.  You can go to your dusty old ranch anytime.”
 “I’m sure it will be wonderful, but not this time.  I’m anxious to get home.  Got a few things to take care of there.  Maybe next time.”
“He has to get a dog,” Gerry slurred as he rejoined them with another drink in hand.  He coughed again just as his phone rang.  “Excuse me,” he said and walked away.
“A dog?”  Carolyn asked curiously, but watched her husband.
“That’s right.  Someone I can trust who won’t walk away with half my fortune a year or two from now.  Gerry can explain.  Hey, I really have to go.  Take care of him, will you?  That’s a nasty cough he’s nursing.  Don’t want him catching pneumonia or anything.” Hunter glanced at Gerry and couldn’t help but notice he was either annoyed or somewhat uncomfortable with the phone conversation he was having.
“Who was that, dear?” Carolyn asked when her husband rejoined them.
“Nothing important.” Gerry shrugged it off.  “Just a business call.”
“Everything okay?” Hunter asked.  “You seemed upset.  Besides, it’s kind of late for a business call, don’t you think?”
“In this town?” Gerry smiled.  “Considering I’m looking at the hottest male movie star in Hollywood right now, and the few other awards the film took... last night...” He frowned and took an unsteady sidestep.  Is it tomorrow already?”  He shook his head.  “Doesn’t matter.  I expect we’ll have all kinds of people lining up begging to work with us.”  He gestured emphatically spilling part of his drink.  Carolyn took his arm and urged him to sit down in a nearby chair.
Hunter grinned.  “Yeah, I suppose,” he said knowing full well the active and often behind closed door negotiations that took place in the business.
One last handshake and he headed through the massive marbled entry.  Someone grabbed his arm from behind.
“There you are.”  Tiffany smiled up at him.  “Where are you off to, you silly boy?  The night is still young and you promised to spend some time with me this evening.  Right here... at Gerry’s, remember?”
“So, where’ve you been?” he asked.  “I’ve been here for a while already.  But now I’ve got to go.”
“You can’t.  I won’t let you.  We had a date.  I was just a little preoccupied and lost track of time, that’s all.”  She tilted her head upward.  “You haven’t even kissed me yet.”
Hunter grinned and obliged with a simple kiss.  “How’s that?”
“Not the best, but okay for starters, I suppose.  Stay with me,” she whispered seductively.
“I can’t.  I need to get some rest.”
“You can rest here... with me.  I have our room all ready.  Besides it will be so much nicer than that little cabin of yours up in the woods.”
 He chuckled.  “It’s a ranch, sweetheart, with a nice big house tucked into a beautiful forest in northern Idaho and I’m ready for a change of pace.  Besides, I don’t think I’d be getting much rest if I stay here.”
“Then take me with you.  I wouldn’t mind spending some time with you in the woods.”  She gave him another seductive look, pressing into him.
Hunter just looked at her.  “I don’t get it.  The last time we were together, which wasn’t all that long ago, you were throwing things and screaming obscenities at me.  Now all of a sudden you want to get cozy.  What’s up?  Why this sudden change of heart?”
She gave him an innocent look.  “Last time I couldn’t understand why you wouldn’t divorce your wife and choose me instead.  I’ve never stopped thinking about you, Hunter.  I really regret what happened.  So... let me make it up to you.”  She fingered the buttons on his white shirt.  “You won’t be sorry.”
“Why do I get the feeling there’s something else going on, huh?”  He grinned.  “You angling to be my next leading lady?”
“That wouldn’t be so bad, would it?”
Hunter laughed.  “I don’t even have another picture lined up yet.”
“I just miss you, that’s all.  I realize now what a terrible mistake I made and how unfair I was to you.  I want to start over.  Can’t we start over, Hunter?”
“Start over?  Well, in spite of your angry assault on me last year, I did get that divorce, as you well know, over six months ago.  Where were you then?” he asked.  “Not that it matters.  I’m not all that anxious to jump into another relationship right now, not even with you... as tempting as it may be.”
“Just one night with me isn’t a relationship Hunter... it’s just two people having a good time.  It will give me a chance to really let you know how sorry I am.”
“Tiffany,” he began.
“Hunter,” she interrupted, wrapping her arms around his neck and looking up into his eyes.  He hesitated a moment then surrendered to her desire and kissed her for several long seconds.  “I gotta go,” he whispered, peeling himself away.  “I really do.”
“You’re breaking my heart,” she said, tearing up.  “I really thought you cared for me at one time.  You used to love spending time with me.”
Hunter looked into her softened eyes.  “I did like spending time with you.  I told you then I was planning on getting a divorce, so your outburst didn’t make sense to me.”
“I was a silly and... and a selfish little girl then, but now... now I’m a woman.  I’ve grown up.  I know what I want and why,” she breathed out.  “And I really... want... you, Hunter.  I really do.”
Hunter pulled out his handkerchief and gently dabbed at her manufactured tears.  “I don’t know Tiff...”
“Please.  Just for a few hours.”  Her eyes were pleading.  “Just one hour.”
Hunter glanced at the front door and back at her.  “I suppose one hour would be okay.”  He relented.  “Then I really do have to go.”
“Good,” she smiled.
“But I need to talk to my driver.”
“Alright.  I’ll be waiting upstairs... in our usual room.”  She released her hold and watched as he stepped out into the chilly night air to his waiting limousine.
Carolyn walked up to her.  “So?  Is he staying?”
“For a while.  Should be long enough, I would think.”
“Good girl.  I knew you could handle him.”
“You know you can count on me.” Tiffany grinned.  “He always surrenders to me.”
Carolyn rejoined her husband.  “It won’t be long now.  Tiffany has everything under control. You might as well relax, dear, and enjoy your party.”
“Promise he won’t be harmed in any way.”
“Of course, darling.  He’s my friend too.  But we have to do this or else everything comes crashing down and we will be completely ruined.”
Outside, Hunter paused on the front porch feeling uncertain about his decision then walked over to his driver.  “Thanks Charlie,” he said.  “Hey, uh... someone wants me to stay a while longer.  I... uh...”
“I understand.  I can wait.”
Hunter stood with his hands in his pockets looking at Charlie.  “I don’t know.  Something’s...”
“Something’s what?” Charlie asked.
“Something’s not right,” Hunter said looking back at the house.  “I know I’ve had a little too much to drink tonight, but I have this... feeling.  Hey, if I’m not out in an hour, come get me, will you?”
“Well, sir, I’d love to do that, but unless I’m dressed in a tuxedo, I can assure you they won’t let me in the door.”
Hunter stood thinking then said, “Okay... drive outside the gate and park at the curb.” He started back to the house.  “And keep the motor running.  For real this time.”
“You’re really worried about something, aren’t you?” Charlie gave him a curious look.
“Yeah.  Everyone’s so anxious for me to stay.”
“Is that unusual?”
“This time?  Yes.  It feels different somehow.  And Tiffany...”
“Tiffany?” Charlie asked.  “I thought the two of you...”
“Yeah.  So did I, but now all of a sudden she wants me to spend the night with her.  She’s acting sorry... wants us to start over...”
“Interesting,” Charlie said.
“Yeah.  I know she’s a pretty good actress, but she’s almost overdoing it.  She even cranked up some tears.  Something’s up and it doesn’t feel good.  Even Carolyn was insisting I stay.  She’s offered before, but not like this.
“Sure you want to go back inside?”
“No.  But now I’m curious.  Something’s up and I want to know what it is.”
“Okay.  I’ll be waiting.  But if you’re gone longer?”
Hunter looked at him thoughtfully then said, “Call the cops.”
“Sir?”
“I’d rather be embarrassed by a false alarm than end up being sorry later.”
“You feel it’s that serious?”
“For some reason, yes.  I do.”
 “I don’t know,” Charlie said.  “If you’re feeling that uneasy...” His concern was genuine.  “You may play detective roles in your movies, but this is real.  So, be careful.”
“I will.  See you shortly.”  Hunter headed back inside.  The clamor and laughter had died down and several guests were passed out on sofas.  He could see Carolyn engaged in animated conversation with a couple of people across the room while Gerry was helping himself to more food.  Hunter mounted the stairs and soon stood at the bedroom door.  He took a deep breath before giving a light tap and stepping inside.
The room was dark, except for the flicker of light coming from a private gas fireplace on the wall opposite the bed.  “Tiff?” he called out.  “You here?”  It was quiet.  He turned on a table lamp and glanced around.  The bed was turned down.  On a side table a bottle of champagne rested in a metal bucket of ice on a nearby table along with two flutes.  
He noticed a handwritten note next to the bottle of wine that read, ‘Help yourself, I’ll be right there.’  The bottle was already open and one flute had a swallow of champagne still in it with traces of lipstick on the rim.
“Tiff?” he called again then peeked in the bathroom.  It was dark and that uneasiness he’d been feeling earlier was stronger than ever.  Under different circumstances he would have helped himself to a drink and climbed into bed in anticipation of a rousing night with an alluring woman.  He had no such desires tonight, however.  Deciding to leave, he headed for the bedroom door just as it opened.
“Hunter,” Tiffany said, her figure silhouetted against the soft light from the hallway.  Stepping into the room, she quietly closed the door.  “I’m so glad we’re going to be together tonight.  It’ll be like old times... when they were better.  Don’t you agree?”  She walked over to him and looked at the wine glasses.  “You haven’t had any champagne yet.”
“You didn’t wait for me,” he said.
“I couldn’t resist.  I apologize.  Let me pour you some and we can toast this romantic night.”  She filled his flute halfway and handed it to him then picked up her own glass and held it up.  “To us, Hunter.  You and me.  Together again.”
“Don’t you think you’re getting a little ahead of yourself?” he asked.  “A one night stand isn’t necessarily the same as getting together again.”
“Alright.  To a one night stand that I’m sure will lead to better and more satisfying times ahead.”  She drank her last sip.  “Drink up, my love.”
“Actually, I’ve had enough for one night.  I need to keep my head clear so I can fly home later this morning.”  He set the glass down.  “But you’re welcome to more if you like.  Let me,” he said taking the bottle and offering to pour.
Tiffany quickly placed a hand over the top of her glass and smiled.  “I’ve probably had enough, too.”  She also set her glass down.  “How about I go get ready.  I’ll only be a minute.  Warm up the bed?”  She disappeared into the bathroom and closed the door.
Without hesitating Hunter immediately left.  Deciding to take the back stairs, he hurried to the ground floor and exited through the kitchen bustling with staff.
“Good night, Mr. Blake,” someone said.
“Oh... I’m not leaving.  Just needed some fresh air for a few minutes.  A little too much to drink, I think.  Stomach’s not feeling too well.”  He feigned getting sick, covering his mouth as he headed out to a side yard.  Looking around, he quietly made his way to the street and found Charlie waiting for him.
“Sorry I took so long,” Hunter said as he hurried to the limousine.
“Not a problem, sir.”  Charlie glanced at his watch.  “You still had some time left on the clock.”
“Is this your limo?” Hunter asked looking at a much shorter vehicle.
“No.  I traded with one of the other drivers.”
“You did?  Why?”
“I found a handkerchief covered in vomit tossed in the ivy over there.”
Hunter looked at him. “So?”
“So, I tossed it in the back of my limo.”
“Why would you do that?”
“Shouldn’t we get going?” Charlie asked, opening the front passenger door.
“Yeah... but...”
“I’ll explain.  Just get in!”  Charlie pushed Hunter into the car and closed the door.  Hurrying around, he climbed in and took off.  “I paid another guy a couple hundred bucks to take my car.  I gave him a line about not wanting you to be embarrassed about getting sick and he just nodded and grinned at the wad of bills I offered as he handed me his keys.  I promised you wouldn’t lose your lunch in this one... so keep it down.” Charlie laughed.
“Yeah, sure, but why the switch?”
“Just a precaution,” Charlie said calmly.
Hunter glanced at the side mirror then chuckled.  “You really do watch my movies.”
“Yes sir.  I just improvise a little here and there from time to time.”
“Sounds like you’ve done this type of thing before.”
“From time to time,” Charlie said.
“Good man.”  Hunter glanced at the side mirror again.  “You think anyone will figure it out?”
“Not for a while.  If any paparazzi intended to follow you in my limo, they’ll be headed back to the yard where most of us keep these cars.  By the time they realize you’re not there, you’ll be long gone.”
“What about my luggage?”
“I got it.  You’re all set.”
“How long ago did you switch with this other guy?”
“About ten minutes,” Charlie said.  “So... how’d it go back there?  Find out anything?”
“Not really.  Tiffany was being very secretive.  Tried to get me to drink some champagne.”
“I would expect that.”
“Yeah, but she wasn’t in the room when I got there, and the bottle was already open.  One glass had a little wine left in it with her lipstick on the rim.  A note said to help myself.  That seemed odd.  If she were so eager to spend a very intimate night with me, why not wait so we could open the wine together?  She used to love to hear the pop of the cork and watch the bubbles ooze out and down the side.  She always said it was sexy to watch.”
“Mmm-hmm.”  Charlie grinned knowingly.
“Yeah, and then she poured half a glass for me and said to drink up.  And... she wouldn’t let me refill her glass.”
“You think it was laced with something?”
“You don’t miss a beat, do you?  Yes, for some reason I do.”  Hunter let out a sigh.  “But I don’t know why I had that feeling.  You know, it’s one thing to act this stuff out for a picture.  Everything’s scripted and choreographed.  But tonight... I don’t know.  It still felt almost scripted somehow, except I didn’t get a copy.  I just want to get out of town and go home,” he said as Charlie wound through the prestigious neighborhood toward a main boulevard.”
“I can imagine,” Charlie said.  He kept checking his side mirrors then made an unexpected turn at the next corner.
“You see something?” Hunter asked.
“Not sure.  I thought we might have picked up a tail.”
“You think that other driver ratted us out?”
“Could be.  Anything’s possible.  As you know, money talks in this town.” Charlie took another turn.  “But not only that, I’m sure they have the airport staked out as well... that is... if you’re being followed for some reason by someone other than photographers.”
“Yeah?  But why?  What did I do?”
Charlie kept his eye on traffic and his mirrors.  “I don’t feel good about taking you straight to the airport.  In fact, I’m not so sure now it’s such a good idea for you to head to Idaho.  It’s no secret you have a place up there, you know.”
“I know, but where else would I go?  No, I’ll go home, but I know someone up there who may be able to help.  Now I just want to know what’s going on.” 
“You planning on staying in town tonight?” Charlie asked.
“I was.  I booked a room at a hotel near the airport, but I use an alias when I do that and a credit card belonging to my company to pay for it.  My name isn’t on anything.”
“Anybody else know you do that?”
Hunter groaned, “Yes.”
“So skip the hotel.  How tired are you?”
“At the moment... not very.  I’m too keyed up.”
“How long a flight is it?”
“Three hours, tops.”  Hunter replied.   “Most of the distance I’ll be on autopilot, so I should be able to make it okay.  I just have to be alert to any audibles from the onboard systems, but at this hour, there shouldn’t be a lot of traffic up there.”
“Then we’ll take our chances and go straight to the airport,” Charlie said. 
Twenty minutes later, Hunter directed him to a gate that allowed them access to the airfield.  They drove onto the apron and pulled up to his personal jet.  Both men climbed out, looking around nervously.  Almost immediately a security car pulled up and two uniformed security officers got out.
Immediately they recognized Hunter.  “Mr. Blake.  Good evening,” one of the officers said.
“Good evening,” Hunter replied.  “Something wrong?”
“No, we’re just making sure who’s coming and going tonight.”
“Anything unusual going on here?” Charlie asked.
One officer looked out across the lighted airstrip.  “Not really.  One car drove by earlier.  They slowed down but didn’t stop.”
“Did you stop them?  Get any identification?  License plate number?  Anything?” Charlie asked.
“No.  We didn’t have a reason to stop them.  They didn’t do anything wrong.  Besides, we don’t have the authority to do much other than question people and ask them to move along.”
“And did they... move along?” Charlie asked.  “Did you actually see them leave the area.”
“No.  Too dark and we were on rounds.  We called it in to airport security, though.”
Hunter looked around nervously.  “How long ago was that?”
“Maybe twenty or thirty minutes ago?”  He said.  His partner nodded.
“So they never actually got out and touched the plane?” Charlie asked.
“No.  They didn’t.”
“Well, thank you for letting us know, at least,” Hunter said, shaking their hands.  “I appreciate it.”  Both men nodded then climbed back in their vehicle and left.
Hunter turned to Charlie.  “You sure had some interesting questions.  If I didn’t know better, I’d say you have some law enforcement background.”  He studied his driver’s face.
Charlie merely smiled.  “Like you said, I like to watch your movies.  I’ve learned a thing or two.”
“Yeah, but why do I get the feeling you’re holding back on me?”
Charlie pulled Hunter’s luggage from the trunk of the limousine.  “I think you should get going.  Whoever was driving that car may not have gone far and might be watching... and taking pictures.”
“Yeah,” Hunter said, looking around again.  “So what about you?” he asked opening the cabin door to his jet.  “Someone might track you down or follow you... or something.”
“Anything’s possible,” he agreed.
“You due for a vacation?” Hunter asked impulsively.  
“Me?  Depends on where.”
“How about Idaho?”
“Idaho.  Now what would I do in Idaho?  Isn’t that a redneck state?” He laughed.
“It’s changed a lot,” Hunter said.  “Not so redneck anymore.”
“I think I’ll pass this time,” Charlie said, “But thanks for the invitation.”
“Anytime.”  Hunter stowed his things in the tail section of his jet then shook Charlie’s hand.  “You’re a good man.  Call me if you need anything and watch your back.”
“I will... on both counts.  You do the same.”  Charlie got back in the limo and pulled a short distance away while Hunter secured his aircraft and got ready to leave.  He reviewed his checklist one more time as he waited for each engine to warm up.   Soon he was ready to move out onto the taxiway.
Charlie sat in his car and watched until Hunter was lined up and ready for takeoff.  Moments later, the jet was airborne, climbing high into the early morning sky with a very faint glow in the east signaling a rising sun.
Making a call, Charlie waited for someone to answer.  “Wheels up,” he reported.
In the meantime, Hunter gripped the yoke as he continued to climb.  Even as tired as he was, it felt good to be in the air and away from all the hustle and bustle of Southern California, but especially from whatever the Allensby’s and Tiffany had cooked up.  “I sure hope all of this is just my overactive imagination and nothing else,” he said, trying to comfort himself as he climbed higher.
With autopilot engaged, it wasn’t long until he reached ten thousand feet and able to finally relax a little.  Once home, he could sleep all he wanted but for now he needed to remain alert.  Like Charlie said, it was no secret where he was headed.
Twenty minutes into his flight, his head had cleared considerably.  He guessed it was the rush of adrenaline he’d experienced the last hour or so that helped.  With a smile, he made up his mind to get a dog.  Not only would it be a great deterrent to someone lurking around, but also a companion he could trust and not because of his career or wealth.  He’d get a faithful dog that would be genuinely happy to be with him, and for no other reason than that.


Chapter Three

It had been three weeks since the CAMEOs.  Hunter was rudely awakened from a comfortable and sound sleep by his phone ringing on the night stand.  By the time he managed to grab it, he’d missed the call and there was no caller identification.  “Another one,” he mumbled.  Since getting home to his ranch he’d gotten several anonymous calls but no one left messages.  It was starting to wear on his nerves.
He got up, stretched, then parted the curtains and peeked outside.  “Beautiful,” he said at the sight of a new blanket of snow, soft and pristine. Nothing had disturbed it yet, not even animal tracks.
Pulling on a robe and slippers, he shoved his phone in a pocket and ambled downstairs to start a pot of coffee then poured a glass of orange juice and sat down.
Sipping his juice, he flinched when his phone rang again. Angry, he yanked it from his pocket.  Another blocked call. He finished his juice and took the glass to the sink. Moments later, his phone beeped.
“At least someone left a message this time.”  He dialed in to his voice mail and listened.  It was Tiffany.
“Hunter, I’m very annoyed with you.  You ran out on me and never explained why.  I want you to know that I forgive you and I’ve been thinking about you.  I can’t stay angry at you for long and I miss you.  Have you been thinking about me?  Please call me back.  Here’s my new number.”  
Hunter found an old envelope and wrote it down, then immediately wadded it up and tossed it in the trash.  That uneasy feeling was back.  If she had been that annoyed and missed him so much why wait three weeks to say so.  The Tiffany he used to know wouldn’t have waited so long. 
Following his quick departure from southern California, after the awards, Hunter had comfortably settled in at his ranch, nestled in the mountains northeast of Coeur d’Alene, Idaho.  It was peaceful and quiet.  No city noise.  No swarm of paparazzi snapping countless photos everywhere he went, and outside of the annoying blocked calls, there were no incessant phone calls from producers and directors.  He liked that just fine.
He was content to be home.  He didn’t even have cable television.  Instead, his entertainment included working in a well-stocked workshop in a remodeled barn, and reading an occasional good book.  Flying, however, was his real joy and passion.  In addition to his private jet, which he kept at the local airport, he also owned a sleek white helicopter with room for six passengers.  It sat on a landing pad near the ranch house during warmer weather, but in winter, and whenever he was going to be gone for extended periods of time, he housed it in hangar built soon after he purchased the ranch property.
In spite of his successful career in film, Hunter had been plagued with a string of unsuccessful hit and miss relationships and three failed marriages, the last one involving heated and angry negotiations.  He was convinced marriage was some kind of deranged institution designed to provide former spouses with a lifetime of financial security, all at his expense.  “Never again!” he proclaimed to friends, once the divorce was final.  “I’m through with charitable giving!”
Hunter headed to the living room and added kindling and new logs to the few glowing coals left over from the previous evening’s fire.  Soon he had another cheery blaze snapping and crackling.  
Settling into his well-used recliner, Hunter glanced around then reached for a newly acquired computer tablet to check emails and peruse the local online paper.  After skimming a few headlines, he happened onto the classified page and almost immediately noticed a particular ad.  Impulsively, he made a phone call, had a quick conversation, then got dressed and headed to Coeur d’Alene in his four-wheel drive pickup truck.  
Outside of making a couple of trips to town, in between snow flurries to stock up on a few things, he’d stayed close to home since coming back.  And other than the annoying anonymous phone calls the past few weeks, he’d managed to avoid anything else unusual.
Pulling up in front of a home in an older section of Coeur d’Alene near downtown, he shut off the engine and examined the tiny residence.  The front yard was fenced with chain link which stood roughly three feet high.  The snow was discolored by mud and riddled with animal tracks.  One leafless tree stood in the front yard.  A length of rope was tied to it, with a dog at the other end digging madly in the muddy mess.
Free, to a Good Home, an ad had read. The dog turned suddenly to see who had just stopped at his yard and bounded to the fence, eagerly propping his muddy front paws on the top crosspiece.  He let out a friendly bark and wagged his tail so hard that Hunter thought the poor thing was going to snap in two.
“Maybe Gerry was right,” Hunter mumbled under his breath at the sight of the dog’s muddy paws.
The door to the rundown home opened and a middle-aged woman with matted gray hair and dark circles under her eyes stepped out onto the porch.  She tugged at an ill-fitting coat, trying to pull it around her for warmth.  “You here about the dawg?” she called out from the doorway.
“I sure hope this isn’t going to be a mistake,” he said then stepped out of his truck.  Quickly sizing up the woman and the dog he answered, “Ah… yes.  I called this morning.”
Well, he’s yers if you want ‘im.  I’ll go git his leash.  Be right back.”  She didn’t give him a chance to say whether or not he actually wanted the dog before she returned carrying a plastic grocery bag bulging with an odd assortment of items.
“Ya did want the dawg, right?” she finally asked, standing at the gate holding out the bag.  A half-smoked cigarette dangled from her lips as she waited for Hunter to take the bag.
Hunter looked at the muddy mongrel still eagerly wagging his tail.  “Sure.  Why not?”  He accepted the bag and the woman untied the dog.  She struggled to hold onto his bright blue leather collar as Hunter opened the gate and reached for the dog’s collar.
“You’ll have ta grab him here and put the leash on him,” she indicated with her free hand, flicking ashes at the same time.  “He’s a bit muddy.”
“I can see that,” Hunter answered and reached for the dog’s collar.  “By the way,” he asked, wrestling with the excited pooch, “why are you giving him away?”
“Oh, he was my husband’s, but Earl passed a couple of months ago and I don’t got no use fer ‘im.  He’s too much ta handle.”  She took a long drag on her cigarette then blew the smoke out the side of her mouth as she watched Hunter struggle to hook up the leash.  The excited dog could barely hold still.
“Friendly,” he mumbled as he continued to struggle with the mutt.
“He don’t bite er nothin’.”
“Does he have a name?” He looked at the woman.  She was nearly toothless.
“We call ‘im Buster,” she responded with an unavoidable lisp.
“Buster,” Hunter looked at him.  “Nice name.”  His sarcasm seemed lost on the woman as she replied.
“Yep.  We thought so.”
Hunter eyed his new dog.  “You are a real mess, you know that?”  He grinned and Buster wagged his tail.  “I’ll need to clean your feet.”  Hanging onto the leash, Hunter grabbed a towel from the cab then lowered the tailgate.  “Hop up here,” he said.
For the next several minutes Hunter did his best to clean the feet of a very excited dog while the woman stood watching and flicking ashes.  Hunter finally put Buster in the cab and shut the door.
“Thanks, again,” he said to the woman, offering some cash in spite of the ad.  She started to refuse then noticed the hundred-dollar bill.
“Well, okay… if you insist,” she said flicking more ashes as she reached for the bill.  There was a slight curl to her lip as she walked back to the house and disappeared inside.  From a window, she watched Hunter drive away then removed a dental appliance from her mouth, and pulled off a wig.
“That was easy enough,” a man’s voice said. “Let’s hope that damned dog remembers his lessons.”
“That’s no way to talk about your former canine friend,” the woman said in a more cultured voice.  “Besides, they only had three weeks to prep him.”
“I hate that dog,” he replied.
“Yes, well, he’s not all that fond of you either.”  She snuffed out the cigarette.  “Not like I am.”
He put his arms around her.  “Does Gerry have even the slightest idea about us?”
“Not a clue, Daniel dear,” she said.

Hunter drove to a local grocery store on the way out of town to pick up a few things.  He left one window open a couple of inches so Buster could sniff the air.  “You’ll have to wait here, but I’ll make it quick,” he said, then hurried inside.
Quickly gathering an assortment of things for Buster, he joined a few others waiting in line to check out.  Everyone smiled, stared, and whispered excitedly.  Hunter took it all in stride and chatted with a few of them until it was his turn to load items onto the conveyor.
He stepped up to the small raised counter to pay just as a customer came in the automatic door.  Instantly everyone was fully aware of a dog barking excitedly out in the parking lot.  At first Hunter didn’t pay much attention, but the barking continued and became more intense.
“Sounds like somebody’s dog isn’t too happy out there,” the clerk said as she rang up his items.
Now a little uneasy, Hunter glanced toward the front windows trying to see his truck.  Another customer entered.  The barking had escalated to an obviously threatening pitch.
He quickly paid the clerk and mumbled a thank you, as he grabbed the loaded grocery cart and hurried outside.  Approaching his truck, he noticed a couple of kids with skateboards teasing Buster.
“Hey!” Hunter yelled.  “What are you doing!”
Startled, the kids started running, jumped on their skateboards, and wheeled away.
“You okay, pal?”  Hunter asked as he approached.  He put the bags of groceries on the floor in the cab then got in and started the engine.  “Kids.  Haven’t they got anything better to do?”

The drive back to the ranch was beautiful with so much snow everywhere.  Buster tapped his tail on the seat and happily watched out the front window.  Giving him an ear rub, Hunter grinned.
“You’re gonna like your new home,” he said.
An hour later, Buster was clambering over Hunter in an effort to jump from the cab the minute the door opened.  As his new dog happily ran off to explore, Hunter collected his grocery bags and called out, “Don’t run off!” He laughed as he watched Buster trample the new fallen snow in every possible direction then went inside. Getting the fire stoked up first, he put away groceries then stood at a window gazing out at the landscape.  Zipping up his jacket he decided to go out to the barn.
He pulled open the large doors and stepped inside.  With a smile, he breathed deeply, drinking in the assortment of workshop smells as well as aged straw in the overhead loft.  He wandered through his work area, fingering a stack of lumber then ended up at the doorway of a small room previously used for saddles and bridles.  Buster had wandered in and was watching and sniffing the air then looked up at Hunter. 
 “What do you think, Buster?  You like your new home?  I thought we could put one of those nice dog beds in that corner,” he pointed.  “There’s plenty of sunlight from the two windows up there, and I can put a small heater in here so it’s nice and cozy for you.”
Hunter stepped into the room but Buster stayed at the door, still sniffing with his ears laid back.  Looking up at Hunter again, his eyes were softened.  Instead of a happy bark, he let out a whimper.
“What’s the matter?  Don’t you like it?  It’s your very own room.”
Buster continued to watch Hunter while maintaining a position near the doorway, but just as Hunter took a step toward him, Buster turned and bolted out of the barn and up a snowy embankment.
Confused, Hunter followed.  “What’s wrong, Buster?” he asked as he knelt down.  “Come here.”  He coaxed him.  “Why do I get the feeling you aren’t going to like sleeping in there?  Huh?  You a house dog and not a ranch dog?  Or did something spook ya?  Huh?”
Buster slowly walked up to him.  Hunter rubbed the dog’s ears and gently ran a hand down his back, noticing for the first time some scabs under his fur.  Buster flinched slightly.
“Poor guy.  Someone’s been mistreating you, haven’t they?”  Buster looked up at him.  “That’s not good.”
Standing up, he frowned and thought of Buster’s previous owner.  “I sure hope she isn’t responsible for this,” he said.  “Well, Buster, guess what?  You’re home now.  And if you don’t want to sleep in the barn, that’s okay.  You can stay in the house, but we’ll have to work on some rules.  That okay with you?”
Buster wagged his tail slightly.  Hunter grinned. “I think I’d better take you to a vet and have you checked out.”  Walking back to the house, Hunter breathed in the cool winter air and smiled.  “Welcome to your new home, Buster,” he said.  “It’s just you and me, pal, a couple of carefree bachelors.”


Chapter Four
Buster was thoroughly checked out by a local veterinarian who noted the welts were fairly recent.  Now sporting a new ID chip implant, Buster happily napped in a sunny spot on the living room carpet.
Hunter sat in a nearby chair with his feet propped up on the coffee table.  A cozy fire crackled in the fireplace to ward off the persistent winter chill.  He was half-way through one of a few scripts he’d been offered before the CAMEOs took place.  Reading through one Daniel Davenport had given him, he was trying to get a feel for the part he’d been offered.
Although somewhat intrigued, he was having a hard time concentrating and subsequently put it aside to gaze out a window from his chair.  With the drapes drawn back, he could see mountains across the valley glistening with snow.
Hunter stood up and stretched, then walked to the back door, grabbing his coat from a hook on the way. He admired the white landscape from the porch.  “I love it here,” he said.  His thoughts were interrupted by a phone call.  Pulling out his phone, he glanced at the screen and raised an eyebrow then answered, “Hello?”
“How’s it going?” the caller asked.
Hunter knew his voice and was immediately annoyed.  “Now what do you want?”
“Is that any way to talk to your favorite brother?” the caller asked.
“You’re my only brother.  What do you want?”
“Just to hear the sound of your voice.”
“I’ll bet,” Hunter replied.  “Since when did you decide to block your phone number?  Worried I’d stop answering?  How much do you need this time?”
“So many questions but not one, ‘How are you?’  I’m hurt, big brother.”
“How much, Andrew?”
“Not a dime.  Just checking in.”
“Yeah, right.”
“Okay.  Have it your way.  So where are you?” Andrew asked.
“What difference does that make?  Just tell me what you want so I can get back to work.”
“Work?  You on another film project already?  Don’t you ever take time to relax?”
“I am relaxing… or I was.”
“Yeah, well considering how quiet it is, I’m guessing you’re back at the ranch.”
“Why do you care where I am?  It can’t be quiet inside my house in L.A.?”
“I usually hear lawn mowers in the back ground or that big old clock of yours in the foyer chiming every fifteen minutes.”
“We haven’t been talking for fifteen minutes.”
“No, but it’s a quarter past the hour.  It would have chimed by now.”
“What does my damn clock have to do with anything!  Drew! What’d’ya want!”  Hunter demanded.
“Just checking in with my big brother, okay?  Wondered how you’re doing.  Just wanted to catch up, that’s all.”
“Since when have you ever wanted to catch up?”  Hunter sputtered in exasperation.  “You always want something and it usually translates into cash!”
“Not always.”
Hunter said something unintelligible under his breath.
“Never mind,” Andrew replied.  “Just thought I’d call.”  The line went dead.
“Damn!” Hunter spewed through clenched teeth.  Buster was at the back door and let out a bark.  Hunter quickly opened the door.  “Don’t worry, pal.  I’m not mad at you.  Just an annoying call from my idiot brother, that’s all.”  Hunter stormed back inside with Buster at his heels.
“Hungry?” he asked.  “I am.”  Standing with the refrigerator door wide open, Hunter examined the contents then closed it.  “I want a hamburger.  How about you?”  Buster wagged his tail in response.  “Well then, let’s go see Mitch.”
Still wearing his coat, he loaded his pockets with the usual items and went outside with Buster, locking the door and giving it a good shake before climbing down the steps.  Minutes later they were enjoying a scenic drive out to the highway on their way to a favorite hamburger joint about thirty minutes away.

The diner wasn’t too busy, mostly because of the weather, which suited Hunter just fine.  He sat at the counter to chat with Mitch until two seared burgers were ready then took them out to Buster on a paper plate.  Once back inside, he settled into a favorite booth.
Mitch brought his food then picked up the conversation again.  “So, you sticking around for a while this time?” he asked as he set the plate down.
“Yeah.  I’m enjoyed the peace and quiet and spending time with Buster.”
“So I noticed.”  Mitch smiled then changed the subject.  “Forecast says we might see a warming spell.”  He chuckled. “Maybe a degree or two.   I’m looking forward to spring,” he said.  “I usually get more customers when the weather is better.”
“Yeah,” Hunter agreed.  “Warmer weather would be nice.  It was cold and rainy when I left Los Angeles a few weeks ago.”
Mitch nodded. “He seems happy enough,” he said looking out at the truck.  Buster was sitting up licking his chops and watching Mitch through the window.  He barked a couple of times.  
Hunter laughed.  “I guess he’s ready to go.”  Mitch went back to the kitchen and Hunter took his time enjoying the hamburger.  Finally getting up to leave, he left payment on the table, including a generous tip, and gave a wave to Mitch as he walked out to his truck.
Half an hour later, he pulled up to the ranch house and parked.  Buster scrambled over Hunter and jumped to the ground as soon as the door opened.  “Darned dog,” he said and he climbed out.  He mounted his porch steps and had his key out then noticed the door was slightly ajar.  “I know I locked this before I left,” he mumbled, then nervously glanced about.  Retreating down the steps, he let out a short whistle.  Buster raced back with his usual enthusiasm.
“Get back in the truck,” he said, trying to stay calm.  Buster stopped to sniff the air then let out a low growl.  “What is it?”  Hunter asked.  “Somebody in there?”  He looked at the house with an uneasy feeling.
Holding the door open, he urged Buster to jump in then quickly joined him.  His first thought was to call the sheriff and meet them down the road.  Instead, he drove up to his helicopter parked a short distance away.  Within minutes they lifted off.  Hovering for a moment, Hunter watched, hoping to catch a glimpse of whoever might be inside.
Then without warning, a ping and simultaneous spark bounced off the nose of his aircraft just missing the windshield.  In a split second, he made a beeline over the house, and disappeared beyond a nearby snow-covered hilltop.  A couple of miles further he banked around and headed northwest for Frank Bradley’s place.
Frank had been a friend and confidant to Hunter for a number of years.  They originally met in Los Angeles while attending a charity event for a children’s organization.  Hunter learned that Frank was an attorney living in northern Idaho and ended up exchanging contact information with him before the evening was over.
A common love of flying also helped them bond.  Over time, Hunter developed a trust and close relationship with Frank that he didn’t have with his other attorneys.  He enjoyed the fact that Frank wasn’t part of the Hollywood scene.  His work focused on criminal law unrelated to the entertainment industry.  And it was through Frank that Hunter found and eventually purchased his Idaho property.  If there was anyone he felt he could really trust it was Frank.
Within minutes, he was setting down at the snowy end of a private airstrip near the Bradley home.  The front door opened and Karen stepped out onto her porch to greet him as he and Buster climbed out of the aircraft.  With a wide grin, she waved him inside.
“Hurry in out of the cold,” she said, giving him a big hug.  “My gosh!  It’s been a while,” she exclaimed, quickly closing the door.  “I saw the awards program.  Congratulations!  Again!”
“Thanks,” he mumbled, somewhat embarrassed.
“I see you brought a friend,” she said looking out a window.
Hunter couldn’t help but smile as he watched his companion run around exploring the Bradley’s yard.  “Do you mind if Buster comes in too?” he asked.
“No... as long as you clean his feet first and he doesn’t jump on the furniture.”  She smiled at Hunter.
“He’s good.  He’ll behave.”  Hunter opened the door and whistled for his dog.
“When did you get him?” Karen asked.
“Soon after I got back from Los Angeles.”
“Let me take your coat and I’ll get a towel for Buster.”
“Thanks,” he said.
She looked at him and noticed he seemed upset.  “What’s wrong, Hunter?”
“Frank home?” he asked.
“No.  He’s at the office.  What is it, Hunter?  What’s wrong?”
“Somebody just took a shot at me,” he said abruptly, as Buster trotted in and stood next to Hunter. 
“What!”  Karen was incredulous.  “Are you hurt?  Did you get hit?”
“No, I’m fine, but I need to talk to Frank.”
“Of course!  Let me grab a towel then I’ll call him right away.”  Karen hurried to the kitchen and came back with a towel then called Frank.  “He’s on his way but it’ll be about forty-five minutes or so, especially with the road conditions.”
“That’s okay.  I’ll just sit here and wait if you don’t mind,” Hunter said.
“You can stay as long as you like.  Stay the night if you need to.  You know you’re always welcome here.”
“I know.  But I feel like I’m imposing since I haven’t been around much.  I just get so busy and…”
“It’s okay, Hunter.  We understand.  Can I get you something?”
“No, thanks.”  He drew in a deep breath and let it out slow.  “Who would want to shoot me?  What did I do?”
“I have no idea.  Let’s just wait for Frank to get here.  He’ll know what to do.  He always does, it seems.”
“Yeah,” Hunter said, focusing on the flames dancing in the fireplace.  Karen excused herself and went back to the kitchen and he sat on the sofa to wait.  Bewildered and worried, he watched Buster who had curled up in front of the fire.
The minutes seemed to creep along slowly as he waited.  Eventually Frank arrived home and burst through the front door.  “Hunter!  What happened?  Karen said something about you being shot.  Are you hurt?  Need a doctor?”
“No.  No, I’m fine, I’m not shot.  A bullet hit my rig, though.   But we’re okay.”
“We?”
“Yeah, me and Buster.”
Karen pointed to Hunter’s dog, which rose up at the sound of his name then returned to his nap in the warmth of the crackling fire.
Frank nodded as he hung up his coat then sat down.  “Okay.  So, tell me what happened.”
“Well, we just got home from having lunch.  Buster and I went to Mitch’s place… and when we got back to the ranch I started to unlock the door but noticed it was slightly open, so I decided not to go in,” he stressed.
“Good decision,” Frank said.
“I remember locking that door, Frank,” Hunter insisted.  “Anyway, I put Buster back in the truck, but he seemed really interested in the house and was growling.  I was going to call the sheriff but decided to fly here instead and talk to you first.”
“Tell me more about the gunshot,” Frank said.
“I lifted off and was hovering for a moment thinking maybe I could see something, and then I heard the ricochet and saw a spark so I high-tailed it out of there!  For a moment it felt like I was back in Vietnam getting shot at by snipers, you know?
“And that’s it?  Nothing else?”
“That’s it.  Well, except for a crazy phone call from my brother earlier this morning.  He’s such an idiot.  Said he called to see how I was doing.  He never calls to see how I’m doing.  He always wants something.”
“What did he say, exactly?”  Frank asked.
“Just a bunch of crap about wanting to catch up.”  Hunter stood up.  “I can handle my brother, Frank.  It’s that gunshot that worries me.”  He frowned then let out a half-hearted laugh.  “You don’t think Drew shot at me do you?  I mean, hell, he’s my brother and maybe sometimes we don’t see eye-to-eye, but…”
“Having met your brother, no, I don’t think Drew would do that, not if he counts on you for money from time to time.”  Frank grinned.
“Yeah, well I’m sure he thinks he’s the primary beneficiary of my will.”  Hunter let out another laugh. “He’s in for a big surprise.”
Frank nodded then said, “It’s for certain you can’t go back home, at least not yet.  You’ll stay here.”
“Absolutely,” Karen agreed.  “I’ll go get your room ready right now.”
“I can get a room at the Resort.  You don’t have to go to any trouble.”
“You’re staying right here,” Frank said.  “No argument.”
“Okay.  Fine,” Hunter said.  “I would feel a little safer here, I guess.  Plus, they probably wouldn’t let me keep Buster in the room.”
Frank got up and walked to his study, closing the door while Karen hurried upstairs to prepare the guest room.  Hunter leaned back, staring at the fire again.  When Karen finally came back downstairs, she headed to the kitchen and brought back a piece of apple pie.  “Eat this.  It’ll make you feel better.”
“Okay, thanks,” he said and dug in.
“You’re welcome.”
“What’s taking Frank so long?” he asked.
“I could hear him on the phone when I came downstairs.  I’m sure he’s taking care of everything.  You know him.  He has all kinds of contacts.  They’ll figure this out.  You’ll see.”
Frank stepped out of his office a few minutes later, and rejoined Hunter and Karen.  “I’ve made some calls and a team is on their way to check your place to see what they can find.  In the meantime, can you think of anything else?  Anything at all?”
Hunter shook his head slowly, trying to think.  “No.  I don’t think so,” he replied.
Frank nodded. “Do you mind if I take a look at Buster?”
“No.  Go ahead.  He’s friendly.  Won’t bite.”
Frank called to Buster and patted his knee.  Buster stood up and looked at Hunter with his ears laid back.  “It’s okay, pal, Frank won’t bite either.”  Hunter held out his hand.  “Come on.”  Buster stepped closer and Frank gently urged him over.  Buster yielded, but kept his eyes on Hunter.
Methodically, Frank ran his hands down Buster’s back and examined his neck, fingering the blue dog collar he was wearing.  “Seems healthy enough except for a few scabs.”  Frank gave him one more pat then sat back.  “I’d like a veterinarian to examine him, if that’s okay.”
“I already had him examined by a vet who said he thought Buster had been mistreated.  I even got him an ID microchip implant... you know, just in case.”
“I understand, but I’d still like him examined by someone I know.”
“Sure, Frank.  Whatever you say, but I don’t understand why.”
“Just a precaution.”
“Precaution?  Against what?”
“You know me,” Frank said.  “I like to be thorough.  Do you think he’ll go with me in my car?” he asked.
“What.  You mean right now?”
“Yes.”  Frank stood up.
“Can’t it wait until tomorrow?  We’re both kind of tired.”
“I’d rather do this now.”
“Well then I’d better come too,” Hunter started to stand up.
“I think it would be best if you stay here with Karen,” Frank said.
“But...”
“Fewer questions that way,” Frank gave him a look.
“Oh.  Sure.  Okay, but I’ll help you get him in the car.”  Moments later, Hunter and Karen watched Frank pull away.
“I wonder what Frank’s worried about?” Hunter asked.
“Hard to say,” Karen replied.  “But like he said, he likes to be thorough.  I’m sure he’ll let us know when he gets back.  In the meantime, try to relax a little.  Watch TV, lie down, have some more pie, whatever you like.  Just make yourself at home.”  She grinned.  “I have laundry to fold so I’ll leave you alone.”
Hunter sat down and continued to stare at the fire.  It was almost hypnotic.  He mulled over the day’s events, first with the call from his brother, then the break-in, and then the gunshot.  Now Frank wanted his dog examined by another vet.  He thought about having more pie but decided to lie down instead and went upstairs.

Two hours later, he was startled awake by the sound of voices and cautiously went downstairs.  Frank was back.
“How’d it go?  Everything okay?” he asked Frank when he reached the bottom of the stairs. 
“I think so.  They gave him some antibiotics for a couple of welts that were showing signs of infection.”
“Where is he?”
“They’re going to keep him overnight for observation.  You can pick him up tomorrow.”
“Observation?  For an infection?  Was it that bad?”  The other vet said the welts were fairly recent but he didn’t say anything about an infection.”
“Just a precaution.”
“A precaution,” Hunter repeated.
“Yes.  Doug agreed there was definitely evidence of previous mistreatment.  Evidently a couple of the scabbed areas hadn’t healed completely.”
“No wonder Buster was happy to come home with me, although he didn’t want to have anything to do with the barn.  Seemed afraid of it for some reason.”
“Interesting,” Frank said.  “Well, he’s lucky to have you.  So, out of curiosity, what prompted you to get a dog?”
“Oh, I don’t know,” he started to say then corrected himself.  “Well, sure I do.”  He related the conversation he’d had with Gerry the night of the CAMEOs.
“Okay,” Frank said. “Well in the meantime, you’ll stay here until we decide when it’s safe for you to go back to your place.”
“How long will that take?”
“I don‘t know, but my team is still up there.  I should hear from them later this evening or early tomorrow morning.”
Hunter shoved his hands in his pockets.  “So much for peace and quiet.”


Chapter Five
Hunter slept fitfully through most of the night, tossing and turning amid scattered dreams that didn’t make any sense.  A couple of times he woke and immediately thought of Buster.  He missed him and wondered how he was getting along.  Finally checking the clock, he got up, dressed, and went downstairs to the kitchen.  Karen walked in and found him raiding the refrigerator.
“I could fix you some breakfast,” she said.
“I think I want more pie,” he said, pulling out the pie plate.  Helping himself to a slice, he asked, “Frank up yet?” 
“Up and gone already.  Said he had a lot to do today.”
Hunter glanced out a window noticing the dimly lit morning sky.  “He’s up early.”
“It’s typical.”  Karen fixed a bowl of cereal.  “So what are your plans for the day?”
“I’d like to get Buster, but I’ll need to borrow a car.”
“I can take you.  I have some errands to run anyway if you don’t mind tagging along.”
“I don’t mind.”  He wiped his mouth and tried to suppress a belch without success.  
Karen smiled.  “Frank gave me directions to the vet but we’ll have to wait until they open... around eight, I think.”
“Guess I’ll go shower then,” Hunter said, rinsing his plate. “I won’t take long.  You know I really miss that dog, even though haven't had him for very long.”
“You belong together, Hunter,” Karen said.  “It’s as if you’re the only owner he’s ever known.  He seems very comfortable with you.”
“Yeah.  I feel the same about him.”
Shortly before eight o’clock, Karen pulled up to the veterinarian’s office and parked.  Hunter sat fidgeting until he noticed someone unlock the front door.  He started to get out of the car but Karen stopped him.
“Maybe I should get him,” she said.  “You know.”
It wasn’t long before she had Buster in tow and although still somewhat disoriented, he seemed happy to be leaving.
Loading him into the car, Hunter consoled him.  “Sorry about all of this pal, but you’re going to be fine.”  Hunter climbed into the front seat. “What happened to his collar?  He's wearing a different one.”
 Karen glanced back at Buster.  “I’ll go ask.”  Soon she was back.  “They didn’t seem to know anything about another collar.  I gave them my number in case they find it.”
“That’s okay.  I can get him another one.  How much do I owe?”
“Nothing.  They said it was all taken care of.  I suppose Frank did that.”
“I’ll pay him back.”
“I wouldn’t worry about it right now.  How about I take you two back home before I do my errands?” Karen suggested.  “Buster looks like he still needs to rest.”
“Yeah, that might be a good idea.”

Hunter helped Buster inside the house as Karen drove away.  He stoked the fire before settling down on the couch.  Staring at the flickering flames, he contemplated the recent events once more, especially the break in at his ranch and the gunshot.  “Who shot at us?” he asked, watching Buster who found his favorite spot in front of the fire.  “That worries me more than anything right now.”
His phone buzzed.  The call was from an unknown number.  He set the phone down and walked to the kitchen to rummage around in the refrigerator when Buster let out a short bark.  Someone was at the front door.  Hunter hurried to the living room just as Frank walked in.
“Frank!” Hunter said with a measure of relief.  “Any news?”
“Not yet,” he said.  “Karen here?”
“Errands.  She took me to the vet’s first then brought us back.”
“Okay.”  Frank sat down and gestured for Hunter to join him.  “So let’s talk a little more about your experience yesterday.  You say you went into town for a hamburger and when you got home you noticed the back door was open.”
“Yes.”
“And you were shot at as you lifted off.”
“I was hovering thinking I might get a glimpse of someone at a window or something, but yeah.”
“Just one shot?”
“I guess they could have shot at me more than once, but I’m only aware of the one.”  Hunter frowned.  “What did I do to tick someone off enough to want to kill me?”  He sat back and closed his eyes.  “You know, I think I should retire and move to a remote island somewhere... just disappear.”
“You’d get bored and run out of food.  As for the shot, they may not have wanted to kill you but just scare you off.”  Frank stood up.  “Okay.  I think it’s best if you stay here one more night.  We’re installing a more sophisticated surveillance system at your place.  I didn’t think you’d mind.”  He smiled.  “Once it’s ready you can go back home.”
“That sounds good to me oh, and hey, I’ve been getting some phone calls from blocked and unknown numbers.  Got another one just before you walked in.  First my brother, and one from Tiffany Miles.”
“If they’re blocked how do you know who called?”
“I answered the one from my brother... he’s such an idiot.  And Tiffany left a message.  Other than that, I’m avoiding the calls.  Don’t want to talk to my brother and don’t want to talk to Tiffany either.  In fact, I don’t want to talk to anyone right now.”
“I can look into it.” Frank said.
“Thanks.  So how did my place look?  Anything missing?”
“Someone had obviously gone through it.  It was tossed.  You keep valuables there?  In a safe?”
“I do have a safe, but it’s pretty well hidden.  There’s some cash in it and my handgun, plus a few other documents but nothing of much importance.  I have a safety deposit box for some of those things but most of my stuff is in a vault at my corporate attorney’s office in L.A.”
Frank stood up.  “I’ve got to go take care of a couple of things, but I should be back in time for dinner.”
Hunter watched Frank drive away then decided to check all the windows and doors before going upstairs to his room.  “I think I’m getting paranoid,” he said to Buster, who had followed him and promptly curled up on the floor next to the bed.  Hunter lay down and tried to get comfortable but couldn’t stop thinking about what had happened the day before and some of the things that had happened the past few weeks.  Then, lost in thought, he finally fell asleep.

He and Buster had been napping for over an hour when something jolted him awake.  He sat up.  Buster was already on his feet, alert, and emitting a low growl.  “What is it, boy?” Hunter asked, still listening as he quietly walked to his partially open bedroom door.
A rustling sound followed by a cheery, “Hunter?” put him at ease.  Karen was back.
He and Buster made their way downstairs.  “Just getting up from a nap,” he said with a yawn.
“I picked up Chinese food for lunch, if you want some.”  She disappeared into the kitchen.
He followed her. “Sounds good to me.”
Buster hungrily dug into a generous helping of kibble as Hunter sat at the kitchen table waiting for Karen to join him.  “He seems pretty happy,” he said, smiling at his dog.
“He was hungry, that’s for sure!  Sorry I took so long.”
“That’s okay.  I feel like I’m a real inconvenience to you and Frank.”
“Well, you’re not.  We’re happy to help out.”  She grinned at him.
Taking a bite of chicken stir-fry he asked, “So did Frank say anything to you about what’s going on?”
“Nope.  He rarely talks about work.  Most of it is highly confidential, due to the nature of his clients or the particular case he’s working on.  I do get curious, but unless something turns up on the evening news or in the paper, it’s one of the pieces of our relationship that’s relatively off limits to casual conversation.”
“That must get frustrating at times.”  He took another bite.
“I suppose, but I’m used to it.  Besides, since he doesn’t talk about any of it, I really don’t know what he’s working on.  Therefore, I have no specific questions to ask other than, ‘Have a nice day?’”
Hunter chuckled.  “Yeah.”  They sat quietly and ate then he asked, “So, are you both going to take that week off again this summer?  Heading back up to your summer place?”
“In Canada?  We’re planning on it, but probably not until late summer.”
“You might have some weather coming in that time of year.” Hunter said.
“I know,” she agreed, “but it was the only time Frank felt he could manage to get away from the office.”  She smiled.  “I’m sure it’ll be fine.  Just getting away is what’s important… especially for Frank.  I worry about him sometimes.  He’s so busy and work takes him away too often anymore it seems.  It was all I could do to get him to agree to go this year.”
“He travels a lot?” Hunter was growing more interested.  “I never really did know what Frank’s job entailed other than prosecuting the bad guys.  I figured he had staff to do all the running around.”
“You would think so, but apparently a lot of his clients don’t live nearby,” she replied.  “I’m not sure where he goes, exactly, just as long as he comes home once in a while.”  She got up to clear the table.
Hunter finished up then went back to the living room.  Buster was curled up in front of the fire, which had died down but was still warm.  Karen came in and sat on the sofa staring at the glowing embers with Hunter in a nearby chair.
“You want me to stoke it up a bit?” he offered and stood up.  Without waiting for an answer, he added some dry pieces and fanned them until the flames began to flicker.
“Thanks,” was all Karen said as he sat back down.
They watched the fire grow and dance happily in its place, popping and crackling, giving off welcomed warmth against the chilly afternoon.  Buster sighed and twitched slightly as he dozed.
Karen’s gaze never left the fire until Hunter finally broke the silence.  “You okay, Karen?”
“Hmm?” she responded absently then looked at Hunter.  “Yes.  Yes, I’m fine.  Just thinking.”
“Things okay with you and Frank?” he suddenly asked then just as quickly apologized.  “I’m sorry.  None of my business.”
Karen was startled by the question.  “Sure.  Things are fine.  Frank’s just been extra busy it seems.  I worry about him.”  She gazed back at the fire.  “He seems more keyed up these days,” she said, “and... detached, but...”
Hunter noticed a tear before she casually wiped it away.  He moved over to the sofa.  “Need a hug?”
Looking into Hunter’s eyes, more tears began.  He put his arm around her and pulled her close, giving her a gentle kiss on the forehead.  In the several years he’d known Frank and Karen, he’d always thought of them as a great couple completely in love and content in their marriage.  He cared for both of them, but especially for Karen at this moment, realizing she was obviously struggling with something.
Finally pulling away, she said, “You are a good friend, Hunter.  Thank you.”
“We won’t tell Frank,” he said with a wink.  “Don’t want him to get the wrong idea.”
Karen managed a smile then shook her head and scolded herself.  “Good grief.  What’s wrong with me?  It’s his work.  He has a lot to do.  There’s a lot expected of him, especially since a couple of his associates left to start a practice of their own.  He’s short-handed, although I think he recently hired a new law clerk.  But still, I’m sure that’s why he’s been gone so much lately.  It’s the work load.”
“Yeah, I’m sure that’s why,” Hunter agreed.  “And I didn’t help matters much.  Hopefully they’ll be able to figure out who the real target is so I can go home and Frank can get back to more important stuff.”
“It’s all important to him, Hunter.  They’ll figure things out.  They usually do.  Frank’s good at what he does.”  She leaned back.  “So what do you think the intruder was looking for?”
“I have no idea and I can’t imagine why anyone would want to shoot me either.”  He laughed.  “Well, hell, sure I can.  Anyone I beat out for a part, especially if the film was a huge success!”
Karen laughed.  “You really think someone would do that?”
“No.  Not really.  No, I’m beginning to think this is probably a case of a random home invasion type of thing,” he said.  “Frank will figure it out.”
Karen nodded thoughtfully.  “Perhaps, plus your place is out of the way.  Easy for someone to sneak in without being noticed.”
“Yeah, I probably just showed up at the wrong time and caught them in the act.”
A vehicle pulled up out front.  Buster raised his head then stood and took a step toward the front door.  Hunter went to a window.  “Speak of the devil.  He’s back early.”
Frank came in, deposited his briefcase on the floor and hung his jacket on the coat rack.  “Good afternoon everyone.  It’s been a busy day and I’m tired so I decided to come home early.”  He glanced toward the fireplace.  “Buster seems content.”
Karen greeted her husband with a big hug and kiss then whispered.  “I missed you.”
“Missed you, too,” Frank replied.  Turning to Hunter, “You’ll be able to go home tomorrow.  They’ve been working hard to get everything set up.  It should be operational by late morning.”
Hunter grinned.  “That’s great!  Thanks for going out of your way.  I know you’re really busy these days.”
“Yes, well, I like to help out my friends.”
“I appreciate it.  Hey, Karen says you two may get some time away this summer and head back up to Canada.”
“That’s the plan.  We’ll have to see how my work load looks.”  Frank glanced at Karen.
“Hungry?” Karen asked her husband. “There’s some Chinese food in the kitchen.”
“Sounds good.  I’ll get it.”  Frank headed to the kitchen.
Hunter noticed Karen’s look of disappointment.  “I’m sure the trip will happen,” he said.  “It’s a few months away and he obviously has a lot on his mind right now, but he knows it’s important... for both of you.”
“I suppose,” she said, “but I don’t think I should count on it this year.  There’s too much going on.”
“Don’t give up on it that easily.  Like I said, you’ve got a few more months.  Just wait until the weather gets better.  His mood will improve.”
Karen looked at Hunter.  “You’ve noticed it too, haven’t you?  How he seems to have changed a little.  He seems more intense.  He’s become short-tempered with me, although I’m grateful he’s not been that way with you around right now.”
Hunter frowned.  “Promise you’ll call me if you need anything.  I care about you both, but if you need a shoulder, I’ve got two.  Just pick one.”  He smiled.
“Thank you Hunter.”  Her voice was barely audible. “But I’ll be fine.”

By noon the next day, Hunter and Buster were home again.  Now with a new surveillance system installed, he could easily check his property from a computer in his home office or even with his phone when he was out.  Half dozen cameras, mounted in various locations, could either remain stationary or set to automatically scan.  Hunter could also remotely control any of the cameras if he chose to.  It came with a hefty price tag, but it was well worth it in his estimation.  A side advantage was his ability to keep track of Buster when he managed to run off some place out of sight of the house.
In addition to the cameras, and additional exterior lighting, he could remotely lock and unlock doors, turn on or off interior and exterior lights, as well as his television, if need be, all with the ease of his cell phone.
Happy to be home, he decided to take a drive into town to pick up some groceries and stop at the Home Center for a few things he needed for one of his projects.  With perishable groceries placed in a large cooler, packed with snow, he pulled into the Home Center parking lot. 
 “Hang tight,” he said to Buster.  “I’ll hurry.  And try not to annoy anyone, okay?”  He grinned at his dog and gave him a good rub before making his way through melting slush into the home improvement center.  Grabbing a cart, he found the aisle he was looking for and began selecting a couple of different stains for his project, then moved toward another aisle looking for nails and screws.  He responded with a grin to a greeting from a couple of shoppers and wasn’t watching where he was going, when his cart collided with another one.
“Sorry about that,” he quickly apologized.  “Not paying attention like I should.”
“That’s okay,” the woman said offering a timid smile then quickly looked away not wanting to stare.
“Are you okay?” he asked.
“Yes.  Yes, I’m fine.  No harm.”  She felt awkward talking to a man who appeared to be Hunter Blake.
“Good,” he said.  “I’d hate to see my picture on the front page of the local newspaper.  I can imagine a caption claiming I was guilty of a hit and run on aisle nine at the home center.”
His remark produced a laugh.  “No.  It’s okay,” she said.  “I’ll not press charges.”  
“That’s a relief.  Well... uh... I gotta get the rest of my stuff... so... nice running into you.”
She nodded awkwardly and moved on.
Without a second look, Hunter finished his shopping and hurried outside to his truck.  Buster gave a happy bark as he approached.  A dog in the next car began barking as well.  Buster turned around and moved to the opposite window for a better look.  Hunter could see a Golden Retriever in a small silver sedan looking at them with great interest.
“Found a friend?” he asked.
Buster put his paws on the window ledge and let out short bark through his partially open window.  The Retriever immediately responded in kind.
“What you are two talking about?” Hunter asked, slightly amused.  “You flirting?  Huh?  Find a new girlfriend?”
“Isaac!  Stop that barking,” a voice called out. “You know better.”
Hunter turned around and grinned.  “We meet again,” he said.  “That’s your dog?”
“Yes,” she replied.
“Isaac?”
“Yes, Isaac.  I'm sorry he was barking at you.”
“No, that's okay but I think you just broke Buster’s heart.”  He looked at his dog.  “His name is Isaac, pal,” Hunter called out to Buster who barely gave Hunter a glance but continued to watch Isaac from the window instead.
Hunter smiled. “Buster and Isaac seem to be getting acquainted.  I’ll keep Buster quiet, too.”  He offered his hand, “I’m Hunter... and this is Buster.”
“Buster... and... Hunter.  Nice to meet you,” she said and shook his hand.
“And you are?”
“Samantha,” she replied, feeling her face flush at the same time.  “Well, we have to go,” she said quickly, unloading her cart.  Minutes later she drove away.
Hunter stood and watched, until she pulled out of the parking lot, then finished up and got into his truck.  Buster was agitated and kept watching, his muscles twitching.
“What’s wrong?  You suddenly fall in love with that Retriever?”  Hunter laughed as he started his truck.  “I told you, his name is Isaac.  And it’s a good thing.  My advice is to stay away from women.  They’re demanding and nothing but trouble.”   Hunter pulled out and drove to the same exit.  “Nothing but trouble,” he repeated absently.
Out on the highway, he was anxious to get home and picked up his speed.  Weaving in and out of traffic, he pulled up next to another car to pass when Buster began to bark again.
“Now what?” he asked, glancing to the right.  He could see the head of a dog.  “Is that the same Retriever?”  Sitting up straighter Hunter tried to get a look at the driver and nearly ran into the car instead.  A horn blasted and he backed off, pulling in behind the vehicle instead.  It was a silver sedan.
Peering through the vehicle’s rear window, he could only see the back of the driver’s head, but the dog was definitely a Golden Retriever.  A mile further on, he slowed down to make his turn at a cross road, but watched the sedan continue up the highway.
Arriving at his property, he stopped at the open gate to sat gazing at his home.  “Not too shabby, huh pal?”  Driving on in, he pulled over to the barn and backed up in some undisturbed snow that had fallen the night before.  Buster scrambled out of the truck and Hunter unloaded his supplies before pulling up close to the house.  Once inside, Hunter put his bags down and disabled the house alarm system then removed his jacket and hung it on a hook by the door.
He put a bowl of kibble down for Buster and helped himself to leftovers just as the phone rang.  He checked the ID and smiled.  “Jim!  It’s been a while.  How are you?”
“We’re good.  Hey, I heard rumors you were back.  Congratulations, by the way.  Diane and I were rooting for you.”
“Thanks,” Hunter said.  “I never have gotten used to those awards ceremonies.  I just put on a game face and lump my way through.”
“You’ve earned every one, Hunter,” Jim said.  “So, are you planning on sticking around for a while?  If so, we’d love to have you over for dinner sometime.”
“That would be nice.  I’d like that.  And, yes, I plan on sticking around.  I need a break.  Not in a big hurry to get back to work just yet.”
“So what are you up to?” Jim asked.
“I’ve got a project I’m working on in the barn.  How about you?”
 “About the same.  I am helping a new church member with a home upgrade in the Twin Lakes area, though.”
“Upgrade?” 
“Yeah, mostly better insulation in the walls.  The place is pretty drafty.  So we’ve been removing the exterior siding in small sections to add the insulation.  It’s a little slow going, but the owner can’t afford to move out.  We’re almost done.  Another week and it should be in good shape.”
“Why not just drill some holes and blow in the insulation?”
“We’re also checking electrical and plumbing as we go.  The house is pretty old.  Thought it might be a good idea to make sure everything was in good order.”
“I see, well how are those redevelopment projects coming along in Rathdrum?” Hunter asked.
“On hold for now.  Ran out of money plus with the weather we’ve shelved any more projects for now, so some of the guys are helping with the house repairs instead.  It’s nice to stay busy.”
“You still a contractor?”
“Yes and no.  Still own the business and I’m handling a few small jobs but I’m thinking about retiring after next summer.  We’ll see.”
 “Well good luck with the upgrade and I look forward to dinner.  Just let me know when.”

The following Saturday, Hunter headed to the Wesleys’ explaining to Buster he’d have to stay home and guard the house.  Driving into Rathdrum, he soon arrived and parked on the street in front of their modest home.  Diane Wesley eagerly met him at the door and escorted him inside.
“Let me take your coat.  Have a seat.  Jim will be right here.”
Hunter sat down on the sofa and let out a sigh.  It’s good to be back,” he said, “and I’ve been looking forward to dinner tonight.”
“I remember the first time you came to dinner,” Diane said.  “Jim was working on one of the renovation projects and called saying he wanted to bring one of the new guys home for dinner.  Of course I said sure.  I nearly fell over when you walked in.  It took a while to get used to having you here,” Diane said, “but no more.  You’re like a favorite cousin.”
“Cousin!”  Hunter laughed.  “I like that.  I have a couple of cousins, but they live back east.  I haven’t been good about staying in touch, though.  I should call them sometime, I guess.”
“It wouldn’t hurt,” Diane agreed.  “So tell me what’s new with you.”
He gave a shrug.  “Oh... I don’t know.  After the awards I came straight back here.  I got a dog.”
“You did?  What kind?”
“I don’t know.  He’s just a mutt, but I love him.”
“Well, good.  I’m sure it must be nice to have him around, especially out at your place.”  She smiled.
Jim walked into the room. “Hunter!  Glad you could make it.  I was on the phone when you got here, but I got that all taken care of so now we can visit and catch up.  We’re expecting one other person for dinner, by the way, so I hope you don’t mind waiting a few more minutes.”
“That’s fine.”
“It’s the owner of that house I was telling you about.  Just when we thought we were pretty much done, we had an unexpected problem come up yesterday.”
“What happened?”
“Pipe broke upstairs.  Created one heck of a mess up and down.  So... we’re trying to figure out what to do next.  In the meantime, Sam’s been staying with us.”
“Is there anything I can do?” Hunter asked.
“I don't think so.  We’re looking at our options but more than likely we’ll have to wait until the weather warms up before we can do much more.”
“Sounds like maybe a pipe froze,” Hunter said.
“That's a possibility.”
Diane stood up.  “Why don’t we go ahead and sit at the table.  I’m sure Sam with be here soon.”  They were just getting seated when the front door opened.  In ran a beautiful Golden Retriever followed by a woman carrying a cloth bag stuffed with a variety of items.
“Sorry I’m late,” Samantha began then stopped in her tracks at the sight of Hunter.  “Oh.”
Diane smiled. “Samantha, we’d like you to meet a friend of ours, Hunter.  And Hunter, this is Samantha.”
He stood and extended his hand with a big grin.  “Hit and run, aisle nine.”
“Excuse me?” Jim asked.
Hunter laughed.  “Samantha and I have already met... sorta.”
Samantha was embarrassed.  “I should have watched where I was going.  I’m very sorry.”
“I’m sure it was my mistake,” Hunter insisted.  “So, Isaac, we meet again,” he said, giving him a pat on the head.  “Buster seemed quite interested in you the other day.”
“Interested?” Samantha asked.
“Yeah, he couldn’t stop wagging his tail all the way home.  Too bad I didn’t bring him along tonight.”
Samantha didn’t respond but stood watching Hunter pet her dog.  “Well, if you’ll excuse me, I’ll go put my things away.”
“Where did you two meet?”  Jim asked once Samantha left the room.
“Home Center.  We kind of collided into each other, but I’m pretty sure it was my fault.  I was in a hurry... talking to some other people... you know... not paying attention.”
Samantha returned and everyone sat down.  The Wesleys sat at either end of the table with Samantha and Hunter across from one another.  Jim gave a blessing on the food then everyone dug in.  Conversation was minimal at first and uncomfortable for Samantha, who purposefully avoided looking at Hunter.  He finally spoke up.
“You’re awfully quiet,” he said.  No one spoke.  Everyone was looking at Samantha, who finally glanced up.
“Oh, you mean me?  I don’t have much to talk about... I guess.”
Jim helped get the conversation going. “We’re still working on your house.”
“That’s true,” she said.  “It’s become more of a project than any of us anticipated, I’m afraid.”
“We’ll get it fixed up,” Jim assured her.  “It’s just going to take a while longer, that’s all.”
“I can help,” Hunter said.  “Haven’t got a lot of other things to do right now.”
“I thought you were working on a project,” Jim said.
“Sure, but it can wait.”
Samantha didn’t say anything.  She just stared at Hunter then looked away.
“Just let me know if there’s anything I can do,” he said.
The evening ended with more idle conversation until Samantha decided to call it a day.  “I’m very tired,” she said, “but it was nice meeting you... again.”  She shook Hunter’s hand and managed a smile before heading to her room with Isaac.  Hunter lingered and visited a while longer before Jim walked him to his truck.
“How much are the repairs going to cost?” he asked Jim.
“Oh, for Sam's place?  I don’t know yet.”
“Well, here’s what’s going to happen.  I’m going to pay for all necessary repairs and upgrades to her home and I won’t take no for an answer.  But promise you won’t tell her.”
“That’s very generous of you Hunter, but...”
“No buts.  I’ve made up my mind.  Plus, we’ll hire professionals so the rest of you don’t have to worry about any of it.  In the meantime, how about we move her into the Resort?  I can arrange for her to have a nice suite where she can have some privacy and so can you and Diane.  I know how it is when you have to put someone up for an indefinite amount of time.  As much as you all like each other, it will get old.”
“I suppose,” Jim said, “but I can guarantee Samantha will figure out you’re paying for everything, especially after you just offered to help.”
“So we won’t do anything right away.  Then tell her you found an organization that helps people with situations like this.  I’ll route all the money through my corporation.   It’ll work.  I promise, and she won’t be the wiser.  Trust me.”
“Let me think about it.”
“You can think all you like, but I’ve made up my mind.  I can afford it and I want to do it.  It’s that simple.”
Jim nodded.  “You’re a good man, Hunter.  Thank you.”
“My pleasure, and then we also need to talk about the restoration projects that are on hold.  I know people who like to invest in things like what we’ve been doing in Rathdrum.  I’ll find the money to keep that going too.  It’s the least I can do in exchange for our friendship.”
“Let’s get something straight right now,” Jim said in all seriousness.  “There is no price tag on our friendship.  If you want to scrounge up money for the projects, that’s great, but don’t do it as payback.  We don’t expect that from you.”
Hunter chuckled.  “Okay.  It’s a deal, and thanks.” He opened the door to his truck.  “Most people I know do expect favors.”
“I know, but that’s all part of your other world... that other life you lead.  Around here we do things different.”
“I guess you’re right.  Okay.  I need to get going before Buster thinks I’ve abandoned him.  I’ll be in touch about Samantha’s house.”


Chapter Six
Monday morning arrived sunny and pleasant.  It had been several weeks since dinner with the Wesleys.  Hunter was grateful he’d not been pestered with any more strange calls or further incidents of anyone trespassing on his property.  Aside from the typically cool April temperatures, the weather was nearly perfect for the time of year.  
He was up early, lounging around in his pajama bottoms and an old T-shirt.  Feeling content, he mulled over the house project which was well underway and would eventually include a few added improvements.  According to Jim, Samantha seemed happy to be living in the Resort for the time being, especially now that her good friend, Betty, had flown in for a visit.  Another couple from her church agreed to take care of Isaac for her as well.
What he hadn’t expected to find out was that Samantha had lost her job unexpectedly.  Her boss, he discovered, decided to close her real estate business, due to the poor housing market, and move to the southern part of the state to join a larger real estate firm in the Boise area.  The result meant Samantha was suddenly unemployed.  He provided Jim with a prepaid credit card and told him to tell her it was from the same organization helping with her home repair expenses.
Checking the time, Hunter figured he might as well get dressed and went back upstairs to shower.  Half an hour later, he was back downstairs and ready for the day.  Pulling on his jacket, he stepped outside, leaving the door wide open as he stood gazing at the hills and trees.  Some snow still lingered in the higher elevations, but elsewhere there was evidence that spring was on its way.  Buster joined him and sniffed the fresh morning air.
“So what do we want to do today?” he asked glancing down at his dog.  “Or rather, what would you like to do?”
Buster trotted down the steps and ran out toward the helicopter to sniff around.
“Yeah, okay.  You go do that.  I think I’m just gonna sit here and enjoy the peace and quiet.”  That, however, was short-lived when his phone rang in the kitchen.  He hurried inside to answer and noted the caller ID with some surprise.  “Hey, Gerry, you’re up early.  Heck, it’s not even seven-thirty.  What’s up?”
“I was wondering if you’d... uh... do me a favor,” Gerry said sounding anxious.
“It depends,” Hunter replied.  “It had better not involve Tiffany.”
“No... it’s not about her.  I have an urgent request.”
“Urgent?  What’s so urgent that you have to call me this early?”
“I have some documents that need to be delivered to Arizona today... to... to meet a deadline.”
“Arizona?  Why didn’t you just ship it overnight?
“I wasn’t aware of the deadline until just a short while ago.” 
“So how am I supposed to be able to help you?  I’m in Idaho, you know.”
“Yes, I know and that’s why I called so early… so you’d have time to fly in to L.A. and then on to Arizona... with me,” Gerry said.
Hunter hesitated before responding.  “Why not use some other air service.  There are all kinds of companies down there who’d be more than happy to help you out.  You wouldn’t have to wait for me to show up.”
“I know, but this is sensitive information and you’re the only one I can trust.”
“Trust,” Hunter repeated.  “That’s a two-way street, you know.”
“I realize that.  I’ve been meaning to call and apologize for the antics that went on at my house the night of the CAMEOs... if that’s what you’re referring to.  But I wasn’t sure you’d want to talk to me.  Now, though, I really need your help.  It’s practically a matter of life and death.”
“Life and death?  What the hell are you mixed up in?”
“It’s not like that... it’s more of a business type of life or death... you know like with negotiations and such.  I’ll make it worth your while, you can be sure of that.”
“I’m not concerned about any compensation,” Hunter said.  “I just don’t want to get mixed up in something shady, that’s all.  I’ll be honest... after that night, I’m not sure how I feel about you and Carolyn… and especially Tiffany.”
“I understand and I don’t blame you.  Tiffany had suddenly decided she wanted you back in her life, and well, you know how she is... and then Carolyn got involved and...”
“Yeah... okay...” Hunter started to respond.
Gerry interrupted.  “Please... will you do this for me, Hunter?  Tiffany’s not involved.  I promise.  She won’t be anywhere around.”
“I don’t know.”
“Please.  It’ll just be a quick in and out and you can be back home in no time.”
“It’s not that simple, Gerry.  I’ll have to stay the night at my place down there.”
Gerry coughed.  “Still, it’ll just be a quick in and out, like I said.”
Hunter hesitated before replying. “You’re going too?”
“That’s the plan.”
“Yeah, okay then, I guess I could do that, besides, it’ll give us time to talk and maybe clear the air a little.  So, where in Arizona and what time?”
“I’ll have all that information for you when you get here,” Gerry replied.  “So, you’ll be here later this morning?”
“I guess so.  But no tricks.”
“No tricks.”
“Okay, I’ll call when I land.” They hung up and Hunter glanced at his watch again. “So much for peace and quiet,” he mumbled walking back outside.  Buster was still running around exploring his usual favorite places.
“Maybe it won’t be so bad,” he said to himself.  “I can do a little detective work of my own.  Maybe find out what Gerry’s little secret rendezvous is all about, although it’s probably some movie deal.  He gets so damned paranoid.”  Hunter decided to let Frank know but the call went straight to voice mail.
“Frank, this is Hunter.  I’m flying to L.A. this morning.  I’m going to meet up with Gerry.  He needs help with something that’s a matter of life or death as he put it.  It’s just some business deal, I’m sure.  Anyway, I’ll stay down there tonight and should be back up here tomorrow afternoon or evening.  Call me if you need to.  Oh, and I’m taking Buster.”
Hanging up, he began making a mental note of what he should take when Buster started to bark and ran after a squirrel. “If nothing else, it’ll give the squirrels a break.”  He had to laugh.
Twenty minutes later, he was ready.  Placing an overnight bag and a few other things on the porch, he whistled to Buster.  “Hey!  Let’s get going!”
Buster ran at top speed to his master.  If there was anything he understood it was the phrase, ‘Let’s get going.’  That always meant going for a ride and he loved going places.
They took the helicopter to the Coeur d’Alene airport then transferred to Hunter’s private jet before taking off for Southern California.  He hadn’t flown the jet since he’d been back in Idaho and actually looked forward to the trip.

It was about eleven in the morning when he finally touched down in Santa Monica.  After arranging for fuel, he placed a call to Gerry but had to leave a message.
Sitting in the cabin of his plane, Hunter ate a hastily made sandwich, washing it down with a soft drink while Buster munched on kibble and slurped water from his dish.
Growing bored, Hunter performed another pre-flight, going over the checklist one more time both inside and out.  The fuel truck finally pulled away and Hunter checked his watch again.  It was almost twelve-thirty.  “What’s taking him?” he said aloud.  Ten minutes later, he decided to give Gerry another call when he noticed a limousine approaching on the apron.  “It’s about time.” Although annoyed Gerry hadn’t called him back, he was glad they’d finally be able to going.
He climbed down to greet his friend but was surprised instead to see Gerry’s twenty-six year old assistant, Janet Feldman, step out of the car.  She hesitated briefly before heading toward the jet with an attaché in one hand and a smaller handbag slung over her opposite shoulder.
“Good morning, Mr. Blake,” Janet greeted him.   She was dressed in a soft peach-colored blouse, casual light beige slacks, matching jacket, sandals and sunglasses.  Her long brown hair framed a lovely face.  She looked every bit a southern California girl.
“Janet,” Hunter said somewhat confused.  “What are you doing here?  Where’s Gerry?”
“Mr. Allensby called a little while ago and said he wasn’t feeling well.  He asked me to bring this to you.”  She held up the attaché.
“Not feeling well?” Hunter said in surprise.  “He should have called me.  I could have turned around and gone back home.”
“Yes, well, he said he needed to get this to someone in Arizona today, and that you’d be coming to get it... but...”
“He’s suddenly not feeling well.  Sure.” Hunter was disgusted.
“I can accompany you, if that’s okay.  I mean…”
“Yeah… no, that’s fine, but don’t you need to get back to work?” he asked.
“No.  Actually, Mr. Allensby gave me the rest of the day off.  So I’d be happy to assist you.”  She glanced at the jet.
“Okay.  Go ahead and get onboard.  I just finished the pre-flight, again, but I don’t want to take all day.  I’ve got things to do.”  Hunter was obviously annoyed and Janet knew it.
Hunter started to step away when the limousine driver got out of the car and called to him.
Hunter was surprised to see Charlie and walked over to shake his hand.  “I’m a little surprised to see you here,” he said.
“I’ve been making myself more available to Mr. Allensby lately.  Hey, keep your eyes open and watch your back.”
“Okay,” Hunter said with a frown.  “You think something’s up?”
“All I know is he’s been acting pretty nervous lately.  When I found out you were coming down here, I offered to drive him here to meet you.  But instead he sent Janet saying he wasn’t feeling all that great.  She’ll be okay to have along, but something doesn’t feel right about this trip.  Just be careful.”
Hunter looked at his jet then back at Charlie.  “Okay.  Thanks.  I don’t suppose you have any idea what this is all about?  I mean, Gerry sounded really concerned about some deadline he didn’t want to miss.”
“I don’t know about that but what I do know is something has changed, both at his office and at home.  Something’s going on.  And if you want my opinion, I’d say don’t go, but it’s up to you.”
Hunter looked at Charlie.  “You seem to know quite a bit about Gerry and what’s going on in his life.”
“It’s the life of a chauffeur.  Part driver.  Part therapist.”
Hunter grinned.  “I guess you’re right.  Well, if I do go, maybe I can find out something.  Maybe Janet knows something.”
“Maybe.”  Charlie said.  “If you do run into any trouble, call me.”
“Call you?  What good would that do?”
“You never know,” Charlie said smiling. “Let me know when you get back.  Just so I know you’re okay.”
“I can do that,” he said then added, “Hey.  Maybe you’d like to tag along.”
“Not a good idea,” Charlie said.  “Just keep your eyes open.”
Charlie drove off while Hunter boarded his jet.  He whistled for Buster and closed and secured the cabin door.  Janet was already strapped in then turned to look, surprised to see a dog. Hunter gave his pet and pat on the head and made the introductions.  
“Buster, this is Janet.  Janet… Buster.  “Hope you don’t mind,” he said.  He won’t bite.  He’s more apt to lick you to death than anything else.
“No, that’s fine.  I like dogs.  I just didn’t expect to see one on the plane.  I didn’t know you had a dog.”
“I got Buster soon after I returned to Idaho from some ditzy old woman.  She was weird.”  He started to climb into the pilot seat.   “You sure you want to come with me?” he asked.  “You don’t have to, you know.”
“I don’t mind,” Janet said.  “Besides, it’ll be a nice change of pace... unless you don’t want me to.”
“No… having you along isn’t a problem.  In fact you’ll probably be better company anyway.  So when did Gerry call you?”
“About an hour ago.  He didn’t come into the office this morning.  Said he wasn’t feeling well and that I needed to bring this attaché to you.  He seemed… I don’t know, a little off somehow.”
“Off?”  Hunter asked.
“Yes,” she replied.  “His voice... it didn’t sound right.”  She frowned.  “Do you know what’s going on?”
“No.  I was going to ask you the same thing.  All I know is he wanted me to fly him to Arizona to make some kind of delivery.”  He took a deep breath. “So... we’re going to Arizona.”
“Yes,” Janet said as she reached out to pet Buster.  “I’m glad you have him,” she said.  “It suits you to have a dog I think.”
“Yeah... so where did you put that attaché?”
“It's right here,” she said holding it up.
“Okay.  So, if Gerry didn’t come in today, how did you get it?”
“It was in his office, sitting on his desk.  So I retrieved it and came here as soon as possible.  He said you’d be waiting.”
“Did he,” Hunter said with disgust.  “So, where exactly in Arizona?  Phoenix?  Tucson?  It would be nice to know.”
“All I have is a sealed envelope,” she said.
“A sealed envelope?”
“Yes.  It was with the attaché.  It has your name printed on it.”
Hunter raised an eyebrow, “What’s in it?”
“I don’t know.  I haven’t opened it yet.  It wasn’t addressed to me.”
“Sealed,” Hunter mumbled sarcastically. “What’s so damned secret about this trip anyway?  And I don’t get why he didn’t come along, like he said he was.”
“He said he wasn’t...”
“Feeling well.  Yeah, I know.”  Hunter got seated debating whether or not he really wanted to do this, especially after Charlie’s concerns and warning.  Then anger set in and he set his jaw and got ready to contact the tower.  “This had better not be something stupid because if it is, the next time I see that guy I’ll deck him!  Where’s that envelope.”
She held it up.
“Why don't you come sit up here with me?” Hunter said as he started the engines in sequence.
Janet got up and carefully eased into the co-pilot seat.  “I’m sure it’ll be fine.”  Janet tried to soften the evident edge to their conversation.  “You know Mr. Allensby.”
“I thought I did,” he mumbled.  “All this secrecy just for some briefcase with who-knows-what’s in it.  And who are we meeting, anyway?”
“I don’t know about that, but I would imagine it’s just papers of some kind,” she said, “but I don’t know for sure since the case is locked.”
Hunter watched his avionics display as the engines reached operational temperatures.  “Open the envelope.  Let’s see what’s so secret about this trip that a private courier service wouldn’t have worked just as well.”
Janet stared out the window.  “You know, even though he said he was sick, he seemed nervous when he called this morning,” she said opening the envelope and pulling out a piece of paper.
“Nervous.”  Hunter looked at her as he maneuvered his jet forward to the taxiway.  “Nervous,” he repeated.  “That’s interesting.  He didn’t sound all that nervous when he talked to me.  A little edgy, maybe, but then that’s Gerry most of the time.”  He lined up at the end of the runway waiting for permission to take off.  “So read what it says,” he said.
Janet looked at it.  “It’s just some numbers and couple of letters.”  Hunter took it and smirked.  “Coordinates,” he said and quickly plugged them into his flight management system.  Receiving clearance, he acknowledged with the tower then sent the jet racing down the runway lifting off and banking away. 
“This is probably some new movie deal Gerry’s cooked up and he doesn’t want anyone else to catch wind of it yet.  That alone would explain him being nervous and edgy.  That might even explain this mysterious destination... at least I hope that’s all it is.”  He gained altitude and came around to a new heading, anxious to clear the otherwise busy airspace. 
Janet agreed. “He is a little quirky about things sometimes.”
“Yeah.  Gerry always seems to be exceptionally paranoid about his film projects.”  Hunter managed a laugh.  “He’s just eccentric.  I think it’s probably another one of his little secret deals.  You know... a new movie contract or some investor, maybe, with a few bucks to invest in another one of his film projects and they don’t want anyone else to catch wind of it.”
“But don’t you think he would have told me if he was working on a new film?” Janet asked.  “I am his assistant, after all.”
“Yeah, I suppose,” Hunter agreed, “except he tends to keep new deals to himself as long as possible.  He’s always worried someone will say something and leak the deal to the press before he’s ready to make a grand announcement.”
Hunter continued to guide his aircraft higher until they reached cruising altitude before leveling off high above southern California.  The Pacific Ocean shimmered in the bright midday sunlight to the west.  “It’s a great day to fly,” he said. “I love it up here.”
With the sun high in the sky everything below was dazzling, the quintessence of a typical southern California afternoon.
Janet admired the view as well.  “Everything always looks so beautiful from up here.”
Hunter glanced at her and grinned.
“Mr. Blake?  Aren’t you supposed to file a flight plan?” she asked suddenly.
“It’s kind of hard to do that when you don’t know where you’re going ahead of time,” Hunter said, still annoyed.  “But, actually flying during the day, and especially a short hop like this, we don’t need one.  If we were flying at night, that would be a different story... or if the weather was bad, I would.  This is more like making a trip to the grocery store.  We’ll fly in, give that thing to whomever, and come back.”
“Okay.” She continued to gaze out the windows, watching as they passed over populated areas.  “This is nice,” she said.
“Yeah, I like being up here and out of road traffic,” Hunter agreed.
“So where are we going?” she asked.
Hunter glanced at his navigation screen and frowned.
“What it is?”
“Southern Arizona.  Not all that far from the Mexican border.”
They continued on, flying south for a while, following the Pacific coastline nearly to San Diego before heading inland. “We’ll be flying south of the Salton Sea in a few minutes,” Hunter said, “but north of the Mexican border then over Yuma.  If we’re lucky we might catch a glimpse of the Gulf of California.  Depends on how much haze there is.”
“Gulf of California?” she asked.
“Yeah.  It separates Baja from mainland Mexico,” he said.  “Didn’t you ever take geography classes in school?” he teased.
She made a face.
“From this altitude you can’t see the border all that well, except here and there when the fences are.  Sometimes it looks like there’s a line drawn in the sand, so to speak.  Besides, the jackrabbits and rattlesnakes don’t seem to care whether they’re in Mexico or the U.S.”
 “You’re right,” she agreed.  “Just a whole lot of desert down there, except for farmland.”  She was surprised.  “I didn’t expect to see so much green in the desert,” she remarked as they flew over the Imperial Valley with its miles and miles of irrigated farmland.
“It’s amazing what a little water can do,” he agreed.
A short while later, they were gazing down at Yuma.  It didn’t look much different than anything else they had been flying over.  It was bounded on all sides by farmland.  The Colorado River separated Arizona from Mexico on the west and from California on the north edge of town.  Beyond that were miles and miles of dry desert made up of bleak hills, gullies, and sand both to the east, and south on into Mexico.
They flew in silence, both of them playing with their thoughts and curious about the increasingly mysterious assignment from Gerry.  Eventually, Hunter began his descent.  Evidence of a small town appeared ahead, with its streets appearing as rectangular scars etched into the desert floor.
“I see the airfield,” Hunter announced. “I just hope the landing strip is in good condition.”
Soon they were circling a shallow area surrounded by low hills
Hunter came in, performing a low fly-by, making a visual check of the airstrip.  Janet could see a very faded and nearly motionless wind sock mounted at the top of what appeared to be a flagpole.  There were no other buildings of significance other than a couple of sun bleached metal hangars well off to one side of the landing strip.
Hunter circled around once more and carefully set down.  Rolling to a stop, he carefully came about to set up for their eventual departure.  With some trepidation about their location, he left the engines in idle and removed his headset.  They both sat peering out at their surroundings.
“Welcome to Henrico Carlos Community Airport,” he said with a measure of disgust.  “So, now what?”
“I don’t know,” Janet replied wide-eyed.  “I thought someone was going to be here to meet us.  Mr. Allensby didn’t tell you anything?”
“No.  But then, like I said, I thought he’d be coming.”
“Well… I guess someone will come,” Janet said uneasily.  “But I didn’t see any cars on the road headed this way.”
“Yeah.  Well, my guess is someone will fly in, just like we did since this is way out in the middle of nowhere.”  He unbuckled his seat restraint.  “I’m going to leave the engines idling while we wait, but we can get out and walk around a little.  Stretch our legs.  I’m sure Buster will like to run around.”
Hunter retrieved the attaché, opened the cabin door and secured the stairs before climbing down.  He set the case on the ground then chocked the nose wheel as a safety precaution as the engines continued to run.  The heat of the afternoon sun was in stark contrast to the milder climate they’d left a short time earlier, which was tempered by an onshore ocean breeze.  A baseball cap and sunshades did little to ward off the heat and glare coming off the runway paving.  Buster trotted around stopping here and there to sniff the air.
“Don’t wander off,” Hunter called out to him
Janet emerged at the top of the stairs minus her jacket, but wearing sunglasses.  She gazed out at the bleak landscape of low scrub plants and an occasional tall cactus-looking plant here and there.  “It sure is hot,” she said shading her eyes.
“Yeah, especially on this asphalt,” Hunter agreed.
Joining Hunter on the hot weathered pavement of the airstrip, she fanned her face.  “You’re right.  I can feel the heat through the bottom of my sandals and why here, of all places?” she asked looking around.
“I have no idea.”  Hunter answered uneasily then cautioned, “Don’t wander off... and be ready to move fast if we have to.”
“Okay,” she replied. “You know, this feels really uncomfortable, and I’m not talking about the heat.”
“I know,” he agreed.  “Did you see that open pit mine as we came in?  They’re so damn ugly.”
“Yes, but in a place like this does it matter?”
“I guess not,” he replied looking for his dog.  “Buster!  Where’d you go?”
Buster romped up to Hunter then sniffed some more.  All any of them could hear was the buzzing and clicking of insects.  Nothing else.  A very slight but hot breeze tossed Janet’s long hair around her neck and face as the intense sunlight bore down.
“It’s too hot out here for me,” she finally said.  “Okay if I get back on the plane?”
“Sure,” Hunter replied.  “Yeah, and take Buster with you.  I don’t want him to run off.  Give him some water too, please.”
Janet rounded up Buster and the two of them climbed back onboard.  Moments later, Hunter stiffened and listened.  A faint but very familiar sound echoed off the nearby hills.  His suspicion was confirmed as a black helicopter suddenly crested the low hills to the east, swooping in toward the airfield.
It circled twice then hovered for a moment before setting down a short distance away, facing Hunter and his jet.  Hunter’s stomach was in a knot as he nervously watched the aircraft, its rotors still fully engaged.  He was particularly concerned about the mounted rocket launchers on each side.  A door opened and a man wearing a gray jumpsuit, baseball cap, and sunshades climbed out.  No one said anything.
Hunter retrieved the attaché then hesitated.  The man motioned for him to approach.  Cautiously, Hunter headed toward the helicopter, with every nerve on edge.  He could see the silhouette of the pilot at the controls but couldn’t make out any distinctive features.
The man on the ground suddenly held up his hand for Hunter to stop, then signaled him to set the attaché down and head back to his plane.  Hunter did as instructed but walked backwards, keeping an eye on the helicopter and the men.
The man picked up the case, then headed for the helicopter.  As he handed it to a pair of waiting hands the case slipped and hit the airstrip.  The jolt popped the case open and a sudden wisp of wind swept some of the contents into the air.  Hunter immediately realized the attaché was filled with money.  He stopped, uncertain what to do then spun around to run as someone onboard leaned out with a gun and took a shot.  Hunter went down lying motionless on the ground.
Janet watched as the first man scrambled to pick up the paper fluttering around on the ground, while another man jumped out to retrieve the attaché.  Then in horror she watched the second man pull a gun and shoot the first one.  The gunman jumped onboard with the attaché as the helicopter lifted off and headed west, disappearing over the top of another group of low hills.
Stunned at what she had just witnessed and fearing the worst, Janet climbed out of the plane, with Buster at her heels.  She ran to Hunter’s side, terrified he was dead.  “Mr. Blake!  Mr. Blake!” she screamed frantically, kneeling next to his body.
“Are they gone?” he asked looking up at her.
“You’re alive!”
“Get back on the plane!  Now!” he ordered as he scrambled to his feet.
“But...”
Hunter grabbed her arm, “Come on!”
Buster had already jumped onboard.  Hunter hustled Janet to the stairs, barking more orders.  “Sit down, belt up, and hold on!” he shouted as he grabbed the nose wheel chock.  Tossing it inside, he jumped onboard pulling up the stairs.
“I thought you were dead,” she said again, now sitting in the cabin with Buster at her feet.
“Sometimes clumsiness can be a good thing,” he muttered reaching for the door.  Suddenly a bloody hand grabbed the doorframe.  Without hesitating, Hunter shoved down the stairs and pulled the wounded man onboard.  “Belt up!” he ordered as he secured the door and climbed into the pilot seat.  “We’re outta time!”
Hunter pushed the throttle forward as they began to pick up speed.  Pulling back on the yoke as soon as he dared they began to climb.  At seven hundred fifty feet he cleared the nearby barren hills.
Janet stared at their unexpected guest, sitting across from her, whose chest was covered in blood.
“I’m okay,” he said.  “Nothing serious.”  Moments later, he unbelted and headed to the cockpit.  “Head due east,” he said.
Hunter reacted with a start. “Who the hell are you and why aren’t you belted up back there!”
“You want to stay alive?” the young stranger asked.  “Due east until I tell you otherwise.”
“Get back there!” Hunter bellowed.
“You need me if you don’t want to get shot down!” the stranger yelled back.  Without an invitation, he eased into the co-pilot seat.  “Transponder off?”
“Yes,” Hunter said obviously not pleased with the situation.
“Turn it on,” the stranger ordered.
“What!”
“Turn it on,” he said and did it himself.
“Right!  So they can find us.  Who are you?  And with that much blood, why aren’t you dead yet?”
“Wearing a vest.  Fake blood, but the impact can still stun.  Knocked the wind out of me temporarily,” he explained quickly.  “We want them to track us for a short while because we’re gonna try to let them think we crashed.”
“Are you crazy?  We may be faster than they are, but those missiles they’re carrying have a range sufficient to take us out.”
“I know.”
“Who the hell are you!” Hunter demanded.
“Right now, your best friend.  There should be a canyon coming up,” he pointed ahead.  “Those hills.”  He watched out the front window intently.  “There!”
“What if it’s a dead end?” Hunter asked.
“It isn’t.  Trust me.  You think I’d go to this much trouble just to crash in a box canyon?”
The landscape below was no less bleak, with its assortment of sagebrush, mesquite, and saguaro cactus struggling to exist amid the treeless hills and valleys as they raced toward a rocky and formidable mountain range.
Hunter was still furious.  “That was some kind of a damned handoff!  What do you know about it?” he asked.
“All I can tell you is that gun ship is hot on our tail, and I can assure you there’s at least one other out here somewhere.” the stranger said.  “All the more reason for us to attempt to fake a crash.  Just keep a steady hand going through the canyon.  I’ll take care of the transponder.”
“You have a name?” Hunter asked.
“Brian.”
“Okay... Brian.  What do you know about this... this handoff?  And why did Gerry place us in such a risky and potentially deadly situation!  Why is he trying to get us killed!  That was a damned gunship!  What the hell is he up to!”
“Straight ahead,” Brian said instead.  “You want me to take the controls?”
“Oh, hell no!”  Hunter said making a slight adjustment to their heading.  Moments later they rocketed into the narrow canyon. 


Chapter Seven
“We’re gonna crash!” Janet screamed.
“Not if I can help it!”  Hunter declared defiantly.
Brian deactivated the transponder as Hunter deftly navigated their precarious route.  The collision avoidance system continually called out warnings of potential impacts with protruding canyon walls on either side.
“I’m beginning to hate that voice,” Hunter said dryly.
Although taking only minutes to negotiate the rugged canyon, the intense concentration and focus seemed interminable until they suddenly burst out the other end, skimming across open desert once again.
Hunter continued to grip the yoke but otherwise felt immediate relief.
“Take her up to fifteen hundred,” Brian suggested.  “And let’s do what we can to avoid the heavier air traffic areas.”
Hunter complied, guiding his aircraft higher until leveling off.  He finally took a deep breath of air in an attempt to calm his frazzled nerves before asking, “So how did you know about that canyon?” he asked Brian.
“I... uh... I was in the Air Force.  I did a couple of tours in Iraq.  We used to fly practice runs out here in the desert and one day a couple of us decided to play chicken.”  Brian shifted in his seat.  “I know, stupid to do that with expensive military aircraft, but what the hell, we knew we might die anyway once we were in combat,” he explained.  “Caught heck for it though.”  He laughed.
Hunter didn’t respond but instead yanked something from his shirt pocket and held it up so Janet could see.  “What do you make of this?” he called back to her.
“Money?” she replied.
“Yeah, money,” he said re-pocketing it.  “That whole case was full of money, wasn’t it Brian?” Hunter’s tone was more of an accusation than a question.
“Yes, it was.”
“Did you know it would be?” Hunter asked.
“I did not.  I was just as surprised as you were when that thing popped open.  But I knew I was a dead man because of it.  No loose ends, you know?”
“Loose ends.  What kind of people are you working for?  You were part of their crew, weren’t you?” 
“In a manner of speaking.  I was trained to do a job but it wasn’t until I was taken to a remote location to board that helicopter this morning that I realized this was going to be more than a simple pickup.  You don’t need an armed aircraft for that.”
Hunter glanced out his side window, then at his navigation display.  “I guess that means we’re all loose ends which means we’re all in a whole lot of trouble!” He stared straight ahead.  “Well, hot-shot, now where to?”
“I have no idea,” Brian replied.  “Like I said, I thought I was just helping out on some simple errand.  Good thing I was wearing that vest.”
Hunter frowned.  “Yeah... about that vest.  If you thought you were on a simple errand, as you put it, why wear the vest?”
Brian let out a nervous laugh.  “To protect myself.”
“To protect yourself.  So, are you going to level with me, or keep secrets?  Because we’d probably get along a whole lot better if I knew what you are up to.  Why should we trust you?  Maybe that whole incident was staged for our benefit.  Maybe you were planning all along to hitch a ride with us.”
“Hitching a ride with you, as you put it, was a stroke of luck.  Honestly I didn’t know how I was going to get out of that mess.  The minute I climbed onboard that chopper, I knew my number was up.  If I hadn’t managed to get on this plane, I’d be dead.”  He looked at Hunter with a steady gaze.  “And that’s the truth.”
“Are you going to tell me who you really are and who you really work for?  And what about this special assignment you just mentioned.  What’s the assignment and who’s running the show?”
Brian stared ahead.  “The assignment was given to me by a guy named Ham.  He wanted me to try to find out about some drug running.  I had been working as a two-bit actor.” He chuckled. “You know... trying to earn a few bucks,” he glanced at Hunter who managed a crooked smile.
“Been there,” Hunter said.
“Yeah, well then you know how it is.  There’s a lot of competition for bit parts and walk-ons so I was showing up for anything and everything... whenever and wherever.  I just needed to make enough to pay rent and feed myself until I could find a permanent job.... not acting by the way.”  He laughed.  “No offense, but there doesn’t seem to be a whole lot of room at the top of that ladder.”
Hunter chuckled.  “You pretty much have to build your own ladder, I’m afraid, but you’re right.  It takes work and the competition is definitely stiff.  Getting some lucky breaks along the way helps a little too.”
Brian nodded then continued, “I didn’t even own a car.  I had to take the bus, walk, thumb rides... whatever it took to get around.  Anyway, I guess I got someone’s attention showing up at all those tryouts because I got a phone call one afternoon asking if I’d be interested in something long term.  They quoted a price for the work and I accepted.  I was excited because it would be steady employment, at least for a while, and give me a chance to relax a little without the stress of constantly showing up for cattle calls.”
“I remember,” Hunter acknowledged.  “So who called?”
“I thought it was an agency.  At least the whole proposition felt like it was coming through an agency.  A woman called and said her name was... Linda, or something like that.  Very pleasant.  I was given an address where I was to show up the first day, so I went, met a few folks... they took photos... it felt like an agency type of thing.”
“Anybody else there for the same reason?”
“Yeah there was about six of us, as I recall.  Five guys and one gal.  I never met Linda, who called me, but there were a couple of men who greeted us and pumped us up.  We were all pretty excited.  So they provided each of us a script and assigned roles then told us to go home and study our parts then come back in a week.  So we did.”
“Was this a production of some kind?” Hunter asked.
“I thought so.  We all showed up, went through a few scenes... they filmed us so we could watch it later for critiquing.  Anyway, this went on for about six weeks.  The next time I showed up, I was alone.  They said they had to cut everyone else and that I was exactly what they were looking for.”
“Interesting,” Hunter said thoughtfully.
“Yeah.  I was thrilled, of course, but at the same time, something didn’t feel quite right because I thought everyone did a great job during rehearsals and this decision seemed kind of quick and unexpected.  Anyway, even though something felt weird I couldn’t put my finger on it.  Besides, it was steady work and I really didn’t feel all that comfortable saying anything to anyone else.
“So, they put me in a limo and we drove out to the desert near Palm Springs to an estate.  Big place.  Once we got there, they put me in a jeep with a couple of other guys and we drove further out into the desert to this compound-looking place.  It was out in the middle of nowhere, in like a depression... you know.  I mean the area was like a shallow bowl with rocky and barren hills all around.  That’s all you could see.  I was told it was a movie set and we’d continue rehearsing and filming there.”
“Did you stay at the estate?”
“On the grounds yes, but not in the mansion.  They had barracks in the compound for us to sleep in.  It was like they were part of the movie set too.  It was pretty stark.  In fact the place was fenced with chain link and razor wire on top, but that was out beyond the perimeter, so you couldn’t actually see the fence unless you went for a hike.  Hiking, however, was discouraged.
The whole estate was fenced?” Hunter asked.
“No... just the compound where we were filming and living.  It was beginning to feel more like a military installation than a movie set to me.  Hell, they even had armed guards.  I guess at this point it finally dawned on me that we weren’t making a movie at all and that I had naively managed to get myself into a very serious situation.”
“What about the script?  What was it about?”  Hunter was getting more interested.
“Military action type script.  We practiced invasion techniques and there was a lot of target practice.  We practiced hand-to-hand combat presumably for scenes that would require it.  Everything was choreographed... the fight scenes... everything.  We’d go through stuff in slow motion to get the right angles, and learned how to duck and roll and... I don’t know.  Even the dialogue was practiced over and over,” Brian said with a yawn.
“You must be tired,” Hunter said.
“Sorry, but yeah.  I am a little tired,” he apologized.  “I’ve been up since before dawn,” he said with another yawn then got back to his story.  “Anyway, at first it was kind of exciting and I honestly thought the armed guards were actors too.  That is until one of them pulled off a shot at a jack rabbit one afternoon.  He laughed his head off then got chewed out.  I was hustled to another building but I heard him say something like how bored he was and when was he going to see some real action.”
“It sounds almost like you were hand-picked for something,” Hunter said.
“Yeah.  We spent a lot of time going through the scenes and tactics.  They always had cameras and a film crew going through the motions, but after a while I began to wonder if they really were filming anything at all because they stopped letting us view the dailies.
Hunter nodded. “Not all directors and producers expect the actors to view the dailies unless they need someone to see how they’re doing for some reason.”
“I know,” Brian agreed, “but the whole atmosphere started to change.  It stopped feeling like a movie set and more like a staging area for something else.”
“Okay, but how does all of this work into that Arizona handoff?”
“Well, before I get to that, I wanted to tell you about someone else who had been working this so-called movie with me.  His name was Zack.  He said he’d gone through the same routine... getting a call, showing up for a shoot and ending up at the compound.  He said he’d overheard some conversation between crew members and picked up on what sounded like some kind of smuggling operation.  He was kinda scared about it because he said he didn’t want anything to do with anything illegal.”
“Did you trust him?”
“I wanted to, but something told me to just listen and keep my mouth shut.  Besides a couple of days later, he was gone.  I was told he quit, but I didn’t get the feeling anyone was at liberty to quit their job voluntarily.  By this time I didn’t trust anyone and didn’t want to get caught saying something or doing something stupid in front of the wrong people.  Even so, I got my hands on this vest by accident when I was sent to a tent to get a prop.  I forget what I was looking for.  All I remember is seeing a large crate.  The lid had been removed but was sitting a little cockeyed on top of the crate.  So I took a peek and found all kinds of stuff in it, including some of these vests,” he patted his chest.
“What else was in it?”
“Mostly guns and boxes of rounds.  Without thinking, I took one of the vests and hurried to find a place to hide it near an outside wall of the tent.  Then I stepped out of the tent to let them know I couldn’t find what they wanted.  Then this guy comes charging over and grabs my arm like he wanted to yank it out of the socket and demanded to know what I was doing in there.  I’m trying to explain I was looking for a prop when the director comes over and tells the other guy to cool it.”
“Do any of these people have names?” Hunter asked.  
“Just first names like Jake, Bull, Dusty... names like that.”
“Bull?” Hunter laughed.
“Yeah, well he’s the one who wanted yank off my arm.”  Brain shook his head.  “So I’m lying low, doing everything they tell me.  I didn’t ask any questions or look at anyone unless I was supposed to.  I just did what I was told.  Anyway, later than night I headed for the latrine before going to bed and I was alone.  So I managed to retrieve the vest and put it on under my shirt.  I slept in the thing and started wearing it every day.”
“The vest,” Hunter said.  “Sounds uncomfortable.”
“It’s not that bad, but yeah, maybe a little, but getting back to your question,” Brian continued, “about three weeks before today’s fiasco, another guy shows up.  I’d never seen him before, but everyone else seemed to know who he was.”
“What did he look like?” Hunter asked.
“Needed a haircut, shave, and a bath.”
Hunter laughed.  “I expect just about everyone there needed the same.  I mean, you’re pretty scroungy looking at the moment.”
“The dried blood doesn’t help much,” Brian agreed running a hand through his hair.
Hunter nodded, “Okay, so back to this guy.  What can you tell me about him?”
“I was told he went by the name of Ham. He hung around for about three days talking to different people and once I noticed he was looking at me and talking to Dusty, the director dude the last day he was there.  After a while he found me and we started talking.  He asked a few questions, nothing very interesting.  We walked toward the fence and he stopped with his back to the compound and told me to look at the desert and act like we were talking about cactus and stuff.  I mean, it was weird... until...”
“Until what?”
“Until he asked me how I liked the job.  And I did my best to sound like it was great.  Then he asked if I’d seen anything unusual going on around the compound as he pointed out to the desert and pretended to laugh at stuff.”
“What was he up to?”
“He asked if I’d like to make some extra money.  I said no.  He gave me a sideways look as if he didn’t believe me and I had to look away.   I could tell he knew I was lying.  In fact now I know he knew I wanted out of there.”
“So what happened?”
“He took a chance and told me he needed an inside man and said if I could help him out, he’d get me out of the compound.”
“You believed him?”
“I wanted to, but I was scared, to be honest.  For all I knew, he had been brought in to lull me into his confidence and...”
“I get it.  Then what?”
“He said I didn’t have to answer him, but if I’d keep my eyes and ears open, and help him out, he’d make it worth my while.  Then he slapped me on the back and we headed back to the main area of the compound.  Dusty walked up to us and looked at Ham, who smiled and said, ‘He’s alright.’  I gave him this dorky smile and looked at Dusty, who was grinning.  Then he slapped me on the back and put his arm around my shoulders and said, ‘That’s my boy’.
“Two days later, I’m on that chopper headed for Arizona and so was Bull.  I knew he hated my guts for some reason.  Once we were airborne he leaned over and told me he didn’t trust me and that Dusty was a fool to trust me.  I knew right then and there I was in trouble.”
Hunter took a deep breath and let it out.  “Okay, so you fly into that airport, we make the handoff happen, you go back to get onboard the chopper and the attaché dropped.”
“Yeah, and that was Bull’s fault. I handed it right to him.  I think now that he was so set on finding a reason to kill me that he might have dropped it on purpose.  And there was all that money.  So I’m running around trying to grab the loose bills to give to him and he shoots me!”
“So you’re a pilot... flew for the Air Force... is there anything else you’ve forgotten to tell me?” Hunter asked firmly.
“Can’t think of anything at the moment,” Brian replied then gazed out the side widow and took a deep breath.  “I knew I was going to die.  I knew Bull was going to see to that.”
Hunter looked at Brian, “Who was flying that rig?”
“Don’t know.  Never saw him before.  In fact I never did see his face, only the back of his helmet.  I don’t think Zack quit, either.  I’m sure he’s dead or something.  They probably dumped his body in the desert somewhere.”
“I find it a bit unbelievable these people would go to so much trouble to hire others with the understanding they were going to be in a movie, just to use them for something like this,” Hunter remarked.
“Do you?” Brian asked in surprise.  “I don’t.  They hire a bunch of struggling and hungry people and train them to do their dirty work then dispose of them afterward.  That way they can legitimately say they didn’t do it... whatever ‘it’ was that needed to be done.  We were all trained to act our parts and when they were through with us... they’d dispose of us.  Just like that.”
“And you never saw or heard from Ham again?”
“Nope.”
“You think he ratted you out?”
“Ratted me out?”  Brian laughed.  “If he did it would have been based on a gut feeling rather than anything I said or did... because I didn’t say or do anything.  I just stood there and listened.” Brian got quiet.  “Thanks for pulling me onboard, by the way.  You saved my life.”
Hunter smiled.  “So, you want to take the yoke for a while?”
A smile creased Brian’s face.  “Seriously?  I’d love to.”
Hunter eased out of the pilot seat and moved back into the cabin to sit with Janet.  “Interesting conversation?” she asked.
“Yes.” He sat down in the seat adjacent to hers so he could keep an eye on Brian then filled her in on what they talked about.
“Do you believe him?”
“Maybe.  We’ll see.”
“You sure you want him flying your plane?”
“For a while, yes.”
“You have autopilot.”
“I know but that doesn’t mean we can get up and walk away from the cockpit.  Besides, I needed to get up and move.  My legs were getting stiff.  Too much going on for one day.”
“I agree,” she said.
Hunter took Janet’s hand and gave it a gentle squeeze.  “You have any plans for the rest of the week?” he asked.
“Just work.  Why?”
“No personal plans with family, friends... a boyfriend?  Anything like that?”
“No, why?”
“Because you just quit your job.”
“I what?  But...”
“Think about it,” he looked at her soberly. “You and I flew to Arizona today, at Gerry’s request, naively believing we were simply going to drop off a briefcase with paperwork in it and fly home.  We were met by a very suspicious black helicopter in the middle of nowhere which was armed to the teeth.
“I hand off the case to Brian who has the misfortune of losing some of the contents which happened to be a lot of money.  Someone on that chopper shoots at both of us.  He hauls his sorry and bloody backside onto the plane then the three of us high-tail it out of there hoping to avoid getting blown to pieces.” He paused to take a breath.
“Anyway, your boss and my former friend got us into this mess.  You sure you want to go back to work?”
“I guess not,” she conceded with a sigh.  “So where are we going?”
“I don’t know, but you’ll have to trust me.”
“Trusting you isn’t a problem, but I’m not so sure I trust him,” her voice dropped to a whisper again as she looked toward the cockpit.  “So what are we going to do?”
“I don’t know, at least not yet.  We’ll have to play things by ear,” He looked at her and squeezed her hand again.  “We’ll be fine.”  He stood up.  Guess I’ll go back up front.”  He glanced at Buster sleeping in front of the cabin door.  “At least he seems content enough.”
“I’m going to try to sleep for a while,” Janet said.
Hunter rejoined Brian but signaled for him to continue to flying.  “Think of anything else?” Hunter asked him.
“No.  But if I do, I’ll let you know.”  Brian tried to shift in his seat.  “I know you don’t trust me.  I don’t blame you.  But I’m not one of them.  And like I said, I’d probably be dead right now if you hadn’t helped me out, so... thanks... again.”
“Okay,” Hunter said with a nod then changed the subject.  “I think we need to put down for a while to stretch and work on a plan.”
“Okay but where?” Brian asked.
“Right there,” Hunter said lightly tapping the navigation screen.
“What’s there?”
“A whole lot of nothing,” Hunter replied reaching for the yoke.  “I’ve got the controls.”  Hunter adjusted the flight path and plugged their destination into the computer.  “Won’t be long,” he said.  “It’ll feel good to walk around without having to hunch over like we do in the plane.”  He let out a laugh.  “I once talked to an aircraft design engineer and asked how much it would cost to custom-design one of these with a little bit higher ceiling.”
“What did he say?”
“He just laughed, told me to upgrade to a larger plane, and walked away.”
Brian smiled.  “At least you can get up and move around.  Fighter jets are a little more cramped.”
Hunter nodded.  “That’s true.  So what did you fly?”
“I was trained in a Tomcat, the F-14, but ended up flying an F-15 for most of my missions.  On my last rotation I flew an F-16 but took a hit on my last run.  Made it down okay, but I lost an engine.  It was kind of dicey because I felt like a sitting duck.  One of my buddies wanted to fly my wing to make sure I got back safe, but I told him to get out there and kick some butt.”
“He make it back?”
“Yes he did.  He had a successful run.  Anyway they cut me loose after that and I came home.  Spent some time getting treated for PTSD then I was able to go to college on a federal loan.  I got my degree in business administration.  Not sure what I’m going to do with it, though.  I can tell you this, I don’t like killing people.  And from the air, you can’t see who you hit.  You never know.  I do know we killed civilians... everyone did... and in that respect I guess we were all bad guys because either way, death is death.”
“I understand,” Hunter said.  “I flew in Vietnam.  I did two tours.  When I came home, there were no parades welcoming me back.  Instead I was spit on and cursed... accused of being a drug addict... and accused of being a good-for-nothing son of a...” he didn’t finish his thought.  “There were no benefits of any kind, no college loans or scholarships, and no jobs.
“We served our country and our country turned its back on us.  They didn’t do one damn thing for us when we came home.  Not a thing.”  Hunter became quiet for a moment then continued, “Over 58,000 men and women lost their lives during an almost 20 year war that we lost.  We lost to some... what was it Henry Kissinger said?  He called them a fourth-rate power.  You know, it was the only war the United States had ever lost to that point in time.  We were no longer invincible, and even after the war, there were far more casualties.  More soldiers ended up committing suicide than actually died during the war.”
“I didn’t know that,” Brian said quietly.
“They don’t teach kids that stuff in school.  They like to gloss over stuff like that... make it seem like nothing really bad happened.  But bad stuff happened.  And then we had guys suffering from the effects of Agent Orange.  You know what that stuff is?  It’s an herbicide and choppers would fly over the jungles spraying it on everything, just like a crop duster.  And not just on trees, they sprayed it on villages and streams, rice fields... everywhere... even our own guys.  It killed all the leaves on any vegetation but it also killed people and still does.  It’s a slow and painful way to live out what’s left of your life.”  Hunter got quiet again.  “I’m sorry.  I thought I’d put all that behind me... but I guess not.”
“Did you get any treatment for PTSD?” Brian asked.
“We got nothing.  No help, no veterans benefits, no money for education... nothing.  Absolutely nothing because our government didn’t want to acknowledge that there was anything wrong with us.  We were expected to simply pick up where we left off, like nothing ever happened. We served in a war that had no real purpose and then we came home to another war... one with our own government and townspeople.”  He exchanged glances with Brian.  “You take advantage of whatever you can.  Whatever’s available.  Take care of yourself.”
Brian simply nodded.
“Hey you guys?” Janet called out.  “Do you know where we’re going yet?”
“We’re going to put down in about twenty minutes so we can get out and stretch,” Hunter called back to her.
It wasn’t long before he began a gradual descent, finally circling a small uncontrolled airfield in the southern part of Colorado on the edge of the Great Plains.  Easily setting down, he rolled to a stop then turned his aircraft and taxied back to the head of the runway, pulling into an empty but wide parking area.  He shut everything down and sat back.
“Not exactly how I expected the day to go,” he said.
“Me either,” Brian agreed, then eased himself out of the cockpit.  He opened the cabin door and set the stairs then climbed down.
Hunter joined Janet.  Buster looked up expectantly.  “It’s okay.  Go run around.”  Buster hopped down and headed for the grassy area to sniff and explore.
Hunter and Janet climbed down and stood on the small apron watching Brian who was a distance away staring across the prairie with his hands stuffed in the back pockets of his jeans.
“You have a nice nap?” Hunter asked.
“I did,” Janet replied.
Hunter breathed in deeply.  “Feels good to stretch and move around.”  He continued to watch Brian.  “He and I had a long chat.  We shared our military experiences.  He flew in Iraq.  Two tours.  Nearly got shot down on his last mission.”
“So what do you think of him?” Janet asked.
“He seems okay.  But we’ll see.”  He took her hand.  “Let’s walk around.”  Eventually they joined Brian.
“I didn’t realize you two were a couple,” he said.
Hunter let go of Janet’s hand.  “We’re not.  Just friends.”
“I see,” Brian said and grinned.
“No, seriously,” Hunter insisted.  “Just friends.”
Janet gave him a sideways look and shook her head then gazed out across the prairie.  “I don’t think I’ve ever seen anyplace so flat before, and it’s cold.” She shivered. “I need my jacket.  Be right back.”  She ran back to the plane.
Brian looked at Hunter with a frown.  “I’ve been thinking about everything and I have no idea why you or Janet are involved in any of this.”
“We were part of the handoff.” Hunter said.
“Yeah, but why?” he asked.  “Why you?  Why not someone else or some courier service?  And why Janet?  If she’s not your girlfriend along for the ride, why involve her?”
“She works for Gerry... or did.  I told her she quit her job today.”
“Gerry?” Brian asked.
“Allensby.  The producer.  He produced my last movie.”
“How does he fit in to all of this?”
Hunter laughed.  “He’s the one who sent us on this so called exchange, for crying out loud!  Janet was his assistant.” Hunter explained.  “He gave her the attaché and the coordinates for that airstrip.”
“I’m still confused,” Brian said.  “Why is a successful movie producer involved with these people?  And if she was his personal assistant, why put her in harm’s way?”
“Good question.  And I don’t know.”
“It doesn’t make sense,” Brian said.
Hunter glanced back at the plane just as Janet was climbing down the stairs.  “Brian, did those guys know about your military background?”
“I don’t know.  Maybe.  You’d think they must have vetted me before taking me to that compound.”
“Yeah.  You’d think so.”
Janet pulled her jacket tight around her chest as she rejoined the men.  “I’m still cold and so are my feet.”
“You shouldn’t have worn sandals,” Brian said.
“I thought it was going to be a quick turn-around trip today, not an unscheduled adventure,” she retorted.  “Plus, I’m hungry.”
“Check the storage areas,” Hunter suggested.  “There should be some snacks onboard.  I try to keep a few things on hand.  And there should be a blanket in one of the compartments.”  
“I already checked for food, and couldn’t find anything.  But I’ll go look for that blanket.”  She hurried back to the plane.
Hunter waited then looked at Brian, “So what do you think?”
“I think we have a giant bull’s eye on our collective backs.”
Hunter nodded in agreement.  “You hungry too?” he asked.
“Yeah.”
“Me too.  I know a place we can go.  Another small airfield.  It’s out of the way, but with a small café.  The food’s pretty good.”
“You’ve been there before, I take it.”
“A few times,” Hunter grinned.  He whistled for Buster.  “Let’s get going!”  Buster bounded back happily.  “Feeling better?” he grinned at his dog.
“Nice dog,” Brian remarked.  “Had him long?”
Hunter eyed Brian.  “Long enough.”
“Nice collar.”
“So I’ve been told,” Hunter replied as he headed toward the plane.   “Let’s go before it gets any later.”  Both men settled into the cockpit.  Soon they were airborne.
Hunter called over his shoulder to Janet, “How’s the blanket?”
“Feels good.  Thanks,” she said, pulling it up around her more snuggly.  After a while Brian drifted off to sleep, snoring lightly.  Hunter smiled as he watched the afternoon sun continue to settle into the western sky. 
Suddenly Brian coughed and sat up.  “Sorry.  I guess I was dreaming or something.”  He shook his head and frowned.  “I was dreaming but...” he grabbed for his phone.
“What is it?” Hunter asked with some concern.
“Damn!”
“What!”
“Our phones,” he said. “They’re like tracking devices.  We need to take the batteries out.  Now!”  He fumbled with his own phone, pulling the battery.
“Tracking devices...” Hunter started to say.
“Yeah.  Anyone can get a ping off of them.  They have secondary processors and GPS!”
Hunter fished out his phone.  “Here!” he handed it to Brian.  “You’ll need to get Janet’s.”
Brian climbed out of his seat and headed to the back.  Janet was still tightly wrapped in her blanket.  “Janet,” he said quietly giving her a gentle shake.  “Janet.”
She opened her eyes with a start looking into the face of Brian.  “What do you want?  Where’s Hunter?”
“Flying the plane, but I need your phone.”
“Why?”
“I need to remove the battery.” he said.
“Absolutely not!” she argued then yelled for Hunter, “He’s trying to take my phone!” 
 “Give it to him right now!” Hunter ordered.  “Don’t argue.  Just do it!”
Angrily, she pulled out her phone and shoved it at Brian.
“Thanks,” he said.  Quickly disabling her phone, he gave it back, but kept the battery.  “I’ll hang on to this for now,” he said, and returned to the cockpit.
Furious, Janet threw off her blanket which landed on top of Buster.  He stood up with it hanging off his shoulders and watched curiously.
Making her way to the cockpit, she demanded to know why Brian had to destroy her phone.
“He didn’t destroy it.  He just disabled it,” Hunter explained.
“But why!”
“For our protection!” Brian said adamantly, and then went on to explain.  “The bad guys can track us by getting a ping off our phones and then using several cell towers to triangulate our position.”
“What?”
“Even when we turn them off, there is a secondary processor that listens for incoming calls from nearby cell towers.  The call comes in, and the phone wakes up enough to react to the signal, even if you don’t know it.  That’s why you can get a missed call and not know it.  Not only that, someone could send a hidden virus... like a Trojan virus, via text or email, if you check email that way.  Anyway, if that happens someone could, in essence, take control of your phone, at least in some ways.”
“Well, then, they’ve probably already found us!” she snapped at him.
Ignoring her outburst, he continued, “Either that, or they are tracking our flight path to determine where we’re headed.”
“That’s just great,” she said and sat down on the floor behind the cockpit.  “We’re never going to escape these people.  They will hunt us down and...”
“That’s enough!” Hunter ordered.  He pointed to the navigation screen.  “We’re headed here,” he pointed.  “Time for dinner.”
“But if anyone sees us... you especially...” Janet was concerned.
“I have a plan.”
“You care to share?” Brian asked.
“The guy who runs the service counter at this small airfield knows me.  I’ve flown in and out of his field on numerous occasions.  They don’t have a tower, but he monitors radio transmissions with a scanner just in case someone needs something.”
“And we need something,” Brian said.
“Exactly.  There’s one frequency he and I have used in the past.  I’ll let him know I’m coming and he’ll make sure the fuel truck is ready.  I’ll also ask to have four burgers ready for all of us.  He’ll bring out the food and make sure we get fueled up.  No one needs to leave the plane.  I’ve done this sort of thing here before when I’ve travelled through.  I’m usually in a hurry.”
“Okay.  I like it.”
“But can you trust him?” Janet asked.
“I can trust Mike.”
“So give him a call,” Brian said.
“I’ll send it Morse code, just in case.”
“Even better,” Brian said grinning.
Hunter found the frequency then used his communication button to tap out the message.  Shortly thereafter he got a reply.
Brian looked at Hunter.  “Not good.”
“We’ll have to take our chances.”  Hunter tapped another message.  ‘Understood.’
“Now what?” Janet asked.  “What’s wrong?”
Hunter sighed, “He said he got a fax about half an hour ago from the FBI asking all small airfields to be on the lookout for this plane.  It included the ID.  He says he hasn’t shown it to anyone yet, though.”
“That’s good,” she replied.  “I guess.”
“It should be fine for the short time we’ll be there.  But he’ll have to post it and maybe respond at some point so he doesn’t get into any trouble.”
Another message came in.  “That’s great.”
“Now what?” Janet asked.
“Apparently they’ve also notified all the TV and radio news stations with a photo of me,” Hunter was irritated.
“I’m scared,” Janet said nervously.  “What if we get caught?  What will they do to us?”
“Let’s not worry about that yet.  Mike will do what he can and we’ll just have to roll with it.”
Minutes later they touched down.  Hunter taxied close to the fuel truck that was ready and waiting for them.  He recognized the attendant and gave a slight acknowledgement.  “He’s okay,” Hunter said.
A small pickup truck pulled up moments later.  Hunter opened the cabin door and a smiling Mike handed him a bag emitting the wonderful aroma of food.  Hunter shoved some bills at him.
“Keep it,” Mike said.  “Doris didn’t ring it up.  No paper trail that way.  Same with the fuel.”
“But you can’t afford to do that.  The burgers, maybe, but not the fuel.  Take the cash.  Stick it in your pocket.  No arguments.”
Reluctantly, Mike accepted the money.  “Doris and I turned off all the TVs,” he said.  “No one’s in the diner right now, but we just want to play it safe for now.  If anyone asks we’ll say something’s up with the service. Once you’re gone we’ll turn them back on.”
“Thanks, Mike.  Now get out of here.  The less you’re seen with us the better.”
“I know this is all hyped up, Mr. Blake,” he said.  “Safe trip.”
“Thanks.”  Hunter shook his hand then closed the cabin door and secured it.
“How long will it take to finish fueling?” Janet asked nervously as Hunter handed her the bag of food.
“Not long so belt up.”
Eventually the fuel attendant tapped the side of the jet and gave a thumbs-up.  Hunter waved in acknowledgement and waited for the truck to pull away before starting his engines.  Anxiously waiting until each one was at peak performance, he kept an eye on the airfield.  Once ready, he guided his aircraft to the threshold getting ready to take off.
What they weren’t expecting was the sight of a sheriff’s unit, siren wailing and its array of lights flashing, race onto the tarmac from a gated entry near the café and head for the runway.
“Hang on everyone!” Hunter ordered.  Pushing the throttle forward he pulled back on the yoke propelling his aircraft down the runway as the official vehicle careened onto the end of the runway heading straight for him.
“It’s gonna be close,” Brian said focusing on the vehicle ahead as the distance closed rapidly.
“Here we go,” Hunter said pulling the back on the yoke back.  Wheels up!”  The private jet roared into the airspace with elegance and speed, clearing the tops of the sheriff’s vehicles by only a few feet.  Climbing higher, both he and Brian let out audible sighs of relief as the landing gear locked snuggly into the belly of the fuselage.
A muffled voice from the cabin called out. “Are we safe yet?”
Brian looked around and chuckled.  “She’s wrapped up in her blanket head to toe.  We’re fine!” he answered.  “You can come out now.”
Yanking the blanket off her head, Janet looked out the window and down at the ground far below then sat back and closed her eyes.  “Will this day never end?” she whined, still hugging the bag of food.  “I am so done with all of this!”


Chapter Eight
Both Hunter and Brian grinned in relief then focused on their flight plan.
“Now where to?” Brian asked.
“I’m working on that,” Hunter replied.  “I want to head due east for a while then come back around.  Visually I want it to look like we’re going that-a-way.”  He pointed.
“Sounds good to me.”
“Can I come sit up there again?” Janet asked.
“For a while,” Hunter said.  “But if I tell you to belt up, no questions, understand?  You just do it.”
“I will,” she promised.  Janet moved forward and sat down behind the men, once again wrapped in her blanket, still hanging onto the bag of food.  This time Buster joined her and laid his head on her leg stiffing her blanket with interest.  She rubbed his ears.  “Buster has been so good, hasn’t he?”
“Very good,” Hunter agreed.  “He’s a great dog.”  He looked over his shoulder.  “So where’s the food?”
“Right here.”  She opened the bag.  “Wow they really loaded us up,” she said handing them each a hamburger and some fries.
“There should be an extra meat patty for Buster,” Hunter said.
Janet inventoried the bag.  “Altogether they gave us six hamburgers, six bags of fries... four cooked hamburger patties, and bottled water.”
“That Mike is something else.  All I told him was four hamburgers and the extra one was for Buster.”
“There’s a note.”  Janet said, fishing it out of the bottom of the bag.  She smiled then read it out loud.  “It says, ‘Hunter, for all the good times. Stay safe.  Our prayers are with you and your friends.  Doris.’ Mmmm,” she teased. “So, who’s Doris?”
“She runs the café.”
“Oh,” she said with a grin.
“Don’t do that!” Hunter said in exasperation.  “It’s not like that. She’s just talking about other times I’d fly in.  She and Mike and I would sit and talk and have some laughs.  That’s all.”
“I see,” Janet replied suppressing a giggle, amused as his sudden defensiveness.
“Really.  That’s all she meant,” Hunter insisted.
“That’s fine.”
Hunter looked at her.  “Women.  Always getting goofy ideas.”
“You’re the one fussing about it.  You don’t have to get so defensive.  I don’t care if you and Doris are friends.  It’s fine.  Brian thinks it’s fine too, don’t you Brian?”
“Sure,” he replied taking a big bite of his hamburger while staring out his side window.  “Nice looking sky out there,” he gestured.  “Really nice.”
“You’re both goofy,” Hunter retorted.
“And you are obviously holding back on us,” Janet replied, “but that’s okay.  Because I’m sure we really don’t want to know.”
“Look!” Hunter began.
“Hey!” Brian interrupted.  “Can you just fly the plane?” he said to Hunter.  “And maybe you should go back to your seat.” He looked at Janet.
“What did I do?” she asked.  “And who put you in charge?”
Hunter and Brian looked at each other then quietly finished their burgers while keeping their eyes focused on the horizon.  Janet moved back into the cabin with Buster and fed him another hamburger patty.  The stress of the day had taken its toll and the mood had become somber as they all sat in silence.  

Back at the airfield, however, all was anything but quiet as the sheriff stormed into the service building and up to Mike’s counter. 
“Can I do something for you Sheriff?” Mike asked.
“Didn’t you get a fax from the FBI a little while ago!”
“I’ll check,” Mike said walking to his machine.  Thumbing through a few other faxes, he pulled one out and stood reading it.  “Wow.  Is this for real?”  He feigned innocence.  “Hunter Blake is wanted for questioning?  I don’t believe it.  He just took off.”
“So I was just told by some of your folks out there.” The sheriff swung his arm around with a dramatic gesture.  “Three people said they saw his plane.  This plane.  Right here.”  He pointed at a picture.
“Yeah.  He flew in, fueled up and left.”
“They also said you took something out to him in a big paper bag.”
“Food.”
“Why didn’t they just come in and get it?”
“He does this all the time.  Ask anyone.”
“Which way were they going?”
“Due east,” Mike pointed.  “Weren’t you watching?  He flew right over your car!  By the way, I was wondering what you were doing out there.  Do you realize how dangerous that was!”  Mike was fired up.  “You could have killed him, yourself, and your deputy pulling a stunt like that.  That car of yours is no match for his jet!”
“He should never have left here without my permission!” 
“Your permission?”  Mike laughed.  “Since when did anyone need your permission to take off?  People fly in and out of here all day without your permission!”
“You watch your tone with me!”
“Well unless you have something else to talk to me about, I have work to do.”  Mike turned away and sat down at his desk thumbing through a stack of papers.  He waited until he heard the door swish and close before he looked up.
“He’s gone,” Doris said.
Mike stood up.  “That was close.”
“Too close,” she agreed.
Mike stared the windows at the growing darkness.  “I’m ready to call it a day.  I’m closing up shop,” he said.  “This has been one heck of way to end a day and I’m really getting tired of that guy.  Ever since he was elected sheriff he seems to think he owns the entire county and everything in it.”
“I know,” Doris said.  “I’m about finished cleaning up then I’ll be heading home pretty soon too.  You have a good evening, Mike.”
“Likewise.”
He finished up and was locking a couple of file cabinets when the sheriff flung the door open and came bursting back in.
“I’m commandeering your office, Mike!”
“You’re what?”
“Taking control of your office.  Official business.”
“What official business?  You have an office.  Go commandeer it.  I’m going home.”  Mike grabbed his coat.  Stepping from behind the counter he tried to push past the sheriff.
“I have the authority to use this office in a criminal investigation,” the sheriff said poking Mike on the chest.
“Criminal investigation.  What criminal investigation?”
“The one involving your buddy that you conveniently let escape.”
“I told you I didn’t see the fax until after he left and you were standing right here when I found it.”
“Well he’s involved in a murder investigation.”
“Excuse me?  Hunter Blake?” Mike stared at the sheriff in disbelief.  “You’re out of your mind.  Mr. Blake didn’t commit any murder.”
“These movie people are all up to no good,” the Sheriff said with a snarl.  “Every one of them, if you ask me.  The movie business is just a cover up.  Damned liberals!”
“You can’t lump everyone together like that.  It’d be the same as saying all cops are crooked just because a few of them are.”  Mike gave him a cold stare.
“I’m not a crooked cop!” the sheriff said.
“My point exactly!  So don’t say every movie star is a murderer!” Mike shot back.
The sheriff stood toe to toe with Mike and lowered his voice.  “I just got a call from the FBI.  They’ll be here soon, so I expect you to cooperate.”  The sheriff stepped back.  “You can go home if you like, but don’t leave town.”
“Why would I leave town?  I live here.  I work here.”  
“All I know, is they’ll probably want to question you since you helped him escape.”
“For the last time, I didn’t help him escape!”  Mike looked out across the airfield in disgust.  “Do what you like.  I’m going home.  You know how to reach me.”  Mike pushed past the sheriff and shoved open the door.
“Well don’t be surprised if this place comes alive with TV people!” the sheriff shouted after him.  “We’ll be all over the news tonight!  You’ll see!”
Mike waved him off without turning around and climbed into his truck. As he pulled away a black helicopter swooped in and landed near the building.  Slowing down, he watched his mirrors.  Three people climbed out and walked toward his office.  “They’re all crazy,” he muttered as he drove away.

Miles to the east, Hunter piloted in silence, but monitored radio frequencies for any unusual chatter.  Brian remained quiet as well, while Janet stayed in back with Buster.  Soon Hunter banked north then west and set a new course.  They flew for nearly half an hour watching the sun slowly sink into the western sky ahead of them.   
Hunter finally broke the silence.  “I’m concerned that now everyone will know Wyoming was our last known position,” he remarked to Brian.
“I know,” Brian said, “but we were headed east when we took off.  You were smart to maintain that heading for several miles.  Maybe that will throw them off for a while.  Transponder’s still off, right?”
Hunter nodded. “Yes, but it shouldn’t be.”
“I know but for now let’s hope they concentrate their search east of that airfield, not west.”
“I suppose,” Hunter mumbled, although not completely convinced.  “What I’d like to know is how did the FBI get involved so quickly?”
“I don’t know,” Brian said.  “It doesn’t make any sense.”
“Yeah, and why the FBI?  They don’t usually get involved in something unless it’s a national security issue, bank robberies, white collar crimes, kidnapping... that sort of thing.  Why are they looking for us?  We were the victims!”
“You seem to know a lot about the FBI,” Brian remarked.
“Just from working with consultants on films, that’s all,” Hunter said.
“Yeah, well, it feels like someone has connections somewhere,” Brian said.
Hunter nodded. “Sounds like it.”  He remained focused ahead but continued to mull over the day’s events.  “We witnessed a handoff of some kind earlier in the afternoon, and it was obviously illegal.  Why else an armed helicopter?”
“True,” Brian agreed.  “White collar crime maybe?”
“Maybe, but in the meantime, we’ve been hunted and pursued ever since and now the FBI shows up in Wyoming.  Another coincidence?” he asked.  “Who’s behind all of this?  How does Gerry fit in?  And why involve Janet?”  He looked over his shoulder.  “Janet!”
“What?”
“Get up here.”
She moved forward and sat on the floor, without her blanket this time.  Buster lay with his chin on her leg again.  “What’s up?”
“Were you ever aware of anything at work that seemed even remotely off or suspicious?  Anything or anyone that didn’t seem to fit in?  Anything?
“I don’t know.  I suppose there may have been things going on, but nothing that raised a red flag, if that’s what you’re asking.  There were always people coming and going.  I’d schedule meetings and appointments and people came.  I figured they all had something to do with the film industry.”
“I still don’t understand why Gerry would have sent you along on this jaunt to Arizona, especially as dangerous as it was, unless you might have seen something or heard something that could have been incriminating in some way.”
“Yeah,” she said quietly. 
Hunter let go of the yoke long enough to rub his forehead with both hands.  “Okay.  You can go belt up again.”
She got up then said, “I’m sorry I’ve caused more trouble for you, Mr. Blake.  I really am.” She returned to her seat and belted up as tears began to stream down her face.  “I really am sorry,” she whispered to herself.
Brian glanced back.  “She hasn’t done anything wrong, has she?”
“Not that I’m aware of, but she’s in as much danger as we are.  Guilty by association,” Hunter replied, oblivious to Janet’s emotions.
“We need to think of a place we can go and not be found, if that’s even possible,” Brian said.
Hunter nodded.  “Yeah.  Someplace they’d never think of.”
“Any ideas?”
Hunter adjusted the range on his navigation screen so he could see a wider geographic area.  “We’d need a place to land this thing.  But it needs to be... secluded... out of the way...” He began to grin.  “It needs to be...”
“What?”
“Maybe I do know a place.”
“Is it safe?” 
“About as safe as anyplace I can think of right now,” Hunter said.  Plotting his course, he sat back.  “I just hope he’s still there.”
“He who?” Brian asked.
Before he could answer Hunter felt a tap on his shoulder.  “May I please sit with you guys?  I’m lonely back here by myself.  I’ll stay quiet.  I won’t bother you.”
“You’re not a bother, Janet,” Hunter said.  “I’m not mad at you.  You’re good company.  I’m not so sure I could have handled some of this without you.  So, sure.  Have a seat, but the same rule applies.  If I need you to belt up...”
“I know.  I’ll do whatever you ask.”
“Okay, oh and... stop calling me Mr. Blake.  It’s Hunter, okay?  Well anyway, I was telling Brian that I know a place we may be able to go and be safe, at least for a while.  Someone I know lives near Grays Harbor, Washington.  At least I think he’s still living there.  We’ll see.  He might be able to put us up for a while.”
“Who is this person?” Brian asked.
“He was a friend of my mother’s.”
“And he’s still alive?”
“I hope so.  He was a couple of years younger than my dad.  I figure he’s about eighty-three or so.”
“Your dad still alive?” 
“No.  He died when I was pretty young.  Coming home late one night.  Pouring down rain.  Hit head-on by a drunk driver.”
“I’m sorry,” Janet said then leaned back and covered her mouth.
“Janet.  Honey.  It’s okay.  You’re not in trouble.  Just be yourself.  Make your sarcastic remarks.  Keep me entertained.  Please.  I care about you and will do everything I can to make sure you’re safe.  So will Brian.”
“Thank you,” she said quietly.
“Yeah, well... like I said... I was young.  About five or six.  I don’t remember much about him.  Well, other than I have one memory of me sitting in his lap.  He was reading the Sunday comics to me.  My mom said he started doing that almost from the day I was born.”  Hunter stared straight ahead into the darkness.  “He traveled a lot with his work so I didn’t see him all that much.  That’s about all I remember.”
“It has to be hard not having a dad around,” Brian said.
“I had a step-dad.  He adopted me.”
“Oh,” Janet was surprised.  “I had no idea.”
“I don’t advertise it, but it’s not like it’s a big secret either.”
“So Blake is your adopted name,” Brian said.
“No.  I changed it back after I came home from Vietnam.”
“Oh, okay.”
“I wanted to keep the family name going.  Besides, all my life I heard stories about my biological dad and what a great guy he was.  Good husband.  Good dad...” he paused to clear his throat.  “A good man,” he said quietly.
“I’m sure he was a very good man,” Janet said. “You’re evidence of that.”
“How’s that?  I never knew him.”
“But he’s a part of you, Hunter... and you are a part of him.  You are a good man.  I admire you.  I respect you and I really believe you are a good man inside and out just like your dad must have been.”
“Don’t you have anything better to do, like take another nap?”
“Nope.  Besides, you just said I could sit here and keep you company,” she said, “whether you like it or not.  Am I entertaining you now?”
“Yes.  You remind me of someone I knew years ago who was a little feisty.”  He laughed.
“Feisty?  Me?”
“Yeah,” he replied then changed the subject.  “I just hope Joe’s still around.”
“So where exactly are we going?” she asked.
“Like I told you, to see an old friend of my mom’s.  His name is Josiah.”
“Josiah,” Brian remarked.  Sounds very Biblical.”
“Yes it does.  We called him Uncle Joe growing up.  He did a lot for my mom after my dad died.  He and his wife, Ella.”
 “So how much further?” Janet asked.
“Another couple of hours, I think.  He has a private airstrip.  In fact, he’s one of the reasons I wanted to learn to fly.  He’d take us up and let us take the controls.  It was a lot of fun.  Anyway, we’ll use his airstrip.  No one will know we’re there.”
“Except him, assuming he still lives there,” Brian said.
“Right,” Hunter responded uneasily. “Assuming he still lives there.”
“And how are you going to find it in the dark?” Janet asked.
“You’re full of questions aren’t you?” he said.  “I’m glad you’re back to being your old self again.”  He laughed.  “Don’t worry.  We’ll find it.”
It was nearly ten thirty when Hunter began his descent.  His gaze was steady as they continued.  All they could see were occasional pinpoints of light dotting the landscape below them here and there.  Hunter dipped to about fifteen hundred feet and began to fly in a wide circle over one area in particular while checking his navigation display.
“Have we arrived?” Brian asked looking out at the darkness.
“We have.”  Hunter turned to Janet.  “You need to get back in your seat, sweetheart.”
Janet got belted in then sat back and waited anxiously.  “I sure hope he knows what he’s doing,” she whispered to Buster.
Using the microphone button on the yoke, Hunter pressed it several times and watched.  Almost immediately white lights lit up the edges of an airstrip below.  Hunter let out a chuckle. “Son-of-a-gun, they still work.”
Janet peered out her window as Hunter came around again to make his final approach.  “Whoa!  Where did those come from?” she called out.  “Is he expecting you?”
Hunter said nothing as he lined up.  The bright lights were a welcome sight as he managed to touch down safely and bring his aircraft to a stop.  Taking a moment to collect his nerves, he let out a deep sigh then slowly turned the plane around and headed to a small parking apron near the airstrip threshold.  Close by sat another single engine high wing plane, securely tied down.
“Is that his plane?” Brian asked.
“If he still lives here, then my answer would be yes.”  Hunter sat for moment before climbing out of the cockpit.  “You both stay here.  I’ll go see if anyone’s home.
Hunter stood staring at a small home nestled in some trees then cautiously started up a dark path.  A yellow porch light was on and one other window was dimly lit.  “I hope this was a good idea,” he muttered uneasily as a slight breeze rustled some leaves.
Approaching the house he suddenly heard a distinctive click and instantly froze, slowly raising his hands.
“Who are you and what do you want?” a male voice demanded.
“Uncle Joe?  It’s me, Jimmy.”
The breeze rustled a few more leaves before the gunman asked, “Jimmy?  Jimmy Blake?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Well, I’ll be.”
Hunter turned around slowly, his hands still in the air.  “Hi,” was all he said.
“Well, I’ll be.  Put your hands down, son.  Come here.” Joe lowered his shotgun.
The two men embraced and then stood apart and looked each other over.
“Well, I’ll be,” Joe repeated again. “It really is you.  I can’t believe you’re standing right here.”
“Yeah, well... I am.” Hunter chuckled nervously.
Joe eyed him.  “Why are you here?”
“I... uh... well...”
“You’re in some kind of trouble, aren’t ya?  It’s all over the news.”
“Uncle Joe, I don’t know what’s going on.  I haven’t had a chance to see the news.  What are they saying?”
“That you’re wanted for questioning or sumthin’.”
“Aw, geez,” Hunter said rubbing his forehead.  “I haven’t done anything wrong, Uncle Joe.  I swear.”
“I know.  At least the Jimmy I used to know wouldn’t have done anything wrong.  Not like what they’re talking about.  Come on inside.  We can visit and you can fill me in.”
“I’m not alone.”
“That young lady still with you?  And that feller?”
“What fellow?” Hunter was curious.
“Like I said, son, it’s all over the news.  You, some other feller, a young lady and a dog.”
“But how...” Hunter frowned.  “Yes, they’re all with me. Including my dog.”
“So he’s yer dog!  Well, good.  You know how much I like dogs.”
“You still have one?” Hunter asked.
“Naw,” Joe replied.  “Naw, when Old Tip passed on I couldn’t bring myself to git another one.  Hurts too much when they go.  Hard to say goodbye.  I buried him out back behind the garden.”
“Yeah,” Hunter said.  “I remember when Shorty died.  I hid in my closet and cried.  Didn’t want Drew or my step-dad to see me.”
“I remember when that happened.  Drew called me to tell me the sad news.  He cried on the phone and made me promise not to tell anyone.”  He chuckled.  “Guess I just broke my promise.”
Hunter grinned.
“You see Drew much?” Joe asked.
“No.  We live different lives, Uncle Joe.”
“Maybe so, but he’s still your brother, even if just a half-brother.  He’s still blood.  You share the same mama.  She loved you both so much.  She always felt she failed you both, but especially Drew.  He always seemed to get the short end of the stick, at least she thought so.”
“I suppose.”
“So, go git your friends and your dog.  What’s his name, by the way?  Yer dog.”
“Buster.  You’re gonna love him.  He’s a great dog.”  Hunter grinned in relief as he headed back to the plane.  Soon all were gathered in the living room to chat with Joe.
“We can visit for a few minutes then I’ll show you to your room,” Joe, said to Hunter uncomfortably.  “Brian can have the couch.”
“Janet can have the room,” Hunter said. “I’ll sleep out here on the floor with Buster.  Brian can still have the couch, if that’s okay.”
Joe looked back and forth between Hunter and Janet.  “I don’t want to separate you two, you know, I mean...”
Hunter laughed.  “It’s okay, Uncle Joe, she not my girlfriend, she just works for me.  We don’t live together or anything like that.”
“Okay,” Joe said.  “Good!”
A door opened with a soft click and an older woman, dressed in a nightgown and robe, stepped into the living room.  “Joe?” she asked.
“Honey, come on over here.  I want you to meet some folks.”
She stepped up next to Joe and smiled.
“Honey, this here is Jimmy Blake, and his assistant, Janet, and Brian... I’m not sure what he does, and this is Jimmy’s dog, Buster.  Jimmy, this is Vera, and we do live together.”
Hunter’s eyebrows shot up.  “I see,” he said glancing at Janet and Brian.
Joe laughed heartily.  “Vera and me have been married for about eight years now.  She’s been real good for me.  Real good.”
“Married,” Hunter said.  “That’s great, Uncle Joe.”
“I would’a told you sooner but I didn’t know how to get in touch.  I mean I’d see you in your movies and such, but I didn’t have no phone number or nothing.”
“I’m sorry I haven’t been good about staying in touch, Uncle Joe.”
“Yes, well, me and Vera have been good for each other.  Besides, you didn’t think I’d be living in sin, now do you?”  Joe laughed.  “If I’da done that your Aunt Ella would have come back to haunt me the rest of my mortal life... and probably beyond!”
Hunter couldn’t help but laugh.  “Knowing Aunt Ella, I’d have to agree.”
“Are you folks hungry?” Vera asked.  “I could fix you something.”
Janet shook her head.  “No thank you, I’m fine.”
“We ate not too long ago,” Hunter said.  “Mostly we’re tired.”
“Alright then,” Vera said with a smile.  “Janet, you come with me.  I’ll show you to your room.  Joe, dear, come get some bedding for Hunter and Brian.”
After a brief discussion on who would sleep on the floor and who would get the couch, Hunter gave in to Brian’s insistence and accepted the couch, with Buster lying on the floor next to him.
“We’ll be safe here, pal,” he said rubbing Buster’s back.  “We can trust Joe.”


Chapter Nine
Buster nudged Hunter’s hand with his nose and whimpered.  Groggily, Hunter got up to let him out, carefully stepping over Brian. Opening the front door, he was startled to see a thick layer of fog shrouding the home.  He could only see a few feet out and shivered both from the cold and the eeriness of it.
“Don’t go too far,” Hunter cautioned quietly as Buster uneasily stepped out into the yard, sniffing the damp air.  Nothing moved.  The stillness was heavy and lifeless.
“Well, I see the fog rolled in again,” Uncle Joe said, giving Hunter a start.  “Sorry, son.  Didn’t mean to sneak up on you.”  He gazed out at the thick gray mass.  “Haven’t had much of it the last couple of days.”
“I forgot about the fog,” Hunter said. “It’s damn creepy and cold.  Colder than the snow I get in Idaho.”
“It’s the kind of cold that penetrates to the bone,” Uncle Joe said.  “Your snow is likely drier.  Not as heavy with moisture.”
“That’s probably true,” Hunter agreed.
“Yes, well as close as we are to the coast, we see a lot of fog at certain times of the year.  We don’t mind so much, though.  Don’t have many places to go so we stay in, keep the fire going, eat good, hot meals, listen to old records or the radio.  It suits us.”
“So... you and Vera.”
“Yup.  Didn’t expect to fall in love again, but she won my heart.”
“Husband-hunter?”
“Oh, no.  Not at all.  She wasn’t expecting to get married again either.  I practically had to beg her to say yes.  I didn’t realize how lonely I’d gotten until I met her.”
“How did you meet?” Hunter asked.
“It was at a community spaghetti feed last year just before Christmas.”
“Spaghetti feed?  At Christmas?”
“It’s more economical to fix a lot of spaghetti.  Anyway, the local folks was raising money to help those in need for the holidays.  Vera was there helping with the food and I was there to eat and fork over a few bucks.  We seemed to hit it off right away.  Funny how things happen like that, even as old as we are.”
Hunter nodded then asked, “You still fly?”
“Not too much.  I’m thinking about selling my plane.  I’m getting too old and Vera worries when I go up.  She won’t fly with me much.  Hates planes.”
“Well, let me know when you decide what you want to do.  Either I’ll buy it or find someone else who will.”
“Thanks, Jimmy.  That’s mighty nice of you.  I’ll give it some more thought.”  He chuckled.  “I have to say I was surely surprised to see them runway lights go on last night.  I was up getting a drink of water and saw them snap on and then you swoop in.  Nice piece of equipment.”
“Thanks.  I kinda like it.”
Buster was back and excited to see Uncle Joe.  “Well, there you are young feller.  You’re a good boy, aren’t ya?”
“He likes you,” Hunter said.  “I knew he would.”
“I like him too.  So how about we all go back inside and warm up, then you and I can sit and visit.”
Brian was up and stacking his folded bedding on a chair in the corner of the room.  “Good morning,” he said to Joe and Hunter when they walked in.
“How’d you sleep?” Joe asked.
“Not too bad.  I’ve slept in far worse conditions, so this was pretty nice.”
“That’s good.”
Brian looked at Hunter.  “Any plans for today?”
“Not yet.  The fog came in.  It’s thick so we’re grounded until it lifts.  Might as well stay warm while we wait.”
Brian nodded.  “The fog may turn out to be a good thing.  No one will be able to spot us from the air.”
“Good point,” Hunter said.
Vera was in the kitchen busy fixing breakfast.  “Food will be ready soon,” she called out.
“Thanks, honey,” Joe replied.  “Have a seat, boys, and I’ll stoke up the fire a bit.”
“Let me do that,” Brian said.
“Naw.  Just sit.  Won’t take but a minute.”
Buster curled up nearby to enjoy the warmth while Joe added a couple of logs before settling into his favorite chair.  “So, tell me what’s going on.”
“It’s been crazy,” Hunter said.  I don’t know why or how, really, but we’ve all somehow gotten mixed up in something bad and we’re not sure what to do or where to go.  I wouldn’t have bothered you, but we needed somewhere to hang out for a while so we could think and try to figure things out.  I suddenly thought of this place so I took a chance.  Even though I haven’t been good about staying in touch, you’re the closet thing I have to a...a dad.  I needed someone to talk to.  Someone I can trust.  But I don’t want us to be in the way.  When the fog lifts, we can leave.”
“Nonsense.  You can stay as long as you need to.”
“You might change your mind about that,” Hunter said.
“You let me worry about that.  Just tell me what you can.  Maybe I can help a little.  Maybe not.  If nothing else, I’ll listen.”
Brian stood up.  “I think I’ll step outside and walk around for a while so you both can talk,” he said.
“You don’t have to do that,” Hunter replied.  “You’re as much a part of this mess as I am.  Besides, you can’t see anything out there.  It’s socked in and it’s cold.”
“That’s okay.  I need to move around.  “I’ll be back in a while for breakfast.”
“Hold up a second,” Joe said and disappeared down the hall.  He came back with a jacket.  “You’ll need this,” he said.
Brian gratefully accepted the jacket and stepped outside.  Joe settled back into his chair then spent the next half hour listening to Hunter recount everything that had happened over the past couple of days.
“Wow, you have gotten yourself into a mess,” Joe said.
“Yeah, so now what?”
“I guess we’ll both have to think on it.”
“Breakfast is ready,” Vera announced.
“Okay.  I’ll let Brian know,” Hunter said.
“You want me to wake Janet?” she asked.
“No.  Let’s let her sleep for now.  This has all been pretty traumatic for her too.”
“She seems like a sweet young woman,” Vera said. 
“Yes, she is very nice.  But I’ll bet she’s wishing she hadn’t gone with me to Arizona.  She’d still be in L.A. sleeping in her own bed, and hanging out with her friends.  Instead, she’s stuck with me.”
“Oh, I don’t think she feels all that stuck,” Joe smiled.  “I think she may be a little sweet on you.”
Hunter grinned awkwardly but didn’t say anything.  Instead, he stepped outside and called to Brian to come in.
They sat down at the kitchen table and dug in.  Brian ate voraciously. “It’s very nice of you to let the three of us stay here,” he said.
“Jimmy’s family, young man, and his friends are welcome too.
“Thanks,” Brian said then shoved down another bite.
The four of them enjoyed the hot and satisfying meal and were just finishing up when Janet appeared at the kitchen door.
“Good morning everyone,” she said with a yawn.  “Sorry I slept in.  Someone should have gotten me up.”
“Nonsense,” Vera said.  “You needed to sleep.  Come sit down.  I’ve kept your breakfast warm.”
“I’m really not very hungry,” Janet said then quickly apologized.  “I’m sorry.  What I meant was... I usually don’t eat breakfast.”  Vera set a plate down in front of her anyway.  “You don’t have to eat but maybe something will taste good.”
Janet took a small bite of scrambled eggs and pancakes then smiled.  “This is good.  Thank you.  I guess I’m hungrier than I thought.”
“There’s more, if you want it,” Vera said.  “Hunter?  Brian?  Joe?  Anyone want seconds?”  All shook their heads.
“I’m full up, honey,” Joe said.
“It sure seems dark outside,” Janet remarked.  “What time is it?”
“About eight o’clock.  The fog came in,” Hunter explained.  “It’s pretty thick and gloomy out there right now.”
Janet stopped mid-bite and looked at Hunter.  “Fog?” she asked, then shrugged and got back to work on her meal.
Hunter and Joe excused themselves and headed back to the living room to resume their conversation.  Brian decided to go outside again.  Buster stood at the door.
“You mind if Buster comes with me?” Brian asked.
“No.  That’s fine.  It’ll be good for him to run around after being cooped up for so long.  Thanks.”
Hunter and Joe resumed their conversation.  “Like I was saying, Uncle Joe, I needed someone to talk to.  Someone I can trust.  You’re really the only family I have left...well, and Drew, of course.”
“We are family, Jimmy.  You, me, Drew... all of us.  When your father passed away, it was all your mama could do to keep herself pulled together and take care of you.  Ella and me didn’t think twice about stepping in to help.  But you already know that.  We were so hopeful that her marriage to Victor was going to be a good thing.”
Hunter stared across the room.  “Yeah, well, that didn’t exactly work out.”
“Don’t we know it, though,” Joe said with a slight nod.  “There was more than one time I wanted to shoot that drunken fool... and the way he treated your mama, cheatin’ on her and all.”
“Mom and I talked about it years later.  I’m glad we did.  We both needed to get some things out in the open... clear the air I guess, especially about Drew.  I mean, as we grew up he and I seemed to get along fine, but mom doted on him a lot, I think.  He never seemed to get it together.  Hell, he even managed to avoid going to Vietnam.  It always seemed like Drew was able to skate by.  Like someone was always running interference for him... protecting him from everything.”
“And you resented it.”
Hunter looked at Joe.  “I guess.  And then as we got older, and especially after my career took off... he and I just drifted apart.  I’d only hear from him if he needed money but not until after mom died.”
“I know,” Joe said.  “She did whatever she could to help him out up until then.  Drew, though, had his own struggles.  Remember how sick he’d get when he was little?”
“Yeah.  He had asthma pretty bad.  It kept him out of school a lot, his first couple of years, as I recall.  He finally outgrew it, but...”
“Well, that’s all in the past,” Joe said.  “Can’t change a lick of it.”
“I know,” Hunter said and sighed.  “I miss mom.  I really do.”
“So do I,” Joe said.  “She never divorced that bum, did she?”
Hunter shook his head.  “No.  After he took off, no one heard from him again.  She figured it wasn’t worth the hassle trying to find him to serve divorce papers.  But as far as she was concerned they were divorced.”
“I wonder whatever happened to Victor?”
“Don’t know.  Don’t care.” Hunter said.  “Although every once in a while I wonder if he’ll show up out of the blue demanding money or something.”
“I reckon he’s dead by now,” Joe said.  “If not, he’s still a drunk, just an older one.”
Hunter frowned.  “What I don’t get is why he adopted me.”
“Yeah.  We couldn’t figure that out either, other than at first he seemed real genuine and concerned for your mama and you.  I always thought he had some other motive, though, but for the life of me, I can’t imagine what it would’a been.”
“I never understood what mom saw in him.  I hated the guy for the way I saw him treat her.  He’d say terrible things to her and make her cry.  I tried to defend her one time but he pulled a gun and threatened to use it.”
“I didn’t know that!” Joe said in complete surprise.
“Yeah.  I know,” Hunter said.  “I never said anything because Mom didn’t want anyone to know.”  Hunter grew quiet.  “I guess that’s something else I needed to get off my chest.”
Joe stared at the fire.  “I’m not surprised you took back to your birth name of Blake.”
“I made it legal.  I wanted to undo the adoption, but you can’t do that, I found out.  So, what I did instead was have mom adopt me back on her own.  I got a new birth certificate and got back my original last name.  The birth certificate lists my real dad as my father.  It didn’t cost much, although I would have paid just about anything to make it happen.  I didn’t want to be identified with Victor in any way whatsoever anymore.”
 “I don’t blame you.  It seemed like after Drew came along everything changed.  Maybe that’s why you’ve resented him, ‘cos he was Victor’s son.” Joe kept staring at the fire.
“Maybe.”  Hunter shifted slightly.  “I don’t want to talk about him anymore.  It just makes me angry.”  He looked at Joe.  “But I’ll always be grateful that you and Aunt Ella were around.”
“So were we.”  Joe sat for a moment then said, “I’m still here for you, Jimmy.  Don’t think otherwise.  Years may have passed, and even though Ella and me were only friends to your folks, as far as I’m concerned, I’m still your Uncle Joe.  We’re still family.  Always will be.”
“Thanks, but you have Vera now.  She might have other ideas and I wouldn’t blame her.  I don’t want to become a nuisance.”
“You’re not a nuisance, Jimmy,” Vera said standing nearby.  
Hunter sat up, startled, then relaxed.
“Didn’t mean to eavesdrop,” she said. “May I call you Jimmy or would you prefer Hunter?”
“Jimmy’s fine.  I’d like that.  Hey, I want you to know that...”
“Not another word.  Joe’s told me a little about you and your family.  Seems to me, you still need a family.  So, we’re your family.”
Hunter had to look away.  He cleared his throat and hurried to wipe his eyes.  “Thanks,” he managed to say.
Vera heard some clunking in the kitchen.  “Now what’s that girl up to?”  She hurried out of the living room.  Both men could hear her fussing after Janet.  “You don’t need to do the dishes, dear.  I can take care of them.”
“If we’re going to stay here for a while, even if it’s a short while, I insist on helping,” they heard Janet reply.
“That young lady has some spunk, don’t she?”  Joe chuckled.
“Yes, she does.” Hunter had to grin.
“So, if she’s not your girlfriend, you got a woman, Jimmy?”
Hunter smiled again.  “No.  I’m steering clear of any other relationships.  I don’t think I’m cut out for anything serious.  I don’t know.  We’ll see.”
“What you need is to stay away from them movie stars and find yourself a real woman.  Someone dependable and level-headed, that’s what I say.”
“You’re probably right.  I’ll keep my eyes open.”
“Good.  Don’t give up until it’s over.”
“It?”
“Life!” he exclaimed with a big smile.  “And I can tell you, being with someone good and down-to-earth is the best thing you could do for yourself.”
“Like I said, I’ll keep that in mind, Uncle Joe, but I’m not so sure the down-to-earth type of woman would fit into my life.”
  “What are you talking about?  Of course she would, you jest haven’t found the right one yet.”
Hunter laughed aloud.  “Okay, okay.  I’ll keep looking.”
They both sat quietly watching the fire and listening to Vera and Janet chatter in the kitchen.  Hunter broke the stillness.  “You know I did meet a nice woman just recently.  She’s from Missouri, I think.” 
“Well, now you’re talkin’!” Joe said.  “‘Bout time you got some smarts.  You have no idea how much I worry about you and how you’re gettin’ along.  I sure hope I get to meet her someday.”
“Well, don’t get ahead of yourself, all I said was I met a nice woman.  But that’s it.  She’s shy and quiet and I’m helping to pay for some repairs and upgrades on her house.”
“Why’s that?” Joe asked.
“They need to be done and she can’t afford it, that’s why.  I do have an occasional moment of good will,” he said.  “Just occasionally.”
“I’ll bet you do all kinds of good deeds all the time, but they don’t cost money so you don’t give ‘em much thought.”
“I suppose.”  Hunter said.
“So what’s her name?”
“Whose name?”
“This woman you met.”
“Samantha.  Why?”
“Just wondered.”
Hunter was amused.  “I never would have figured you to be a romantic, Uncle Joe, but I think you are.”
Joe shifted in his chair. “I worry about you and Drew.  Neither one of you settling down and raising a family.  You should think about it before it’s too late.”
“A family?  I’m too old to be raising a family.  I’m almost sixty for crying out loud!”
Vera hurried out of the kitchen.  “Everything okay out here?” she asked wiping her hands with a towel.
“We’re fine, dear,” Joe reassured her.  “It’s just Jimmy getting worked up about a woman he’s met, that’s all.”
“I’m getting worked up!” Hunter said.  “I think you’re the one getting all fired up.  I didn’t say I was dating the woman, only that I met her.”
“Well, that’s the first step.  You won’t get anywhere with any woman if you don’t meet her first!”
“It was just dinner.”
“Oh, ho!  So you have dated her!”
“It wasn’t a date, just dinner with friends,” Hunter insisted.  “That’s all, and I didn’t even know she was going to be there.”
Joe nodded with a grin.  “Sounds like I’m not the only one worried about your future,” he said.
“That’s not why I was invited.  Plus, she’s not my type,” Hunter said.  “She's very nice, but that’s it.  Not my type.”
“What is your type then?”
“I don’t know,” Hunter said with a shrug.
“Then how can you be so sure she isn’t?”
Hunter stared in exasperation.  “I don’t want to talk about this anymore, either... please?”
“Okay, suit yourself.”  Joe said and continued to stare at the fire.  “Just want you to be happy, son, that’s all.”
“I am happy.”
“You don’t sound all that happy.”
Hunter stood up.  “I’m going outside for some air and check on Buster.”
Joe twitched slightly when the door closed firmly.
Vera quietly came over and sat down. “Joe, dear?  Don’t press him.  He’s got enough on his mind right now.”
“I know.  I’ll apologize when he comes back in.  I just worry about him being alone.”
“He has Buster right now and that’s probably enough for the time being.  He came here looking for some refuge.  Don’t force him to leave.”
Joe studied his wife’s face.  “Every day I learn one more reason why I needed to marry you.  Thank you, sweetheart.”  He reached for her hand and gave it a squeeze then stood up and headed outside.
Janet was standing in the doorway of the kitchen quietly watching and listening until Joe left.  “I’m so glad Hunter brought me here,” she said.  “I really like you both very much.  This has been good for me too.”
“Come sit here with me, Janet,” Vera said patting the sofa seat.  “Let’s take a break and visit.  I’d like to know more about you.”
Outside, Joe caught up with Hunter standing on the edge of the runway watching Buster run around in the lifting fog.  “Son?  I want to apologize for being such a stubborn old man.  Forget everything I just said to you.  Just be yourself and live the way you think is best for you.  It’s none of my business.”
Hunter didn’t turn around. “You don’t need to apologize, Joe.  I know you mean well.  I’ve just got a lot on my mind right now.”
“I know that and if you need to talk, I’ll listen and that’s all I’ll do,” Joe said.  “There’s a bench right over here if you care to sit with me.”
“Sure.”  Hunter sat down and took in a deep breath, letting it out slow.  “The news reports have everything all wrong, but that’s typical.”  He paused.  “I’ve been followed, robbed, shot at, chased, threatened, hunted down, and now I’m wanted for questioning... and I have no idea why.  Not a clue.” He looked at Joe.  “I don’t feel safe anywhere.  And as for Samantha, I’m sure she’s a wonderful woman, and maybe if circumstances were different I might have wanted to get to know her better, but she’s just relocated to Idaho from Missouri after a nasty divorce, so... I’m not sure either one of us would really be all that good for the other.  We’re both struggling with marital fallout and personal pain and anger... at least I still am.”
“I suppose that’s probably true,” Joe admitted, “and I’m sorry I rattled your cage.  Like I said, it’s really none of my business.”
“I appreciate your concerns and I would love to find someone who could help me feel... normal.”
“Normal,” Joe chuckled.  “Now there’s a word that means a whole lot of nothing and a whole lot of something all at the same time.”
Hunter laughed aloud.  “You certainly have a way of seeing things, Uncle Joe.  And you’re right.  What is normal anyway?”
“You’ll know when you find it.  And when you do, it’ll be your kind of normal and that’s all that matters.”
Joe and Hunter continued to sit and watch Buster explore while the fog continued to dissipate.  Finally Hunter stood up.  “As soon as the fog lifts sufficiently, how about we go up for a while.  Like old times.  We’ll take the jet.  I’ll even let you take the yoke for a while.”
“Boy, howdy, I’d like that!” Joe said, his eyes twinkling.  “Yes indeedy!”


Chapter Ten
 “Anyone heard from Hunter?” Frank was asking someone on the phone.  “I’m worried.  No one’s been able to pick up his transponder signal.”  Frank listened for a moment.  “Okay.  Let me know if you hear anything.”  He hung up.
“Frank?” Karen asked stepping into the room.  “Who are you talking to?  Is it about Hunter?  I’m so worried about him.  I don’t like what I’m hearing on the news.”
“I know,” he said. “Everyone’s concerned.”  He looked at his wife. “Who else might know where he is?”
Karen thought a moment.  “Maybe Jim Wesley.  He and Hunter have gotten to know each other working on the Rathdrum projects together.  You might give him a call.”
Frank nodded.  “That’s a good idea.  I’ll do that and see if he knows anything.”  He made the call and had a brief conversation with Jim, then hung up.
“The last time he and his wife saw Hunter was at dinner the other night.  They’re worried too.  He said he sent Hunter a text message but hasn’t heard back.”
Karen frowned.  “And no one else has seen or heard from him?”
“No one I’ve talked to,” Frank said.
She looked at her husband.  “From the news reports it sounds like he’s mixed up in something illegal, but I cannot, for the life of me, believe any of it is true.  Not the Hunter I know!”
“I agree, honey.  The only other thing Jim could tell me was that Hunter was paying for some repairs to the home of one of his congregation.  She’s staying at the Resort until the repairs are finished.  Hunter is paying for everything.”
“Now, you see?  That’s the Hunter I know and love.  A man who is compassionate and generous,” she said.  “Do you think this woman might have heard from him?”
“Not likely.  They only met the one time, I think and she doesn’t know who’s paying for everything.  Hunter insisted Jim keep it a secret.”
“That is so sweet.”  Karen smiled.  “How many women can say they’ve had dinner with Hunter Blake?”
Frank grinned at her.  “And how many women can say they’ve had Hunter Blake as a house guest from time to time and he loves her apple pie?”
“Speaking of food,” she said, “can we go out for an early dinner tonight?  I really don’t feel like cooking anything.”
“Just name the place,” Frank said.
“Well, since you mentioned the Resort, you know how much I enjoy eating there.”
“Okay.  Dockside or Beverly’s?”
“Dockside would be fine especially if we can get a table at a window.  I like watching the boats come and go.”
“I’ll make the call,” he said.

Dinner was enjoyable and afterward they decided to stroll along the floating boardwalk and enjoy the evening air.  “It’s so lovely here, isn’t it?” Karen said taking her husband’s hand.
“Yes it is,” he said.  “We do live in a beautiful area.”
Karen smiled.  “I love this time of evening.  It’s so peaceful listening to the sound of the water lapping against the boardwalk.”
Frank put his arm around her.  “All that and spending time with someone you love.”  He gave her a squeeze then stopped as his phone rang.  He pulled it from its belt clip.  “I better get this,” he said, and stepped away.
Karen continued to watch the water and a couple of boats still out on the lake at anchor.  She let out a sigh and found a place to sit down to wait for her husband.  Another conversation nearby got her attention for a moment as she noticed two women standing at the rail looking out across the lake.  Karen glanced back at Frank who was still engaged in his conversation, then resumed watching the lake.
The two women moved a little closer, still chatting quietly.   Karen found herself unintentionally listening to their conversation which rambled from one thing to another until one woman asked, “So when will your house be finished?”
“I’m not sure,” the other said.  “There was so much water damage from that broken pipe.  But Jim found some organization that helps finance catastrophic repairs like this so it’s coming along.”
Karen was now intrigued, especially hearing the name Jim, and found herself staring at them.
One glanced around and smiled.  “Hello,” she said.  “I hope we’re not bothering you.  We can move.”
Karen was caught off guard but quickly responded.  “No, no.  You’re fine.  I’m sorry.  I’m waiting for my husband to get off the phone.  I guess I’ve been eavesdropping.  My apologies.”
“That’s okay,” the woman said.  “I’m Betty and this is my friend Samantha.”
“I’m Karen.”
“Are you staying at the Resort too?” Betty asked.
“No.  We live north of here.  This is just a favorite place of ours to spend a night out together.  We like the food and the atmosphere… and the view.”  She smiled.
“It is pretty,” Betty said in admiration.
“So where are both of you from?” Karen asked.
“I’m visiting from Missouri,” Betty said, “but my friend Sam lives here.”
Samantha smiled.  “I live near Twin Lakes.”
“Really,” Karen replied.  “So do we.”
“Maybe you’re neighbors,” Betty said.  “Sam’s house is getting fixed up so that’s why she’s staying here for now, but when it’s all finished, she’ll be back out there again too.  Maybe you both could exchange contact information… you know, so you can get acquainted.”
Samantha was surprised at her friend’s boldness.  “Betty, maybe Karen doesn’t want to share her contact information with a stranger.”
Karen glanced back at her husband but his back was turned toward her.  “No, actually, I think that’s a great idea.  It would be nice to get to know each other.”
Samantha smiled.  “Well, okay.  Sure.”  They exchanged phone numbers and addresses then continued to visit.  
“So Samantha,” Karen began, “have you lived in the area for long?”
“No.  I’m also from Missouri and been here for just a few months.”
“I see.  Have you met anyone else?”
“Yes, from church, mostly.  In fact, I was staying with my bishop and his wife, for a while before coming here.”
“Your bishop?”
“Yes, we’re Latter-day Saints.  You know, Mormons,” Samantha explained.  “Jim Wesley is my bishop.”
“Oh.  I’m also Mormon,” Karen said, “just not very active right now.”
“So you know the Wesleys.”
“Yes.  Very well.  Good people.”
Frank’s call ended and he rejoined his wife.  “Hello,” he said to the women.
“Frank, this is Samantha and her friend Betty.  They’re friends of the Wesleys.”
“Really,” he said with obvious interest.  Karen quickly filled him in on the conversation she’d just had with them and they all chatted for a while longer.
Samantha yawned suddenly.  “I'm sorry,” she apologized.  “I'm just tired.  It's been a long day.  We've been all over the area sightseeing, but I think we should to get back to our room.  It was very nice meeting you both.”
Karen and Frank watched as Samantha and Betty walked along the boardwalk on their way back to the Resort.  “So, what do you think?” Karen asked.
“I think we just found out who Hunter is helping, that is if she’s the one dealing with house repairs.”
“She is.  I forgot that part, but yes.  That’s why she’s staying here.”
“It fits,” Frank agreed.  “It fits.”  He put his arm around his wife.  “Thanks, honey.”

Heading for the elevators Betty seemed especially happy.  “Really nice people, don’t you think?  And friendly.  I like friendly people.”
“Yes, very nice,” Samantha agreed.  
An elevator car arrived and they got on along with another couple who just walked up.  A man hurriedly pushed his way in and stood behind everyone.  Betty pressed their floor number and the man in back selected the floor above.  Betty looked at the couple. “What floor?”
“Same as yours apparently,” the man answered.
“Okay.”  Betty smiled at them.  “I guess we’re neighbors.”
The couple simply grinned.
Stopping at their floor, Betty stepped out followed by the couple who immediately struck up a conversation with her as they walked down the hallway.
“Isn’t this a fabulous place to stay?” the woman asked.  “We’re having such a good time.  Have you visited the spa yet?  It’s so elegant.”
“Sam and I have talked about it,” Betty replied, “but we haven’t gone yet.”
The man began patting himself down.  “Oh, dear.”
“What, sweetheart?” his companion asked.
“I think I left my wallet at the bar.  We need to go back.”  Taking the woman by the hand, they hurried to the elevators.
“Nice chatting with you,” Betty called out.  “More nice people, huh Sam?  I sure hope he finds his wallet.”  She looked around.  “Sam?  Did you go inside already?”  Betty tried the door.  “You could have left the door open for me,” she called out.  Irritated, she used her own key card and stepped inside.  The room was dark.  “Sam?  Are you in here?” She reached for the light switch.  “Sam?  Where are you?” Betty dashed to the bathroom then out again.  “Sam!”
Running out into the hall, Betty stood frozen in place.  There was no one in sight.  Pulling the door closed, she hurried to the elevator and waited impatiently for a car to arrive.  Once in the lobby she headed straight to Dockside to see if Samantha had returned there for some reason.  With the excuse of losing an earring, she went back to their table.  Although another party had been seated she pretended to look around then left.  In a panic, she hurried to the registration desk, now nearly in tears.
“May I help you?” the clerk asked with concern.
“My friend is missing,” Betty whispered.  “She’s gone.  I can’t find her anywhere and I don’t know what to do.”
“Maybe she’s in the restroom,” the clerk suggested.
“No.  We were in the elevator together but when I got to our room, she wasn’t with me.”  Betty wiped her face.  “Please. I’m scared and I need help.”
“I’ll call security.  Wait right here.”
Minutes later, she was in a private office explaining everything to Officer Callahan, including chatting with the other couple on the elevator and in the hallway outside her room.
“Sam just disappeared.  If she was going to have gone someplace else, she would have told me.  She wouldn’t have snuck off somewhere and scared me like this.  She wouldn’t do that!  Besides, she was tired and ready to go to bed.”
“Okay.  Let me check around and see if we can locate her.  I’ll be back.  Please try to stay calm.”  Ten minutes later, Officer Callahan was back with one of the hotel managers.
“I’m Randall Cummings,” the manager introduced himself.
“Nice to meet you.  I’m Betty Johnson,” she shook his hand.
“We’re still checking around for your friend.”
“Shouldn’t you call the police?” she asked.  “It isn’t like Sam to disappear like this.  She knows I’d be worried.”
“Let us complete our own in-house investigation first.  Then we’ll decide what to do next... unless, of course, she turns up.”
“But...”
“It’s standard procedure.  It isn’t unusual for someone to simply show up when everyone else thought they were hiding or lost.”
“Yes, but...”
“Let us do our job.  You can go back to your room to wait, if you like.”

Back in her room, Betty was more agitated than ever pacing back and forth in her room. An hour passed and she was getting ready to call security when someone knocked at her door.  It was Officer Callahan.
“We’ve stopped our investigation,” he said.
“Why!”
“We decided to turn the matter over to the police.  They’ll be sending someone to talk to you in the next day or so to get more information if your friend hasn’t shown up by then.
“But...”
“I’m sorry but it’s procedure.  In most cases the missing person turns up within twenty-four to forty-eight hours and there’s no need for an investigation.”
Betty burst into tears.  “But she was kidnapped!” she struggled to say.  “Someone took her!  She wouldn’t just disappear for no reason!  That’s not like her!”
 “Okay.  Okay,” Officer Callahan said, trying to calm her down.  “Is there anything more you can tell me about the couple you mentioned on the elevator?”
“Just that they got on with us and were holding hands.  Oh, and that other man who never said anything.  He just pushed his way in and stood behind us.”
“What other man?” Callahan asked.  “You didn’t mention him before.”  
Betty frowned. “I didn’t?  I guess I wasn’t paying that much attention to him, Mostly because I was chatting with the man and woman.  Besides, we were anxious to get back to our room so we could turn on the television.  Well, I wanted to turn on the television to find out about Hunter Blake.  Sam mostly wanted to go to bed.”
The officer smiled.  “Can you describe this other man?”
Betty sighed. “Not really.  Like I said, I wasn’t paying attention.  Mostly I talked to those other people.”  She teared up again.  “First he disappears and now Samantha...”
“Excuse me?  The other man disappeared?” the officer asked, confused.
“No.  Hunter Blake,” Betty replied and sat back, closing her eyes.
“Wait.  Are you suggesting there’s some kind of a connection between the Hunter Blake situation and your friend’s disappearance?”
Realizing her gaffe, Betty looked at the officer then stammered, “N-No.  It’s just... I-I’m a Hunter Blake fan and... and... oh, never mind.”
Officer Callahan stood up.  “Perhaps I should mention this other man to the police and maybe take a look at some surveillance footage too.”  He headed for the door.  “Let me know if you can remember anything else,” he said and left.
Betty stayed on the sofa absently staring at the blank television screen mounted on the opposite wall.  All she could think of was Samantha.  

Twenty minutes passed.  Betty had dozed off on the sofa.  She was startled awake by a tap at the door and hurried to take a peek then jerked it open.  Two city policemen introduced themselves as Officers Norbert and Brown.  She let them in then sat and answered their questions, repeating everything she had told the Security Officer Callahan, and sharing any other details she could think of. 
As they were getting ready to leave, one of the officers casually brought up Hunter’s name.  “The guys downstairs mentioned you seemed to think there is a connection between his disappearance and your friend’s.  Do either of you know him personally?” 
“Well,” Betty began but hesitated.  “Sam does... sorta, but she only met him twice.  It’s not like she knows him really well or anything.”
“I see,” Officer Brown said.  “Were they dating?”
“No.  Oh, heavens no.  She accidentally ran into him at the Home Center.  Her cart collided with his.  And then she was staying with the Wesleys before she came here and they know him pretty well and invited him to dinner.  So she had dinner with him, but the Wesleys were there too.”  She frowned at them.  “She didn’t know he was going to be there.”
“Blind date?”
Betty shook her head quickly.  “No.  Nothing like that.  He’s just a friend of the Wesleys and they wanted to see him and I guess thought it would be nice for Sam to meet him too... maybe... to cheer her up.”
“Cheer her up.”
“Yes.  With all her house repairs and everything going on, she’s been a little stressed out.”  She eyed them both.  “Is any of this important?”
The officers looked at each other then back at Betty. “Let’s go over this again.  Tell us more about your friend and Hunter Blake.”
“There’s nothing more to tell,” Betty insisted.  “Like I said, she didn’t even know he was going to be there that night.  She said it was really awkward and she felt embarrassed the whole time so she didn’t say much.  Mostly she listened.”
“And they never saw each other again?”
“No, because I arrived a couple of days after that and she and I have been together and doing stuff ever since... well until now, and shouldn’t you be out there looking for her instead of asking me all these questions that probably don’t have anything to do with her abduction?”
Officer Brown nodded.  “Okay, and these other people are the Wesleys, you said?”
“The Wesleys, yes.”
“We’ll need their contact information.”
“I can probably get their phone number,” she said.
Officer Brown turned to his partner. “You want to find out if those surveillance tapes are ready?” 
“Sure.”  Officer Norbert made the call then replied, “They’re ready for us,” he said.
“Good,” Brown turned to Betty.  “Ms. Johnson, we’d like you to come take a look with us.  Maybe you’ll see something or recognize someone.”
Both officers her Betty downstairs and to a room with several computer monitors displaying live surveillance images.
“Over here.” Officer Callahan motioned to them.  “We found something interesting,” he said pointing to another computer monitor.  “Here’s footage of people standing in line for dinner around the time Ms. Johnson and her friend were there.”
They all watched intently until Betty said excitedly, “There!  There we are!” she pointed.
The security officer pulled up more footage. “Watch this,” he said as the video showed Betty and Samantha waiting for an elevator.  When it arrived, another couple and one other person hurried onboard with them.
“Those are the other people we were with on the elevator,” Betty said.
Callahan then showed one other clip.  “Now watch this.  As the elevator stopped at their floor, Ms. Johnson stepped out first, followed by the other couple.  However, Ms. Sinclair was pulled back inside the elevator car by that other man,” Callahan said.  “But noticed how he keeps his back to the camera so we can’t see what he’s doing.  He probably used something to render her unconscious.”
“Oh no!” Betty said.  “Oh no!”  She stumbled backwards and found a chair, sitting down abruptly.
“Where did that guy get off?” Officer Norbert asked.
“The next floor up,” Callahan said.  “Hallway footage shows he carried her to the stairs but we can’t find any other shots of him or her.”
“Then they must still be in the Resort.  Are there any views that show their faces?  Anything?”  Brown asked.
Callahan shook his head.  “Nothing.  They obviously knew where the cameras were.  Even that couple.  We can’t seem to get a clear shot of them either.”
“I see.”
“I’m inclined to think the couple was meant to keep Ms. Johnson distracted.”
Everyone nodded.
“But that still doesn’t explain how they got Ms. Sinclair out of the building.” Norbert stared at the monitor.  “There’s got to be something we missed. You can’t just disappear in a stairwell with an operating camera.”  He stood quietly for a moment.  “Brown.  Let’s you and I go take another look.”  He motioned to the stairwell footage.  “Keep an eye on that,” he said.
“What should I do?” Betty asked standing up.
“Why don’t you wait here for a few more minutes, then I can escort you back to your room,” Callahan said.
“Okay.”  Betty sat down again.
Officers Norbert and Brown quickly headed back to the stairwell on the floor where the man had taken Samantha.  Callahan continued to watch the monitor.  A moment later he reacted when the screen flickered.  Suddenly he was looking at both officers staring up into the camera.
“I don’t believe it,” he said.
“What?”  Betty stood up.  “What is it?”
“The camera had been rigged so we couldn’t see anything in that part of the stairwell.”
Soon the police officers returned.  Callahan looked at them and shook his head.  “I should have been more thorough,” he said.
“Don’t beat yourself up too much.  We almost missed it ourselves.”  Officer Brown held up a tiny device.  “It’s pretty slick.”
“I guess we’d better check the cameras on some of the other floors, just in case.”
“Sounds like a good idea,” Norbert said.  “We’ll call in a couple of other officers to help.”
Callahan looked at Betty.  “Let me get you back to your room.”  Soon they were at her door.  “Let me take a look then I want you to stay inside and not open your door for anyone.  Not even housekeeping unless a security officer is here with you.”
  “Okay,” Betty replied.  “But I’m scared,” she whispered.
“We know, but you should be safe if you stay in your room and do what we say.”


Chapter Eleven
Los Angeles was transitioning from a bustling city by day into a dazzling city by night.  It was late in the evening as Carolyn Allensby sat in her spacious home office staring out a window.  Deep in thought, she absent-mindedly tapped a pen on her desk then suddenly picked up the phone and dialed a number.
It rang three times before a man answered.  “Hello?”
“Randy,” she said.  Her voice was taut and unfeeling.  “I have another small job for you.”
“But... but you said I was done,” he protested.  “You said that CAMEO job was it.”
“Yes, but you botched it up and I’m very angry.  So now you owe me one more job.  Take care of this one and I promise it will be your last,” she stated firmly.  “I’ll double the payment to make it worth your while.”
He didn’t respond right away.
“It won’t take long.”
“Yeah, but if I get caught... if I get into any more trouble, the Feds will put me away for good.  I just want to get out of the country.”
“You do this job or the Feds will be the least of your worries.  You’re in too deep to say no.”  Her tone was threatening.
She could hear him breathing heavily, but he finally gave in.  “Fine, but this had better be the last one... because I’m through.  I’m finished with all of this.  I just want out.”
“Of course you do.  I knew you’d see it my way.  Wait to hear from Dirk.  He’ll pick you up.”
“Dirk,” he repeated uncomfortably.  “Yeah, well I’m already in Yuma.  I was going to hitch a ride into Mexico first thing in the morning.”
“This shouldn’t delay you by much.  I’ll have Dirk pick you up tonight.  You take care of the job, then disappear into Mexico and you’ll never hear from me again.  It’s that simple.”
“So, it’s another hand-off?”
“No.”
“What, then?”
“You’ll get the details when Dirk picks you up.  It’s a simple job.  There’s something I need taken care of... permanently.”
 “You... you mean... kill someone?”
Carolyn let out a cynical laugh.  “Honestly, Randy, I do wonder about you sometimes.”
“But I don’t get it,” he said.  “I’ve done a lot of things in my life, but I ain’t never killed no one before... not ever.”
“Then I will triple the payment.  Just do the job then you can disappear.”
He was silent for a moment. “You’ll pay me in the usual way?”
“Yes.  In fact, I’ll pay half up front.  Dirk will have your instructions, along with the money.  After you’ve completed your task, he will see that you get the balance.”
He hesitated then nervously replied, “Okay.”
“Don’t try to double cross me, though” she warned. “Oh, and one more thing, don’t say anything to your old partner.  This is strictly between you and me.”
Randy snickered. “Sounds like you don’t trust him.”
“Yes, well, just in case he happens to contact you for any reason, you’re not to say a word to him.  Do you understand?” Carolyn pressed him.
“I don’t get it.”
“Let’s just say, the fewer people who know, the better for all of us.”  Carolyn took a deep breath.  “I have to go.  Dirk will be contacting you in a few hours.”
She hung up then sat back for a moment before dialing another number.  “Dirk,” she said when he answered.  “Has the Sinclair woman been taken care of?”
“Yeah.  I left her at the clinic like you wanted.  She was just starting to come around.  Kelly keeps referring to her as Deborah something.  They hope to keep her convinced she has amnesia until you say otherwise.”
“Did she see you?”
“Only in the elevator but not at the clinic.  I kept out of sight until I left.”
“But she saw you.  That’s not good.  We’ll have to take care of her as well.  Let Kelly and Zack know.  The sooner the better.  Grabbing her was a long shot and I don’t think it’s going to work anyway,” she said.  By any chance did anyone else see you at the Resort?  Anyone who could identify you?”
“I don’t think so, although her friend caught a glimpse of me while we were in the elevator.  But I don’t think she could give much of a description.  Seemed too ditzy and chatty to me.”
“Even so, I don’t want to take any chances.  No loose ends.  Take of her as well, and what about cameras?”
“I avoided them.  I knew what I was doing.”
 “Okay, good.  I just talked to Randy.  He’s already in Yuma.  How soon can you meet up with him?”
“Shouldn’t take long, since I’m already down here.  An hour or two maybe.”
“Randy’s hesitant,” she said, “But since he failed to complete his assignment at the CAMEOs, they’re both liabilities and I need to get rid of them.  No. Loose. Ends this time, do you understand?”
“Of course,” Dirk said.  “You still think Hamilton is working both sides?”
“Yes.  Without a doubt.  Too many coincidences.  But even if I’m wrong, I don’t trust him anymore. If Randy hadn’t failed in his task, we’d have already taken care of Ham, but he didn’t.  One way or another, I want both of them taken care of... tonight!
Dirk chuckled.
“Something funny?” Carolyn demanded.
“Sounds more like he wasn’t all that interested in your seductive advances.”
“I could have you dealt with, you know,” she shot back.
“True.  But you and I both know you won’t, don’t we?”  Dirk chuckled again.  “So, where is Hamilton?”
“Back in Mexico.  One of my contacts confirmed that a few hours ago.  That small town just across the border.  Once Randy has taken care of him, you know what to do.”
“Sure, but why don’t you just let me take care of both of them?”
“Because Randy owes me,” she said.  “It’s a matter of principle.  This will be his payback... and his reward for being an idiot.  Oh, and for the record Dirk, you’re not the only stallion in the stable.  I’d be very careful, if I were you.”
“Oh, I’m careful.  I’ve covered myself,” he replied in the same tone.  “Photos.  You and me.  Something happens to me... Gerry gets a package hand delivered.”
“Just let me know when both jobs are finished!” Carolyn said tersely before slamming down the receiver.

Randy paced in his small rundown motel room. Even though it was still April, evenings in southern Arizona were pleasantly mild, unless you had unpleasant business on your mind.  Randy knew all too well, when it came to Carolyn Allensby, his choices were limited... either comply or die.
In spite of the presumably short-term contract he had with her, he realized now he’d never be free from her grip.  He’d been told his previous assignment, at the CAMEO Center, would be his last and that the conditions of his agreement with her would be met.  
“It weren’t my fault everything got screwed up,” he mumbled to himself.
The assignments he’d received from her over the past couple of years were in exchange for keeping him under the radar with the authorities.  He’d been involved in a string of petty thefts and con jobs, but one in particular had gotten the attention of the FBI.  With her connections, his name had never come up.  As a result, he was at Carolyn’s beck and call.
With time to kill before Dirk arrived, he found himself lamenting over various tasks he’d been forced to take on.  And although disgusting in many cases, no one ever died, at least not by his hand.  But this request was different.
“Request.”  He laughed at himself.  “She never requests anything.  She just gives orders.”
Tossing his phone on the bed, he wiped beads of sweat from his wrinkled brow.  Standing in front of a discolored mirror with one long crack running diagonally across it, he stared at his weathered and lined face framed in short and thinning gray hair.  Years of self-abuse and bad habits had taken its toll.
His stomach was in a knot and his head began to hurt.  He grimaced.  He’d never killed anyone before.  He wondered who the intended victim was.  Randy decided to stretch out on his bed.  “I’m too old for this crap.”
Staring up at the ceiling, he focused on a lone fly lazily moving about.  “Want to trade places?” he asked in disgust, then slowly drifted into a troubled sleep.
Less than an hour later, he was startled awake at the sound of his phone ringing.  Sitting up, he grabbed it and noticed it was a text message from Dirk with instructions to meet him on the outskirts of town.  Randy reluctantly pulled on his jacket and stepped out into the late evening air glancing around and dreading what would soon take place.
It would be several blocks before he reached the rendezvous point.  A warm breeze blew in from the west across the desert.  A couple of cars passed in both directions but mostly it was quiet at this time of night.
He checked his watch and picked up his pace for another block before stopping to catch his breath and calm his heart rate.  Wiping his brow again, he continued up the street, desperately trying to figure a way out of this assignment.
Scanning the night sky, he watched and listened.  Taking another deep breath, he gazed up and down the now deserted street in this less frequented part of town.  A couple more blocks and he’d be at his destination.
The appointed place was a desolate, dry, and dusty location just outside the town limits... and quiet.  The stars overhead were innumerable and for a moment he actually admired the sight, until the sound of an approaching helicopter interrupted the stillness marking the end of his brief moment of peaceful solitude.
Randy watched the aircraft come in low.  He noticed the rockets mounted on either side as Dirk easily set it down in a cloud of dust.  Randy hurried to climb onboard.  Moments later they were airborne.  For the next few minutes, Dirk said nothing. He finally reached into a compartment and withdrew a bulging envelope.
“Don’t spend it all in one place,” he remarked drily.
Without checking its contents, Randy shoved the envelope into his jacket, zipping it up.  “You sure got here fast,” Randy said.
“I was in the vicinity,” Dirk replied.  “Had some other business to take care of.”
“Other business?  What kind of business?”
“What do you care?”
“Just curious.”
Dirk laughed.  “Okay.  I kidnapped a woman this afternoon.  Took her to the old clinic for safe-keeping.”
“The old clinic?  Is that still being used?” Randy rubbed his right leg absently.
“For now.  We needed a place to keep her out of the way.”
“Out of the way?”
Dirk laughed again.  “You’re full of questions.”
“Just making small talk, that’s all.”
“Okay.  Well, she’s one of Blake’s women.  Samantha.  Although she doesn’t seem his type to me.”
“Why take her, then?”
“Bargaining chip.”
“Oh,” Randy said and decided he’d heard enough.  Instead, he asked. “So, what’s the plan?  Where are you taking me?”
“You’ll see soon enough.”
Randy stared out the cockpit window.  “Carolyn said you’d have instructions for me.”
“I do.  She needs you to deal with someone.”
“I guessed that much, but who?”  Randy’s stomach was churning again.  “Why me?” he blurted out suddenly.  “Why do I have to do this kind of dirty work?  I just steal things and act as a delivery boy.  I don’t kill people.  That’s what you do!”
“Everything you’ve done for her is dirty work.  Why should this be any different?”
“Because it sounds like I’m supposed to kill someone.  I don’t kill people.”
“First time for everything,” Dirk said.  He continued to guide the aircraft eastward through the darkness to the undisclosed destination.  Randy remained quiet.  Eventually Dirk banked south, which meant they were headed into Mexico.  It wasn’t long before he came about and began a gradual descent, finally setting down in the desert.  Not too far away were a very few dim lights of a tiny village.
“Your target’s in town.  Find him and take him out,” was all Dirk said, handing Randy a folded piece of paper and a handgun.
Randy read the instructions then looked at Dirk in amazement.  “Wait!” he exclaimed shaking his head.  “I can’t kill this guy.”
“You don’t have much room to negotiate.  Just do what you’re told.  No questions.”  Dirk glared at Randy.  “Look at it this way, you’re already in Mexico so no need to bum a ride in the morning.”  A smug grin creased Dirk’s face.
“So...” Randy began with hesitation.  “So, does this mean after I do this job I’m finished?  The contract is finally fulfilled?  I’m free?”
Dirk merely shrugged.  “That’s between you and Carolyn.”
With a look of disgust, Randy shoved his door open and climbed down, staring toward the village ahead.  The air was dry with a mix of familiar desert odors wafting about in a sporadic breeze.  He glanced back at Dirk then closed the door.  Stepping away, he watched as the helicopter lifted off and flew further south.
Holding the note, Randy reread the brief instructions in the glow of his cell phone screen then shook his head again.  “This isn’t right.  What if I don’t kill him?  What if I just disappear into the Mexican desert?  Half a payment is still worth something, especially in Mexico.”
Not far away, a narrow highway ran alongside the north end of the village.  He watched as a semi-truck ambled through with its running lights beckoning and for a fraction of a second he seriously considered the alternative then shook his head dejectedly.  “They’d find me,” he muttered to himself.  “They’d track me down and kill me.”
Taking a deep breath, he began the short hike toward the village mulling over in his mind how he was going to manage to complete his assignment.  Approaching a couple of tiny ramshackle houses, he stopped and peered down the dusty road.  A lone street lamp dimly illuminated the immediate area.  All seemed quiet.  He heard a dog bark in the distance, but decided it wasn’t anything to be concerned about.  Moving down the road, another dog began barking nearby.  Randy hurried along, hoping it would eventually stop making a racket.  Further along, he thought he heard something or someone approaching from behind and quickly eased into the shadow of a scrubby tree to watch and wait.
Beads of sweat lined his brow and he shuddered involuntarily.  After a few more minutes he emerged, glanced about then continued on, relying on every sense he could muster.  His breathing was rapid and his heart pounded.
Stopping within another shadow, he squinted at the note one more time.  In addition to the name was an address of sorts.  Finding the location was going to be a challenge, even with a roughly drawn map and brief description of the house he was looking for.
He took yet another deep breath, holding it for a moment before letting it out slowly, silently praying he’d somehow be able to get out of this.  Moving further along, he recognized one of the landmarks on the drawing and drew closer then suddenly stopped and listened.  Someone was coming.  
Unmistakable crunching of footsteps on the dry ground grew louder.  In a panic, Randy feverishly looked for a place to hide.  Ducking behind an abandoned metal barrel and some well-worn tires stacked next to it, he waited and listened to the rhythmic footfall.  It grew closer and he readied himself to accost the passerby if necessary.  Suddenly the footsteps halted just short of his view.  He froze.
Waiting and holding his breath, Randy dared not reveal himself.  He didn’t want to invite any unpleasant altercation with anyone, especially if it happened to be a local with a gun and no inhibitions of using it.  A whiff of cigarette smoke drifted into the shadows where he was crouched creating an immediate reflex to cough.  With every ounce of self-control, he managed to keep from doing so as the footsteps resumed and the silhouette of a dark clad figure passed by, seemingly unaware of Randy’s presence.
Carefully peering out from the shadows, Randy watched the figure approach the dim glow of another street lamp and turn slightly, revealing his features.  Randy was startled as he recognized this was the man he was seeking.  Hamilton.
Hamilton continued down the dusty road.  Randy’s heart pounded as he eased out of his hiding place, now in pursuit.  His heart raced even more with the realization that in just a few moments, it would all be over.  He stealthily followed, keeping to any available shadows, nervously fingering the bulge of the handgun in his jacket pocket, almost wishing it weren’t there.
Hamilton hesitated at a fenced yard then quickly entered the small dwelling.  Randy hurried after him, keeping an eye on the property, approaching it cautiously then stopped to listen.  Hearing nothing he slowly moved forward when suddenly a hushed voice from behind spoke to him in Spanish.
“¿Buscando algo?”  (Looking for something?) The familiar voice asked.
Randy was startled, instantly realizing he’d been clumsy and caught off guard by the very man he was seeking.
Attempting to recover, he responded. “Mi amigo. Yo estaba buscando para usted.” (I was looking for you).
“¿A esta hora de la noche?” (At this time of night?) the man asked.
Randy desperately tried to think of something to say.  “Ham... I...” his heart pounded fiercely then he heard a click.  “Please don’t shoot me,” he pleaded and slowly raised his hands.  He tensed up, waiting for the gun to go off and counted to five then slowly turned to look.  He was alone.
A wash of relief flooded over him and a cascade of thoughts instantly raced through his mind.  He’d been discovered but thought it odd that his former partner didn’t stick around to ask more questions.  In fact, it was odd that Ham had greeted him Spanish instead of English.
Shaken, Randy’s first instinct was to retreat, which he did.  He hurried back the way he had come, easing in and out of shadows constantly looking over his shoulder and listening.  Passing the last small house on the road, he suddenly realized he was stranded.  He had no place to go.  Dirk had flown away.  Pulling out his phone he started to make a call then stopped, uncertain what to do next.
“You should always have a backup plan,” Hamilton called out to him in English this time.
Randy whipped around and strained to see him in the shadows finally hearing footsteps crunch on the dry and dusty road.
“Ham, I just wanted to talk to you, you know... and catch up on old times,” he said nervously.  “No need to shoot me.”
“Old times?” Hamilton asked as he approached.
“Well, I...”
“Carolyn sent you, didn’t she?  She sent me.  She told me to kill you.”  Hamilton usually got straight to the point.
“She what?” Randy was stunned and coughed.  “I don’t believe that.  She told me to...”
“Kill me?”  Hamilton let out a soft laugh.  “I guess she hoped we’d kill each other.”  Hamilton waited but Randy remained quiet.  “Dirk drop you off?” he asked.
“Yes,” Randy said.
“Is he coming back for you?”
“N-no.  He, uh...”
“Well, here’s the bad news.  He’ll be watching us and listening for gunshots.  Knowing Carolyn like I do, she’ll want to be sure the job got done.  So I guess we’re both in hot water.”
“But I heard him fly off,” Randy countered.  “How could he be watching?”
“Randy.  After all these years working for these people, you really think he was going to drop you here and just leave?  Like I said.  They don’t like loose ends.  So my guess is Dirk landed nearby and he’s headed back this way on foot just like you.”
“So what do we do?”
“Well, I think we should follow orders and have a shootout.  What do you think?”
“But... I ain’t killed nobody before.  I didn’t want this assignment.  She threatened me and made me take it.”
“I know,” Hamilton said.  “I know how she operates.”  He looked around then back at Randy.  “Well... I suppose we could partner up again, look for Dirk and take care of him instead.”
“I like that idea a whole lot better.”
“Me too.  But he’s out there listening and waiting.”
Randy watched Hamilton raise his weapon.”
“Ham.  Wait.” Randy pleaded.
Hamilton pulled off a shot.  Randy flinched and immediately took inventory as the sound echoed across the desert floor.  “You missed.”
“I don’t miss,” Hamilton said.  “Now we either trust each other or I really will have to kill you.”
“I trust you,” Randy said quickly.
“Good.  Hopefully Dirk thinks one of us is dead.  So he’ll be coming back to finish his job.”
“So what are we gonna do?”
“Wait.  Watch.  It all depends on how far away he parked that rig of his.  Anyway, once we take care of him we can fly out of here.”
“Maybe he’s watching us already,” Randy said nervously, looking around.  “Maybe he’s figured out what we’re up to.”
“Good point,” Hamilton agreed.  “But like I said, it all depends on how far away he parked and how quickly he can walk back here in the dark.  My guess is he’s close but not close enough.”
“So what’s your plan?”
“Surveillance.  We wait and watch.  I don’t think he circled around.  I only heard him fly in, drop you off, and then leave.”
“You were watching?”
“It’s what I do for a living, remember?  Hearing a helicopter coming in late at night to a little place like this could mean several things, like moving drugs or people around, or whatever.  So I watched and waited and saw you sneak into town.  You seemed very nervous so I followed you for a short distance before moving on past.  I could have come up a lot more quietly, you know, but I wanted to be sure you heard me coming.  I was curious why you were here and what you were planning to do.  Then I decided to move on ahead.”
“Why didn’t you just kill me like you was told to do?”
“Why would I do that?  You’re my partner... or at least you used to be.”  He chuckled softly.  “Why didn’t you shoot me when you had your chance?”
“I didn’t want to arouse attention.”
“In this little out-of-the-way place?  No one would have cared.  People die here all the time.  You’re either part of the drug cartel or not.”  He looked at Randy.  “Is that the only reason you didn’t shoot me?”
Randy shifted from one foot to another.  “Naw.  Like you said, we’re partners... still are.  We’ve been through a lot of scrapes together and pulled through.”
“So, this is just one more mission, then, eh?”  Hamilton looked toward the east.  “It’ll be a few hours before daybreak.  We should find some cover and wait for our friend.”
“You sure he’ll be coming?” Randy asked, fidgeting.
“I’m sure.  Like I said, Carolyn doesn’t like loose ends, and you and I are both loose ends.  My guess is whichever one of us was left standing was Dirk’s to take care of.  So, we wait and watch.”

Crouched in the deep shadows of a solitary and low growing tree near the outskirts of the tiny village, Randy was growing restless.  “So how long you been down here?” he asked Hamilton.  “I mean, you were chasing me in L.A. just days ago.  So how’d you get here so fast?”
“Could you lower your voice please?”  Hamilton asked before answering.  “I flew into Arizona then hitchhiked a ways before crossing the border on foot.”
“Why not just fly all the way in?”
“It’d blow my cover.”
“Yeah,” Randy nodded then checked his phone for the second time.
Hamilton yanked it away.  “You have a death wish or something?” he whispered tersely.  Every time you check that thing it’s like flashing a beacon.” Hamilton shoved it in a pocket. 
“I hate waiting,” Randy said.  “You sure this is such a good idea?” He was growing more impatient by the minute.
“Stop talking,” Hamilton said firmly.  “It hasn’t been that long.”
Both men continued to gaze out into the darkness, straining to see even the slightest movement.  
Now in his middle fifties, Hamilton was only a few years younger than Randy, but unlike Randy, he’d learned to pace himself and had developed a heightened sense of discernment and a great deal of patience, both critical skills to staying alive.  Even so, as a whole, the unsavory business they both had been part of for years had taken its toll. 
Hamilton straightened up.  He gently touched Randy’s arm. “Good things come to those who wait,” he said.
“What.  You see something?” Randy followed his gaze.
“He just checked his phone,” Hamilton said.  “He’s just as nervous as you are.”  Staying in the shadows, Hamilton’s keen eye picked up the movement of a shape heading their way.  “It’s him,” he whispered.  Randy stiffened but remained quiet.
Dirk suddenly stopped and checked his phone again.  Hamilton waited and watched as the glow of the screen momentarily betrayed the owner’s face.  Hamilton smiled.  Moments later, Dirk shoved the phone back into his pocket and stood gazing toward the small village as if uncertain whether or not to proceed.  Barely backlit by the very faint glow of a rising sun, he took a couple of steps and stopped again.  Then without warning he abruptly turned around and began to trot back into the desert.
Although surprised at Dirk’s actions, Hamilton started to move.  He grabbed Randy’s arm.  “Let’s go!” he whispered.
Both men stepped out of their hiding place and began a pursuit, hoping Dirk wouldn’t hear their running footsteps.  There were no hiding places now, just sand and very minimal vegetation struggling to survive.
They continued until Dirk stopped.  Hamilton and Randy immediately dropped to the ground and lay flat as Dirk turned around long enough to scan the landscape before continuing on.  Hamilton and Randy resumed their pursuit.
Soon, Hamilton could make out the shape of the helicopter in the distance, an unmistakable silhouette against a barely lit eastern sky.  They were now completely exposed.
Picking up the pace, Hamilton wanted to shorten the distance between him and Dirk.  He needed to get a clean shot and was about twenty-five yards away when Dirk suddenly spun around and took aim, firing off a shot.
Hamilton hit the ground with his own weapon drawn and returned fire, but missed.  Shooting from a prone position on the ground was never one of his best options.  Dirk ran for the helicopter.  Hamilton was back on his feet and closing in.  He paused long enough to take aim.  This time he hit his mark, but in the leg.  It slowed Dirk down but didn’t stop him.
Reaching the helicopter, Dirk attempted to fire another round at Hamilton, but couldn’t keep his balance and missed.  He was reaching for the cockpit door when Hamilton pulled off another shot.  Dirk lurched, went down to his knees, and finally ended up face down in the desert sand.  Hamilton carefully approached keeping his gun leveled at the motionless body covered in blood.
He turned Dirk over to confirm the kill, but saw no blood on his chest.  He looked around for Randy, unable to see him then quickly crouched down, wondering if Randy was going to fulfill his orders after all.
Instead, he heard a voice call out to him.  “Ham.”
Cautiously, Hamilton retraced his steps and saw his partner down, but still moving.  He raced to his side.  Randy lay on the ground holding his chest.  Blood was oozing from a serious gunshot wound.
“He got me...  I don’t think I’m... gonna make it,” Randy managed to say.
“Hang in there, pal,” Hamilton said as he applied pressure to try to stop the bleeding.  “I’ll get you on the chopper.  We’ll get medical attention.”
“Don’t bother.  I’ll... never make it.”
“Randy,” Hamilton began, but his partner stopped him.
“Listen to me,” he struggled to speak.  “You gotta do something.  A... woman... needs... help.  You... have to... help her.”  He struggled to breath.
“What woman?” Hamilton asked.  “Who is she?”
“Samantha... Saman...tha,” Randy struggled for air.  “Old... clinic.”  He closed his eyes and tried to take another breath.  “Needs... help...” he gasped for air.  “Carolyn...”  He tried to squeeze Hamilton’s hand.  “Thanks... for... every...thing,” he said.  “I’m finally... free.”  He went limp.
Hamilton cradled his former partner’s lifeless body then gently laid him on the desert floor.  Going through Randy’s jacket pockets, he glanced at the few items then noticed a bulge.  He unzipped the jacket, withdrew an envelope and thumbed through the contents.  There were a few hundred-dollar bills on top but the rest was neatly cut paper.  “Randy, my friend, you never listened to me.”  He pocketed the money but left the worthless paper.
Hamilton stood up and gazed at the small sleeping village.  “Like I said, no one cares about gunshots around here.  Everyone keeps their nose out of everyone else’s business.”
He started for the helicopter walking past Dirk’s lifeless body without stopping.  “At least I won’t have to walk out of here,” he said to himself then noticed the mounted rockets.  “I guess we are living in a war zone down here these days.”  He belted up and began the startup sequence. 
“The old clinic.  A woman named Samantha who needs help,” he said as the helicopter came to life.  “Okay.  I guess I’m going to rescue Samantha, whoever she is, and somehow Carolyn is involved.  This should be interesting.”
 

Chapter Twelve
“Dusty.  Talk to me,” Carolyn Allensby said.  “I’ve been waiting for your call.  What’s taken so long?  Do you have him?
“No Ma’am,” a man replied nervously.
“Why not?  What happened?  Gerry sent him on a simple errand.  The location was ideal.”
“We know.  We drove in and were hiding in an empty hangar.  Blake flew in and we were getting ready to drive out to meet him when a black helicopter came in from the east and set down.  It was armed with missiles.
“What!”  Carolyn exclaimed.  “Who else could have possibly known he was going to be there!”
“I don’t know.  We didn’t say anything to anybody.  I’m telling you, something’s up because they tried to kill him.  They shot one of their own men, too.”
“This is unbelievable!” Carolyn was fuming.  “What exactly happened?”
“Blake turned over the attaché to one of their people who dropped the thing.  It popped open and some paper fluttered out of the case.  Blake took off running then someone from the helicopter took a shot at him.  We saw him go down.”
“Was he killed?” Carolyn asked anxiously.
“We thought he was hit, but apparently not because as soon as the chopper left a woman and a dog ran out of the plane.  He jumped up and they ran back to the jet.  We thought the other guy was dead because he was shot nearly point blank and bleeding.  Then he got up and ran for Blake’s plane too!”
“Did you recognize him?”
“Yeah.  It was that kid, Brian.”
“Brian?”
“Yeah.  The kid Hamilton checked out for us at the compound.  Zack got a clear look at him through the binoculars before he jumped on the plane.”
“But Hunter’s okay?”
“Yeah.”
Carolyn let out a sigh.  “Why do things always have to be so complicated?”  She said.  “Okay.  What else can you tell me?  Anything?”
“Yea, ma’am,” Dusty said.  “So the jet takes off in a hurry.  A couple minutes later the chopper comes back.  It looked like maybe they were on an attack run but just kept heading south.  If they thought they could catch up to Blake, they’re crazy.  He could easily out run them.”
“Sounds like they were tracking him,” Carolyn said.  “But why?”  She profaned under her breath.  “So the case is dropped and paper starts blowing all over.”
“To be honest, ma’am, it looked like money to us.”
“It wasn’t money.  Only paper cut to the size of money but not the real thing.”
“Well, we stayed in the hangar the whole time and waited until we were pretty sure no one was coming back.  So about thirty minutes later, we pulled out and could see some of that paper blowing around.  So we grabbed some of it.   It was ‘C’ notes!  So we pocketed as many as we could then got the hell outta there!”
“Hundred dollar bills?” she asked in surprise.  “I don’t like this!  Someone else knew about our plan but what I don’t understand is how that money ended up in the attaché.  Gerry was only to fill it with cut paper.  All we wanted to do was get Hunter... but safely!  That’s all!”  She was furious.
“I know,” Dusty agreed.
“Okay.  Tell me about the woman you saw with Hunter.  What did she look like?”
“Young, slender, medium height, long brown hair.”
“It must be Janet.  Gerry’s assistant.  I’m not at all pleased.  This was supposed to have been an easy operation.  Her instructions were to give the attaché to Hunter and go home.   Now everything has obviously escalated.  I need to know who’s behind this.  I’ll talk to Gerry, but find Hunter.  I want him unharmed,” she ordered.
“Yes, ma’am.  What about the woman and Brian?”
“If they’re all still together, you may have to take all three, unless you can manage to get Hunter alone.”
“And the dog?”
“He’s dispensable,” she stated.  “So you think they flew into to Mexico?”
“Only that they headed in that direction after taking off.  My guess though, is he probably circled around and is on his way back to L.A.  He may try to get a hold of Gerry.”
“Perhaps,” she said.  “We’ll monitor things from here, but see if you can pick up his signal, just in case he decides to head back to Idaho, or possibly someplace else.  We need to find him first!  Stay in touch.”
“Yes, Ma’am.
She sat at her desk focused on her computer screen when a voice called to her from her partially opened office door.
“Aren’t you coming to bed?”
“Gerry, dear.  I said I’d be up soon.”
He stepped into the room.  “Carolyn.  I’m worried.”
“About?”
“Everything.  I thought you said we were getting out... that we were finished with this business.”
“Sweetheart,” Carolyn stood up and walked over to her husband.  “Gerry, dear, I told you everything will be fine, but I need to ask you a question.”
“What is it?”
“What did you put in that attaché?”
“Cut up paper, just like you asked.  Why?”
Carolyn looked into her husband’s eyes studying his face.  “It was filled with money, dear,” she said.
“Money!”
“Yes and Hunter was shot at.”
“What!  Oh no... is he...?
“He’s fine... for now, but someone flew into that airfield in an armed helicopter, took the attaché, and tried to kill Hunter.”
“But how did the money get into it?  I filled it with paper myself and left it on the desk with instructions for Janet to deliver it to Hunter.  That’s all.”
“Yes, well, she was with him and so was that mutt.”
Gerry turned away, obviously upset.  “I didn’t want anything to happen to Hunter.  None of this is his fault!  He’s been a good friend to me.  He trusts me... at least he did.  Now that’s all changed.”
“I care about Hunter too.” Carolyn said.  “But we had to do something... to protect ourselves.”  She pulled him around and kissed his cheek.  “When this is all over we’ll take another trip somewhere nice.  How about Europe?  You love France and all that wonderful food and wine.”  She draped her arms around his neck and smiled.
“Yeah, okay,” he said sullenly.
“Go to bed, dear.  I’ll be up momentarily.  I have our men working on this.”
Gerry quietly left and Carolyn walked to the large window near her desk staring out into the night.  Ornamental lights cast a soft glow in their well-manicured back yard.  The water in their spacious, lighted pool was calm and in the distance a dazzling downtown Los Angeles and surrounding communities stretched for miles beyond their lofty hillside estate.
Carolyn organized the papers on her desk, switched off a lamp, and left her office, closing the door behind her.  She hesitated a moment at a faint rustling sound and peered down the darkened hall in the direction of the kitchen.  Watching and listening for a moment, she finally shrugged and headed upstairs.
A figure stepped out of the shadows of a recessed doorway in the hall.  He paused before heading back into the kitchen then slipped out a back door.

Hours later, Carolyn paced anxiously at the top of their sweeping staircase, waiting for someone to answer her call.  “Why don’t you pick up?” she whispered tersely.
She shoved her phone into a robe pocket just as Gerry came out of their bedroom and joined her at the top of the stairs.
“Trouble sleeping?” he asked.
“Yes, dear.  So much to think about.  I need to find out who’s behind this double-cross.”
“In the morning, sweetheart,” Gerry said.  “Come back to bed.  Staying up all night isn’t going to get us any answers.”
“Of course, my love.  You’re right.  You can rub my back and help ease the tension, just like you always do.  You’re so good to me, you know.”
“I try,” Gerry replied.  “You know, maybe the hot tub would feel good instead.  It’s warm out tonight.”  He reached for the back of her neck and squeezed it gently.  “You’re tense.  I can feel it.”
“The hot tub does sound like a good idea,” Carolyn said and smiled up at him.  “Want to join me?”
“I’d love to.”
“I’ll get my swimsuit,” she said.
“Why bother?” Gerry grinned at her.  “Nobody will be watching.”
They wandered downstairs and out to the pool and the adjoining hot tub.  Although early spring, the late night Southern California air was unusually warm due to a dry breeze blowing in from the high desert region east of Los Angeles.
“Isn’t it too early in the year for the Santa Ana’s to begin?” she asked, feeling the dry air blow against her face.
“I have no idea, dear,” he responded.  “I suppose.”
Unconcerned, Carolyn dropped her robe and Gerry helped her step into the warm water.
“Would you like a glass of wine?” he asked.
“That would be nice.”
“I’ll be right back.”
Gerry headed inside while Carolyn settled down in the warm water.  The hot tub was slightly elevated at the near end of their infinity pool with an unobstructed view beyond.  She gazed out across the vast Los Angeles basin with its hundreds of miles of avenues and boulevards.  All were dressed in the pinkish-orange glow of sodium-vapor street lamps.
There was a never-ending parade of vehicles traversing all sectors of the great metropolis and at all hours of the day and night.  Headlights sparkled like diamonds and taillights were equally dazzling rubies.
High-rises sported disproportionate checkerboard patterns of intermittently lit office windows, while red beacons atop each building blinked their constant warning to low flying aircraft.  To the west, a passing freighter was barely visible as a collection of tiny pinpoints of lights rising and falling on powerful swells of the ocean.  A few crickets chirped harmoniously, expressing their gratitude for a splendid evening, along with one lone frog echoing his sentiments as well.
“A nice evening,” Carolyn said quietly when Gerry returned with her drink.
“That it is,” he replied admiring his wife of fifteen years.  “Remember when we bought this place?”
“Yes,” she said looking up at him.  “Yes, I do.  I love it here.  I love being up above everything and being able to see so far.  It’s almost like we are living in a castle and our kingdom lies at our feet with so many peasants out there.”  She gestured casually with one hand.  “So many little people scurrying about, living humdrum lives.  So many silly little people.  This is so much better, don’t you think?”
“We do live a comfortable life,” Gerry said then looked up at the sound of a slight rustling in some shrubbery beyond.  He smiled.  “Probably the neighbor’s cat on the prowl.”
“More than likely,” she agreed then playfully tapped the surface of the water.  “I thought you were going to join me.  Change your mind?” She studied her husband’s face.  “Is there something wrong, dear?”
“I don’t know.  I’m just worried about everything.  I’m worried about Hunter.”
Carolyn flicked some water at him.  “Like you said, there isn’t much we can do right now.  Come join me.  We can worry later this morning, when we can think more clearly.”
“I hope so.”
She coyly eyed her husband.  “Are you keeping something from me?  Something you haven’t told me?”  She giggled. “Are you keeping delicious secrets from me?”
“Delicious secrets?  I can’t keep anything from you, delicious or otherwise.”  He gazed out across the darkened expanse.  “I think I need a drink too.  I’ll be right back.”
Carolyn leaned back and closed her eyes while Gerry went back inside.  He slowly poured his drink, swirling it in his glass for a moment before heading back outside.  Approaching the hot tub, he stopped and stared where his wife now lay slumped over, the water turning a light pink.  He stared in disbelief and looked around then quietly stepped back into the house.  Locking the door he picked up the phone and dialed.
“911. What is your emergency?” a voice answered.
“It’s my wife!” Gerry said in a panicked whisper.  “She’s been shot!”

Within thirty minutes the Allensby home was alive with police activity.  
“What have we got?” Detective Miller asked a uniformed officer.
“Not sure yet, sir.  Either a murder-suicide or a double homicide.  Won’t know until Stratton gets the bodies back to his lab.  Either way, it’s a mess.”
“Yeah,” the detective agreed examining the bloody scene in the kitchen.
“So, where is Stratton?”
“Out back,” the officer pointed.
Detective Miller headed outside to the hot tub.  “What have you got?” he asked his forensics expert.
“Apparently the lady of the house decided it would be a nice time of night to go skinny dipping in the hot tub,” he said in his comfortable southern accent.  “She’d been sipping wine, it appears, but the glass fell into the water so we can’t be sure what she was drinking, although an opened bottle of wine was sitting on a counter in the kitchen.  I’ll know better when I have a chance to examine it, her stomach contents, and any blood I can still extract.”
“She was shot, though?”
“Yes.  Once.  From the back.  Through and through.  They’re looking for the bullet, but in the dark, it’s going to be difficult to find.  Given the possible trajectory, though, I’d say the shooter stood over there.”  He pointed to a side yard gate.  Some of your guys are collecting evidence.”
“Good,” the detective said nodding thoughtfully.  “So what about the guy inside?”
“Looks like a suicide.”
“You’re not convinced?”
“Not yet.  Like I said, I’ll be able to tell you more after I’ve gotten them both to my lab.”
Detective Miller wandered back inside the mansion observing the various teams collecting evidence.  They were going through every room, but the kitchen in particular, where a body lay covered with a sheet.  He eventually walked out the front door.
“Neighbors hear anything?” he asked his partner, Detective Morgan.
“No.  At this hour, everyone else around here was asleep.  Plus, it isn’t like they’re all crammed in here together in this neighborhood,” she gestured.
 “Yeah, okay,” Miller said with a nod.  “These high and mighty people sure know how to live, don’t they?  I mean, look at this place.” He glanced around.
“Yeah, all this and a bloody kitchen and hot tub to boot.  It’s definitely my idea of a dream home,” Morgan quipped.
“Very droll.  Okay.  How much longer do you think?”
“You and I can probably wrap up things here and let everyone else finish,” she said.  “They’re going to keep a team overnight, so no one can tamper with the crime scene.”
“Yeah, and I’m sure they’ll want to do more digging around in the daylight,” Miller added.  “Okay, then I guess we can go.”
The detectives headed for their car.  “You know what’s interesting,” he remarked, “is the 911 call dispatch received from this residence.  The husband apparently made the call before he was shot.  But he didn’t stay on the line very long.  Hung up before dispatch could confirm the location or ask any other questions.”
“Maybe someone interrupted his call.  Shot him and hung up the phone,” she suggested.  “Or the shooter might have made the call.”
“If it was the shooter, why would he do that?”
“I don’t know.  A lot of crazy people out here looking for some kind of a thrill,” she said.  “They come here, kill a couple of rich people, call it in, then sit back and watch the show unfold on TV.”
“And then we catch them,” he said, “So what’s the point?”
“Point?  When has there ever been a good reason to commit murder?” she asked.  “But then... it keeps us busy.  Besides, you didn’t have anything better to do in the middle of the night, did you?”
“You mean besides sleep?” he muttered then looked up the street.  “Here they come,” he said referring to a van and television crew.  “Can we duck out of here before they start asking a lot of questions?”
“Sure,” she laughed.  “Let’s go.  I’ll drive.”
“I thought it was my turn.”
“I have the keys.”  She dangled them from a finger and smiled.  “Come on.  Let’s go.”


Chapter Thirteen
A rising sun began to illuminate the Mexican desert.  Lifting off, Hamilton hovered long enough to take one last look at the carnage then headed north toward the United States.  He knew where to cross the border relatively unnoticed, especially at a low altitude.  Once stateside he wouldn’t need to be quite so cautious, but given what had just happened, staying alert was always a good thing, especially when flying a borrowed helicopter.
“Somebody will be tracking this thing, unless...”  He studied the avionics then hit a button.  “Here we go,” he said, impressed with the state-of-the-art equipment.  “Nice rig.” 
He began to formulate a rough plan of rescue.  It had been nearly a year since he’d been to the remote location referred to as ‘the clinic.’ A group of previously abandoned buildings, it was located on a little-used graveled road tucked into a mountainous region of northwestern Arizona.  As such, it was very much out of the way and an ideal place to hide anything or anyone.
Hamilton stayed on course as the morning sun began to cast elongated shadows, revealing the rugged terrain below.  Although stark, there was a measure of unique beauty about it.  Here and there, the barren earth displayed layers of exposed minerals, telling an intriguing story of tectonic history.

By the time he’d reached the vicinity of the old clinic, the sun had finally risen and was bright in the clear morning sky.  He approached the area staying high until he caught sight of what appeared to be a cluster of abandoned buildings nestled into a protected and rocky area.  “There you are.”  He flew a wide circle and continued to stay high until he identified a place to set down.  It wasn’t too far from the dusty road leading to the abandoned buildings.  He made a shallow approach staying out of sight behind a nearby rocky hilltop, hoping no one heard his arrival.
Climbing out of the rig, Hamilton looked around and listened for anything unusual.  Satisfied he’d not been observed, he began strapping on some gear.  With the air temperature warming up and bright morning sunshine, he donned sunglasses and a baseball cap then patted the pockets of his jacket for a couple of items he generally carried with him.  
He pulled out a specially-made pair of high-powered binoculars that could fit in the palm of his hand.  Using them he surveyed his immediate surroundings, to make doubly sure no one was watching.   Trusting his years of training and expertise, he headed down the dirt road toward the clinic, remaining alert to any unwelcome surprises.
He had no idea how many people were here or what to expect.  Someone named Samantha was all Randy was able to tell him.  And since he also managed to mention Carolyn’s name before he died, Hamilton was especially concerned for Samantha’s safety.
“Samantha,” Hamilton said softly.  “Who are you and why do I need to rescue you?  And why did they bring you here?  Especially after...”  He stopped whispering to himself as he came around the base of the hill within view of the clinic and crouched down.
He observed the weathered chain link fence surrounding the property and noticed most of the buildings had become dilapidated and showed evidence of the fire that he’d heard had ravaged through most of them a couple of years ago.  One building, however, was in better condition.  “Looks like someone’s been doing a little renovating.”
An ambulance was parked on the near side of the one building, backed up to a wide door.  Hamilton pulled out the binoculars and made a careful sweep of the grounds and buildings.  He saw no evidence of surveillance cameras or listening devices.  He waited a moment longer before slowly standing up
The door to the building opened suddenly and he crouched down again, watching through the binoculars.  A man dressed in hospital scrubs came out and opened the back doors of the ambulance then hurried back inside.  Hamilton waited and watched.  Moments later, the man returned pushing a gurney.  Someone was on it and strapped down.  A woman, also dressed in scrubs, exited the building and together they slid the gurney into the back of the vehicle and slammed both doors shut.
“All set?” he could hear the man ask the woman.
“Pretty much,” she responded.  “Just need to take care of a couple more things first.  Don’t want to leave any evidence behind that we were here.  I’ll just be another five or ten minutes.”
“I can help,” the man replied.  They both disappeared back inside, but apparently not in much of a hurry.
Hamilton did not recognize either one.  Looking around one more time, he stood up and wasted no time trotting to a wide opening in the fence minus the mangled gates that lay nearby.  Keeping the ambulance between him and the building, he reached the driver’s door and quietly opened it.  Sliding in, he glanced in the back and noticed a woman lying motionless on the gurney.  “I sure hope you’re Samantha,” he said, then reached for the ignition, assuming the key would already be there.  It was not.
Quickly searching the most likely hiding places, he found it tucked into the visor.  Checking both side mirrors, he turned the key and the engine roared to life.    Shoving the vehicle into gear, he peeled out of the facility, spewing loose dirt and gravel just as the man and woman ran shouting from the building.
Bursting through the fence opening, he raced up the road for the helicopter parked about a quarter mile away.  Minutes later, he braked to a skidding stop and jumped out.  Flinging open the rear doors, he jumped into the back and examined the body on the gurney.  A moan was all he needed to know the woman was still alive.
Gently shaking her, he called her name.  “Samantha.  Samantha.  You need to wake up.  We don’t have much time!”
He jumped from the ambulance and ran to the helicopter.  Soon the engine began to whine as the overhead and tail rotors began turning.  He ran back to Samantha.
 “You need to wake up.”  He shook her.  “Samantha.  Focus on me.  I’m here to help you,” he said while rummaging through compartments in the ambulance.
“Mmm,” she moaned groggily struggling against the restraints.
“Come on.  We need to get you out of this thing and into the helicopter.  We don’t have time to sit around.” He quickly loosened the straps.  “Wake up, Samantha.  We have to go!”
“My head,” she said, still dazed.
“You need to focus!” he said firmly taking her face in both hands.  “Look at me!”
She frowned and moaned again trying to figure out what was going on.
Hamilton helped her to a sitting position.  She was dressed in scrubs and wearing socks, but no shoes.  Quickly searching compartments, he grabbed more socks and some hospital booties.
“Hold these!” he ordered, and pulled her up and off the gurney.  “We gotta move!”
“I...,” Samantha struggled to comprehend where she was.  “My head,” she said again and closed her eyes, trying to sit down.
“No!  You need to wake up!”  He pulled her to the back of the van.  “Samantha.  Look at me.  I’m here to help you.”  He lifted her down then scooped her up and over his shoulder.  Struggling under her weight, he worked his way to the helicopter, its blades now fully rotating.
He managed to get her strapped in, tossing the extra socks and booties in with her.  Racing around to the other side, he jumped in and checked the display readouts just as the man and woman ran into view with weapons drawn.
The downwash of the overhead rotor was already kicking up sufficient dust and particles forcing them to shield their eyes, unable to fire any significant shots.
Samantha slowly became more alert.  “What’s... happening?” she asked, squinting out the cockpit windshield.  “What’s going on?  Where am I?”
“We’re in the middle of the desert and I’m rescuing you,” was all he said as he worked the controls.  Lifting off, Hamilton skillfully guided the aircraft up and disappeared over the crest of the hill to avoid the continued gun fire from below.  He set his course northward.

Two hours later, Hamilton began circling a remote area in the high desert region of southeastern Oregon.  He carefully set down in a narrow wash lined with granite rock formations.  Shutting down the aircraft, he climbed out and stretched before helping Samantha.
Still unsure what was happening, she just stood and looked around at the formidable surroundings.  “Where are we?  And who are you?”
“We’re safe for now,” he said.  “But we need to hurry.  We need to get moving.”
“Moving?  Where?”
“To a safer place,” he said.  “Let’s go.”
She took a few steps on the coarse decomposed granite covering the ground then stepped on a larger rock.  “Ouch.”
“Sorry I couldn’t find any shoes,” he said.  “Hold on.” He grabbed the extra socks and the booties from the helicopter.  “Put these on.  It should help a little.”
 “Who are you?” she asked again pulling on the extra footwear.  “And... what happened?  Why are we here?”  She took a deep breath and rubbed her forehead.  “I don’t feel good.”
“I know.  They had you drugged, but we have to get going.  We have a ways to walk.”
“They?  Who are they and why would someone want to drug me?”  She shook her head again, trying to clear the fuzziness.
“I can explain later,” he said, “but we really need to move.  Come on!”
She stared at their surroundings again.  “Why do we have to walk anywhere?   Where are we going?  I... don’t understand... and what did you say my name was?”
“Samantha.  That’s all I know.  Just come with me.  You’ll be fine.”  Hamilton started up the gully looking back.  “Samantha!  Let’s go!”
Reluctantly, she began to follow.  “Are there snakes out here?”
“Probably.”
She struggled to pick up her pace, doing her best to walk in the coarsely crumbled granite with her makeshift footwear.  She managed to catch up to Hamilton and stayed on his heels as they continued on.  It was nearly midday with the air temperature rising.  “I’m getting tired and thirsty,” she said after they’d walked for about twenty minutes.  “And it’s hard walking in these socks and booty-things.  How much further?”
“Not far.”
“How far is not far?”
“About a quarter mile, maybe less.”
“About how many miles have we already walked?  And why are we walking when you could have landed your helicopter a lot closer to wherever it is we’re going?”
He let out a sigh. “It hasn’t been all that far, it just seems like it because we’re on foot and the going is slow.  I don’t want anyone spotting the helicopter right away, okay?”
“I guess, but why can’t you tell me where we’re going?”
He kept moving without a word.
“You’re just going to leave me out here, aren’t you?  And why am I dressed like this?  What happened to my clothes?”
“You do like to ask a lot of questions, don’t you?”
“I haven’t asked a lot of questions,” she said.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” he replied.  “I must have been hearing voices because it seems like someone hasn’t stopped talking and asking questions for the past twenty minutes.  The drugs must be wearing off.”
Samantha made a face behind his back.  “Well, if you were me, wouldn’t you want some answers?  If someone would just answer my questions, I wouldn’t ask as many.”
“Not much further,” he said.
Samantha continued to struggle to keep up as the gully narrowed and the trail started up an incline.  By the time they crested the top Samantha had to stop.  She gazed out at an expansive but barren landscape.  “Now what?” she asked.
“What?  I think I’m hearing voices again,” he said, this time with a smile.  “Come on.  This way.”  
Following the base of a hilly granite rise, Samantha finally saw a beat up and rusty looking old travel trailer situated beneath a draped camouflage netting.  As they approached, she could also see a wire mesh fence surrounding it. 
 “I’d sure like to soak my feet right now.  They’re hot and sweaty and I can feel every rock and pokey thing.”
“I know, but like I said, it was the best I could do at the time.”  He stopped.  “You want me to carry you the rest of the way?”
“Oh, now you ask when we’re right here!”  She gestured toward the trailer.
Without a word Hamilton hoisted her over his shoulder.
“Put me down!”
“No.  The sooner we get there, the sooner you can stop complaining.”
She pounded on his back.  “If you’d just answer my questions, I might not complain as much!”
“Somehow I doubt that.”
“Well, I don’t trust you!”
“I’m not so sure I trust you either!”  He lowered her to the ground.  “We’re home.”  He discreetly pulled a small black device out of his pants pocket, pushed a button then put it back.
Samantha stood staring in disgust at the dilapidated trailer.
“Not bad, huh?”  He grinned.
“Are you kidding me?  I’m not going inside that thing.  It’s probably full of spiders and scorpions.”
“It will give us shelter until we leave.  I’ll check for unwanted tenants.  Come on.”
“So, when are we leaving?  And how did you know about this place?  You bring innocent, unsuspecting women here often?”
“More questions.  You need to trust me,” he replied.
“I already told you I don’t.  I don’t even know your name.  Who are you?” she glared at him. 
“You don’t want to know.”
“Yes I do.”
“No... you don’t.”  He glared back.  “The less you know about me the better.  Now, come on.”
He opened a makeshift gate and waited for her to enter, then secured it and headed to the trailer.
Samantha stood back.  “You check it out first.  I’ll wait here.”  She watched him step inside.  Shading her eyes against the bright sunlight, she surveyed their surroundings more carefully.  All she could see were dry, low-rolling, scrub-covered hills in one direction and the rocky outcroppings behind them.
Loud banging and feet stomping preceded a yell as Hamilton jumped back out the door.
“What!”  She ran to the fence, ready to take off.
He burst into laughter.  “Nothing.  I just wanted to mess with you.”
“That is not funny and I’m in no mood for jokes!” she said.  “You dragged me out here in the middle of nowhere.  I have a headache and I’m tired and hungry, and I’m sure there are spiders in there!  I hate spiders!  Why are you taunting me?”
Hamilton looked at her and simply said, “Well, it’s either stay inside the trailer or stay out here.  Take your pick.”
“Why do we have to stay here at all?  Why can’t we just go someplace else, like a hotel or something?”  She frowned.  “Why here of all places?”
“Because until I find out who you are and where you’re from, this is the safest place I know,” he said.  “Hopefully later tonight or by morning you will be able to remember more.  In the meantime, you should lie down and rest.”  He gestured toward the trailer door.  “That would help.”
Samantha didn’t care for her options but realized she was at his mercy for now and gave in with grave reluctance.  “Okay,” she finally said. “I’ll go in but you’d better be ready to kill any spiders… or… anything else creepy-crawly.”
“I promise.”  He grinned.  “I’m not going to hurt you.  I want to help, but you’ll have to figure out a way to trust me.”  
Once inside, Hamilton produced two tightly rolled sleeping bags from an overhead bin.  He checked each for creepy-crawly things then offered one to Samantha.
She looked at him.  “You just happened to have two sleeping bags in here?” She eyed him suspiciously. “Are we spending the night?”
“Yes,” he replied.
“I’m not sleeping in here with you.”
“That’s fine.  You can bed down outside and sleep under the stars.  Makes no difference to me.”
She glared at him. “Well, if I did stay in here, where’s the bed?”
“Oh.  Sorry.”  He pulled out a gaucho sofa seat situated on one side of the trailer, then rearranged the cushions to cover the wooden platform.  “There you go.  A bed.”
“And you expect us both to sleep on that?”
“I thought you wanted to sleep outside,” he said with a grin.
Samantha put her hands on her hips and glared again.
He stopped grinning.  “I would have fixed the dinette into a bed, but a support piece is broken.  So, yeah, we’re sharing this one.  But you’ll have your sleeping bag and I’ll have mine,” he said.  “So don’t get any ideas, if you know what I mean.  I’m not easy.”
“Oh, for crying out loud!” she said in disgust.  “That’s the last thing on my mind.  And besides, I don’t do… that sort of thing.”
“Not ever?”  He seemed genuinely surprised.
“Will you please stop?  I just want to get off my feet.  They hurt.”
He pointed to the bed.  “Then sit.  I’ll see what I can scrounge up for a meal.”
 “We have food?”  She sat down on the edge of the bed to rub her feet.
He bent over and opened a small icebox door pulling out some sealed packets.  “Gourmet style,” he said with a slight flourish.
“What are those?” she asked. “And why keep them in a refrigerator that obviously isn’t cold?  Are they perishable?  Do you even have electricity out here?”
“More questions,” he said.  “It’s not a refrigerator, and no, we do not have electricity.  We do have a propane gas stove that works, but this is just an icebox, with no ice.   I keep stuff in there so the creepy-crawly things can’t get to them.”  He was obviously enjoying himself.
Samantha moaned.
“Okay,” he said.  “These are MREs.   The military uses them.”
“Why call them ‘emories’?” she asked.
“No.   They’re M-R-E’s, meals ready to eat.  You know, M-R-E… meals… ready…”
“Okay, okay... but are they any good?” She was doubtful.
“I guess we’ll find out.  Let’s see... we’ve got corned beef hash, sliced ham, brownies, crackers, and applesauce.  What sounds good to you?”
“None of it,” she said staring at their choices, “but I’ll try the corned beef hash, I guess, and some crackers.”  He opened the packages.  After a tentative taste he grinned.  “Not bad.”
“I’ll just bet.”
“Seriously.  Take a bite.”
Grimacing, she put a very tiny piece of corned beef in her mouth then gave him a sheepish look.  “Well... okay.  I guess I can eat that.”  They eventually ate some of each, except the applesauce, which had gone bad, and washed it all down with bottled water.
“You need to rest,” he said after cleaning up.  “I’m sure your body is still trying to deal with whatever drugs they gave you.”
“They,” she repeated.  “Who are they and why did they take me?  What did I do?”
“I have no idea, but that’s not important right now.  What is important is that you are safe with me.”
“Safe with you.  I don’t feel so safe.  Besides, if I lie down, what are you going to do?” she asked as he arranged the sleeping bags on the bed.
“I have some things to do outside while there’s still daylight.  I’ll be in later.  Just rest.”
Hamilton cranked open louvered windows at the front of the trailer and similar windows alongside the bed to take advantage of a very slight breeze.  “It’ll be cozy, but I think we’ll be fine.”  He waited for Samantha to get settled before heading out the door.
“You’re not going to run off are you?  And leave me here?” she called after him.
“No.”
“Are you sure we’re safe?”
“I’m sure,” he said to her through the open window.  “Try to rest.  I’ll protect you from all the creepy-crawly stuff.”
“Wait!” she called out again.
“Now what?” he asked stepping back to the window.  “I’ve got things I need to do.”
Samantha rose up to look at him through the window.  “Why won’t you tell me your name?  You do have a name, don’t you?”
“Most people do.”
“If I’m going to die out here, I’d at least like to know who my abductor is.”
Hamilton didn’t answer right away and Samantha figured he wasn’t planning to, so she lay back down.  Finally she heard him say, “Brad.  You can call me Brad.”
“Thank you... Brad.”
“You’re welcome.  And by the way, I did not abduct you.  I rescued you from people who did abduct you.”  He stepped away.
“Please don’t leave me here to die,” she said softly as tears welled up.
“I’m not going to leave you here to die, Samantha.  I really am trying to help.”
In spite of his promise, tears still rolled down her cheeks.  “But I don’t understand what’s happening,” she said quietly.  “I wish I could remember more.”
“I know,” Hamilton responded.  “You were drugged.  But eventually you’ll begin to remember things.  When you do, let me know.  In the meantime, resting is the best thing you can do.  Drink some more water then try to get some sleep.  I’ll be in soon.”
Samantha took a swig from her water bottle then stretched out attempting to get comfortable on the lumpy foam seat cushions now serving as a mattress.
“Brad,” she said before dozing off.


Chapter Fourteen
Soft snoring woke Samantha out of a troubling dream.  Hamilton was asleep beside her.  The sun had moved much closer to the western horizon and the air temperature was slightly cooler, though not by much.  She lay awake for a while, trying to piece together the dream, as well as figure out how Brad fit into all of it.  
“Who are you?” she whispered.  “Why did you rescue me and what are you planning to do with me?”  Closing her eyes again, she drifted off into more unsettled sleep.

Hours later, Samantha opened her eyes with a start.  She was now alone on the bed and it was dark inside the trailer.  Propping herself up on her elbows, she called out, “Brad?”  No answer.  In a panic, she fought with the zipper of her sleeping bag then rushed to the door and peered out.
With great relief, she saw him sitting in a folding camp chair studying a map in the glow of a tiny light.  She opened the door and let it swing wide.
He glanced up. “Good evening, sleepyhead.  Feeling better?”
“A little… I guess.”  She sneezed.  “Excuse me.”
“It’s the dry air and dust,” he said.
She waited a moment.  “What.  No ‘bless you’ or at least a ‘gesundheit’?” she asked, relieved he hadn’t run off into the darkness without her.
“Gesundheit,” he said without looking up.
“Thank you.  What time is it?”
“Oh, I don’t know.  After seven, I think.  I let you sleep.”
Samantha watched him looking at the map. “Planning a trip?”
“Just trying to figure out what to do next.”  He finally looked up.  “Hungry?”
“Yes.”
He stood up, tossed the map on his chair, and picked up the tiny light.  “Let’s see what we can scrounge up.”  Samantha stepped back as he climbed into the trailer and turned on a small lamp over the galley.  He lit a burner on the stove and in minutes whipped up dehydrated scrambled eggs, accompanied by more crackers and something resembling orange juice.
“Another gourmet meal, I take it,” she said with a half-smile.
“Only the best for my gal.”
They sat at the tiny dinette table at the front end of the trailer and ate in silence.  Samantha stared out the front windows into the darkness. 
“I can’t get over how quiet it is and dark,” she said.  “I can’t see anything.  I wish the moon were up.”
“It will be later.”
“It seems kind of creepy, actually.”
“Creepy?” Hamilton chuckled.  “I suppose, but I kinda like it.”
She looked at him.  “You come here often?”
“Often enough.”
“Have you ever been married?” she asked impulsively.
Caught off guard, he looked pained suddenly but replied, “Once.  It’s hard to maintain a relationship with someone, doing the kind of work I do.”
“What kind of work do you do?”
“I rescue beautiful women, lure them to my private little outpost in the middle of nowhere, feed them ‘emories’ and…”
“And?”
“And figure out how to get them safely back home again.”  He didn’t smile.  In the very dim light, his face betrayed something sad as he ate.  “I’m not sure how long we may have to stay here.  We’ll see.”  He looked at his watch.  “Go ahead and finish up.  There’s a couple of things I still need to do.  I’ll be outside.”  He slid out of the bench seat and took his paper goods with him.
Samantha sat looking at the remains of her meager meal then took one last bite.  She picked up her own paper plate and looked around then opened the door.
“What should I do with this?” she asked.
“I’ll take it.” He placed it in a metal container with a snug-fitting lid and sat back down.
Samantha closed the door and sat on the edge of the bed then pulled on the two pairs of socks and the booties.  “Now what?” she whispered to herself sitting in the dark.
The door opened and Hamilton poked his head in.  “You want to come outside and sit?  I have another chair.”
“I guess.”  She climbed out of the trailer while he rummaged in an outside compartment and pulled out a second camp chair.  He set it up and slapped it with a piece of cloth to knock off the dust and cobwebs.  “His and hers.”  He gestured with a flourish.  “Have a seat.” 
Samantha sat quietly staring out at the darkness.  “Miles and miles of nothing.”
“Look up,” he said.
Samantha did and gasped at the sight through the camouflage netting.  “Oh!  I didn’t notice with the netting.”  She stood up and walked out from under it.  “So many stars!” she said with near reverence.  “I don’t think I’ve ever seen so many stars.”
“That’s the beauty of being out here and away from all the city lights.”  He stopped what he was doing.  “How are you feeling?”
“Okay, I guess.”
“Remember anything yet?”
Samantha returned to her chair.  “I don’t know.  Earlier I woke from this dream.  It was upsetting and I had a hard time getting back to sleep.”  She looked at him.  “You were asleep.  I didn’t even know when you came in.  Anyway, it was a jumble of things but scary... a little.”
“Can you piece any of it together?”
“Not really.”
He nodded.  “Just some bits, then.  What do you remember?”
She closed her eyes.  “It was like I was up in the sky... or something like that, and there were voices but I couldn’t see anyone.”
“Do you remember what any of the voices said?”
“It was like people were talking about me... almost like I wasn’t really there, but I was there... I don’t know.”  She turned her gaze to the tiny light then closed her eyes again.  “There was a man and I think a woman’s voice but I can’t make out what they were saying.  But... yes... they were talking about me.”  She opened her eyes and looked at Hamilton.
He nodded.  “There was a man and a woman at the place where I found you.  They were dressed in scrubs... you know, like a doctor and a nurse might be dressed.”
Samantha focused on the light again.  “Yes.  I remember now.  The woman... touched my arm and said something.”
“Like what?”
Samantha tried to remember.  “It was like she was saying my name.”
“Samantha,” he said.
She shook her head.  “No.  No, she didn’t say Samantha.  It was a different name.  Oh, I don’t know.  That’s all I can remember right now.”
“Okay.  You’re doing fine.  Just relax now and enjoy the evening, the stars, and the peace and quiet.”
Samantha managed to smile.  “Okay.”  She looked around in the dim light and noticed that the trailer sat on a solid foundation of tightly stacked cement blocks.  Then staring out further she could barely make out the wire fence that encircled their habitat.    
“So why the fence?  It isn’t very high and it doesn’t look very strong so it’s not going to keep anyone out.”
“Keeps the slithery kind out.”
Samantha shuddered involuntarily and pulled her legs up.  “Creepy-crawly things,” she said.  “And what about the cement blocks holding up the trailer?”
“They support our little home-away-from-home and also keep unwanted visitors from crawling underneath and hiding.”
“But if the fence keeps them out…”
“It isn’t fool proof.  If I don’t remember to close that one little section we came through, they can still get in.  I had to clobber one a few hours ago, as a matter of fact.”
Samantha picked up her feet again.  “Where!”
“He’s dead.  I whacked him then flung him way out there somewhere.”  Hamilton gestured into the darkness.  He grinned, and for the first time, Samantha noticed the faint traces of dimples in the glow of the light.
“But how did he get in if you’ve been in here with the gate closed?”
He didn’t respond.
“You have dimples… sorta,” she said.  “I like dimples.”
He ignored her remark.
“My little brother had dimples.”
He looked up.  “Had?”
“Bobby.  He died when he was two.  I barely remember him.  It’s been nearly fifty years ago, I think.  I just remember how heartbroken my mom and dad were at the time.  It was hard on everyone.  I stayed with my grandparents for several months afterward.  My mother was never the same.”
“I’m very sorry to hear about that,” he said.  “I’m sure it was very hard on you too.”
She nodded.  “I was about three at the time.”
He watched her for a moment then changed the subject. “I’ve been examining our options.”
“We have options?”
“We do,” he said.  “We can hike back out of here and fly away… or… considering how cozy and lovely this charming cottage is, we can stay right here for the rest of our lives, cuddled up every night in our cozy little bed, raising a family of jack rabbits, and living happily ever after eating ‘emories’.”
Samantha stared at him.  “You’ve been out in the sun too long.”
He laughed.  “You’re probably right.”
She looked around again.  “How did you get all of this stuff out here?”
“All of what stuff?”
She exhaled loudly with a disgusted look.  “The trailer.  The cement blocks.  The stuff for the fence.  All this.”  She gestured at his table and chairs and a few other miscellaneous things.
“One piece at a time,” he said showing off those faint dimples again.
Samantha watched him without saying a word as he continued to study his map then she closed her eyes and suddenly thought of Hunter Blake.  How much happier she would be running into him again at the Home Center instead of being held captive somewhere in the desert.  She suddenly teared up and quickly wiped her face hoping Brad didn’t notice.
Standing up, she walked to the front of the trailer and stared up at the stars once again.  “Don’t you worry about someone sneaking up on us?” she asked.
“Who’s going to do that?”
“Well... anyone wandering around out here.”
He chuckled.  “How many people do you know who have nothing better to do with their time than wander around in a remote area of the desert in the middle of the night?”
“Oh, I don’t know… dirt bikers, four-wheelers, hikers looking for long lost treasures.  The people who kidnapped me.  Those kind of people.”
“In the middle of the night.”  He shook his head slightly.  “Well in the first place, the people who kidnapped you don’t know about this place.  As for anyone else, it’s just as unlikely, especially in the middle of the night.  And even if someone did come wandering around, they’d have to get past the security system.”
“What security system?”
“I can’t tell you that.  It’s a secret.”  He grinned.
“Probably a bunch of guard snakes,” she muttered uneasily.  “We didn’t see or hear any snakes when we hiked into this place.”
“Just lucky, I guess,” he said.  “They must have been napping.”
“Don’t you think someone is going to spot that helicopter you left parked out there?” she gestured aimlessly into the night.
“Someone might,” he agreed.  “When the sun comes up.”
“And you’re not worried about that?”
“Not at the moment.”
“Seriously?  I’d be worried.  I am worried.”
“You needn’t be.”
“What day is it?” she asked.
“What?”
“What day is it?”
Hamilton leaned back. “You know what you should do?’
“What?”
“Make a list of all your questions.  I’ll look them over as soon as I have a chance and give you some answers later.”
“The only reason I’m asking is because I’m sure people are wondering where I am.  Especially my boss, Mrs. Tillery.”  She lied.  “It isn’t like me to not show up for work.”
“I don’t have an answer for that question, sorry.”
Frustrated and angry, she stomped back inside the trailer, slamming the door and locking it.  “What are you going to do to me!”
The door rattled.  “I have a key, you know.”  Hamilton opened the door and stepped inside.
Tears cascaded down her cheeks as she backed up.  “You’re going to kill me, aren’t you?”
“I have no intention of killing you.”
“Yes you are!  You’ve been taunting me and breaking me down so you can...”
“Samantha!”  He reached for her.
“Don’t touch me!  Please... don’t hurt me.”
“I’m not going to hurt you!  I told you... I am protecting you.  Your life is in danger.”
She stared at him.  “Danger!  But why?”  She tried to catch her breath between sobs.  “How?  What have I done that was so bad that someone would want to hurt me?  I’m nobody.  I’m just an old, divorced, administrative assistant.”
“I don’t know why,” he said then pulled out his phone.  “If I showed you some photos of people who might be involved in this, you think you might be able to identify someone?  Did you actually see anyone that you can remember?”
“I don’t know.  I don’t remember!”
“Let’s try.  Just take a look and let me know if anyone looks even a little bit familiar.  It might help me know what to do next.  It might even help me answer some of your questions.”
Holding up his phone he showed her several photos of men and one woman.  She shook her head at each one then stopped him.  “Go back,” she said.  “Him.  He looks familiar.  He...” she started to say something then shook her head.  “I don’t know.”
“What?  What was it about him?”
She let out a sigh, “I... I’m trying to remember something.”  She closed her eyes.  “Wait.  Wait!  I was with my friend... Betty!  Yes, Betty!  She’s my friend!  We... just had dinner!” she struggled to remember.  “Yes.  Dinner at... but then we...”  She shook her head again.  “This is so frustrating!”
“That’s okay.  You’re beginning to remember.  Just relax.  Don’t try to force anything.”  Hamilton gently took her hand.  “Come sit down and close your eyes.  Just let your thoughts wander.”
Samantha sat on the edge of the bed and did what he said.  He sat next to her and put his arm around her.
“Lean against me and relax.”
Samantha began to cry again.  “I just want to go home and forget about all of this.”
“I know.  And I will do my best to get you home somehow as soon as I know who you are and where you live.”  He gave her a gentle squeeze.  “Are you sure your name is Samantha?”
“Well, yes...” she began.  “Because you keep calling me Samantha.  I thought you knew my name.”
“Only that someone else said your name was Samantha, but you’ve not really confirmed that.  So are you sure?”
She closed her eyes.  “Yes.  It feels right.”
“Okay.  Good.  And you mentioned your friend.”
“Betty.  Yes.”  Samantha’s eyes got big.  “My best friend.  She’s my best friend!”
“Now we’re getting somewhere,” Hamilton said.
“I live...” she began. “I live... in a hotel?  Or... maybe I was visiting someplace and staying in a hotel... with my friend Betty!”  She stood up.  “We were...”
“What’s Betty’s last name?” Hamilton asked quickly.
“Johnson,” she said then stared at him.  “Wait.  Why would I remember her first and last name and not my own?”
“You never know which memories will be triggered first.”
“Betty Johnson.”  She sighed again. “I’m tired.  I just want to lie down.”
“Okay.”  Hamilton helped her back into her sleeping bag.  “Try to sleep.  I’ll finish up and be in soon.”  Stepping outside, he paused to look at the photo Samantha seemed most interested in.  “Dirk,” he said.
Hamilton sat down to finished some calculations and a flight plan.  He started to put things away when he heard Samantha scream.  Dashing inside the trailer he found her sitting up in a panic.
“What happened?” he asked.
“I was dreaming again and then all of a sudden I saw this man and he put a cloth over my mouth and nose and I thought I was going to suffocate and I struggled and wanted to scream but...”  She wiped tears from her face.
“Okay.  You’re safe.  It was a dream, but what else can you remember?”
“I... was in an elevator with Betty.”  Samantha said.  “Yes.  In an elevator and we stopped at our floor... and Betty got off.”  She stared at the floor.  “Okay... okay... and there was another couple!  They got off and I was getting ready to when this other man grabbed my arm and shoved a cloth over my face!  I remember!  Where is that photo?” she asked excitedly.
Hamilton pulled out his phone and found the photo of Dirk.
“Yes!  That’s the man!  I remember he hurried to get on the elevator just as the doors were closing.  He wanted to go to the floor above ours.”  She looked at Hamilton, “Brad?  Do you know him?”
“I know who he is,” he nodded.
She shook her head.  “But I’ve never seen him before so why would he want to kidnap me?”
“He was acting on orders from someone else and that’s the person we need to find.”
“We do?”
“Well, I do.”
“So who are the other people you showed me?”
Hamilton named each one, including Carolyn and Gerald Allensby.”
Samantha stiffened.  “Who did you say he was?” she asked pointing.
“Gerald Allensby.”
“He’s a movie person, isn’t he?”
Hamilton nodded.  “Yes.  A producer.”
She stared at the photo.  “Didn’t he produce Hunter Blake’s last movie?”
“He did. Why?”
She shrugged.  “I guess because I got to meet Hunter Blake not long ago, believe it or not, and I remember now, that during the CAMEO awards Hunter Blake mentioned him.”
“Where did you meet Hunter Blake?” Hamilton asked.
“At a friend’s home... for dinner.  Well actually,” she giggled.  “I can’t believe I’m remembering all of this now but, I ran into him at the Home Center in Coeur d’Alene first.  She giggled again.  “I remember.  It was an accident.  I didn’t even notice him at first.  ‘Hit and run, aisle nine.”  She giggled again then noticed Hamilton’s expression.  “Never mind.”
“Who are the friends?”
“Why does that matter?” she asked.
“It might help me find out where you belong.”
“Coeur d’Alene,” she said, still staring at Gerald Allensby’s photo.  Then she gasped and her eyes lit up.  “I live in Coeur d’Alene!”
“Okay.  Now we’re getting somewhere.  Look at this photo again,” he said showing her the one of the man she thought she recognized in the elevator.  “Still unsure?”
Samantha involuntarily shuddered.  “It was him.  I remember feeling creepy when he ran into the elevator at the last minute.  He didn’t say anything to anyone, not even ‘excuse me.’  Just pushed the button for the floor above ours and stood in back behind us.”  She shuddered again.  “Once I looked around at him but he just glared at me.  I could hardly wait to get off the elevator and was annoyed that the couple pushed ahead of me.”
“They did?”
“Yes.  They were rude.”
“Or...” he began, “they were supposed to distract your friend long enough for Dirk to take care of you.”
“That’s his name?  Is he on a most wanted list or something?  How do you know him?  In fact, why do you have pictures of all those people on your phone?”
“It’s part of my job and as for Dirk... I’ve worked with him before.”  Hamilton put his phone away.  “What else can you remember?”
Samantha stared at him.  “Nothing.”  She lied again. “That’s about it.  I’m still really tired.  I think I want to lie down again.”
“Okay.”  Hamilton eyed her curiously.  “Are you okay?  You sure you can’t remember anything else?”
“I’m fine and no, I can’t remember anything else right now.  Maybe in the morning I will.”  She scooted back into her sleeping bag and Hamilton helped zip it up part way.
“I was just going to have some of that orange drink stuff we had earlier,” he said.  “You want some?  The air is pretty dry out here.  A sip of something might feel good going down.”
“I guess so,” she said.
Hamilton mixed up the powered drink.  “I know you’re not happy here.  I know you’re having a hard time trusting me, but you don’t have anyone else at the moment.”
“I feel like a prisoner.”
“Think of it more as protective custody.”
Samantha stared at the ceiling of their tiny shelter.  “He said he was going to kill me.”
“He what?” Hamilton asked turning around.
“Said he would kill me if I tried to scream.  That was just before I passed out.”
“He won’t kill you.”
“How do you know?  He could be tracking us right now.”
“He isn’t.”
Samantha frowned.  “How do you know that?”
“Because he’s dead.”
“Dead?”  She was startled.
“Yes.  I killed him.”
She struggled to sit up and pressed herself against the wall.  “And you expect me to trust you?”
“He shot at me first.  I was defending myself,” Hamilton said.
“Did he tell you where to find me?”
“No.  But someone else did... someone else he shot, who is also dead now, but who wanted me to help you.  His name was Randy and that was the last thing he said before he died.  He told me where I could find you and told me your name.” 
Hamilton reached for her hand.  “I will do everything I can to protect and help you.  I know you’re upset and confused.  I can’t help that.  And I know that trusting me is asking a lot because you’re right, you don’t know me, and yes, I killed someone, and to be honest, he isn’t the first, but I am trying to help.  I suspect the people who took you intended to use you as bait and afterward, I seriously doubt they would have let you go, especially if you could identify Dirk.”
“Bait?” She looked at him.  “Bait for what?”
“To catch someone else.”
“Who!”
“You let me worry about that.”  He gently pulled a stray hair away from her face.  “Here.  Drink your juice and try to get more sleep.  You’ll feel better tomorrow.”
Samantha let out a tired sigh, and wiped her face.  “I suppose.”  She stared out the side window next to the bed into the darkness as she took a sip.  “Why not put some poison in it while you’re at it?  Might improve the taste.”
Hamilton chuckled and waited for her to finish then helped her get tucked in again.  He watched her for a moment then straightened up the galley.
“Did you really kill a snake today?” she asked, “Or did you say that to make me believe you did just so I wouldn’t wander off or run away?”
“Why would you run away?  You love it here.”
She yawned.  “Yeah.  Love it.  I’m just your prisoner now, like I was at that other place.  And if anyone thinks they can negotiate some kind of a deal using me, they can forget it.  I’m not worth anything.  Not much bargaining value in someone who asks too many questions.”  She yawned again and her eyelids drooped.  “Are you going to sleep too?”
“I’ll join you in a few minutes.”  He sat down at the small dinette and waited until he could hear the sound of soft breathing.  Getting up, he stepped over to the bed and watched her, waiting, gently stroking her forehead.  “Just sleep, sweet Samantha.  Just sleep.”


Chapter Fifteen
 “Enjoy your plane ride?” Vera asked with a smile as Joe and Hunter walked into the kitchen.
“Sure did,” Joe said with a big grin.  “I’m glad the fog finally lifted long enough this afternoon for us to go up.  He even let me take the yoke for a spell.  I ain’t never flown a jet before!  Felt real good.  Real good.”  Joe was grinning ear to ear.  “How long were we gone anyway?”
“A couple of hours,” Hunter said.  “Saw a lot of countryside.”
“We sure did!”
“I’m glad dear,” Vera said.  “I have supper ready if you’re hungry.”
Both men washed up at the sink then sat down to enjoy pot roast, mashed potatoes, steamed vegetables, and fruit salad.
“Where’s Janet?” Hunter asked.  “And Brian?”
“I’m not sure where that young man went off to, but Janet wanted to lie down for a while.  I think she’s still pretty tired from all that gallivanting around.  That was quite a story you both told.”
“Yes, well we just shared some of the highlights.  I worry about saying too much, mostly because I still don’t understand what’s going on,” he said, “and I don’t want the two of you pulled into this mess any more than necessary.”  Hunter took bite and sat back.  “This is really good.  Thanks.”
“Eat up.  There’s plenty more,” she said.
Conversation was light and centered on the afternoon flight Joe and Hunter had taken.  Although not a flying enthusiast herself, Vera was happy that Joe had a good time then noticed Hunter’s plate was nearly empty.  “Have some more pot roast,” she said.
“Oh, no thanks.  It tasted great but I’m full.”  He pushed back from the table and stood up.  “Has she been sleeping long?” he asked.
“About an hour or so, maybe a little longer,” Vera replied.
“Maybe I’ll go check on her.”  Hunter excused himself and made his way down the hall to Janet’s room
Joe watched him leave the kitchen.  “He’s more fond of that young thing than he lets on,” he said. 
“Yes,” Vera agreed, “but I think it’s more a sense of protection.  He is old enough to be her father, you know.”
Pausing at Janet’s bedroom door, Hunter started to knock then thought he could hear her crying.  Stepping away, he went back to the living room to sit down.
Buster was napping in front of the fire, but raised up long enough to notice his master and cocked his head to one side.
“You like it here?” Hunter asked.  Buster walked over to Hunter and curled up at his feet.  “You miss chasing squirrels, I’ll bet.”
Buster looked at Hunter quizzically and stood up whimpering.  Resting his chin on Hunter’s knee he watched his master expectantly.
“I’m sorry about all of this, pal,” Hunter said.  He stroked Buster. “I wish I could turn back the clock and make it all go away.”
A door squeaked softly down the hall.  Janet walked into the living room and sat down in an adjacent chair.  He could see the puffiness and redness around her eyes.  “You okay?” he asked.
“Sure.  I was just tired.  So, did you enjoy your flight with Joe?” she asked, attempting to sound upbeat.
“Yes.  He really loves being up there.”
“So how long do you think we’ll have to stay here?” she asked.  “Not that I mind it.  Joe and Vera have been so nice to us.”
“I don’t know.  Joe and I talked about it.  He says we can stay as long as we want to.  But I still need answers.  Sitting around here won’t get us any.”
Janet nodded.  “I miss my mom,” she said.  “She’s dead, you know.  She was my best friend, in a lot of ways.  I could always talk to her about things.  I don’t have anyone to talk to anymore.”  She shrugged.
“You can talk to me, if it would help.  I may not have any answers, but I can still listen,” he said taking a cue from Joe.  Hunter inhaled deeply and let it out slow.  “I wish I could do something to make it all better for you.  I honestly don’t know what to do, but I think I’m going to take a chance and call someone, but not from here.  I don’t want anyone showing up here unexpectedly for any reason.”
Janet frowned at him.  “How would anyone know where we are?”
“Our phones, remember?  If we use them.  He stared at the fire.  “Just like Brian said, speaking of which, where is he?”
“I don’t know.  He was here earlier, when I decided to take a nap.”
Hunter looked at the front door.  “Joe and I came back because it was getting late and we could see the fog bank hanging off the coast about five miles out.  It’ll come rolling in here again pretty soon.”  He stood up.  “So, if we’re staying, that’s not a problem, but if we think we should leave, then the sooner the better.  I need to find Brian.”
Janet stretched and tried to shake off some stiffness.  “You might check with Vera.”  She looked toward the kitchen.  “I’m hungry and something smells good.”
“Go eat.  I’ll look for Brian.”
Janet headed for the kitchen just as Joe came out.  “Help yourself to some supper, young lady.  There’s plenty.”  Janet smiled and thanked him as she disappeared into the kitchen.  
Hunter looked at Joe.  “You seen Brian?”
“Not since we got back.  Vera said she hadn’t seen him for a while either.”  He looked at Hunter.
“That doesn’t sound good,” Hunter said with concern.”  He walked into the kitchen.
Hunter stood for a moment then asked Vera, “So, did Brian say where he was going?”
“Well... he might have said something about taking a walk around,” she replied.  “But to be honest, I don’t remember for sure.  I was busy getting things ready for supper.”
Hunter stood quietly thinking then looked at Joe.  “Is there any way you can disable your runway lights?”
“Sure.  But why?”
“Just an uneasy feeling, that’s all.”
“Oh, I getcha,” Joe said with a nod.  “I’ll be right back.”  He headed out the back door.
“What are you thinking?” Vera asked.
“That you don’t need any unexpected visitors,” Hunter said.
Joe was back.  “All set.”
“Good.  You know... I’m beginning to think maybe Janet and I should get our things together and take off before that fog bank gets here.”
“What about your friend Brian?” Vera asked.
“If he doesn’t show up in the next fifteen minutes, we’re out of here and the two of you need to keep watch and stay alert.”
Joe rubbed the top of his head.  “Maybe it’s time Vera and me took a little vacation.”  He reached for his wife’s hand.
Hunter nodded thoughtfully.  “You know, that sounds like an even better idea.”  He glanced around.  “You have a flashlight handy?”
“Sure thing,” Joe said.  “I’ll get it.”
“I want to check around.”
“I catch your drift.  Let’s go.”
Confused, Vera simply watched them go outside then sat down with Janet at the kitchen.  “Those two are up to something,” she said.
“I wonder what, though?”  Janet stared at the back door for a moment then finished her meal.  “Let me help you clean up,” she said to Vera.  They had just finished the dishes when the men burst back through the door.
“We’re leaving!” Hunter said emphatically.  “Get your things.”
“You too, sweetheart,” Joe said.  “No time to waste.”  He and Vera hurried to their bedroom to pack a few things.  In the meantime, Hunter doused the fire in the fireplace as Janet grabbed her bag and put on her shoes.
“What happened?” she asked.
“We found Brian’s bloody shirt and that bulletproof vest out back in the trash can.”
“What?”
“We’re all leaving.  Brian either bugged out or someone got to him.  And I don’t see anything else of his lying around.”
“He really didn’t have anything other than the clothes he was wearing,” Janet said.
“Yeah... except that bloody shirt and vest,” Hunter said.
Joe and Vera joined them in the living room.  “All set,” Joe said then took his wife’s hand.  “We’ll be okay, darlin’.  Just a quick trip.”
Janet was concerned, noticing the look on Vera’s face.  “Are you okay, Vera?”
“She don’t like to fly all that much,” Joe explained.  “Especially in little planes.”
“Are we all going together?” Janet asked.
“No.  Joe and Vera need to stay as far away from us as possible,” Hunter said.  “Joe’s going to use his plane.”  He looked at him. “You mind taking Buster with you?  It’s just temporary, but I think it might be best for now.”
Joe nodded.  “I’ll be happy to take care of him for you, son.”
“He’s a good guard dog, too.”
Janet looked at Vera.  “It’s going to be okay.  Just keep your eyes closed.  And Buster, will be right there with you.  He’s a good flyer.”
Vera nodded nervously. “Okay, honey.  If you say so.”
Janet gave her a big hug.  “You’ve been so kind letting us stay here.  I hope we get to see each other again.”
“Me too, Janet, me too,” Vera said with a warm smile.  “You’ve been a joy to have as guests.”
“A joy?” Janet giggled.
“Yes.  And I mean that!” Vera was adamant.  “We don’t have much excitement around here and having both of you here has been... well... exciting.”
“Then keep those exciting thoughts as you fly away on your vacation.  It’s just another part of the excitement.  Think of it as an adventure!”
Vera shook her head.  “I won’t go that far,” she said but smiled and hugged Janet one more time.  “You both take care.”
“And be mighty careful,” Joe chimed in.  Grabbing their things, everyone headed for the airstrip with Buster leading the way.
Hunter stowed his gear in the tail section of the jet and secured it then went over to help Joe and Vera.  “When was the last time you flew your rig?” he asked.
“About a month ago.  She took to the air right nice.”
Hunter called for Buster.  “Let’s get going!”
Buster ran straight to Hunter.  “Okay, pal.  You’re going with Joe and Vera.  You can help protect them.  But it’s only for a short while.  You have to be a good boy, you understand?”
Buster wagged his tail.
“Okay.  Let me help you onboard.”  Hunter scooped Buster up and helped him into the plane.  “Get in there.  That’s a good boy.”  Hunter gave him a good ear rub then turned to Joe and shook his hand.  “Thanks, Uncle Joe.”
“And thank you, son.  But we have to stop meeting this way.  Next time, let’s do it for pleasure.”
“Agreed.  You be careful up there.”
“I will,” Joe replied.  “I think we’ll head east.  I know a place we can go and stay for a while.”
“Good.  I think we’ll head south and see what we can find.”  Both men embraced tightly.
“Try not to be a stranger,” Joe teased.
“I won’t.  Besides, I have to get my dog back.  Safe trip.”
Janet was already onboard the jet and belted into the copilot seat.  Hunter performed a quick preflight then hurried to get his engines started.  “I sure as hell hope Brian didn’t do anything to either of these planes to cause any trouble.”
“I just hope he’s okay,” she said.
Hunter was surprised.  “I didn’t think you liked him.”
“He wasn’t that bad,” she said.  “Once I got to know him a little better.”
“Whatever.”  Hunter waited for each engine to start and warm up.  Joe in the meantime, was lined up and ready to go.  Giving his plane some throttle, it wasn’t long before he was airborne, banking around to the east.
Hunter taxied to the threshold and set up for his own takeoff.  Moments later they raced down the airstrip and lifted off into the onshore breeze climbing above the trees and toward the Pacific Ocean.  The fog was about a mile out coming in as a massive gray roll swallowing everything in its path. 
Janet shivered involuntarily.  “That is so creepy looking.”
“I know but it will be a great cover for us,” Hunter said, heading straight for it.
“Wait!  You’re not going to fly into that are you?” She panicked.
“We’ll be fine,” Hunter said.
“But...”
“Trust me.  I know what I’m doing.”  He veered to the south and almost immediately they were enshrouded in the swirling gray mass.  He maintained his heading for another five miles then banked west and finally north.
“I don’t like this,” Janet said.  “What if we run into something!”
“We’re over the ocean,” Hunter replied with a chuckle, “and climbing.  We’ll clear this stuff in a few minutes.”
“How long will we be over the ocean?” she asked, her eyes closed tight.
“A short while.  We’re about twenty miles out and almost out of this stuff.  You can open your eyes now.”
Janet opened one eye cautiously then the other.  “Where’s the fog?” she asked.
“Far below us.”
She looked out her window and down.  “Where are we going?”
“I told Joe we were heading south, but instead we’re going due north to Canada.  I hope you brought your passport.”
“I always carry it.”
“Travel a lot, do you?”
Janet nodded.  “Yes, as a matter of fact.  I’ve been to Mexico twice, Europe last summer, and Australia the summer before that.”
Hunter looked at her.
“It was for business,” she explained.
“Business.”
“Yes, for Mr. Allensby.”
“What kind of business?”
She eyed him with a smirk.  “I know what you’re thinking but I accompanied location scouting teams for some films he was producing.  He thought it would be good experience for me to see that side of the business.”
“I see,” he said.  “So, which films?”
“I don’t know.  We were given specific types of locations to look for and told to take a lot of pictures, both from the air and on the ground.  That sort of thing.  It was all up-and-up.  Nothing scandalous or illegal.”
“Mmm-hmm.”
She stared at him.  “You don’t believe me.”
“I believe you.  What’s not to believe?  Location scouts do that type of thing all the time.  I just wondered if you knew what any of the films were about, that’s all.”
Janet sat quietly looking out the window, muttering something under her breath.
“You say something?” he asked.  “I’m not accusing you of anything.  It was business.  I get that.  It’s just... now with all of this stuff I wonder what kind of business, that’s all.”
She continued to stare out her window.  “I wasn’t doing anything illegal.”
“I didn’t say you were,” Hunter replied.
“No, but you were thinking it.”
“I don’t think you did anything wrong.  I’m not even saying the rest of the team did.”
“But you were thinking it,” she said.
Frustrated, Hunter maintained his heading as they flew in silence toward Vancouver Island.  There wasn’t much to see other than stars here and there visible through a higher, but thinner cloud cover.  Hunter finally announced they were back over land, and reached for a switch.
“I’ve started our descent.  It won’t be long now,” he said.  We’re almost there.”
“Can you land in the fog?” she asked anxiously as the plane slipped back into the dark mass.
“Yes, of course we can, if it’s not too bad at ground level.”
“But how will you know if you can’t see anything?” she asked.
“I’m going contact the tower and in just a minute they’ll let us know if the visibility at ground level is adequate to land.  I’ll use my instruments.  We’ll watch for the airport beacon and runway lights as we get closer.  You can help with that.  We’ll probably see the beacon light flashing white and green before we get a glimpse of the runway lights.”
“Okay,” Janet said, watching steadily.
Hunter contacted the tower and got the go ahead to proceed.  Soon the fog layer seemed to glow ahead from the lights of the towns of Courtenay and Comox.  Moments later Janet was elated and pointed, “There!  Is that it?”
“Yes it is!” Hunter was equally pleased.  “Here we go.”  He received permission from the tower to land then came around and lined up using the now visible but fuzzy looking runway lights as a guide.  With skill, he brought the aircraft safely down and taxied to a place to park.
“Okay.  We’re here,” he said exhaling loudly.
“Where is here?” she asked.
“British Columbia.  Vancouver Island, actually.”
“Really?  We’re in Canada.  That didn’t take very long.”
Hunter grinned.
“Now what?” she asked.
“We need to get a place for the night, which means renting a car, but we’ll have to go through customs first.  Have your passport ready.”  Hunter retrieved his bag from the cargo space in the tail section then escorted Janet to the main terminal and the customs counter.  They only needed to answer a few questions, explaining they were on a quick getaway for a couple of days.  
Although Hunter worried about any possible news stories that may have alerted the Canadian officials to detain them, everything went smoothly and without a hitch, much to his surprise.  He then arranged for a rental car and soon they were headed for Courtenay.
“I know a place we can stay,” he said.  “It’s pretty secluded so we shouldn’t have any problems.  I just hope they have a vacancy.”
Once in town, he made a quick stop and purchased two prepaid phones.  Back in the car, he handed one to Janet.  “It may come in handy,” he said.
Half an hour later they pulled off the main road onto a narrow tree-lined lane.  Soon they pulled up to a large Tudor style home south of town.  A sign outside the front gate read Inn by the Sea.  Hunter found a place to park in a graveled area off to one side of the entrance.  Two other cars were parked in front of the main house.  One of them belonged to the Inn, clearly identified by a logo, and the other likely belonged to a guest.
Janet was delighted.  “This is lovely.  How did you know about it?” she asked then quickly added, “Never mind.  I don’t think I want to know.”
Hunter laughed.  “I’ve stayed here before, by myself if you must know... on occasion.”
“Yes, well it’s those other occasions I don’t want to know about.”
He unbuckled his seat belt and started to step out of the car.  “Maybe you should wait here.”
“Good idea.  Wouldn’t want to sully your reputation any.” He looked at her quizzically.  “I’m just teasing” she said but gave him a look anyway.
Hunter went inside to check on a possible vacancy.  Soon he was back.  “We’re in luck.  They have a cottage available with two bedrooms.”
“Good,” she said. “Did anyone ask about you and everything that’s been happening?”
“Not really.  The owner’s wife said she was glad to see I was okay and back for a visit, though,” he said.  “Come on.  It’s in back.”  He grabbed his bag and guided Janet toward an ornamental side gate that led to a cobbled path to the back.  Three small cottages rimmed the perimeter of a spacious back yard of manicured lawn and flower beds.  Behind those were dense woods beyond which was the Strait of Georgia.  Noting the number on the key, Hunter located their cottage situated between the other two.
“Nice,” Janet said as Hunter turned on a small table lamp.  “So which room is mine?”
“Take your pick,” he said.
Janet chose one and stepped inside to look around then came back out.  “How much clothing did you bring?”
“Clothing?  Why?”
“I just wondered if you had an extra shirt I could use to sleep in, that’s all.”
With a sly grin he laughed. “I think I can find something that might fit.” 
“Very funny.”  Janet said as he dug around in his bag finally pulling out a T-shirt.  “Will this do?”  He tossed it to her.
“Yes, thank you.”  Disappearing into her room, she closed her door and set the lock.  “Good night!” she called out.
“Already?  It’s still early.  Aren’t you hungry for a snack or something?” he called back.  “They said we could get a bite to eat if we wanted.”
Janet opened her door.  “Eat?  I guess I am a little hungry, even though I ate a nice meal at Joe and Vera’s.”
Pulling on her lightweight jacked she accompanied Hunter back to the main house where they were kindly escorted to the dining room.  All the décor and furnishings complemented the stately home.
It was owned and operated by a retired couple, the McKinney’s, who had decided to retire in Canada, having originally come from Scotland years ago. Hunter and Janet were provided a light meal of chicken salad sandwiches and some cut up fruit prepared by Mrs. McKinney.
“You have many guests staying here?” Hunter asked her.
“No,” she responded in her delightful accent.  “Just you folks and one other couple from Montreal is all.  It’s still a little early for the tourist season.  We usually fill up nearly every night during the summer months.”  She smiled.  “It’s nice of you to come stay with us again, especially with everything we’ve been hearing in the news.”
“So you have heard,” he said.
“Aye.  But it’s none of our business.  We can’t, for one minute, believe you’ve done anything wrong.”
“Thanks.  We just needed a place to relax and enjoy some peace and quiet,” he said.  “Besides, Janet and I have been working on a project and needed to scout out some locations.  I think I want to try my hand at either directing or producing a film.”
“That sounds exciting,” Mrs. McKinney said with a smile, her eyes wide.
“Janet has previous experience as a location scout so I wanted her opinion about some things.  I’m not all that familiar with the behind the scenes stuff.”
“Is there anything in particular you are looking for?” she asked.
“Your inn, to start with,” he said.  “Aside from wanting to get away, that’s one of the reasons I wanted to bring her here, so she could see for herself.  I’m not all that good at describing things.”
“Well, dear,” she addressed Janet, “what do you think so far?”
“It’s beautiful.  I love how you’ve maintained a sense of tradition and culture with your place.  I feel like I’ve stepped into a whole different era.  It’s wonderful.”
“I am so pleased!” Mrs. McKinney oozed.  “So pleased.  I’ll have to tell my husband.  Well, you both enjoy your meal.  I’ll leave you alone.”
Hunter looked at Janet and grinned once Mrs. McKinney had returned to the kitchen.  “You handled that very well,” he said.
“Thank you, and a nice improvisation yourself by the way... location scouting, huh?”
“I’ll have to ask her to keep it quiet, though.  Don’t want the whole town expecting us to do a shoot here.”
“Then you’d better hurry.  I’ll bet she’s on the phone already!”  Janet giggled.
Hunter got up to find Mrs. McKinney.  Soon he was back.  He chuckled as he sat down.  “You were right.  She was on the phone dialing a number, and a little embarrassed but seemed to understand my concerns.”
“Good.”  Janet let out a sigh.  “So what’s next?”
“I don’t know.  I was thinking about that a while back.  I’m tempted to call my attorney, Frank.  He’s helped me out of a couple of other jams recently.  He might have some ideas.”
“Can you trust him?”
“About as much as I can trust you,” he said.
She made a face.  “I miss Buster,” she said taking another bite.
“Me too,” Hunter agreed.  “I hope he’s going to be okay.”
“He will.  He seemed to really like Joe.”
“Yeah.”  Hunter nodded.  “I just hope he doesn’t like him too much.”
Janet laughed then put down her fork.  “I think I’m full.  And I’m really tired.”
“Me too,” Hunter agreed.
Mrs. McKinney stepped into the room.  “How are you both doing?”
“Very good.  Great meal,” Hunter said then pushed back his chair.  “We’re going to head back to our cottage.  Thanks again, and remember our little secret.” He helped Janet to her feet.
“Mum’s the word,” Mrs. McKinney said.
Strolling quietly together along the cobbled path, Hunter had his arm around Janet as she shivered in the chill of the foggy night air.
“I hope no one’s watching us at the moment,” she said.
“Why?”
“I don’t want anyone to get the idea that we’re an item,” she said.
“Why would they?”
Janet gave him a look.  “You know Hunter, sometimes I think you are very naive.”
He took his arm away.  “I was just trying to help you stay warm.”
“I know that, and you know that, but someone else would come to a different conclusion, I’m sure.  Let’s just get inside where it’s warmer.  I wish could go home and warm up.”
“I know.  I wish you could too.”
Hunter unlocked the door to their cottage and waited for Janet to step inside.
“Okay if I turn on the television for a few minutes?” she asked.
“Sure.  I need to take a shower.  I’ll join you in a little while.  Maybe you can check the news... see what’s happening.”
“Okay.  I’ll see what I can find.”
Settling on the couch, she began flipping through available stations, trying to locate one that was broadcasting news stories.  She paused at one waiting until the commercial ended.   Pleased it was a late night news program, she listened to the announcer offer a couple of short stories of local events before moving on to international news.
Suddenly she sat up straight and stared.  In a panic, she jumped up and banged on Hunter’s bedroom door.  “Hunter!” she yelled to him.  “Come out here!  Quick!”
Hunter hurried out to the living room holding onto a towel wrapped around his hips.  “What!”
“Look!” she said, pointing to the television screen. 
News footage showed a police investigation of a crime scene.  The superimposed caption told the story as the announcer gave more details.
“In international news, there are still no further details on the double homicide investigation of Hollywood film producer Gerald Allensby and his wife, Carolyn.  As previously reported, police received a 911 call from the Allensby estate very early this morning.  When they arrived on scene they found both victims had been fatally shot.  We’ll keep you updated as we learn more...”
Hunter stood frozen.  “Murdered?”  He stared at Janet in disbelief.  “Gerry and Carolyn?”
“Now I’m really scared, Hunter.  I’m really scared.”  Janet looked at him helplessly.  “Why would anyone kill Gerry?  Or his wife?  Do you think it has anything to do with that Arizona deal?  Do you think someone is going to try to kill us too?  What if we’re already being watched?”
“No one knows we’re here... at least not yet.”
“Unless Mrs. Jensen goes ahead and tells a few people anyway,” Janet said.
“Yeah.  Unless she does that.”  He stared at the television.
“Are you still going to call your attorney?”
“I think I’d better.  Just in case.  I don’t want anyone thinking I had anything to do with that!”  He pointed at the television.  “See what else you can find.” he said.  “I think I’ll skip the shower and get dressed again then I’ll make the call.  I’ll use the room phone, though.”
“Wait!” she said.  “If he has caller ID, he’ll see the area code which will be a dead giveaway.”
“You’re right,” he conceded, “but the new burner phones will have the same area code.  We’ll just have to take that chance.”  He went back to his room and quickly dressed then returned to make the call while Janet continued flipping through channels.
“Bradley,” a voice answered.
“Frank.  It’s me... I... uh...”
“Hunter!  Where are you?  I’ve been trying to get a hold of you.  Where are you?  Are you okay?”
“Yeah, we’re fine just a little nervous, though, about a news story we just saw.”
“The Allensby’s?”
“Yeah.  What the hell happened?  Who killed them and why?”
“Don’t have any answers yet,” Frank said.  “So, where are you?” he asked again.
“Safe... for now.”
“You said, we.  Who’s with you?” Frank asked.
“Janet.  Gerry’s personal assistant... or former assistant I guess I should say.”  He paused.  “Hey, uh... I think we could use some help.  I just don’t know what kind of help.”
“For starters, where are you?” Frank pressed him.
Hunter glanced at Janet who was focused on another news station.  “I’m just nervous about disclosing where we are in case someone is listening.”
“If someone is, by now they’ve narrowed it down.  Only takes a couple of minutes these days.”
“I guess.”
Frank was impatient.  “Tell me where you are so I can figure out a way to help you.”
“Okay.  Fine.  We’re in Canada.”
“Canada.”
“Yeah.”
“Where, exactly, in Canada?”
“Vancouver Island.  Courtenay.”
“At the Inn?” Frank asked.
“That’s right.”
“Okay, good.  How can I reach you?”
“I guess you can call our room number.  Hold on a second.”  Hunter read it to Frank then asked, “When should I expect to hear from you?”
“A few hours.  For sure by morning,” Frank said.  “Just stay put until you hear from me.”
“Okay, we will.  And Frank?  Thanks.”
“Not a problem,” Frank replied and hung up.
Hunter joined Janet on the couch.  “Anything else?”
“Not much, but it sounds like they were at home and alone.  Carolyn was found dead in the hot tub outside... naked, and Gerry was found inside on the kitchen floor.  They were both shot.”
Hunter leaned back and put his arm about Janet, pulling her in close.  “This isn’t good.  Other than the Arizona hand-off gone bad, I would have never expected something like this.  I mean, they must have had something to do with the Arizona thing, obviously, but to end up murdered?”
Janet put her head on his shoulder.  “I can’t believe it.  Mr. Allensby was quirky at times and very paranoid, as you well know, but he seemed so nice the rest of the time.  I didn’t like his wife, though.  I always thought she was up to no good.”
“Carolyn?” he asked.  “I don’t know.” He rested his head on top of Janet’s.  “Did Gerry ever have any unusual visitors?  Anyone that didn’t seem connected to the film industry?”
“I don’t know,” she said.  “As far as I was concerned, lots of people in the movie business seem unusual one way or another.”
Hunter let out a laugh. “Yeah, I guess, but you don’t remember seeing anyone who didn’t seem to fit with the movie business, as you put it?”
Janet shook her head as they continued to watch the news which had moved onto sports.  “I feel so out of touch with everything, even though it’s only been a couple of days.”  She sat up.  “Can you believe all of this has happened in just a couple of days?”
“No,” he said, “but I guess we have to because it did.”
“But we’ve been all over the place.”  She put her head back on his shoulder.  “I don’t think I’ve ever been this stressed or frightened ever before in my whole entire life... well except maybe for one other time.”
Hunter grinned.  “Your whole entire life?”  He chuckled.  “And that would be how many years?”
“Stop it!  You know what I mean.”
“Yes... I do.  I’m stressed and scared too, to be honest.”  He smiled at her and she looked up into his eyes.  Slowly, they leaned in closer.  The kiss was tender and she succumbed with little effort.  He finally released her.
“You want some company tonight?” she asked.
He looked into her eyes for a long moment.  “I don’t think that would be a good idea, not that it isn’t a tempting thought, but...”
“No.  That’s okay,” she replied quickly standing up.  “I understand.  I shouldn’t have asked.  I think I’ll go to bed now.  Thanks for loaning me the T-shirt.”
“Anytime,” he said watching her go to her room and closed the door quietly.  He heard a faint click then turned off the television and got up to turn off lights.  Standing at the front window in the darkened room, he peeked out at the main house.  Light from one window on the second floor cast a faint glow on the lawn below then suddenly went out, throwing the yard into darkness.  The cloud cover added to the gloominess and a very slight breeze faintly rustled a wind chime hanging somewhere nearby.  A movement caught his eye then a smile creased his face as he barely caught sight of a cat trot into some shrubbery behind the house.
Exhausted from the past two days’ events, he welcomed sleep.  Heading for his own room, he closed and locked his own door then peeled down to his T-shirt and boxers before climbing into bed.  Pulling the covers up to his chin, he let out a tired sigh then rolled over and soon fell asleep.


Chapter Sixteen
A frantic tap at his door startled Hunter awake from a sound sleep.  He waited a moment trying to clear his head then heard the tapping again and Janet’s anxious voice.
“Hunter!” she whispered excitedly.
Still in his T-shirt and boxers, he climber out of bed and hurried to open his door.  “Something wrong?” he asked.
“I don’t know.  I heard something outside my window.”
He walked to the front window and parted the drapes slightly to look.  “What do you think you heard?”
“Just a sound of some kind but it didn’t sound right.  I thought I heard something in the bushes.”
Hunter went to her room and cautiously looked out her window.  The breeze had picked up tossing the tops of trees gently about as well as the wind chime.  “I don’t see anything,” he whispered.  “Maybe it was just the wind or a cat I saw earlier.”
“I suppose,” she said, still uneasy.
He was about to pull away when he noticed something moving out in the yard.  This time, however, it wasn’t a cat.  It looked like a man and he was staying close to the main house.  Hunter watched as he made his way toward the side gate then disappear from view.
He stepped back.  “Try to describe what you think you heard,” he said.
“I went into the bathroom to get a drink of water, but didn’t turn the light on.  Then I got back in bed.  That’s when I heard this... scraping sound or something.  It scared me.  I watched the window and thought I saw a shadow against the curtain, but that didn’t make sense because there’s not a lot of light out there.”  She paused.  “Did you see something just now?”
He looked at her thoughtfully.  “Yes.  Someone was skulking behind the house trying to stay in the shadows.  Whoever it was, headed to the front using the path and side gate.”
“Now I really am scared,” Janet said wrapping her arms around her torso.
“What time is it?” Hunter asked looking at his wrist.  “I left my watch next to the bed.”  He walked into the living room.  A clock on the wall over the television read three thirty.
Janet followed.  “What should we do?”
“If you’re still sleepy, go back to bed.  I’m going to get dressed and stay up until it gets light out.”
She shook her head.  “I’m too upset to go back to sleep.  I think I’ll get my clothes on and stay up with you.”
“Okay but keep the lights off.”
Janet hurried to dress, brought her few things out to the living room and handed Hunter his T-shirt.  He shoved it in his bag then walked to the front window again and parted the drapes to take another look.  A breeze was still tossing treetops and the wind chime.  On impulse he went to his bedroom.  Janet was right behind him and watched as he parted the curtains of a window facing the woods behind.
“Do you see something?” Janet whispered.
Hunter shook his head.  “No, but it would be real easy for someone to come onto the property through these trees.  There’s no fence between here and the narrow beach out there.”  He made sure the window was locked then went to Janet’s room and did the same. 
“Do you think we were followed somehow?”
“I don’t know,” he said walking back into the living room to sit down.  Janet sat next to him.  He draped his arm around her shoulders.  “I suppose someone could have managed to slip some kind of tracking device onto the plane.”
“Like... Brian maybe?”
“Possibly.”
“But how?” she asked.  “He didn’t have anything with him when he jumped onboard the plane in Arizona.” 
“He had pockets and tracking devices don’t necessarily have to be big to transmit a signal.  You know... it is possible that whole scene was exactly that.  A scene… staged to get him onboard the plane.
Janet put her head on Hunter’s shoulder.  “Now I think I don’t like him again.”
“Let’s not jump to conclusion just yet.  Even so, I’d sure like to know what happened to him.  Finding his bloodied shirt and vest was troubling, to say the least.”
“Yes... but why leave it where it could easily be found?”
“Another good question and I don’t have a good answer.”
“I wish Buster was here,” Janet said.  “He would have started barking if someone had been outside.”
Hunter kissed the top of her head.  “I know.  I miss him.  I hope he’s okay.”
“I’m sure he is.”  Janet fidgeting with her hands in her lap.  Hunter put his hand over hers.  “We’ll be okay.”
She nodded but a few stray tears crept down her cheeks which she wiped away then let out a sigh.  “I want to apologize,” she said.
“For what?”
“Last night.  For suggesting we...”
Hunter kissed the top of her head again.  “Don’t worry about that.  There was a time, a few years back I might have happily taken you up on that offer.  I’m changing, I guess.  Besides, I’m old enough to be your father.  It just didn’t seem right.  But that’s nothing against you.  I care about you and I’ll do everything I can to protect you.  You can count on that.”
She nodded but didn’t say anything, wiping her face again.
Hunter looked at the front window.  “It looks like it’s getting lighter out.  Things always seem better in the daylight.”  He’d barely spoken when there was a soft tap at their door.  Cautiously, he approached and looked through the peep hole then opened it and let Mr. McKinney in.  “What is it?” Hunter asked noticing the look of concern on his face.
“Don’t know for sure,” Mr. McKinney said in his soft Scottish brogue, “but Mildred and me thought you should know that this nice looking couple showed up in the wee hours this morning.  Right now they’re sitting in the dining room having breakfast,” he said.  “Woke us up, they did.”
Hunter frowned.  “Is that unusual?”
“Well... not necessarily,” he said rolling his ‘r’s, but they were asking about you and your young friend here.”
“Us?”
“Aye.”
“What do they look like?” Hunter asked.
“Like I said, nice looking.  Nicely dressed.”
“What are their names?”
“I heard the woman call him Zachary,” Mr. McKinney said, “but I didn’t catch her name.”
“Zachary,” Hunter repeated.
“Yes, and they said they wanted to surprise you and that I shouldn’t tell you they were here.”
“But you did anyway,” Hunter said.  “Why?” 
“Because they just walked right in the door and sat right down, like they owned the place” he said.  “That alone troubled me wife.”
“But that doesn’t explain why you’re telling us about them.”
“Oh, well, there’s just something about them Mildred doesn’t like.  And with all the news reports lately.  After all these years of being married to the woman, if she’s wary about something, I pay attention.  She has good instincts, I can tell you that.” 
Hunter smiled.  “I’m inclined to agree with your wife.”  He thought for a minute.  “Is there any way I could get a look at them, but without being seen?”
“Well... let me think,” Mr. McKinney said rubbing his chin.  “I suppose if you come through to the kitchen with me.  Ya might catch a glimpse through the dining room door cracked a wee bit.”
“Okay.  I’ll do that.”  He turned to Janet.  “You stay here.”
She nodded but with obvious concern.
“I’ll be fine,” he said, trying to reassure her.  “Just have everything ready.  We may have to leave in a hurry.”
Hunter accompanied Mr. McKinney to the back of the house and in through the kitchen door.  Mrs. McKinney was surprised to see them both but said nothing as Hunter crept to the dining room door.  The door swung either way, so he was able to push it open slightly.
A man and woman sat at a small table across the room.  He could see the man’s face but didn’t recognize him.  The woman was a brunette with her hair pulled up and sat with her back to the kitchen door.  They were chatting quietly.  Suddenly the woman let out a laugh at something the man had said.  Hunter bristled and stepped back.
Putting a finger to his lips, he quickly left the kitchen and ran back to the bungalow.  Janet pulled the door open for him and quickly closed it.
“What did you see?” she asked.
“A man I did not recognize.  The woman, however...”
“What?”
“I didn’t see her face and her hair was dark, but I know that laugh.”
“Who was it?”
“Let’s go!” he said.
“Hunter!  Who was it?” Janet demanded.
“Tiffany Miles.”
There was another light tap at the door.  Hunter and Janet both reacted with a start.  He pressed his fingers to his lips.  Janet nodded.  Taking a look, he quickly opened the door for Mr. McKinney, who stepped back inside.
“Did you recognize them?” he asked Hunter.
“Not sure, but can you keep them occupied for a while and away from the front windows?”
“Of course,” Mr. McKinney replied.
“Thanks.  Just keep them talking and eating until we can figure something out.”
“We surely will,” Mr. McKinney said then headed for the door.  Peeking out cautiously, he left and hurried across the back lawn to the kitchen door.  Hunter locked the door then parted the drapes to watch. Once Mr. McKinney was back inside, he grabbed his bag.  “Time to go.”
“It was Tiffany Miles?  The actress?” Janet said.
“Yeah, but I don’t know who the guy is.  Never seen him before.”
“Now what are we going to do?”
“Get out of here!” Hunter said.  “Come on!”
He hurried to his bedroom with Janet right behind him.  Opening the window he looked around then dropped his bag to the ground.  “I’ll climb out then help you.”  Soon they were making their way through the trees behind the cottages.
“When we get to the parking area,” he whispered, “you get behind the wheel, turn the key one click, and set the gear in neutral.  I’ll push you out the front gate.  Guide the car so we can line up with the road then I’ll push you further down the lane,” he said.
“Okay, but it’s going to be hard to steer without the engine running.  No power steering, you know.  But I’ll do my best,” Janet replied.
Hunter nodded.  “Let’s just hope the McKinneys can keep them entertained long enough for us to get out of here.”
Although it was still gray and damp due to the marine overcast, they were able to watch the house as they made their way through the trees.   A few birds were about, chirping and singing as Hunter and Janet carefully made their way along.  Her sandals didn’t help matters much but she kept moving without complaint.
They made their way to the lane a few feet away from the entrance to the estate.  Both stayed low and close to the shrubbery and trees as they crept to the main gate.
Peeking around the wide stone gatepost, Hunter watched the front of the house, and in particular, the front windows.  All the drapes were drawn shut.  Without a word he and Janet made their way to the car and noticed another car now parked in front.  Janet quietly got in behind the wheel and turned the key in the ignition one click to release the gear and steering, then set it in neutral and released the emergency brake.  Hunter stood ready at the front of the car then began to push.
The vehicle’s dead weight, combined with the loose gravel beneath the tires, was a challenge, but he eventually got it rolling, wincing at the noticeable crunching sound.  Janet worked hard to turn the wheel to get the car lined up with the road then gently applied the brakes to stop.  Hunter hurried to the rear and began to push again.  Now on a hard surface the car moved more easily.
He continued to push while Janet gripped the steering wheel.  He didn’t stop until they had cleared the front entrance and were nearly out of sight of the house when he heard a commotion.
“I’m sure they will be here for breakfast shortly,” he could hear Mrs. McKinney say in a loud voice.  “You might as well wait inside where it’s much warmer.”
“That’s okay,” a man’s voice replied. “Hey, wasn’t there a car parked here?”
“I’m sure I wouldn’t know,” Mrs. McKinney replied.  “Folks come and go and park wherever they like.”
“What about these tracks!” he asked in a demanding voice.
Hurried footsteps on gravel told the story.  Hunter raced to the side of the car.  Janet applied the brakes and opened the door.  “Move over to the other side,” he ordered.  “Hurry!”  Janet climbed over the console and belted up in the passenger seat.  Hunter, in the meantime, already had the engine running and took off, keeping his eye on the mirrors.  “This isn’t good,” he said.
“Did they see you!” she asked, turning part way around in her seat to look behind.
“I hope not,” he replied as he attempted to maintain a dangerous rate of speed on the narrow lane.  Soon they were at the main road and he wasted no time racing back toward the airport.
“So we have to go through customs again?” she asked.
“No.  But we’ll need to turn the care in.”  Checking his mirrors, he could see another car in the distance behind them and obviously driving at a fast rate of speed.  “They’re catching us,” Hunter said.
“Can we take another route?”
“Not really.  There aren’t any other good routes.  I just want to get in the air as quickly as possible.”  Reaching the city limits, they were forced to slow down and likely to be stopped by traffic lights.  The first two intersections were clear and the lights green.  At the next intersection, however, the light turned red before they could move through.  Hunter had to brake hard to stop and allow a car to pull out onto the main road.  Frustrated, he kept an eye on his mirror.  “Who in their right mind would be up this time of morning?”
“You mean besides us?” Janet said still half turned around in her seat.  “Can you see them?” she asked as a few more cars began spilling out onto the street here and there.
“I think so.  If it’s them, they’re stopped at the last signal.  Maybe a little extra traffic isn’t so bad after all.”  The light ahead was green and Hunter hurried on through.  “Keep an eye open for cops,” he said.  “We can’t afford to get pulled over.”
They managed to make their way through Courtenay and then north of Comox to the airport.  The main road was now straight but began to climb.  A few more cars were pulling out, forcing Hunter to slow down again.
The sky continued to grow lighter as the sun began its slow climb, in spite of the cloud cover, but at least there wasn’t any ground fog this time.  A few drops of rain fell instead and the breeze was picking up.
“It’s raining,” Janet said.
“It’s always raining here.  Either that or fog,” Hunter replied.
“All year?” she asked.
“Well, no, but more days than you’d probably like.”
The road continued on a gradual climb finally cresting at an intersection where several vehicles were making their way through.  Hunter was able to increase his speed for about another mile before encountering more traffic and another signal light that had just turned red.
“Damn!” he muttered slamming his fist on the steering wheel.
“I thought traffic was a good thing,” Janet said.
“Now there are too many cars out and they’re in my way.”
The light turned green and the cars in front of them slowly began to move.  “Come on!” Hunter shouted.  “The damned light is green!”  They now had two lanes in their direction and he began swerving between cars trying to gain ground hoping their pursuers were having as much difficulty as he was.
The lane narrowed back to one lane again and they ended up following a small caravan of cars and trucks that seemed to be in no hurry.  Hunter’s frustration continued to mount until he saw an opportunity coming up.  At the same time he noticed a car about a quarter mile behind them making unsafe lane changes.
“I see them, the idiots.  They’re gonna get themselves and someone else killed driving like that.”
“And we’re not?” Janet asked.
“Hang on!”
At the next intersection, he made a tight right turn and accelerated at the same time.  Tires squealed as they took the corner and sped down the road.  Moments later, Hunter began to slow down, still checking his mirror.  A small lane was ahead on the left and he took it as quickly as possible then raced down the lane praying no one pulled out or ran out in front of them.
The lane continued for less than a quarter mile then doglegged to the right.  Taking care to negotiate the tight turn, he accelerated once again.  Luck was still with them as there were no cars coming or going.
Another quarter mile and they intersected with the road leading to the airport.  They could see the perimeter of the airfield but he wasn’t confident they were safe yet.
“We still have to turn in this car.”
Janet looked over her shoulder, as Hunter pulled into the airport parking lot.
Without wasting any time, they grabbed their things and hurried inside the terminal.  Hunter took care of the car and then led her to the airport manager’s office.  “I need to pay for our parking space,” he said, “but stay with me.”
Soon they were quickly heading for the plane, he looked around nervously.  “You see anyone?”
“Not yet,” Janet replied.
Onboard, Hunter started his engines in sequence while Janet sat at a window in the cabin watching the small terminal for anything unusual.  Just as the second engine came alive, she called out.  “I see something!”
“What!” he asked.
“A man and a woman acting very excited and pointing this way.  There are two airport security men detaining them.”
“Keep watching,” Hunter ordered as he monitored his screens and readouts.  “Let me know if anything changes.”  Watching his display he was finally satisfied all was ready. “We’re leaving!”
Janet quickly belted up, still watching the side show.  Hunter communicated with the tower then began to move the plane out of the parking area and onto the taxiway.  
“I can’t see them anymore,” she said.  “How soon before we take off?”
“As soon as we get clearance.”  Minutes later they were racing down the runway and finally airborne, soon clearing departure airspace.
Janet breathed out a sigh of relief. “That was too close.”
“Yeah,” Hunter agreed.  “Too close.”
“Can I come up there?” she asked.
“Sure.”
She moved forward and got settled before asking, “Now where are we going?”
“I want to get back to the U.S. and I’ll have to call Frank again and tell him what happened.  He told us to stay put until we heard from him, but I wasn’t about to stick around any longer… not once I realized Tiffany was there.”  Hunter maintained his climb rate before leveling off and letting out a tired sigh.  “How did she know?  And who was that other guy?”  He exhaled.  “I’m getting too old for this.”

For the next half hour they flew in silence.  Once they crossed into United States airspace, all he could think to do was head back to Idaho.
Janet had dozed off but was now waking up.  “Where are we?” she asked.
“Over Washington.  About thirty minutes, give or take, from Coeur d’Alene.”
“Is that where we’re going?”
“I guess.  I don’t know where else to go.  I’m tired and fed up with all of this.  We need help and the only person I can think of to ask is Frank.”
“Who is he again?”
“One of my attorneys.  He’s done some work for me in the past.  He even helped me with the purchase of my ranch property.  And he’s a pilot.  We just seemed to click when we first met a few years ago.”
Janet nodded.  “It’s good you have someone you can trust.”
“Yeah.”
Janet looked at her clothes, now rumpled and wrinkled from three days of continuous wear.  “Do you suppose I could get some other clothes when we get to wherever we’re going?”
Hunter grinned.  “Yes.”
They were about fifteen minutes from their destination when Hunter pointed out the city of Spokane, Washington not far ahead.  “We’re going to skirt the town to avoid any busy air traffic lanes from both the International airport and Fairchild Air Force base.  Just a few more minutes, though, and we’ll be on the ground in Idaho.”
“Okay,” she said then pulled out her burner phone.
“Planning to make a call?” Hunter asked.
“No.  Just checking the time.  There’s no one I can call.”  She looked at Hunter and impulsively took his picture.
“What did you do that for?” he asked.
“A memento... of our adventure together.  I can delete it.”
“No.  That’s okay,” he said.
Janet stared ahead.  “I’ll be glad to be on the ground again so I can walk around.”
As promised, Hunter eventually began his approach to the Coeur d’Alene airport and easily set down.  He taxied toward his private hangar and eventually stopped and shut down his engines.  The airport was relatively quiet at this time of the morning as he sat back and gazed out the windows.  “We’re home.”
“It’s lovely here.”  Janet looked out at their surroundings.  Some clouds were moving in but the mountains stood glistening in the early morning light.  “Everything is so pretty.  It’s almost like a fairyland,” she said admiring the snowy views.
“Yeah.  I like it,” he said then eased out of his seat.  “Let’s get out and stretch while I make that call to Frank.”  He opened the cabin door and set the steps then climbed down and used his new burner phone.  Janet stood in the doorway admiring the view, but shivered, then joined him.
“Karen,” he said when she picked up.  “You’re up early.  It’s Hunter.  Hey, I need to talk to Frank.  Is he home or at work already?”
“Jody, Hi!” Karen replied.  “It’s been a while.”
Hunter was confused.  “No.  Karen.  It’s me, Hunter.  I need to talk to Frank.”
“Yes, it has been a while.  It’s good to hear from you again.”
Hunter hesitated.  “What’s going on?”
“Oh, just the usual stuff.  We’ve been busy around the house and Frank... well he’s been traveling a little more than usual these days.  It’s his work, you know.”
“Where’s he been traveling to?” Hunter now sensed she was trying to tell him something.
“Don’t know for sure,” she replied then whispered quickly, “Don’t try to contact Frank.  It isn’t safe.  I can’t explain right now, but don’t call back.”
“I don’t understand,” Hunter said hoping she’d tell him more.
“Where are you?” she asked, still whispering.
“Pappy’s.”
“I need to talk to you, but not here.”
“Where then?”
Karen was quiet and Hunter could hear other voices in the background.  “I’ll come to the airfield.  One hour.  What number are you calling from?” she asked.  “There’s no ID.”
“It’s a burner,” he said then gave her the number.  “But Karen?” he began.
“I can’t talk.  One hour.”  The line went dead.
Hunter stood staring at his phone, feeling very confused and concerned at the same time.  
Janet could see the concern on his face.  “Everything okay?”
“Not necessarily,” he said and gave her a short recap of his conversation.  “Karen sounded frightened and I’m worried.”
“What are we going to do?”
“She’s going to meet us here in an hour so we won’t have any time to do anything else before then, like get you some new clothes.”
“I’ll survive a few more hours,” she said.  “No rush.”
“Okay, well I want to get the jet into the hangar and out of sight.”
He walked to a side door of his hangar and stepped inside.  Soon the large door began to open.  Bright overhead lights illuminated an impressive and very clean interior.  Inside sat his helicopter and a nice sedan was parked in the back facing a smaller rollup- garage door.  In the opposite back corner was a metal spiral staircase leading to an enclosed upper area.
“What’s up there?” Janet asked.
“Go take a look,” Hunter said.  “I’ll be up in a few minutes.”
Janet climbed the stairs and stepped inside the enclosure.  She stopped and stared at the elegance of what looked like an apartment.  There was a seating area with a sofa and two side chairs, end tables and a coffee table.  A full sized kitchen and table were in a corner and another door was adjacent to that.  Curious, she walked to the door and took a peek inside.  “Wow,” she said opening the door wider.  She stood gazing at a nicely furnished bedroom and an open door leading to a spacious bathroom beyond.
“What do you think?” Hunter asked.
Janet spun around in surprise.  “You startled me.”
“Sorry.”  He stood looking at the bedroom.  “I’ve had to stay here a few times when the snow was so bad.  It was better than risking driving or flying the chopper up to my ranch.”
“So... we wait?”
“Yes.  It shouldn’t be too much longer.”
Janet walked to a window that looked down into the hangar.  “This is quite a place,” she said.
Hunter stood next to her.  “Yeah.  It’s just better for the aircraft to keep them out of the weather.”  He continued to stare.  “I know it seems a little over-the-top, and everything, but...”
“Are you apologizing for being wealthy?”  She grinned at him.  “You don’t need to.  You work hard for your money.  You should be able to spend it however you want.”
He nodded but looked away.  “You hungry?” he asked, changing the subject.  “There should be something in here to eat.  I keep it pretty well stocked.”
Opting for frozen waffles and sausages, they waited for them to cook and watched the minutes tick by.  Hunter was restless and eventually went downstairs and out the side door to wait for Karen.  Minutes passed.
Janet came looking for him.  “The food’s ready.” 
“Okay.  I’ll be up in a minute.  You can go ahead and get started.”
“Something’s wrong isn’t it?” she asked.
He looked at his watch.  “We’ll give her a couple more minutes.”
“You could always call her back.”
“No.  She was pretty adamant about not doing that,” he said when his phone rang.  He quickly answered. “Karen?”
“Hunter.  I can’t make it.  I’m...” She hesitated. “I think I’m being followed so I drove into Rathdrum to the local grocery store and bought some things instead of coming to you.  But I still need to see you.  I’m just not sure how.”  She began to cry.  “Hunter, I’m scared and I don’t know what to do.”
“Scared?”
“Yes, and...” she got silent.  “I have to go,” she whispered.  “I’m sitting in my car in the parking lot but I think I’m being watched.  I’ll call again as soon as I can.”  She hung up.
“Karen?” He stared at his phone before shoving it in a pocket.  Rubbing his forehead, he looked at Janet.  “She’s in some kind of trouble but didn’t have time to tell me what’s going on.  Somehow, though, it sounds like it involves Frank.”
Janet stiffened.  “Your trusted friend?”
Hunter looked at her but didn’t respond.
“Now what do we do?” Janet asked.
“I don’t know,” he said then stopped.  “Or...”  He dialed another number.
“Hello?” a voice answered.
“Jim?  It’s Hunter.”


Chapter Seventeen
Jim was relieved to hear from his friend.  “You have no idea how worried we’ve been,” he said.  “Where are you?”
“Pappy’s.  Janet’s with me,” Hunter replied.  “Hey, I need to talk to you.  Can we meet?”
“Sure.  Where?”
“Here?”
“I’ll be there,” Jim said.  “We have a lot to talk about.”
“I know,” Hunter agreed, “but I don’t think you’re going to like hearing what we’ve been through so far and I don’t think it’s going to get any better any time soon.”
Hunter hung up.  He and Janet finished their breakfast then waited for Jim to show up.
“What did you mean by ‘Pappy’s?” Janet asked.
“Pappy’s?  Oh, yeah... Pappy Boyington.  This airfield was named for him.  He was born in Coeur d’Alene in the early nineteen hundreds, and was a Sioux Indian, or part Sioux, I think.  Anyway, he was a World War II aviation hero.  A Marine Corp officer, that led the famous Black Sheep Squadron into a heck of a lot of air combat missions.  He finally got shot down over the South Pacific and was a prisoner of war…for almost two years.  Anyway, he earned the Medal of Honor and the Navy Cross.  Died in his sleep in Fresno, California, of all places, but he’s buried at Arlington National Cemetery.”
“And his name was Pappy?”
Hunter laughed.  “No.  It was... uh... Greg, I think.  Yeah.  Gregory.”
“Black Sheep Squadron.  Wasn’t there a movie about that or something?”  Janet asked.
“A syndicated TV series called Black Sheep Squadron.  Robert Conrad played Pappy.”  
“You sure know a lot about him,” she said.
“Because I had the same question you did when I moved up here... you know, who’s Pappy?”  He smiled.  “So I looked it up.”

It wasn't long before Jim arrived.  He joined Janet and Hunter in the hangar apartment when they could sit and talk.
“Before we get started, how's Sam's place shaping up?” Hunter asked Jim.
“It’s looking good,” Jim replied.
“Who's Samantha?” Janet asked.
“A member of my church congregation,” Jim answered.  “She bought an old farmhouse not too long ago, but it needed work.  A few men from church were working on it but after the pipe broke, Hunter decided to toss in a few bucks to help out.”
“A few bucks?” Janet grinned.
Hunter shrugged.  “Well... you know.  Things can get a little pricey.”
“Mmm-hmm,” she said smiling.
“It should be ready for her to move back in in a few weeks, don't you think?” he asked Jim.
“I would think so.”
“Good.  They she'll be able to move back in and get settled again.  That should make her happy.”
Janet laughed.  “So, if I buy an old fixer-upper will you help pay for my repairs too?”
“Sure.  But how about we buy you a new place instead?  One that doesn’t need a lot of fixing up.”
“I was only kidding, you know,” Janet replied.
“I wasn’t.”
Jim shifted in his chair and changed the subject.  “So… tell me what's going on.”
Hunter shook his head.  “I wish I knew, to be honest.  We’ve been out of touch with everything for the past three days, other than living through a nightmare,” Hunter said.  “Although we did see a news report about the Allensbys.  That was a shock, but tell us what else is going on first then we can fill you in on more details about our past three days.”
Jim nodded and sighed.  “Well, there was one story that had to do with the two of you in Wyoming, and one other guy, I think.  I don’t know.  It was vague and then wasn’t a story any longer.” He stared at them.  “Then the Allensbys of course.”
“Yeah.  Janet was Gerry’s personal assistant.”
“Oh, I’m so sorry, Janet, but there hasn’t been much more reported about that, I’m afraid, other than it’s still under investigation.  Then there was something about a young actress.” Jim tried to remember her name.
“Tiffany Miles?” Hunter asked without hesitation.
“Yes.  I think that was her name,” Jim said.
“What about her?”
“I don’t know.  I didn’t pay much attention since it sounded hyped up to me, but Diane might be able to fill you in.  To me it sounded a lot like of the typical Hollywood gossip and since she’s performed opposite you in couple of films, it looked like she was taking advantage of a golden opportunity for the publicity.”
“Yeah.  That sounds like her,” Hunter said.  “Well ask Diane if she remembers anything specific, will you?”
“Sure,” Jim said.  “Okay, so now tell me what’s going on from your perspective, because I honestly cannot even begin to imagine, for one minute, that you’re involved in anything illegal.”
“Is that what everyone thinks?  That we’re... responsible for... whatever?  Good grief, Jim.  We’re the victims, and right now I’m completely baffled by all of it, and especially because of a conversation I just had with Karen.”
“Karen Bradley?” Jim asked.
“Yeah.  I took a chance and called because I wanted to talk to Frank and find out if he could help us somehow, but Karen answered the phone and told me not to talk to Frank!  She was supposed to meet us here earlier but didn’t show, then called to say she was frightened and thought she was being followed, so she didn’t want to try to meet us.  She said she’d call back and asked that I not call her.”
“That doesn’t sound good.” Jim thought for a moment.  “What can I do to help?”
“Janet and I need a place to stay, but not with you or anyone else I know.”
“Okay,” Jim replied.  “Well, how about a couple of rooms somewhere?”
“I was thinking the same thing, but I don’t want to be seen,” Hunter said.
“Then the Resort might be your best option.  It’s big, lots of people coming and going.  Shouldn’t be too difficult to stay there unnoticed.  I’ll book the rooms, then you and Janet can sneak in late tonight when nobody’s looking and just stay there until we can think of something else.”
Hunter nodded.  “That might be the best plan.”
“What do we do in the meantime?” Janet asked.  “Stay here?”
Hunter frowned.  “I don't think I want to stay here for too much longer.  Let me think.”
“Hang on a minute,” Jim said.  He got on the phone and called his wife.  “Diane, you mind if I bring a couple of friends to the house to hang out for a while?”  He listened.  “Great.  Thanks, honey.”
“Okay.  You’re coming home with me.  We live at the end of our street so just pull in the driveway next to me and we’ll go in through the side door of the garage.”
Hunter and Janet followed Jim home.  Once there, they were happily greeted by Diane.
“Hunter!  Oh, my gosh!  We’ve been so worried about you.  And this must be the mysterious young woman everyone’s been talking about.”  Diane reached out to her.  “You both must be exhausted.”
“We are,” Hunter agreed.  “And I’d like you to meet Janet Feldman, formerly Gerald Allensby’s personal assistant.”
“Oh, my.  It's so tragic... about what happened to him and his wife.”
“Yeah, and they haven’t found out who did it?” Hunter asked.
Jim shook his head.  “Like I said, it’s still under investigation.  It’s like the whole thing was hushed up for some reason.”
“Well not only that, dear,” Diane said, “the FBI took over and the police don’t seem to know what’s going on either.  It’s all very unsettling.”
Jim smiled at his wife.  “Let’s let these two clean up, and I suspect they’re probably hungry.  We can talk more later.”
“That’s a good idea,” Diane agreed.  “There are two bathrooms with showers.  I’ll get you both some towels and fix something for you to eat.”
Hunter stopped her.  “We just ate some breakfast.”
“That’s fine,” she said.  “Go ahead and shower, then.”
“Excuse me, Diane,” Janet spoke up.  “I'm a little embarrassed but I don’t have a change of clothing, I’m afraid.”
Diane looked her over and smiled.  “I have something that will do for now and while you’re both cleaning up I’ll do laundry.  Just toss your clothes outside the bathroom doors and I’ll see that they get washed.  Hunter?  Do you need a change of clothing?”
“No, I have something in my bag.  Unfortunately, Janet got caught up in this unexpectedly and was completely unprepared.”
“Alright, go shower.  Oh, and are you staying with us tonight?”  She looked at her husband.
“No,” Jim said.  “I’m going to book a couple of rooms at the resort for them.  In fact, I’ll go do that right now.  I’ll be back in a while.”  He kissed his wife and headed for the door.
“Jim,” Hunter called after him.  “You could just call and make the reservation.”
“I know but then you’d have to check in to get your room access cards.  I thought you wanted to keep a low profile.”  He grinned.
“You’re right.  Okay, but I’ll make this right with you, you know that.”
“I’m not worried.  Just relax, take a shower, have a snack, take a nap... whatever sounds good, and we’ll get you both settled in later tonight.”  Jim started to leave then looked at his wife.  “I think we’ll pull Hunter’s car into the garage when I get back.  Keep it out of sight.”
“Diane and I can do that right now,” Hunter said.  Jim left and they quickly swapped out the cars before Hunter took his shower.  By the time Jim got back, their guests were looking much more refreshed.
“Feeling better?” he asked.
“Much,” Janet said gratefully.  “I don’t think I’ve ever enjoyed a shower as much as I did this one.”  She smiled at Diane.  “And thanks for the loan of this dress.”
“My pleasure,” she said then asked, “Would you like me to take you into town to do a little shopping?”
“Uh,” Hunter interrupted.  “I’m not so sure that’s a good idea right now.”
Diane seemed surprised.  “I was thinking of a place right here in Rathdrum.  Annie’s Attic.”
“What’s Annie’s Attic?” he asked. 
“It’s a gently-used thrift store about five minutes from here.  Not a busy place.  I was thinking we could outfit Janet in some comfortable clothing for the time being.  Just a few things.”
Hunter looked at Jim.  “What do you think, Jim?”
“It might be okay.  I don’t think I’ve seen any clear photos of Janet on television the past few days, have you honey?”
“No,” Diane said.  “And if she’s with me, no one’s going to make the connection to Hunter.  That’s why I thought I’d mention it.”  She turned to Janet. “How do you feel about it?”
“I’d really like that,” Janet said looking for Hunter's approval.  “That other outfit used to be one of my favorites but now I’m ready to toss it!”  Hunter slipped Diane some cash with a look that said ‘don’t argue,’ then fifteen minutes later, she and Janet were headed into Rathdrum.  Jim and Hunter, in the meantime, sat down to talk.
“There’s something else I need to tell you,” Jim said quietly.  “Wasn’t sure if I should say anything in front of Janet, though.”
“What is it?”
“It’s about Samantha.”
“What about her?”  Hunter looked a little confused.  “Is she upset with me about the house?  Did she find out I was paying for the repairs?”
“No.  I wish it were only that simple.”  He paused. “No... she... she was kidnapped Monday, either late afternoon or early evening.”
“She what!” Hunter was visibly agitated.  “Kidnapped!  That was the same day we flew to Arizona.  What the hell is going on!”
“I don’t know.  It makes no sense to anyone.”
“Where did that happen?”
“At the Resort.”
“What are they doing about it?  The police, I mean.  Who took her?”
“They have no idea.  Well they have some surveillance footage, but they don't know who the guy is.  The police have questioned her friend who’s been staying with her at the Resort and they talked to some of the guests, but other than that, not much is being said about it.”
“Have the FBI taken over that investigation too?”  Hunter was sarcastic.
“Hard to say.  No one is talking and her friend is beside herself and frightened.”
“Have you talked to her?  The friend?” Hunter asked.
“Once.  Yesterday afternoon.  She needed my phone number to give to the police, but she was still pretty shook up and frightened.”
“Why do the police want your phone number?”
“They had questions about you, to be honest.”
“Me?”
“Yes.  I don’t know why but for some reason I get the feeling they think there’s some kind of a connection.”
“Connection?”
“Between her abduction and all this stuff you’ve been dealing with.”
Hunter was surprised.  “That doesn’t make any sense.  I’d sure like to know what the friend told the police.  What's the friend's name?”
“Betty,” he said.  “And it might not be such a bad idea if we can figure out how to do that discreetly.”
Hunter let out a sigh.  “I’m beginning to feel like I’m going to have to do my own investigation, just to clear my name.”  He sat back.  “Do you think Samantha’s abduction is tied to any of this?”
“Quite frankly, I don’t know what to make of any of it.  You met her here for dinner that one night.  How anyone can remotely connect that with everything else going on, I have no idea.”
“Is that what they think?  We had dinner so…”  He shook his head.  “It sounds more like a coincidence to me.”
“I don’t know about that.  Over the years I’ve decided nothing is really a coincidence.  I just can’t see the connection here, that’s all.”
“But why would anyone want to take her?” Hunter asked.  “Hell!  I’m still trying to figure out why I’ve been targeted!”  He stood up and paced the floor.
Jim stood up as well.  “Do you think someone is planning on trying to extort money from you and maybe use her to...?”
Hunter shook his head.  “There are better ways to extort money from me than using someone I barely know,” he said.  “No.  That stunt in Arizona was some kind of payoff and I was just the courier.  Janet got the briefcase from Gerry’s office and it was full of money.  Plus the helicopter that met us was armed to the teeth.  This isn’t about extortion.  It’s something worse.  But I don't see how Samantha's abduction plays into any of it.”
“Armed?”  Jim was surprised.
“Yeah.  Didn’t they mention that in any of the news stories?”  Hunter was disgusted.  “I figure they were supposed to blow us up once we were airborne, because they had every opportunity to do that while we were on the ground.  Hell, Jim, Janet and I were scrambling to get out of there.  Oh!  And that other guy you were talking about?  He got shot and was covered in blood but managed to escape with us before the helicopter came back to take us out!”
“The other guy!  Right.  Okay, that explains that piece we heard about.”
Hunter filled Jim in on Brian’s part in the handoff and the attempts on both their lives.  “Yeah... but he was wearing some fancy vest that oozed blood to make it look like he was hit.”
“Wow... that’s...”
“Weird,” Hunter said.  “Besides, he disappeared while the three of us were hiding out at my Uncle Joe’s place.”
“Uncle Joe?”
“Long story.  The point is Brian, if that was his real name, disappeared yesterday.  So we high-tailed it out of there.  Joe and his wife Vera, left in Joe’s plane with Buster.”
Jim's eyebrows shot up.  “This story is getting more fantastic by the minute.”
“It gets better,” Hunter said.  “Janet and I headed for Canada to a place I know that’s pretty much out of the way.  Off the beaten path, if you know what I mean.  I figured we could hide out there for a while.  But last night and this morning, she and I both felt like something wasn’t quite right there either.  Then the innkeeper comes to our cottage early to tell us a couple showed up during the night asking about us.  And guess who the woman was... Tiffany!”
“That actress,” Jim said.  Impulsively, he walked to the front window and parted the sheers slightly to look out front.
Hunter followed.  “I know what you’re thinking,” he said.  “Now we’ve probably put you and Diane in danger.”
“Well, all things considered, I just hope the girls get back soon,” Jim said.
Hunter peeked out the window as well.  “I shouldn’t have let them go shopping.” 
Jim let go of the curtain and faced Hunter.  “So what are your plans?  Have any ideas?”
“Not yet.  I mean, what can we do?  Where would we go?  So far, no matter where we’ve gone, someone shows up looking for us.  Heck even at that airport in Wyoming, the sheriff came storming out on the runway in his squad car and nearly collided with us while we were taking off!”
Jim was incredulous and shook his head.  “Seriously?  I see your point.” he said.
They continued to talk and toss out some ideas until the women returned about a half an hour later. 
“She’s all set,” Diane said. “A couple of new outfits and some better shoes.”
“That’s good, honey,” Jim said giving her a quick kiss on the cheek.  “Thanks for doing that.”
“My pleasure.”
Hunter took Janet aside.  “See anything unusual?”
“No,” she said.  “But I was watching.  And I’m sure no one followed us... going or coming back.  After all that’s happened, I’ve become very paranoid and I’m getting pretty good at keeping my eyes open.”
“Good,” he said and kissed her forehead.
Diane smiled.  “Why don’t the two of you lie down for a while?  Take a nap.  I’m sure you could use some sleep.”
Jim agreed. “That’s probably a good idea.”
Diane gestured toward the hallway.  “One of you can use the guest room and one can use the bed in our room,” she said.
In a welcome moment of frivolity, Hunter and Janet used the game ‘paper, rock, scissors’ to choose their rooms then each settled down for a nap.  While they slept, Jim filled Diane in on some of the conversation he’d had with Hunter, including about Samantha.
“He’s really upset.”
“I don’t blame him,” Diane said.  “They’ve been through a lot the past three days.  Janet shared a little with me in the car both ways.  She was careful not to say anything while we shopped though.”
Jim put his arm around his wife.  “Okay.  I guess we’ll just hang out here and hold down the fort.”  He picked up the remote and turned on the television, keeping the volume low.  Together they watched an afternoon talk show then ended up watching movies on one of the cable channels.  Several hours later, Hunter wandered into the living room and joined them.
“Sleep okay?” Diane asked.
“Yes.  Probably the best I've have in the past three days.  Then I woke up and haven’t been able to stop thinking about everything that’s happened, but I’m especially concerned now about Samantha.  I still can’t figure out why anyone would want to take her.”
“What if it has nothing to do with everything else?  What if it really is a coincidence?” Jim offered.
Hunter looked at him.  “But you said...”
“I know what I said,” Jim replied, “but I suppose it is very possible that some things can be coincidental.  The only thing that doesn’t fit is the fact that there has been no demand for a ransom.”
Hunter sat down and got comfortable on the sofa.  “That’s not always the reason women are abducted,” he said and leaned back.  “Even so, there is never a good reason to take somebody, but I sure as hell hope that’s not the reason.”
“Who was taken?” Janet asked stepping into the living room.  “I couldn't help but overhear the conversation.”
“Oh, hey, honey... come here.  Sit down,” Hunter patted the sofa.
“Who was taken?” she asked again with a frown.
Hunter spent a few minutes explaining what Jim had told him, prefacing it with how he met Samantha in the first place.
Janet smiled.  “I know about Samantha.”
Hunter was surprised.  “You do?  How?”
“I overheard you and Joe talking about her yesterday.”
“Oh,” Hunter said.  “I see.” He gave her a gentle squeeze.
“But you don’t think it’s connected with everything else going on, do you?” she asked.
“We don’t know.  Nobody seems to know anything about anything.”  Hunter said.
Janet furrowed her brow.  “So no one is demanding a ransom?  No one is claiming responsibility?  Nothing?”
“That’s what Jim says.”
Jim nodded then remembered something. “Hey Diane?  What was the name of that actress who was all worked up about something?  You remember?”
Diane rolled her eyes, “You mean Tiffany Miles?  Hunter.  She was going on and on about how close the two of you were and how upset she was that you had disappeared mysteriously.  She even went so far as to say she would pay anything to get you back safely.”
Janet laughed. “Are you serious?”
“Do you know her?” Diane asked.
“I’ve met her.  She is so phony.  Puts on this coy act every time she meets someone, especially men and especially if someone has a camera in their hand.  She can’t carry on a simple conversation without getting dramatic.”  Janet flailed her arms about.  “It’s disgusting.  She doesn’t care about anybody but herself and will do just about anything... and I mean anything... to get what she wants.”
Hunter looked at Janet and grinned.  “I take it you don’t care for her all that much.”
Janet made a face at him.  “She really had you suckered, Hunter.  Everyone knew she was using you to build her career.  I mean... come on.  You really liked her?  And then when the two of you broke up... oh my gosh!  She used that to her advantage as well.  She’s just a publicity seeker and a user.  That’s all, and she used you big time!”
Feeling admonished and a little embarrassed, he didn’t answer but looked away and gave Jim and Diane an awkward grin.
“You know I’m right,” Janet persisted.
“Okay... let’s talk about something else,” he said, glancing at his watch.  “Can we go yet?”
“Another couple of hours, at least,” Jim said.  “Closer to midnight might be even better.”
“What’s on the news?” Janet asked.
“Let’s find out.”  Jim turned the television back on and began looking at news stations.
Janet leaned over to Hunter, “I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to get so worked up about her.”
“Yeah, well, let’s just drop the subject.”
Jim landed on a news station and they all watched a series of stories ranging from local and national sporting events to the latest international conflict.  Mixed in between, however, a few short stories popped up including one out of southern California regarding the Allensby murders.  Everyone was immediately on the edge of their seats.
“Although the FBI is now in charge, one of our reporters has continued working his own investigation of the murders of Gerald and Carolyn Allensby at their private estate.  We now go live to Eric Lim for the latest in his investigation.  Eric?
“Thank you, Julie.  As you said, I have been asking questions and trying to piece together the puzzle around the startling murder of these two high-profile figures of the Hollywood movie industry. I spoke to three people off-camera, who wished to remain anonymous.  They’ve each provided some intriguing information that seems to tie the Allensbys to an illegal international drug trafficking ring.  Although none of them could provide definitive proof, the fact that these three people, who do not know each other, had very similar information, and it seems to indicate there may be some substance to the allegations.”
“Eric, did anyone have any idea how long this alleged activity has been going on?”
“Not yet, Julie, but evidently for quite some time, but I wasn’t able to get a clear idea exactly when the Allensbys became involved.  My sense is that the trafficking ring has been operating for several years.”
“Eric, when you say international, how many countries are we talking about?”
“Well, Julie, for sure Mexico, but one of my sources indicated that the activity could possibly involve Central and South America as well as some Asian countries. Back to you.”
“Thank you, Eric.”
“Oh, Julie, one other thing.  No one mentioned Hunter Blake as part of any of this.  So it sounds like he’s in the clear at this point.”
“Thank you, Eric.  In further news...”
Jim turned off the television.  “Well that explains a little about the murders, perhaps, and certainly helps take any heat off of you, Hunter.”
Hunter stared at the blank television screen. “Well, let’s hope it stays that way.”
“I’d be curious to know who his sources were, though,” Janet said.  “It would have to be someone who was either involved in some way, or who knew someone involved.  I mean, how did this journalist happen to find not one, or even two, but three people who each told him basically the same thing.”  She was obviously suspicious. “I mean, really?  Three people willing to rat out some illegal organization?  And why emphasize that they didn’t know each other?”
Hunter looked at her, somewhat impressed with her assessment.  “You’re right.  That did seem important to him.”
All four looked at each other.
Hunter frowned. “And why report I’m not a suspect?  Was I a suspect?”  He looked at Jim and Diane. “I'm aware that there have been reports that I was wanted to for questioning, but have there also been stories speculating that I was part of this organized crime ring?”
Jim shook his head.  “Not that I can think of.”
Diane agreed.  “There hasn’t been much of anything mentioned about you, come to think of it,” she said.  “Well, just that story about you in Wyoming.”
“What about Wyoming?” Hunter asked.
“The sheriff claiming that you were wanted for questioning for some reason, but that soon blew over when he made a public apology for... what was it he said Jim?”
“I think he said something about mistaken identity.”
“Mistaken identity,” Hunter said in disgust.  “He never saw me, Janet or Brian.  We never got off the plane.  I don’t know.  Maybe we should stop trying to second guess everything and take a break from all of this.”  He leaned against the back of sofa again and closed his eyes.  No one said anything, until he suddenly sat up.
“What?” Janet asked.
“What if this is a subtle way to make me think it’s safe to come out of hiding.”
Jim’s eyebrows shot up.  “Well, now, that’s something to think about.”
Janet looked worried.  “Is it going to be safe for us to go to the Resort tonight?”
Hunter stared at nothing in particular then asked, “Jim, did you notice anything unusual when you went to the Resort?  Any suspicious people lurking around?”
“No.  I didn’t,” he replied.  “Not that I’d really know one suspicious person over another.  Actually, the first place I went was to a hardware store and picked up a new sprayer attachment for the garden hose in the back yard.  Then I stopped at the post office to check for mail.”
“We don’t have a post office box, dear,” Diane said.
“I know.  I was just driving around and watching to see if any cars were following me.  When I got downtown, I found a parking space on Sherman and went into The Shops and used the overhead walkway to get to the Resort.  Anyway, if someone were following they might not have gone inside and decided, instead, to wait for me to get back to my car.
“I did stop at the sweet shop and bought a bag of candy.”  He grinned.  “Then I drove to the grocery store and picked up some non-perishable food items for Hunter and Janet.  I left them in the car when I got home and stuffed some other things in a couple of bags to bring in and left them in the kitchen.  Mostly trash from the car.”  He grinned at his wife.
“But you don’t think anyone followed you,” Hunter said.
“No.  I don’t.  Oh, and speaking of the Resort, here are your key cards.”  Jim pulled two access cards from his shirt pocket and handed them to Hunter.  “The rooms are adjoining.”
“Thanks,” Hunter said.  “I’ll need the receipt.
“We’ll worry about that later.”
Diane got up. “It’s getting late.  I think we need to have some dinner.  I’ll go start something.”
“I’ll help,” Janet said and followed Diane to the kitchen.
Jim waited until they left the room then grinned at Hunter.  “She seems like a very nice young woman.”
“She is and she’s been holding up remarkably well through all of this.  Doesn’t complain too much.”  He laughed.  “Janet’s right about Tiffany.  I just hate to admit it... especially to her.  She’d never let me forget it.”
Jim laughed.  “Well, you want to see anything else on the tube to help pass the time?”
“I don’t know.  I’m feeling antsy.”
Jim nodded.  “I know.  Not much longer.”
Hunter settled down on the couch when his cell phone rang.  He quickly answered.  “Hello?”
“It’s me,” Karen replied.
“Where are you?” he asked.
“At home.  Frank said he had to leave town for a couple of days, so I’m alone.  I really need to talk to you.”
“Okay, but where?”
“I don’t know.”
“Let me put you on speaker phone,” he said.  “I’m at Jim Wesley’s place.  “Okay.  So when do you want to meet?”
“Now,” she said.
Jim held up his hand then motioned for Hunter to keep talking.  Hunter nodded.
Jim hurried to the kitchen.  “Diane, stop whatever you’re doing.  We’re going to the Resort for dinner.”
“We are?”
“Yes, and we'll get Hunter and Janet settled into their rooms at the same time.”
“We’re leaving now?” Janet asked in surprise.  “But I thought you said we should wait until midnight.”
“Change of plans.  You need to get your things together,” he told Janet.  Then he said to his wife, “You and I are going to have dinner with Karen Bradley tonight.”
“We are?  Okay, Jim, but...”
“Just get ready.”  He hurried back to Hunter and indicated he had something to say.
Hunter nodded. “Karen, hold on a second.  Jim wants to talk to you.”
Jim explained what they were going to do.  “Diane and I will dine with you, Karen.  We’ll have a nice visit.  You can share whatever you need to.  We’ll pass it along to Hunter.  It won’t look suspicious for us to have dinner with you.  We’ve done that before.  If Frank asks questions, you can honestly say you were with us.”
Hunter took the phone back.  “Is that okay with you?”
“Yes.  I guess it will have to be.  I trust the Wesleys.”
“Okay.  Meet them at the Resort.  They’ll fill you in on some other things.”
“Okay, but I still need to see you, Hunter.  Please?”
“Of course.  We’ll get together.  I promise.”
Jim patted Hunter on the back.  “I guess its show time, so let's get going.  You and Janet can slouch down in the back seat of our car.  I think we should leave your car here for now.  Hopefully it’ll just look like Diane and I decided to enjoy an evening with our friend Karen.  At the same time you and Janet can slip into your rooms.”
“I sure hope this works,” Hunter said.  “But I’m worried about Karen.  She still sounds frightened.”
“I could tell,” Jim said.  “Don't worry.  We’ll take care of her.”


Chapter Eighteen
Betty sat staring at the television aimlessly flipping through channels.  With no word from the police on their investigation, she’d spent the past two days cooped up in her room.  Both dazed and depressed she spent much of her time either crying, eating, or sleeping restlessly.  She walked to the window and stared out toward the lake.
The sun had set behind the mountains, but not without vividly signaling its departure.  It first created a warm yellow and gold glow before painting the sky in striking hues of pink, lavender, orange and red, each yielding to the next, eventually giving into deep indigo and finally black.  Gentle swells on the lake danced in the evening breeze capturing those last transforming colors.  In the distance, scattered dots of light began to line the remote shoreline.  Short and narrow squiggled lines of light stretched out from each across the water.  “Where are you, Sam?” she whispered.
For no apparent reason, she wandered up to the front door and checked the peep hole.  Just as she was about to step away, someone quickly walked past.  For a moment, her gloomy mood was replaced with idle curiosity.  Although still concerned for her own safety she took another peek before opening the door very slightly to look out into the hall and listen.  Some very quiet conversation drew her further out where she could peek around the corner of her recessed entry.  She caught a brief glimpse of a man and woman just stepping into the next room. 
Checking the hall in both directions, Betty quickly reentered her room and latched the door securely.  Standing with her back to the door, she sighed deeply as her gloomy mood quickly returned.  The sound of a plane flying overhead provided another brief moment of curiosity so she hurried to her balcony and stepped outside to look, expecting to see one of the float planes, based on the lake, returning.  Scanning the sky, she finally saw the wingtip lights and watched as it continued to fly south and away from the Resort.  A gentle breeze ruffled some loose hair and she shivered involuntarily rubbing her arms before deciding to go back inside.  She stopped, however, when she heard voices from the neighboring room’s balcony.
A privacy wall prevented her from seeing anyone but it was clear that a man and woman were conversing.  Straining to hear what they were saying, she was able to pick up words here and there, ‘stay here, trust him, worried,’ then she nearly fell over the balcony rail when she distinctly heard, ‘Samantha’.
Without thinking, Betty let out a gasp and immediately clasped her hand over her mouth.  Standing perfectly still she held her breath and waited, hoping to hear more but catching only, ‘back inside’ followed by a click indicating a door had closed.
“Darn!” she whispered, hurrying back inside her own room.  She desperately wanted to know who the people were and what they were talking about.  “They said Samantha.  I know they did.  They said Samantha!”  
Pacing anxiously, she stopped in front of the window.  “Okay, but what if they weren’t talking about my Samantha?  What if they were talking about someone else named Samantha?”  She stopped herself.  “Oh, for crying out loud, I’m making up a whole lot of nothing.  I don’t know what they were talking about.  I just want it to be about my Samantha so we can get some answers.”  She paced some more.  “But what if it really is about Sam?  She disappeared here at the Resort.  Maybe they saw something?” She furrowed her brow.  “What if they took her?”
Tired of pacing she finally sat down but continued to talk to herself.  “I don’t know what to think.  It’s probably nothing.  I’m just making things up.”  She exhaled.  “I need chocolate.  I need one of those yummy sundaes.”  Picking up the phone, she called room service and ordered something for dinner, including a chocolate sundae for dessert.  Although still despondent, she decided to take a quick shower then wait for her meal to arrive hoping it would somehow perk her up and clear her mind.
Forty-five minutes later, there was a knock at her door.  Checking the peep hole, she could see the attendant standing outside.  She slowly opened the door enough to see he indeed had a cart with her order on it.  A member of the security staff had accompanied him as well.
Opening the door fully, Betty allowed him to push the cart in.  He hesitated a moment then turned to leave when she stopped him. “Just a minute.” She hurried to her purse and came back with a couple of bills.  “It’s not much, I’m afraid, but here you go and thank you.”
The young man smiled and started to leave.
“Oh, wait a second.” She stopped him.  “I don’t suppose you would happen to know who’s staying in the room next to mine, would you?” she pointed.
The young man glanced at the security officer then quickly said, “No, ma’am.” He and the officer walked back to the elevator just as a ding announced another elevator car had arrived.  With her curiosity now piqued, she paused long enough to notice another attendant delivering a similar dinner cart headed in her direction.
She waited and watched and the young man walked on by.  “Dinner time,” Betty said cheerfully.  She waited to see where he was going then excitedly watched him stop at the room next door where the man and woman were staying.  Hesitating for a moment, she listened, hoping to hear any conversation, but all she heard was a woman’s quiet, ‘Thank you.’
Desperate to know who was in the room, she tried to think of a good reason to go knock on their door.  Noticing a large dinner roll on a separate plate, she picked up the plate and headed out into the hall, hesitating for a heartbeat then took a deep breath and marched up to the neighboring suite.  With another deep breath, she tapped on the door trying to compose herself and quickly rehearsed what she would say.
Nervously, she tapped again.
The door finally opened slightly and a young woman peeked out.  “Yes?”
“I’m sorry to bother you but I think this dinner roll might have belonged with your order.  I noticed we had room service delivered at the same time.  Ordinarily I’d have kept it, only because I love bread, but...well, my best friend, Samantha is always telling me I should stop eating so much bread.”  She smiled awkwardly.
“You can keep it,” the young woman said pleasantly.  “We have plenty.”
“Are you and your husband staying long?” Betty attempted to keep the conversation going.
“My husband?”
Betty immediately realized her blunder.  “Oh, well I thought I heard a man’s voice earlier, that’s all.  I’m sorry.  I just wish my friend were still here.  She usually keeps me out of trouble.”  Betty stepped back. “I-I’ll just go back to my room.  I’m sorry I bothered you.”
“Not a problem,” the young woman said.  “Have a nice evening.”
Betty hurried back inside her room and closed the door firmly.  “I’m so stupid!” she lamented.  “Stupid! Stupid! Stupid!  That was a stupid thing to do!” She chastised herself and sat down.  Taking a bite of the dinner roll she immediately began to cry.  “Where are you, Sam?”
A few minutes passed before she was able to regain her composure.  Taking a taste of her meal, she smiled sadly.  “Sam would have loved this.”  Eying the sundae, she pulled it in front of her and began to savor the confection, remembering the first one she had had with Samantha not too long ago.  Tearing up again, she sat back and stared at nothing in particular, letting her thoughts drift and the tears flow.
She was suddenly startled by a knock at her door.  Trying to pull herself together, she wiped her eyes and went to the door.  Taking a peek through the peep hole, she was surprised and opened it.  “Hi,” she said to the young woman, wiping a stray tear.  “Sorry, I think I got an eyelash stuck in my eye.”
“May I speak with you?” the young woman asked.
“Of course.”
“May I come in?”
Not following the instructions given to her by the police, Betty let her in and closed the door, securing the extra lock.  Both women sat down and stared at each other for a long moment, until Betty finally spoke up.  “Can I get you something?”  She glanced at her dinner cart.  “There’s another dinner roll, and...”
“No thank you,” the young woman said.  “I... I need to ask you a question.”
“Okay,” Betty said with some reservation now.
“You said you were waiting for your friend.”
“Yes.”
“You mentioned her name... Samantha, I think.”
“Yes.”
“What’s her last name?”
“Why do you want to know?  Who are you?”
“My name is Janet and I...” she stopped when her new phone buzzed.  Glancing at the screen she quickly answered.  “What,” then listened.  “We just started talking... yes... I’ll ask.”  Janet looked at Betty, “Would you feel comfortable coming next door to our suite?”
“No.  Why?” Betty was now on her guard.  “Why can’t we talk here?”
“My... companion... would like to ask you some questions... about your friend.”
“Who’s your companion?”
“I’d rather not say, but you can trust us.  I promise.”
Betty was instantly on her guard.  “How do I know you’re not one of the people who took her?” she blurted out then realized her gaffe.  “What I mean is...”
“It’s okay.  We know she’s been kidnapped, if it’s the same Samantha we’re both talking about.  We’re worried about her too.”
“You are?  Why?”
“If you would just come next door.  It would explain everything.  Just... just stand at the door.  Just stand at the door so my companion can ask you a question.  You don’t have to actually come into the room.”
“Well, I... I guess I could do that,” Betty said still with uncertainty.  “Can I ask someone from Security to come with me?”
“I’d rather you didn’t.”
“Well then I think I’ll stay right here.”
Janet’s phone rang again and she answered.  “No.  Well can you blame her?”  Janet listened.  “You sure?  Okay.”  She hung up then found some pictures on her phone to show Betty.  “Do you recognize this person?” she asked holding her phone where Betty could see the image. 
“That’s Hunter Blake and it looks like he’s flying his plane,” Betty said staring at the image.  “But how...?”
“I took this picture this morning on our way here.”
“Okay, but what does that prove?  Are you telling me he’s your companion?  Like, I’m going to believe that.”
“How about this one?” Janet showed her a different picture. “I took this a little while ago from our room.”
Betty looked at the second photo of Hunter leaning on the rail of his balcony overlooking the lake.
“He didn’t know I took that one.”  Janet smiled.
Betty stood up.  “Okay.  But if this is a trick, I’ll start screaming my head off.
Moments later Betty stood in the doorway of the neighboring suite staring at Hunter Blake who smiled and motioned for her to come in.   “Why don’t you come in and sit down so we can all talk?”
“Okay,” she responded awkwardly, still awestruck.  “I think I’ll sit down.  Wow.  It’s really you,” she managed to say.
“You must be Betty from Missouri.”  He smiled again.  “The Wesleys told me about you.  Glad to meet you.”
“I’m glad to meet me too,” Betty replied, still staring.
Janet giggled.  “It’s okay, Betty, he’s just a goofy guy.”
“I beg your pardon,” Hunter said, pretending to be miffed.
“Can I touch you?” Betty asked.
Hunter laughed.  “Come here,” he said.  Betty stepped over to him and he gave her a big hug.  “How’s that?”
“Oh, my gosh,” she giggled into her hands.  “You hugged me.”
“Anything for Samantha’s best friend,” he grinned, “but now we need to get serious.”  He looked her.  “Why did you come to our room with that line about the dinner roll?”
Obviously embarrassed, she looked at them both.  “I... uh... well...” she felt sheepish then took a deep breath.  “Okay, I was out on the balcony of my room trying to see a plane flying overhead a little while ago when I thought I heard voices... both of you, I guess.  And then I thought I heard you say, ‘Samantha’ and I gasped, of course, because I’m so worried about her and then I heard your door close.  Anyway, just hearing Sam’s name made me crazy and my imagination got away from me, so I made up that stupid story about the dinner roll... which I realize was a really stupid story, but...”
“It’s okay,” Hunter reassured her.  “It worked.  You got our attention.  So, can you tell me what happened?  I mean, how was she taken?”
Now more relaxed, Betty shared the same story she told the police trying to remember every detail she could.  “I’m so scared for her,” she finally said, tears rolling down her cheeks once again.  “But the police think her kidnapping is maybe somehow connected to you,” she added.  “Well, mostly, I guess, because I told them that you and Sam met a couple of times.
Hunter glanced at Janet.  “That’s true, we did, but I’m still trying to figure out why I’ve been targeted.  But now, with Samantha missing... I don’t know what to think.  I just don’t see how she fits into any of this at all.  I hardly know her.”
Janet sat up.  “Although,” Janet began, “maybe someone else thought you knew her better and that maybe...”
“I see what you’re saying,” Hunter said nodding thoughtfully then shook his head.  “But I still don’t understand how I fit into any of this!”  He was exasperated.  “So what you’re thinking is if they grabbed Samantha, thinking she and I were seeing each other, that they could use her to leverage me somehow?”
Janet shrugged.  “Maybe.  That seems the only logical answer, if, in fact, someone thought she was an important person in your life.”
“But I only saw her two times,” he said.  “And the only others who knew were Jim and Diane.”
“And me,” Betty said.  “And maybe...”
Hunter looked at her.  “And maybe what?”
“Well,” she made a face.  “Sam and I had an early dinner at the Resort Monday.  Afterward we took a walk around the Marina... on the boardwalk and we were standing out at the area where you can sit and watch the lake.”  She paused.
“Alright.”  Hunter motioned for her to continue.
“Anyway there was this woman sitting there listening to us and we started to chat with her.  It turns out she lives in the same area as Sam.  So I suggested they exchange contact information.  So they did.  Then her husband joined us.  He had been on the phone.  We told them about Sam’s house and the repairs... but we did not mention you for any reason.  I’m sure they wouldn’t have believed us if we said anything about you and Sam running into each other at the Home Center or having dinner together.  I mean, I didn’t even believe Janet when she said you were right next door!”
“So your point is?”  Hunter was trying to understand why she was sharing all these seemingly unrelated details.
“Oh, I don’t know.  I guess it has nothing to do with any of this.  I’m sorry.”
Hunter smiled.  “It’s okay.  We’re all upset and trying to figure things out.  You never know.  Some little piece of information could be just what we’re looking for.”
Betty looked dejected.
Hunter looked at Janet then attempted to make Betty feel a little better.  “So, can you describe these people?” he asked.
“I guess, but what good will that do?”
“You never know.  Like I said, every little piece of information could help.”
Janet followed his lead.  “He’s right.  So try to describe them.”
Betty nodded.  “Okay.  Let me think.  His wife... I think her name is Karen, is about your height, Janet, but much older, closer to my age and Sam’s.  She had short hair that’s starting to gray.  Very nice looking and pleasant.”
“Karen?” Hunter asked.
“Yes.  I’m pretty sure that’s what she said her name was.  Then her husband... he was dressed in nice clothes.  Like a business suit, you know.  A nice tie... and neatly trimmed hair.  He just seemed very professional.”
“What was his name?” Hunter asked.
“Ahh... I don’t remember.  I’m sorry.”
“That’s okay.   It’s all good information.”
Betty let out a laugh.  “I don’t know what for.  They were just a couple of nice people we talked to for a couple of minutes.”
Janet had a thought.  “Did the man get back on his phone for any reason after you all met?”
“No,” Betty said shaking her.  “Well, not that I noticed.  We just talked and then Sam and I decided to come back here.”
“This is all good,” Hunter said.  “All of it.”
“If you say so,” Betty said.  “I wish I could tell you more or think of something else to help the police.”
Janet sat down next to her.  “You’re doing great, Betty.  They’ll find your friend.”
Betty leaned back against the sofa and closed her eyes.  Janet and Hunter quietly chatted about a few things when Betty suddenly sat up.
“What is it?” Janet asked.
“This couple we talked to also know the Wesleys.”
Hunter was instantly intrigued.  “I don’t suppose the man’s name was Frank, was it?”
Betty’s mouth gaped open and she looked at him wide-eyed.  “Yes!  That was it!  Frank!”  She stared at Hunter.  “Is that important?  And how would you know his name?”
“Very important,” he said, and because I know them.
“You do?  Wait!”  Betty looked at both of them.  “Are these people involved, do you think?”
“We don’t know,” Hunter said.
Betty stared at him.  “But they could be.  That’s what you’re thinking.”
“I don’t know what I’m thinking.”
“Oh no.” Betty suddenly looked horrified.  “If they are involved... then this means that maybe...” she sat back again.  “This means that it might be my fault.”  She started to cry.  “It’s all my fault!” 
“No, Betty,” Janet said.  “How can any of this be your fault?”
“Because we practically told them everything they needed to know about Sam.”
“But you didn’t know that,” Janet insisted.
“She’s right,” Hunter said.  “How would you have known what was going to happen?”  He also sat down next to her and put his arm around her.  “Don’t blame yourself.  It’s not your fault.”  He pulled her close.  “Don’t be so hard on yourself,” he said.  “We don’t know for sure if they had anything to do with Samantha’s disappearance.”
She looked up at him, her face covered in salty tears.  “But you just said it was significant.  About the Wesleys.”    
“Okay, yes.  I did but you still cannot blame yourself for any of this.  None of it is your fault.”  Hunter smiled at her.  “Besides, you said you did not mention my name, right?  And how could Frank have possibly managed to be in more than one place at the same time, huh?  He’s out walking with his wife while the two of you are back in the Resort.  I mean, he would have had to contact someone, don’t you think?”
Betty nodded.
“And you said you didn’t see him make a call.  And you and Sam came straight back here, right?”
“Yes, but he was on the phone before we met.”
“But you hadn’t talked to him yet.”
“Oh, yeah,” Betty agreed and sniffed.  “But he still could have called someone right after we left.”
“Which means he would have had to make sure all those bad guys were standing around waiting for a last minute call.  You really think that’s what happened?”
She shook her head.  “I guess not.”
“Okay.  So, wipe your tears and go see if you can get some sleep.  Janet can stay with you tonight if you like.  Do you mind Janet?”
“I don’t mind.”
“Yes.  I think I would like that, if you don’t mind, although I still don’t really know you.”  Betty sat wiping away tears.  
“Well.  It’s up to you, but I don’t mind.”
Suddenly there was a soft tap at the door.  Everyone was startled, but Janet got up to see who it was.  Excitedly, she whispered.  “It’s the Wesleys and their friend.”
“Let them in!” Hunter said and stood up.
Janet opened the door and their guests quickly stepped inside.  Hunter happily greeted all three as did Janet.  Betty wiped her face again and stood up then gasped.
“What?” Hunter asked.
“It’s her!”  She pointed.
“Her?”
“Karen!  The woman Sam and I were talking to,” she kept pointing.
Jim held up his hands.  “I don’t know what’s going on here, but before anyone jumps to any conclusions, you all need to hear what Karen has to say.”
“Karen?” Hunter asked.  “What’s going on?”
“I don’t know for sure, but Frank’s involved in something and I’m scared.” She looked faint.
“Come sit down, Karen,” Diane said kindly.  “Do you want something?  A glass of water?”
“No.  I just need to collect my wits for a minute.”  Her hands trembled as she wiped away a few tears then looked at Betty.  “I am so sorry about your friend.  I wish I had some answers for you, but I don’t.”
Hunter sat next to her.  “Tell us what’s going on,” he said, “but take your time.”
Karen let out a heavy sigh.  “The other night I heard Frank talking to someone on the phone in his office downstairs.  I had gone to bed then forgot to pull some clothes out of the dryer to hang up.  I don’t like wrinkles,” she said then apologized.  “I’m sorry.  Anyway I almost wish I had stayed in bed.”
“Why?” Hunter asked.  “What was he saying?”
“I couldn’t understand most of what he said... his voice was too low, but the tone suggested something wasn’t right.”  She took another deep breath before continuing.
“He seemed angry or at least upset and then I heard the name Samantha.  I remembered your friend’s name is Samantha.”  She looked at Betty.  “The news story had just come out about her kidnapping.  I froze and didn’t know what to do but must have given myself away because Frank’s office door suddenly opened and I nearly jumped out of my skin.”
“What happened?” Betty asked.
Karen’s hands shook as she ran them through her short-cropped hair. “Frank looked at me angrily and demanded to know what I was doing.  I said I was headed for the laundry room but he told me to get to bed and worry about the laundry in the morning.”  She shook her head.  “That was not my husband speaking... not the man I married.  He’s suddenly become someone else and I was very frightened.  So I did what he said and about an hour later he came to bed but I couldn’t go to sleep.  He mumbled some kind of an apology... but it just wasn’t him.  I knew something wasn’t right and I could hardly wait for morning to come.  As soon as there was some light out, he got up and said he’d be late for dinner.  That was two days ago.”
Everyone looked at each other and then at Karen.
Hunter spoke.  “Have you seen him since or heard from him?”
“Not until tonight, but now he’s gone again.  But I have this feeling that I’m being watched.  The phone rang twice today, but when I answered no one was there and the caller ID was restricted.”
“You think the calls were for him?” Hunter asked, “And when you answered they hung up?”
“I don’t know.  He has a private line in his office at home.  If someone wanted to talk to him, you’d think they’d use that phone number.  I never answer it.”
“It sounds more like someone was making sure you were staying home, if you ask me,” Janet said.  “You need to stay with us.  You can use my room.  I’m going to keep Betty company tonight.”
“Thank you, because I can’t go back home.  I’m so scared.”
Hunter stood up and impulsively closed the window drapes.  “Now what do we do?”
“I’m not quite sure,” Jim said rubbing his forehead.
Hunter looked at Betty.  “You said you mentioned the Wesleys when you were talking to Karen and her husband.”
“Yes,” she said.
He looked at Jim.  “That means the two of you probably aren’t safe either.  Maybe you both should stay here too.”
“But we can’t all sleep here tonight,” Diane said.
“Sure we can,” Janet replied.  “I’m going to be with Betty so you and Diane can use my room and the guys can be in here.”
Hunter liked the idea.  “Yeah, it sounds like a plan.  Okay with everyone?”
All agreed.
Pulling Janet aside, Hunter whispered, “Good job.”
“Thanks.  You know, I’ve seen so many different sides to you Hunter, mostly in the characters you portray, but I really like who I’m seeing right now.  Tonight.  There’s more to you than the persona you tend to project.”
“Persona?”  He laughed.  “And how am I any different right now than at any other time?”
Janet shrugged.  “I guess what I’m trying to say is you’re a good man.  Really good.”
Hunter checked his watch.  “It’s getting late,” he said to everyone.  “Is there anything else we should talk about?”
No one said anything.
“Then let’s see if we can get some sleep.”
Janet excused herself and went to her room, then came back with a plastic bag.  “Ready Betty?”
“Yes,” she giggled.  “That sounded funny to me.”  She stood up.  “And thanks.  I haven’t been sleeping well since all this happened.  I think having you with me will help a little.”  They walked to the door.
“Hold on a second,” Hunter said.  He made sure the hall was clear then motioned for them to come out.  “Don’t leave your room for anything,” he counseled.
Once Karen and Diane were settled for the night in Janet’s room, Hunter and Jim sat down to talk.  “So, Hunter.”  Jim looked at his friend. “You really think Diane and I might be in danger?”
“I don’t know for sure, but why take any chances?  Whoever is doing this seems to be targeting people I know, so what’s to stop them from including the both of you now?”  He stared at a wall.  “Samantha... the Allensbys...” 
“I see your point,” Jim agreed.  “It certainly would help, though, to know why all of this is happening.”
“Yes, it would.”  Hunter continued to gaze across the room.  “If we could just pinpoint some common denominator... beside me, it would help.”
“Well... what about Frank?” Jim asked.  “I realize he’s a friend, but it seems like he’s done a one-eighty all of a sudden.”
“I know.  And that bothers me,” Hunter sat back to mull over the timeline.  “Let me think.  Monday afternoon, Janet and I flew to Arizona and all that crap hit the fan.  On that same day, Samantha was abducted and then in the early hours of Tuesday morning the Allensbys were murdered.  Janet and I ended up in Canada but someone found us and now we’re back here.”  He shook his head.  “Three days.  It’s unbelievable.”
Jim let out a laugh.  “Yes, and when was it that Karen said Frank was so upset? You know, the conversation she overheard?”
“I think she said either Monday or Tuesday and that he seemed very upset and agitated for some reason.”
“And Karen said she heard him say Samantha’s name,” Jim reminded him.
“Yeah.  Samantha.  Why would he be talking about her?”
“It’s no coincidence,” Jim said.  “How would he even know about her?”
“Me,” Hunter replied.  “Remember?  The funds for fixing up her house are being handled through his firm.  We didn’t want her to know I was paying for everything.”
“You’re right.  I forgot.”
“Yeah, but he could have been talking to someone about something else that was similar to Samantha’s disappearance, you know?”
“I think that’s unlikely.”
“He’s just my attorney!” Hunter sputtered.  “He lives and works here in northern Idaho while this whole mess has been going on all over the place, not just here.  You know... Arizona, California... heck, now I wonder about that little episode in Wyoming... and the one in Canada!  But why would he be involved in any of it to begin with?”
Hunter was stumped then stiffened.  “Canada.  Canada!”  He stood up.  “I called Frank while we were in Canada to ask for some help.  He was very interested in where we were.  In fact, he demanded to know.  At the time I didn’t think anything about telling him where we were.  Like you said, he’s been a friend, in addition to one of my attorneys.”
“Okay,” Jim said.  “But what if... in spite of what you just said... what if Frank is the common denominator, as unlikely as it may seem to you or as much as you don’t want it to be him.”  Jim left his thought hanging.
Hunter frowned.  “Well, if he is, that would mean...” he began and stared at Jim. “If he’s involved in any part of this...”
“Then maybe there’s more to Frank than we both realized,” Jim said, finishing Hunter’s thought.
“Yeah,” Hunter agreed.  Both men continued to talk quietly before finally deciding to turn in.
“Just a warning.”  Jim said with a grin.  “I snore.”
“That’s okay,” Hunter said.  “So do I.”
Suddenly Karen rushed from the adjoining room, followed by Diane, and held out her phone to Hunter.  “It’s Frank,” she whispered anxiously.  “He texted me.”
Hunter took a look.  The message read, “Where are you? Been trying to reach you.”  He looked at Karen.  “Text him back and say the Wesleys invited you to dinner and you’ll head home soon.”
Karen looked confused.  “Are you sure?” she asked.
“Yes, then give me your phone.”
Karen did as he instructed then gave Hunter her phone.  He promptly removed the battery.
“Why did you do that?” she asked.  “What if he tries to reach me again and I don’t answer?”
“If he hasn’t already done so, he would have tracked you here using your phone’s GPS.  But in case he hasn’t yet, we can’t take the risk of being discovered.”
Jim was concerned.  “If he thinks she’s with us, won’t he go to our home to check?”
Hunter grimaced and rubbed the top of his head.  “Where’s a good script when you need one,” he mumbled.
Suddenly Jim’s phone rang.  His eyebrows shot up.  “Now he’s calling me.”
“You might as well answer,” Hunter said dismally.
Jim did so. “Hello?” He listened briefly then responded.  “No problem.  I usually stay up late.”  He listened again and smiled.  “Well we hadn’t seen both of you for a while and thought it might be nice to have dinner together.  But Karen said you were going to be out of town so we decided we could at least have dinner with her.”  
He listened.  “Yes, if you like.  Sure.  She was getting ready to go home but, we’d love to have her stay with us.  How long will you be gone, not that it matters, but I’m sure she’ll wonder.”  He listened.  “No, that’s fine.  Not a problem.  Okay.  We’ll wait to hear from you.”  Jim ended the call with a look of surprise then said, “Frank asked if Karen could stay with us for the next several days until he gets back from a business trip.”
The four of them stood looking at each other.  Finally Hunter spoke up.  “Didn’t expect that.  In fact, it puts a whole new twist on things.”
“I’ll say,” Jim agreed.
“Did he say where he was?” Karen asked.  “I’m worried because he’s never expressed any concern about me staying home alone before.”
“He did not say where he was and you make an interesting point,” Jim replied.  “I thought I could hear voices in the background and he lowered his voice when he asked about you staying with us.  It was as if he didn’t want anyone else to hear him.”
Hunter took a deep breath and blew it out.  “I’m completely at a loss as to what we should do.”  He stared at Karen’s phone then replaced the battery and handed it back.  “Don’t want to raise any suspicions,” he said then sat down on the sofa and stared straight ahead again.
“I guess the next question is whether Diane and Karen and I should go home,” Jim said.
Hunter didn’t look up.  “I suppose that would be okay,” he said.  “Yeah.  Might as well.” 
Diane wasn’t so certain.  “Are you sure that’s a good idea?”
Hunter shrugged.  “If Frank wants his wife to be in the company of you and Jim, he’s likely going to make sure you’re all safe.”  He stood up and walked the Wesleys and Karen to the door.  He hugged the women and shook hands with Jim.  “Hope you all sleep well,” he said.
“You too, my friend,” Jim replied.
“Pray for us?” Hunter asked with an awkward grin.
“We always do,” Jim replied.


Chapter Nineteen
Betty awoke to find Janet standing at their window gazing out at the lake and the soft, morning sunlight.  “Everything okay?” she asked groggily.
“Yes,” Janet replied without looking around.  “Just thinking.”
Betty stretched but didn’t get up.  “Did you sleep okay?”
“I think so.  You?”
“Better than I have been but I’m still tired.  Thank you for being my roommate, though.”
Janet finally turned around and smiled.  “You’re welcome.”
Betty rose up on her elbows.  “So what are you thinking about?”
“All kinds of stuff,” Janet replied, “but mostly I think it’s time to be a little more proactive.”
“Proactive?” Betty asked. “What do you mean?”
“I think it’s time we start doing our own surveillance,” she said.  “I’m beginning to feel like we are all prisoners here.  Sure, it’s a pretty nice prison, but I don’t want to stay cooped up in a hotel room forever.”
“So what do you think we should do?”
Janet grinned. “Do you have any makeup with you or hair products?”
“Sure I do, but why?”
“Good!  Then I want to go on a treasure hunt!”
“A treasure hunt?  With my makeup?”  Betty climbed out of bed.
“We can’t just sit around and wait for the police to come up with something,” Janet replied.  “I think we, or at least I, should go downstairs and mingle.  See what I can find out.  Listen to staff chatting with each other.  Strike up some conversation.  You know... do a little detective work.”  She turned back around watching the sky grow light.  “Yeah.  Detective work.”
“I don’t know if Hunter would like that.”
“I’ll talk him into it.  Besides, I’ve done this type of thing before... for Gerry.  So I can do it for us.”  Janet’s phone rang.  “Good morning,” she said.  “Breakfast?  Sure.  You have some place in mind?”  She listened.  “Oh okay.  Room service is fine.  We’ll come to you.  Oh, and Hunter?  Disguise your voice.”  She laughed.  “See you in a bit.”

An hour later, the three of them were eating breakfast and discussing their situation in general.  Finally Betty nudged Janet.
“What,” she asked.
“Tell Hunter your plan.”
Janet gave Betty a look suggesting she wasn’t ready to do that.
Hunter looked up.  “What plan?”
“It’s nothing important.” Janet gave Betty another look.
Hunter put his fork down.  “Tell me.  If you have an idea, I’d like to hear it.”
Hesitating, Janet finally stood up and placed her hands on her hips.  “Okay.  Fine.  I wanted to think about this a little longer but since someone brought it up...”
Betty looked down.  “Sorry,” she said.
Janet stood thinking a moment before she said anything.  “Okay.  I just think we need to do something ourselves.  We need to find our own clues.”
“And how do you propose to do that?” Hunter asked.
Janet took a deep breath.  “I want to...”  She paused.  “I want to go downstairs and mingle and talk to people.  You know schmooze them.  I’ll disguise myself a little with some of Betty’s makeup.”
Hunter burst out laughing.  “You think you’re going to find out more than the police already have?”
Instantly offended, she replied, “You never know!  People get nervous when they talk to the police, but almost anyone will start talking to strangers about all kinds of stuff, especially if it’s juicy.  And they keep adding more and more to their stories so before you know it, you practically know their entire life story but also just about everything else that’s happened within the past couple of days.  All I have to do is get the ball rolling and nudge it along here and there.”
“Juicy,” Hunter repeated with a smirk.
“Yes.”
Betty brightened.  “Besides, she used to do this kind of stuff for Gerry!”
Hunter looked at Betty then Janet.  “What do you mean you’ve done this for Gerry?  When?  Why?”
“You know, Betty dear...” Janet started to comment but threw up her hands instead and continued talking to Hunter.  “You and I both know how paranoid he was... all the time.  So, he started to invite me to parties at his home.  I’d mingle, chat, glean little tidbits of information and then report back to him.”  She made a face at Hunter’s look of disbelief.  “It’s what people do!  You know that.  Besides, it was kind of fun... at first.”
“Seriously.  You spied for him?”
“It was part of my job.  And since I liked having a roof over my head, I did it.  It wasn’t like I was robbing a bank or anything.  I’d just idly chit-chat with all those high-and-mighty people.”  She paused.  “Most of them thought I was some young actress he was grooming, so they’d give me all kinds of advice, quite a bit about him, as a matter of fact.”  Then she added, “It’s amazing what some of those people were willing, and eager, to tell me.”
 Betty looked at Janet in surprise.  “Are you an actress?”
“Oh, heck no.  I was just Mr. Allensby’s personal assistant.”
“I see,” Betty said. “And now he’s dead.”
Hunter’s face was grim.  “Yes, now he’s dead and so is his wife, and I don’t want you to end up dead too!  So, no chit-chatting!”
“Oh.  I see.  You’re just going to sit around here and wait for god-knows-who to figure out what’s going on in their own sweet time!”  She was angry and looked at Betty.  “Have the police been in touch with you?”
“Well, no... but I figured they didn’t have anything to tell me yet.  It’s only been three days.”
“Maybe so, but you see!” Janet exclaimed.  “You’d think they would at least give her call or something to help keep her hopes up.”
“Yeah, you would think so,” Betty agreed.
“Certainly, someone saw something!”
“And they have the surveillance tapes,” Betty said.
“Surveillance tapes,” Hunter was surprised.  “What surveillance tapes?”
“The ones they asked me to look at.”
“And?”
“And I did and I saw me and Sam and this other couple and the guy who took her...”
“Wait!”  Hunter was now on his feet.  “Why didn’t you mention this before?”
“I thought I did,” Betty said and frowned.  “Didn’t I?”
“I don’t remember anything about surveillance tapes.  I don’t know maybe you did.  There just so much going on!”  He rubbed his forehead.  “Okay.  So they could still be gathering information.  If they don’t have much yet, they probably didn’t think it was worth telling her anything,” he said.  “Yeah.  Maybe... because it’s still an ongoing investigation, they’re keeping everything close to their chest so they don’t spook someone.”
Now it was Janet’s turn to stare in disbelief.  “Oh, come on!  Will you stop pretending this is a movie!”
“I’m not pretending anything!” he shot back.
“Then think about it!  There’s got to be more to Samantha’s abduction than anyone is saying.  Why take her!  There’s been no ransom demand or Betty would have been told by now.”
Hunter just shook his head.  “I don’t know what to think.”
“Okay... what if the FBI... or someone... has talked to the police and convinced them to keep things quiet, hmm?”
“Keep quiet about what?” he asked.  “They can’t tell us something if they don’t know anything!  And what makes you think you’re going to be able to find out stuff they haven’t been able to?  You’re not a cop.”
“Exactly.  And as I’ve already explained, people will talk to strangers a lot more easily than they will the police.”  She tried to calm down.  “No one is going to figure it out, Hunter, because they obviously don’t have a clue!  And have they been doing anything?  Plus we all know there’s got to be more to this than Samantha’s abduction!  Like I said, why take her!”
She continued.  “We need substantial information so we can try to put the pieces together and figure it out.”  She began to pace.  “I’m not stupid.  I know what needs to be done and I’m good at it!”  She stopped.  “If the two of you want to hide in your rooms, fine, but I’m going get some answers whether you like it or not!”
Janet headed for the door.  “I’ll see you all later!” She stormed out into the hall and firmly pulled the door shut.
Hunter started after her then stopped.  “She can’t go off half-cocked!” he said angrily just as his phone rang.  “Hello!” he barked.
“It’s Jim.”
“I’m sorry, didn’t mean to yell.  Anyway, good morning.  How’d you sleep?”
“Not so good,” Jim said.  “And I think we may have a situation here.”
“A situation?” Hunter asked with concern.
Jim quickly explained that they had gone to Karen’s after leaving the Resort so she could pick up a few things and then thought they were being followed on their way back home.  “But I haven’t said anything to Diane or Karen.”
“You think someone’s watching your place?”
“Yes.”
Hunter let out a loud sigh, “I see.  Have you called the police or sheriff?”
“No, because I can’t prove anything.”
“But you’re sure you were followed?”
“Pretty sure,” Jim said.  “A set of headlights were behind us all the way back to our neighborhood.  They finally turned at the corner just before our block.  As late as it was, it sure seemed strange that someone else would be going the same way we were, especially to a small community like Rathdrum.
“You want to come back here?” Hunter asked.
Jim hesitated.  “I don’t think that’s a good idea.  If someone is looking for you, we’d be leading them right to you.”
“I suppose so, although I have this nagging feeling they already know we’re here.
“Perhaps,” Jim said. “So how are you folks doing otherwise?”
Hunter let out a laugh.  “I don’t know.  Betty and I are sitting here looking at each other while Janet’s out on some wild goose chase thinking she’s going to find some clues to all of this.”
“How?”
“In her words, chit-chatting.  Hoping to come up with something juicy, as she put it.”
Jim chuckled.
Hunter continued. “Yeah, well apparently she used to do this type of thing for Gerry.  But I’m worried.  If she says the wrong thing to the wrong person...”
“I see what you mean,” Jim, said then paused.  “Hold on,” he whispered.  “Someone just knocked at the front door.  I’ll set the phone down so you can listen... just in case.”
Hunter waited anxiously and could hear Jim talking to someone briefly and then the sound of the door closing.
“That was interesting,” he said to Hunter.
“Interesting?”
“Yes.  It was the police.  They said they were canvassing the neighborhood asking if anyone had seen anything unusual or out of the ordinary late last night or early this morning.”
“What did you tell them?”
“That I hadn’t seen anyone.” he said.
“What about your suspicions about being followed?”
“I almost said something, but decided not to.  It didn’t feel like a good idea, and like I said, I can’t prove anything.”
“You’re sure they were legitimate police?” Hunter asked impulsively.
Jim was quiet.
“Jim?”
“I didn’t think about that.  I didn’t see a police car.  Of course if they are going door to door, they could have parked down the street somewhere.”
“How many were there?”
“Two plain clothes officers, but they had badges... and... and I think I just fell for one of the oldest tricks in the book, didn’t I?”
“I wouldn’t say that,” Hunter said, attempting to soften Jim obvious dismay.  “Why not call the police and ask if they are conducting a search?”
“That’s a good idea,” Jim said.  “I’ll do that and get back to you.”  Five minutes later he was back on the phone.  “Would you be surprised if I said the police are not conducting a door to door search for anyone?”
Hunter moaned.  “No.”
“So now what?”
“Maybe you should all come back downtown for breakfast, but go someplace other than the Resort.  There are some nice places on Sherman Avenue.  Just hang out in crowded places and stay together!”
“We can do that and I’ll stay in touch.”
“Okay, but text me.  It will be more discreet,” Hunter said.  “In the meantime Betty and I will wait for our little super snoop to come back.  I think she’s wasting her time, but if she does find out anything, I’ll let you know.”
“Sounds good,” Jim said and they hung up.
Hunter walked to the window and parted the drapes enough to stare out at the lake.
Betty timidly joined him. “Who was that?”
“Oh, it was Jim.  He and the gals are coming into town for breakfast.”
Betty simply nodded then walked back to the sofa and sat down.  Unsure what to do, she finally got up and said she was going back to her own room.  “Would you like me to push the breakfast cart out to the hallway on my way?”
“Sure,” he said turning around with a smile.  “Thank you.”  He looked back at the lake then stopped her.  “No.  Wait.”  Walking to the door, he took a peek then escorted Betty to the hall.  “I’ll wait for you to get inside your room.  I’ll take care of the cart.”
Betty hurried to her room and quickly closed the door making sure the extra lock was in place.  Anxious and agitated, she decided to watch some television and picked up the remote control.  Finding a movie that was already in progress, she settled on the sofa and sat back, eventually dozing off.
Hunter closed his drapes against the sun, now shining brightly, and decided to lie down.  He stared at the ceiling.  “Could things get any worse?” he asked himself.  Closing his eyes, he mulled over everything again, but quickly became frustrated in the process.  Anxious to hear from Jim, he got up and paced until the phone indicated he was getting a text.  The message read, “Down the street at the Day Break Café.  We’ll take our time.”  Somewhat relieved they were close by he lay down again and drifted off to asleep.

A soft click at the adjoining room door startled Hunter awake.  He was on his feet in an instant and desperately looked for something to grab.  At the same moment, Janet quietly stepped into his darkened room.
“Hunter?” she called out softly.  “You here?”
“I’m here,” he said with relief.  “Where have you been?”
“Doing my job,” she said without hesitation.
Even though still agitated, he was relieved she was back safe and got out of bed.  Giving her a big hug he looked at her and shook his head.  “No more running off like that.  You had me worried, young lady.”  
She smiled at him then peeled away.  “I told you I’d be fine,” she said. 
He stood looking at her and grinned.  “You call that a disguise?”  She was dressed in jeans and a T-shirt, with her hair pulled into a pony tail and a little too much makeup.  “Okay, well?  Did you find out anything?”
“Actually, I did.”  She made her way to the sofa and turned on a table lamp before sitting down. “Like I said, people love to talk.  Just give them a reason and let them go!”  She laughed.  “It’s so easy.”
“For you, maybe.”  He sat down next to her.  “Okay.  Tell me what you found out.”
“It’s always best to chat with the hired help.  They generally feel walked on and are the first ones to share secrets.”
“Like?”
“Like... the day Samantha was taken, Monday evening wasn’t it?  One of the staff actually saw some of that surveillance footage and a photo of the guy who took her.”
“I wish we had a copy of that.”
Janet grinned as she pulled a folded piece of paper from her back pocket.  “You mean this one?”  She handed it to him.
“How did you get this?”  He looked at the image.  “Can’t see his face, though.”
“I know, but still, we now know he isn’t some short wimpy guy.”
“But how did you get this?” he asked again.
“I talked the guy into getting it for me.  I said I worked for a private detective that the family had hired to do their own investigation.”
“You lied.”
“I embellished,” she said.  “Who’s to say that Betty and I didn’t have a conversation this morning about Samantha?  I’m mean, they’re practically family.  What if she and I discussed what I was going to do?  And what if she insisted that I do some investigating to help find her sister?”
Hunter gave her a dubious look.  “The two of you did not have that conversation.”
“How would you know?  We could have, but it isn’t important if we did or didn’t.  He just needed to think that was the case... the family paying for extra detective work.  People do it all the time.”
Hunter threw up his hands.  “You are not a detective.  Not a spy.”
“Oh ye of little faith!” Janet protested.  “I’m not through yet.”  Hunter looked bemused and she continued.  “While Phillip, that’s his name, by the way, anyway while Phillip was getting me a copy of the photo, a couple of other staff came up to me and we got to talking.  Then when Phillip came back he told them I work for a P.I. they began asking all kinds of questions about what it’s like to do detective work so I dropped a couple of names to see where that would get me.”
“Uh-huh.” Hunter rolled his hand.  “Get to the point.
“That’s all it took.  They started telling me all kinds of things.  I was a little surprised to find out how many well-known people have come here over the years, even if just for dinner.  Anyway, a lot of it didn’t have anything to do with Samantha, but I listened and plucked the juicy pieces.”
“Here we go again... juicy,” he said. “You really like that word, don’t you?”
Ignoring his remark, Janet continued. “So Phillip invites me to have lunch with him and while we’re sitting and gazing out at the marina he starts to tell me that two other staff were... let’s say, getting cozy out behind the parking garage that night.  They were hiding in some shadows when they heard a door open from the main building.  It’s one that most people don’t use.
“Well, they stayed in the shadows then watched as this guy came out carrying a woman.  He took her to a dark blue van parked nearby.  They said she looked limp, like she was unconscious, so they got really curious and kept watching.  One of them managed to take some pictures with his phone camera, without a flash by the way.  I was impressed.  Anyway, take a look.”  She pulled out her phone.  “He sent them to me.”
Hunter stared in amazement.  “It sure looks like Samantha,” he said as he scrolled through the images.  “And!” he got excited.  “They got a shot of his face!  Did they report any of this to the police?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“They weren’t supposed to be out there.  They worried they’d get in trouble and lose their jobs.”
He stared at the image.  “We’ll have to show this to Betty.”
“I’ll get her,” Janet said and walked to the door.  “The cool thing is...” she stopped and looked back at him.  “I did find out something more than the police.”  Moments later she and Betty were back.  Betty sat next to Hunter who handed her the phone.  “What do you think?” he asked as Betty scrolled through the photos.
“Yes!  Definitely Sam!” she replied breathlessly.  “I recognize her clothes.”
“What about this picture?” Hunter asked, showing her the image of the man.  “Is that him?”
Betty slowly began to nod.  “It’s not the best picture, but yes... I remember.  It’s him.  Big and ugly.”  She sat back.  “Now more than ever I’m worried about Sam.”
“We’ll have to show these to the police, you know,” he said.
“I know,” Janet replied.  “But I promised to keep my sources anonymous.”
“Uh-huh,” Hunter mumbled then put his arm around Betty.  “So you didn’t see photos like this.”
“No,” she said.  “But you know, I’m just a friend and not family so I don’t expect they would have to show me anything.”
“That shouldn’t matter,” Hunter replied pulling her close.  “It’s not like you weren’t there at the time.  You’re a victim in all of this too.  So you’re sure this is the guy?” he pointed to the photo again.
“Pretty sure.  Yes.  Because I remember what he was wearing now that I’m looking at the photo,” she said.  “That’s him.  I recognize his arm.  See there?”  She pointed.  “That tattoo?  That’s what I remember, not so much his face.”
“The tattoo,” Hunter said.
“Yes because he reached between me and Sam to push his floor button.  I didn’t turn around and look at him, mostly because that other couple and I were talking, but now I remember that.  Then when the elevator stopped I stepped out and the other couple followed me.  I thought Sam was right behind them.”
“Had you ever see them before?” he asked. “That couple?”
“No.  The police asked me the same question.  I hadn’t seen them before or after.  Maybe they just came here for dinner.”
“Then what were they doing getting off on this floor?” he asked.
“Oh, yeah,” she said.
“Unless... they really were staying here and maybe left already.”  
Janet shook her head. “I don’t agree.  I really think they were acting as decoys.”
Hunter agreed.  “You may be right.  Keeping Betty distracted long enough for that thug to take Samantha.” He stared at the photos again.  “Okay,” he said, handing back the phone.  “I guess you did alright but you need to share those with the police.  They might be able to run his mug through their facial recognition system... if they have one.”
“Alright, but I’m not finished,” she said.
“You have more?”
“I do.  After lunch, Phillip and I strolled along the boardwalk and finally sat down to watch the boats.  Then he started to tell me about some FBI guys that had shown up and were asking questions.”
“FBI?” Hunter was very interested.  “I wonder what they...” he was interrupted by a quick tap at the door.  He got up and motioned for Betty and Janet to stay quiet then peeked through the peep hole.  Instantly he opened the door and Jim, Diane, and Karen hurried inside.  Hunter closed it quietly but firmly and everyone gathered in the living area.
“What’s up?” he asked his friends.
“I still think we’re being followed,” Jim said nervously. “And by two men who looked a lot like those plain clothes cops that came around earlier this morning.”
“Did they follow you here?”
“More than likely but I didn’t know what else to do.  We stopped at three different places this morning.”  He glanced at his wife.  “What did you call it?”
“A progressive brunch,” she said with a smile.
“Yeah, then we’ve spent the past few hours wandering through shops and going down to the beach for a while.  We did our best to elude them, but who knows?”
Diane spoke up. “We didn’t know what was going on at first, until Jim finally said something while we were at the beach.”
“Yeah,” Karen said.  “We were wondering why he was taking us all over the place.”
“Yes and now we’re scared,” Diane said, “especially when Jim shared his suspicions about being followed last night.”
“I wonder if they might be some of those FBI guys Janet was just talking about,” Betty suggested.
“FBI?” Karen asked.  “Here?  Did anyone mention their names?”
“Not that I heard,” Janet replied.
“How many FBI?” Hunter wanted to know.  “Did they say?”
“It sounded like more than one but I don’t know for sure,” Janet replied.  “Maybe two or three, but that’s just a guess.  Anyway, they showed up last night.”
Karen gasped and turned away.
Hunter looked at her, “You okay?”
She said nothing and wouldn’t look at him.
Hunter walked over to her.  “You’re not telling us something.  What is it?”
Karen teared up.  “I’m not supposed to say,” she whispered.
“Not supposed to say what?  We’ve got stuff going on here and we need some answers.  What aren’t you telling us?  If you know something, Karen, you need to let us know.”
“It’s about Frank,” she said.
Jim reached for her hand.  “What is it Karen?” he asked gently.
“He’s... he’s an FBI agent,” she said.  “And there was another man at the house last night.  They were going to go on a business trip together at least that’s what he told me.”
“FBI!”  Hunter was surprised.  “I thought he was an attorney.”
“He is, but that’s his cover.  He primarily works undercover for the FBI.”
“How long have you known this?”  Hunter asked.
“About two years.  I don’t think I was ever supposed to know, but something happened.  Some other man showed up at our home one evening and Frank took him into his office without introducing us.  That seemed strange to me, because Frank always introduces me to people he knows and works with, whether we’re at home or out somewhere. This was different, though, and Frank seemed... not at all pleased.
“I started to go to the kitchen when I heard the other man raise his voice and threaten Frank and I heard him mention my name.”  She wiped her face.  “I didn’t like the tone of that man’s voice.  That unnerved me, so I hurried to the kitchen and stayed there until the man left.”
“How long did he stay?” Hunter asked.
“Not long.  Maybe ten minutes at the most.  Then Frank found me in the kitchen and I must have had a look on my face.  He apologized that the guy showed up and I told him he didn’t need to apologize for that.  Then he held me and told me how much he loved me and that he would always be there for me.”  Karen paused and looked at everyone.  “It was so strange. The tone of Frank’s voice, his whole demeanor.  I was worried.”
“Then what?” Hunter asked.
“We had dinner and hardly spoke a word to each other.  Finally, he said he needed to tell me something and that’s when I found out.  I was so shocked.  I started to ask about the man, but he just shook his head emphatically and said I wasn’t to ask about anything or speak of it.  He told me not to tell anyone about him being in the FBI.  He made me promise.”
Hunter was confused.  “Do FBI agents really keep that sort of thing a secret from their families?  I thought they were pretty open about being agents.”
“Hard to say,” Jim remarked.  “It wouldn’t surprise me if there are some of them who keep it all a secret for some reason.”
“Why do you think he decided to tell you?” Diane asked.
“I’m not sure other than having that man show up seemed to trigger it, I guess.  But now, when he asked if you and Jim would let me stay with you, I think he’s worried about my safety.” 
Hunter agreed.  “Yes and it also sounds like maybe he’s gotten himself into something deeper than he’s comfortable with.”
Janet was fidgety and went to the window.  Parting the drapes slightly, she looked outside at the afternoon sunshine and glimmering lake, then asked, “Do you think it’s safe for any of us to be here?”  She turned around.  “Frank texted Karen then he called Jim.  If he’s involved in something sinister, by now I’d expect some not-so-nice guys are keeping an eye on the place.  They will have tracked the Wesleys’ phones, don’t you think?”  She gestured toward Jim and Diane, “And by now know exactly where we all are.”
“Oh, dear,” Diane said.  “Jim?”
Jim tried to temper the mood.  “Before we all start panicking, let’s see what else we can find out from the police.”
“Are you really sure you want to do that?” Janet asked.
“Why shouldn’t we?”
Janet was exasperated.  “Come on!  Think!  What if these other people have gotten to them already?”
“Gotten to them?”
“Yes.  Told the police things... convinced them that we’re not trustworthy or that they need to take us in for questioning or watch us or something?  What if these FBI guys have asked them to keep an eye on us and follow us around?”
“For what purpose?” Diane asked.
“That’s what I’ve been trying to find out!” Janet said emphatically.
Hunter threw up his hands in frustration. “This is getting us nowhere!”
Janet continued. “We have to dig up our own clues.  That’s all there is to it.  I know the police are good at their jobs and follow up on leads and stuff, but... it seems like everyone is dragging their heels.  We need answers now!”
“You may be right,” Hunter conceded.  “You would think the police might have said something to tell Betty by now... one way or another, especially if they have been following up on the surveillance footage,” he said.  “But even so, we have to trust someone.  Why not the police?”
Janet shook her head emphatically.  “No!  I vote we don’t go to the police!  Not yet.” Janet reiterated.  “We find our own clues and do our own investigating!”  She began to pace.  “We can use any of their clues, based on what Betty has been able to share, along with our own information and the photos I just got.  I can keep snooping around but we’re running out of time because any guests who may have seen or heard anything may have already checked out or they’re getting ready to.”
Hunter ran both hands through his hair.  “You really think you’re going to be able to keep running around talking to people with no particular reason in mind, and not raise suspicion?  You really think everyone you talk to is going to tell you everything we need to know.  Just like that.”
Janet glared at him.  “Fine!  Never mind!” She sat down.
Jim intervened. “Okay.  Enough!  Both of you simmer down.  We’re all on edge and getting worked up!  Just calm down.”  He lowered his voice.  “Everyone.  Please just sit down.  Let’s talk this through.”  He took a deep breath and blew it out hard.  
“Janet is right about one thing,” Jim said.  “The fact that the police haven’t gotten in touch with Betty recently concerns me.  She was directly involved in all of this from the outset.”  Jim looked at Janet.  “You said something about some photos.”
 “Yes,” Janet said.  “A staff member managed to get some shots of the kidnapper!”
Hunter interrupted.  “Can you send those to the police?”
“I can try,” Janet said.  She got on her phone while Jim kept talking.
“Okay,” he said.  “So let’s look at all the pieces of the puzzle we have right now.”
“Where do you want to start?” Hunter asked.
“When did things begin to happen?  The unusual things?” Jim asked.
“Arizona,” Janet piped up still working with her phone.
“No,” Hunter said.  “Actually the first thing was getting Buster.”
“Buster?” Janet stopped what she was doing.
“Yes.  From that ditzy woman.  Unkempt.  Smoked like a chimney.”
“Okay puzzle piece number one,” Jim said.  Diane jumped up and dug around in a drawer for some paper and a pen.  He grinned.  “Good idea, honey.”
“Then Arizona?” Janet asked.
“No.  Then there was the break-in at my house and I got shot at.”
“Shot at!  Really?  Did you tell me that?”  Janet tried to remember.  “So then someone has tried to shoot you twice.”
“Yeah.  Twice,” he said.  “Two times too many.”
Jim thought for a moment.  “Any small details about anything that’s happened?  Like when you got Buster, was there anything familiar about the woman?”
“Familiar?”  Hunter chuckled.  “Hell, no.  I could hardly wait to take Buster and head for home.  She was such a hick, and slovenly, and...”
“Okay,” Jim smiled.  “Obviously an unpleasant woman.”
“Yeah, plus Buster had been mistreated by someone.  Both vets said he had scars on his back.”
“Both vets?” Jim asked.
“One I took him to and then the one Frank took him to.”
“Why did he do that... take Buster to another vet, that is?”
“I don’t know but he seemed to think it was important that his guy take a look at him.”
“And his collar was missing,” Karen added.
“That’s right,” Hunter said.  “You know it’s interesting that more than one person has commented about that collar specifically.”
“What was so important about it?” Jim asked.
“I don’t know.  It was just a bright blue collar with some silver-looking stud-things on it.”
“Frank seemed interested in it, too, as I recall,” Karen said.  “He kept fingering it.”
“Fingering it?” Jim asked.
“Yes, but probably because it looked rather impressive, wouldn’t you say so Hunter?”
“I guess.  It did look expensive.”
“You think Buster might have been stolen?” Jim asked.
“Stolen.”  Hunter shook his head.  “I don’t think so.”
“But the woman you described wouldn’t strike me as being the type of person who would purchase an expensive collar for a dog.”
Hunter looked at him and nodded.  “You right.  That’s doesn’t fit.”  Hunter leaned against the back of the sofa.  “Well, it doesn’t matter.  I got him a new one.  A blue one but without a bunch of stuff on it.  Just a collar.
Janet walked over and sat next to Hunter.  “I sent them.  I hope someone gets the email,” she said.  “I have another idea, based on Buster’s collar.  What if...” she began.
“What if what?” Betty asked.
“Well... what if the collar had been bugged somehow?”
“Bugged?” Betty asked.
“Yes.”
Jim was intrigued. “Even if it was why would the veterinarian take it?”
Karen spoke up, “The vet’s office didn’t know anything about a collar.  It wasn’t listed on their paperwork for Buster when I picked him up.”
“So who would have taken it?” Betty asked.
“The only other person who could have done that was Frank,” Hunter said.  “He was alone with Buster when he took him to the veterinarian’s.  He didn’t want me to come along.  He said I should keep a low profile for a while.  Buster was wearing the collar when he left the house with Frank.”
“Okay,” Jim said.  “Buster’s collar winds up missing.  Your house is broken into and you get shot at, and then you stayed with the Bradleys for a couple a days, is that right?”
“Yes, while a new surveillance system was installed at my home.”
“You bought a new system?”
“Frank arranged for that...” Hunter voice trailed off.  “But.  That was after the break in.”
Jim nodded.  “Interesting.  Okay, then what?”
“Frank said it was okay for me to move back home, so I did.  Oh, and my brother called one morning to check up on me... which he rarely does.  That was annoying, and then Gerry called and asked me to go to Arizona on a trumped up request.  And that’s when Janet and I had our unpleasant encounter with the black chopper.  It came swooping in, armed with rockets.  There was a handoff then someone shot at me!” He looked at Janet.
“Yes!” she said.  “And they shot Brian who jumped on the plane just before we took off!”
“Did he die?” Jim asked.
“We thought he might have but he was wearing some kind of fancy vest that oozed fake blood.”  Hunter sat thinking.  “You know... if we hadn’t experienced all of this personally, I’d say this was some kind of a cheesy crime film.”
Jim had to laugh.  “So what else?” he asked.
“Okay, so we took off like a bat out of hell figuring someone would come back to clean up their botched up mess.  After some tricky flying we ended up in Wyoming at a little airport I’ve been to a few times before.  We needed fuel and food.”
“Right,” Janet said.  “Hunter sent the manager, or whatever he is, a coded message.  So when we got there, a fuel truck was waiting for us, and Hunter’s friend brought out a bag of food.”
“And then a sheriff’s car showed up and raced across the airfield and onto the runway,” Hunter said.  “We were already starting our run, though, and I wasn’t about to stop for anyone at this point.  I barely lifted off over the top of the patrol car.  So we bugged out of there and flew to Washington where we stayed with my Uncle Joe and his wife Vera for one night.”
Jim sat back.  “Well, someone may have found out you were coming and called the sheriff simply because of who you are.  You know it isn’t often a high-profile Hollywood actor shows up in a small town unexpectedly.”
“But how would anyone know?” Janet argued.  “We never got off the plane!” 
“So what happened to Brian?” Diane asked.  “Why isn’t he still with you?”
Hunter looked disgusted. “He disappeared... while we were staying at Joe’s.  So we got a little spooked by that and flew the heck out of there in a big hurry, and so did Joe and Vera.  Joe has his own plane.”
“Yes,” Janet said, “And they have Buster.  But you forgot about finding Brian’s bloody shirt and that vest in Joe’s trash.”
“That’s right.” he said grim-faced. “But that was before we ended up in Canada.”
“Canada!”  Jim was confused.  “If the FBI issued an alert about you and your plane, with the possibility you might be a flight risk, for instance, once you crossed the International border into Canada, you would have been arrested the minute you walked through customs.”
“You’re right, and I had turned the transponder back on intentionally to avoid any suspicion.”  He frowned. “So why didn’t the Canadian authorities detain us?”  He looked at everyone.  “In fact, we landed at an airfield that also supports a small military base at Comox, so if anyone would have detained us, it would have been them.”
“That does seem odd.” Jim agreed.
Janet stood up excitedly.  “What if the FBI alert was some kind of a...”
“An isolated alert,” Hunter filled in.
“Yes, or a hoax,” she suggested.
“Yeah, maybe they only faxed it to a few small airports along our flight path.” Hunter stared at the wall.  “What if...”
“Oh, my gosh!” Janet exclaimed.  “They know where we are!  They’ve always known where we were... all along!”
Jim sat quietly. “Or just hopeful,” he finally said.
“Hopeful?” Betty asked.
Jim nodded. “That manager at the Wyoming airport, you trust him?”
“Absolutely,” Hunter said.
“Okay, then let’s say, whoever is doing this, did fax some kind of alert to a handful of small airports.  After a while they’d start calling each one for any information.” He paused.  “Could be your friend might have waited until you were safely gone before saying anything.  Obviously others saw you land and take off.  And if your departure was as dramatic as you made it sound, that would have gotten a lot of attention.”
“I suppose you’re right,” Hunter said.  “But how did the sheriff get there so fast?”
“He undoubtedly received one of those possible faxes and got excited about the prospect of you possibly showing up at his airport.  So he raced over just as you were taking off.  Who knows?  Although, I’m sure you made his day with your takeoff stunt.”
Hunter had to laugh.  “Yeah, it was pretty intense for a brief moment.”
Jim looked at Hunter.  “So why did you come back here?”
“I’m tired and fed up... and I just wanted to come home.”
Jim nodded.  “So they may have been able to track you as far as Wyoming.”
“Yes, but we headed east for several miles when we left there, before circling back north and west again.”
Jim stood up and wandered toward the window, staring at the closed drapes.  “You know... habits say a lot about a person.  So... tell me... whenever you feel stressed, upset, fed up, tired from doing your movie stuff... what do you usually do to relax?  Where do you go?”  He turned to look at Hunter who started to rub his forehead.
“I come here,” he said.  “I come back here to my ranch... and hide.”  He laughed at himself.  “And everyone knows it.”
“You come here,” Jim repeated.  “You need to change your recipe, Hunter.”
“My recipe?”
“Yes.  Do something different.  Something... unexpected.  Unpredictable.”
“Recipe,” Betty said.  “I’m hungry.  Is anyone else hungry?”
Hunter looked at Jim.
“It’s that definition of insanity.  Remember?” Jim said.  “Doing the same thing over and over again, but expecting a different result.” He smiled. “You need to do something different to get a different result.  You’re going to have to step out of your familiar and predictable comfort zone if you want to get the upper hand with whatever is going on.”
A new look crossed Hunter’s face.  “Yes.  You’re right.  Something... unpredictable.”


Chapter Twenty
Samantha stretched then moaned as she woke from a nap. “Oh, my back,” she groaned.
“It’s about time you woke up, sleepyhead,” Hamilton said from the dinette.  “Hungry for some supper?”
“Supper?” she asked as she struggled with the zipper of her sleeping bag.
Hamilton came to her rescue.  “How about if we sit outside?” he said.  “It’s pretty nice right now.”
“Outside.” Samantha peered out the window and the still sunny landscape.  “What time is it?” she asked.
“A little after three.”
“Why didn’t you wake me up?”  She stretched again and yawned.  “A few more hours and it’ll be bedtime again.  How much longer do we have to stay here anyway?”
“Not sure,” he said.  “I didn’t wake you because you still need to rest after your ordeal.  Put on your socks and booties and go sit outside.  I’ll be out in a few minutes with some food.”
“Food.”  She offered half a smile.  “So what’s it going to be today?” A nice grilled steak and baked potato?  A garlic and chicken pizza with Alfredo sauce?  Or a nice big dinner salad with all kinds of greens and other vegetables, garnished with slices of hard cooked eggs and a few nuts and dried cranberries topped with a light vinaigrette dressing.  Or a luscious omelet filled with mushrooms, sun-dried tomatoes, basil, sautéed onions, oozing with creamy jack cheese.”
He looked over his shoulder with a grin.  “Or... how about... canned ham spread on saltine crackers and freeze dried strawberry ice cream on the side?”
She made a face.
“I never claimed to be a chef, you know.  Besides, out here food is food.”
“In your opinion.”
He laughed aloud.  “Yes... in my opinion, which at the moment is pretty much the only opinion that counts.  So go have a seat.”
Stepping outside, Samantha breathed in deeply then sat down in her folding chair and waited until Hamilton brought her meal.  She stared at her paper plate with its meager items for a long minute and sighed.  “Where’s yours?”
“I ate already.  You gonna do your thing?” he asked.
“Yes, if you don’t mind, and I’m going to pray for a miracle while I’m at it.”
“Go right ahead.”
Samantha offered a blessing on the food then reluctantly began to eat. “I am so looking forward to someday enjoying a real meal again.”
“I’m crushed.”  Hamilton pretended to pout.  “I labored over this meal, worked my fingers to the bone... all for you.” He smiled at her.  “All for you.”
“Will you stop doing... that?”
“Doing what?”
“That nicey-nice talk.”
“Nicey-nice?” He chuckled.  “I just want to keep my woman happy.”
“I am not your woman.  I am your...” She stopped herself.  “Detainee.”
“Well I guess that’s a little better than saying prisoner.  Doesn’t sound as harsh.”
“It may not sound as harsh, but I still feel the same.  I feel like I’m being held against my will.  I feel trapped.  I mean, why did we have to come here in the first place and not to a police station or something?  And why does it seem like getting me home, now that you know where I live, is taking so long to figure out?”
He didn’t answer.
Samantha looked out at their harsh surroundings and the miles and miles of bleak landscape.  Native plants cast irregular shadows as the sun performed its daily ritual, gradually descending behind nearby rocky outcroppings.  A slight breeze tossed her hair as she took a bite of food. 
“If things go well,” Hamilton began, “we should be able to leave here later tonight.”
Samantha stopped eating and looked at him.  “Seriously?  Or are you just saying that to make me feel better?”
“I’m serious.  We’ll see, though.  Anyway, I have some things to do.”  He got up and stepped inside the trailer, leaving Samantha alone to pick at her food.
“What things do you have to do?” she called after him.  “You keep saying that.  You always have something to do but I never see you do much other than look at your map and make a few notes in the little book of yours.”
He stepped back outside with a backpack and began loading items into it.
“Now what are you doing?” she asked.  “Is it time to leave?”
He kept putting things together without responding.
“Brad!  Will you please answer my questions?”
Without warning, Hamilton whipped around and grabbed Samantha’s face with both hands and kissed her hard on the lips.  He let go and returned to his task.
She sat speechless.
He chuckled.  “I knew there had to be a way.”
She stared straight ahead.
“That’s my woman,” he said.
Samantha glared at him.  “I am not your woman!”
He reached over and put his arm around her.
“Please don’t,” she said trying to push him away.
“I’m not going to hurt you,” he replied.  “You’re not still afraid of me, are you?”
“Yes.  Yes I am afraid of you.  I’ve never stopped being afraid of you, and this place, and those other people.” She tried to hold back tears.  “I’m afraid of everything, but right now especially you.  I don’t know who you are.  I don’t know why anyone would have taken me in the first place and stuck me in that...whatever it was.  And I don’t know why you rescued me, or whatever you want to call it, and what you plan to do with me.”  Her voice had become a whisper.  “So, yes, I’m very afraid.” A couple of tears trickled down her face.
“I’m sorry,” he said.  “It won’t be long before you’ll be back with people you know and trust.  And you won’t have to put up with me any longer.”  He got back to work.  “Should be something to look forward to.”
Hamilton zipped up his pack and looked up into the sky.  “I have to take care of some things.”  He patted himself down checking for essentials then picked up the bag and walked to the makeshift gate.
“Stay here.  Don’t wander off,” he ordered.  “There really are rattlesnakes out here and scorpions.  But you should be safe if you stay inside the fencing.  Understand?”  His tone had changed.  The cavalier attitude was gone and he was all business.  “Understand!” he repeated more firmly.
“Yes, but...”
“Stay here!”
“You’re not leaving me are you?  You can’t leave me.  Please don’t leave me here alone!” she pleaded and stood up.  “Please.  Brad!  Let me go with you!”
“I’ll be back.”  With that he let himself out of their enclosed campsite and took the same route back in the direction they had come three days earlier.
“Brad...please!” she cried out, rushing toward the small gate.  Tears cascaded down her face.
“Stay put!” he called back to her and disappeared around an outcropping of rock.
In a panic, Samantha looked all around then hurried inside the trailer and locked the door.  Her tears led to sobs and she finally lay down on the bed shaking and convulsing.  “Don’t leave me,” she repeated softly between heaving sobs.  “Don’t leave me.  I don’t want to die here alone.”
Hurrying along the route, he and Samantha had taken previously, Hamilton made good time getting back to the helicopter now shrouded beneath netting.  He’d come back late the first night, to check on the aircraft, while Samantha slept under the influence of the mild sedative he’d given her.   
Easing underneath the netting, he opened the door of the cockpit and climbed in, taking time to examine everything.  He was especially interested in doing a thorough visual check to determine if there had been any other obvious modifications to the aircraft that were not factory installed.
“Don’t want any unexpected surprises,” he said.
Satisfied with what he could see, he ran the unit through an electronic self-check.  After several beeps he was satisfied and shut it down.
Climbing out, he walking around and performed an exterior preflight inspection of the entire aircraft to ensure everything was in order and ready for their departure.  “Good to go,” he said then stowed the bag in a compartment and made sure all was secure.

It was nearly two hours later, by the time he returned to the trailer.  All was quiet and for a moment he worried that Samantha might have decided to leave in spite of his warning.  Quietly unlocking the door to the trailer, he stepped in and saw her curled up on the bed asleep, her face stained and puffy from crying.
He touched her arm.  She was startled awake and looked up in a panic.  Focusing, she saw it was Brad.  In an instant she was on her feet and clung to him.  He responded by putting his arms around her and held her tightly as she began to cry.
He caressed her hair and rubbed her back.  “I told you I’d come back,” he whispered in her ear.  “I won’t abandon you.  I really am trying to help.”
“I believe you,” she said.  “I believe you.  I’m sorry I’ve been so terrible.  I’m sorry I ask too many questions.”
He pulled back and smiled at her.  “You can ask all the questions you want,” he said looking into her teary eyes.  Their gaze locked for a moment, but he released her.
“Please don’t leave me again.”
“I won’t,” he said.  “Not until I have you safely back home.”  He took her hand and led her outside.  “We need to get ready.”
“Where are we going?”
“Back to the chopper.  We’re going to fly out of here but we need to make use of what’s left of the daylight to hike back.”
Samantha glanced at her feet.  “I’m not looking forward to hiking back in these ridiculous socks.”
“I know.  I wish I had something better for you to wear.”
He quickly cleaned up the campsite, putting away chairs, the small table, and lantern.  The air had become cooler and breezier than the previous night and Samantha shivered involuntarily, rubbing her arms.
Hamilton dug around in another compartment and pulled out a worn jacket.  “It isn’t much,” he said slapping the dust off, “but it might feel good.”  He examined the sleeves and pockets and any other likely hiding places for creepy crawly things then handed it to her.
With some hesitation, she put it on.  “Thank you.”
“Don’t mention it.”  He hopped back inside the trailer.  Samantha could hear him banging cabinet doors and closing windows before he stepped back outside holding two more small backpacks.  He handed one to her.
“What’s in here?” she asked taking a peek. “Oh.  Emories.”
He chuckled.  “We might get in the mood for a snack.  You never know.  I’ll carry the extra bottles of water in this one.  All set?”
She nodded as he helped her put on the backpack.
Hamilton locked the trailer door and lowered the metal awning over the front window.  “We don’t have a lot of time, so let’s get going,” he said.  “I want to reach the helicopter before it gets too dark.”
He pulled on his backpack, grabbed a long stick leaning against the side of the trailer and led her out the wire gate.  After securing it, and discreetly pressing a button on his small black device, they began their trek back to the waiting helicopter.
“Stay close to me,” he said.  “We’re more apt to see a snake or two at this time of day.”
“Why?” she asked looking around nervously.
“It’s a good time to hunt.  Smaller animals like to come out when the temperature is cooler and therefore so do the snakes.”
“Oh,” she said.
“So keep your eyes and ears open.
“I will.”
They’d been walking for about thirty minutes when they finally made their way to the top of the narrow, rocky path leading down to the bottom of the gully.  Samantha grabbed hold of Hamilton’s backpack and fell in step behind him.  Concentrating on not getting out of step, she collided with him when he suddenly stopped.
“Why did we stop?” she asked.
“Don’t move,” he whispered.  “Don’t talk.”
She did as she was told.
“I want you to carefully look behind us,” he said.  “Just turn your head with as little movement as possible and look.  Let me know if you see anything.”
Although frightened, she managed to do so looking back up the narrow trail then froze.  “I see a snake.  No!  I see two of them,” she whispered. “They’re coming this way!” 
“I was afraid of that,” he said.  “We walked right into a den.  They hibernate in groups, you know.”
Still watching behind, Samantha pressed into Hamilton.
“Try to stay calm,” he said.  “Unfortunately springtime is when they are most active.  Once they come out of hibernation, they’re hungry and looking for mates, so they’re a little cranky and tend to be aggressive.”
“Just our luck,” Samantha whispered.
“Stay still but keep watching.  Let me know how close they’re getting.”
“Okay.  Do you see any?” she asked.
“Just one.  It’s about five or six feet ahead and moving away, but taking its own sweet time.”
“Does it see us?”
“If it did, it decided to head down the trail and away from us.  As soon as it moves off our path we’ll continue,” he said.  “How’s it look behind us?”
“They stopped.”
“Coiled up?”
“No.”
“That’s good.  Okay.  It looks like the one in front is easing off the path.  Just stay right behind me.”
Hamilton took two steps, with Samantha on his heels.  Suddenly, they heard a distinctive rattle and both stopped.
“Didn’t see that one,” he said.  “In the late afternoon light he blended right in.  He’s coiled though and ready to strike.  I need you to remain perfectly still, Sam.”
“I will,” she whispered.  She could feel him moving one arm ever so slightly.
“Stay still,” he said again.  A split second later she let out a scream at the sound of a gunshot echoing off the sides of the narrow rock gorge.  “Got him!  How’s it look behind us?”
“They’re moving off the trail.”
“Let’s go.  Stay close.”  Hamilton carefully stepped forward, actively scanning the area around them with his walking stick in one hand and the gun still drawn as they made their way down the trail.
Samantha glanced behind but didn’t see anything.  “They disappeared,” she said.
“That’s good,” he said.  “Stay with me.  We’re almost there.”  He deliberately moved slower as they continued on.
“Why didn’t we see snakes when we went through here the first time?” Samantha asked.
“Like I said, it was earlier and a lot warmer.  They’d rather sunbathe or rest in cooler rocky areas waiting for a better time of day to hunt, like now.”
“Oh.”
“Speaking of seeing,” he said.  “Our ride is just ahead and we’re almost to the wider part of the gully.  It’ll be safer there.”
Soon they were hurrying through the flat and graveled gully in the deepening darkness of the shallow canyon.  Reaching the helicopter, Hamilton tossed up one part of some netting to help Samantha get onboard.  “You’re safe now.”
“Where did the netting come from?” she asked as she settled into her seat, her heart still pounding.
“I came back two nights ago while you were sleeping,” he said, then hurried to remove the netting completely, stowing it in a compartment.  He climbed into the cockpit.  “I’m ready to go.  How about you?”
“Yes.  What time is it?” she asked.
“Nearly seven.  Put your headset on.”  He began the startup sequence and watched the unit run through its self-check. “I really don’t like killing the snakes,” he said.  “They do serve a good purpose, but that one fella was too close for comfort.”
Samantha nodded vigorously.
The distinctive whine of the engine continued to escalate as they waited for the rotors to reach optimal speed.  
“Why are you helping me?” she asked.
“I thought I already explained all of that,” he replied.
“Not really.  Nothing makes any sense to me.  I’m just a middle-aged divorcee who ran away from home to start a new life in a new state.  I’ve made new friends and started a new job... which I lost when my boss closed her office...” she sighed.
He laughed.  “And you tried to convince me your boss would be worried about you.”
“Yes, well... I was scared, and I still am.  I can’t, for the life of me, figure out why anyone would be interested in abducting me.  I have absolutely nothing of value.  No one I know can afford a huge ransom... I don’t know any deep government secrets, I’m not a terrorist.  I’m just me.  Simply me.”
“You do know someone of interest.”
“Who?”
“An actor.”
Samantha stared at Hamilton.  “How would you know that?”
“It’s my job to know things.”
“Now I’m worried all the more.  Why would you need to know that?”  She shook her head. “I only met him a couple of times,” she said.  “He was nice... and polite.  We talked about nothing in particular.  That’s it.  I don’t really know him.  I talked to him twice.  That’s all.  Nothing more.”
“I see,” Hamilton said with a slight smile.  “Well, I guess we’d better get going.”  He deftly lifted off, and carefully made his way up and out of the canyon.  Once in open airspace they took advantage of the last of the lingering daylight to fly away. 
“Is it okay if I ask where we’re going?” Samantha asked.
“Sure, you can ask.”
“But will you tell me?”
He smiled, and reached for her hand.  “You’ll see soon enough.”


Chapter Twenty-one
 “I really like the pot roast here,” Betty said with satisfaction.  “I was so hungry.”
“We all needed to eat something,” Jim said.
Hunter stood up to stretch.  “I keep thinking about what you said, Jim.  About doing something unpredictable, but I’m not coming up with anything.”
“Like I said before,” Jim replied.  “We are creatures of habit and changing the way we do things is unnatural and uncomfortable.”
“I’m sure we’ll think of something,” Janet said.  “We just have to be patient.”
Hunter looked at her.  “Well you’ve sure changed your tune all of a sudden.  One minute you’re racing out the door to snoop around because time is of the essence and nobody’s going to figure any of this out unless you dig up some juicy clues, and the next minute you’re fine just sitting back and waiting for something to happen.  What gives?”
“I’ve had some time to think,” she said.
“Think,” Hunter repeated.  “Now there’s an interesting concept.”
“Very funny,” she said.  “I have come to the conclusion that something will come to us sooner or later.”
His expression showed frustration.  “Women.  I’ve never understood them and probably never will.”  He sat down.  “I’m so damned tired of all of this.”
There was a tap on the door and everyone jumped.
“Now what!” Hunter said.  He stood up but Janet was already on her feet.
“I’ll get it!”  She hurried to take a peek then quickly opened the door.  Two men stepped inside.  Securing the door, she greeted each one then slowly turned to face her astonished companions.
Hunter stared in disbelief.  “So, this your idea of something coming to us!  A couple of...”
“I can explain,” she interrupted.
“You sure as hell better!” Hunter stood with his fists clenched.
Jim stepped in front of Hunter but faced Janet.  “You know these two men?” he asked.
“Yes, and I can explain if you’ll all just give me a minute.”
“I sure hope so, because they were the ones posing as cops at my door this morning,” he said.
“These two guys?”  Hunter glared at Janet.
“Yes.  It’s them,” Jim said, then directed his next question to them.  “Were you following us today?” he asked.  “And why come to my house this morning posing as policemen?”
One of the men stepped forward.  “My name is Hector Garcia and this is my partner, John Mendez and yes, we’ve been keeping an eye on most of you for the past few days.  We needed to be sure you were all safe.”  He looked at his partner who nodded.
“We do think you were being followed by someone else last night so we kept an eye on your place overnight and decided to knock on your door this morning just to be sure everything was okay.  We’re not here to hurt you.  We’re here to help.”
“Help!  Well sure you are!” Hunter kept his fists clenched.  “You’re gonna help us... right into the hands of whoever wants us dead!  Hell!  Maybe that’s why you’re here... to kill us and be done with it!”  His face was red.  “And maybe it was you two following Jim last night... and not someone else!”
“We were following a car that was following him,” Hector said pointing at Jim.  “We are here to help.  In fact, we need to get you all out of here as quickly as possible.”
“Get us out?” Diane asked.  “And go where?”
“Someplace much safer,” John said.
“Who do you work for!” Hunter demanded.
Both men looked at each other.  Hector gave a nod then John answered.  “The FBI.”
“More FBI!”  Hunter was livid.  “Well of course!”  He threw both hands up in the air.  “That’s all we need!”
“Oh, dear,” Karen said.
“Wait!”  John put up a hand.  “Yes.  We work for the FBI, undercover, just like your husband Frank.”  He looked at Karen.  “The difference is...” he glanced at Hector.
“The difference is,” Hector said, “we’re a little bit... rogue, I guess you might say.”
“A little bit rogue.” Jim stared.  “And what’s that supposed to mean?”
“It means... we’re doing a little business on the side,” John said, shifting from one foot to another. “We know it doesn’t give us any more credibility...”
“Maybe less,” Hunter said.
John looked at him and nodded.  “Okay.  The truth is we’ve been doing some snooping of our own.  Off the books.  Us and a couple of other guys.”
“Off the books?  I don’t understand,” Jim said.  “Plus it’s apparent you both seem to know Janet pretty well.  How does she fit into all of this?”
“Yeah!” Hunter looked at Janet.  “How do you fit into all of this!”
“Oh, stop it!” she said to him.  “I’m on your side.  Always have been.  But so are John and Hector, which they can explain if you’ll give them a chance!”
Hunter gestured dramatically.  “Fine!  Have a seat.  I, for one, would love to hear your explanation.”
“This is no time for melodrama, Hunter,” Janet said.  “Get down off your high horse and listen to them.”
“Who do you think you are to tell me...”
“Enough!” Jim said.  “Hunter, sit down.  Everyone.  Sit down.  We can afford to take time to listen before we go jumping to conclusions.”
For the next fifteen minutes, John and Hector shared some of the details of their self-imposed mission, and how they came to hook up with Janet at a southern California function a year ago.  They also explained their professional association with Frank Bradley.
“Frank is the team leader in an investigation of a drug and human trafficking ring which we’ve been trying to infiltrate.  He was point and maintained an upstanding position in the community which allowed him access to all sorts of people and places.  He is an attorney, but that made his cover even more valuable to the team.  While he was out in the open, if you will, the rest of us were finding ways to penetrate the organization.  We just needed to get close to whoever was calling the shots,” Hector said.
“Plus,” John added, “we realized early on that this organization was operating heavily on both sides of the U.S. and Mexican border.  With our Latino backgrounds, Hector and I were able to easily move about in Mexico and mingle with locals as well as businessmen.  And we had counterparts in the States doing the same thing.”
Jim nodded.  “Okay, but how does Janet fit into all of this?  You mentioned how the three of you met at a function of some kind, but is she also FBI?”  He looked at her.
Janet shook her head. “No. But I became a C.I. for them.”
“C.I.?”  Betty asked.
“Confidential Informant,” Janet said.  “I’d discover information and pass it along.”
“Information from where?  From who?” Hunter asked.
“Gerry mostly,” she said.  “Hector and John suspected he was involved, they just didn’t know how deep.  So it became my job to do what I could to find out more.  As a result, it also became obvious that Carolyn was also involved.  Every time they went to Mexico on vacation or a few other places internationally, something else would come down.  They were making contacts, setting up new deals, and arranging the movement of people and drugs.  The entire organization was working hard to expand their operations across the globe.”
“Geez,” Hunter said.  “I used to go with them on some of those trips.”
“Right,” Janet said.  “So for a while, you were also a suspect, but I figured out they were using you as a cover for their trips, especially the ones to Mexico.  With you along, it always looked like the three of you were there on filmmaking business because at the restaurants, at the resorts, everywhere all of you went, you were always talking shop or flirting with the ladies.  You didn’t have time to get involved in anything else.”
“How would you know?” Hunter stared at her.  “You didn’t go with us.”
“No,” John said, “but she’d let us know when the three of you, and sometimes four, would be going.”
“Sometimes four?” Diane asked.
“Oh, yeah,” Janet said smugly.  “Hunter and his cutie pie, Tiffany.”  She gave him a sugary grin.
“Oh, Tiffany,” Betty said.
Hunter made a face then suddenly asked, “Is she involved in any of this?”
 “We think so,” Hector said.
“Then that would explain...”  Hunter paused.
“Explain what?” John asked.
“After the CAMEO awards.  I made some rounds and eventually ended up at the Allensby’s.  Tiffany was there and did her best to get me to spend the night with her.” He looked at his feet.  “Anyway, it didn’t feel right.  So I snuck out.”
“Charlie.”  Hector said.
“What about Charlie?”
“He told us what you had shared with him.  It all seemed to fit.  Anyway, he let us know when you were safely in the air.”
“Charlie works with you guys?” Hunter was surprised.  “Is he another C.I.?”
“No.  He’s an agent.”
Hunter stood with his mouth open.  “Seriously?  FBI?”  He shook his head.  “And I thought he was just a... well that’s explains more about him too.”  He sat down again and stared at the closed window drapes.
“Truth is, Hunter, we’ve had people looking out for you for quite some time,” Hector said.
“But why?” Jim asked.
“We can’t tell you... at least not yet.”  John looked at everyone.  “Even though what we are doing isn’t official FBI business, we firmly believe it is mission-critical.  There’s been a leak in the agency, especially our division.”
“A mole!” Betty said under her breath.
John smiled at her.  “Yes.  That’s exactly right.  And we intend to find out who it is.  So there’s a very small team of us working this angle off the books.  No one else knows... or at least no one else is supposed to know.”  He glanced at his companions.
Hunter sat up.  “So... you two, Charlie... and Frank, I suppose, are this rogue off-the-books team,” he said.
Hector and John didn’t reply.
Hunter looked at Janet.  “Is that why you went storming out of here earlier?  To meet up with these two?”
“Partly,” she said.  “But I really did snoop around.  That’s one of my responsibilities.  To collect information... however I can.”  She hesitated.  “That’s why I went to Arizona with you.  Gerry had instructed me to drop off the attaché and then take the rest of the day off and go home.”
“But you came with me to...”
“To see what was going on.  To gather more information.  Now I’m glad I did.  You might have been killed.”
“Or you,” he said.
Janet shrugged with a nod.  “Well, anyway, I did meet with John and Hector for a while today and I told them what I’d found out while I was gathering information.  Then Hector said he and John were working on a plan to us all out of here safely.”
“Out of here.”  Hunter let out a sigh.  “So that means these bad guys, whoever they are, know we’re here.”
“More than likely,” John said.
Hunter looked at Janet.  “I’m sorry I blew up at you.”
“I understand,” she said.  “But you can be very...”
“What?”
“Irritating sometimes.  But I forgive you.”
“So when did you start working as a C.I.?” he asked her.
She laughed.  “Gerry would call me into his office and I’d have to sit and listen to him complain about people he was dealing with and how much he distrusted everyone.  So I remember saying to him one afternoon, too bad you don’t have someone who could be a fly on the wall for you at some of your meetings and parties.”  
She laughed again.  “That’s all it took.  He asked if I’d do that.  I thought about it and said sure.  At first it was just fun.  After a while, though, it became more serious.  I had to be careful about who I talked to, especially when Carolyn was around.  She didn’t like me and I always felt like she was watching me like a hawk, especially at those parties.”
Hector chuckled.  “She thought you and Gerry were having an affair.”
Janet’s eyes got big.  “She what?  You never told me that!”
“Yeah.  She once told me that she was just waiting for the opportune moment to catch the two of you in the act.”
Janet shuddered involuntarily at the thought.  “That’s too creepy.  He was short and fat and... and baldy.”  She shuddered again.
Betty giggled.  John smiled at her and winked.  Embarrassed, she looked away.
“Which is why we suggested that you not go to any more of their parties,” Hector said.
“Oh.”  She frowned.  “Why didn’t you just tell me?  I would have been more careful.”
“Exactly.  Which means you would have started acting differently around Gerry and that might have raised suspicion about you.  We just wanted to keep you safe, that’s all.”
“Yeah,” John said. “Once you stopped attending the parties, Carolyn was convinced the affair was over.  She still didn’t like you, but she stopped obsessing about it.”
Janet sat down.
“Carolyn was fiercely jealous,” John said.  “Especially of any younger woman Gerry would come in contact with.”
“Except Tiffany.”  Hector grinned at John.
“Why not Tiffany?” Hunter asked.
“You might as well tell them,” John said.
“Tell us what?” Diane asked.
“Tiffany is Carolyn’s daughter from an affair she had years ago,” Hector said.  “Carolyn’s mother raised her so Carolyn could continue with her acting career.”
“What!” Hunter said.  “Did Gerry know that?”
“Yes.”
“Wait a minute,” Jim interrupted.  “Did you associate with Gerry and his wife?” he asked.  “You just said she told you about suspicions she had about her husband and Janet.”
“Yes,” John admitted.  “Hector and I both posed as key figures from the Mexican side of the business.  We were able to infiltrate the organization from that side to some degree, at least enough to get invited to the parties.  It gave us an opportunity to rub shoulders, ask seemingly innocent questions and get a better idea who we should be looking for.”
Jim nodded thoughtfully. “I see.”
“So who killed them?” Diane asked.
“That’s a very good question,” Hector said.  “The rumor circulating within the organization is they killed each other.”
“What?” Everyone said in unison.
“Presumably they put a hit out on each other, and coincidentally hired the same guy.”
“The same guy?” Diane asked.  “That seems a little hard to believe.”
“We agree,” Hector said.  “We don’t think that’s what happened.  It’s starting to feel like there’s someone else involved.  We just haven’t managed to put our finger on that piece yet.  But if we’re right, we’re looking at a whole new angle to explore.  We speculate that maybe the Allensbys, Carolyn in particular, were getting a little too demanding maybe.  Hard to say, though.”
“Yeah,” John agreed, “Because the word coming from our Mexican contacts is the Allensbys had become a liability.  So, we figure a hit was put out, for sure, but by someone else.  Our guess is Carolyn was getting too demanding and if they took her out, Gerry would just be unwanted baggage.”
“Carolyn?” Hunter asked.  “Demanding?”
“There was more to Carolyn than you realize, Hunter.  She had a keen business sense.  The kind of business savvy needed to operate in that world.  She was definitely ruthless.”
“Ruthless.”  Hunter chuckled.  “She may have been a little ruthless when it came to organizing one of her parties.  I mean she was more interested in all the glitz and glitter of Hollywood.  All that social stuff.  You know, the notoriety, the wealth, big house, half-dozen cars parked in an oversized garage, over-the-top vacations... all of that.  She ate it up.”
Hector nodded. “Yes, she did, but it all comes with a price and Gerry’s annual income was no match for it.  She knew how to play the game and create the perfect cover for their otherwise illegal activities.  She was not only ruthless, but calculating, devious, callous, heartless... all of that and more.  She used people and was usually able to accomplish whatever she set her mind on.”
“Yeah,” John agreed.  “She would even use her acting skills to take care of certain tasks... like Buster.”
Hunter stared.  “What are you trying to tell me?”
They both just looked at him.
“Wait.  You mean... she was the woman I got Buster from?”
Both men nodded.
“Damn,” Hunter said.  “Damn!  I had no idea.  Not even for a split second.”
“She was good,” John said.  “Real good.”
Hector nodded.  “It’s our guess she pushed someone a little too hard... got a little over confident and demanding... and ended up paying the price. Unfortunately, Gerry became collateral damage, at least that’s our take on it.”
Hunter was completely taken aback.  “Yeah... but Gerry... if he was involved, it was to please Carolyn.  He loved her.  I’m sure he did.  He might get a little ruthless as a producer... but illegal activity like this?  I just can’t accept that.”
“Well it’s all moot at this point.  They’re both dead.”
“Do the police know about any of this?” Hunter asked.
“They will eventually,” Hector said.  “But for now, no.”
“Why not?” Betty asked.  “Shouldn’t they know?”
“Of course they should,” John replied, “and they will.  But right now we still have our own investigation going on.  If we leak any of this to the police or the press gets wind of it, these goons will go so deep we’ll never dig them out.  The hit man is a key player in our investigation right now.”
“So you know who did it!” Betty said.
John grinned at her.  “Feisty and smart.”
She looked away again.
“We’re pretty sure,” Hector said.  “And we’re hoping he will eventually lead us to the person or persons we’re after.”
“This is getting scary,” Betty said.
“I was thinking the same thing,” Diane agreed.
“Me too,” Karen said.
Jim shared their concern.  “Is this guy after any or all of us?”
“Yes and no,” Hector said.  “He was targeting Hunter to begin with, using threatening tactics and secret surveillance.”
Hunter frowned.  “Threatening tactics?  Secret surveillance?”
“Your dog, for one thing,” John said.  “His collar was rigged to listen to your conversations and with GPS so they’d know where you were most of the time.”
Janet jumped up.  “See?  Didn’t I tell you?”
Hunter merely mumbled something then said, “Okay, but why was I being targeted to begin with?  That’s been my concern all along.  I don’t get how I fit into any of this!  Besides, the collar was lost.”
“Frank took it,” Hector said.  “He recognized the workmanship.”
“Then I was right about something,” Hunter said, gloating a little.  “I guessed it might have been Frank who took it, we just couldn’t figure out why.”
“He wanted to protect you, Hunter,” John said.  “The problem is, they figured out he was the one who removed it and threatened him... and you, Karen.”
“That must have been why those two men showed up at our home the other night,” she replied.  “That’s when I called you the first time, Hunter, and said I wanted to meet with you.”
Hunter nodded.  “I remember hearing voices in the background.  I just couldn’t understand what they were saying.”
“I was terrified,” she said.  “It was getting pretty heated downstairs and I feared for Frank’s life.”
Hector and John were immediately intrigued.
“Did you see the men?”
“Yes, briefly but only from behind when they left.”  She was wringing her hands.  “I was at the top of the stairs but stayed out of sight.  I couldn’t hear all that much either because most of the time they were in Frank’s office.  It was when they came out to leave that I caught a glimpse but not enough to recognize them.”  She started to cry.
Diane sat with her arm around her friend.  “It’s okay, Karen.  Everything’s going to be okay.”
“I don’t think so,” she said and shook her head.  “They took Frank with them.  That’s the last I’ve seen of him.  I’m so worried.”
“I know this is very upsetting to you, but can you tell us how tall they were?  Or how much they weighed?  Anything?” Hector asked.
Karen and rubbed her forehead.  “One man was about the same height as Frank but bulkier.  His arms seemed more muscular to me.  Frank quickly escorted them both into his office as soon as they showed up and shut the door.  I remembered the conversation was tense and I could hear the man threaten Frank... and I then heard my name mentioned too.  So I stayed put until they left.”
“How long were they there?”
“Maybe ten or fifteen minutes but no more than that.”
“Did they know you were home?” Hector asked. 
“I don’t know.”
Hector looked at John then back at Karen.  “It’s too bad you didn’t get a better look at them,” he said then looked at his watch.  “We need to leave.”
“Wait!” Janet said.  “Why wouldn’t they have searched the house... to be sure no one else was there?”
Hector scratched his head.  “My guess is they probably did know Karen was at home and planned on following her.”
Karen gasped.
“What?” he asked.
“Someone did follow me,” she said.  “I was on my way to meet Hunter and was pretty sure I was being followed so I went to the grocery store instead.  But I managed to call Hunter to explain what had happened.”
“That was probably the smartest thing you could have done,” Hector said.
“It was?” she asked in surprise.
He nodded.  “Yes, because they’ve been doing their best to find Hunter.”
Karen looked at Hunter with wide eyes.  “But why Hunter?”
“That’s a piece we need to keep under wraps for now,” John said.
“Whoa!  Hold on!” Hunter said.  “I’d like to know. I think I’m entitled to know.  It would more than likely clear up a few things.”
“Yes it would, but if we tell you, it could also put someone else’s life in grave danger.”
“Someone else?”
Both men stood up.
“Hold on,” Hunter said.  “I have one more question.  About Buster.  You said his collar with rigged with a tracking device.  How did anyone know I was thinking about getting a dog, let alone end up with Buster?”
“It was something you said to Gerry about a man’s best friend,” Hector said.  “After that it was a long shot that you’d actually get a dog but they went ahead and prepped Buster with that collar.”
“Yeah, okay,” Hunter said, remembering the conversation he had with Gerry.
“They took a chance and it worked.”
Betty piped up.  “How do you guys know so much about Buster and where did he come from in the first place?”
Everyone looked at her.
“The pound?  A pet store?  Where?” she asked.
John and Hector looked at each other then back at Betty and shrugged.
“We’re wasting time,” Hector replied.  “We need to leave.  Everyone, take only essential items with you,” he said.  “Whatever you can carry comfortably and preferably in pockets if possible.  Oh, and I need everyone’s cell phone.”
“Wait!” Betty said jumping to her feet.  “You didn’t answer my question.”
“We can’t,” John said.  “Besides, it doesn’t matter where Buster came from.”
“Why do you need our cell phones?” Diane asked.
“We’re going to remove the batteries.”
“Why?”
“GPS,” Hunter said.  “We can be tracked by our phones because they all have GPS.”  He handed his phone to John.  “It’s a burner.  We stopped using our other phones.”
“We?” John asked.
“Mine and Janet’s.”
“And Brian’s,” Janet said, giving up her phone.
“Look,” Hector said.  “I wish we had more time to explain things better, but we don’t.”
John walked to the window and parted the drapes slightly.  “I think it’s time,” he said.
“Time for what?” Jim asked.
“Time to leave,” John said.
“All of us?  Right now?” Betty asked.
“Right now,” he said.
“But...”
“You’ll be fine.  I’ll protect you.”
“Yes, but my purse and things are in my room next door.”  Betty looked at John.
“They can stay there.  You won’t need them.”
“But...”
“Like I said, I’ll protect you.”
“I can take care of myself, thank you,” she said.  “But I’m not convinced we can trust either of you.”
He grinned.  “I like feisty women.”
“I am not feisty!  And you can keep your distance.  Besides, I don’t like this.  Not one bit!”
John grinned and winked then he and Hector stepped away to talk.  “What’s the plan?” John whispered to Hector. 
“Working on it.”
“Working on what?” Betty whispered directly behind them.
“Whoa!” John said with a start.  “Don’t do that!”
“Don’t do what?” she asked.
“Sneak up on us like that.  Damn!”
“Well I still don’t trust either of you, especially when you whisper.”
Jim had been silent but finally asked.  “Is there something else we should know about?”
“Not at the moment,” John replied, eying Betty warily.
“So how do you plan on getting us out of here?” Jim asked.  “Are we just going to walk out?”
“Something like that,” Hector said.  He looked at his watch.  “Either we sneak out or we create a diversion.”
“Diversion?” Diane said.  “What kind of diversion?”
“I vote for sneaking out,” Janet said.  “Don’t you think?  The quieter the better.”
Hector nodded.  “Maybe so.”
Their conversation was interrupted by a knock at the door followed by, “Room Service.”
No one spoke as they looked at each other in surprise.
“Did someone call for room service?” Hunter asked.
Everyone shook their heads.
Hector walked to the door and peeked through the peep hole.  An apparent Resort staff member stood with his back to the door.  Hector held a finger to his lips indicating everyone should remain quiet.
Another tap.  “Room service,” the staffer called out again.  When no one responded he eventually stepped away with a draped cart and headed toward the elevator.
Hector kept watching and waited several seconds before opening the door a crack to listen.  Then he stepped out far enough to look up and down the hall.  It was empty.  Back inside, he quietly closed the door.  “I vote for Plan B.  Diversion.  That guy had to push that cart pretty hard.  I don’t think a roast beef sandwich weighs all that much.”
Hunter frowned.  “That doesn’t sound good.”
“No it doesn’t,” John agreed.  “You get a look at him?”
“No.  He kept his back to the door.”
“Rio?” John asked.
Hector nodded.  “You want to do it or do you want me to?”
“I can,” John said.
“Okay.  I’ll get everyone ready.”  Hector looked at his assorted companions.  “As soon as John creates the distraction, the rest of you fall in behind me at my signal.  No talking.  No questions.  Just follow.  Understood?”
Everyone nodded uncomfortably.
“Okay,” he said.  “I guess it’s show time.”
John stepped to the door and peeked out.  In a moment he was out the door leaving it slightly ajar.  Hector indicated everyone should line up.  Suddenly the fire alarm sounded.  John was back at the room in seconds.
Hector closed the door but watched the hallway through the peep hole.  Soon it filled with concerned patrons, most still clothed, a few already in nightwear and robes.  Hunter checked his wristwatch.  “Eight-thirty,” he whispered to himself.
Jim took Diane’s hand and smiled at her with a wink to reassure her.  Karen was behind Diane.  Janet and Hunter followed them.  
John took Betty’s hand and headed for the end of the line.  “Stay with me,” he whispered without smiling.  “You’ll be fine.”
She complied without resistance as they all waited for Hector to give them a signal to move.  A moment later, he opened the door and stepped into the hallway moving along with the other patrons to the stairwell.  John kept watch behind them as they all began their descent.  Anxiety was paramount as everyone continued down from floor to floor.
Hector began to slow allowing the guests in front of them to move on ahead.  At the next level he stopped and listened at a door.  Suddenly it opened, nearly knocking him over.  Betty let out an involuntary squeal as a handful of guests piled out, oblivious to anyone else in the stairwell.  John gave her hand a gentle squeeze.  
Hector quickly looked into the vacated hallway then directed everyone to follow him.  John closed the door quietly then with Betty in tow, followed after the others.
Hector led them across an open area to a wall of windows and an access door leading to a rooftop patio.  Scanning the area outside he watched the shadows for anything unusual.  Satisfied it was safe, he led them out, staying in the shadows until they made their way to a set of steps that led to an open area one level below.
Alarms blared their repeated warning as the excited commotion from confused and worried guests escalated two levels below.  In the distance, multiple sirens wailed in response to the fire alarm.  A blustery breeze picked up coming from the lake.
“Feels like a storm’s coming in,” Hunter whispered in Janet’s ear.  She nodded.
 Hector quickly took a ramp to the marina below.  Once there, he led them to a set of covered boat slips on a dock directly across from the marina entrance.
Using a passcode, he opened the security gate and hurried the length of the dock finally stopping at a fingerfloat and a sport boat bobbing quietly in the water.  Jim assisted his wife and Karen onboard moving to the forward section of seats. Hunter, Janet, and Betty sat on the back seat, while Hector settled into the cockpit in the midsection of the boat and fired up the engine.
John released the bow and aft slip lines then hurried onboard pulling life jackets from a couple of storage bins.  He handed them out then sat across from Hector.  “Let’s go!”
Hector eased the boat out of the slip.  The dark water bubbled and churned as they backed out.  Carefully steering them clear of the berth, he guided the boat forward and navigated to the arched entrance of the marina, powered up and maneuvered further out into the lake.
Everyone turned to watch the growing excitement behind them.  A chaotic mass of people were milling around and migrating away from the buildings as fire trucks and other emergency vehicles pulled up to the Resort, their red, blue, and amber lights flashing erratically.
There were few other boaters on the lake at this late hour and Hector wasted no time piloting the boat around Tubbs Hill at a good clip.  In the dark, the assembled group wondered where they were going as they raced across the open water.  Once out of sight of the Resort, everyone’s attention was ahead.  It wasn’t long before shoreline lights revealed another smaller marina.
At a quarter mile away, Hector began to slow then eventually came about and began to chug his way into a row of berths pulling into an empty slip.  John and Hunter immediately hopped out to tie down the aft and bow lines as Hector shut down the motor and secured the helm.
Jim helped the women out of their lifejackets and quickly stowed them before joining everyone on the float leading to a wider dock.  They ended up at an empty parking lot.  The wind had picked up and now whipped at their clothes and hair.  They scurried past the marina’s bait shop, clothed in darkness, and crossed the road to a larger paved parking area lined with trees behind which loomed a mountain.  The starry night sky was rapidly becoming less visible by the incoming storm clouds.
“So far, so good,” John said as they led their group to a large light-colored van parked in a space in the shadow of the trees.
Everyone climbed in and got settled.  John jumped into the driver’s seat as Hector yanked out his phone and sent a quick text message.  Soon he received a reply.  “We’re all set,” he said to John as they pulled out onto the road.  Fifteen minutes later, they were on the highway headed east toward Montana as raindrops began to pelt the windshield.


Chapter Twenty-two
 The rhythmic pulse of the overhead blades of the helicopter was all that kept Hamilton company as he peered ahead into the darkness and maintained his course.  A text message confirmed their destination.  Samantha, in the meantime, had fallen asleep over an hour ago but was now waking up.  
She tried to adjust her position but was suddenly startled by the harness restraint and panicked.  “Where am I!”
“It’s okay, Samantha.” Hamilton said, trying to calm her.  “You’re safe!  Safe with me.”  He reached for her hand.  “Remember?  We fought off all those snakes?”  He chuckled trying to ease the tension and released her hand.
She exhaled.  “Yes.  I’m sorry.”
“You don’t need to apologize.  You’ve been through a lot the past few days.”
She watched out the windows.  “It’s dark.  Where are we?”
“Miles away from our cozy desert hide-away.”
“That’s not an answer,” she said.
“I know,” he agreed.  “So think of it as a secret surprise.  Like a Christmas present.”
“Christmas,” she repeated without emotion.
“Yeah.  You like Christmas, don’t you?”
“Of course I do, but this doesn’t feel anything like Christmas.  It feels more like Halloween and definitely a trick... not a treat.”
She watched him fly, admiring his obvious skill and ease at the controls.  “How do you know where you are and which way you’re going when it’s so dark outside?”
He tapped the screen of his guidance system.  “This helps.  Shows us exactly where we are, which direction we’re headed, how high we’re flying... that kind of stuff.”
“I see... I guess.”
He smiled.  “Don’t worry.  I know what I’m doing.”
“I can tell,” she said.  “Obviously you know where we’re going, so how much longer?”
“I need to get fuel.  I’m headed to a town up ahead to do that.”
“And after that?”
“We’ll fly away.”
“Another lame answer,” she said.  “I’m just going to keep asking questions, you know.”
He laughed.  “Then I might have to kiss you again.”
“You did not have to kiss me the last time.  You could have just asked me to stop asking questions.”
Hamilton burst out laughing.
“What’s so funny?” she asked.
“You!  I did ask you to stop.  It was that kiss that did the trick.” He grinned without looking at her.  “I think you liked it.”
“I did not!”
“Yes, you did.”  He continued to stare out the windshield.  “You liked it.”
“I’m not saying another word until we get to... wherever you’re taking me.”
Hamilton looked at her then grabbed her hand and kissed the back of it.  “Too bad we couldn’t have met at another time and under different circumstances.”
She pulled her hand away and sat looking out her side window unable to speak.  Her heart raced and she felt her cheeks flush.  Hamilton glanced at her for a moment then refocused on flying.
For the next hour they rode in silence.  Eventually Samantha fell asleep again with her head propped against the side window.  Hamilton looked at her every so often wishing she’d wake up so they could talk a little.  She could ask questions.  He didn’t really care.  He enjoyed the banter.  If nothing else, it would keep him company.
Eventually approaching a community airport, he circled and landed near a self-service fuel station.  The wind was gusting and clouds had completely obscured the stars.  He hurried to fuel up watching the wind sock flap from side to side in the gusts.
The door to the cockpit opened and Samantha poked her head out.  “Where are we?” she asked.  “And can I get out and stretch?”
“Sure.  You need some help?”
“I can manage.”  She stepped down then wrapped her arms around her body and shivered.  “It’s cold and windy.”
“You’re observant,” he said and grinned as she made a face.  “Too bad the airport office is closed.  We might have found a vending machine inside with some snacks in it.”
“That’s okay,” she said.  “We brought snacks.”  She laughed.  “I can’t believe I just said that.”
“What.  Our emories?  I thought you loved them.”
“How much longer?” she asked.
“A few minutes.  Walk around to get the circulation going.  Just don’t run off.”
“Run off?  Where would I go in the middle of the night... in what appears to be a rain storm coming in, with no shoes... and who knows where we are?” she said.
“Good point.”  He grinned and watched as she walked around, still holding her arms tightly around her torso.  “You want my jacket?” he called out.
“No thanks.  I’m going to get back onboard.  Besides, I think I felt a drop of rain.”
Hamilton finished up and soon they were back in the air.  He adjusted some settings on the navigation panel and made a slight course correction, then tuned the radio to a specific frequency to get a weather update for the region.  “Sounds like the storm is a pretty big one,” he said.
“How big?”
“Significant, it sounds.  I was hoping we’d get to our destination before the brunt of it hits us.”
“Are we that close?”
“Not really.  Not close enough, I don’t think,” he replied.  “We’re probably going to get slammed by some of it.  Just stay cinched up good.”
Rain began to pelt the windshield.  “I hate flying a helicopter in the rain,” he said.  “Messes up the leading edges of all the blades.”
“But we’ll be safe, right?” she asked.
He nodded.  “Yes.  We’ll be safe.  I promised I’d take care of you... and I meant it.”  He continued to fly in silence debating about whether or not to tell her anything more then finally said, “We’ll be meeting up with some other people.”
“What other people?” Samantha looked at him with great interest.
“Good people.  You’ll see.”
As predicted, the storm became more intense, forcing Hamilton to remain completely focused on his piloting.  Samantha winced every time the helicopter lurched to one side or the other.  Although she couldn’t see anything because of the darkness and pelting rain, she maintained a vigilant watch out the windshield, while Hamilton kept a steady grip on the controls, struggling to maintain his course and altitude.
With only his instruments to guide him, he eventually took a new easterly heading.  “Not much further,” he said.
“Good,” Samantha replied.  “This is not fun.  I never want to fly in another helicopter the rest of my life.”
A strong crosswind suddenly slammed against the aircraft violently throwing it to one side.  Samantha screamed and immediately apologized. “I’m sorry!”
Hamilton got his rig under control then slowly began to descend. “Keep your eyes open for anything below us,” he said.  “Especially lights of any kind.”
“Okay,” she replied watching out her side window.  All was black as the rain rammed her window with a vengeance.  She continued to watch but kept a firm grip on her harness at the same time.
“I may have to put down,” he said.  “This storm is almost too much for the helicopter and I’m getting tired.”  He dared to take his hand off one of the controls to push a couple of buttons on the navigation panel.
Samantha remained quiet as Hamilton began to descend.  Suddenly an automated voice called out, “Traffic!  Traffic!”
“What the...” Hamilton started to say.
Samantha looked at him in fright.  “What’s wrong?”
“Someone else is flying out in this storm too!  And they’re close enough for the traffic collision system to detect them.”
“Are they going to hit us?” she asked.
“I don’t think so.  I see their ID on the screen and they’re moving away from us.  We should be fine.”
Samantha closed her eyes and began to whisper.
“You say something?” he asked, still focused on the navigation screen.
“I’m just praying,” she said.
“That’s good.  We can use all the help we can get.”
Moments later they flew into an open pocket of airspace out of the clouds.  The rain was lighter and they could both make out a road below by the sight of headlights and taillights of moving vehicles, but especially a big rig and all its running lights acting almost like a beacon, leading them on.
“Now that’s a welcome sight,” Hamilton said.  “And it gives me a better idea where we are.”
“Which is...” Samantha prodded.
“Right where we need to be,” he replied.  “I know.  That’s a lame answer.”
“Yes it is!” she snapped at him.  “Really lame and I’m getting tired of it.”
“Can’t be helped right now,” he said then changed his mind.  “Okay, we’re over the State of Washington but we’ll be crossing into Idaho soon, if that helps any.”
“Idaho,” she repeated.  “Are we headed for Coeur d’Alene?”
“Not exactly.”  He was quiet for a moment then said, “You know... I’m not accustomed to giving a play-by-play of everything I do.  I usually travel alone or if someone is with me, it’s because we’re working the same job.  You were a job,” he explained.
“That makes me feel important.  Real important.”
“You are important or I wouldn’t be going to so much trouble to help,” he replied.  “I’m just used to working alone, that’s all.”
Samantha watched him then asked, “Did your marriage end in a divorce?”
“What?  You decided to ask me that now?”
“I just wondered, that’s all,” she said.  “If I were your wife, I’m sure I’d be frustrated all the time.  ‘Sorry, honey, I can’t tell you about this or that’.”
“No divorce,” he said.
Samantha quickly apologized. “I’m sorry.  You’re under a lot of stress flying and I shouldn’t pry.  Forget I asked.”
He tapped a couple of buttons and seemed to be checking the instruments then said, “She died.”
“Oh.  Brad.  I’m very sorry.  I apologize for...”
“No need to apologize.  Things happen.”
Samantha sat back and gazed down at the dark landscape and the one lone road with its few vehicles traveling in opposing directions.
“Her name was Melissa,” he said.  “Melissa Lorraine Hamilton.”
Samantha could sense he felt a great loss just by the mere mention of his wife.  “That’s a beautiful name.  I’m sure she was just as lovely.”
“Yes.  Yes she was.”  He stayed focused on his task and said nothing more about his deceased wife.  Moments later, wisps of a cloud scooted past their aircraft.  “I’m going to try to stay below the cloud cover if possible,” he said as he brought the aircraft lower.  “Just sit tight.”
Carefully guiding the helicopter in a gradual descent he finally leveled off and continued on their course.  Another unexpected blast of air slammed the helicopter.  Hamilton gripped the controls and fought to compensate.  Samantha had an iron grip on her harness as she stared straight ahead.
“I’m scared,” she managed to say.
“I know.”
More buffeting bounced the aircraft from side to side, sending tremors the length of the fuselage.  Once again heavy rain began to pommel the helicopter, the drops streaking across the windshield in countless rivulets.
“How can you see anything?” Samantha asked.
“The guidance system, Sam.  Just like I showed you earlier.  I watch the instruments.”
“But we might crash into something if you can’t see it.”
“This rig has a terrain avoidance system in addition to the collision avoidance system, so we should be okay.”
She kept staring out her side window hoping to see something recognizable below.
“You remind me of her,” Hamilton said suddenly.
“Excuse me?” Samantha asked somewhat taken aback.
“My wife.  You remind me of her.  She was sweet and vulnerable, just like you... and stubborn... but fun to be with.  She had this warm smile that could light up a room, and the nicest voice, just like yours.
“I could listen to her talk on and on about her interests and projects,” he continued.  “She was always so animated and excited about life.”  He kept staring ahead.  “She liked to paint.  She was always painting something... if not a canvas, then murals and designs on the walls of our apartment... without permission from the landlord, of course.”  He chuckled softly.  “She could usually talk her way out of any kind of a situation... except that one last time.”  He grew quiet again.
Samantha chose not to say anything, but instead watched the darkness ahead.  Silently, though, she mourned for him and the tragic loss of his wife, wondering why and how she died and why he felt compelled to share that painful experience with her.
They continued to fly in silence with only the pulsating rhythm of the overhead blade biting into the cold wet night air.  The turbulence was getting worse, as evidenced by the increasing bumps and shudders.
“We’re heading back into the storm, I’m afraid” he said calmly.  “Stay belted in tight.”
“I will,” she replied just as a flash of lightening streaked across the sky in front of them.  Samantha shrieked as the thunder exploded around them with immense power and intensity.
“We’ll be fine!” he said.
She continued to watch the sky, fearful of more lightening and the very real prospect of being struck.  Another bolt flashed to the west of them but further away.  “I’m really scared.”
“I know.  I’ll do my best to keep us safe.  We’re getting close.”  Hamilton looked at her and smiled. “You’re going to be fine.  You don’t think I would let a little bad weather spoil all the fun we’ve been through, do you?”  He forced a grin.  A buzzing distracted him.
“Can you grab my phone?” he asked.  “It’s on my belt.”
Samantha reached under his jacket and pulled the phone from its holster and held it out to him.
“Hang on to it,” he said as he quickly unlocked it with his thumbprint.  “Open that text for me.”  She did and held the phone so he could read it.  “Okay. Hold on to it for a few minutes.  We should get another message.”
“Who was it from?” she asked.
“The people we’re meeting up with.  They’re expecting us.”
“Do you need to reply?”
“Not yet.”
The phone buzzed again and she held up the phone.  He read the message as they continued to bounce around in the erratic wind.  “I need you to send a reply,” he said.  “Write exactly what I tell you.”
She nodded and held the phone ready.
“Write, ‘B-I-M-D’ then ‘bad storm’ then ‘ETA 40’ and send it.”
She did as he instructed.
“Wait for a reply.”
She looked out the window again.  “I’m surprised we’re getting any reception up here.”
“Me too.  But we’re pretty low and there must be some cell towers around here.”
A moment later the reply came.  “It says ‘copy,’” she said.  “That’s it.”
“Okay.  Good.  Now see if you can get it back in the holster for me.”
She put it back.  “Can I ask a question?”
He laughed.  “Now you’re asking permission to ask questions?”  He laughed again.
“I just wondered what B-I-M-D stands for.”
“It’s just a code.  Nothing to worry about.  Just hang on.  We’re almost there.”
 “If we don’t get fried first,” she said.
“Don’t touch anything metallic.”
“Okay, but what about you?”  She looked at the controls he was handling.
“Rubber grips.  Insulation.  I’ll be okay.”
Almost immediately they were swallowed up in more clouds.  Samantha caught her breath and stiffened.
“Stay calm, Samantha.  I need you to stay calm.  It will help me stay calm, okay?”
“Okay,” she said.  Taking a deep breath, she tried to relax.  “I’m just not used to this, that’s all.  Not even in a commercial airliner.”
“I understand.  But in about another thirty minutes or so I’ll need you to help me watch for an airstrip.”
“Airstrip?  How will we see it with all the clouds?”
“I’ll worry about that, you just get ready to keep your eyes peeled.  Deal?”
“Yes.”  She nodded.  Deal.”  
The wind continued to pound them and lightning lit up the sky all around but at a distance.  Even the thunder didn’t seem as threatening.
“Looks like your prayer is working,” he said.
“They usually do.”
He glanced at her.  She seemed calmer but still gripped her shoulder strap.
“So what happens when we land?” she asked.  “What are you going to do with me?”
“Nothing.  My job will be over.  The others will look after you.”
“Look after me?  I’m beginning to feel like a lost puppy that’s being shuffled from one place to another.”
“And a darned cute one,” he said.  “Why don’t you say another prayer?  It might make you feel better.”
“You’re making fun of me,” she said.
“No, I’m not,” he replied.  “I know it’s important to you and they seem to be helping.”  He stole another glance.  Her lips were moving slightly.  He smiled.  Although not a religious man per se, a prayer coming from Samantha was somehow very comforting.


Chapter Twenty-three
 Hunter glanced at his watch and yawned.  “How much longer?” he asked.
“Just up ahead,” Hector replied.
“I sure hope so.  This winding road seems to go on forever and we’re all tired.”
“Understood.”
John soon pulled onto a narrow graveled road and stopped at a slatted metal gate.  A weathered hand-painted ‘No Trespassing’ sign was nailed to a fencepost nearby.  Hector jumped out and spun the dial on a padlock then shoved the gate open wide enough for John to pull through.  He then hurried to close and padlock it again before jumping back into the van.
The windshield wipers fought against the driving rain as they continued deeper into the hills.  Even the headlights seemed to struggle to illuminate the narrow lane that wound between dense woodland on either side.
Hector turned partway around in his seat.  “Once we get to the cabin we need to figure out a way to light up portion of a private airstrip.  We’ve got company coming to join us.”
“Company?” Jim asked.  “Who?”
“You’ll see soon enough,” Hector replied.
Fifteen minutes later, John pulled up in front of the cabin and kept the headlights shining directly at it.  Hector hopped out and ran up a few steps to a covered porch and opened the door.  Once inside he lit a lantern.  Everyone else hurried inside and out of the wind-whipped rain while John parked the van.
“This is one hell of a storm,” Hunter said.  He shook off the dampness.  “So whoever’s coming is flying in?”
“Yes.  In a helicopter.”
“Helicopter.  He must be crazy or a damn good pilot.”
Hector laughed.  “He’s a little of both.”
What’s his ETA?” Hunter asked.
“Soon!  Maybe thirty minutes or less so we need to move fast,” Hector said.
Jim noticed the fireplace.  “I’ll get a fire going here so we can all warm up.  Your guest will appreciate it as well.”
“Sounds good,” Hector said.  He looked at Hunter.  “You, John, and I need to find whatever we can to light up part of that runway so he has something to aim for when he gets here.”
“You didn’t think of this sooner?” Hunter asked.
“He was supposed to be here by now,” John replied.  “And we weren’t expecting a storm to come in.”
“So how are we going to do that?” Hunter asked.
“Fires!” John said.  “Look for any suitable containers we can use that won’t melt or ignite.  If we can find at least four containers or lanterns, that would work, to make a large square.  More containers would be better.”
“I’ll check the kitchen,” Janet said.
Hector hurried to the back door.  “I’ll go check the shed.”  He grabbed a flashlight.
“I can help with that.”  Hunter zipped up his jacket and followed.
Together they made their way to a small shed several feet behind the cabin. The wind had picked up considerably as the rain continued to pummel the ground.  Carefully opening the door, Hector shone the light in and the two men quickly examined the contents.
“How about over there?” Hunter pointed.  Looks like old coffee cans.”
“You’re right,” Hector agreed focusing the light.  “Let’s just hope nothing lives in any of them.”
Carefully picking their way inside, Hector kept shining the light around, hoping to avoid anything unexpected.  Holding the beam on some rusty cans, Hunter carefully reached for one and pulled it away.  He was about to reach for another when something ran past.  He jumped back nearly knocking Hector over.
“What the...”
Hector shone the light around again then held it steady.  Two small glowing eyes were staring back.  “Looks like a mouse or small rat of some kind,” he said.
“That’s great,” Hunter mumbled.  “I wish I had some gloves.”
“Yeah,” Hector agreed.  “Or a stick.  See anything we can use?”
“A hoe up against the wall,” Hunter said. “But it’s nicely draped in cobwebs.  I’ll get it, though.”  He grimaced as he wiggled his fingers through the webbing.  Grabbing it, he tossed it out the door.  “Just knocking stuff off of it,” he said.
Hector grinned. “I’d have probably done the same thing.”
“Why do I get the feeling you’re just saying that to make me feel better?” Hunter said retrieving the hoe.
Hector laughed.  “Come on.  Let’s get our cans and set things up.  We don’t have much time.”
Using the hoe, Hunter began to pull the old cans out of the shed, when a flurry of activity startled them.  Both men shoved against each other as they dashed outside and a few feet away in the pouring rain.
In the beam of the flashlight, both men could see several mice scurrying in various directions. “I guess we disturbed a nest of them.”
“Evidently,” Hunter said.
Ten minutes later they had eight cans lined up outside the shed having dumped the miscellaneous contents of each on the ground.  They grabbed the cans and hurried back inside the cabin and lined them up with a couple of cast iron pots Janet found.  Hector was ripping old rags and towels into wide strips.
“All we need now is something that will ignite and stay lit,” John said.
“Will this work?” Hunter held up a container of lighter fluid.  “It’s nearly full.”
Hector shoved rags in each container then soaked them in the lighter fluid.  “We can use hot debris from the fireplace to lite them.”
“I’ll do that,” Hunter said.  He hurried to the fireplace.  John, Hector, and Jim each grabbed as many cans as they could carry and headed for the airstrip while Hunter used long-handled tongs to fish around for suitable hot coals or burning pieces of wood.  He carefully placed each one in a metal bucket sitting nearby.
“I need a towel or something to wrap around the handle of this thing,” he said.
“I’ll find something!” Betty hurried to the kitchen and was back with another towel.  “Here you go.”
“Thanks,” Hunter said.  He picked up the bucket of hot and flaming wood and raced outside where the men had just finished creating a very large circle with the cans.
“I sure hope this works!” John yelled over the wind.  “The challenge will be keeping them lit!”
“We’ve got a couple of flashlights if we need them!” Hector shouted.
Hunter hurried to a can and Jim used the tongs to place a hot piece of wood in each one, igniting the towels.  Diane ran out to join them.  “I found another can of lighter fluid!” she said.  “It may come in handy.”
“Good girl!” Hunter replied.  “Get back to the cabin and out of the rain,” he ordered.
A sudden flash of lightning lit up the sky with the accompanying roll of thunder.  The driving rain intensified.
“What time is it?” Hunter called out over the sound of the wind.
“Doesn’t matter,” John yelled back.  “We’re out of time!  If he’s on schedule, we should be hearing or seeing him soon.”
Now completely drenched, they all stood, straining to hear the sound of an approaching helicopter.  Janet noticed a couple of fires were dying down and ran to them with the extra can of lighter fluid.
“Hold on!” John ran to her side.  “Stand back.  If the stream of lighter fluid ignites, it’ll come right back at you!  Let me do it.”
John kept his back to the wind and carefully aimed some fluid in each of the cans with a quick snap of his wrist to stop the flow of the flammable liquid.  Satisfied that all the fires were still burning sufficiently, he hurried back to the others.
“That’s quite a sight!” Hector yelled over the wind.  “Let’s just hope they stay lit until he gets here!”  They stood watching the flames whip around and continued to listen.
Janet hurried back to the cabin to wait on the porch with Diane, Karen, and Betty.  “I don’t know about this,” she said over the wind.  “It seems pretty unlikely anyone’s going to make it here under these conditions.”
“I wonder who’s coming?” Betty asked.
“Me too,” Karen replied.  “I just hope whoever it is gets here safely.”
Suddenly, Janet held up her hand.  “Listen!”
The men were also alert, listening, and looking in every direction, watching for signs of the approaching aircraft.  The clouds were racing overhead but still at a low altitude.  Suddenly a glow in the clouds above appeared then the helicopter burst into view its nose light bright against the darkness.  It fishtailed against the driving wind and rain as it came in slow.
All four women stood at the rail, amazed and anxious as they watched the aircraft fight against the wind and approach the lighted area.  With each blast of wind, the aircraft swiveled and lurched from side to side, dipping up and down as the pilot struggled to maintain control of the machine in an attempt to set down within the firelight.  Each attempt was nearly thwarted by powerful gusts of wind throwing it away from the target, first in one direction, then another.  Finally, and with a deliberate thud, it touched down hard and the pilot shut down the engine.
Elated, John and Hector raced to the pilot’s side of the aircraft, keeping their heads down as the overhead blades continued to slow.  Hunter could see the silhouette of the pilot as he was greeted by his companions.  He could also see there was another person onboard who remained seated.  He and Jim decided to head back to the porch and join the women as they waited to meet the new arrivals.
Jim hurried inside the cabin to add more wood to the fire.  Soon it was roaring and throwing out as much heat as possible against the chill of the storm.  Karen and Janet decided to join him.  Betty, though, waited with Hunter.  Both watched with great interest as the pilot and his passenger finally climbed down and headed for the cabin with John and Hector.
Suddenly Betty gasped.  “I don’t believe it!  I don’t believe it!”  Without hesitation, she raced out into the storm straight for the passenger, nearly knocking her over.  Both women embraced tightly.
“Oh, my gosh!” Diane said as she, Janet, and Jim ran out of the cabin.  “It’s Samantha!  It’s Samantha!”
“What?” Hunter and Jim said together.
“It’s her!  She’s safe!”
Everyone watched with great excitement as Betty helped Samantha to the cabin and out of the rain.  Inside, Betty took her straight to the fireplace.  Diane found a blanket and Karen knelt down to remove Samantha’s soaked and muddy footwear.
“You must be freezing!” Betty said as she rubbed Samantha’s drenched hair, arms, and back with the blanket.
“I’m not that cold,” Samantha insisted, her teeth chattering.  “Mostly exhausted.  It’s been quite an ordeal these past few days.  I don’t even know what day it is, to tell you the truth.”
Karen glanced at her watch.  It’s after midnight so it’s Saturday.  You’ve been gone almost a week.  We’ve all been so worried.”
“You and me both,” Samantha said still shivering.
“Where have you been?” Betty asked.  “Who found you?  Who’s the pilot?”
“His name is Brad,” Samantha said.  “That’s all I know.  He found me at some really remote place and said I had been drugged and then we went to this beat up trailer in another remote place in the desert and there were snakes and...”
“Oh, my!” Diane said.  “Snakes!  I hate snakes.”
“Yes, well, Brad took care of me.  He protected me.  He’s... an interesting man.”  Samantha looked toward the door.  “He needs to come in and warm up too.”
Hunter was standing apart from the group but finally spoke up.  “He’s one hell of a pilot, I will say that.”
Samantha smiled.  “Yes.  He is.  I owe my life to him.”  She got quiet and a few tears ran down her cheeks.  “I’m really tired.  I think I’d like to sit down.”
“Of course,” Karen said.  “Come sit over here.”  She pulled a rustic hand-made chair closer to the fire.  “There isn’t much here, I’m afraid.”
“After this week, anything looks good to me,” Samantha said.  “It will do just fine.”
Hunter looked out a window.  “I’d like to meet that pilot,” he said.  “I’ll be outside.”  Stepping out to the porch, he stared into the darkness.  The running lights on the helicopter were out and all but one their fires had gone out as well.  He could see John and Hector sitting in the helicopter.  A dim light created a glow but not sufficient for him to see anything.  Not sure he should join them, he leaned against the outside wall of the cabin to wait.
Jim came outside and joined him.  “Still pretty nasty out here,” he remarked.
“Yeah.  I hope it blows through tonight,” Hunter said, still watching.  “I’d sure like to meet that pilot.”
“Me too, but they obviously have some things to talk about.”
“I just want to thank him for helping Samantha and let him know how impressed I was with his flying.  It’s no easy trick landing one of those machines when the wind has different ideas.”
“I can imagine,” Jim said.  “Well, we might as well go inside and warm up.  I’m sure they’ll come in soon.”
“Yeah.  I seriously doubt he’d take off again.  Not in this weather.”
“This isn’t over yet,” Jim said gravely.  “We may have Samantha back, but my gut says that’s not going to stop whoever’s behind all of this.”  He stared out at the helicopter.  “It may have caused even more problems.”
Hunter looked at him gravely.  “You’re probably right.”
He and Jim went back inside.  Every chair the women could find was pulled close to the fire and all five women were sitting and chatting quietly.  Hunter and Jim settled on the floor and listened.
Janet suddenly stood up.  “I’ll be back in a while,” she said and quickly went outside.
Curious, Hunter got up and watched from a window as she ran for the helicopter and climbed onboard.  He continued to watch for a few minutes then decided to sit down on the floor again to gaze at the fireplace and enjoy the warmth.
“Everything okay?” Jim asked.
“I don’t know.  I guess.  I just wonder why she suddenly decided to go out there.”
Twenty minutes later, Janet returned with Hector and John.  All were dripping wet and gathered around the fire.
“Where’s that pilot?” Hunter asked.
“Out on the porch,” Hector said.
“Why doesn’t he come in where it’s warm?” 
“Why don’t you go ask him?” John said.
Hunter gave him a curious look.  “What.  He needs a personal invitation?”  He stood up and walked to the door.  Stepping out to the porch he noticed the man standing at the rail looking out in the direction of the helicopter.  “It’s a lot warmer inside,” Hunter said.
The man nodded.  “I know.”
“So come on in.”
“I’m not sure you’d want me to,” he said and turned to face him.
Hunter stared.  Speechless.
“I bet you never expected to see me,” Hamilton said.  
“You’re right.  I didn’t.  Not in a million years.”  Hunter continued to stare.  “When did you learn how to fly like that?”
Hamilton didn’t respond immediately then said, “It’s my job.”
“Your job?  You have a job?” Hunter laughed.  “Don’t you mean con job?  Ripping people off?  Sponging off of me?  Is that what you mean by having a job?”
The door opened and John joined them.  “So.  You two make up yet?”
Hamilton looked away.
“You both had better figure out a way to get along in front of everyone else because we can’t afford for Ham to blow his cover,” John said firmly.
“Ham is it?” Hunter’s laugh was muffled by the wind.  “His cover?  What the hell?”
John stood toe-to-toe with Hunter.  “You have no idea what he’s been doing for the past few years, do you?  Because, if you did, most of what is going on right now would make a hell of a lot more sense to you.  But for now, his name is Brad and you know each other, but that’s it.  He’s a damn good pilot and you’re very impressed with his skills.  You got that?”
“Now it’s Brad.”  Hunter looked at both men in the faint glow of light from the cabin windows.  “Yeah,” he said.  “Sure.  Damn good pilot.  You bet.”  With that he went back inside.
John looked at Hamilton.  “Don’t let him get to you.”
Hamilton shook his head.  “We’re not going to be able to keep up this charade for long.”  As soon as I can, I’m out of here.  I did my job.  Samantha is safe.  The rest of you can take it from here.”
“And what are you going to do?” John asked him.
“My job.  I’m going to draw our not-so-good friends away from all of you.  Try to take the heat off.  That’s what I do.”
“Don’t do anything foolish, Ham.  We need you.  You’re still part of the team.”
“Does Frank know I’m working with you guys?”
“I don’t think so.  We’ve tried to keep that under wraps.  Why?”
“Just wondered.”  He looked out at the helicopter holding its own against the wind.  “Based on what you and Hector said, someone seems to have an inside track on what we’re doing and when.”  
John nodded.  “I know,” he said.  “It does feel like we have a leak somewhere.  We’ve wondered about Frank, but don’t have anything solid to go on.  Besides, why would he work against us?  What would he gain from it?”
“Nothing, I guess, except money.”
John patted his friend on the back.  “You coming in?”
“I think I’ll sleep in the chopper tonight,” Hamilton said.  “I’ve slept in worse conditions, so I’ll see you in the morning.  Bright and early.”
John laughed, “Which will be in about three hours.”
“Yeah, well you get inside.  Tell them whatever you need to about me and I’ll see you in about three hours.”  Hamilton pulled his jacket up over his head and ran for the helicopter.  John watched until he was safely onboard then joined the others inside.

  
Chapter Twenty-four
 The violent storm managed to blow through overnight with much calmer winds blowing by daybreak.  The rain had stopped and the few remaining clouds were giving way to blue sky and a bright morning.  Birds were already out taking advantage of an abundance of available puddles.
Hector was up and feeding the fire that had reduced itself to glowing coals.  He and John chatted quietly before slipping outside so the others could sleep.  They headed for the helicopter only to find it was empty and their partner nowhere to be seen.
“Now what’s he up to?” Hector wondered aloud.
Both men scanned the area until they saw finally him standing at the farthest end of the airstrip.
“Should we join him, or wait?” John asked.
“Let’s stay here,” Hector said.  They leaned against the side of the Helicopter and waited until Hamilton finally joined them.
“Sleep well?” John asked him.
“Sure, like three or four hours is plenty,” Hamilton said.  “Actually, I was restless all night.”
“Me too,” John said.  “So, are we sticking to our game plan?”
Hamilton nodded.  “We have to.  We’re committed.  In the meantime, I’ve been trying to figure out how anyone has been able to keep a step ahead of us,” he said.  “That may or may not have some bearing on whether or not our plan will actually work.”
“And if they don’t take the bait?” Hector asked.
“I guess we’ll have to move on to Plan B.  Either way, we need to get everyone ready to move out before our expected guests show up,” Hamilton said.
“And if the leak is someone on our team?”
“That would also include everyone inside.”  Hamilton nodded toward the cabin.  “The leak could easily be someone completely oblivious to what’s been going on and simply shared information unwittingly… which could include any one of them, however, it's rather unlikely it would be Samantha, Betty, or the Wesleys since they never really had any contact with the Allensbys, Randy, or Dirk… whether direct or indirect.  One way or another after today we should have a better idea who and how many.”
“Let's hope so” John said.
“Yeah,” Hector agreed, “because that leaves the rest of us… us, Janet, Brian, Charlie… and possibly Hunter.” 
“And Frank.”  John said soberly.
“And Frank,” Hamilton repeated thoughtfully staring at the airstrip then gestured.  “It’s still in pretty good shape,” he said.  “Even with that storm.  Too bad we couldn’t have brought in a plane large enough to fly everyone out of here.”
“And you still think it was a good idea to bring them all here?”
“Maybe not a good idea, but our best opportunity to flush someone out.  So, Yes.  It’s like loading the bases and hoping for a grand slam.  The bait had to be tempting enough or it wouldn’t work.”  He looked toward the cabin. “Make sure everyone eats a good breakfast.  It may be a while before they get another meal.”
The sun had already crested the eastern mountain range casting its golden glow on the trees opposite the airstrip.  
John nodded toward the cabin.  “Hunter’s watching us.  You two need to talk,” he said, “before you go hauling off to save the day.”
Hector agreed.  “Now is as good a time as any.  See you inside.”  He and John started for the cabin greeting Hunter coming toward them as they passed by.
Hamilton stood with his arms folded, watching Hunter approach but said nothing.
Hunter stopped a few feet from the helicopter and waited.  Finally, he asked, “So... how’d you sleep?”
“Good enough.”
Hunter nodded.
Hamilton stared.
“You gonna say anything?” Hunter asked.
“Like what?”
“How about good morning?”
“Good morning,” Hamilton repeated.
Hunter shifted and set his jaw.  “Dammit Drew!”
“What!” he replied straightening up, his arms now at his side, fists clenched.  “What did I do this time!”
“I don’t know!  You... you... well hell!  When did you learn to fly a helicopter for starters!”
Hamilton let out a laugh.  “You think you’re the only one who can learn to do things like this?  Is that it?”
“No!  I just want to know!”
Hamilton stared again.  “Okay, five years ago.  Satisfied?”
“Yeah, okay.  Five years ago.  Great.”
Hamilton squared off with him.  “What do you want from me?”
“Straight answers!”
“Okay.  Here’s one.  I don’t need you anymore.  I’m doing just fine on my own!”
Hunter looked at him in exasperation.  “So why call me recently... more than once, as a matter of fact? What was that all about?  Checking up.  You never check up on me.  What did you want!”
“What do you care!  It doesn’t matter now anyway.  I got my answer.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“It means I won’t call you again.  How’s that?”
Hunter threw up both hands.  “Okay... okay.  Just stop.  Let’s stop and...”
“And what!”
“Let’s just stop and start over.”
“Why?  You hate me.  You’ve always hated me!”
“I don’t hate you!  Why would you say that!”
“Because it’s true!  You hate me.  You hated my dad.  I guess the only person who mattered to both of us was mom,” Hamilton said.
Hunter took a breath and blinked.  “I’m sorry I yelled,” he said.
Hamilton, surprised at Hunter’s sudden change, muttered, “Yeah, okay.  Me too.  All of this excitement is getting everyone stirred up.”
“Can we talk?” Hunter asked.  “Not yell.  Just talk.”
Hamilton looked at him for a long moment before answering.  “Climb onboard.”
Both got settled in the passenger compartment and Hamilton closed the door.
“Drew,” Hunter began, “it’s obvious your life has changed.  I don’t know what you’re doing, but Hector and John seem pretty damned impressed with you.”  He fished for the right words.  “I don’t know.  I just wonder what you’re doing, that’s all.  I mean... watching you pilot this rig in that storm last night... hell, I’ve never had to fly in a storm like that.  I have to admit, I was really impressed.  You say you’ve only been flying for five years?”
“Helicopters for five years.  Planes longer than that.  Mom helped pay for the lessons.  Other than that, there’s not much else I can tell you, Jimmy.”
Hunter grinned. “Jimmy.  You know the last time I was called Jimmy was just a few days ago.  I saw Uncle Joe and his new wife, Vera.  I like her.  She’s good for him.  They’re both doing real good.”
“Uncle Joe.  How long has it been?” Hamilton asked.  “I miss him and Aunt Ella.  I finally found out she died.”  He paused.  “It felt almost the same as losing mom.”
“Yeah.  I know,” Hunter said.  “And I just found out that Uncle Joe got remarried.”
“I’m glad he’s found someone to keep him company,” Hamilton said then looked at Hunter.  “Jimmy, there’s not a lot I can tell you because of the nature of the work I do.  And please don’t immediately assume I’m in trouble.  I’m not.  It’s just that what I do is kinda like being... undercover.  I have to be careful who I talk to and what I say.”
Hunter looked at him then glanced toward the cabin.  “And John and Hector?”
“We work together.”
“So are you like a spy or something?  Are you FBI too?”
“The less you know the better,” Hamilton said.  “When I called you recently, I really did want to know how you were doing and if everything was okay.  Now that you and I are both here hiding out, and with what John and Hector have been filling me in on lately, I know that you’ve been having some issues.  I had already suspected that was the case because of a couple of other things I overheard recently.”
“Issues,” Hunter repeated.  “That’s putting it mildly.  I’ve been shot at more than once and my ranch house was broken into and ransacked.  I’ve been chased by an armed helicopter out of Arizona, and... and someone tried to get to me and Janet when we were hiding out in Canada.”
“Canada,” Hamilton repeated.  “You were in Canada?”
“Yeah.  We flew there when we left Uncle Joe’s place.”
“Where’d you stay?  At the Inn by the Sea?”
“Yeah,” Hunter said and looked at him curiously.
“The McKinney’s still running that place?”
“They are.  You know them?”
“Nice people.”
“They’re not spies too, are they?”
Hamilton laughed.  “No.  They’re just nice people.  A little nosy sometimes, but other than that...”
Hunter nodded.  “For a minute there, I thought you were going to tell me they were running some kind of a racket.”
Both men laughed aloud at the thought.
“No.  But I’ve stayed there a few times.  Not recently, but a couple of years ago I had occasion to be up there more than once.  I liked it.  But now I’m worried that maybe they might have said something inadvertently to someone else... about you being there.”
Hunter didn’t respond, although his mind was racing regarding a phone call he’d made to Frank.
His brother continued.  “You’re probably wondering why all these things have been happening to you, Jimmy,” he said.
“Damn right.  Do you know why?”
“I have a pretty good idea.”
“You want to tell me?”
“There are some people who aren’t too happy with me.  They’ve been trying to set a trap... to catch me, but so far, nothing’s worked.”
“A trap?  Why?  Why do they want to catch you?”
Hamilton held up one hand.  “That’s not important.  What is important is they found out about you.  I’ve kept my relationship to you under wraps for years.  But especially since I hooked up with John and Hector and started working with them.  Somehow, though, these people found out about us.  You and me.  So they obviously have been trying to cook up some way to nab you to lure me out.  In fact,” he paused, “do any of your friends know that you and I are brothers?  Besides John and Hector, that is.”
“I don’t think so.  At least as far as I can tell.  No one has said anything to me or asked, but then I haven’t advertised that I have a brother.”  He stopped.  “Well, Frank knows.”
“Frank,” Hamilton repeated.
“Yeah.  Frank Bradley.  Karen’s husband.”
“Yeah.  I know who he is,” Hamilton said.  “Okay, well I don’t want these folks to know, at least not yet.”
“Why not?”
“Because I said so, that’s why.”  Hamilton gave his brother a stern look.
Hunter nodded thoughtfully.  “Okay.”
Hamilton changed the subject.  “So tell me about Samantha.  What is your relationship with her?”
“Relationship?”  Hunter seemed amused. “We’re not in a relationship.  I barely know her.”
“There’s got to be some reason they think you’re involved with her, even if casually.”
Hunter sat back and stared at his brother.  “You mean... you think she was kidnapped because someone thinks she and I are in a relationship?”  He laughed.  “These people must be pretty desperate to grasp at straws like that.  Heck, I ran into her... literally ran into her, with a shopping cart at the Home Center in Coeur d’Alene.  Then Jim and Diane invited me to dinner one evening and there she was.  She was staying with them while her house is being renovated.  That’s it.  Nothing else.”
Hamilton sat thinking.  “That’s odd then.  Unless...”
“Unless what?”
“I need to think about it some more.”
“Okay,” Hunter said.  “Then tell me how you ended up with her.”
Hamilton smiled.  “I can’t go into the details of how I found out about her, but I can say she’s quite a woman.  She’s opinionated and stubborn.  Strong in some ways, but at the same time vulnerable.  She reminds me of someone... and she loves to ask questions.  Lots and lots of questions.”
“Questions?”  Hunter asked with a look of amusement.
“Yeah.  One after another.”
Hunter laughed.  “That’s funny.  She hardly said a word to me at dinner that evening.”
Hamilton chuckled.  “Can you blame her?  Sitting at the same table as world-renowned Hunter Blake?  Famous movie star?”
“Yeah, okay,” Hunter said.  “So, who does she remind you of?”
Hamilton looked away.
“I’m sorry,” Hunter said.  “I didn’t mean to...”
“It’s okay.  I should tell you,” he said.  “So... did mom ever mention to you... that I got married?”
“What?  No! When?  Who?”
“Her name was Melissa.  She was wonderful.  I was so happy with her.  We were both happy.  I finally had someone in my life who could just love me the way I was and for who I was.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”  Hunter asked.
“You and I weren’t talking to each other.  You told me you didn’t want me calling, that I was a bum and to leave you alone.  Besides, I doubt you would have approved of her anyway, that’s why.”
“I’m sure I would have liked her,” Hunter said.  He watched his brother.  “You say her name was Melissa.  What happened?”
“She was killed.  Shot.  Point blank by some thug who was strung out on something.  She pleaded with him but he just laughed at her and pulled the trigger.  He and his partner had followed us home one evening and forced their way into our apartment.  They wanted money.  One of them tied me up while the other one...” he hesitated.  “It was...” He stared at his feet trying to compose himself.  “It was our first anniversary.  We were going to celebrate...” He struggled to keep his emotions in check.  “They rummaged through my wallet and her purse and were going to kill me when someone out in the hall started yelling and banged on the door, so they climbed out a window and left down a fire escape.  I couldn’t even get to her.  I was tied up and gagged but she was still alive and I couldn’t do anything to save her.  I had to sit there, Jimmy, and watch her bleed out and die, while someone finally managed to break down our door.”
Hunter rubbed his face and blinked.  “I’m so sorry, Drew.  I really am.”
Hamilton wiped his own eyes.  “I found out someone was going to kill Samantha.  I didn’t know who she was or why she’d been taken but somehow Carolyn Allensby was involved and that meant trouble.  I knew they wouldn’t let her live, whoever she was, but I couldn’t let that happen.   I did what I had to do to protect her because... because I figured she was special to someone.  It hurts when you lose someone you care for so deeply.  It really hurts and the pain doesn’t go away.  I didn’t want someone else to experience what I did.”
Hunter blinked hard as he studied his brother.  “You care for her, don’t you?”
“She was an assignment.  That’s all.”
Hunter nodded.  “I don’t really know her all that well,” he said.  “The Wesleys do.  Like I said, she was staying with them while her house was being repaired.  All I did was offer to put her up at the Resort where she would be more comfortable.”
Drew looked up at him.  “Who knew that?  How many people knew that?”
“What do you mean?”
“How many people knew that you were paying for her to stay at the Resort?”
“Well, the Wesleys and... I don’t know.  I don’t remember if I said anything to anyone else because I didn’t want Sam to find out that I was paying for her room, and the repairs on her house.”
“You were also paying for the repairs?”
“Yes, but it was just Jim and Diane that knew that.  I made them promise not to tell her.  We made up some story about a group of people who do that sort of thing, you know?  Help people out in situations like hers.” Hunter sat thinking.  “Maybe I told Frank because... well, yeah, because I ran the expenses through my private company and he handles a lot of that for me.”
“Frank,” Hamilton said thoughtfully.  How did you meet him?  You pick him out of the phone book?” he half-smiled.
Hunter chuckled. “No.  I met him at a fund-raiser.”
“I see.
“Is there a problem with that?”
“Depends.”
“On what?”
Hamilton hesitated before answering.  “There’s this one particular organization, I’m aware of, that generates capital through fundraisers.  They make their acquaintance with notable people, usually at other fundraisers or special occasions.  They profile people, looking for just the right ones who will take the bait and eagerly agree to sponsor a socially worthwhile event... usually something that the person is already passionate about.  Then they encourage him to invite all his friends, business associates, and so on, to come and fork over some money.
“The organization creates presumed charities with all the necessary documentation, legal papers, all of it, and holds events in snazzy venues with live entertainment, a notable guest list, exotic foods and beverages... whatever it takes to entice participation.  As a result, the company rakes in millions of dollars that they say is going to worthy causes such as starving children, abused women, animal cruelty, environmental issues... all that sort of thing, when in fact, the money is redirected into other activities.  
“The people who attend don’t bother to check to ensure things are on the up and up.  They trust the function’s host.  They get assurances from the organization's lawyers and corporate leaders who provide all kinds of manufactured documentation to prove their legitimacy.  Then the party begins.  People come.  Throw their money around.  Get their pictures taken to accompany write ups, newsfeeds, anything to lend authenticity to the event, touting what good-hearted souls they are for being so generous.”
Hunter shifted uncomfortably.
“Do you have any idea how gullible people can be?” Hamilton asked.  
Hunter let out a laugh.  “I guess I’ve been one of those gullible people,” he said.  “I’ve been to a couple of those types of fundraisers.”
“I’m not saying they’re all illegal, Jimmy, but you should always approach anything like that with a measure of caution, before you hand over your hard-earned cash.”
Hunter smiled at his brother.  “I am beginning to gain a whole new appreciation for you Drew.  And thanks for the tip,” Hunter said then sigh.  “So now what?”
“We have a plan.  Everyone needs to hang tight and be sharp.”
“Maybe we should take turns standing watch,” Hunter suggested.
Hamilton nodded.  “Right now, though, I could use some food.  As Samantha would say, some real food.”
Hunter smiled.  “She definitely had an effect on you.”
“No.  I told you, she was just a job.”
“Right.”  Hunter laughed as he climbed out of the helicopter.
“Seriously.”  
Hamilton hurried after his brother.  Back inside the cabin, both men were greeted with the aroma of pancakes and sliced canned ham frying in a cast iron skillet.  Diane and Betty fussed around making sure there would be plenty for everyone.
“Janet?” Diane called out.  “Would you mind going to the cellar and look for another can of fruit of some kind?”
“Sure,” Janet said and stood up from where she and Hector had been sitting in front of the fire.  Using a flashlight, she scanned the shelves and found two large cans of peaches.  As she got ready to go back upstairs, she noticed a beat up foot locker sitting nearby.  Curious, she put the cans down and opened the lid.  “Wow,” she whispered.  Reaching in, she moved some items around and noticed guns and ammunition but also something familiar.
Pulling out a vest that look similar to the one Brian had been wearing she impulsively removed her baggy sweatshirt and put it on over her T-shirt.  “Interesting,” she said.
“Janet?” Betty called down to her.  “Did you find anything?”
“Yes.  Two cans of peaches.  I’ll bring them up.” 
“I can come get them,” Betty said.
“No, that’s okay.  I’m coming.”  She quickly pulled the sweatshirt on over the vest, closed the lid of the locker, then picked up the cans and went back up to the kitchen.
“Oh, good,” Diane said.  “That’s perfect.”  She and Betty finished getting the food on the table and asked the men to come sit down.  Karen remained in a chair, her gaze fixed on the flickering flames.
Hunter walked over to her.  “Karen,” he said.  “Why don’t you come sit with me?”
“I’m not very hungry,” she said.
“You need to eat something.”  He took her by the hand.  “Come on.  Just a couple of bites won’t hurt.”
Reluctantly she stood up and he pulled her chair to the table.  She sat and stared at her hands folded in her lap.  Diane gave Hunter a worried look and he nodded in return then waited quietly as Jim offered a blessing on the food.

After breakfast, Hunter suggested he and Karen take a walk outside.  Without a word she allowed him to take her by the hand.  Heading away from the cabin, they ventured out beyond the helicopter and further down the airstrip still wet from the previous night’s rain storm.
“It’s a beautiful morning,” Hunter remarked.  “Watch for puddles.”
Karen nodded.
“A lot of birds chirping up in the trees,” he said.  “They’re probably just as glad that storm is gone as we are.”
She nodded again.
“Karen,” he began.
She stopped and faced him.  “You don’t have to fuss over me, Hunter.  I’ll be fine.  I’m just worried about Frank, that’s all.  I haven’t heard from him and that’s not like him.  Plus...” she glanced back at the cabin, “I overheard John and Hector talking this morning while the rest of you were sleeping.”
“Oh?”
“They mentioned Frank’s name.  They were whispering, but I could hear them.  I didn’t catch everything they said as they went outside, but I didn’t like their tone.  I got the feeling they don’t like Frank or don’t trust him or something.  Do they know him?  I know they’re all FBI but...”
“I don’t know, Karen.  What I do know... is right now we have to trust them... a little.”
“Okay... I’ll do my best.”  They continued to walk.  “What were you and Brad talking about this morning?  You were out there with him for a long time.”
“Brad?  Oh... I was telling him…  how much I admired how he handled that helicopter last night... er, I guess it was this morning.”  Hunter forced a chuckle.  “So we talked about flying.  You know... that kind of stuff.”
She nodded again. “Of course.  That makes sense.”  She started to tear up.  “I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to sound distrusting of you.  I’m just...”
“I know.”  He pulled her close and put his arms around her as she finally released her emotions and began to sob.  “It’s going to be okay,” he said.  “Cry all you need to.  I’m here for you.  You know that.  We’re friends.  Family.  Have been for a long time and I’m here for you.”  He kissed the top of her head and continued to hold her tightly.
Janet stood at a window watching.
Diane joined her.  “Everything okay?”
“He’s holding Karen.”
“That’s good.  She’s having a hard time with all of this.  She needs him right now.  Hunter’s been a good friend… to her and to Frank.”
“How long have they been friends?” Janet asked.
“Several years, I think.  Ever since Hunter first met Frank.”
“I see,” Janet said, then sat down in front of the fire again next to Hector.  “So, what’s the plan?”
“We’re working on it,” he said.  “Just a couple of details to iron out first.”  He stood up.  “I think I'll go outside to look around.”
“Good idea,” John said from the table.  “I’ll join you in a little while, after I finish some more of these pancakes.”  eHHHHhh He looked at Betty and grinned.  “You’re an excellent cook, you know that?”
“Diane did most of the cooking,” she replied.
“You helped.  I watched you.”
Betty made a face and picked up some dirty dishes to take to the sink.
“You need help with those?” John asked.
“Nope,” she replied without turning around.  “You can go be with your friend.”
Janet was amused and walked over to Betty as John left.  “I can help you.”  Together they began washing dishes and continued to do so in silence until Janet teased her.  “He’s hitting on you, you know.”
“I know,” Betty replied, focusing on what she was doing.
“Why don’t you humor him?  Just for laughs.”
Betty put down the dishrag and faced Janet.  “I don’t want to give him the impression that I’m interested.  That wouldn’t be fair.  I’m not interested in getting involved with anyone.”
“Why not?” Janet was curious.  “He’s a nice guy.”
Betty nodded.  “I know but I was married for over thirty years before my husband suddenly died of a heart attack two years ago.  “I loved him very much and I still consider myself married to him.  It just wouldn’t feel right, that’s all.”
Janet dried a few more dishes.  “That’s sweet,” she finally said.  “He must have been a wonderful man.”
“He was,” Betty replied and wiped her eyes with the back of her hand.
Janet was instantly remorseful.  “I didn’t mean to upset you.”
Betty nodded and managed a smile.  “I know.”

Outside, John and Hector waited for Hamilton to join them then discussed some last minute plans.
“One of you needs to move this van up on the fire road in case we need to go to Plan B and get everyone out of here that way,” Hamilton said.  “The satellite phone is under the driver’s seat, right?”
“Yes,” John said.  “It’s ready to go.”
“Okay.  Contact Charlie.  Let him know of our possible change of plans. “My gut tells me we’re out of time so I’m going to get going now.”  He looked around.  “I’m going to miss this place.  I won’t be able to come back anytime soon, that’s for sure, now that its whereabouts are more than likely known.”
“Yeah.” Hector said.  “It is too bad.  It was a great place to hide out between jobs.”
Hamilton nodded.  “Okay.  You two decide who’s moving the van and I’ll hurry to get out of here, but first I want to talk to our folks.”  He shook their hands.  “If I don’t see you again, it’s been a pleasure.  You guys are great to work with and even better to hang out with.”
“We’ll see each other again,” Hector said.  “I’m not all that ready to give it up yet.”
Hamilton smiled.  “Okay.  Until we meet again.”
John volunteered to move the van while Hamilton and Hector hurried back inside.  Hector called everyone together.  “Brad wants to talk to us for a minute before he leaves.”
Hamilton stood near one of the front windows and faced everyone.  “I just want you all to know that dragging you up here without much explanation was a difficult decision to make.  There are some really nasty people in the world doing really nasty stuff.  We’ve been trying to take down a very dangerous syndicate... a drug and human trafficking cartel.  They’ve managed to elude us, for the most part.  We’ve gathered a few bits and pieces both here and in Mexico, but we’ve never been able to pin down any of the upper management, if you will.  They’ve been pretty clever.
He shifted and glanced out the window before continuing.  Most of you should have never been drawn into this.  Unfortunately there’s not much we can do about that now.  So... in essence you’ve all become bait, for lack of a better term.  And I’m really sorry.
He continued.  “Our primary plan is for me to leave in the helicopter and attempt to draw attention away from here.  In the meantime, Hector and John will see to it that you get away from here safely.  Our hope is that these people will think everyone’s still here and show up anyway.
Hunter put up his hand.  “Excuse me, but... what’s going to happen when they get here and we’re all gone... then what?  Are we still going to have to look over our shoulders everywhere we go?  Are they still gonna come after any or all of us?”
Hamilton looked at his partners.
Hector stepped forward.  Ham, John, and I will take care of things here.  Ham will draw them away long enough for all of you to get away, then we’ll engage them and hope for the best.”
“Wait!” Samantha spoke up.  “Ham?”
“Uh... Brad.  H-Ham’s a nickname we’ve given him... for being such a ham.  He gets a little crazy... sometimes... and ham’s it up.”  Hector shot a glance at Hamilton hoping that would suffice.
 “Okay,” Samantha said studying Brad’s face.  “But I’m still confused.  Who exactly is trying to find you?”
“Well that’s what we hope to find out and confirm,” Hector said quickly.  “In the meantime, we need to get all of you out of here as soon as possible. 
 “And our only way out of here is in the van,” Jim said.
“Yes,” Hector replied.
“I see.  So we’ll drive out the same way we came?”
“No,” Hector said then stopped as everyone suddenly reacted at the sound of the van starting.  Jim stepped to a window and watched as John pulled away.  “Where’s he going if we’re supposed to drive out of here in that thing?”
“He’s moving the van out of sight,” Hector said.  That way anyone flying over won’t spot it.”  He faced the group.  “Look.  The three of us aren’t accustomed to handling rescue missions like this.  We work on general plans of action in completely different types of situations where it’s just us.  We improvise as we go.  I mean, that’s what we do.  That’s how we operate.  This has been different because we’ve had to protect all of you at the same time and it’s not that we don’t want to but...”
Hamilton jumped in.  “What he’s trying to say is, if we could plan everything down to the last detail, we would, but we can’t.  There are always too many variables.  So we plan for the worst and hope for the best, as they say.  There’s an escape tunnel out of the cabin, running from the cellar to about thirty feet into the forest with an emergency exit hatch.  The hatch is usually covered in fallen debris so it’s not likely anyone is going to easily find it.  From there, you’ll make your way to a nearby fire road, find the van, and go get help.  There’s a satellite phone and a bunch of maps in it.
Betty sat frowning and looked at her friend.  “Sam?” she said.
“We’ll be okay.”  She took Betty’s hand.
Janet and Karen both sat listening.  Janet put her arm around Karen.  “We’ll stick together, you and me.  Okay?”
Karen nodded but didn’t say anything.
Jim stood up.  “Okay, then let’s get started.”
Diane looked at her husband in surprise.  “Jim?”
“Honey I don’t like this any better than you or anyone else in this room, but we don’t have much choice in the matter at this point.  So we do what we can and get ready to leave.”  He looked at everyone.  “Right?”
A few heads nodded.
“I gotta go,” Hamilton said.  “All my best to everyone.  You’ll be fine.  I have to get some things before I bug out,” he said and ran down to the cellar.  In the meantime Hector began to explain about the tunnel.
“We access it from the cellar.  Like Ham said, it goes for about thirty feet.  It’s reinforced and there’s an exit hatch at the opposite end.”  He looked at Hunter and Jim.  “Come on.  I’ll show you both the entrance.”
They passed Hamilton as he came back up.  He stopped long enough to look at Samantha.  “I really wanted to get you home safely.  I guess I have to break that promise.  Didn’t quite work out the way I’d hoped, I’m afraid.  I’m really sorry.”
“Don’t be sorry.  You saved my life, and after staying in that junky trailer and eating gourmet meals with you, I think I can handle this.”
He grinned.  “I know you can.”
She leaned in closer and whispered, “But someday you need to tell me who you really are and what your real name is.”
He grinned then looked at everyone else.  “Okay.  There are a couple of backpacks in the cellar along with food and supplies.  Pack anything you want to take with you just be sure you can carry it.”  He looked at Samantha again and grinned.  “There are plenty of emories down there.”  Samantha made a face.
“Okay, girls,” Diane said.  “Let’s get moving.”
Hector, Jim and Hunter hurried back upstairs from the cellar.
Hamilton looked at his long-time friend.  “Hector.  Take care, man.”
“You bet.  We’ll see each other again.”
Everyone jumped into action as the brothers looked at each other.  Without saying a word, they embraced.
“You look out for yourself,” Hunter said.  “We have a lot of catching up to do.”
The women went to work pulling items together to take with them while Hamilton hurried outside.  Hector stood on the porch to watch as his long-time partner climbed into the cockpit.  Hector started to wave then stopped to listen.  It was an unmistakable sound.  Instantly, he was off the porch and raced to the helicopter.
Hamilton had just started the systems check when he heard Hector call out to him.
“What!” he shouted to Hector.
“It’s too late!  I hear them coming!  You’ll never get up in time!”
Hamilton immediately shut everything down and hurried back to the cabin with Hector.
“We’ve got company,” Hector said as he burst into the cabin.  “Ham and I will stay up here.  The rest of you take the tunnel to the forest.  Get out and stay out.  Hunter.  Follow the map I gave you.  Find the fire road and keep walking until you reach the van.  Don’t come back here for any reason.  Is that clear!”
He nodded.
“Okay.  Go!”
Jim led the way, with the women anxiously on his heels.  Hunter hung back.
“Drew.  Let me stay and help.”
“You will help by taking point and staying with Jim and the women.” He started to turn away then stopped.  “Take care of Samantha, will you.  I promised her she’d be safe.  You’ll have to make sure of that now.”
Hunter nodded.  “I will.  I promise.”
“Okay.  Now get out of here.  And I meant it when I said don’t come back.  It won’t be safe.  Understood?”
“Understood,” Hunter said then disappeared into the cellar.
Hector hurried after him.  “Hold up,” he said then opened the foot locker.  “Here.”  He handed Hunter two nine millimeter handguns and two extra clips.  “For you and Jim.  This is all we can spare, I’m afraid, so if you have to use them, make every shot count.”
Hunter accepted the weapons with some trepidation.  “I... uh...”
“Hey.  Ham said you could shoot.”
“I can.  But I’ve never shot at people before.” 


Chapter Twenty-five
 Hector and Hamilton were positioned at two front windows watching as a black helicopter appeared over the treetops and began circling overhead.
“It’s armed,” Hector said as they watched it continue to circle.  Suddenly a large private jet swooped in, barely missing treetops on their approach.  “Not good,” he said.  “But they’ll be lucky they don’t careen into the trees at the other end of the runway.”  Hector ran to a back window to take a look.
“Landing won’t be the problem as much as taking off,” Hamilton called back to him.  “Like you say, the trees are close to both ends of the runway.” He paused. “If they take off.  Depends on how this plays out.”
The sleek white private jet managed to set down on the lengthy earthen runway with only feet to spare then carefully turned around and taxied back before parking near Hamilton’s helicopter.  Moments later, two figures emerged.
“Really not good,” Hector muttered, watching the plane slowly work its way back along the runway.  He watched for the circling helicopter but it either landed out of view or took off.
He rejoined Hamilton curiously watching the activity outside.
“Now what?” Hector asked.  “And I wonder where John is.”  He watched the two men approach the cabin.  “They’re practically asking us to shoot at them.”
“Yeah,” Hamilton said thoughtfully.  “Practically.”  He looked up at the sky.  “Where’d that chopper go?”
“Haven’t seen it since the jet landed.”
“Check in back again… in case we have more visitors.”
Hector hurried to the back window, scanning the trees for any sign of movement while Hamilton kept watching from the front.  He smiled.  “It’s Davenport,” he called back to Hector, “but I can’t tell who the other guy is yet.  He's keeping his head down.”
Daniel Davenport was dressed in casual slacks and a buttoned shirt.  He wore sunglasses and walked with a swagger, obviously confident and pleased with the situation.  His companion, though, was husky looking, dressed in dark clothing, including a black baseball cap, and dark sunglasses.
Hamilton studied them.  “Over-confident, as usual.  You see anything back there?” he called out to Hector.
“Not a thing.  But they may have more men on the plane,” he said.
Hamilton merely nodded without a reply.  A waiting game began.  Eventually, Davenport yelled toward the cabin.
“Hamilton!  I know you’re in there!  It’s just a matter of time.  You might as well come out before anyone gets hurt!”
Hamilton stayed quiet and watched.  “He’s stalling.”  He continued to watch then got an uneasy feeling.  “Something’s wrong,” he said.  “And, if I didn’t know better… that other guy reminds me of... Dirk.”
“But you killed him,” Hector said, now back at the front.
“Yeah.  At least I thought I did.”  He shook his head.  “I messed up.  I didn’t confirm the kill.”  He took a deep breath and let it out.
A moment later, John emerged from the cellar.  “I heard the chopper and saw the jet.  What’s going on?” he asked, joining them, then took a good look.  “Is that Dirk?” he asked.  “I thought...”
“Yeah.  So did I,” Hamilton said.  “Damn.”  He kept watching but asked, “Did our friends make it out okay?”
“I don’t know.  I didn’t see them,” John said.
“You didn’t pass them on the fire road?”
“No.”
Hamilton kept watching.  “Okay, you both take the tunnel and get out.  I’ll stay here and keep them distracted.  See if you can find the others.”
Hector hesitated with a frown.
“Just do it,” Hamilton said.
“But…”  Hector reluctantly said, “Okay.”  He motioned for John and they disappeared into the cellar.
Daniel called out to Hamilton again.  “Ham!  There’s something I want you to see!” he yelled.  Another man, also wearing black, appeared dragging a woman with him.
Hamilton stiffened.  “Janet,” he whispered.
“You’ve got two minutes to come out here or she dies!” Daniel yelled.  “Two minutes!”
Janet bit her captor’s hand and screamed, “Don’t do it!  Don’t do it!”  She wriggled loose and began to run.  A shot rang out and he feared the worst.
“I’ve got five more waiting in line, Ham!” Daniel yelled.  “Five more of your precious friends!  It’s up to you or their deaths will be on your head!  Do you hear me!”
Hamilton said nothing.
“Are you some kind of fool, Ham!  You must be!  You’re heartless!  We’ll kill them all and then we’ll come get you and kill you too!” Daniel’s voice raised in pitch and he double-checked his automatic weapon.
“He’s nervous,” Hamilton said to himself then smiled and looked up at the loft. 
“You got thirty seconds!”
 Hamilton reached for a wire above the front door jamb and attached it to an eye-bolt on the door itself.  Next he grabbed the last clip of rounds and shoved it in a pocket before scurrying up the ladder to the loft.  At the far end, he carefully slid a bolt, silently raised a trap door to the roof, and climbed out.  
Quietly lowering the trap door back into place, he flattened himself on the roof and shimmied to the ridge to take a look below.

*  *  *

Janet, lay prone on the ground in the shade of a group of tall pine trees.  Feeling a slight pain, she stayed as still as possible, waiting and listening.  After a few more minutes she carefully reached under her sweatshirt and could feel something liquid.  Daring to look up, she slowly raised her head enough to watch as a man walked away.  Pulling her hand out it was covered in what looked like blood. “Son-of-a-gun, it worked!” she whispered.
Although still slightly stunned from the impact of a bullet to her side, she stayed motionless and waited, silently counting to twenty, before rising up slightly again to look.  She could see more men, in addition to Daniel Davenport.
No one was paying attention to her.  Obviously they assumed she was dead.  She kept watching then very slowly began to belly crawl around behind the cabin and out of sight of the intruders.  Once there, she took a deep breath then stayed low but got on her feet and made her way further into the woods. 
A fallen tree trunk provided better cover.  She hunkered down and took a moment to catch her breath and calm her racing heart.  “Daniel Davenport,” she whispered.  “So you’re the jerk behind all of this.”
Not knowing what happened to her companions, she decided not to stick around any longer and got up.  Carefully making her way deeper into the trees, she eventually found a narrow deer trail.  She stopped to listen and look around then continued up the trail doing her best to stay alert.  A couple of birds flitted overhead but other than that all seemed quiet.
The trail eventually split with one branch wider than the other.  Taking the wider one, Janet followed it uphill for quite a distance before stopping to catch her breath once again.  She took a couple more steps then stopped and gazed through the trees at the sight of what appeared to be some kind of a structure up ahead.  
Cautiously, she approached until she could see it was a small shack.  Crouching down, she waited, watched, and listened, but couldn’t hear anything.  She picked up a few small stones and tossed one at the tiny porch then waited.  Nothing.  She tossed another one with the same result.  With nerves on edge, she approached the shack.  The front door was slightly ajar.  Although uneasy, she stepped onto the porch and carefully looked inside.

*  *  *

Hamilton remained on the roof concealed by overhanging tree boughs.  He watched the men milling about in front and counted six or seven of them.  All had guns drawn and three were poised, as if waiting for a signal to storm the cabin.  Looking over his shoulder, he hoped John and Hector had made it safely out and away, since the others obviously had been captured.
Not happy with the situation, he shimmied to a sizeable tree limb.  From there he dropped to the ground out of sight of the intruders and made his way deeper into the forest.  Finding a large fallen tree trunk, he lay behind it and waited, silently counting the seconds.

*  *  *

Janet walked out of the tiny shack.  She could tell that one or two people had been staying there, even though there wasn’t much in the way of personal belongings.  Moving around to the back of the shack, she stopped abruptly.  “A jeep,” she said and quickly looked around.  It sat in a small cleared area, backed up to the shack.  A few feet beyond was a narrow dirt road that had been carved out of the forest.
Looking around and listening, Janet peeked into the driver’s seat window then opened the door.  Looking for a key, she found one under the floor matt.  Without hesitation, she slid in behind the wheel and took a deep breath.
Just as she shoved the key into the ignition, she was startle by a loud explosion that echoed throughout the forest.  Birds squawked and scattered overhead.  Fearing the worst, she started the engine, put it in gear, and drove onto the dirt road, praying like crazy no one would try to stop her.

*  *  *

Hamilton could hear shouting beyond the remains of the destroyed cabin, but wasted no time making his way deeper into the trees.  He stopped, crouched down, and waited several seconds before emitting a low whistle.  Soon he heard reply and finally met up with his partners.
“What the hell, Ham!” John said in a hushed whisper.  “You blew the place up?”
Hamilton nodded soberly.  “I think our friends are now captives and I believe Janet was shot.”
“What?” John asked.  “Is she...?”
“I don’t know,” Hamilton said.  “I saw her run out of view and watched the guy pull the trigger, but that’s all.”
Hector nodded.  “We could see a lot of footprints around the hatch and what looked like shuffling but didn’t see anyone,” he said, “and we saw four guys out here a few minutes ago, but they all ran for the cabin when it blew.”
 “So, our folks... on the plane, you think?” Hamilton asked.
“More than likely.  It’s the best place to keep them rounded up.”
“You didn’t hear the gunshot or see Janet?”
“We must have been in the tunnel when all that happened,” Hector said.  “Sorry.”
“Okay,” Hamilton said.  He scanned the trees then crouched down, as did his companions.
Hamilton ran a hand through his hair.  “This has gotten out of hand.  If it were just the three of us, we’d probably be able to take care of things, but until we can rescue our friends...” He shook his head.  “I don’t know.  I’d really like to know what happened to Janet... whether she’s dead or not.”
Hector frowned.  “That wouldn’t be wise and you know it.  That means going back to the cabin, or what’s left of it.”
“I know and Dirk’s there.”
“Yeah, Dirk.”
“And now he’ll be more dangerous than ever and with a grudge, I’m sure.  He has no problem shooting first before asking questions, if he even bothers to ask.”
John nodded.  “We know... which is why we need to get to higher ground and decide what to do next.”
“Yeah, but...”
“Are you listening to me?” John said.  “This is no time to play super hero.”
“We need to get going,” Hector said.  “We’re no good to anyone just sitting here and feeling sorry for ourselves.”
“Right,” John agreed.  “Let’s split up but not get too far away from each other.  At least it might be harder to see us moving around if we’re not in a bunch,” he said.
Hamilton nodded.  “You’re right.  Let’s go.”  While the shouting behind them continued, the three men moved deeper into the forest then split up.
“Use the bird calls,” Hamilton said.
Each of them selected a different direction and took off.  Hamilton hung back and waited until his two companions were out of sight then retraced his steps back toward the cabin.  Reaching the sight of the hatch, he examined the ground, confirming John’s assessment then stayed low to watch what was going on.  The commotion had died down and the men he’d seen earlier had regrouped.  One of them was obviously hurt from the blast.
Examining the ground more carefully he noticed some shuffle marks further out leading toward the jet.  Sitting back he studied the aircraft and surrounding area with great interest.
Suddenly he heard a sound and concealed himself, watching.  One lone gunman was carefully making his way through the trees with his gun drawn.  He was methodically examining the ground and surrounding vegetation.
Hamilton waited patiently, recognizing the man as Bull, from the Palm Springs compound.  Bull moved deeper into the forest carefully picking his way along and keeping his gun leveled.  Hamilton decided to follow but kept a discreet distance hoping to avoid any surprises.
A faint bird call signaled one of his companions either needed assistance or had discovered something.  Keeping an eye on Bull, Hamilton eased out of his hiding place and stealthily moved in the direction of the bird call.  Moments later he heard it again.
Looking around, he’d lost sight of Bull and crouched down.  Again, the bird call came, but this time it was different, one that meant danger.  Not sure if he should hold his position and wait or continue, he first scanned the forest.  At the same time, he heard a rustling nearby but couldn’t see anything.  More rustling then movement ahead of him.  Easing further into the underbrush, he continued to wait and watch with his gun drawn and ready.
Suddenly, he could see the shape of a man but whoever it was moved behind a large tree.  Fully expecting it to be Bull, he took aim and waited with his finger on the trigger.  One flinch and the gun would go off.
The figure finally emerged from behind the tree and continued to move in his direction, gun in hand, pushing past low tree boughs before coming into view.  Hamilton relaxed and lowered his gun but continued to watch as Hunter headed his way looking around nervously as if expecting someone to jump out at him at any minute.
Hoping not to startle his brother too much, Hamilton moved out of his hiding place sufficiently so Hunter could see him and prayed he wouldn’t say anything or shoot.  Hunter took another step forward while looking back over his shoulder.  As he turned around, he stopped with a start and immediately aimed his gun.  At the same moment, Hamilton held up both hands and shook his head quickly followed by a sign to remain quiet and get down.
Obviously relieved, Hunter did as his brother indicated, lowering his gun as he quickly approached.  Hamilton pulled him down and looked around for several seconds before speaking in a whisper.  “Stay still,” he said.  “Someone’s out here looking for us.”
Hunter nodded.  “I know,” he whispered back.  “I just saw him but I ducked down before he saw me.”
Hamilton looked around again before asking, “Where’s everyone else?”
“Captured.”
“I was afraid of that.  Why not you?”
Hunter looked almost embarrassed.  “I was first out and with all the excitement I had to take a leak and...”
Hamilton nodded.  “Okay.
“Yeah, and what was that explosion?” Hunter asked.
“Just a diversion.”
“A diversion.”
“I blew up the cabin.  No big deal.”
“You what?”
“Never mind.  I can use your help.”
“Where’s John and Hector?” Hunter whispered.
“Nearby... but I’m worried.  Something isn’t right.”
“Like what?” Hunter asked.  “You think John and Hector...”
“They’re either watching and waiting, or they may have been captured, although as good as they are at what they do, I don’t think that’s the case.”
Suddenly some birds scattered overhead.  Hamilton indicated they should be quiet again as he watched the forest.  Gently touching Hunter on the arm, he pointed into some trees not too far away.
Hunter nodded and soon saw a man creeping along with a gun drawn.
They continued to watch.  Hamilton signaled for Hunter to stay put then he crept away, disappearing behind a large tree.  Hunter waited anxiously but maintained a visual on their assailant fully aware the man was headed his way.  His nerves now on edge, he stayed perfectly still in hopes the man would either pass by or change his direction.  What he didn’t expect was to see his brother quietly come up from behind.  A moment later, the man was on the ground.  Hamilton removed the gun from Bulls lifeless hand and crept back to Hunter.
“Let’s go,” he said.
Hunter stood up but stared at the fallen man.
“Now!” Hamilton whispered tersely.
Without a word, Hunter fell in behind his brother and followed as they moved deeper into the forest.  Five minutes later, Hamilton heard another bird chirping.  He waited and listened.  He heard it again then saw John and Hector coming their way.
“We saw that guy you took down but we haven’t seen anyone else,” John reported.  “Nice job, by the way.  “Hector and I joined up a few yards from here. Where did you go?”
“In spite of your concerns, I went back to the hatch, just in case there was something we missed.  That guy showed up and I followed him, met up with my brother, and took care of things.”
“So where’s everyone else?” Hector asked looking at Hunter.”
Hamilton quickly explained.  “Hunter got separated from the others long enough to avoid getting caught.  He said everyone was taken.  Best guess is they are on that jet and possibly under guard or maybe restrained and gagged.”
“We need a plan,” Hector said.  “And fast.”
Hamilton agreed.  “Yeah.  Plan C.”
“Any ideas?” John asked.
“Hamilton stared back in the direction of the cabin.  “Yeah,” he said.
 “What?” Hunter asked.
“Something completely unexpected,” he said.  “I think we should surrender.”
“What!” all three whispered simultaneously.
Hamilton held up his hand and indicated they needed to crouch down and stay quiet.  “We are of no good to anyone if we’re going to just keep sneaking around out here in the forest,” he said.  “Plus, we need to find out if our friends are onboard that plane and if not, what happened to them.  Any better suggestions?”
Hector and John looked at each other then shook their heads.
“Wait a minute!” Hunter said in a terse whisper.  “There’s got to be a better way.”
“Like what?” his brother said calmly.  “But whatever it is, make it fast.  The lives of your friends are depending on the four of us.  By surrendering we’ll be in close proximity to them and our chances of getting everyone out of this mess will be much better.”
Hunter stared at his brother and let out a heavy sigh.  “Unexpected.  Change the recipe,” he mumbled.
“What?”
“Just something Jim said, that’s all.”  Hunter sighed.  “I guess you’re right.  So how do you want to do this?  We all give up together, or what?”
“Why not?” Hamilton grinned.  “Besides, once they have me, it might be easier for the rest of you to get away.  Just trust Hector and John.  They have great instincts.”  He smiled at his three companions.  “So...do we do this?”
All three nodded soberly.
“Then let’s go.”
“So... we’re just gonna walk down there and turn ourselves in.” Hunter said.  “What if they just shoot us?”
Hector patted Hunter’s arm.  “It’s a chance we’ll have to take,” he said.  “I’ll lead.  If they’re going to shoot they’ll take me out first.  I say we walk in with our hands raised.”
Hector stood up and started back toward the clearing.  He was followed by Hunter and John.  Hamilton brought up the rear.
Once at the clearing, Hector paused long enough to determine where their soon-to-be captors were then pointed.  “There’s the other helicopter,” he said.  “But it wasn’t parked there earlier.”
“Must have been doing some aerial recon before coming back,” John said, “and while we were down in the tunnel.”
Hector took a deep breath.  “Okay.  Let’s do this.” He led his small group toward their captors.  The minute they were spotted, each put their hands up.
“Don’t shoot!” Hector called out.
A lively commotion followed as three of Daniel's men rushed to take command.
“Keep your hands where we can see them!” one man shouted.
“Dirk,” John mumbled shoving his hands higher.
“Toss your weapons to the ground then get on your knees!” he ordered.
“He’s so stupid,” John said under his breath.  “We drop our weapons then he has us kneel down right next to them.  Such an idiot.”
“Stop talking!” Dirk ordered as the other two men gathered the guns and searched their captives for any additional weapons.  Once satisfied they were all disarmed, Dirk ordered them to stand up.  With a smug grin he laughed.  “What’s the matter fellas?  Lose your nerve?  We knew we could flush you out.”
“Flush, hell,” Hector said.  “We chose to give up.  No one flushed us.”
Dirk laughed again.  “We sent Bull in there after you.  Obviously he was successful.”
“Bull?  Bull who?” John asked.  “I don’t know anyone name Bull.  Didn’t see anyone named Bull.  How about you, Garcia?”
“Nope,” Hector replied.  “No Bull.”
Dirk stormed up to John.  “I never thought I’d see you two again,” he said glancing between him and Hector.  “And this must be the almighty Hunter Blake.” He gloated, obviously enjoying himself.  “What’s the matter with you?  Huh?  Forget your lines?”  He laughed louder.
Hunter simply glared.
Dirk walked around them once then stopped.  “So where’s the mastermind?  Where’s Hamilton?  He bug out on you?”
All three men looked around.  Hamilton was nowhere to be seen.
“Hamilton?” Hector asked then chuckled.  “Why would he be here?  Somos los tres caballeros,” he said in Spanish.
Dirk took a swing connecting with Hector’s jaw.  Hector had to take a step back as a result, wiping a trickle of blood from his lip.  “That was an intelligent move,” he said.
“You want more?” Dirk bellowed, taking a step closer. “I don’t need any of your smart remarks!”
“Enough!” another voice called out.
Everyone turned to look.
“So, is this everyone?” the man asked, as he sauntered up to the group of men.  “Where’s Hamilton?”
“We don’t know at the moment,” Dirk said.
“Bull’s in pursuit, I take it?”
Dirk nodded.
“Well good.  He usually gets his man.”  He grinned at Hunter.
Hunter stood staring in disbelief.  “Daniel,” he said. “What are you doing here?”
Daniel chuckled.  “Hunter, Hunter.  So sorry about the circumstances.  If only your brother had been more cooperative some time back, you would have never been drug into all of this.  Now look at what’s happened.”  He shook his head feigned sorrow.  “You.  Your friends.  All of you right here with me and my merry men.”
Hunter glowered at him.  “What are you talking about?  What’s going on?  You’re involved in all of this?”
“Involved?” Daniel momentarily showed a puzzled look then a grin crossed his face.  “Yes... I suppose you could say I’m involved.”
“But why?  Why all of this?”
“Two reason,” he said.  “Power.  I enjoy having power.  And money, of course.”  He smiled.  “I like having lots of power and money.  You can have anything you want in the world with enough money and power.”
Hunter frowned.  “You have power.  You’re a powerful producer and make all kinds of money.”
Daniel burst out laughing.  “You amuse me, Hunter,” he said.  “You call that power?  Being a producer?  The movie industry is small potatoes compared to the empire I’ve built.  And as for the money, you cannot even begin to comprehend the kind of money I’m making.”  He laughed again.  “If it weren’t for your misplaced values, you could have been part of this too.  But, alas, you don’t quite fit the profile of the kind of people I want to work with, at least not in the world of real money and power.”
“You won’t get away with any of this!” Hunter said.
“Seriously Hunter?  Get away with what?  And besides, whatever it is you think I’m doing... who’s going to stop me?  You?”
“I just might!”
“Well that’s going to be a little difficult now, isn’t it?  Besides, even if you managed to escape no one’s going to believe you.”
“Why not?  I haven’t done anything wrong.  I’ve been a victim in all of this.  Everyone knows that!”
“Victim.  Haven’t you been watching the news recently?  Didn’t you know?  All of you are under suspicion for murder, corruption, drugs, money laundering... you name it.  And as we speak, a reward has been posted for any information as to the whereabouts of each one of you.”
“You’re full of...” Hunter didn’t finish his thought.  “We have been watching the news.  No one here is in any kind of trouble.”
Daniel grinned.  “That all depends on how you look at things, Hunter.  You see, the authorities have only recently discovered a great deal of evidence implicating all of you one way or another... in the last forty-eight hours, to be exact.  “Isn’t that right, fellas?” he asked his henchmen.  “And by tomorrow evening, the news will be alive with reports about all of you and how deeply involved you’ve each been in a massive international drug smuggling, human trafficking, and money laundering operation.  
Daniel strolled to one side.  “Of course, after the untimely demise of our dear friend Gerry and his insufferable and greedy wife...”
“You had him killed!” Hunter interrupted. “Didn’t you!  Both of them!”
“They had become useless to me.  Carolyn in particular.  Gerry was simply collateral damage, I’m afraid.  Couldn’t be helped,” he glared at Hunter.  “But back to the topic at hand, I ordered my attorneys to do some... mmm, let’s say, investigating.  They have discovered, and will be providing to the authorities, ample and compelling evidence of your guilt in particular, Hunter, plus it all ties in with Gerry.  All those trips you took with him and his wife to Mexico, the photos we have of you mingling with drug lords down there.”
“I didn’t mingle with anyone like that!  I just...”
“What?  You just what?  Schmoozed with the ladies?  Everyone at that estate was part of the operation, even those lovely ladies posing as housekeepers and laundry maids.”
Hunter could only stare in disbelief.
Daniel continued.  “The purpose of having you accompany the Allensbys on those trips was two-fold.  It provided legitimacy for the trips and...” he stopped to chuckle, “for insurance purposes.  Someone was always taking photos of you and your delightful and lovely companions... everywhere… doing everything.  And then there are the photos of you taking part in that handoff in Arizona.  Very compelling evidence.  He laughed again.
“Obviously I have the resources to pay for information.  And as a result of the recent news stories and the manhunt for you and your friends, well-intention citizens are coming forward with all kinds of information and sightings of your whereabouts whether here in the good old U.S.A, or elsewhere... like Canada.”  He laughed again.  “And here we are.”
He strolled back in front of the three men.  “We could take you all in and have you arrested.  Your names and photos could be broadcast from every news station in the world.  It would be pure media frenzy.  All that attention.  Hunter, it could be your most notable shining moment to date, wouldn’t you agree?  Unfortunately... no statuette, though.”
“You’re out of your mind.” Hunter said.
“We’ll see,” Daniel responded in kind.  “We’ll see.”  He looked at Dirk.  “Escort these three to the plane to wait with the others.  Dusty!  Go help Bull find Hamilton!”
Dirk shoved Hector toward the plane.  “Let’s go!” he ordered.  John and Hunter followed with one other gunman bringing up the rear.  “Open the door,” Dirk ordered.  Hector did so and set the stairs.
“Get inside!”
All three climbed onboard joining their frightened companions who were sitting quietly in the spacious private jet.  Hector, John and Hunter remained standing as Dirk and his henchman closed the cabin door and locked it, but before anyone had a chance to speak, they heard the sound of another incoming aircraft.
John and Hector exchanged glances.
“Another helicopter,” John said, looking out a window.  “And it’s armed as well,” he said.  “These guys sure take their work seriously.”
Everyone crowded around the small windows of the jet to watch as the chopper came in slow and landed.  They could see Dirk and Daniel waiting.
“Interesting,” Hector said quietly.
“Yeah?  In what way?”  Hunter asked.
“Three choppers all identical, including the one Hamilton borrowed.  Like part of a fleet.  And then there’s this plane.  Why three helicopters in addition to this plane?”
“You tell us,” Hunter said.
“I don’t know yet,” Hector replied.
“So now what?”
“We wait.”

  
Chapter Twenty-six
 Everyone continued to crowd around the small cabin windows of the plane.
“Who do you think is in that helicopter?” Betty asked.
“Don’t know yet,” Hector said.
“I wish I knew where Drew was,” Hunter said.
Everyone pulled away from the windows and stared at Hunter.
“What?” he asked.
“Now who the heck is Drew?”
“Ahh… well, never mind.  Just... never mind,” Hunter said awkwardly, realizing his faux pas.
Jim looked him sternly.  “Okay.  I think I’ve had just about enough!  I want some answers,” he demanded.  “We crawled out of that tunnel straight into the hands of those guys who locked us up in here.  Now the three of you are here as well and you’re keeping secrets!  Where is Brad and who the hell is Drew!”
“Jim!” Diane responded in shock at his expletive.
“I’m sorry, honey.  But enough is enough!
Hunter stared at Jim.  “I don’t think I’ve ever heard you cuss before either.”
“Air Force,” was all he said.
“Where is Brad?” Samantha asked.  “And Janet?  Are they with them?” she pointed outside.  
“No,” Hector said.  “We’re not all that sure about Janet, but... Brad’s out there, just not with those guys.  He’s... doing what he does.  It was his idea we surrender.”
“Surrender!”  Jim clenched his fists.  “You three surrendered and Brad, or whoever he is, is out there doing what he does?  What’s that supposed to mean?”
Hector looked out a window.  “We told you already.  It’s how all of us work.  We just go with the moment.  Improvise.”  He looked at everyone.  “It’s just better that way.  Unpredictable.  Keeps the bad guys off balance.  And sometimes the less we know what he has planned the better, whether you like it or not.”  Hector glanced out a window again.  “I should have known he had something else up his sleeve.”
“Wait!  I’m confused.”  Diane said.  “Hunter.  You meant Brad when you said Drew, didn’t you?  Why would you call him Drew?  You know him, don’t you?  How do you know him?”
Hector was getting frustrated.  “Look!  The less everyone knows the better right now,” he said.
“You keep saying that and it’s getting damned old.”  Jim was exasperated and sat down, his fists still clenched.
John looked at him.  “What more can we say?  It’s just the way he operates!  It’s the way our whole team operates.”  John looked at Jim.  “Can I ask you a question?”
Jim said nothing.
John asked anyway.  “When you said Air Force, did you fly?  Are you a pilot?”
“I’m not in the mood for idle chit-chat,” Jim replied.
“This isn’t idle chit-chat.  I really need to know.  Do you fly?”
“Years ago and I don’t want to talk about it.”
Hunter was surprised.  “You never told me you could fly.”
Jim remained silent.
Diane tried to explain. “He flew during Vietnam.  After we got married he bought a small single engine plane and we’d fly to all sorts of places, but several years ago...” she looked at her husband tenderly, “he decided it was time to stop.”  
Jim had a painful look on his face.
“Stop,” Hunter said.  “How could you just stop?  I mean... flying is...”
“Look!”  Jim snapped at Hunter.  “I had a near miss about ten years ago, okay?  After that I...” his voice cracked. “After that... I realized I had no business sitting in the captain’s chair any longer.  Happy now?”
“Well no,” Hunter said.  “I didn’t mean to upset you but... you should have gotten back in the saddle, Jim.  You know, it’s just like riding a bike.  You get back on and keep riding.”
Jim couldn’t look at him.  “Sometimes it’s not that easy.”
Hunter wouldn’t let it go.  “Well, I’ve had three scary near misses myself,” he said.  “Each one rattled me for days.  I almost gave it up too, but decided to give it another shot each time.  It was hard and scary and I worried that I would screw up again, but I didn’t.  Since then... everything’s been great.”
“Well, that’s good for you, Hunter,” Jim replied, “but I just wasn’t interested anymore.”
Hector sat listening then dared to ask, “What size aircraft did you fly in the service, if you don’t mind me asking.”
“I do mind!” Jim replied still keyed up, then replied anyway. “If an answer will put an end to this conversation, I flew B-52’s,” he said.  “I flew B-52’s and far too many sorties over North Vietnam.  It was all part of Operation Linebacker II.  For more than twelve days, forty-two or more of those planes flew in over seven hundred raids and dropped over fifteen thousand tons of bombs on Hanoi and Haiphong.”  He looked at Hector.  “Do you have any idea how much damage was done? How many lives were destroyed by fifteen thousand tons of bombs?”
Hector nodded.  “I do understand a little.  I served during the Gulf War in 1990 and 1991, but on the ground.  We had to be on the watch for I.E.D’s, which is nearly impossible... homemade explosives and snipers, you name it.  Caught a little shrapnel in the process.”
“A little shrapnel!” John spoke up.  “You were sidelined for over six months after your Humvee was hit!”
“Yeah, well they kicked me loose, so I had to find other work and here we are.”  He gazed around at everyone.  “Look... this is no picnic and we all know it.  We also know you’re all scared.  I’m not going to lie and say I’m not a little scared too, but John and I will do everything we can to protect you and get you all out of here safely.  But to do that we all need to cooperate and you have to trust us.  It’s that simple.”
“Trust works both ways,” Samantha said.
“You’re right... so... John and I will tell you as much as we can, but understand we’re still trying to figure out some things and so is Ham.  At least now we have a much better idea who’s running things, on this side of the border... and that’s more than we had two weeks ago.”
“Ham.  Brad.  Drew.”  Jim looked at him.  “He’s the same person.”
“Yes.”
Hunter was watching what was going on outside.  “You think Daniel’s behind all this, don’t you?” he said.
“Looks that way.”
“And H-Ham?  He is planning to stick around and help us, right?”
“Yes, he’s still around and we’re not sure exactly what he’s up to, but I do know this, he’s has gotten himself in and out of more intense and scary situations than you can imagine.  He has incredible skills and instincts and as soon as he makes a move, we have to be ready.  John and I know him well enough to respond to whatever he decides to do.”  Hector paused.  “So... just do what we say... when we say it.  Any more questions? Because now’s the time.”
No one spoke up.
Hector began to provide his co-captives with as much information as he could.  John, in the meantime, kept watch and attempted to get a better head count of their captors.  He finally asked, “How did they capture you all so quickly?”
Jim shook his head.  “I don’t know.  One by one, we each climbed out through the hatch and the plan was to head into the forest, right?”
“Yeah,” Hunter agreed, “but I’m the only one that made it out before those other guys showed up.
Betty raised her hand.  “Excuse me.  But I do have a question, actually.”
“Okay,” Hector said.
“So... the guy we’ve been calling Brad... that you just admitted is Drew and Ham, although I can’t figure out why someone would want to be referred to as a piece of meat...”
Hector nodded.  “Well, I did explain that, but yes, all the same guy, just like we said.”
“Okay... but why did Hunter call him Drew, more than once, by the way?”  She looked at Hunter.  “I’m with Diane.  You know him?  Don’t you?  I mean... we’ve been calling him Brad, but you said Drew, and Hector said Ham.  We get it, that they all know each other with all this secret stuff they do, but what about you?  How do you know him?”
Hunter, John, and Hector exchanged uncomfortable looks.  Finally, Hector attempted to explain.  “Okay.  The guy all of you know as Brad...” he paused and looked at John who shrugged and finally nodded, “Brad is actually Ham, short for Hamilton.  And he was a partner with me a few years ago.”
“Okay,” Betty said.  “Brad is an alias, then, right?  But what about Drew?”
“Yeah.  I guess you could say both names... are aliases.”
“Okay.  But I’m still confused.  Does Hunter know him?  As Drew?  And if so... from where?  Were you guys friends at some point... way back when?” Betty asked again looking at Hunter.  “I mean you must have known each other, because the two of you were talking for quite a while this morning and seemed to be arguing at one point.  Then you both came in all happy and had breakfast together... and you hugged each other.  I saw you hug each other.”
“Well,” Hector started to say something.
“I-I can explain,” Hunter interrupted.  “They... that is John and Hector here, introduced him to me as Drew at first but then explained that the rest of you knew him as Brad so...” he glanced around.  “So to avoid confusion... we, uh... decided it was best to keep calling him Brad.”
Diane looked at him.  “Okay, Hunter, but like Betty’s saying, that still doesn’t explain why you and Drew were arguing... or Brad... or whatever his name is, and then suddenly made up and hugged each other.  I’ve never seen you behave that way with any other guy you’ve known... not even Jim.”
Hunter shot a glance at John and Hector.
A look of exasperation crossed Diane’s face.  “If I didn’t know better, right this minute you all remind me of three little boys who got caught with their hands in the cookie jar.  Guilty as heck.  So what’s really going on?” she asked.   “Hunter, Betty’s right.  Why would you argue with someone if you didn’t know him and then turn around give him a big hug?  And why call him Drew when they told us his name was Brad?” She pointed to Hector and John.
All three men looked at her awkwardly.
She persisted.  “I agree with my husband.  You owe us an explanation!  So start explaining!”
John let out a sigh.  “You’re right and we apologize.”
Betty raised her hand again, wiggling her fingers slightly.  “I have another question.”
John grinned at her almost relieved.  “Ask.”
“Is Hamilton his first name or his last name?”
John’s look of relief disappeared and he turned to Hector and Hunter for help.
“Hamilton,” Hector began.  “Okay. Yes, well... it’s his last name.”
Jim leaned back running his hands through his hair.  “I don’t believe this.  Our lives are at stake and the three of you are playing name games with us!  Tell us who he is!”
Betty’s eyes lit up.  “He’s a spy!  Isn’t he?”
Hector and John stared at her, speechless.
“You’re all spies, aren’t you?”
Hunter started to say something but Jim spoke instead.  “Okay.  So obviously we’re not supposed to know who any of you really are or what you’re all up to, but at this particular moment, I don’t care,” he said.  “Just tell us which name we should use, so the next time, I’ll know which name to call him before I deck him!”
“Hunter?” John deferred to him.
“Why ask me?  He’s your partner in all of this.  Yours and Hector’s.”
Samantha looked at everyone in complete frustration.  “Any more of this and we’re going to end up at each other’s throats!  Or... maybe that’s what this is all about!” she said.  “Are you two working for them!” she gestured to the outside.  “You come in here, get us rattled enough that we turn on each other, is that it?  Are you really trying to help us or are you actually helping them!” 
“No!” John answered immediately.  “We are trying to help!  These goons are for real and will do whatever they want or feel they need to, to accomplish their mission.”
“What mission!  Be honest with us!” she shot back.
Betty jumped in.  “Yes!  Why were Hunter and Brad, or whatever his name is, arguing early this morning!  It looked pretty heated to me.  So you must know each other,” she said directly to Hunter.
Hector and John both look at Hunter and sat down.
“I give up.  It’s your call, man,” Hector said to him.
Hunter stared at everyone.  “I...,” he began then looked helplessly at John and Hector.  “I... promised him...” he nearly whispered to them.
“Promised him what!” Jim demanded, now on his feet again.
“It’s time, Hunter,” Hector urged him.
“Time for what?”  Samantha asked.
Hector gave Hunter a look.  “With everything else going on, they should know what your brother’s been up to,” he said.
A quiet collective gasp and stunned silence followed with all eyes glued on Hunter.
Finally Samantha asked, “Hunter?  He’s... your brother?”
Hunter shot an irritated glance at Hector.
“Did... did I say something?” Hector asked in feigned innocence.
Frustrated, Hunter finally gave in. “I don’t believe this.  Okay.  Yes!  He’s my brother.  But I promised I’d keep it a secret!” He glared at Hector.  “He said he wanted to protect everyone.”
Hector shrugged. “Well now that the cat is out of the bag, that’s why you’ve been targeted.  Besides, Daniel already knew.  Didn’t Ham explain that to you?”
“Your brother,” Jim said.  “I had no idea you had a brother.”
Hunter sat down and nodded.  “Yes.  He’s a half-brother, actually.  Same mom, different dads.  And yes, he did mention that to me,” he said to Hector, still annoyed.
Diane asked, “How long have you known about this, Hunter?  Your brother, that is, and what he apparently does.  Is that why you were both arguing this morning?  About his job?”
Hunter took a moment to compose himself before responding.  “He and I,” he began slowly.  “Let’s just say we’ve not been in touch a lot lately.  I...”
“Obviously with his kind of work, I’m sure staying in touch must be difficult,” Diane said.
Not wanting to discuss the topic further, Hunter merely nodded and leaned back closing his eyes.  
Hector was relieved.  “Okay. I’m glad we finally got that taken care of.  Now, getting back to what I was telling you,” he started to say but was interrupted at the sound of a click and the cabin door opening.
Everyone watched anxiously as Dirk looked in.  “All of you!  On your feet!”
With an obvious measure of distrust, they stood.
“Outside!  Now!”
One by one they climbed out and stood nervously waiting for further instructions.  With automatic weapons drawn, Dirk and one other man motioned for everyone to move toward the remains of the cabin.  Daniel stood waiting for them and finally held up a hand for them to stop.
“I’m so glad you’ve all had a chance to chat and catch up on some details, but we have a little bit of a situation here, I’m afraid.  It appears that your comrade, Hamilton, has abandoned all of you to save himself, in spite of John and Hector’s passionate reassurances.”  He laughed at the looks on their faces.
“Yes, we’ve been listening.  Unfortunately, though, I don’t have the time or patience to sit around here and have a nice little visit.  So here’s what’s going to happen.  As I told each of you earlier, you will still be implicated in some aspect of all this wrong-doing.  Hunter, however, will take the brunt of the charges since he is the one who ordered the deaths of Gerry and Carolyn.”
“I what!”
“As payback for their unwillingness to give you a bigger cut in the operation.  Besides, what difference will it make?” Daniel looked at him with a depraved smile.  “You’re all going to be dead anyway.” He started laughing.  “All dead and out of my way!”
Hunter looked from Daniel to his captive friends.  “What did any of them do!” he demanded.
“They know too much now.  They can identify me.  They are as we say...” he chuckled, “collateral damage.  I love that phrase!  Anyone who gets in my way becomes collateral damage.  It makes cleaning up administrative messes so much easier.”
At once everyone protested and almost as quickly stopped as weapons were immediately cocked.  Diane quietly slipped her hand in Jim’s.  He gave it a gentle squeeze and glanced at her, mouthing the words, ‘I love you.’
John moved closer to Betty, and Karen eased in behind Hunter, resting her head against his back.  Samantha stood alone with an expressionless look on her face while Hector stared directly at Daniel with a piercing gaze.
“Oh, such tender and fierce emotions,” Daniel said then laughed again.  “This is too delightful... and what a wonderful scene for a movie... if only that’s all this was.”
“What about Janet?” Betty whispered to John.
“Shh,” he said.
“What!” Daniel demanded looking at Betty.  “Come here.”
“I-I...”
“Now!”
Betty stepped away from the group and approached him.
“What did you say?”
“I-I only wondered... what happened to Janet.”
Daniel laughed.  “She’s dead.  Bull shot her.  She over there somewhere.”  He gestured toward the back of the cabin’s remains.  “Get back there!”  He pointed then glared at John.  “Keep your woman quiet!”
Betty quickly returned to John’s side and took his hand.  A breeze picked up rustling the topmost branches of the trees surrounding their location.  Daniel looked up at the sky then back at Dirk.
“Put them back in the plane.  You know what to do, then meet us at the rendezvous point later.  “Don’t take too long though,” he said over his shoulder as he walked toward one of the helicopters.  “Another storm is coming in.”
Dirk and his partner motioned for everyone to get moving.  Without a word they complied.  John still held Betty’s hand and she let him.  Hunter hung back for a moment watching Daniel approach one of the black helicopters whose engine was warming up.  He could see the pilot and what appeared to be one other person sitting in the passenger cabin.  Dirk’s partner shoved him to start moving.  Hunter shot the man an angry glance then took Karen by the hand.  She sobbed quietly as they lined up behind the others.
Daniel was ready to climb into the helicopter when it appeared the passenger onboard became agitated.  Hunter turned to watch with great interest.
Daniel spun around and shouted.  “Hold on!”
Dirk looked back.  “What!”
Daniel quickly strode back to the plane.  “I’ll take Karen with me,” he said.  Grabbing her by the arm, he wrenched her from Hunter.  “The rest of you get on the plane!”
“No!” Karen screamed trying to pull away.  “I won’t go with you!” She struck out at him.  “Leave me alone!  Leave me alone!” she shrieked.  “Hunter!”
Daniel tightened his grip.
Hunter made a move toward her but stopped when Dirk put a gun to his head.  He put up his hands instead.  “Take me,” he said to Daniel.  “Leave her here.”
“She’s insurance,” Daniel replied.  “And you, I’m afraid... are a liability.”
“Insurance!”
“Get moving! Or I’ll shoot you myself right here in front of your friends!  And maybe Karen too just for the hell of it!”
Daniel jerked Karen away and headed for the waiting helicopter, its blades fully engaged.  Hunter climbed inside the jet then sat in a seat to watch as Daniel shoved Karen onboard the waiting aircraft.  Within moments the pilot lifted off and headed south.
Dirk stepped inside and gloated.  “It’s been a pleasure, everyone,” he said.  “Enjoy your last flight.”
Samantha suddenly stood up and feigned being sick.  “I think...” she grabbed her stomach then put a hand over her mouth.”
Dirk stared at her.
She lurched forward as he attempted to hold her off.  “Get back in your seat!”
“I... I... oh no...” she lurched again and grabbed Dirk’s arms with both her hands then immediately shoved her knee into his groin.  He instantly recoiled and Hector was on him just as fast, disarming him with an uppercut to the jaw, knocking him out.
Betty quickly turned to watch out her window then asked John, “What are they doing?”
He looked.  “They’re dousing the airstrip all around the plane,” he said.
Hector looked as well.  “Yeah, well I don’t think they’re planning on roasting marshmallows.”
A gunman called out to Dirk.  “Get out of there so we can get this over with and get the hell out of here!  We don’t have all day!”  Betty continued to watch as the other men hurried to the other helicopter, fired up and ready to go.
“I think they’re leaving,” she said.
No one spoke while Hector stood quietly with Dirk’s handgun concealed at his side.
“Hey!  What the hell’s going on?” the man said stepping up into the plane.  He immediately saw Dirk’s prone body. “What happened?  What’s going on?” he said and started to draw his gun.
Hector shrugged.  “I guess he passed out,” he said then pointed his gun.  “Maybe you’d like to hand over that gun and take a seat.”
Instead, the gunman lunged but Hector quickly rendered him unconscious with the butt of the gun.  “Everyone!  Off the plane!”  Hector then retrieved the firearm from the second gunman and jumped out.
 “To the trees!  Hurry!  I’ll cover you!”
He began firing shots at the waiting helicopter while John quickly led their group to the safety of the trees.
Hector stayed low and continued to fire shots, drawing the attention of the pilot who fired back while his comrades jumped out to pursue their former captives.
Hector continued his attempt to slow them down finally emptying his clip.  With the other gun in hand, he stayed down and didn’t move.  The pilot climbed out of the helicopter and cautiously approached, his gun drawn.  Hector waited patiently until the pilot was within fifty feet then raised up enough to take his shot.
Caught by surprise, the pilot collapsed to the ground.  Hector waited. The man didn’t move.  Getting up slowly, he kept his gun leveled, ready to deliver another shot.  He confirmed the kill then ran for the woods hoping to find the others.  Reaching the trees, all was quiet.  No shouting.  No shooting.  No birds chattering.
He stealthily made his way along, stopping and listening every so often then thought he heard a faint bird call and waited.
Moments later he heard it again but closer. Straining to listen, he returned the call by letting out a short whistle.  He waited.  A soft rustling nearby either meant an animal or another human being.
One more whistle.  It was only feet away.  Still waiting, he watched a figure come into view.  Hector smiled.  It was John.  He stood up slowly where John could see him.  With great relief, the two men greeted each other.
“Everyone from that chopper is out here looking for you.” Hector said quietly.
“I know.  I saw most of them.  I think there’s seven altogether.  At least that’s what I counted earlier.”
“Yeah, but Dirk and his friend are out of commission.” Hector said.  “And I took care of the pilot just now, so that leaves four.”  He looked around nervously.  “Where are our people?”
“Hunkered down and waiting for me to come back... hopefully with you, if I could find you.” John said.
“Let’s go.”
John took the lead and retraced his steps toward their waiting companions.  Suddenly, they could hear shouting and immediately crouched down.  A gunshot rang out and all became silent again.  Hector and John remained concealed and watched.
“This way,” John whispered.  He headed in a different direction hoping to circle around and get a better vantage point.  Their progress was slow but necessary to avoid detection.
Hector nudged John and pointed.  Through the trees they could see people and soon realized it was Jim with his wife, then Betty, Samantha, and Hunter following.  Behind Hunter was one of the gunmen.
“Take them back to the plane,” they heard one of them say.
Hector looked around.  “I wonder where those other two guys went?” he whispered.  “You’d think they would have hurried to join their pals at the sound of the gunshot.”
“Yeah.  You’d think so.  They must be close by.” 
“How about right behind you,” a voice said.
Hector and John froze and slowly raised their hands.
“Well, boys,” one gunman said, “looks like your careers have just come to an end.  Get up there and join your friends.”  Both men gave Hector and John a push.
Silently berating themselves, they fell into step and soon caught up to the others.  
“Looky what we found!” one gunman called out to his comrades.  The expressions on the faces of John and Hector’s beleaguered companions were a mix of both disappointment and relief.
“Good!  Let’s get them all back on that plane and finish this job.”
Hector eased his way up closer to the front of the line near Jim and Diane, while John stepped in behind Betty.  She smiled weakly and he gave her a wink with a slight nod.
 “Keep moving!” the man at the rear of the line ordered.
Another bird call, followed by a noise close by, brought the group to a halt.  With weapons raised, the gunmen scanned the area then heard a squirrel’s chatter from a nearby tree.  Relaxing, they prodded their captives on.
Hunter was at the rear of the line just behind Samantha when he heard a muffled noise from behind and turned to look.  With surprise, he noticed the gunman had disappeared.  Looking around nervously, he heard another bird call.  Leaning forward, he whispered to Samantha, “Stay with me and do what I tell you.”
Samantha did not turn around but gave a slight nod, nervously watching ahead as the group kept up a steady pace back toward the airstrip and the jet.  A moment later, there was another birdcall.  Hunter gently slid his arm around Samantha’s waist.
“On three,” he whispered, “squat down as quietly as you can and stay down.”
Again, she nodded.  Three seconds later, she was on the ground.
“Stay put,” he said.  “I’m going to move ahead with the others.”
Terrified, Samantha tried to say something, but he covered her mouth and shook his head.  She stayed down and scooted behind a large tree doing her best to keep her breathing under control as Hunter quickly moved away.
Leaning against the tree, she closed her eyes and began to pray fervently.  Finally opening her eyes, she found herself staring into the face of another man and flinched.  He instantly put his hand over her mouth to stifle her scream.
Shaking his head, he whispered, “I’m here to help you.  My name’s Charlie.  I’m with Hamilton.
Samantha frowned.
“Or whatever the hell he told you his name was.  He’s the one who rescued you from the clinic.  We work together.”  He watched her face and she gave a slight nod.  “Promise you won’t scream?  I need you to promise.”
She nodded again and he gently released her.  “You know Brad?” she said then corrected herself.  I mean Ham or... Drew?”
Charlie smiled.  “Drew.  Short for Andrew.”
“But...”
“You know how to shoot a gun?”
“Y-Yes, but...”
“Here.  Use it if you have to.  I need to catch up to the others, but stay right here.”  He gave her a stern look.  “Stay here,” he repeated.  “We’ll come back for you.”
“O-Okay, but I’m scared.”
“I know, but if you stay right here you should be safe.  You have to trust me.”  He looked around.  “I have to go.”
She nodded watching Charlie move away and disappear among the trees.
Minutes passed.  Samantha waited and listened.  Suddenly she heard a faint commotion deeper in the forest.  Tensing up, she fumbled with the gun and closed her eyes again for a split second before taking a deep breath.  Trembling in fear, she waited and listened then stiffened at the sound of gunfire.  Multiple shots.
“Oh, God, no!” she whispered to herself in a panic wanting to stand but remained frozen to the ground.  Suddenly rustling and snapping sounds indicated someone was heading in her direction, and quickly.  
Trying to get into a better position, she kept listening then nervously took aim.  Her hands shook as she held the pistol, ready to shoot.
The sound grew louder.  Waiting, she watched intently, her heart racing and her breathing more rapid.  Just at the point when she was ready to squeeze the trigger, a figure burst into view.  She quickly lowered the gun in great relief at the sight of Betty coming toward her.
Managing to get to her feet Samantha quietly called to her best friend in a loud whisper.  “Betty!  Here.  Come here!”  Seconds later they embraced tightly then Samantha pulled her to the ground.  “We have to stay quiet.”
“I know,” Betty said in tears.  “John made me sit down suddenly then this other man came, and... I’m so scared, Sam.”
“Was it Charlie?”
“Yes!” Betty said quietly.  “He helped you too?”
Samantha nodded.  “What about the others?” she asked.
“I don’t know.  I waited until everyone else was out of sight then I hurried back this way looking for you like he told me to do, but I’m scared.  I heard shooting.”
“I know.  Me too.”
“What if everyone else is dead?  What’s going to happen to us?”
“I don’t know.  We just have to wait, and hope, and pray.”
They sat close together, arms linked then Samantha stiffened.  “Do you hear that?”  Both women looked up through the trees which were now whipping around more with the wind picking up.  They could also catch a glimpse of some clouds moving in.
“Another one of the helicopters,” Betty said.  “It’s taking off.”  She looked at Samantha in fear, “You don’t think they’re going to shoot at us from the air, do you?”
Samantha waited and listened then shook her head.  “No.  It sounds like it’s leaving.”  That man...  Daniel, said another storm was coming in, remember?  So I guess the other gunmen are leaving too.”
“Are we alone Sam?  I mean...”
“I don’t know.”
Betty tried to steady her breathing.  “I wonder why that man took Karen?  I’m afraid for her.”
“Me too and I wonder what he meant by her being some kind of insurance?”
“I don’t know,” Betty said, “but he looked fierce and mean when he said it.”
Their conversation was cut short at the sound of more rustling indicating someone else was coming.  
Samantha pushed Betty.  “Get behind me.”
Betty did so and waited as Samantha, once again, took aim.  “I just hope it’s somebody we like.”
“Sam?” a voice called out.  “Betty!”
Both women waited before answering then exhaled with relief at the sight of Hector, followed by the others, including Charlie.
“Oh, my gosh!” Samantha said getting up.  “We thought you had all been shot!”  Her relief was evident.  “You’re all okay!”  
Hunter hurried to her and wrapped his arms around her.  “You are a very brave woman,” he said and looked at Betty.  “You both are.”  He gave Betty a hug as well.
“I’ll take that gun,” Charlie said with a smile.
Samantha handed it to him.  “So who are you?”
“He works with us,” Hector said.
“Yeah.  And he works for me too.”  Hunter grinned at his chauffeur. 
“Where are all the bad guys?” Betty asked.
“Most are out of commission,” John said.  
“Out of commission?”
“Hey, honey.  It was either them or us.  I voted for us.”
Betty managed a smile.  “Thank you.”
“Anytime.”
“One got away, though,” Hector said. “And it sounded like he made it to one of the choppers and took off.”
Jim was holding on to Diane but asked, “So now what?”
“We need to get out of here,” John said.
“But how?” Diane asked.
“Good question.  We’re down to one helicopter and the van.” John said.
“But what about the plane?” Samantha asked.  “Why can’t we use that?”
No one replied as they approached the tree line.  Now the third helicopter was warming up.  Hector signaled everyone to stop and get down.  “Stay in the trees,” he said then motioned for John to join him.
“I’ll stay here,” Charlie said.
Together John and Hector set out to reconnoiter the area just as everyone heard the third helicopter take off.  Ten minutes later, they were back.
“So what’s the situation?” Charlie asked.
“No helicopters,” John said. “Looks like Ham just took off.”
“Yeah,” Hector said, “and Dirk and his pal aren’t in the plane.  They must have flown off, with the other guy who got away, in the second helicopter.”
The wind continued to pick up as the temperature dropped signaling the arriving storm.  Charlie looked at the jet.  “We either hike to the van or figure out how to fly that thing out of here.”
Hunter stood staring at the jet.  “Well, I can think of two problems if we want to fly out.  The length of the runway and its condition.  That was a pretty intense storm and it dropped a lot of water.  Although when I was out walking with Karen I didn’t see much damage.  It still looked pretty good.”
Jim stood quietly thinking.  “That plane seemed to land with little problem this morning, although they would have had to brake pretty hard to keep it from ending up in the trees.”  He looked toward the opposite end of the strip.  “If the runway was constructed correctly, it should have drained well.”
“Then let’s check it out,” Hunter said.  All five men headed in that direction while the women wandered out further to watch.
Diane glanced over at the remains of the cabin.  “I wonder if there’s anything left in that mess worth collecting.”
“Let’s check it out while the men do their thing,” Samantha said.
They walked along looking at bits and pieces of things strewn here and there.  Reaching the remains of the cabin they began to poke around.
“Watch where you step,” Diane said.  “Remember the cellar.  We don’t want to fall in.”
For the next twenty minutes, the men walked the runway, squatting down now and then to examine the crown and check the drainage.  They also looked for obvious potholes and tossed large pieces of debris out of the way.
“Looks like your brother took good care of it,” Jim said.  “It has a nice crown and packed gravel surface that appears to drain very well.”
Hunter nodded.
“So what do you think?” John asked.
Hunter looked up and down the runway and stuck his hands on his hips.  “I don’t know.  We’d need to get the plane pushed back as far as possible to give us enough room for takeoff because we’ll need the entire length.”
Hector grabbed a handful of grass and tossed it into the air watching it blow away.  She’s already lined up in the right direction,” he said.
“I know,” Hunter agreed, “but there’s about twenty feet of runway behind it that I’d want to take advantage of.  Every foot will count.”
“Powerback,” Jim said.
Hunter looked at him.  “Yeah.  That is possible.  I’ve never done it though.  It’s usually either restricted or forbidden altogether at most airports.”
“I know,” Jim said, “but I’ve done it and we’re not at an airport.  Besides, it’s similar to thrust reversal used by large aircraft to help with braking when they land.  So, if you need twenty more feet, then let’s give it to you.”

*  *  *

Daniel gloated as he watched Karen stare at her husband.  Finally, she looked away and out a window of the small passenger cabin of the helicopter as it pulsed its way along.
“What’s the matter Karen?” Daniel asked.  “Don’t approve of Frank’s little side business?”
She didn’t respond.
Daniel laughed and looked at Frank with a big grin.  “Your wife has scruples, unlike you.”
 Karen sat in total disbelief realizing her husband was intimately involved with Samantha’s abduction and the conspiracy to capture Hunter.
Frank reached for her.
“Don’t touch me,” she said.  “I don’t understand you and why you would do these evil things.”
“Karen,” he began.  “I can explain.”
Daniel laughed again.  “What are you going to explain, Frank?  That you’ve been working for me for the past few years?  That you’re the one who helped set up some dummy corporations for me so I could... protect my money.”
He turned to Karen.  “In your husband’s defense, he had no idea what he was getting into in the beginning.  He honestly believed he was doing me a favor.  Helping me out.  It wasn’t until months later that he finally realized what was going on.” He grinned at Frank.  “But of course by then, he was in too deep.  He knew too much.  He had no choice but to continue to follow orders.  Either that or destroy his career, go to prison, and lose you in the process.”  Daniel sat back with a satisfied look.  “Frank’s been a busy boy and very useful to us.”
Karen stared at her husband.  “Frank,” she said.
“I’m sorry, Honey,” he replied.  “I never meant to...”
Daniel stiffened.  “Enough!  Stop talking!  I’m tired of listening to everyone’s pitiful whining.  All of you are pitiful people.  I want it quiet so I can think.  I have things to think about.”
Karen looked away and out a window as did Frank.  Minutes ticked by as they all sat quietly until Karen finally broke the silence.  With composure she asked Daniel, “What did you mean I was insurance?”
“I thought I told you to be quiet,” he said.
“I want an answer.  I deserve an answer.”
Daniel looked at her for a long moment.  “Okay.  Here’s your answer.  As long as your husband continues to do what he’s told, you get to live.”
“I see.”  She didn’t flinch.
Daniel snickered.  “You’ve suddenly developed some backbone.”  He looked at Frank.  “There’s more to your wife than I expected.  This might turn out nicely after all.” He gave Karen a wink.
She continued to stare at him.  “Don’t get your hopes up.”
“No?” Daniel leaned forward against his restraint.  “If you’re nice to me, I can be nice to you.  Frank won’t mind, will you Frank?”  Daniel laughed.  “You see, I get what I want.  You think he’s going to go up against me?  He doesn’t dare.  He doesn’t have a backbone.  He’s spineless and weak.”
Karen continued to stare at Daniel.
“Stop looking at me like that,” he said.  “And stop asking questions.”
She grinned.
“Now what?” he asked.
She kept grinning.
“Stop grinning!  Stop talking!  Stop looking at me!” He was belligerent and glowered at her.  “Unless... you want me to toss you out of this helicopter.”
Frank jerked at his remark.
“Oh, ho!  Look who’s suddenly getting a little testy!”  Daniel laughed at Frank.
“So go ahead,” Karen said calmly.
Daniel looked back at her.  “Go ahead?  You mean you want me to throw you out!”  He laughed.  “Are you crazy?  We’re flying at five thousand feet for god’s sake.  You have any idea the little bitty greasy spot you’d make when you slammed into the ground?”  He laughed mockingly.
“I dare you.” she said.
Frank watched his wife with grave concern and shook his head.
“I dare you,” she repeated still staring at Daniel.
“Frank!” he ordered.  “Open the door.  Toss your wife out!”
“No, you stupid spineless ass!” Karen shouted. “You do it!”
Daniel looked at Frank then back at Karen.  “Okay.” he said.  “I will.”  He reached for the door latch but his headset and shoulder restraint caught.  He pulled off the headset and released his restraint to grab it.  Karen quickly glanced at her husband and gave a slight nod.  Frank released his own seat restraint.
Daniel forced the door completely open bringing with it a rush of wind and noise into the cabin.
The pilot yelled back at Daniel.  “What the hell are you doing!  Close that damn door!”
“I have some unfinished business to take care of first!” Daniel yelled back over the roar of the wind and the rotors.  As he reached for Karen’s restraint, Frank attacked him.  In response, Daniel pulled a gun from his shoulder holster, but Frank grabbed his hand and the gun fell to the floor.
Karen knocked it away with her foot then struggled to kick Daniel repeatedly.
“What’s going on back there!” the pilot yelled again. 
Hunched over in the cramped cabin space, Daniel tried to respond but Frank gave him a left jab to the jaw.  Off balance, Daniel stepped backward, banging his head on the transom of the open door, but caught himself in a panic.
“Hey!” the pilot called out again trying to look over his shoulder.
Frank lunged at Daniel but both men collapsed to the floor, with Daniel now on top of Frank, their feet at the door opening.  He reached for Frank’s throat as the wind mixed with driven rain pelted the cabin interior.  Frank maintained his grip on Daniel and delivered another jab.
Karen shrieked as both men inched closer to the open door their feet now hanging out.
With intense anger, Daniel grabbed Frank by his shirt collar with one hand, pounding his face with multiple blows. Frank managed to drive his knee into Daniel’s groin jolting him up.  Terror swept over Daniel’s face as he realized he could easily slip out the rain slick doorway.
In a panic he attempted to strike Frank again.  Both men struggled to their feet fighting ferociously while the pilot fought to maintain control of the aircraft against the drag created by the open cabin door and the increasing wind and rain.
Suddenly, Daniel regained the advantage by dropping down, rolling Frank over the top of him and out the opening.  Karen shrieked in terror as she watched her husband desperately grab for something to hold onto only to slip away.
Daniel rose up, exhausted and breathing heavily as he glared at Karen.  “You’re next,” he managed to say through clenched teeth. 
Karen gave him one last penetrating look as he reached for her belt buckle then kicked him away with every ounce of strength she could muster.  Daniel lost his balance falling against the seat near the open door, momentarily stunned.  
Still out of breath, he glared at her and leaned forward to stand up.  In one last desperate and terrifying effort, Karen delivered a violent and final kick to his gut then watched as Daniel fell backward into the open doorway, frantically clawing at the slippery surface before he disappeared as well.


Chapter Twenty-seven
 Hunter and Jim climbed onboard the jet.  Hector stood a distance from the nose while John and Charlie positioned themselves on either side of the runway at the wingtips.
“You want to do this?” Hunter asked Jim.  “Since you’ve obviously done it before?”
Jim stared at him for a moment and exhaled.
“It’s fine by me,” Hunter said.
Jim finally nodded.  “Okay.  I can do that.”  He sat in the captain’s seat and Hunter slid into the other.
The women stopped their rummaging at the sound of the jet engines firing up and turned to watch.
“What are they doing?” Betty asked.
“I don’t know,” Samantha said.  “I guess they’re checking it out.”
Diane took a few steps forward and looked more closely.  “Jim’s in the pilot seat,” she said.
“He is?” Betty asked.  She and Samantha stood watching as the jet slowly began to move backward.  Hector used hand signals while Charlie and John stood at the wingtips keeping an eye on each engine, while listening and watching for any possible abnormality.
Hector finally crossed his arms over his head.  The plane came to a stop, its rear wheels at the edge of the packed airstrip.  They kept the engines running but chocked the wheels.  Jim and Hunter strolled over to the women, looking hopeful.
“We were wondering what you were doing.” Diane smiled at her husband.  “Nice job, honey.”
He took her hand and gave her a quick kiss.  “Thanks.”
“So now what?” Samantha asked.
“We need more wind,” Hunter said.  “A good stiff headwind.”  He looked at the sky and the clouds moving in.
“If that storm is coming this way, it may give us what we need,” Jim said.  “As long as it’s blowing in the right direction.  We won’t be able to make this work if all we get are crosswinds.”
“Yeah,” Hunter said.  “And as long as it isn’t just bursts of wind.  That could be dangerous.”  He looked at his companions.  “We might as well wait on the plane.  We’ll be more comfortable, warmer, and ready at a moment’s notice.”
Jim looked at his wife.  “So what were you all up to?”
She smiled.  “We were scavenging.  Looking around the debris for anything that we thought might be useful.”
“And?”
“Nothing, really.  The explosion obliterated pretty much everything, other than big stuff.  If there is anything worth retrieving, it’s either all buried under the rubble or shredded.”  She picked up a torn piece of fabric then tossed it down.  “A curtain of some kind, I guess.”
Hand in hand, they wandered toward the jet.  “So honey,” she said.  “How did it feel?”
“How did what feel?”
“You know what I’m talking about.  Being at the controls.”
“It was just a simple powerback, that’s all,” he said then grinned and gave her hand a squeeze.  “It felt good.”

It had been thirty minutes since they performed the powerback.  With the engines still alive, the men went through the preflight inspections of the jet both inside and out.  Charlie removed the wheel chocks and stowed them while Hunter and Jim went through the cockpit checklist a second time making sure they were familiar and comfortable with the sophisticated systems.
The storm was moving in and the wind had picked up considerably buffeting the aircraft.  Betty looked at her best friend seated across from her.  “Sam?  Those other guys were going to blow up the plane, weren’t they?  With us on it.”
Samantha didn’t know how to respond.
“John?” Betty asked, leaning forward and tapping him on the shoulder.  “Weren’t they?”
“Oh, I don’t know, honey” he said.
“But they poured gasoline or something all around it.”
“I wouldn’t worry about that.”
“But can we still catch on fire?”
“No.  We’re fine.  Just relax.  That’s all evaporated by now.”  He half-turned around to look at her.  “You’re in good hands.  You have five skilled pilots onboard.  It’s all going to be fine.”
She nodded and leaned back in her seat staring out the window at the wind-whipped trees.  “It sure is getting windy.”
“That’s good,” John said.  “That’s exactly what we need.  Lots of wind.”  He watched out his window as well.
Hector made his way to the cockpit.  “How much longer do you think?”
“Not sure,” Hunter said.  It’s windy, but gusting.  We need sustainable wind coming right at us to make this work.”
Hector stared out at the runway.  “How about if I go out and check the wind direction?  I’ll give it the grass test.”  He smiled.
“Yeah, I’m surprised there isn’t a wind sock out here somewhere,” Hunter said.
Hector agreed but said, “Ham didn’t want to draw attention to the strip.”
Hunter looked at him and laughed.  “It’s not like it’s a big secret,” he said.  “Airstrips are pretty recognizable from the air.”
“I know, but without the wind sock, and all the trees, he hoped most pilots would pass on by.  Plus it’s pretty obvious that it’s a private airstrip.”  He watched the clouds building and blowing in.  “I’ll be right back,” he said.  He opened the cabin door and set the stairs.
“Where are you going?” John asked.
“Checking the wind direction.”
“You need help?”
“No.  Stay inside.  I won’t be long.”  Hector hurried out and stood in front of the plane for a moment then walked to one edge of the strip and yanked up some grass.  Tossing it up, he watched it blow around and scatter.
He looked toward the cabin remains and scoured the debris, then grabbed a piece of cloth and hurried back.  He tied it to a tree bough and stood back watching.  Moments later ran back to the plane.
“That was clever,” Hunter said once Hector was back onboard.
“Not perfect, because it’s too low, but it’s better than nothing,” he said.
Hunter and Jim watched the cloth intently, waiting for an indication the wind was beginning to blow more steadily.  Finally, they looked at each other and nodded.
“It’s now or never,” Jim said as rain drops began to fall on the windshield.
“Now or never,” Hunter repeated.  He gripped the throttle and stared straight ahead.
 “You ever flown one this size before?” Jim asked.
“Twice,” Hunter said.  “I toyed with the idea of getting one a couple of years ago but decided I like what I have.  She gets me where I need to go.”  He looked at Jim and suddenly asked, “You want the Captain’s chair?”
“No thanks.  Powerbacks are one thing, but it’s been too many years since I’ve sat in that seat.  I’m fine right here.  I trust your skills.”
Jim called back to everyone.  “Belt up!  We’re taking off!
The women sat up straighter and tightened their seatbelts, exchanging nervous glances.  Samantha and Betty reached out for each other and held hands.  Everyone else sat quietly.  
Hunter stared down the airstrip that was now getting damp again from the approaching storm.  “I sure hope we can get her up,” he said, “or this is going to be one short ride.”
“You’ll do fine,” Jim said.  “It’s going to work.”
Hunter took in a deep breath and let it out slowly then he and Jim maintained firm pressure on the toe brakes.  Hunter pushed the throttles forward feeling the harnessed power escalate.  He fixed his gaze on their departure path.  “Ready?” he asked.
“Ready.”
With both engines screaming, he and Jim released the brakes.  Hunter pulled back on the yoke.  The jet jumped into action beginning its race down the airstrip picking up speed as rain pelted the windshield.  He and Jim held their breath as the powerful jet quickly approached the furthest end of the runway and the tree line.
“Come on, baby,” Hunter said pulling back on the yoke even more.  The trees loomed ahead as the nose of the jet rose.  The back wheels were off the ground seconds later.  Jim raised the landing gear immediately to reduce drag as Hunter pushed the jet into a powerful climb, its underbelly barely nicking wind-whipped tree tops in the process.

*  *  *

Karen sat in shock with her head pressed against the back of the seat as her heart pounded from an intense adrenalin rush.  Grabbing her chest she forced herself to take deep breaths and let them out slow.
“What’s going on!” the pilot shouted again.
Karen didn’t respond.  Overcome with the terror she had just witnessed, she could only sit with her eyes closed tightly, trying to force the chilling images from her mind.  She didn’t care what happened next.  Nothing mattered.  Even so, she was struggling to fully grasp what she had just witnessed.  Tears turned to uncontrollable sobbing as the cold wind and rain continued to penetrate the cabin through the open door.
Eyes still closed, she sat gripping her shoulder restraint, unaware of someone struggling to climb back inside. Suddenly a hand grabbed her shoulder.  With a start, she lurched then stared into the soaked and bloodied face of her husband.
Completely exhausted from his ordeal, Frank leaned over to kiss her before managing to close the door.  With sheer joy she clutched his hand tightly as tears flowed.
“Daniel!” the pilot called out.  “Everything okay back there?”
Frank picked up Daniel’s gun from the floor and reached over the back of the pilot’s seat. “No!” he shouted fiercely putting the gun to the pilot’s head.  “Put this damn thing down!”

*  *  *

It was late in the day as Hunter maintained his heading.  They were already in California airspace and without really thinking about it, he had settled into a familiar habit, similar to a carrier pigeon heading home to roost.
They had easily left the approaching storm far behind.  Clear skies and waning sunlight welcomed them back to his old stomping grounds, southern California.
“So where are we headed?” Jim asked.
Hunter shrugged and gestured forward.  Back to L.A., I guess.  It’s all I know to do, unless you have a better idea.”  He glanced at Jim.  “You’re right about me.  I am predictable.”
“It’s okay, Hunter.  Most of us are.  Changing old habits isn’t easy.”  Jim looked out his window.  “Hard to believe sometimes, how quickly we can travel from one point to another these days.”
“Yeah.  Especially in one of these jets,” Hunter said.  “And you’re right about old habits.  We get so comfortable in our routines.  Our internal auto-pilots kick in far too easily.”
“Your mind has been busy thinking about a lot of other stuff too, you know.  Auto-pilot, as you put it, is just about all that keeps us going sometimes,” Jim said grinned.  “It’s what gets us through the day.”
Hunter chuckled.  “Which is probably why we’re this far south.”
“How’s our fuel?”
“We have plenty.  It was nearly full when we took off.”
Jim glanced back at their passengers.  “That would have made for quite a fiery display if those guys had managed to complete their mission.”
“Yeah.” Hunter replied.  “It would have.”
Both men were convinced Daniel’s business-as-usual philosophy, regarding collateral damage, meant blowing up the plane with all of them in it.
Hector, John, and Charlie came forward and crowded around the cockpit.
“So where are we?” John asked.
“California.  Almost back to L.A.”
“You have a plan in mind?” he asked.
“A plan?  Not really.  You tell me,” Hunter said.  “I’m just flying this thing.
“We need to get in touch with Ham,” Hector said.  “We’ll have to tap into a radio frequency.”
“I think I know another way,” Charlie said.  “Daniel bought a special electronic router system not too long ago.  He had it installed on all his aircraft including his two jets and all three of those helicopters out there, wherever they are.  The router allows someone to use a mobile phone in flight without interfering with the other radio frequencies used by pilots and air traffic controllers.  It lets you call or text someone.”
Hunter nodded.  “I read about that a year or so ago. I never gave it much thought since I didn’t really have a need for it.”
“Well that’s a little tidbit Brian recently discovered about Daniel’s rigs.”
“Brian.” Hunter looked at him in disgust.
“I know what you’re thinking, and I can explain what happened at your uncle’s place, but right now we need to make a call.”
“To Drew.”
“Yes, or at least text him.”  Charlie grabbed his phone from its clip and sent a quick message.
In short order, Charlie’s phone buzzed with a reply. “It’s him!”  He read a quick text then said, “He says, ‘copy’ then ‘location’.”
“I’ll tell him where we are,” Charlie said, and sent another text.
Another response.  “Stay away from LA,” Charlie read aloud.
Hunter frowned.  “I wonder why?”
“Don’t know but adjust your course and head away from here,” Hector said.  “He wouldn’t say this if it wasn’t important.”
“Okay,” Hunter replied, “but where to?”
John tapped Jim on the shoulder.  “Pull up a navigation map and let’s take a look.”
Hunter, in the meantime veered to the east just as they were approaching the northern reaches of the Los Angeles metropolitan area.
Charlie sent another message.
Another response.  “They are in pursuit of one of the other helicopters.”  His eyebrows shot up.  “I wonder which one?  I’ll ask.”  He sent another message.
Hector scribbled something on a piece of paper and handed it to Hunter.  Let’s also monitor that radio frequency,” he said.  “It’s how we’ve been communicating with each other in critical situations and anonymously.  We use Morse and an identification code Ham came up with.” 
Hunter took a look and showed it to Jim.
“You think you can you handle that?” Hector asked.
“It’s been a while,” Hunter replied.
“I can help,” Jim said and set the frequency using the standby radio display.  “So just wait and listen?”
“Yeah.  Just in case.”
Charlie held his phone in anticipation of another response, but nothing was coming through.
“Let’s see if anyone is monitoring the radio frequency,” Hector said.  “Send four letters.  Mike-India-Bravo-Golf.”
Jim gave him a strange look but tapped it out.
“M-I-B-G?  What the hell does that mean?” Hunter asked.
John, Hector, and Charlie all laughed.
“If refers to Men in Black,” Charlie said.
Hunter gave him a curious look.
“One of his favorite movies, believe it or not.”
Hunter shook his head in disgust.  “And he doesn’t like any of my movies?”
The men laughed again.
“So which movie should he have used instead?” Jim asked.
“Oh, I don’t know.  Never mind.”
“My guess, Hunter, is he didn’t want to say or do anything that would refer to you or implicate you in any way.  So don’t be too offended,” Charlie said.
 “Yeah,” Hector agreed.  “And the letter G is for Garcia.”
Hunter and Jim exchanged looks.
“It’s how we identify ourselves,” he said as they waited for a response.  
Jim frowned.  “Maybe my Morse is rustier than I thought.”
“No.  I watched you,” John replied.  “You got it right.”
“You want me to try again?”
“Let’s wait a couple more minutes.”
Hunter chuckled.  “So, Men in Black... does that have some significance?”
 “Not really,” Hector said.  “Ham just liked the movie, that’s all.”
Jim was about to tap it out one more time, when a response came.  He frowned.  “Break off communication?  Is that what he said?”
“That’s what it sounded like to me.” Hunter replied.
“That’s not good,” Hector said.  “They must be in trouble.”
“They?”  Hunter asked.  “Oh.  Don’t tell me.  Brian.”
“Uh... yeah.”
 “I don’t trust that kid.  He disappeared mysteriously while we were at Uncle Joes!  So how’d he end up with Drew?”
“He was part of the ground team.  He came with me,” Charlie said.  “But before you get all excited, let me explain.”
Hector and John decided to step back so Charlie could get in closer to talk to Hunter.  “Okay, the day you all bugged out of your uncle’s place, he was out doing his job.  Looking around.  Making sure you hadn’t been followed.”
Hunter interrupted.  “Yeah, well we found his bloodied shirt and that fancy vest out back in Joe’s trash can.”
“I know, he... well he borrowed one of your Uncle’s shirts... but he’ll give it back.”
“Uh-huh,” Hunter said.
“Well anyway, he heard your planes revving up and hurried to get back to the airstrip.  He got there just in time to see you take off and noticed your uncle’s plane was gone too.  So he was stranded and I had to go pick him up.”
“You did.”
“Yes.”
“Well, why didn’t he just say he was going out to look around?  Nobody knew where he went.  And how did he contact you?”
“By phone.  That’s what most people use.”
“Very funny,” Hunter said, “but we all disabled our phones.”
Charlie grinned.  “Yeah, well he used your Uncle’s home phone.  Anyway, it’s all good.  He’s not mad.  He just wondered what spooked you.”
“He did!  He took off and didn’t tell anyone where he was going. We found his bloody clothes in the trash and decided to get the hell out of there!  I’m mean, what do you expect?  Especially after everything we’d been through up to that point.”
“I get it.  I get it.  I told him he should have said something to you.  He’s still learning the ropes.”
“The ropes.”
“Yes.  He started working for us about a year ago after Ham met him at the compound in southern California.  He’s one of our C.I.s.”
“Like Janet,” Hunter said.  “I wish I knew what happened to her.”
“So do we,” John said.
Hunter looked at his companions.  “Yeah, well I am so fed up with all this clandestine stuff and C.I.s and secret codes and... all of it!”
Charlie nodded.  “I know. I’m really sorry you got pulled into this whole mess.  We’ve all been trying to watch out for you.”
“Yeah.  I’m sorry too, but... thanks for whatever you’ve all been doing... I guess.”
“Okay,” Charlie continued, “so back to Brian... when everything started coming down today, I told him to head for a pre-arranged rendezvous point while I stayed to help Ham and the rest of you.”
“What rendezvous point?”
“It’s a small clearing about a mile south of the cabin... or what’s left of the cabin.”
“How’d he get there and how would Drew know when and where to pick him up?  Telepathy?”
“I used a satellite phone and contacted Ham.”
“You still have it.  We could use one of those, don’t you think?”
“Why?  When we have all this,” Charlie pointed to the cockpit display.”
“Yeah, well.  Before we had this, we could have used one... maybe.”
Jim held up one hand.  “Can we decide where we need to go and just fly this plane?”  
“Yeah, but where to?” Hunter asked.  “Anybody have any bright ideas?”
John looked at Hector.  “It sounds like Ham must be in trouble.”
“I agree,” Hector said.  “So I vote we find out where he is and figure out how to help.
“Okay,” Hunter said, “but I don’t know what good we’ll be to anyone flying around in this rig.  It’s not like we can maneuver it as tightly as a chopper and we’re definitely not armed so aerial combat is out of the question.”
“We’ll think of something,” Hector said.
“Okay, but I’m going to keep flying east until you do.”

*  *  *

Karen sat quietly in the cockpit of the helicopter watching out the window at the farmland below.  It was early evening and Frank was at the controls.  “You okay, honey?” he asked.
“Not really,” she said.  “I don’t know what to think.  A week ago I thought I had a pretty good life.  A nice home, comfortable surroundings, friends... all of that.  And a husband I loved and could trust.”
“Karen,” Frank began.
“Did you have to shoot that man?  Couldn’t you have tied him up or something?”
“The pilot?  He was going to shoot you!”  Frank looked at her.  “He wasn’t interested in negotiating with us. Would you have rather I let him shoot you instead?”
“I guess not.”
“You guess not.” Frank looked at her in disbelief.
“Okay, no!” she replied. “But all this killing.  I can’t handle what’s happened.  I can’t believe I killed someone and I can’t handle what you’ve been doing behind my back, Frank.”
“I know.  And I’m sorry.”
“Why didn’t you quit and get out?”
Frank laughed uncomfortably. “You don’t just get out.  Not with these people.  You’re either in or you’re dead.  That’s it.”
“But...”
“Daniel told the truth.  I really didn’t know what I was getting into at first.  I met him at an event.  A fund-raiser in Los Angeles.  I was investigating a drug trafficking ring as part of my work with the FBI and we suspected the event was somehow involved but Daniel wasn’t on the watch list.  He and I struck up a conversation and he found out I was an attorney.  We stayed in touch over the next couple of months and when I ended up back in town, he invited me to dinner.  That’s when he broached the subject of wanting to set up a couple of corporations to handle his business affairs, as well as a couple of charities.”
Frank looked at her then continued.  “Everything thing he showed me... all the documents, the paperwork... everything looked legitimate.  I checked everything myself.  I double-checked everything.  But he was so clever.  By the time I figured out what was really going on, it had been almost a year and my name as his attorney was plastered all over everything.”
Karen looked at him.  “So now what?”
Frank didn’t respond right away then finally said, “I’ll have to turn myself in.  If I’m lucky, they’ll let me turn state’s evidence.  Maybe serve some time.  They may even put us into witness protection.  I don’t know.  We’ll see.”
“And if you’re not so lucky?”
“I could probably end up spending the rest of my life in prison,” he said.
Karen nodded soberly.  “Not a rosy prospect.”
“No.  It isn’t.”
He suddenly took the helicopter down and found a place to land.  Shutting everything down, he removed his headset and let out a tired sigh.  
“I had to protect you, honey, and the kids, and our grandchildren.  Daniel had photographs of all of you that had been taken in various places over a period of six months or more.  He’d had people watching all of you and threatened to harm every one of you if I talked.  I couldn’t let that happen.”
“My god, Frank,” Karen replied.  “Well, that explains the few times I thought I was being followed.”
“I wish you had told me,” he said.
“I thought I was just being paranoid.  But even recently I was sure I was being watched.  That’s how I ended up with the Wesleys.  Jim and Hunter were afraid for me.”  She sat staring out the window at the growing darkness.  “Our kids and their families were being watched.”  She tensed up.  “Frank!  Are they safe?  What if someone...”
“Calm down,” he said.  “I don’t know how much of that information Daniel shared with anyone else.  You talk about being paranoid?  He was definitely that.  So was Gerry.  Heck, I was becoming more and more paranoid.”  He paused.  “My guess is Daniel kept a lot of that to himself as part of that so call ‘insurance’ he mentioned.  His ace-in-the-hole, so to speak.  I don’t think he would have wanted the information readily available to anyone else, who might have tried to exploit it or use it against him.  And right now, I have no way of finding out where that information might be because I don’t know who I can trust anymore... not that I could really trust anyone before now.”
Karen teared up.  “Why do people have to be so evil?”
Frank reached for her hand.  “Daniel was obsessed with his empire.  He wasn’t about to let anyone get in his way or interfere in what he had been building up for the past several years.”
They both sat in silence staring out the cockpit windows.  Finally Karen asked.  “So are we just going to sit here all night?”
He squeezed her hand.  “I want to find a place I can take you where you will be safe.”
“What about our kids and their families?  How are you going to keep them safe?”
“I don’t know.  I just don’t know.”  Frank sat caressing his wife’s hand.  A moment later he turned on the master switch and tuned the radio to a particular frequency, then tapped out a message hoping for a reply.


Chapter Twenty-eight
Hamilton and Brian had been flying for nearly an hour.
“How’s our passenger doing?” he asked.
“Hard to tell,” Brian said, straining to look.  “He must be lying down.  I can’t see him.”
Hamilton maintained his course and watched the display screen doing his best to determine which blip was the one he was looking for.
Suddenly, another message came through.  “Did you get that?” Brian asked.  “M-I-B-B?”
Hamilton frowned.  “Yeah.  It’s Frank.  Respond with M-I-B-H.”
Seconds later a different reply came.  “M-I-B-G.”
“Hector again,” Hamilton said.  “I thought I told them to go silent.  Respond with the word ‘fuzzy’ followed by ‘lights out,’” he said.
“Fuzzy?”
“Just do it.  Let’s see if my brother figures it out.”
Brian complied.
Moments later the response came back, ‘copy.’
“Okay, so what was that all about?” Brian asked.
“Fuzzy was the name of my favorite stuffed animal as a kid.  I took that thing everywhere.” He chuckled keeping an eye on the electronic display.  “You remember that nursery rhyme don’t you?  Fuzzy Wuzzy was a bear.  Fuzzy Wuzzy had no hair.  Fuzzy Wuzzy wasn’t very fuzzy, was he?”
Brian stared at his companion.  “You’re losing it.”
Hamilton laughed. “Maybe so, but Fuzzy was a comfort to me and as long as I had him with me, I was happy.  I slept with that thing and ate with it sitting next to me at the dinner table.  We were practically glued at the hip.  Anyway, at bedtime, mom would tuck us in, give me and Jimmy each a kiss, then give Fuzzy a kiss at my insistence.  She’d tell us she loved us then say, lights out, which meant to quiet down.”  He laughed.  “In other words, stop talking and go to sleep.”
“Okay,” Brian said.  “Sounds like they must have understood.”
“Jimmy should.”
“So... the other message...” Brain began.
 “If it is Frank... and if he’s with Daniel...”  He didn’t finish his thought.
Brian remained silent.
“Either they’re trying to draw us out,” Hamilton said, “or...”
“Another message came in and Ham looked at Brian with concern.  “That’s not good.  B-I-M-B means he’s in trouble... or he wants us to think he is.”
“So now what?” Brian asked. 
“I’d like to know where he is and where he’s headed.” Hamilton took a chance sending another message. “Location?”
They waited for a full minute before a response came back.  Brian was confused at the message.  “Make my call first?  If he’s in so much trouble, why does he have to make a call first?  What call?”
“It’s a clue,” Hamilton said.  A cough from the cabin indicated their passenger was waking up.  Hamilton, though, was more interested in the message. “I have to make my call first,” he repeated.  “Make my call first.”  They heard another cough, accompanied by a gagging sound.
Brian looked at Hamilton and jerked his head toward the cabin.  “That doesn’t sound good either.”
Hamilton nodded.  “I’ll set down but only for a few seconds so you can get back there with him.”
A two lane road below was their only immediate option.  Moments later they were on the ground and Brian was out his door.  He jumped into the passenger compartment, belted up and grabbed another headset as Hamilton lifted off and resumed his heading.  Checking the display Hamilton continued to mumble the response.  “Make my call.  Make my call... my call.”  He suddenly stopped and broke into a grin.  Adjusting his heading, he tapped a response, ‘E-T-A.’ then called out to Brian.  “How’s he doing back there?”
“Not too bad,” Brian replied as he stroked Buster’s head and back.  “How are you doing, fella?  Huh?  Feeling any better?”

*  *  *

Hunter frowned at the short string of messages he and Jim were hearing.  “Who’s talking?” he asked.
“I don’t know,” Jim said.  “I’ve lost track of who’s who.”
Hector leaned forward.  “What are they saying?”
Jim looked at his notes.  “After we sent your message, we’ve heard ‘M-I-B-B’, ‘M-I-B-H’, ‘B-I-M-B’, and ‘make my call first’, followed by ‘E-T-A’.”
“Wait!” Hector said.  “You heard B-I-M?”
“Yeah.  Is that significant?
“Damn right!” John said.  “If ever we were in trouble, we’d reverse the letters.”  He looked at Jim’s notes.  “Frank must be in trouble, assuming he sent the message.”
Hunter looked at him.  “How would you know it’s Frank and what does ‘make my call first’ mean?”
“‘B’ is for Bradly,” Hector explained.  “As for ‘make my call’, I don’t know.  It doesn’t fit.”  He glanced at John and Charlie.
Jim exhaled.  “Well, E-T-A usually means estimated time of arrival, unless you guys use it for something else.”
“No,” Charlie said.  “We don’t.” 
“Make my call first,” Hunter said.  “What call?  Who’s he gonna call?”  Hunter stared straight ahead.  “Make a call... make my call,” he repeated.  Impulsively, he adjusted the range on their navigation display then focused on one place in particular and zoomed in on an image.  “Well I’ll be damned,” he said with a grin.  “Right there!  See!”  He pointed.
Jim nodded.  “McCall.  Of course, that could be it!  Make McCall first!  You think that’s where he headed?”
“What do you think, guys?” Hunter glanced over his shoulder.
“It’s about the only thing that does make sense at the moment,” John agreed.
“But why McCall?” Charlie asked.  “Any of you been there before?”  He looked at John and Hector.”
They both shook their heads.
“It doesn’t matter,” Hunter said.  “We’ll need to turn around.”
“Where, exactly, are we?” John asked.
“Over Albuquerque,” Hunter said.  “We’ll plug a new route into the system as soon as Jim locates an airport.”
“Got it,” Jim replied.
“Okay,” Hunter said.  “Everyone back in your seats and belt up.”  He banked the plane to the north and west to follow their new heading.

*  *  *

Frank sat up and listened.
“What is it Frank?” Karen asked.
He didn’t answer as he started the helicopter engine.
“Frank?  Where are we going?” she asked.
“I have to meet up with someone but you can’t come with me.”
“What do you mean?” she asked.
Frank didn’t respond but lifted off and took a heading due east of their location.  Minutes later they approached a small town on a major north and south highway in Idaho.  He zeroed in on a truck stop with an adjoining open field and came in fast.  Pulling up quickly, he set down just off the paved truck parking area.
“Get out!” he shouted.
“But Frank...”
“Get out!  I need to go.  You’ll be fine.  Just stay here.  I’ll come back for you!”
She was frozen to her seat staring at her husband stunned at his sudden change in behavior.
“Karen!” he shouted.  “I’m sorry, honey but you need to get out!  Now!” 
In tears, she complied and angrily slammed the door then backed up a distance as her husband wasted no time lifting off.  She watched as he flew away to the south.  Soon he was nothing more than a speck against the cloudy gray sky.
Wind gusted and a few rain drops began to fall as she stood shivering in disbelief.  A couple of people standing by a large rig watched in shock then ran to her aid.
Another woman came running out of the quick stop market noticing the commotion.  She scanned the sky looking for the helicopter she’d heard but couldn’t see anything.  Hurrying to offer assistance, she suddenly stopped short staring in disbelief.
“Karen?” she asked.  “Is that you?”
Karen spun around at the sound of her name and stood staring into the face of Janet.

*  *  *

Hamilton was monitoring his navigation display.  “I wonder where that helicopter went with Dirk and his two thugs onboard?”
“I know, me too,” Brian said.
 “Yeah.  And I also wonder where Davenport was originally headed.  Frank was on that rig.  I could see him.”
“He was?”
“Yup.  But he didn’t look happy.  He was arguing with Daniel.  That’s when Daniel hustled back and grabbed Karen.”
“I’m surprised about Frank,” Brian said. “I only saw him a couple of times.  We never talked much but he seemed like a nice guy.  I never would have figured he’d been mixed up with this group.”
“He is a nice guy.  He just got suckered in without realizing it and ended up with the wrong people.  I tried to convince him to bail out.  I said I’d help him.  That was about eight months ago, or so, but he was afraid they’d do something to his wife and family.”
“Wow.  That’s too bad.”
“Yeah, so here we are headed to McCall to meet up with them.”
“You think this is a trick?” Brian asked.
“No.  More likely a possible ambush, so stay alert.”
“Roger that.”
They continued to fly in silence as the helicopter pulsed its way along.  Brian continued to comfort Buster and at the same time, kept watch out the windows from the cabin.  He also noticed storm clouds approaching out of the northwest.  Although the sun hadn’t completely set yet from their altitude, the clouds were beginning to obscure the waning daylight.  They were still on track to meet with Frank and Daniel at McCall when Hamilton spotted a blip on his navigation screen.  It was headed toward them from the east.
“I may have found our lost chopper,” he said.  “Or else they found us.”
“You sure?”
“No, but there’s not much traffic up here... too remote, plus it’s getting late.  Just a gut feeling.  Keep your eyes open.”
“Copy that,” Brian replied.
Hamilton kept his heading but watched the blip at the same time.  “See anything out there?” he asked Brian.  “They’re close.”
“Not yet.  It’ll be hard, though.  The trees are a great camouflage if they’re coming in below us.”
The collision warning system suddenly squawked.  “Traffic!  Traffic!”
 Brian frantically looked out all the windows then shouted, “I see it!  Below us on our four o’clock!  It just banked and I caught a glimpse of the painted pattern on top of its blades.  It’s trying to get behind us!”
“Okay!” Hamilton replied.  “Let’s introduce ourselves!”  He immediately banked and adjusted his flight path.  Then, making visual contact, he began a zig-zagging run toward them in a taunting gesture.
“They’re engaging us!” Brian said.  “Do your thing!”
Hamilton corrected his heading sufficiently to assume a head-on run still using evasive techniques.  As he closed the gap, it would be less likely anyone would take a shot at them and risk flying into dangerous exploding debris.  At the same time, if neither flinched, a deadly midair collision was imminent.  The opposing helicopter suddenly broke away giving Hamilton opportunity to get behind them and continue the chase.
“Keep your eyes open for any other aircraft!” Hamilton ordered.  “I don’t trust this guy!”
“Roger that!”
Buster was now on his feet clinging tenaciously with his toenails dug into the short-napped carpet.
Both helicopters continued to descend, weaving back and forth with the forest below coming up fast.  Large areas of dense woodland stood in stark contrast to those that had been logged with only remnants of trees left behind.  The resulting appearance resembled a ragged patchwork quilt in the waning daylight as the ground below slowly succumbed to the deepening evening shadows.
Brian watched nervously from the back as trees loomed closer and closer.  Both helicopters crested a tree-covered ridge revealing a small lake dead ahead.  The opposing helicopter swooped closer to the lake still using evasive flying tactics.
Suddenly Hamilton could see some fishing boats moving toward shore for the evening.  “Check the shoreline!  Tell me what you see!” he ordered Brian.
Brian stiffened.  “A campground!  I see people!  A bunch of people watching us!”
On the ground, the campers were intrigued with the aerial show and at first stood watching in awe.  It wasn’t long, however, before they realized the seriousness of what was happening.  Most ran for the trees.  The few boats quickly beached their craft then rushed to join the others.  Although darker in among the trees, the two helicopters were easy to watch in what was left of the evening light.
Low hills surrounded the small lake on two sides, the tops of which still caught the last of the day’s sunlight.  Hamilton made a desperate attempt to lure the opposing helicopter away from the campground by breaking away.  With their adversary now coming around to assume the role of pursuer, Hamilton barely managed to clear the top of a small hill before their assailant launched a missile.  Disappearing down the other side, he was able to avoid the strike as the top of the hill was blown away instead, sending splintered timber, dirt, and smoke in every direction.
Chaos reigned at the campground as the terrified campers hurried to their vehicles leaving everything else behind.  The pursuing helicopter swooped over the top of the damaged hill then came around low and directly over the campground.  The throbbing and pulsating rhythm of both aircraft echoed off the surface of the water.
Hamilton banked back around and over the middle of the lake, once again hoping to draw his assailants away from the people on the ground.  Successful, he led them further away and disappeared below a distant hilltop. 
Hamilton then banked around sharply ready to retake the posture of attacker just before the opposing helicopter crested the hill on the unpopulated side of the lake.  
Hamilton took aim and fired a missile then banked away, coming back around for a good look.  Their enemy barely managed to avert being struck then resumed its course back toward the campground.
“He’s insane!” Hamilton exclaimed.  Turning in a tight arc he attempted to engage them once again, coming at them from an angle.  Suddenly another helicopter cut across his flight path.
“What the hell!” Brian yelled from the back.
The new aircraft began pursuit of the first helicopter.  Hamilton came in behind both of them.  A few people remained in the campground, completely transfixed by the action.  Hamilton maintained his focus in pursuit of both helicopters.
“Who’s flying that new rig?” Brian called out to Hamilton.
“I don’t know!  But I sure hope he knows what he’s doing and doesn’t suddenly turn on us!  In fact, I’m breaking off to get some distance away from the people below... just in case.”
“Roger that!” Brian concurred.
From across the lake, they both watched the two helicopters fly in a tight dogfight.  The new helicopter managed to get around front and take a head-on tack.  Without flinching the pilot quickly closed the gap with his assailant.  The first had no choice but to either submit to a deadly collision or abort their attack long enough to acquire more distance and reposition themselves for a safer hit.  They pulled up and away at the very last minute, banking around once again, the pounding sound of pulsating rotors cutting powerfully into the air and bouncing off the placid lake waters.
“What are we going to do?” Brian asked as Hamilton hovered at a distance.
“I don’t know,” he replied.  “That other pilot seems to be on a mission to either kill or be killed,” he said.  “And I thought I was crazy most of the time.”
The new aircraft teased the first to engage him as the pilot drew them further away from the campsite.  The first helicopter attempted another missile strike.  The other pilot pulled away at the last minute and repositioned for pursuit as the ordnance struck a different hill in another spectacular display of exploding dirt and debris.  The few remaining campers continued to watch the dramatic test of skill, wit, and sheer nerve in the air.
The dog fight continued for the next fifteen minutes.  Eventually, both aircraft disappeared beyond a distant hill.  Moments later an explosion, followed by an impressive fireball, erupted.  Stunned by what they had just witnessed, Hamilton and Brian stared in shock at the volume of smoke rising behind the hill.
Hamilton waited, still hovering.  Neither of the other two aircraft returned.  He finally took a chance and headed for the crash site.  Circling high above, he could see the remains of one helicopter on the ground completely engulfed in flames.  “We’re bugging out of here,” he said.
“I’m with you,” Brian replied, rubbing Buster’s back. “Where to?”
“McCall.”
Brian exhaled loudly as Hamilton resumed a new heading.  “I thought we were goners, to be honest.  I don’t know who that other guy was, but Hamilton... you are definitely one hell of a pilot!  You know that?  Thank god!”
“Yeah, but I’d sure like to know who that other pilot was.” Focused on their new heading he kept watching to make sure they didn’t suddenly end up in a similar dogfight.  “How’s it look out there?” Hamilton asked, trying to keep his nerves under control.  “See anything?”
“Nothing,” Brian replied, still scanning the sky.
“I’ll be glad to get on the ground.  My nerves are shot,” Hamilton said.
“Copy that.”

*  *  *

“Is everything okay?” Diane asked as John, Hector, and Charlie all got seated.
“Yeah, we’re fine,” Hector replied.
“We’re turning,” Betty said.  “Now where are we going?”
“Back to California,”
“Back?  Where are we?”
“Over New Mexico.”
“We are?” Betty peered out at the darkened landscape below.  “I can’t see anything.”  Moments later, however, the jet banked back to starboard.
John got up and hurried to the cockpit.  “What’s up?”
“We were just ordered to stay away from McCall,” Jim said.
“Ordered.  Who ordered that?”
“Drew,” Hunter said.  He let out a sigh.  “I need to land this thing.  I’m tired and frustrated.”
“Pick a place,” John said.  “I’ll fly her if you need a break.”
“That’s a tempting offer,” Hunter said.
“I mean it.  Hector or Charlie can come up here too and you both can sit in back for a while.”
Hunter nodded.  “Okay, but let me find us a place to land first.”  He checked the display and let out a laugh.  “Ever been to Henrico Carlos Community Airport?”
“What?”
“That’s where Janet and I encountered that black helicopter and picked up your pal Brian.”
“Works for me,” John said.  “Let me get one of the guys and we’ll trade places for a while.”

John and Hector were at the controls while Hunter and Jim joined Charlie and the women.
“Are you okay?” Samantha asked as Hunter sat down.
“I will be.  Just tired, frustrated... and grumpy.”  He smiled.  “How about you?”
She shrugged.  “I’m okay.  So where are we going?
“Arizona.  To an airstrip I know about.  We’ll wait there until we hear from someone.”
Samantha nodded. “Okay.  Thanks.”  She leaned back and gazed out her window watching the sky.  She could see stars begin to litter the sky above and occasional lights dotting the dark landscape below.
Turning on a video screen next to her seat, she checked the time.  It was just after eight o’clock, whatever time zone they were in.  She glanced at Hunter.  His head rested against the back of his seat slightly tilted to one side.
She tapped Charlie on the shoulder sitting directly in front of her. “Charlie?” she said.  “What time zone are we in?”
“Mountain, I think.  Why?”
“Just wondered.”  She paused.  “Can I ask you another question?”
“Sure.”
“How did you manage to end up back there in the forest ready and waiting to help us?”  
“Just lucky, I guess,” he said turning around to smile at her.  There was a glint in his eye.  “Actually, we arrived two days before all of you did and had been camping out about a quarter mile from the cabin in a tiny hunting shack.  The roof of that thing leaks, by the way.”  He chuckled.
“Anyway, in order to draw some of these not-so-nice folks out, we came up with a plan to meet at the cabin.  Then we carefully dropped a few hints that you’d all be heading that way too... to hide out.  It was a longshot, but it worked.  They took the bait.  Unfortunately, things didn’t work out quite like we hoped so we had to shift to Plan B.”
“So who’s we?” she asked.
“Ah, well... Drew, I call him Drew.” He grinned.  “Me, Brian... John and Hector.”
“So everyone knew about the plan to go to the cabin.” Samantha said.  “Everyone was aware that our lives would be in danger and that someone could end up dead.”
“I know you think we were being a little reckless, but believe me, we took all of that into consideration.  Look.  We need to shut these guys down.  Without offering some serious incentive to get them all there in one place at the same time, especially Davenport, it would have been a pointless effort.  Besides, do you want to keep running the rest of your life, always looking over your shoulder, hoping to stay one step ahead of these guys?  They were on the hunt.  They meant business. They weren’t about to stop looking for all of you, that I can assure you.  It was an all or nothing plan.”
“But... wouldn’t they have wanted to be absolutely sure we’d all be there before showing up?  And I still don’t understand why they wanted me.”
“They were absolutely sure.  Our mole let them know.  As for you... someone got the idea that you and Hunter were an item and they’d been trying to use him to draw out Drew.  Drew’s who they’ve wanted all along.”
Samantha frowned.  “That’s crazy.  I mean, I’ve spent more time with Hunter just today alone, than I did before all of this happened.”
“I know, but with your house and everything... well...”
Hunter sudden sat up straight and looked at Charlie shaking his head slightly.
“My house?” Samantha asked.
Charlie clammed up and turned around.
“What about my house?” she asked and looked at Hunter.
“Uh... well...”  He scratched his head.  “I guess... since we were seen at the Home Center together that... someone might have thought I... was helping you or something.”
Samantha furrowed her brown.  “Are you helping me?  Are you paying for any of it?”
“Hey, these goofballs... these idiots are so desperate, I guess they were grasping at straws, you know?”
“I guess.”  Samantha eyed him suspiciously but resumed gazing out her window.  Suddenly she leaned forward and tapped Charlie on the shoulder again.  “I still have another question.”
Hunter let out a laugh.
Samantha looked at him.  “What’s so funny?”
“Drew said you liked to ask a lot of questions, that’s all.”
Samantha made a face then tapped Charlie again.
“Yeah?”
“All I wanted to know was how did you get to the cabin?” Obviously you didn’t fly in.  So, did you drive?  Walk?  Hitchhike?  What?” 
“We drove.  In a jeep.”
“And the jeep is still back there.”
“Yeah.”  He shook his head.  “Like I said, Plan A had to be scraped.  So as a backup... Plan B involved driving out in the van and the jeep.  It beats walking through the forest, don’t you think?”
“I guess.”
“Even though we did everything possible to convince Davenport everyone would be at the cabin, there was always the outside chance he wouldn’t actually show up.  So depending on how he would get there, you know... by plane or helicopter, would determine how the rest of us would leave.  As you can see, he came in a plane.  The problem was he never intended to fly this thing out of there.  But we didn’t count on that.”
“They weren’t going to use it?” Samantha asked then her eyes narrowed.  “They were going to set it on fire, weren’t they?”
Charlie stared at her and finally nodded.  “Yeah, okay... yes.  It looks like that was their plan.  Well, actually blow it up, would be closer to the truth.”
“What?” Betty asked.  “But John said...”
John looked at Charlie.  “Nice.”
“What!” Charlie said.  “They didn’t, did they?  We messed up their Plan A.”  He sat back.  “I’m gonna miss that jeep.”
“So... taking this plane was actually Plan C,” Samantha said and smiled.
John laughed.
Charlie broke into a grin.  “I guess you could say that, yes.”
Betty’s eye’s widened.  “What will they do when they find out we stole their plane?”
John and Charlie laughed.
“She has a point, you know,” Samantha said, suppressing a grin.
“I guess we’ll worry about that... later,” John said.
Everyone sat quietly watching out their windows until Samantha had to ask another question.  “How was Brian going to get to the rendezvous place?”
Charlie sat still.
John chuckled.  “You gonna answer her?”
“I’d rather not.”
“Why?  It’s a legitimate question.”
Charlie turned around.  “If you must know, he was going to use the jeep.”
Samantha smiled, but didn’t say anything.
“Yeah, I know what you’re thinking... Plan D.”
Everyone laughed.
Hector called back to them from the cockpit.  “What’s so funny?”
“Nothing,” Charlie said.  “Just fly the plane.”
“Okay, but come up here for a minute.”
Charlie got up and turned to Samantha.  “You can think of a few more questions for me, if you like, and I’ll have some answers for you when I get back.”
Samantha smirked.  “I’ll do that.”
Charlie joined John and Hector.  “What’s up?”
“We’ve been hearing some chatter,” John said.
“From who and what are they saying?” Charlie asked.
“Between Frank and Hamilton.  Sounds like they’re planning to meet up in McCall, Idaho,” Hector said.  “We just sent a message that we’d meet them all there but Ham said to stay away.”
“Why?” Charlie asked.
Hector looked at him.  “My guess is he has some concerns about it being a trap and doesn’t want to put the rest of us jeopardy.”
“So what’s the plan?” he asked.
“We’re headed for a small airport in southern Arizona.  It’s the same one Hunter and Janet encountered their black chopper.  The one Brian was on.  We’re about fifteen minutes out.  I guess we’ll just have to sit and wait until we hear from someone.”
“Okay,” Charlie said.  “I’ll go belt up.”

John landed the jet easily then parked it on the empty apron of the small airport.  He shut down the system and everyone began to stand up and stretch.  Soon they were all outside looking up at the incredible sight of stars overhead.
Hunter walked to the airstrip and stood watching until the runway lights shut off.  John joined him.
“Everything okay?” he asked.
“Yeah.”  Hunter said and nodded.  “I guess so.  It seems different at night... this place.  A lot cooler.”  He stared out at the dark landscape.  “The last time I was here the sun was beating down, the airstrip was hot as hell, and we were accosted by that black helicopter.”  He chuckled.  “I’ll bet there’s even some of that money still blowing around out here somewhere.”  He gestured to the desert area all around them.
“We heard about that.  Hector and I were working a lead in San Diego that day.  By the time we were pulled in to help, you had been all over the place before ending up at the Resort.”
“About that,” Hunter said.  “So Janet... she’s been working with you guys?”
“Yeah.”
“For how long?”
“Oh... it’s been a couple of years, I guess.  Frank recruited her.  She’s done a good job for us.  Keeps a level head.  Has a knack for getting people to open up, talk, gossip, tattle-tail... whatever you want to call it.”
“Yeah, she likes to collect juicy stuff.”  Hunter laughed aloud.  “That girl.  I wonder...” He stopped then asked.  “So... you think she’s...”
“Dead?”
“Yeah.”
“I don’t know.  Maybe.  Or maybe she survived... got away.  I don’t know.  We may never know.”
“I hope she’s okay, somehow,” Hunter said.
“Me too.”
They started to walk back to the plane.
“Hey,” Hunter said.  “You don’t think anyone would come here looking for us, do you?”
“I doubt it.  After that encounter you had, I’m sure they figure it spooked you for good.”

*  *  *

“Here you go,” Janet said, offering Karen a warm cup of tea.  “I’ll be right back with some sandwiches and chips.”  She hurried back to the counter to pay for their meal then returned and sat with Karen in a booth.
“Thanks, Janet, “Karen said.  “How did you get here?” she asked.
“I drove.”
“You drove?  In what?”
“A beat up jeep I found at a small shack up the hill from the cabin.  The keys were in it, so I took it.  I wasn’t planning on sticking around and getting shot again,” she remarked dryly.
“Shot?”
“I’ll explain later but how did you get here?”
“Helicopter,” she said and started to tear up.  “Frank.”  She swallowed hard.  “My husband landed outside and ordered me to get out!”
“What?  Your husband?  But...”
“He was in a third helicopter that showed up at the cabin.”  She looked at Janet.  “We all thought you were dead.”
“But... why did he just drop you off here... in the middle of nowhere?  What were you supposed to do?”
“I don’t know.”  Karen began to cry.  “Janet.  I killed someone today.”
Janet’s mouth gaped open and she stared at Karen.
“Daniel Davenport.”
“Daniel?  He’s dead?”
Karen nodded.  “It’s a long story but I thought he’d killed Frank... so I kicked him out of the helicopter.”  She sat trembling, tears streaming.  “I just want all those images to go away.  But Frank didn’t die and we flew away and he made the pilot land...” She paused then whispered, “Frank shot the pilot.  I’ve never ever seen anyone get killed before.  My husband killed a man.”
Janet reached across the table and took Karen’s hand.  “Daniel was an evil man.  If he’s dead, he deserves to be and so did his pilot.”
Karen sat and stared at her food.
“So... you and Frank left and he brought you here.  But why here?”
“He said someone needed him or something.”  She took in several breaths and stared out the window at the dark sky.  In the lights of the truck stop they could see the rain beginning to fall.
“After Daniel and that pilot were killed, Frank piloted the helicopter and we flew somewhere... I don’t know where... but he landed and we sat and talked.  Then he sent someone a message and when he got a reply, he suddenly took off, brought me here, and kicked me out of the helicopter saying he had to go help someone.”
“But you don’t know who,” Janet said.
“No.  I don’t.”  She looked at Janet.  I am so confused and tired and angry.  I just want to turn back the clock and go back to last week when I had life that was good and safe and happy.”
“I know.  Me too,” Janet said.  “Me too.”
Karen sighed and forced a smile.  “So now what do we do?”
“Well, I was planning to drive as far as McCall tonight and stay there then keep heading south tomorrow.  I want to get so far away from all of this.”
“Can I go too?” Karen asked in a tired voice.
“Of course.  I won’t leave you here.  We’ll stay together.  Right now just try to relax a little.  I know that’s not going to be easy, but you’re safe with me.  We’ll finish eating and freshen up a little then head south.  I think it’s only another couple of hours to McCall.”
“Okay.”
Some commotion erupted at the counter as the clerk spoke to someone on a CB radio.  “Wait!  Tell me again,” he said over the microphone.  A voice was heard excitedly trying to describe something.  The clerk listened, concerned.  “Slow down.  Repeat.  Repeat what you said,” he said.  A frown crossed his face, as a few others gathered around with great interest, listening to the conversation.
“It was terrible!” Janet and Karen heard the person say.  “It was a dogfight!  Three helicopters!  One went down.  We saw a fire ball and smoke.  Over.”
“What’s your location?  Over.” the clerk asked.
“Pine Tree Lake Campground.  Over.”
“Okay.  I’ll call the sheriff,” the clerk said.  “They’ll know what to do.  Call back if anything else happens.  Over and out.”
“What’s going on?” a customer asked as he stepped to the counter to pay for some fuel.
“Something crazy.  A bunch of campers up at the lake said three helicopters were shooting missiles at each other... tearing up the hills and finally one must have been hit because they saw this huge fireball and a lot of smoke and then that was it.  The other two skedaddled out of there in a great big hurry.”
Janet and Karen stared at each other.
“You don’t think...” Janet began.
“I don’t want to think,” Karen replied.  “I’ve seen too much evil already today.  I just cannot handle thinking about any more death or destruction.”  Her expression showed great strain and extreme exhaustion.
“Okay.  You rest.  I’ll drive and get us a place to stay tonight.  Tomorrow, we’ll work on what to do next.  Let’s just take things an hour at a time.  How’s that sound?”
Karen nodded.  “Thank you,” she said quietly.  “I’m so glad you were here.  It was a god-send.”
Thirty minutes later they were back on the road.  The worn out wipers scraped across the windshield creating an annoying squeak as they fought to bat away increasing raindrops only to leave a grimy rainbow of arched streaks.
The heater in the jeep helped ward off the nighttime chill as both women rode in silence.  Janet focused on driving but couldn’t help but wonder what Karen had experienced earlier in the day.  The jeep’s headlights struggled to illuminate the road ahead and the dark landscape moved by in a rainy blur.

*  *  *

The men gathered outside the plane to talk.  John looked at everyone.  “I don’t like just sitting around.  Makes me nervous.”
“So what do you want to do?” Hector asked.
“Head for McCall.”
“I’m with you,” Hunter said.  “I’m getting pretty antsy myself.”
“Charlie?  Jim?” John asked.
“Let’s do it,” Charlie said.  “We’re not doing any good sitting here, that’s for sure.  There’s got to be something we can do to help.”
“Alright then.  Let’s get moving.”  John looked at Hunter.  “Who’s gonna fly this thing?”
“I’d like to,” Hunter said.  “If you don’t mind.”  He turned to Jim.  “I still need a co-pilot.”
“I’d like to do that.  Thanks.”
They all hurried back onboard and settled in, letting the women know what was happening.
“Is it safe to go there?” Betty asked.
“We have no idea,” John said.  “But staying here is a waste of time and manpower.  Besides, I’ll protect you.”  He laughed at the face she made then leaned over to Hector.  “I think I’m beginning to win her over.  What do you think?”
Hector looked at his partner and shook his head.  “You’re a goofball, sometimes.  You know that?”

They had been in the air for nearly an hour.  John made his way forward to the cockpit. “How are we doing up here?” he asked.
“Another fifteen minutes,” Hunter said.
“Okay, I’ll pass the word along.”  John went back to his seat.
“This has been quite a day,” Jim said.
“That’s an understatement.” Hunter let out a heavy sigh.  He looked at Jim.  “You want to land this thing?”
“Not particularly,” Jim replied with a weak smile.  “Like I said before, doing a powerback is one thing.  Landing this baby without doing cartwheels down the lane is quite another.”
Hunter had to laugh.  “Yeah, okay.  Keep your eyes open for traffic, since they don’t have a tower.  I’ll watch the screen and radio the CTA frequency for advisories.”
Unlike the series of take offs and landings following his previous harrowing escape from Arizona, Hunter followed standard landing procedures for this non-towered airport.  He received word from the CTA that no air traffic was in their immediate vicinity but there were rainy conditions. “Tell me something I don’t already know,” he muttered to Jim.  Minutes later they were on approach.  Hunter remotely activated the runway lights and finally touched down on the rain slick runway at the McCall, Idaho airport.
Rolling to a stop, he let out a heavy sigh.  “You know, I really love to fly, but this past week has been unbelievable!”
Jim nodded and agreed.  “I can imagine.”  He looked out the cockpit window.  “Let’s find a place to park and get out and walk around a little, even in the rain.”
“Good idea.”
Taxiing in to an available space, everyone eventually climbed out and breathed in the rainy but fresh mountain air, grateful to be on the ground and still alive.  Diane stepped over to her husband who was gazing out across the valley bordered by low tree-covered hills.  “I am so proud of you, Jim.”  She looked at him tenderly.  “You and Hunter did a great job of flying this plane and keeping us all safe.  Thank you.”
He pulled her close and looked into her eyes, giving her a tender kiss.  “I love you,” he said.  “More than you can possibly imagine.”
“Oh, I don’t know,” she said.  “I think I have a rather good imagination.  Besides, I love you too.”  She linked her arm in his.  “I am so worried about Karen, though.”
“I know.  Me too.”  He patted her arm.  “We’ll find her.  Somehow... we’ll find her.”
John stepped away from everyone to use his phone.  He sent a text and stood waiting for a response.  Hector joined him and the two of them talked quietly.
Hunter joined Jim and Diane wiping rain from his forehead.  “I sure hope they’re cooking up another plan, otherwise I haven’t got a clue what we should do next.”
“Yeah,” Jim replied.  “Me either, other than get in out of the rain.  We might as well climb back onboard.”
Hunter looked at his friend.  “You know, Jim, you did some outstanding work today helping with this rig.  I was impressed.”
Jim managed a smile.  “I didn’t do all that much, Hunter, and you know it.”
“All I’m saying is, if you ever want to get back in the air for pleasure, let me know.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” he replied.
John and Hector joined them.  “We should expect to see your brother and Brian pretty soon,” Hector said.  “We were able to make contact with them.”
Hunter broke into a big grin. “That’s great.  Thanks,” he said.  “It’s good to know they’re okay.  So once they get here, what next?” he asked.
“Not sure yet,” John replied.  “We’ll wait until then to discuss whatever options we may have... if any.”
Diane walked over.  “I’m worried about Karen,” she said.  “How are we going to be able to help her... or even find her?”
John and Hector exchanged looks.  “Let’s wait until Hamilton and Brian get here,” Hector said.  “We’ll talk about that too.”
Charlie called out to them from the cabin door.  “Hey!  Anyone besides me starving?”  He waved them over.  I found a bunch of snack foods in here.”
Diane glanced around, “Where are Sam and Betty?” she asked.
John finally spotted them off in a rough area away from the apron and pointed.  “They probably need some time alone,” he said.
“But they’re getting wet,” Diane remarked.
Jim laughed.  “We all are, dear,” he pointed out.  “Come on.  Let’s get back onboard and see what Charlie found to eat.”

Betty stood quietly next to Samantha as they both gazed at the lighted airstrip, unconcerned about the rain.  “I’m so tired, I can’t even think anymore,” Betty finally said.
Samantha nodded and put her arm around her best friend.  “After all these years we’ve known each other who would have thought we’d get caught up in something like this?”
“Not me,” Betty replied.  “And if it never happens again, I’m fine with that.  So much for adventure,” she said then jerked when the lights went out.  “What happened?”
Samantha didn’t say anything but instead began to giggle then started to laugh.
“What’s so funny?”
“I don’t know,” Samantha struggled to say as she continued to laugh.
“I think you’re experiencing some kind of hysteria.”
“Probably,” Samantha said and laughed even harder.
“Sam...” Betty kept looking at her friend.  “Come on.”
“I can’t stop,” Samantha continued laughing.  “I just can’t stop.”
Hunter and John were getting ready to climb into the jet when they heard the laughter and decided to walk over to see what was going on.
“What’s so funny?” Hunter asked as he approached Samantha.
“Nothing,” Betty said with a slight giggle.  “But she won’t stop laughing,” She looked at Samantha.  “Now you’re getting me started.”  She giggled again.
John looked at Hunter.  “I think they both need a big hug.  What do you say?”
John wrapped his arms around Betty.
“Don’t,” she protested and started to laugh harder.  “Cut it out.”  She kept laughing.
“No way.  I’ve been waiting for this moment ever since we met,” John said with a big smile.
“You have not,” Betty said but submitted to his strong hold and warm body as she continued to giggle.
Hunter pulled Samantha close.  “You are experiencing the after effects of a traumatic experience.”
“Yesssss, sir.”  She continued to giggle and laugh.
“Enjoy it while you can,” he said holding her tight.  “It’s gonna wear off, I’m afraid.”

  
Chapter Twenty-nine
 Everyone had settled back into the jet to stay warm and dry off.  The conversation was light as each one struggled to deal with their own particular experiences over the past several days.  Suddenly, the sound of an approaching helicopter got everyone’s attention and they watched from the jet windows with great interest.  Hunter opened the cabin door and stood watching as the runway lights blink on and the aircraft make its approach. It landed nearby and shut down.
Hunter climbed down out of the plane and waited.  As soon as he saw his brother he hurried over and the two of them embraced warmly.
“I didn’t know if I’d ever see you again,” Hunter said, still holding his brother.
“Me too,” Drew replied.  They finally released each other and just stood staring.  
Hunter let out a laugh, “Damn.  You look good!” he said then focused on the helicopter.  “So, where’s your partner?  Brian?”
“He’s coming,” Hamilton said, “Oh... and we picked up something we think you might like to have.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Come on over.  I’ll show you.”  They stepped around to the passenger cabin just as Brian opened the door.
Hunter stood gaping.  “Buster!” he said excitedly.  “Whoa!  Where did you come from?”  He gave his excited dog a lot of loving.  Hunter looked at his brother and Brian.  “How did you end up with him?” he asked.  “He was with Joe and Vera.”
“Well that explains part of the mystery,” Hamilton said.
“Yeah, but how did you get him?”
“He must have been on one of the helicopters that showed up at the cabin earlier.  When I got ready to leave, I noticed a bulging blanket on the ground nearby and it moved.  So I carefully unrolled it and there he was.  Drugged but alive.
“What?” Hunter said with concern, rubbing Buster’s ears.
“Yeah,” Brian said.  “They must have given him something to keep him quiet.
 “Buster.  You are a sight for sore eyes.  Come on!  Come see everyone.”
Buster jumped down and happily trotted alongside Hunter then up the steps and into the jet.  Hamilton and Brian could hear a chorus of happy expressions.
“We just made everybody’s day,” Brian remarked.
“Yeah,” Hamilton grinned and nodded.  “At least something good came from all of this.  Let’s join them.”
Buster enjoyed all the attention from everyone now crowded in the jet, but in particular from Hunter.  The banter was good for them all, and although thoroughly exhausted, no one seemed to care at the moment.
Charlie, though, had to ask, “So where’s the jeep?”
“I don’t know,” Brian responded.  “When I got back to the cabin it was gone.”
“Gone?”
“Yeah.”
Charlie looked at John and Hector.  “I wonder who took it?”  He looked at Brian, “So how did you meet up with Drew?”
“The van.”
“Right.  The van.”  Charlie shook his head and shrugged.
Samantha glanced out a window.  “The runway lights just came on again.”
“Someone else must be coming in.  They’re remotely activated at airports like these,” Hunter explained.  “Less expensive than to keep the lights on all night.  They’ll go off in about fifteen minutes or so.
“Oh.  I do see a plane coming in.  It looks a lot like this one,” she said.
No one seemed particularly interested or concerned.  Eventually the arriving jet pulled in near where they were parked but kept the engines running.  Hunter was curious and moved to a window to watch.  “That’s odd,” he said.
“What?” Samantha asked.
“Why not shut her down?  Unless they’re just dropping someone off.”  He continued to watch.
So did Samantha who was intrigued with the other jet.  Eventually the pilot opened the cabin door and set the stairs.  “Someone’s getting out,” she said.
Hunter nodded. “Like I said, they must be dropping somebody off then and plan to take off again.”  He kept watching then stiffened.  “No.  It can’t be,” he whispered.
Samantha watched as a woman, wearing a full length hooded fur coat, climbed down.  She walked toward their plane.  “Do you know her?” she asked.
Hamilton got up off the floor and took a look as well.  “Is that who I think it is?” he asked his brother.
“All depends on who you think it is.”  Hunter got up and stepped to the cabin door, waiting.
A light tap was followed by, “You-who.  Anybody home?”
Hesitating, he finally opened the door.  “Tiffany.  What brings you all the way to McCall, Idaho, of all places, and at this hour?”
“I came here to see you, Hunter dear.  Aren’t you going to ask me to come aboard?”
“Well, we’re a little bit crowded in here.  How about if I join you outside?”
“On my jet then,” she said.  “Out of the rain.”
“No, let’s just stand out here and talk.”
“It’s cold and wet, Hunter, unless you intend to warm me up,” her tone was smooth and seductive.
“You’re wearing a fur coat with a hood.  That should keep you warm enough... and dry.”
“Never mind!” she raised her voice.  “We need to talk, you and I.”
“About what?”
She glared at him.  “I said you and I.  No one else.”
Inside, Buster emitted a low throaty growl.  Samantha patted her leg.  He walked to her and sat down but kept his eye on the open door.
“It’s okay,” she whispered.  “He’ll be right back.”
Hunter climbed down and stepped away from the jet.  “Okay.  Talk.”
“You’re not making this easy.”
“Not making what easy?  You wanted to talk... so talk.”
Tiffany stared at him and tapped her foot anxiously.  “You need to come to my jet right now if you want to protect your friends.”
Hunter stared at her jet for a long time before responding.  “I don’t think so, Tiff.  You and I are through and have been for quite some time.  Now if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to join my friends.  Have a nice evening and a safe flight back to wherever you came from.”  He turned to climb back onboard.
“You’ll come with me if you want to see you Uncle and Aunt again... alive.”
Hunter turned around and stared at her.  “You’re bluffing.”
“Are you sure?”
He nodded.  “Yes.  I’m sure.”
Onboard, Buster continued to growl and stood up.  Samantha took hold of his collar but he began to strain against it.  Hamilton motioned to let him go.
“I’ll hang onto him,” he said.  Samantha let go and Buster hurried toward the cabin door, but Hamilton grabbed him.  “What’s up?” he whispered in Buster ear.  “Why don’t you like her,” he asked with great interest.  “And what will you do if I let you go?”
Hamilton looked around, “Can we kill these cabin lights?”
John nodded and got up.  A moment later the lights went out.
Tiffany reacted.  “Why did they turn off the lights?” she asked.
“Probably getting ready to sleep.”
“I don’t like it.  I don’t trust them.”
“That’s too bad.  Besides, I don’t trust you either.”
A flash of lightening across the valley and an accompanying roll of thunder split the night air.
“Storms coming,” Hunter said.  “You might want to go back to your plane to stay dry.”
Tiffany laughed.  “Hunter, Hunter.  Do you have any idea how I found you?”
“No and I don’t care.”
“You should care because I’ll always know where to find you.  Always.  You’re supposed to be with me.  No one else.”  She was adamant. “Come with me and your aunt and uncle will be unharmed.  Otherwise I can’t guarantee their safety.”
“Where are they?”
“Someplace safe,” she smiled.  “Come with me and I’ll show you.”
“Are they on your jet?” he asked, now with some concern.
“Maybe.”
“That means no, otherwise have them come to the door so I can see them.”
“Hunter.  I have no time to play games with you.”
“You don’t have them,” he said quickly.  “Otherwise, you would have had them stand in the doorway.  So, go away Tiff.  Find some other sap to manipulate.”
She pulled a gun from her jacket pocket.  “I didn’t want to force you, Hunter.  But you leave me with no choice.  You belong to me.  And I always get what I want.”
Hunter held up both hands at chest level.  “Okay, Tiff,” he said as the runway lights turned off.  “If it will make you happy, I’ll go with you but you don’t have to shoot anybody.”
Buster’s growls got louder as he strained against Hamilton’s grasp.
Hamilton looked at his partners.  “Get everyone down and away from the windows,” he whispered.  “John, use the emergency hatch.  See if you can find out who else is on that plane.”
“You got it,” John replied.
“Charlie.  Hector.  Be ready.  As soon as John gets back we’ll have a better idea what to do.”
Outside, Tiffany was still in a standoff with Hunter. “Daniel said I could have you as soon as his business was finished.  You were to be my gift from him.”
“You can’t just gift wrap someone.  I’m not a stuffed toy for crying out loud!”
“Besides...” a voice called out to her from the darkness.  “Daniel’s dead and I’ve got you in my sights.”
She spun around and squinted to see who was talking.
“You might as well give up,” the voice continued.  “It’s all over.”
“I don’t believe you!” she shouted.  “Who are you?”
“Someone who’s going to put you away for life.  You and the rest of your vile friends.”
Tiffany stood nervous and speechless now pointing her gun toward voice standing in the darkness.
“Put the gun down,” the voice ordered.
“Not until you show yourself!”
“I could put a bullet in you right this minute, but I’m giving you a chance to give up peacefully.”
Tiffany glanced around nervously then grabbed Hunter and stood behind him.  “Go ahead.  Shoot!” she challenged the mysterious voice.
“So much for being a gift,” Hunter muttered.
“Shut up!” Tiffany said.
Inside the plane Hamilton rubbed Buster’s ears.  “You ready?” he whispered deciding not to wait for John to get back.  Buster’s muscles twitched as he tugged and strained against Hamilton’s hold.  “Okay, boy.  Go get her.” 
He let go and Buster leapt from the cabin door taking aim at Tiffany.  With a ferocious growl he jumped her and bit into her arm forcing her to drop the gun.  Hunter spun around and picked it up leveling it at her as Buster maintained his hold, growling and snarling.
“Good boy!” Hunter said.
“He’s not supposed to hurt me!” she cried out.  “He’s not supposed to hurt me!”
“What are you talking about!” Hunter bellowed at her.  “He’s my dog and will do what I want him to.  Hang on to her, Buster.  Good boy!”
The door to her private jet suddenly closed and the runway lights flicked on once again as the pilot began to taxi away from the scene.  Hamilton jumped out of their plane and raced for his helicopter.  He impatiently waited for it to fire up as he watched the larger jet lumber along.
As it approached the runway threshold another helicopter was already hovering at the nose of the jet, and blocked its progress.  As soon as Hamilton could lift off, he took a position off to one side of the detained jet.
In the meantime, everyone could hear sirens approaching in the distance.  Soon the emergency vehicles were on the airport property and racing to the scene, their lights flashing.  One patrol car pulled up to the waiting jet and signaled for them to shut it down.  As soon as the pilots were in police custody, both helicopters moved away and set down.
Hunter had Tiffany on her feet and restrained in a steel grip.
“You’re hurting me,” she complained.
He ignored her.
It looked like every possible emergency-related vehicle was on the scene, including fire trucks and one ambulance.  People were everywhere.  Those on the jet stayed put and watched the heightened level activity completely unaware of two shadowy silhouettes coming their way.  They approached Hunter, still with a firm grasp on Tiffany.  
“Why am I not surprise to see you,” Hunter heard someone say directly behind him.
He turned to look and was dumfounded to see Janet and Karen standing there.
Janet stepped closer.  “You’re like a bad penny, you know that?”
Tiffany glowered.
“What I don’t get is how you always just happened to show up where you’re not wanted.  And now here with the rest of us.  How do you do it?”
“That’s my little secret,” Tiffany said.
“You know, Tiffany,” Janet said.  “There’s something I’ve always wanted to give you.”
“And what’s that!”
Janet hauled off and slugged her.  “There you go.  Face lift.  On the house.”  Janet walked away nursing her hand but feeling completely satisfied otherwise.
Tiffany glared at Hunter with anger in her eyes.  She tenderly felt her face and could taste blood.  “Aren’t you going to do something to her?  She hit me!  I’m bleeding!”
“Just shut up,” he said but with a big grin.
Onboard, a burst of exuberant shouts were heard as everyone excitedly climbed out.  Diane was first to race toward them, followed by Samantha and Betty.  Moments later everyone greeted the safe return of Karen and Janet.
Betty was especially excited to see Janet.  “They told us you were dead.  But you’re not!”
“No.  I’m not,” Janet replied with a big smile.  She gave Betty a hug then glanced back at Tiffany who was now being handed over to the authorities.  
“I will always know where you are, Hunter!” Tiffany was shouting.  “Always!  You’ll never get away from me.  You’re going to miss me.  You know that don’t you?”
“Not likely,” he said as two more squad cars pulled up with lights flashing. He watched as Tiffany was cuffed and placed in the back seat of one of the squad cars.
“This is so amazing!” Samantha declared as they all gathered together.  “Everyone’s safe!”
Hunter took a deep breath. “Well, not everyone.  Frank’s still missing.”
Samantha looked at Karen.  “I’m so sorry, Karen,” she apologized.  “I didn’t mean to...”
“It’s okay, Sam.  Everything’s going to be okay.”
Diane took Karen by the arm.  “Let’s get you and Janet onboard so you can warm up and eat something.”  “How did you get here?” she asked as they walked.  “I mean, we all saw you taken away by that man Daniel and he said Janet was dead.  What happened to him?  How did you escape?”
Karen stopped.  “Diane.  I will fill you in, but not right now.  It’s been a long day and I’m very exhausted.”  She teared up.
“Of course you are.  I’m sorry.  Come sit down.”
Hunter walked up to one of the officers.  “Can you recommend a place we can all stay for the night?  I’m gonna need to get a bunch of rooms.”
“Sure,” the officer said and pulled out one of his cards.  He wrote a number on the back and a name.  “Give him call and tell him I recommended his place.”
“Thanks,” Hunter said gratefully and pocketed the card. 
He looked around for Janet and called out to her, “Janet.  I need to talk to you.”
She joined him and offered a tired smile.  “Hi.”
“Hi,” he said grinning.  “You have no idea how glad I am to see you are still alive.  Daniel said you were dead.  How did you and Karen get here?  In fact, how did you find her?” he asked.
“It’s a long story,” she said.  “Can I tell you later?”
“Sure.  Get on the plane.  Warm up and eat something.  We’ll talk later.”  He stood watching her then heard someone call to him.  It was John.  He walked over to see what he wanted.
“Need something?” Hunter asked.
“Can you come with me?” John asked.  Together they walked away from most of the excitement toward two parked helicopters just as the runway light flicked off again.  They were about twenty feet away when John stopped.  “Wait here.”
“Okay,” Hunter said frowning.  “What’s up?”
John said nothing as he approached one of the choppers.  Drew stepped out and talk to him briefly then called to his brother.  “Jimmy.”
Hunter walked closer and John met him. 
“Go easy on him,” he said.
“Go easy on who?  Drew?” he asked then stared in surprise as someone else climbed out of the helicopter.  “Frank?  How...?”
Drew stepped over to his brother.  “He wants to talk to you.  Just listen.  Please?”  Drew joined John and they walked away.
Hunter stood staring at Frank then stepped closer.  “Frank.  You okay?”
“I need to talk to you.  I have a lot to say, but it’s... it’s a long story,” Frank said.
“Okay, Frank.  You want get back in the rig and talk?”
“No.  Right here is fine.  He let out a heavy sigh and shifted from one foot to another.  “Hunter,” he began.  “I owe you a big apology.  More than an apology, actually.”  Frank struggled with what to say.  “I’m mostly responsible for everything that’s happened... to you, to everyone else, to my wife,” he choked up.
“What do you mean?  You haven’t done anything wrong.  You’ve been helping.  You help me.  You help everyone.” Hunter looked at him.
“No.  I haven’t been helping.  I wanted to talk to you first before I turn myself in.”
“Turn yourself...”
“Just let me say what I have to.  Please.”
“Okay.”
“I’ve betrayed you and my wife and pretty much everyone.  I got caught up in some stuff with Daniel...  stuff I couldn’t get out of.”  He paused to compose himself.  “Karen...” he lost his composure.  “I love her so much, but...” he struggled to talk as he wiped his face.  “I have no idea where she is.  I went back to get her and she was gone and...”
“Wait.  Frank.  Get her?”
“Yes.  I had to drop her off.  I couldn’t risk her life and mine.  I had to go help Drew and Brian... and I did, but when I went back to get Karen... she was gone.”  He wiped his face.  “She’s gone, Hunter.  She drove off with someone and I don’t know where she is.  I need to let her know I love her.  I need to tell her... but...”
“Frank.” Hunter reached out to his friend.  “Frank.  She’s safe.  She’s here.  She and Janet both showed up together just a little while ago.  She’s safe.”
Frank stared.  “Safe?  Here?  And Janet?  But Janet’s dead.  No.  Don’t lie to me, Hunter.”
“I’m not lying.  Come on.  I’ll show you.  They’re both fine.  I promise.”
Reluctantly Frank followed Hunter toward the jet.  Drew and John had been waiting a short distance away and joined them.
“Karen’s gonna need someone to lean on, at least for a while... until this all gets straightened out.  I need you to look out for her.  Please.”
Hunter struggled with his own emotions and finally reached out to his friend and embraced him tightly.  “Whatever you need, Frank, whatever you need.  You’ve been a good friend.  You have,” he said then stepped back.
Frank forced a weak smile.  “Thanks, but I don’t feel like I’ve been a good friend to you.  Mostly, though, I need you to watch out for Karen.”
“I’ll do it.  You know I will.  I love you both.  We’re practically family, you know.”  He forced a laugh.  “Hey... uh... speaking of family... Drew here and I have made up.  We’re good now, I think.”
His brother grinned.  “We’re good,” he agreed.
Frank nodded.  “I’m glad.  I’m really glad.  You’re both good men.  Really good men.”  Frank looked at John.  “Okay.  I’m ready.”
John nodded and took Frank by the arm.  Hunter stood with his brother, watching.  They hesitated a moment before following at a short distance.  Hunter was still confused but fully aware that something terrible had happened.  He and his brother joined the others.
Karen was watching as Frank was led to a waiting police car.  She hurried to talk to her husband as he was being cuffed by an office.  “Frank,” she said in tears.  “Frank.”  Hunter was immediately at her side and put his arm around her.  She continued to sob, her whole body trembling.  He pulled her in closer as Frank was helped into the squad car.
Karen broke away and ran to the car.  “Frank!” she said.  “I love you.”
He took once last painful look at his wife and nodded, tossing her a kiss as the car pulled away.
“What’s going on?” Samantha whispered to Jim.
“I don’t know,” he said.  “But I’m sure we’ll all find out eventually.”

Two hours later, after sitting in the police station answering questions, everyone settled into rooms at a local hotel within walking distance from the airport.
Diane looked at her dear friend.  “Karen, are you sure you’re going to be okay sharing a room with Janet?”
“Yes.  She and I had some time to get better acquainted.  She helped rescue me.  I’ll be fine with her.”
“Okay.  Well, I hope you can get some sleep.”
“Me too,” Karen said fighting back more tears.

  
Chapter Thirty
 It was a bright and beautiful morning and moving day for Samantha.  “I can hardly believe I actually get to go home... at last,” she said to Betty.  “Thank you for staying one more week to help me get things organized.”
“Anything for my best friend,” Betty said and smiled as she zipped her bags closed.  “The Resort is a wonderful place but I’m glad we’re leaving today.  Especially after all the questions from the police and the FBI.”  She looked at her friend.  “And as much as I love spending time with you, this has been one of the most unbelievable experiences I’ve ever had and hope we never have to experience anything like it again.”
“One of the most unbelievable experiences?” Samantha asked and smiled.
“Okay, it’s the only unbelievable experience I’ve ever had and I will be glad to get back to my own home next week.”
A porter knocked on their door.  He placed all their things on a cart and accompanied both women downstairs and out to a waiting limousine.  A window opened and Isaac stuck his head out.  He could hardly contain his enthusiasm at seeing his mistress again.  A grinning Hunter stepped out and helped Samantha and Betty into the car.
Samantha held her pet close and rubbed his back.  “Who’s been taking care of you?” she asked.
“Some folks named the Willoughbys,” Hunter said.
“Oh.  They are so nice.  They go to my church.”  She hugged Isaac.  “We’ll have to do something very special for them, won’t we?”

Thirty minutes later, they reached the Twin Lakes area and Samantha’s newly renovated home.  She was completely overcome with the results of the improvements and could only stand and stare.  “This is much more than a repair job.  It’s a complete make-over!”
A bark came from the house.  Hunter hurried to the door and let Buster out who immediately ran to greet his old friend Isaac.  Together they ran off to enjoy revisiting every former and familiar haunt.
Betty smiled and stood admiring the newly renovated home.  Too bad the Wesleys aren’t here to celebrate this occasion with us,” she said.
“I know,” Samantha agreed, “but they wanted to take a couple of weeks and head for Seattle to stay with their daughter and her family.  They needed a happy distraction.”
Hunter stood admiring the house as well.  “Why don’t we go inside?  I’ll bring your things.  Samantha climbed the few steps to her new wrap around porch and tentatively stepped inside the front door.  Betty followed and the two of them stood staring in amazement.
“Wow,” Betty breathed out.  “Wow.”
“Yeah,” Samantha agreed.  “This is unbelievable.  It doesn’t even look like the house I bought.
Hunter joined them with a couple of bags in hand.  “The driver and I put the rest of your things on the porch,” he said.  “I’ll get the rest of your things in a minute.”
“Thank you.”  Samantha looked at him.  “Okay.  Be honest.  How much?”
“You’ll never know.”  He grinned.  “Besides, does it really matter?  We’re not going to undo any of it.”
“I know, but...” She walked into her new kitchen.  Shaking her head, she started to cry.  “It’s so much more than I could have ever imagined,” she said.
Hunter put his arms around her.  “After all you’ve been through, you deserve every bit of it.  Just live and enjoy.  Hey.” he took her hand.  “Let me show you something else.”
“What?”
He led her to a door downstairs and opened it wide revealing a spacious room with an oak desk as well as a sitting area tucked into an alcove.  French doors led out to the spacious porch.
“A place to write,” he said.
Samantha ran her hands through her hair.  “How did you know I like to write?”
“A rumor, I think.”  He laughed.
She looked at him and sighed.  “I don’t know how to thank you.”
“You just did.  And you’re welcome.  It was my pleasure.”
“Wow,” Betty said.  “All this because you ran into him with your cart at the Home Center.”
Hunter burst out laughing.  “Actually I ran into her.  It was an accident, but I’m glad it happened.”
Betty headed for the stairs.  “If you both don’t mind, I want to freshen up and lie down for a while.  My head is still spinning from everything.”
Samantha smiled as she watched her friend head upstairs.  “This has been the most incredibly unbelievable and terrifying time of my life.”  She walked into the living room and sat down on the sofa, running her hand across the fabric.  “New furniture.”
Hunter merely grinned.
“So what’s going to happen to Frank?” she asked.
He sat next to her and crossed his legs.  “He’s been arraigned but he and his attorney worked out a plea bargain in exchange for turning states evidence.  He’s agreed to testify against Daniel Davenport’s organization.”  Hunter shook his head.  “There’s been so much.  All kinds of illegal activities over the past several years.  A number of other international government agencies are also interested in any information he can offer.  It’s all part of a joint global effort to shut down this massive drug and human trafficking operation... or at least put some kind of a dent in it.  It’s going to take years, though.”
“Will he have to go to prison?”
“He’s been placed in a safe house for now, until the trial’s over.  Won’t know until after that.  In the meantime he can’t have any visitors, not even Karen.”
“That’s got to be rough,” she said.  “For Karen especially.”
“Yeah.  She’s at home but with twenty-four protection.  I really feel for her.  The shock of what Frank had been doing was bad enough, and then she had to endure hours of questioning regarding Daniel’s death and anything else she could share with them.  She readily admitted to pushing him out of the helicopter.  Fortunately it was determined to be justified.  Even so, she’s having a hard time coming to grips with the realization that she actually killed someone... even if it was in self-defense.”
“I can’t even begin to imagine what she’s going through.”
Hunter put his arm around Samantha.  “You’ve been through quite a lot yourself, you know.  You might want to think about seeing someone... professionally.”
Samantha nodded.  “I know.  I’ve already talked to Jim about that.”
“Jim?”
“Yes.  He’s my bishop, remember?”  She grinned.  “Before he and Diane left, he gave me the number of the Social Services office... through our church.  I’ll call them next week.”
“That’s good.”  He sat staring at the opposite wall then shifted and stood up.  “I’d better get going.  I promised Frank I’d look after Karen.  I’m having dinner with her tonight.”
Samantha stood up as well.  “That’s good of you.”  
“Well, in spite of everything, Frank and Karen have been my friends.  It’s the least I can do for them both.  Speaking of which, I need to get going.  My car’s around back.  I had to deliver something here first before coming to pick you both up at the Resort.  Wait until I leave then go check in there.”  He pointed to a door.  “On the dining room table.”  He gave he a hug.  “See you later.”

Hunter arrived at Karen’s promptly at five-o’clock.  Dinner was ready and she was happy to see him.  
“Frank’s going to be convicted, isn’t he?” she asked as they sat and ate.  “And probably spend the rest of his life in prison.”
“He did some things, Karen,” Hunter said.  “But the fact he’s providing incriminating evidence will help when the time comes for sentencing.”
“I can’t even see him... although I’m not sure I want to, at least not yet.  My life will never be the same,” she replied.  “I’m not sure how I’m going to handle that and all the gossip that’s already started.  I feel like I’m being shunned.  I didn’t do anything wrong!”
“I know you didn’t.”  Hunter tried to console her.
“Already, though, people I used to consider friends have stopped calling and coming by,” she said.  “I get so depressed these days.  I don’t even want to get out of bed in the morning.” 
“Which is why you need to see a professional, Karen.  Not only that... maybe you should think about moving to another house or something.  Even a new town somewhere and start over.”
“Easier said than done, Hunter.”  She rubbed her forehead.  “How do you just pick up and start a new life after something like this?  And do that alone?”  She teared up.  “I know you’re getting tired of listening to me,” she said quietly.
He shook his head.  “It isn’t that at all.  I’ll listen all you want or need me to, but I’m in the same boat as you.  I’m gonna get counseling to help me work through a lot of this and so is Samantha.  All of us have been deeply affected by what happened.  You, me, Samantha... all of us. We will all need some kind of professional counseling to help us work through everything.  And it will take some time.  Besides, I get the feeling there are some things you’ve not shared with me.  Things deeper and much more painful.  I can listen, but I don’t know what to do or say to help you work through them.”
“I know,” she said.  “I just don’t know what to think any more.  I don’t even know how to act.”
“Get professional help.  In fact, I think we should find someone in another city.  I can fly you to and from your appointments.”
She laughed.  “That would be asking too much.”
“No it wouldn’t and don’t worry about the cost.  I’ll pay for everything.  I promised Frank I’d look after you and I meant it.  You mean a lot to me, Karen.  I don’t like seeing you hurting so much.  Besides, I’m sticking around.  I have no desire to return to Hollywood anytime soon... if ever.  I’ve already decided to sell my house down there.  I like it better here.  So, let me help you out.”
She nodded.  “I’ll think about it,” she said.  “I will.  I promise.”
“Okay, but don’t take too long.  Don’t make me drag you to someone kicking and screaming.”  He smiled.  “Because I will if I have to.”
She laughed.  “Okay.  I’ll do it.”
“Good.”
She took a deep breath and sighed.  “So, you want some apple pie?”
“You might have to twist my arm,” he said, “but okay, as long as you include a scoop of ice cream.”
“I’ll be right back.”  She headed for the kitchen just as his phone rang.
“Hello?”
“It’s me.  Drew.”
“Hey, little brother.  What’s up?”
“I need to talk to you.  You have some time later this evening?”
“Sure.  Where?”
“How about Dockside?  We can have some dessert or something.”
Hunter grinned.  “What time?”
“Around eight or so?”
“I’ll be there.”  They hung up just as Karen returned with the pie and ice cream.”
“Who was on the phone?” she asked then stopped herself.  “I... it’s none of my business.  Forget I asked.”
“It was Drew.  He wants to see me later.”
“Oh. That’s good.  I’m glad you two are speaking again.”
“So am I.”  Hunter dug into his pie.  “I love your pies,” he said with his mouth full.
They spent the next hour talking about anything except the recent events until Hunter finally got up to leave.  “I had a nice evening,” he said.
“So did I.”  Karen stood up then hesitated.  “You know... I probably shouldn’t have you over...  with just the two of us here.  It’s really not appropriate and it will only stir up more gossip.”
Hunter took her hand.  “Like I keep saying, we’re family.  It’s like a brother and sister getting together for an evening.  That’s all.  You’re still Frank’s wife.”
She nodded soberly.  “Yes.  I’m still his wife.”  She looked away and picked up his pie plate.
“Let me take that,” he offered.
“No.  You go see Drew.  He really is your family.”
Hunter hesitated then walked to the door.  “Be sure to lock up and set the alarm.”
“I will.  I always do.”
Hunter stepped out onto the front porch and gazed up at the night sky then at an unmarked car parked nearby with two officers inside.  He gave a little wave then got into his truck and watched Karen’s house for a moment before driving into Coeur d’Alene.  Thirty minutes later he pulled up to the portico of the Resort and handed his key to a valet.
Inside he joined a short line of patrons waiting to be seated in the restaurant.  He was lost in thought about Karen and Frank and wondered how things were going to work out for them until the hostess greeted him.
“Oh.  I’m meeting someone but I’m not sure if he’s here yet or not.”
“Did you have a reservation?” 
“You have something for Blake?” he asked.
The hostess nodded.  Right this way.”  Hunter happily followed her to a table overlooking the marina.  His brother was already there and stood up with a smile. 
“You made it,” Drew said, sitting down again.
“Using my name for the reservation?” Hunter smiled at his brother.
“Why not?”
“Okay, I’m here, so what’s up?” Hunter scooted his chair up to the table.
“A couple of things.”  First, I was wondering if you and I could take a quick trip to Uncle Joe’s in the next day or two.  I’d like to see him again and meet Vera.”
“That’s a good idea,” Hunter agreed.  “They’d like that.”  He watched his brother.  “Hey I never did hear how Daniel ended up with Buster.”
“Dognapped apparently.  In addition to the collar, they originally attempted to use, they had a tracking chip implanted in him as well.  Kind of a backup system.”  Drew stared out the window.  “That poor dog.  Anyway, Joe and Vera were never in any real danger, because they didn’t see anyone, but they sure were beside themselves with worry about losing him, at least that’s what I heard.  So I wanted to go see them and let them know everything’s fine.”
“Sounds good and we can take Buster with us,” he grinned.  “So what’s the second thing?”
Drew watched a boat aglow with its running lights, chug its way into the Marina through the arched entrance.  “I know you’ve agreed to take care of Karen.”
Hunter smiled.  “Well, mostly I just check up on her a couple of times a week.  That’s about it.  We had dinner tonight, but she’s just a friend... still Frank’s wife.  Nothing going on if that’s what you’re getting at.”
“No.  Not at all.  No I just wondered if you wouldn’t mind also checking up on Samantha from time to time.”
Hunter studied his brother’s face.  “You do like her, don’t you?”
Drew stared at the menu then nodded.  “I do.  She reminds me a little of Melissa and... well... I just want to make sure she’s okay.  She’s been through a lot.”
“Why don’t you check up on her?  I’m sure she’d like that.”
Drew shook his head.  “That wouldn’t work.  I wouldn’t want her to get the wrong idea.”
“Wrong idea?  What are you afraid of Drew?  Are you in love with her?”
“I can’t afford to be in love.  My life... what I do... it doesn’t allow room for relationships.  They don’t go together.”  He looked at his brother.  “Just run into her at the Home Center once in a while and say hi.  That’s all.  Then let me know how she’s doing.”  He played with his napkin.  “We’ll work out some kind of code or something.  I don’t know.  Or maybe I’ll just call you.  I need to check up on you too, you know.”
Hunter laughed.  “Yeah, and who’s going to check up on you?”
“I can take care of myself.”  Drew grinned.  “So... what do you say?”
Hunter nodded.  “I can do that for my baby brother, besides Buster and Isaac kinda like each other so that can be a good excuse.”
“Okay, good, because you don’t have to date her or anything, you understand.  That’s not what I’m asking.  Just...”
“I understand.  You can count on me.”
“Thanks.”  They sat quietly until the waitress came to take their order.
Hunter looked over the menu.  “Get anything you like since I expect I’ll be buying.”
Drew laughed.
They placed their orders then Hunter asked, “How much longer are you going to keep up with this work you do?”
“I don’t know.  Haven’t thought about it much.  It keeps me busy.”
“It’s dangerous.”
Drew nodded.  “It can be.”
“You’re not getting any younger, you know.  At some point you need to think about settling down.  Come work for me,” Hunter said.
Drew laughed.  “Work for you?  Doing what?”
“I don’t know.  I’ll think of something.”  Hunter grinned.  “You can be my personal pilot.”
“Right.  Like you need one.”
“Okay... how about...” He stopped to lean back as their desserts arrived.
“How about we just eat these,” Drew said and dug in.
Hunter took a bite.  “You know I had apple pie and ice cream about an hour ago.”
Drew nearly choked as he laughed.  “Why didn’t you say so?  You didn’t have to order anything.”
“Yes I did.  You asked me to come have dessert with you, so we are.  Besides I love dessert.”  He laughed then looked up and broke out in a big grin.  “Well, hey, here’s your chance to check up on Samantha.”
“What?” Drew asked and turned around in his seat as his brother stood up.
“Excuse me.”  He stopped the hostess.  “We’d like to invite these lovely ladies to join us, if they wouldn’t mind.”
Samantha looked at both men. “Thank you, but aren’t you both a little tired of seeing us by now?”
 “Are you kidding?” Hunter chuckled.  “With all the bonding we all went through recently.  Not at all.  Besides, this is a much nicer setting than being crammed together in a private jet, don’t think?”
Betty giggled.  “Yes, it is!”
“So how much longer are you sticking around?” Hunter asked Betty as he and Drew helped them both get seated.
“I’m flying home tomorrow, actually,” Betty said.  “This is our little farewell party.  In fact you’re having what we were planning to order.”
He signaled to the waitress.  “Could you bring us two more spoons please,” he asked.
Samantha and Betty looked at him in amusement.
He attempted a serious look. “I’m not that hungry, are you Drew?  Plus these desserts do come in generous helpings as you can see.”
“You’re right,” Drew agreed.  “There’s plenty.” He grinned at Samantha, “Unless, of course, you’d prefer ‘emories’.”
She shot him a glance.  “Keep it up and you’ll end up wearing your dessert.”
He could only smile.
“It’s so nice night out tonight,” Betty said.  “Sam and I are planning on taking one last walk together around the Boardwalk afterward.”
Hunter thanked the hostess when she returned with the spoons.  “Well how about we finish these off and all take a little stroll together?” he said.
“I like that idea!” Betty said.  “It’s so romantic out there, especially now with all the soft lighting everywhere.”
Hunter nodded.  “Speaking of romantic...”  He looked at his brother who shot him a warning glance.  Hunter grinned and continued. “It seemed like John was kind of sweet on you Betty.”
“John,” she replied making a face.  “He’s just a big flirt, that’s all.”
Drew pulled out his phone. “I’m not so sure about that.  He definitely had his eye on you.”  He sent a text.
“Stop it.  All of you.  Besides, if he was all that interested, he’d have said so to me... which he didn’t.”
“Well it wasn’t like he had a lot of time to do that, if you recall,” Drew reminded her putting his phone away.  “We were all kind of busy.”
“Maybe... but still.  He’s not my type.”
Samantha giggled.  “What is your type?”
“I don’t know.”
“Then how do you know if he is or isn’t?”
Hunter nearly choked at Samantha’s statement, recalling a similar comment from Uncle Joe.
“You okay?” she asked.
He nodded and kept eating.
Betty exhaled and looked her three companions then took another bite of ice cream.  “I’m going to miss everyone.  I’m glad to be going home, but it’s going to be pretty dull in comparison.”
Twenty minutes later, they all made their way to the boardwalk finally ending up at the wider southwest point.  Samantha and Betty stood at the rail staring out across the water and the few lights dotting the distant shore.
“Nice night,” a man said standing directly behind them.
Betty turned around to say something and stared.
“Remember me?” John asked.
“But...” She looked at Samantha who was also surprised.  “But...”
“But what?” John asked.  He took her hand.  “Don’t you dare pull away from me,” he said sternly.   “Come on.  I want to show you something.”  He led her away from everyone.
“But...” She looked back at Samantha who giggled and gave a little wave.
“That was a nice surprise,” she said.  “I wonder how he knew she was here?”  She watched them walk away then turned to Drew with an accusatory look.
“What,” he said.  “It’s just a coincidence.”
She maintained a steady gaze at him.
“Okay... so I sent a little text message.  What’s the harm in that?  He and Hector are staying here for the next couple of days and I thought he might like to say goodbye to her.”
“What about Hector?”
“He was headed for bed but sent his regards,” Drew said.
Samantha smiled and looked back at her friend strolling causally with John hand in hand.  “She needs someone.  She needs to move on.  Maybe a bright side to all of this is she’ll seriously make some changes in her life.”
Hunter smiled.  “Looks like John just might be the one to help make that happen.”
They kept watching as John took Betty up to the top of the arched entrance to the Marina where they stood talking.  Samantha kept watching then suddenly straightened and let out a little gasp. 
“What?” Drew asked, following her gaze.
Samantha had a big grin on her face.  “He just kissed her!”
Hunter’s phone buzzed.  “Excuse me,” he said and walked away.
Drew turned back to the rail stared out across the lake.
“Everything okay?” Samantha asked.
“I guess so,” he said, watching the few boats still out at anchor.  He turned to her.  “I just want to tell you how proud I was of you and how brave you were through all of this.”
“Brave?  Me?” she laughed.  “I’ve never been so scared in all my life.”
“I get scared too,” he said.
“I find that a little hard to believe. You’re the one who’s brave!  Like with those snakes!  I was terrified.  And then flying the helicopter in that storm.”
He smiled.  “You were brave then too.  You’ve been brave all along... and feisty.”  He grinned at her.  “In addition to being opinionated, stubborn, funny... and lovely.”  He kept watching her.
She couldn’t speak and looked away, blinking hard.
“Sam,” he began.  “I just want you to know that I’ll always remember you.  Always.”
“Brad...” she stopped him, “I mean Drew...” 
“Call me Brad,” he said.  “My fondest memories will always be of the two of us staying in that beat up dusty trailer in the dessert... and you asking all your questions.”
She fought back tears and tried to smile but with little success.  “It was terrible there.”
“So, I guess you won’t want to go back with me and raise a family of jack rabbits any time soon.”
“Drew...” she began as tears began to fall.
“Brad... please?  Just for tonight before I have to go.”
“Before you go?  You have to go?  But why?  It’s over.  You don’t need to run anymore or hide.”
“It isn’t over,” he said.  “Daniel and his so called empire was just a piece of the problem.  This is much bigger than you think and I still have a job to do.”
“I don’t understand,” she said.  “Let someone else take it from here.  You can’t keep doing this by yourself.”
“I’m not.”
“Who’s going to help you?  And where are you going to go?    I mean...”
He took her hand. “You know I can’t tell you that.”
“But...” She looked at him through tears.  “Will I or... we... will we ever see you again?  I mean... your brother.  Are you going to come back to see him?  Sometime?  Ever?”
“You never know what might bring me back this way.”  He stroked her face.
She began to tremble as tears turned to sobs.  “I... I will never forget you.  You saved my life.”  She could barely speak.
He took both her hands.  “And you saved mine.”
She stared into his eyes.  “How did I...?”
“Shh.”  He pressed a finger against her lips.  “No more questions.”
Samantha struggled to catch her breath.  “But... before you go... before you... “
He pulled her close, wiping away the tears and gently pressed his forehead against hers.  “Samantha, you will never be far from my thoughts,” he whispered and kissed her. 

# # #


Editor 
Margaret Snider

Special Thanks to
Travis Herndon, Program Manager and technical consultant 
Cessna Aircraft Company

Rosa Mendez and Perla Lopez
Spanish language consultants


Peggy Lea Baker - To find out more about the author, please visit plbaker.wordpress.com for her biography and updates on current writing projects, future publications at www.Smashwords.com, in addition to occasional blogs on a variety of topics.

Pursue your dreams... whatever they are... just never give up!

Other published works at www.Smashwords.com include:
•	Desperate Rescue - Janet Feldman Series #1
•	Danger in the Woods - for young readers
