Love, War, and Treasure too:
The Evil Within series
By Levi Walker
***
Copyright 2014
Walker-Russo Publishing
Smashwords Edition
Cover art by stanzalonedesign.weebly.com/
***
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the publisher. Warning: the unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is illegal as well as immoral. This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment and may not be resold or given to others. If you would like to share this e-book, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you and I hope you enjoy the effort and imagination that I put into this novel just for you.
***
Books by Levi Walker
The Evil Within series
Leviticus Prime
Love, War, and Treasure too
When Darkness Shines Bright
Dream Walker (Release date: May, 2015)
***
Dedicated to Natasha Ledkenski
***
This story is written in first person as I am telling it and in both first and second person as I tell Tony’s. Only things that are noticed by either Tony or myself are described in detail. For example, a woman’s appearance may be explicitly reviewed while a male’s description may be virtually non-existent. We didn’t really pay attention to the men unless they were chasing us. Third person omniscient references are nearly completely avoided. Although this may detract from the suspenseful nature of the story, I feel it makes the telling of the tale to be more authentic and real. These are Tony Russo’s adventures in the Navy in the Naval Investigative Service. After that first year, nothing happened to me that didn’t involve Tony. His Naval escapades are told within this book. Please take the time to write a complementary review or give positive advice on how you think I could improve these books. Thank you.
Table of Contents
Prologue: Tony and Tasha
Chapter 1: Natasha
Chapter 2: The Mole
Chapter 3: Ensign Hot Body
Chapter 4: Cheers
Chapter 5: Treasure Hunt
Chapter 6: The Bat Cave
Chapter 7: Dead Captain’s Enigma
Chapter 8: Warehouse raid
Chapter 9: The Sundance Kid
Chapter 10: Gilligan and Papa Bear
Chapter 11: Blue Lagoon
Chapter 12: Paradise Southern Style
Chapter 13: Resurrection
Chapter 14: Parris Island
Chapter 15: Colonel’s Christmas gift
Chapter 16: Starsky and Hutch
Chapter 17: Drown Proofing
Chapter 18: Hormone Wars
Chapter 19: Wedding Bells
Chapter 20: The Wedding Crashers
Chapter 21: The Time Slide
Chapter 22: Civil War
Chapter 23: Temporal Menagerie
When Darkness Shines Bright: Book Three
About The Author


Prologue: Tony and Tasha
***
Excerpt from Chapter 9: August, 1987: As Tony dropped down into the river tunnel from the darker cavern, he was amazed by how light it was. He could see the entrance and it appeared as if it were daylight outside. It was nearly midnight so he knew it wasn’t but his eyes had become so accustomed to the total absence of light that night time darkness was relatively brilliant. He ran for the river full speed and suddenly slid to a stop. He had almost forgot to blow the tunnel in his haste to escape the darkness. He looked for the trigger but couldn’t find it. A moment ago it seemed light and now he couldn’t see anything. “Screw it!” he said aloud and again took off running towards the light.
When he reached the end, he stopped and breathed in deeply shaking off the sense of claustrophobia. Scanning the riverside for Natasha, he spied her standing alongside the canoe waiting. She had pulled the brush away from it and was pacing nervously.
“Tasha!” he called softly.
“Tony, I was so worried. Where have you been? What took you so long?” she cried out a little too loudly.
“I stopped and got some donuts. I hope you like Bavarian cream!” he laughed as he jumped down from the twenty foot cliff to the sandy riverside beach.
“Chocolate covered, I hope!”
“Is there any other kind?” Tony said as he ran to her, picked her up in his arms and kissed her roughly. Adrenaline still coursed through his body. “We have to hurry. I didn’t get to blow the tavern or the tunnel. They’re on their way.” He really doubted they would even be able to find the river tunnel from the cavern but he knew it was dangerous to under estimate people. Tony ran to the canoe and pulled it to the edge of the Mississippi. He took the plunge trigger out and placed it beside the boat. Locating the two wires that were connected to his backup generator, he hooked them to their posts. Natasha walked up beside him and handed him his gun and flashlight back. He holstered the gun and tossed the light in the bottom of the canoe then turned his attention back to the explosives trigger.
“Would you like to do the honors, Miss Ledkenski?” he said chivalrously.
“It would be a great honor, sir. But don’t you want to?”
He shook his head and said, “No ma’am, please hurry!”
She grabbed the tee of the plunger cautiously and paused. Tony saw the entrance of the tunnel getting lighter and lighter. They had found the river shaft.
He looked back at Natasha and anxiously said, “Tasha…sweetheart, we can keep it and take it home with us. You can spend all the time you want with it then. For now could you please press the plunger down?”
She smiled and pushed the plunger back to Tony. “This is your crusade, Tony. I am not sure I want to cause the death of anyone. Actually, I am sure I do not want that. I do not think I can do it.”
“You’re right! I wasn’t thinking about that. Get in the canoe, babe.” She did and Tony pushed it into deeper water while mashing the plunger down with his foot. He jumped in and immediately began paddling. A sharp crack sounded in the distance and a dull orange glow emanated from over the tree line a quarter mile away. A second larger blast rocked the same spot. The hundred and twenty year old tavern vanished in a ball of flames. As if dominoes were falling, blasts began cascading closer and closer until flames shot from the mouths of the two tunnels. Tony saw the silhouettes of four men fly from one cave entrance followed by a ball of flame. Then everything was totally quiet.
“Is it over?” Natasha asked innocently as if she was watching a fireworks show.
“Yep, that’s it!” he said as he maneuvered the canoe around so that he could paddle backwards. Then he took long, strong strokes with the oars. Within seconds, they were nearly out of the lagoon.
A deep rumbling sound began to reverberate from the hillside. They were not yet into the rivers main channel and the water’s surface was placid and calm. Spicules on the surface started forming at an ever increasing rate. It was like when a glass of water is set on a washing machine during the spin cycle. It took Tony only seconds to figure out what was happening. He began rowing furiously towards the center of the river.
“What’s happening, Tony?” Natasha muttered in an alarmed tone.
“I think we broke the mountain!”
“What?”
“There must have been a lot more tunnels and caves in there. We might have stressed them to a point of catastrophic collapse. Like when a house of cards collapses. Levi is going to be soooo pissed.”
The orange glow at the top of the hill suddenly went dark. Then the thundering crescendo of millions of tons of rock falling in on itself drowned out the initial rumbles of the falling hill. The horizon that existed seconds before dropped below the level of the river and a void was created that would soon be filled with the water that was in front of Tony and Natasha’s puny conveyance. That vacuum was soon pulling their little canoe backwards. Tony continued paddling furiously.
“All that gold and you could not get a boat with a motor?” Natasha asked jokingly trying to hide her fear, yelling over the noise of the greedy river.
“The dealer said this was a real chic magnet,” Tony yelled back. 
“Hold on!”
They were sucked into the vacuum of swirling water but managed to stay upright and afloat. Fortunately, most of the void was filled before they were pulled into it. But the tumultuous cauldron could still topple them, pull them under, or simply smash the canoe into a pile of debris. They were pulled viciously over mangled trees and huge boulders, but rode out the worst of it without too much damage to the boat. After five extremely long minutes, they were actually making headway back toward the center of the river. Tony exhaled heavily and wiped his brow. He looked back, still breathing heavily, and broadly smiled at Natasha. Over to the river’s edge, he saw that everything was gone. The bluffs were erased like they had never existed. The river ruled where land once was. The tavern and all evidence of the turmoil of the last forty five minutes all vanished forever. A new river channel ran a quarter mile inland where land had once been and the mud shoals on the opposite bank, under the water moments before, were now the new coastline. Tony’s explosives had not only leveled the hill, they had changed the course of the mighty Mississippi itself. Now, it was over. Natasha and Tony floated in the quiet darkness heading toward the bright city of Memphis.
“That was fun!” said Natasha sarcastically to break the silence. “Where are we going now?”
“Not too far! There’s a hole in the boat,” he responded nonchalantly.
Natasha looked down and saw the water rising ever so slowly. “Anyone ever tell you that you are a really fun date?”
Tony turned and smiled at her. It seemed nothing could rattle her. “You know I love you, right?”
They passed Memphis without trying to paddle ashore. Tony pulled a back pack from the bottom of the canoe and strapped it on. It was designed as a floating device and he thought he would need it considering all the other weight he was carrying. The guns weren’t necessary anymore but he wanted to hold on to them just in case. The combat boots, he had borrowed from a Marine helicopter pilot so he had to keep them too. The backpack also contained some other survival gear that he thought he might need. Only then did he realize that he hadn’t packed any food. After twenty minutes, water half-filled the boat. “There’s a small island just a couple of more miles ahead. I think we’ll get to it before we sink completely. Is it too soon in our relationship to ask you if you can swim?”
She muffled a laugh, “Yes, I can swim. Why did we not just paddle straight to shore?” she asked.
“You’ll see. What did you bring me for dinner?”
“What?” She asked looking confused.
“You brought dinner to the tavern. What was it?”
“Chinese food. Why?”
“Because it might be the last thing we didn’t get to eat for a while! With Chinese food, we’ll be hungry an hour after not eating it…maybe even sooner.” Tony smiled feebly at her. “Sorry, bad humor seems to be my thing today.”
“Every day…I think!” She winked and kissed his direction.
***
Years earlier: Tony and I joined the Navy in the early spring of 1985. By the end of our first year in service, Tony was beginning to find some of the adventure for which he had searched. A year and a half after we enlisted, he had more than he bargained for with even more to come. Adventure alone was the reason he had joined the Navy. Now that seemed insignificant compared to this new love for which he had never even imagined possible. His youth barely remembered and fleeting glimpses of happiness had led him to this very place beside a woman that he was ever more falling in love with each passing moment. My name is Levi Walker. Tony and I had been friends since my earliest memories. I shared in many of his adventures of the past but as our Navy careers progressed, we seemed to split into two different directions. We were still best friends but Tony loved the Navy and wanted to continue on as a Navy cop. I was still reeling from losing my ‘nuke’ school and only wanted to get out and return to Crowder’s Mountain in North Carolina. Now, with Tony’s joy of new found love, I was relegated even further back in his mind than before. I was happy for him of course but merely as a useless bystander. Tony’s adventures were only just beginning and he could never have imagined the places they would take him. As a young man, he had always been brash and eager to get in any situation that had the potential for excitement. His propensity to seek out trouble often landed him in dire circumstances that he always was able to extricate himself from with little or no damage. I on the other hand, enjoyed the quiet stillness that came with solitude and conflict avoidance. Seeking a more spiritual existence, I sought the solitude of a monk more and more. Tony’s path, however, was taking him dangerously close to peril. But as usual, I’m getting ahead of myself. I’ll begin the story where Tony first became a Navy cop.
***
A little more than half way through our first year in the Navy, Tony Russo was approached by NIS (Naval Investigative Service). Tony was completely confused by the summons. He hadn’t been caught doing anything wrong. He reported to the office as ordered and was immediately faced with a tall, absolutely gorgeous, blonde receptionist dressed a Lieutenant’s costume. At five foot eleven inches tall and with a uniform that hugged her large breasts, slim waist, and full heart shaped rear; the sight of her stopped Tony in his tracks.
“How you doin’?” he said with a hungry smile.
“At ease, Sailor! Can I help you?” She responded while trying to hide her gleaming white teeth behind a slight, full lipped smile.
“Yes. I am supposed to meet Colonel Brandywine at one o'clock.”
“You mean thirteen hundred hours? Please have a seat. I’ll let him know you’re here,” she said as Tony watched her sashay to her desk. She pressed a button on the phone. “Colonel, you’re next appointment is here!”
“Thank you, Lieutenant. Send him in.” The voice on the intercom sounded burley and rough. Tony pictured a hungry bear sitting behind a desk eating a freshly caught new recruit.
“Reporting as ordered, sir!” Tony said with an accidentally defiant tone. He got a bit relaxed when he recognized the man as a Colonel that he had failed to salute a few weeks before. ‘Maybe this isn’t serious at all,’ he thought.
The Marine Colonel looked up without standing and took survey of Tony. “Why are you wearing red stripes, Airman?”
Tony had been designated Fireman at Great Lakes and, although his transfer went through, bureaucratic red tape had failed to change his designated status. This had no bearing on anything accept he was the only enlisted man other than myself on the base to sport red stripes instead of Carolina blue like all the others ranked E-3 or below. It was a distinction that made him stand out at times when he would prefer to fade away into anonymity and go unnoticed. 
“My designation is in the process of being altered. The orders haven’t come through yet, sir.”
“I see. Do you know why you’re here, Sailor?” Colonel Vincent Brandywine said in a gruff rumbling voice. Brandywine stood and Tony judged him to be about six and a half feet tall. He was muscular and had the high and tight haircut that is typical of Marines. His stance reminded Tony of Marshal Matt Dillon of the old television show ‘Gun smoke’. He even carried his standard Marine issue forty five caliber sidearm low on his thigh like a gunfighter.
“I suppose it’s for not saluting you,” Tony said rather too quickly. ‘Is he gonna shoot me?’ he asked himself.
“No, that isn’t why you’re here but I would like to address that issue. You seemed to vanish before I could even call you to attention,” he said calmly.
“Well sir, I was not technically required to salute you. The Navy does not salute indoors and you were standing in a doorway which is very literally ‘in doors’. I didn’t have time to explain myself to you so I beat a hasty retreat. I do apologize for that, sir!” ‘Please don’t shoot me.’
“You are arrogant, aren’t you?” He paused a moment then smiled. “Well, as I said, that’s not why you’re here,” Colonel Brandywine said in a more serious tone. “You have come under scrutiny because of your association with an Airman Robert Leland. He has been suspected of distributing narcotics and has been under investigation. Anyone that he has been in contact with is also being investigated. That includes you. You are ordered not to reveal to him that he is being investigated. Is that understood?” He paused and looked up waiting for an answer.
“Yes, sir! Understood sir! Leland is just someone I know from Great Lakes. We are not well acquainted,” Tony said wishing to absolve himself of any close link to the man.
“I’ve had one of my men shadowing you for a while now. I’ve come to that conclusion and that you aren’t involved in any suspicious activities…not related to narcotics anyway. However, after reviewing your service records, I wanted to meet with you. I didn’t know you were the Sailor that failed to salute me until you walked in the door.”
“I saw your man several times. He isn’t very good at tailing and I’ve tried to explain that I didn’t fail to salute. I…”
The Colonel cut him off saying, “The next time you interrupt me, Sailor, I’ll have you flogged!”
Tony froze and immediately had respect for the Colonel. It was like when a master pops a puppy on the nose. Tony’s first thought was, ‘Do they still flog people?’ “Yes, sir! Sorry, sir!” Tony replied quickly and again came back to attention.
Brandywine took a breath, picked up some papers and continued. “The reason I have summoned you is to judge whether you could make it as a special agent…if you’re interested. My observers have reported that you are undisciplined and reckless. You disdain authority but respect people for their merits. None of that is usually what I look for in a person but I have something special in mind. It also says that fairness and justice are very important to you. You are inventive, imaginative and function well when left to your own devices without command interruption.” The Colonel put down one stack of reports then picked up another and looked up at Tony. “Also, I have reviewed your service records and have determined you are a prime candidate for what I have in mind. Your aptitude tests are well above most of the other recruits and you probably feel you’re smarter than all the people that order you about. If you’re interested in the program, I need you to trust my men and do as they say. They do know best when it comes to the training that you’ll have to go through. I want you to train with my Marines first in hand to hand combat and small arms training. During this time, I’ll be able to see if Marine discipline is at all possible with you. Then you will train with my agents on the details of surveillance and infiltration. You will no longer be under the command of Memphis NATTC or Memphis NAS but under orders of the Secretary of the Navy. Not directly of course but through me and the chain of command. Should you choose to accept this program and should you pass the training, I have a specific kind of job for you which you will be informed of at a later date. What say you, Sailor? Do you need time to think it over?”
“I’ll do it,” Tony said without hesitation. He did wonder how the Colonel’s people came up with that summation, however. Maybe they were a bit more inconspicuous than Tony had thought. Tony hoped they hadn’t seen him with any married women or any of the other delicate situations that he had gotten into.
“That’s what I thought you’d say. My reports also indicated that you tend to jump without looking. That’s something I think we need more of here in the services.”
“I do have one question though, sir. What about my school in avionics?”
“We’ll take care of that. You will stay in school for the moment only to keep up your appearance as a NATTC student. We will take care of your grades. Command and your immediate supervisors will be apprised of your situation but no others will be aware of it. This is strictly ‘need to know’ so secrecy is important on your part as well. Judging from your past, I presume you will disregard any direct orders given to you. Just understand that, in the situations that I plan to put you in, lives may depend on total secrecy, including your own life. Your training with my Marines will be sporadic so that you can continue your ordinary duties. That means that your training will have to be accelerated and I warn you…it will not be easy. Are you still in?” The Colonel paused as if waiting for the response but suspected he already knew the answer.
“Yes, sir! Tell me what to do.”
Brandywine gave Tony specific and detailed instructions on what was expected of him and what he was to do first. Tony took notes when he wasn’t sure he could remember it all and assured the Colonel that he was up to the challenge even though it didn’t seem much of a challenge at all. As he stood to leave, the Colonel stopped him saying, “Airman! Although I was technically indoors when you failed to salute, you were not. You had your cover on and were required to salute. If you wish to cite the Uniform Code of Military Justice to me then I suggest you read the Uniform Code of Military Justice. Dismissed!”
“Aye Aye, sir!” Tony said as he did an about face and left the room. “Damn, he’s right,” Tony thought aloud as the blonde bombshell dressed in a tight, tan, Navy Lieutenant’s skirt with her bulging blouse looked up from her desk and said casually, “He usually is.”
***
Tony’s training was as brutal as the Colonel had implied. The physical requirements were ten times what the Navy expected. Tony nearly quit on two occasions but the other Marines helped keep him motivated. They were good people and knew what was expected of them and were determined to accomplish anything that was thrown their way. They also knew Tony was in an accelerated program and was doing twice the curriculum they were. It was still easier than the normal basic training for Marines on Parris Island. Tony thought it incredible what Marines could put themselves through and remain sane. Respect was certainly due them. Combat training and hand to hand combat training nearly killed him but he pulled through. Weapons Training was much easier. He didn’t have to learn any advanced systems…just small fire arms. He trained one week on and one week off. The week that he was off, he went to class and focused on his sore muscles rather than electronics. He wasn’t worried. The grades were taken care of and he no longer wanted to go to a carrier. That sort of bothered me a bit. I still wanted carrier duty and wanted him to be there too. But now, he only wanted to be a Navy cop. I guess he just wanted to make a difference.
***
Tony’s first assignment was something of a starter initiation. He was to get to know some of the people on the seedier side of Memphis. Tony was tasked with seeking out low level drug deals or whatever else he could find that that involved military personnel. In Tony’s mind, he was just a ‘Narc’. He didn’t like it but that was his task for the moment.
During this time, Tony acquired a lot of information on the methods of illegal distribution of drugs and paraphernalia. He met with and gained the trust of a few homeless people wanting to clean up the 'neighborhood'. He also befriended several dealers that wanted to expand their influence with the military establishment. In the process, he gained information on specific individuals within the Navy and Marine Corps that were dealing and using. However, he was never allowed to be involved in any drug busts or stings. His only job was to get names. It was so boring. These names he turned over to his immediate handler and was done with it. He really hated being a snitch but it was his job. He kept telling himself that it was for the greater good. He wasn’t real proud of what he was doing so never really spoke of it to anyone. With this job done, he anticipated more adventurous missions but, never the less, was impatient.


Chapter 1: Natasha
***
“Reporting as ordered, Colonel Brandywine, sir!” Tony said snapping to attention.
“At ease, Sailor. Have a seat,” said the Colonel. Colonel Brandywine was Tony’s commanding officer in NIS. Brandywine had recruited Tony based on some very specific reports of undisciplined yet creative behavior. Though flattering to Tony, the Colonel saw him as insubordinate and head strong. Tony had no clue as to why this Marine Colonel took such an interest in him. Tony’s first assignment as a Navy cop put him rummaging around in the Memphis underground locating and reporting military personnel buying and distributing drugs. He hated being a ‘narc’ but the Colonel stood six feet four inches tall and reminded Tony of Marshall Matt Dillon on ‘Gun Smoke’. With a forty five calibre Marine issue Colt handgun strapped to his side like a gunslinger, Tony was very reluctant to deny him anything he asked.
 “You did a good job with the Memphis underground so I've got something a bit different for you this time. I’ve assigned a new handler to you. You will get your orders from her and report back to her. I don't want you reporting directly to me since it may compromise whatever cover you may fabricate. We have a leak at Memphis NAS. Flight details for the P-3 Orion’s in the Gulf of Mexico are being leaked to the Soviets. There isn’t a whole lot that is secret on this base but our security in the Gulf could be compromised. I need you to find the leak and report it to me…quietly.” Brandywine stopped briefly and pressed a button on his phone. “Lieutenant Mallory, please send in Miss Duvall.” Lieutenant Maria Mallory was an absolutely knock out drop dead gorgeous blonde that immediately shot down Tony’s advances from the beginning. There was a rule against Officers and Non-Coms fraternizing but that never inhibited Tony in the least. Lt. Mallory, however, was happily married. ‘Happily married’ was a concept in which Tony had no understanding. From his experience, ‘Happily married’ was merely a term navy wives used with other Navy wives to give the illusion of contentment. His thoughts of the tight, form fitting uniform blouse and skirt of the Lieutenant were soon interrupted.
In walked an extremely provocative looking woman wearing a blue flowered sundress and a woven straw hat. As graceful as a butterfly, she positioned herself facing Tony and the Colonel as if in defiance. Tony judged her to be maybe about twenty years old and was absolutely the most stunning woman he had ever seen. Standing a full foot shorter than him and with a body that fulfilled his ideals of perfection, he could only stare in silence. His first reaction to her surprised him. Normally, with a beautiful woman his first instinct is to be aggressive…his singular goal being to get them into bed. But something about this woman made him stand back and take a breath. He couldn’t explain it. She looked like a stereotypical Russian spy with full, luscious, red lips and curves that could only be described as perfection. Even that word did her an injustice. Her hair was black, long, curly, and seemed to have a life of its own reaching out in all directions from beneath her white straw hat. Looking into her deep brown eyes, Tony felt close to her somehow perhaps sensing a kindred spirit. Her eyes betrayed her outwardly confident demeanor, though. Tony saw a soul that seemed tortured, bleeding, and alone. She seemed to know her purpose but lacked confidence in her eyes. Tony never believed in love at first sight. Hell, he never really believed in love at all but was immediately smitten by her. Still, he knew he had to be professional.
“Miss Sandra Duvall. This is…what name are you currently using?” the Colonel asked Tony, silently suggesting for him to use an alternative alias.
“Tony Russo. It’s nice to meet you, Miss Duvall,” Tony said ignoring the Colonel’s hint.
“It is nice to meet you as well, Meester Russo,” she said softly in a rich Slavic accent.
“Miss Duvall is a civilian consultant assigned to us by Washington, DC. She will apprise you of all that you need to know regarding the leak and will assist you when possible. She knows a lot more than I do on the situation so utilize her as best you can.” The Colonel seemed a bit pensive but Tony had other things on his mind. He was thinking of all the many, many ways he would like to ‘utilize’ her.
“That will be all Miss Duvall. If you would wait outside a moment, Mr. Russo will join you momentarily. Thank you! Tony, wait here a moment please.” The Colonel waited for the consultant to close the door then spoke quietly to Tony. “What I am about to confide in you is between you and me. Mrs. Duvall is obviously Soviet but Washington deems it a necessary risk to have her involved. I have never trusted the Russians and probably never will. You shouldn’t either. Whatever Miss Duvall’s real name is, I don’t know and I can’t find out. SecNav has deemed it ‘need to know.’ I can get no intelligence on her so I want you to be weary and extra careful. Until she proves herself to me, I want her to be treated as a hostile. You most likely won’t uncover any really sensitive information in your investigation. If you feel something is in fact sensitive, bring it directly to me! Everything else can be sent through her. Do you understand?”
“Aye Aye, sir!” Tony was understandably pensive now.
“Dismissed!”
Walking back into the front office, Tony looked up from the floor and straight into Sandra’s eyes. She knew she wasn’t trusted and she accepted that. Tony immediately felt empathy for her and decided to try and lighten her uneasiness.
“Let’s go have a drink, Miss Duvall,” Tony said more as an order than a request. He hadn’t meant to sound that way and immediately regretted it. Stopping at the front desk, he asked Lt. Mallory to call a cab for them. He quietly crossed the room, winking at the lieutenant as he passed, and opened the door for Miss Duvall. The taxi pulled in just as Sandra walked out the door.
“That was fast!” Tony said. “North Side, The Nineteenth Hole, please.” he told the driver. Three minutes later they were walking into the restaurant.
“Would you like something to eat, Miss Duvall?”
“Yes please. I am starving! Please, call me Sandra,” she said seeming to relax a bit.
Tony and Sandra were escorted to a quiet corner. A waiter came and asked, “Would y’all like to order drinks while you decide on what you want to eat?”
“Yes. I would like a Dewar’s double, on the rocks…easy with the rocks.”
“And for the lady?” He asked.
“Banana daiquiri, please. Thank you.” She said with a fake smile.
Tony stared at her for a moment as she did to him. He realized she wasn’t going to speak first so he began. Instead of asking her some mission related questions, he started with the trivial. “A banana daiquiri…really?”
“Yes, I love them. We do not have them in Kiev. Well, I have not seen them there anyway. Why? Is it strange to order it?” she said with her eyes wide like she was afraid of committing a social blunder.
Tony smiled. “No. I just expected you to order straight vodka. I guess I was stereotyping.”
“Yes, I am guilty of that too. I expected you to order a martini…shaken, not stirred,” she said with a muffled laugh.
“That’s Her Majesty’s Secret Service. Here in the American South, our tastes are a bit less civilized.” Tony said laughing at her reference to James Bond. Actually, he liked the comparison a lot.
“What’s your real name Sandra?”
“What’s yours?” she smiled.
“Tony Russo! I didn’t take the Colonel’s suggestion to use an alias. I didn’t feel it was necessary.”
“I gather that Colonel Brandywine does not trust me very much,” she said looking down at the table.
“It’s just his nature. He’s spent his entire career fighting the ‘Cold War’. He is really a very kind hearted man.”
The waiter brought the drinks as Tony and Sandra stared into each other’s eyes…trying to read each other. The server took the exchange of stares as a romantic interlude and exited before getting their orders. “I’ll be back in a minute to take your orders,” he said as Tony and Sandra continued to ignore him. Slowly smiles appeared on their faces.
“What do you see?” she asked first.
“I see a beautiful woman that somehow has become entangled in the intrigues of diplomacy and possibly espionage. Your bearing indicates strength but your eyes betray you. You are conflicted and tortured. You know that what you’re doing is necessary and right but no one trusts you and it hurts. Why does no one trust you? Because you’re Russian? Perhaps. But there’s something else. The past perhaps? The past is hard to escape.” Tony paused and examined her reaction. She seemed to be melting.
She smiled and took a sip of her daiquiri. Taking a breath, she looked up and said, “You are wrong on two points, Meester Russo. I am Ukrainian, not Russian. And I am embroiled in neither the intrigues of diplomacy nor espionage. I am not a spy, Meester Russo.”
“That’s exactly what a spy would say,” he said as he squint his eyes and smiled.
She smiled back and laughed softly. She felt at ease with this American. It was the first time she had felt that she could relax since leaving home. Her facade seemed to crumble and she became open and vulnerable. She had no explanation for it.
“I’ve only known you for less than an hour but somehow I know I can trust you, Sandra. I won’t hurt you! What do you see when you look at me?” Tony asked with a ‘please be flattering’ smile.
She smiled and perked up. “I do not know. You seem as conflicted as I am. It is as if I see two people in your eyes. I see a strong, fearless, adventurous man that would fight to the death for something that he believes. I also see a scared, vulnerable person that is capable of great passion and caring. Which is the real you?”
Tony smiled and asked again “What’s your name? I will keep it secret.”
Sandra looked into Tony’s eyes once again and stared. She seemed to be tearing down internal walls that had been well built. She realized that by suffering so much distrust from others, she had subconsciously distrusted everyone as well. Years of listening to Soviet propaganda had geared her to mistrust Americans even though her father repeatedly urged her to not believe anything she hears from the Soviet news media service TASS. Somehow, however, she did trust this American. She had only known him for less than an hour but knew beyond doubt that she trusted him. She never thought that possible. Softly, she spoke.
“My name is Natasha Ledkenski. My father is in the Soviet Politburo and my older brother is KGB. They are both progressive in their political views. The Soviet Union is decaying. It is only a matter of time before it collapses. When it does, there will be a vacuum politically, militarily, and economically. I am here at the request of my father and condoned by your President Reagan. My small part in this grand play is simply to be a bridge; a liaison to help relations and cooperation between our two countries. I do not see that I will do any good but it is better than doing nothing. My brother has acquired information that the military is getting the flight routes for your submarine hunters in the Gulf of Mexico. In ordinary times, that would not be a problem but now the government is dividing into factions. The Pro-Soviet hardliners still believe that a first strike is viable. Others are equally dangerous; factions that will use the military for their own power plays. These 'warlords' could easily start a war. The progressive party wants to keep the government stable until Democracy can take hold. My father and brother endanger their own safety and could be executed as traitors if caught. That is why you must keep my secret. I trust you with my life and my family’s life. That is why we must find this ‘mole’ and eliminate this threat.”
“Wow! I just asked for your name…just kidding. Do you have any more information on the source of the leak?”
“Only that the information is coming from Memphis Naval Air Station and is being acquired and sold by an information broker; a Canadian that my brother said was called The Dutchman,” she said.
“How international. There are a lot of Canadians around here. I think the waiter forgot about us.” Tony said trying to change the subject but realized Natasha was looking at him expectantly. “Your secret is safe with me, Natasha. I need you to go back to the Colonel’s office when we’re finished here. Tell him I need identification and chits for Third Class Petty Officer Jonathan Smyth. Also, I’ll need transfer papers for the same from San Diego to Memphis NAS Flight Operations and Tower Control. I’ll write the spelling of the name and the signature down for you,” he said and picked up a napkin. He thought it would be easier if he kept the rank that he currently had. Getting new uniforms and patches were a real pain in the butt. When he was finished writing, he looked up, gazed into her eyes and smiled.
She looked deeply into Tony’s eyes and smiled back. For some reason, she instinctively trusted him. She finally had someone she could trust and who trusted her. It was a relief for her. Her shoulders seemed to carry less weight.
“Waiter, we are ready now!” She said while still looking into Tony’s eyes and still smiling. 
***
One blistering hot summer’s day not long after Tony met Natasha, I was sitting by the Officer’s pool basking. I was ‘preparing’ for an exam that I had the next day when Tony showed up.
“I need your help,” Tony said as he sat down in the lounge chair beside me.
I raised one side of my sun glasses and looked up at him. “How’d you find me?”
“You have exams tomorrow. Where else would you be other than tanning out by the Officer’s pool drinking margaritas? How did you get in here anyway?” Tony responded with a quirky grin.
“The same way you did, I guess. Just acted arrogant and walked in. Would you like a drink?” I asked.
“Sure.”
“Good! Get me one too. The bar is in there.” I pointed towards the glass double doors in the center of a two story, white barracks-like structure that also enclosed the indoor pool.
“Son of a…!” Tony muttered as he stood shaking his head and heading for the bar. On his return trip, he noticed a small group of female Officers. One of the females he recognized as a person of interest in his current assignment. “What rank is that blonde chick at the right end of those women?” Tony asked as he sat down and handed me my drink.
I again raised my sunglasses and squinted my eyes. “They obviously have nowhere to pin their rank insignia so judging by breast size alone, I’d have to say an Ensign. The one beside her is definitely a Lt. Commander and beside her is another Ensign.”
I guess that one on the end that’s lying on her stomach is a Rear Admiral. Her butt’s pretty big and she has some years on her,” Russo said…enjoying the game.
I couldn’t help but laugh. “So, what do you need?”
“I need you to get a copy of all the keys that Kroger’s girlfriend carries to her office. Petty Officer Maxwell isn’t suspect but I can use her to get what I need. I need to get in and peruse a few files and put my file on the incoming transfer list. Once I am working on the inside and have access to all doors and locked files, I will be in a better position to know where the leak may be. Can you help me?” Tony said then paused a moment to give me a chance to think but I think he already knew the answer.
“That’s not a problem. The three of us are going to the Mall in Memphis tomorrow. I should be able to get her keys and have some of them duplicated there. I imagine some of the keys will be marked ’Do Not Duplicate’ but I can make wax impressions and you can have your boys at ‘Cloak and Dagger’ dupe them.” I took a long sip of my margarita and began thinking about how I was going to get her keys for about ten minutes.
“Thanks, Levi. I knew I could count on you. Remember, this is completely hush hush. I think I’ll go have a chat with Miss Ensign Hot-body over there. She’s pretty cute” Tony said as he stood and adjusted his imaginary tie. His use of my first name sort of caught me off guard. I had been called by my last name for quite a while with only family or childhood friends calling me Levi. Tony was the only one around that still referred to me that way and it calmed me in a strange way. It was endearing to think of life before the Navy and made me a little home sick.
“That’s probably not a good idea! If you’re going to work in that office undercover as a lowly clerk then she may be confused as to why you were at an Officer’s pool. Also, you may not want Billy’s girlfriend to see you working at her office either. She may have seen you with Billy and me before.” I already knew that Tony knew all that as well and was only wishful dreaming about the bikini clad Ensign Hot-body. Knowing Tony, he already had her bikini off and was ravishing her as he stood there day dreaming.
Tony quickly deflated and returned to his reality. “Sometimes, I wish I could be you!” Then he turned his attention to Rear Admiral Luscious Butt and I shook my head.


Chapter 2: The Mole
***
Tony contacted Natasha that afternoon in order to give her the key impressions to take to the office. They met again at The Nineteenth Hole. She was dressed demurely in a tight blue chiffon knee length dress and seemed much more relaxed. She gave him the customary Slavic kiss on both cheeks. This was the first physical contact that Tony had with her and it affected him in an odd way. Suddenly, his knees became weak and his palms began sweating. It was so cliché that it made him chuckle. He found it increasingly difficult to hide his attraction to her. As she kissed him, she hovered only inches away from his face as if she too were contemplating the power of that innocent contact.
As they both sat, Tony slid a thick folder across the table to her. “These are the impression that I need you to give to the Colonel. I need the keys ASAP. Is there an easier way that we can contact each other? Leaving chalk marks on a fence post to set up a meeting seems a bit old school.”
“First, what is ASAP?”
“As soon as possible.”
“Okay, I can give you my phone number at my apartment. I have been supplied with a room and a car by Colonel Brandywine. The phone is on a secure link from what the Colonel tells me but I imagine he monitors it.”
“He gave you a car? Why hasn’t he given me a car? It’s because I didn’t salute him, isn't it?” Tony feigned indignation.
“Perhaps you are not pretty enough.” she said with a sly smile.
“Of course I am! Don’t be ridiculous! Tell me about your apartment.”
“Do you want to see it? It’s just down the road.” She paused a moment wondering if she had crossed a line. Too much familiarity could complicate things. But she felt so at ease with Tony. It was like she had known him all her life. She thought of her brother in the KGB and noticed the similarities between them. But Tony was definitely not her brother.
“Sure! We can go now unless you’re hungry. I’m not!”
“Okay,” she said and quickly finished her drink.
Walking out into the parking lot, Tony saw a dozen cars but only two were government issued Sedans. “Don’t tell me the Colonel got you a Sedan!”
“That one…yes. Why?” she asked.
“It isn’t exactly discrete. Every Government agency drives those thinking that it makes them invisible but it only makes them stand out like a fat kid in a soccer game.” Tony shook his head. “That’s the Colonel’s way of slapping you in the face. See that Sedan over there? They’re agents. They don’t even have the sense to get out of the car and look like they belong. And they all dress the same too…always a black suit.” Tony wondered why they were there.
“Yes, I saw them earlier. They followed me from the base. Do you think they are your government's men or mine?”
“Pretty sure they’re my guys. Don’t you go to the movies? Russian spies are all blonde and seven feet tall.” Tony said with a smirk.
“I will tell my brother that he needs to dye his hair and get taller.”
They got in the car and exited the parking lot with the black Sedan trailing behind them.
“Should we lose them?” Natasha asked.
“No. I imagine they already know where you live. They’re probably assigned to you by Washington as chaperones. They’ll be watching out for you as well. With them on our six, any other unwanted tails will be easier to spot.”
“On our six?” she said confused.
Tony mimicked the arms of a clock. “Twelve o’clock, three o’clock, six o’clock…behind us.”
She nodded her understanding.
The apartment was on the second floor and was too visible from the road for Tony’s comfort. It was more like a motel room. There was one large window in the front with a small bathroom window in the back. The only entrance was the front door which meant it was also the only exit. That could be a problem. Tony could hear the neighbors so that meant the walls were too thin. It was another slap in the face. This wasn’t secure at all. The Colonel was concerned only that his men could keep an eye on her. He apparently didn’t care that it was potentially a death trap if the wrong people cornered her. Tony couldn’t think that way about the Colonel though. He knew him too well. He probably had given the order to an underling to find accommodations and they screwed the pooch.
“This won’t do,” Tony said disappointed. “Colonel, this residence is not secure or defensible. We need to get her something less vulnerable if at all possible. A less conspicuous car would be nice too.”
“Who are you talking to?” Natasha asked looking bewildered.
“The Colonel. He has ears in here…I’m sure. The car too…probably. It’s SOP, Standard Operating Procedure, for visiting hostiles. He’ll have my ass for telling you. I imagine he’s cursing up a storm as we speak. Sorry Colonel!” Tony walked over to the table and grabbed a pad and pencil and began writing. Then he passed the note to Natasha. It read I had to let you know somehow that the room was bugged. I didn’t think of it earlier. Be careful not to compromise yourself.
She took the pen and responded, Thanks but I already assumed that.
Tony realized that she had probably been doing this longer than him but a least he had demonstrated his commitment to protect her secret. “Let’s get these key impressions to the lab and then go look for a decent apartment.”
As they walked out to the car, Tony whispered into her ear, “Drop me at the gate. Come out of the back entrance of the office. I’ll pick you up in a tan Ford Escort. Don’t be followed.”
She nodded her understanding and got in the driver’s side. At the gate, Tony got out of the car and vanished. The tailing Sedan wasn’t interested in him so naturally didn’t follow him. He quickly went and got my car and returned to the rear of the office. A half hour later, Natasha exited the building and entered the car. “Duck down,” Tony said as they were about to pass the Government Sedan tailing her. The Ford was small so she was forced to put her head in Tony’s lap. He was smiling mischievously as they rounded the building and exited the front gate.
“Can I get up now?” she asked.
“Not yet,” Tony said as he stroked her hair for a few minutes. He exhaled and sadly told her, “Okay…it’s clear.”
She rose and looked at Tony’s mischievous smile and asked “Why are we trying to lose them? This is necessary?”
Tony looked at her in bewilderment. “No, but it’s fun!”
Natasha slapped him playfully on the shoulder and laughed.
“Ouch! That hurt!” he said smiling back at her.
Still laughing she asked, “Well then, where are we going?”
“A friend of mine is overseas for the next five months. He left me the keys to his house to water his plants,” he said as he pulled in the driveway. “Let’s go in.”
The house was typical base style housing with a freshly cut lawn and azalea bushes lining the outside walls. Although not within the confines of the base itself, it was on government owned property. All the houses on that street and the adjacent streets were identical and filled with Navy and Marine families who had spouses either working on the base or deployed abroad. Once inside, Tony kicked his shoes off and sat down.
“What did the Colonel say?” he asked.
“He said you should call him tomorrow morning at 10:00. He said he would like to have a ‘word’ with you. After what we pulled with the surveillance team, I imagine he has a few more words now. I am to pick up your identification and keys tomorrow as well. He did not seem angry like I expected. He muttered that he should be used to this by now. He said that he had assigned one of his agents to get the car and the apartment for me. He does not feel that I am in any danger and I agree. He is required to keep ‘eyes and ears’ on me and that is what he told his agent.” She finished and sat beside Tony.
“He’s probably right. Sometimes, I get carried away and overly cautious with my spy fantasies. We can come here when we need private conversation and use the other place when we want to feed NIS information. It won’t be long before the Colonel finds out about this place. In fact, I’ll probably need to tell him soon. He has people to answer to just like everyone else. I think I’ll call Lt. Mallory and give her the address here. She can give it to those boys in the Sedan. I don’t want them to get into trouble either.” Tony said rambling mostly to himself. “I need to take a nap. Do you mind if I sleep here for a bit? I’ve got some stuff to do tonight and I didn’t get much sleep last night. There isn’t any food in the house. Would you rather I go get some first?” Tony asked knowing he sounded nervous and was talking too much.
“No, that is okay. You go get some sleep. I may take the car out after while if it is alright and get something for us to eat,” she said as she stood up.
“Sure, but wait until your shadows get here,” Tony said as he picked up the phone to call Lt. Mallory. As he passed by Natasha on his way to the bedroom, he ran his hand down the length of her arm. It was electric! He felt every nerve in his hand pulsate. Pulling away reluctantly, he continued to the bedroom. He laid on his side facing the door and closed his eyes but couldn’t get this woman out of his mind. Nearly asleep, he felt the bed move. Opening his eyes, he saw Natasha with her face inches away on his pillow smiling slightly at him. She raised her hand to his cheek and he saw something new in her eyes. He saw peace and contentment. He saw hope and something that else that he was unfamiliar with…a phantom emotion. Were the same feelings showing in his eyes? He certainly felt content but the phantom emotion was unfamiliar. But it was undeniably there. It was fresh and new and anticipation for the future swelled within him. He put his palm to her cheek.
“I have only known you a couple of days but feel like I have known you all my life,” Natasha said in a whisper. “I do not understand.”
Still looking in her eyes, Tony caressed her lips with his thumb, closed his eyes and dreamed.
When he awoke, he heard noise and conversation in the kitchen. With his 9mm clutched in his hand and hidden behind him, he cautiously stepped in and found Natasha standing over the stove and her two shadows sitting at the kitchen table. He relaxed again and slid his firearm into the back waistband of his pants.
Natasha turned as he walked in. “Tony, these are Agents Morris and Donovan. They helped me with my shopping today. Would you like some spaghetti?”
“Absolutely, thank you. Hello, Agents Morris and Donovan. How do you do?” He said formally.
“Better now. We were a bit worried when Miss Duvall gave us the slip earlier though,” Morris said as he squinted his eyes at Tony and smiled.
“Yeah, sorry about that. We were just having some fun.” Tony replied.
“You more than me, I think. I did have to keep my head in your lap for an awfully long time,” she said as the agents muffled their laughter.
“Well, that was absolutely necessary,” Tony replied with a soft laugh of his own. Then he turned his attention back to the agents. “Do you guys work for NIS or the State Department?”
Donovan responded, “State Department. I know Colonel Brandywine, though. If we were in his department and lost our charge, our butts would be in slings right now instead of these chairs. Hopefully, State won’t find out about it.”
Tony and Natasha sat down with the two gentlemen and had a really pleasant Dinner. They let Tony know about the others scheduled to shadow Miss Duvall and their shift schedules.
“Petty Officer Russo, if you don’t mind my asking, why do you not appear on the NIS roster or NAS/NATTC personnel rosters? We tried to identify you but could find no record of you anywhere. You don’t exist. The Colonel told us that you worked for him but only said that you were assigned to Miss Duvall.” Agent Morris asked the question this time.
“Please, call me Tony. The Colonel doctored my files so that I don’t exist, at least not in a conventional sense. He sort of uses me as his lone wolf and sends me out to do special stuff. I go places they can’t go to do things they shouldn’t do. My job definition, or lack of definition rather, allows me to get away with a lot more than his other agents. Technically, I’m not even an agent. As you said, I don’t exist. I really shouldn’t be telling you this since the Colonel didn’t feel the need but we may need each other in the future. It’s your job to watch Sandra and that’s what I want you to do. Not necessarily for the reasons you’re assigned to watch her but instead, primarily to keep her safe.”
The remainder of the evening was really pleasant and cordial. The meal was delicious and the conversation was enjoyable but the agents were to be relieved at 8:00 PM. They needed to contact their relief and give them the new location. Tony wiped his glass clean of fingerprints while everyone was getting up. He suspected the agents might want to run his prints through their data base to get whatever information they could. It really didn’t matter but Tony liked the game. Goodbyes were said and hands were shook and then they were gone. Natasha and Tony were alone again. Without a word, she threw her arms around Tony and kissed him wantonly. It was a passionate kiss that was long and aggressive leaving Tony breathless and weak in the knees. She stopped and pulled back only an inch from his face.
“I’ve wanted to do that since you laid down for your nap,” she said softly.
Tony leaned forward and continued the kiss, gently and slowly yet no less passionate. “I’ve wanted to do that since the moment I first saw you!” Then he picked her up and carried her to the bedroom. Glancing back, he saw his wine glass missing from the table. Government agents are so predictable.
***
When Natasha awoke, Tony was not in the bed. She walked into the living area wearing only his uniform shirt and saw him hunched over the kitchen table with papers spread over the top. Walking around the table, she put her arms around him and kissed him on the top of the head.
“What are you doing, Darling?” she asked in a whisper.
“I’m just looking over the flight schedules and paths for the P-3 Orion’s. Colonel Brandywine sent them to me. Look at this map. Even if the flight information is known, there is very little chance of a submarine infiltrating. There’s just too much overlap. With the Orion’s MADD, Magnetic Anomaly Detection Device, operating at only minimum range, nearly every inch of the Gulf is covered at all times. But the exact location of our aircraft would be known so the only real threat would be from enemy aircraft or long range surface to air missiles in a pre-emptive attack. That’s not likely with the current Soviet/American relationship. I think this isn’t really a security problem. It’s just a mole hunt. Still, I have a plan to alleviate Washington’s worries until we find the mole. If we simply deviate from the printed schedule by ten kilometers west, we would still cover the area. Any leaked schedules would be inaccurate. Only the pilots and the controllers need to be aware of the change. I’m certain our mole isn’t in the control tower. Getting the information leaked out has to be happening before the actual flights take place. Otherwise, what’s the point?” Tony paused for a moment and looked up at Natasha. “Sorry, I’m rambling. How are you?”
Natasha again bent down to kiss him. She had no idea what was happening to her. She had never fallen for someone so quickly. Tony felt the same. He had never fallen for anyone at all before.
“Would you not like to go back to bed now and get some sleep?” she said with a mischievous grin.
“Sleep? I would like to go back to bed but sleep is not what I have in mind!” Tony said as a mischievous sneer crossed his face and he stood taking Natasha in his arms. “There’s a television in the bedroom. Maybe Star Trek is on!”
“Okay, you watch TV! We will see how long it keeps your interest!”


Chapter 3: Ensign Hot-Body
***
The following day, Natasha went to propose Tony’s plan to the Colonel and pick up his new identification papers and keys. Tony called the Colonel but didn’t get the spanking that he had expected. Brandywine just said he knew what he was getting himself into when he recruited Tony.
That night, Tony went to the flight control office to place Jonathan Smyth’s transfer orders in the Lieutenant Commander’s office and to take a look at the personnel files. This was the same building that Kroger, Oslo, and I had seen when during our tour of the runway from atop the spinning light tower. It was as quiet as I had told him it was. There was no guard at the doors and security was virtually nonexistent. There was one watchmen on duty that made rounds every fifteen minutes like clockwork and it was easily eluded. Security at the gate going to the airfield was very rigid. Tony guessed the powers to be didn’t think any further security was necessary. They were wrong. Tony got in without going through the gates. The Soviets didn’t even need a mole, just a decent cat burglar.
Anyway, a couple of files did peak his interest. Ensign Hot-body had access to the pilfered information but nothing in her files showed any motive or association with anyone undesirable. One file did catch his eye. The name on the file was Manuel Duarte. That was the name of the bully that had pushed me down a hill in the sixth grade. Tony had confronted later and put him to the ground.
 “What are the chances that me, Levi, and a bully from our elementary school would all end up at the same place at the same time six hundred miles from home a decade later?” Tony asked aloud. The name was too uncommon for it to be anyone else. He looked closer at the file. Duarte didn’t seem to have much of a history at all with no mention of South Carolina. It was as if his file had been manufactured…but by whom? Brandywine would have told him if he had someone on the inside. Possibly Duarte himself had doctored them but he shouldn’t have access to these files. Only Lt. Commander Breckenridge, Ensign Daniels (Hot-body), the Personnel Administrator (Kroger’s girlfriend) and maybe one or two others should have keys to the file cabinet. Duarte was to be Tony’s prime target to start. “This should be a breeze,” he again spoke out loud.
***
“Petty Officer Smyth, come into my office please!” said Lt. Commander Breckenridge.
“Aye-Aye Sir!” Tony was a bit apprehensive for some reason. The Lt. Commander seemed like a nice enough guy but appeared to be more of an administrative bureaucrat than a military Officer. This made Tony uneasy. He thought of them as politicians and he didn’t trust politicians…at all.
“Have a seat Smyth. I’m not real sure why you were transferred here. I haven’t sent in a request for additional personnel nor do I need any. But you’re here so I'll have you assist Ensign Daniels with her duties. I warn you, however, she is a stickler for detail and tends to do everything herself rather than let a mistake be made. If you smoke, you’ll have plenty of time to do it. Good luck and welcome aboard.” Breckenridge then stood and shuffled some papers signifying the interview was over.
“Thank you sir,” Tony stood and came to attention, did an about face and left the room smiling. Free time was exactly what he needed to do his job. He had been worried that he would be so smothered with his duties as Yeoman that he would have little time for anything else. Working with Ensign Hot-body was going to be fun. Walking to her office, he remembered watching her by the pool. He hoped she hadn’t noticed him there. It could complicate things.
“Ensign H…Daniels? I’m Petty Officer Jonathan Smyth. Lt. Commander Breckenridge assigned me to assist you.” Tony cringed at his inadvertent slip with her name. It would be unfortunate to start out their relationship using his nickname for her. He suspected she might take offense. She could possibly be flattered but, then again, she might not.
Ensign Daniels looked up from her desk and pulled her birth control glasses down to the tip of her nose like an English teacher. The glasses the Navy issued were called ‘birth control’ glasses by the Sailors because they guaranteed that whoever wore them wasn’t ever going to get laid. Even with the glasses, she was extremely attractive. She was about 5’ 7” with a slim build and short blonde hair. Without the glasses, she was a total knockout. “Didn’t I see you at the Officer’s pool last week?” she asked.
“Shit!” Tony said under his breath. “Yes. I was a guest of Lt. Harris,” Tony said quickly, hoping she didn’t know a Lt. Harris.
“I see. Well, I don’t really need any help but I’ll show you around and you can get familiar with office protocol.” she said while flashing a picture perfect smile.
***
The next few days, Tony familiarized himself with the organization and watched everything. The only thing amiss that he noticed was that Ensign Hot-body kept putting the flight schedules into her outbox instead of Breckenridge’s office where it would stay locked up overnight. Why? He wasn’t sure. When he removed the schedules and placed them in the correct place before closing hours, she would always place them back in her outbox. Maybe she was the leak. The following morning, she would put them in the proper box in his office to await approval. He realized that he needed to watch overnight and see what happens to the schedules while in her outbox. He found a cozy hiding spot behind a stack of boxes and settled in for the night. Before he had even gotten comfortable, an airman entered the room pushing a cleaning trolley. It was Manuel Duarte. ‘Could this be the same person that I defended Levi against?’ Tony asked himself again. It's a very uncommon name. The chances of running into him after all these years so far from home were astronomical. Tony would have to see him up close before he could be sure and just hope Duarte didn't recognize him. From his file, Tony had learned that Airman Duarte had volunteered to work flight control. He was a clerk. Why he was pulling janitorial duty at night was unknown to Tony but…none the less…there he was. Duarte went through the motions of emptying the trash and cleaning the floors then stopped at the outbox containing the flight schedules. He removed a tiny silver box from his dungarees and began taking pictures of each page of the report. “Gotcha!” thought Tony. But what happens now? What does Duarte do with the pictures? Tony needed to get to get to know Duarte better. Something just didn’t feel right. Although he had only known Ensign Hot-body a very short while, he had a feeling she would not knowingly commit treason. Duarte…he didn’t know at all. There must be someone else. Someone was pulling the strings and making these marionettes perform. Of course it was The Dutchman…but how? What did he have on these two people?
***
“Ensign Daniels, may I have a word with you privately?” Tony said as he walked into her office the next day. He had thought about it a great deal and came to no logical reason to exclude Ensign Marcy Daniels from his list of treasonous conspirators. Except one thing…his gut. He had to follow his instincts. Marcy Daniels was not duplicitous.
“Certainly, Jonathan. I asked you to call me Marcy. Have you forgotten?” she reminded him.
“No. It’s just military habit. Sorry.” Looking at Marcy, Tony reaffirmed his belief that there was no way that she would commit treason. He has always been a great judge of people and could tell when someone is going to lie even before they begin to speak. He again took into consideration that he may be blinded by her beauty and congeniality but discounted it. He would trust her. “Marcy, what I am about to tell you is secret and goes no further than you.” he said and waited for her response. 
Marcy nodded her agreement. 
“I work for NIS. I'm curious as to why you keep putting flight schedules where they can be accessed at night.”
Ensign Daniel’s looked stunned and confused. “You work for NIS? Then you should know why I do it. NIS gave me instructions to do it! Airman Duarte works for NIS and said it was necessary to catch some kind of mole or something. He showed me identification papers and everything. Where are your credentials?” she said growing indignant.
Tony thought a moment then spoke. “Calm down Marcy. May I use you phone? I have no papers but we can clear this up easily.”
Tony picked up the phone and began disassembling it to check for wire taps. It was clean. Then he rang Colonel Brandywine. After a short explanation of how Ensign Daniels was being duped, he asked the Colonel if he could bring her on board and read her in. The Colonel spoke to her but wanted to meet her first to make his own assessment.
“I trust her Colonel. She’s telling the truth.” Tony affirmed.
“I’ll send a car for her,” said the Colonel.
“Not a Sedan, Colonel. Perhaps Lt. Mallory could pick her up,” Then Tony cupped the phone and whispered into it saying “I want to keep my cover intact. Tell Mallory not to use my real name.”
Marcy stood peering out the window, still speechless. She couldn’t stop thinking. How could she be so easily fooled into treason? What would happen to her?
“Jonathan, I didn’t know!” she said softly as she broke down weeping.
“I know,” he said as he took her in his arms and comforted her. “Don’t worry. We’ll fix this!”
After Ensign Daniels departure, he picked the phone back up and called the Colonel again. “Colonel, I didn’t want to have this conversation with Daniels in the room but I want to stay on the case a bit longer. Airman Manuel Duarte is the mole inside this office and I have a plan to get him to lead me to The Dutchman.”
“Go ahead. You are Jonathan Smyth for as long as you need to be. One more thing, did you think to check the phone for listening devices?” said the Colonel as if baiting him.
“Yes, sir, in fact, there is a listening device. That's how I'm able to hear you.”
Brandywine laughed and said, “Very funny. Goodbye, Jonathan.”
***
Ensign Marcy Daniels was in very good spirits when she returned from NIS headquarters. Tony wasn’t sure what the Colonel had told her but it must have been something good. She wasn’t glowing but neither was she a basket case anymore.
When they returned to her office, she told Tony, “I am ordered to assist you in any way I can. I will have to resign my commission but that’s better than a court’s martial. I was planning to resign soon anyway. Colonel Brandywine was impressed with me, I think, thanks to you. He said he may be able to line me up a job in a private security firm that he deals with. Anyway, tell me what I can do for you Jonathan. Anything you want, I‘ll do it”
That opened so many perverted doors for Tony but none that he wanted to pass through anymore. Wow! Has Natasha already had that great an effect on him? This is so new. Okay Tony, get your mind back on the job. He thought for a moment. The truth was that he had lied to the Colonel. He had no plan at all. He needed to get Duarte to trust him. Duarte was pretending to be an NIS agent but wasn’t. Duarte thought that Marcy thought he was an agent. Tony needed to get Duarte to think that Marcy didn’t trust Jonathan. Then, if Duarte thinks Jonathan can be turned, he may approach him with an offer. It was just warped enough to make sense to Tony.
“Okay, Marcy. I want you to let Duarte think that you don’t trust me. I don’t care what you tell him as long as he thinks that I am not on the proper side of the law. I also want you to hand over responsibility for the flight schedules to me. Duarte may not understand why, but hopefully he won't think about it too much.” Tony paused for a moment then altered his instructions. “Actually, tell him Breckenridge ordered it. You said that you were planning to resign soon. Let him think I am to be your replacement. When he approaches me as I suspect he will, he will not do it as a NIS agent,” Tony said as he took in a deep breath.
“But why don’t you just arrest him?”
“I want to find the man to whom he’s delivering the information. He takes photographs of the documents then takes the film to someone. I want to catch that man. Duarte is just a pawn.”


Chapter 4: Cheers
***
“Hi, Clarence. How have you been doing?” Tony asked as he walked up on the fairly well dressed homeless man living below the streets of Memphis. Clarence was in his fifties and really took to Tony. He was well read and very well educated. They had first met when Tony was rooting through the Memphis underground. Tony introduced himself as Jean Val jean and Clarence picked up the reference immediately. Clarence had helped Tony identify many of the drug dealers and users that were using the tunnels for trafficking. When NIS and the Memphis Police Department raided the underground, all of them were rounded up and the decent homeless people felt safe again. Most of them chose to live down below the city. It’s what they called home.
“If it isn’t Mr. Jean Val jean as I live and breathe. I haven’t seen you since you cleared all the scum and criminals out of my humble abode.” Clarence stood and hugged Tony then slapped him hard on the shoulder.
“Well, I didn’t get all the criminals out. You’re still here,” Tony said as he returned the shoulder slap.
“Why are you back here slumming with the likes of me? You didn’t steal another loaf of bread, did you?” Clarence laughed at his own joke and sat back down on his mildewed cushion. He offered Tony a seat on a milk crate.
“Do I need a reason to visit you, Clarence? Can’t this just be a friendly visit? I brought you something,” Tony said pulling out two bottles of Mad Dog 20/20.
“My Man!” Clarence was smiling broadly now with a glint in his eyes. “Want some?”
“No, thank you. I haven’t drank that stuff since the seventh grade. It tasted better when I was throwing it up than when I was swallowing it. I brought a little bottle of Scotch. If you’d rather drink like a civilized person, you can have some.”
“No thanks! I had enough of being civilized when I was a teacher at the university way back when,” he answered. Clarence always liked to mention that he was once an educator. At one time, twenty years ago, he was head of the History Department at Memphis State University. After his wife left him for one of his students and bankrupted him, he just quit life. He had a considerable library at that time and, much of it, he took with him under the city. During his tenure at Memphis State, he had amassed a great deal of information about the construction of the town. He had maps of every known tunnel under the city. Most were sewer and utility tunnels but some were built to escape the shelling of General Grant’s army during the Civil War. There were even natural caves and shafts that riddled the area. Clarence now resided in one of the shelters created during the war. It was carved out of solid rock and was about the size of a two car garage. Drawings made by children hiding from Union artillery still adorned the rock walls. The largest being a rendition of a cotton clad gun boat.
“Well Clarence, there’s two things I would like to help me with. First, I would like to borrow some maps for the tunnel systems from the edge of the river to about a thousand meters inland. You know that old abandoned bar just to the north on Mudd Island. There’s rumored to be a tunnel under it. I want to know if that’s true and if it is, where that tunnel leads.” Tony paused to see Clarence’s response. He just nodded.
“Secondly, I want you to pass along some disinformation. If there is a tunnel under that old bar, I want you to spread the word that a new bad guy is in town. Give my name and the bar as my address. I’ll be acting like I’m renovating it but that’s just be a front. Now, I need you to be sure to repeat my name. Stress my name. That is what I need to bring my pigeon close. Can you do that?”
“You want me to spread the word that Jean Val jean is living in a bar?” Clarence was smiling. He anticipated finally knowing this crazy, young man’s real name.
“Not exactly! You’ve been waiting for this a long time. Haven’t you, Clarence? Tell them Tony Russo is back in town. I’ve never lived in this town before but it has a nice ‘Mack the Knife’ sound to it. Don’t you think?”
Clarence laughed.
“I thought you’d appreciate that one. Well, what do you think? Can you help me? I don’t want you to do anything that will put yourself in danger. Pass the information off to some people that you know and trust and let them pass it on to those less wholesome. Understand?” Tony didn’t have to wait long for a reply.
“Of course, my old friend. I can help you find the maps you need in a moment. I know just the person to sprinkle your name to. For now, let’s relax and enjoy our repast.” Clarence reclined against the wall and took a drink of his vile wine.
“Don’t sprinkle my name. Splash it!” Tony sat back and listened to Chopin playing on what appeared to be a seventy year old phonograph player. “How did you get electricity in here?” Tony asked while looking around the cavern.
***
A few days later, Tony met Duarte formally for the first time. He had bumped into him here and there to see if Duarte would recognize him from elementary school. Duarte had changed considerably but still had the same short stocky build and the same brownish birth mark on his chin. Tony was certain after the first brief encounter with him that his identity was safe but never had a viable reason to strike up a conversation. At noon that day, Ensign Daniels introduced Jonathan Smyth as her interim replacement. At first, Airman Duarte looked startled and worried like he was about to lose his ‘cash cow’. To him, Jonathan Smyth didn’t look like he would fall for the NIS story. They shook hands and stared into each other’s eyes trying to gauge one another.
“This job is usually given to Officers. How did you get this assignment?” Duarte asked probing for information.
“I was an Officer in Diego. I was busted down to a Petty Officer for questionable practices.” Jonathan replied giving Duarte as little information as possible. Jonathan had added a ‘page thirteen’ to his file shortly after coming up with his ‘details free’ plan. The term ’questionable practices’ was ambiguous enough to allow Tony to make up anything he needed to in order gain Duarte’s trust.
“What did you get busted for?” asked Duarte.
Jonathan didn’t respond. He just stared at Duarte with an ‘I’m not telling’ smile.
“I get it! It’s none of my business! Hey, do you want to go have a couple of beers after work?” Airman Duarte asked.
“Sure!” Jonathan replied. He knew he had hooked his fish with barely any bait on the hook.
***
They went to a seedy local bar after work. A long string of Motor cycles lined the entrance on both sides. A tattooed giant was urinating on the side of the gray, dilapidated building while using one hand to hold the wall up. This setting wasn’t really what Jonathan had expected from an information broker’s lackey. He expected a white collar criminal to hang out in a white collar setting. This gave him the indication that perhaps information was not the only currency being bartered. Once inside, Tony gazed over the sad refuse of drunken ne'er do wells. Finding a seat at the rear, Duarte waved to a halter topped waitress. After a few beers, Jonathan started acting tipsy and talkative.
“Are you my friend, Duarte?” Jonathan asked.
“Of course I am, Smyth! Please, call me Manuel. My close friends call me Manny,” replied Duarte thinking that he had caught his fish.
“Thanks, Manny! My friends call me Jonathan. I want to share a secret with you. I was busted for being stupid,” Jonathan said overly stressing the word stupid.
“What do you mean, Jonathan?” Duarte asked.
“I worked directly under the Captain of the base in San Diego, Captain Basil. I was basically just his flunky and ran a lot of errands delivering messages and documents here and there. It turned out that many of those documents were classified and delivered to people without the security clearance to have them. I didn’t even have the clearance to deliver them. Anyhow, I delivered one of those documents to an undercover NIS agent. I got busted and the Captain disavowed any knowledge of it. In order to keep it out of the public record, the Captain made a deal with NIS to banish me here with a reduction in rank and pay. I am supposed to tell no one under penalty of courts martial for treason. I know Captain Basil was just covering his ass but I believe he may have been committing treason himself. It doesn’t matter. I have no future in the Navy now. This is a secret, Manny! You can’t tell anyone, okay!” Jonathan said as he brought his finger to his lips. He knew there was no way for anyone to check out the story about the Captain so he wasn’t worried about that. He just hoped that he acted well enough to be convincing.
“Your secret is safe with me, Jonathan! I actually thought you were going to tell me about you being gay!” Duarte said, thinking he held all the cards. He could ask Jonathan to help him and if Jonathan didn’t, he could blackmail him into it. “I have a secret for you, Jonathan,” Duarte said with a ‘cat that ate the canary’ smile.
“Wait a minute…I’m gay? What are you talking about?” Jonathan replied in total confusion.
“Ensign Daniels told me that you were gay and to keep it secret. I’m not sure she really understands what the word secret means or she wouldn’t have told me. I know you could get drummed out of the service for it so I promise I won’t tell.”
Jonathan sat there flabbergasted for a moment then realized how perfect it was. He had asked Daniels to make up something that would help gain Duarte’s trust. By telling him that Jonathan was gay, she had given Duarte immediate blackmail currency. Duarte didn’t need to trust Jonathan. He could just use him as he wanted. It was absolutely brilliant and Jonathan hated that he hadn’t thought of it. Daniels had a real knack for this stuff…absolutely brilliant. Jonathan realized he wouldn’t have had to make up all that other crap if he had known earlier that he was gay.
“As I was saying, I have a secret too!” Duarte repeated.
“Well, before you tell me anything, you need to know that NIS has an operative assigned to me. I actually met him when I arrived here. He just wanted me to be aware of the situation. He is actually an incredibly good looking man. He is tan and muscular. Not too muscular but just perfect. He said his name was Tony Russo. Spank me and cover me with jam. He is hot!” Jonathan said with a broad smile, knowing he was actually talking about himself. He was trying to sound gay and that did sound pretty gay. Revealing Tony to Duarte as an agent was part of the plan. He wanted the Dutchman to hear about Tony Russo on the streets as a bad guy and hear that Tony Russo was an NIS agent from Duarte. Jonathan somehow needs to let Duarte know that Tony Russo is specifically targeting the Dutchman. If the Dutchman thinks Tony Russo is trying to set up a ‘sting’ operation to catch him, then the Dutchman will think he has the upper hand since Tony’s cover is blown. There were other nuances and variables in play but they were mere details and subject to change. The most important detail was that Tony had to make the Dutchman mad somehow. He hadn’t figured out how yet and was kind of making this up as he went along. Hopefully after making the Dutchman mad, he would come at Tony full force with guns blazing. Tony would be ready for him.
“Well, NIS agents don’t worry me. I work for a man that has his fork in every pie in the area. He buys and sells information, guns, drugs, you name it he deals it. This is a secret, Jonathan! I’m only telling you because I trust you and can use your help.” Duarte said deceptively. He didn’t really trust Jonathan. He didn’t need to trust him. He had real ammunition if Jonathan ever crossed him…at least he thought he did.
“I’m not getting involved in drugs but I’ll help you if I can. My career is already ruined and I need the money. How much money are we talking about?” Jonathan asked innocently.
Duarte smiled and said, “I’ll let you know! I‘ll contact the Dutchman and…”
“Did you say the Dutchman?” Jonathan interrupted.
“Yes, why?” said Duarte.
“I overheard a conversation between Tony Russo and another agent when he met me at the airport. I didn’t hear what they were saying but I did hear Russo say ‘The Dutchman’ several times,” Jonathan said baiting the hook a little bit more.
“Really?”
***
“Honey, I’m home!” Tony said as he walked into the living room. Tony and Natasha were living together now and spent every nonworking hour in each other’s arms.
“Hey baby! Where have you been? I was getting worried,” said Natasha as she put her arms around his neck and kissed him softly.
“I was having a few beers with our mole. It seems his employer is involved in much more than information brokering. He’s a real scumbag. It’ll be a real pleasure arresting him,” Tony said with anticipation. “Tell me…what has my tsarina been up to today?”
“Not much really. I did go see the Colonel today. He wanted to know what progress you are making but I really did not know. I felt a little stupid. The Colonel said for me not to take it personally. He said you never tell him what is going on either. He wants you to give him a call tomorrow.”
“I really don’t want him to know what I’m about to do. He won’t let me do it. He lets me do a lot more stuff when he doesn’t know that I‘m doing it. But I do need money so I guess I’ll have to tell him something. I’ll give him a call in the morning. Now tell me more about your day!” Tony was genuinely interested. He missed her throughout the day and wished he could spend more time with her. Spending time at the office was boring and he spent most of his time thinking about her while watching the clock. It made for a long day.
“Like I said, I did not do a lot. I just sat around wishing you were here. It is so boring just watching television or reading. It is not real easy to read. I speak English well enough but have not quite mastered reading it yet. Oh yes, I got a message from my brother today. He wanted to know how things were going for me. I told him about us. I did not think it pleased him. I made some dinner but I have already eaten. Are you hungry?” She got up to go into the kitchen but Tony stopped her.
“I’ll get it. Tell me more about your brother. Does he know who in Russia is purchasing the flight data from the Dutchman?” Tony asked as he walked towards the kitchen.
“No, he does not know yet. He has to be very careful and discreet. It is very confusing and dangerous in Russia right now. He cannot trust anyone except father. But I suppose he is making some headway.” Natasha was looking at the floor when Tony walked back in.
“What’s wrong, babe?” Tony inquired.
“Nothing. I just worry about the future,” she said in a sad voice.
“Don’t worry. Everything will work out somehow. I want you to stay in America with me but I know the complications in that. Like you said, someday soon Russia will be opened up to the West. If I take my time catching the Dutchman then maybe we can keep you here until Russia becomes a democracy.”
Natasha put her palm on Tony’s cheek and turned his face towards hers. Then she put her other palm on his other cheek and looked deeply into his eyes. “You do know I love you, Tony?” she said ever so softly.
Tony looked at her thoughtfully. He had never been told that and actually believed it. He did now. “I know! I love you too, Tsarina!” Tony said knowing for the first time what the word ‘love’ meant. He set his plate on the coffee table and took her in his arms. “Everything will be all right. I promise you.” Then he kissed her softly and felt love coursing from his body to hers and from hers to his. His fingertips tingled as they brushed against her face. She embraced Tony and their legs entwined. Tony couldn’t seem to hold her close enough. He felt as if they were a single person…two hearts beating as one. Tony always thought that saying was so cliche but now he understood it. He thought about what it would mean to him if she had to leave the country and couldn’t bear the thought. She had come to mean so much to him. He couldn’t breathe without her. He never thought that he could care so much for one person. From the first day that he had known her, he had loved her…though he hadn’t admitted it then. It was as if his soul and hers were joined by some unseen force. To imagine separation caused him unthinkable sadness. Tony wanted to spend his life with this woman and couldn’t imagine anything else. Three weeks earlier, he would never have considered that it was even possible for him to feel this way. Love had just taken him by surprise. Hell, ‘love’ was something he only ever said when playing tennis or if whatever girl he was about to have sex with started to change her mind. Now, he couldn’t imagine being with anyone other than Natasha. ‘How could I have changed so much in such a short time,’ he thought.
***
The next day, Tony called Colonel Brandywine to ask him for money. He had never asked for much before but this time he needed to lease that old abandoned bar at the north side of town. It did, in fact, have a tunnel under it which led under the city and out to the river. He just needed to sell the idea to Brandywine.
“Hi, Colonel! How are you?” Tony said courteously.
“I’m doing well, Ton...Corporal Smyth. Are you on a secure line?” said the Colonel.
“Yes, sir! Colonel, I’m sending Miss Duvall with a written report of my progress so far. Right now, however, I need money to lease an old bar on the north side of town. It’s isolated from any other structures and is perfect for surveillance and propagating unwholesome activities. The details are in the report.
“How much are you talking about?”
“About $10,000 to lease the bar for six months and another $5000 for cameras and electronic devices to record evidence for the courts. Also, I want to make it look like I’m renovating the place so I’ll need some construction crap. That should be enough to give the illusion that I’m going for,” Tony said knowing he was only naming a portion of the true expenditures. Explosives and incendiaries were needed for his fall back plan. He had thought of pilfering some ordinance from the Marines that had trained him but thought it an unnecessary risk. The explosives could be traced back to the base and that would open a whole different can of worms.
“Okay, that shouldn’t be a problem but let me read your report first. Send Miss Duvall here today. Anything else?” said Colonel Brandywine.
He seemed a bit more accommodating than Tony had expected. Tony thought he would go out on a limb a bit. “Can I have a car, Colonel?”
“I’ll see if we have anything nondescript in the motor pool.”
“Colonel, are you feeling okay?” Tony asked bewildered by the Colonel's unusual conciliatory behavior.
Brandywine laughed. “Yes, I’m fine Russo but don’t get used to getting what you want.”
“Aye Aye, sir!”
“Tony, one more thing. I almost forgot. I checked into Airman Duarte’s phone records. He has made quite a few calls to Great Lakes. He used the military communications link which isn’t very smart. I want you to check it out before you start your bar operation. It may be nothing but I want to cut off all the tentacles of this Dutchman character.”
“Yes, sir! I can go to Great Lakes this weekend. And thanks for the car dad,” Tony said hanging up the phone.
“Natasha…wake up! The Colonel wants you to write a report for him!” Tony yelled back to the bedroom.
*** 
That weekend, Tony and I drove up to Great Lakes Naval Base. Tony made contact with the Corpsman that Duarte had sent him to meet. Corpsman Stanton was a skinny, average looking man with very little to distinguish him.
“Corpsman Stanton, I’m Petty Officer Jonathan Smyth. I believe Airman Duarte told you I was coming,” Tony said as he walked into the infirmary and handed him a manila folder. It had occurred to Tony after he left the Colonel’s office that he could just let Duarte know he was going to ‘Great Mistakes'. He might give Jonathan something to deliver or a contact to make. He did indeed. Sometimes, Tony surprised himself with how smart he was. Duarte gave him a manila folder to deliver and a name. Tony opened the folder and copied the contents. It was a list of prescription drugs presumably to be pilfered and sold on the streets. It was just too easy! Most of the calls on the list that the Colonel had given to him had come from this phone in the infirmary. It still wasn’t enough to prosecute. Tony didn’t want that to happen anyway. He didn’t want a bust so soon after his visit. It could compromise his cover. Tony’s recommendation was to have Stanton transferred until charges could be formally raised. Without wasting time, he began tracking down the other phone numbers on the list. One thought haunted his mind. “Natasha is waiting for me!”


Chapter 5: Treasure Hunt
***
When he began renovating the bar, Natasha insisted on helping. He hadn’t wanted to take the chance of anyone seeing her with him but she was unflappable. Tony had been able to purchase quite a bit of explosives and incendiaries from Duarte of all people. He told Duarte that it was for some militia friends of his. Tony thought it to be poetic justice that the Dutchman’s men may be undone by munitions that were supplied by the Dutchman himself.
Tony also had an angle on how to draw the Dutchman out. Duarte had told him about a warehouse in South Memphis that the Dutchman stored his contraband. Duarte said that over five hundred kilos of marijuana, and fifty kilos of cocaine, as well as guns and munitions were stored there at any given moment. Tony’s initial plan was to torch the place and make it look like he had stolen some of the merchandise prior to burning the warehouse. The Dutchman should come after him with guns blazing. But he wasn’t ready yet. He still had a lot to do before he torched the warehouse. Hopefully, a good amount of contraband would still be stored there when he got around to it.
***
His first task was to find the tunnel entrance that led under the city and the tunnel out to the river. It was to be his escape route if the poop hit the fan. The bar had been abandoned for some time and debris virtually filled the entire basement. Once he had most of that cleared away and out on the curb for the trash collectors, he stood staring at the walls. Although they were covered in years of cobwebs and dust, he could tell a slight difference in some of the bricks. Every brick on each of the four walls were elongated and smooth except for this one doorway shaped space. Those bricks were normal sized, rough, and textured.
Looking down on the floor in front of him, he saw an apron covered in dust with dried concrete stuck to it. He bent to pick it up and as he touched it, the lights suddenly dimmed. Light was no longer coming from overhead but from a lantern in the corner. Cases of whiskey and kegs of beer cluttered the floor and the place smelled like stale beer. Then he saw movement in the eerie shadows in front of him. A gray haired gentleman was laying brick, closing the entrance to a tunnel. The man looked remarkably like Samuel Clemens but dressed in turn of the century garb and appeared to be a bartender. He was wearing the white apron that Tony was holding only moments before.
“Why are you closing the tunnel?” Tony asked startling the old guy.
The old man jumped. “Where did you come from? You nearly scared me to death!” he said as he clutched his chest.
“I don’t know. I’m just here. Why are you blocking up the tunnel?” asked Tony again.
“I’m tired of those crazy treasure hunters breaking into my place to get into the tunnel. Every week or two, I have to replace a window pane or a door lock; not to mention a few bottles of whiskey, cuz some young whippersnappers thinks they can find gold. Or they come up through the tunnel into my basement and help themselves to my whiskey. Either way, I end up losing my liquor,” said the old guy as he flailed his hands about.
“Why do they think they can find gold? Excuse me. I do apologize, sir. I have forgotten my manners. My name is Tony Russo. It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance, sir!” Tony said using his most Southern gentlemanly accent as he reached out to shake the old guy’s hand.
The old guy grumbled and said, “I’m Captain Stephen Johnston. Formerly of the Navy of the Confederate States of America. Well, it wasn’t really much of a Navy but that’s what we called it. Fought against Farragut and Grant forty odd years ago. I still use the title cuz I took a shine to it. Everyone is a mister but not everyone was a Captain. You sure are dressed strange! Where are you from, boy?”
“Originally from South Carolina but spent my teen years in North Carolina,” Tony said proudly.
“South Carolina, eh? You boys sure get yourselves in a lot of trouble down there. Get yourselves knee deep in every fight this country has ever had. Started the Civil War pretty much all by yourselves and dragged all of us in with you. Well, I reckon that’s not true but it easier to blame someone else. If we had won, I imagine every Southern State would try and take credit.” Captain Johnston chuckled. “Now what was your question again?”
“Why do people think they can find gold in the tunnels?”
“That‘s right! That was your question. Well, right about the middle of the war, the Confederate government got together all the gold and silver that it could muster and loaded it on a gunboat…the CSS Arkansas. Most of it had to come across the country by land to the river since the Yanks had the ocean ports bottled up pretty good. The Yanks had control of New Orleans but it wasn’t blockaded from English, French, and Spanish ships. The Yanks let them come and go as they pleased. Anyhow, their plan was to smuggle out the gold and silver to buy the favors of Spain. We were already courtin’ England but that didn’t appear to be goin’ nowhere. Anyhow, they had all this treasure loaded up and headed down to New Orleans to meet up with this Spanish flotilla. Spain would recognize the South as an independent country and would give military support. I don’t really know all the details of that. Not really sure how all that diplomacy stuff works but I don’t think the politicians in Richmond did much none either to tell the truth. Anyways, they sent this ironclad down the river loaded slap full of gold and silver but the shipment never made it past the riverboat docks in Memphis. The Arkansas crashed into the docks at Vicksburg down river without the gold. Not a living soul was on board. It was a ghost ship I reckon you might say. The Captain and First Officer were found murdered on the gun deck. All the Sailors were gone and so was the treasure. Folks speculated that the Sailors took it into these tunnels and buried it somewhere. The Confederates searched the area but neither the men or nor the treasure was ever seen again. I personally think they took what they could carry and skedaddled, probably burying the rest. I don’t know. I’ve spent forty years goin’ back and forth to the river. If there ever was any treasure in these tunnels, it sure isn’t there anymore,” the Captain said with an oddly devious smile and one raised eyebrow. Tony briefly wondered what the smile meant but let it go.
“How much gold and silver was supposed to have been on the gunboat?”
***
“Who are you talking to, baby?” Natasha asked as she brushed cobwebs from her hair. She had just arrived with her two shadows in tow.
Startled, Tony turned around and was brought back to the present. He looked back towards the wall and saw the old man was gone and his wall job finished…eighty years ago! He smiled and said, “I was just talking to myself and daydreaming a bit! Hi sweetheart. How’s it going Agent Donovan…Agent Morris? I hope Sandy isn’t making y’all hold her purse while she shops.”
“It’s always a pleasure with her. This is the best assignment I’ve ever had!” said Donovan.
“Me too! Miss Duvall is absolutely delightful. I hope this mission never ends!” Morris said smiling at Natasha.
“Sandy, I believe I am letting these boys spend way too much time with you. They’re becoming admirers. Can’t say that I blame them. Stand back for a moment and cover your eyes, sweetie!”
“Okay, thanks for the warning,” Donovan stepped back.
“I meant my other sweetie,” Tony replied.
“Sure,” Morris covered his eyes.
Tony muffled his laugh. Picking up a sledgehammer, he mumbled under his breath, “My apologies, Captain Johnston but I find it quite necessary to undo all your hard work.” He swung into the brick wall. The old bricks and concrete crumbled as if made of chalk. Within minutes, a hole large enough to step through was made giving light to the darkness beyond.
“How would you guys like to go exploring.” Tony said with a childlike anticipation. “They are a couple of flashlights in my bag up stairs. Could you get those for me, Morris? And lock the doors too while you’re up there please, Thank you.” Tony stepped into the darkness and waited for his eyes to adjust. It was pitch black. Only a few shadows could be seen. Tony reached up to the roof and around the walls to get a feel for his surroundings. When Morris returned with the flashlights, Tony shined light on walls that hadn’t seen any illumination in eighty years. Looking down, he was glad he hadn’t tried to take a step in the darkness. On his left was a steep staircase chiseled out of the rock. He couldn’t see beyond about twenty feet where the stairs turned sharply to the right. “Sandy, would you care to join me?” he asked as he extended his elbow towards her. “Donovan and Morris, If you would be so kind as to cover the rear we will proceed with all due caution. Just be mindful of whose rear you are paying attention to, gentlemen.”
“Why are you talking so strange?” asked Natasha.
“Just caught up in the romance of my Southern heritage, my dear! Eloquence and hospitality are the mark of a true Southern gentleman, ma’am,” he said with pride. Actually he couldn’t seem to stop. It was the way he had been raised and taught. He didn’t lose the accent until after he had become somewhat worldly. His accent often changed involuntarily depending on to whom he was speaking. It seemed that throughout his life he had always conformed to his environment. When with a certain ethnic group, he would speak like them and act like them. It was like when a chameleon changes colors to blend in and become invisible to predators and prey alike. But this Southern persona was his real identity, one in which he took great pride.
“I’m afraid the stairs are quite narrow. We’ll have to proceed single file,” Tony said as he took the first step. The space was very confined. The three men had to crouch in order to keep their heads from banging the ceiling. The steps themselves were smaller a man’s foot and were overly steep. They found it easier to walk down sideways. Around the first bend, Tony pointed his light further down the shaft and saw there was yet another turn.
“How deep does this go?” Natasha asked.
“Well, the bar is a good hundred feet above the level of the river so it has to go about that deep,” Tony responded.
“Why would anyone dig down that far hoping to get to the river?” Natasha asked.
Tony looked around at the rock walls and saw that very little was actually carved. Most of the shaft was naturally formed. “I’m guessing that this fissure already existed and somebody just chipped away the excess and made steps. There are many faults running along the Mississippi known as the New Madrid Fault Zone. In the early eighteen hundreds there was a massive earthquake that shook the whole area severely. Witnesses said that the Mississippi River even ran backwards for a time. This tunnel and the one father down may be part of that fault system.”
“Can we forgo the geology lesson and get moving again?” Morris said with a snicker.
“My apologies sir. I beg forgiveness for trying to educate you. I imagine many have tried before with little success,” Tony said with a smile.
As the four of them made their way down, a certain rhythm was acquired. With Tony in the lead holding Natasha’s left hand and Morris behind her holding her right hand, the three bounded down the steep steps like the moving parts of a clock. Donovan followed behind with his palms flat against the wall. As they descended, the walls became more and more damp. By the time they reached the last ten steps, their footing was treacherous at best. Finally, they reached the bottom. This space was cavernous in comparison to the claustrophobic space of the stairway. The tunnel went two directions. One went northwest towards the river and the other south east towards Memphis. The river was actually due west of their position but Tony’s compass was reading northwest so the tunnel apparently didn’t head straight to the river. They headed up the northwest tunnel. Gradually, the ceiling kept getting lower and lower and the floor muddier. After a hundred meters or so, the floor was so near the ceiling that it could only be traverse on their knees. Still, the end was nowhere in sight.
“You guys aren’t dressed for this. Y’all wait here and I’ll go a bit further,” Tony said with anticipation. Somehow, he had always loved the idea of crawling into the unknown. It was like when he was a boy and crawled through the drainage tunnels under the rail road tracks with me. He never knew what was ahead and that always excited him.
“Can I go?” asked Natasha with disappointment in her face. “I already lost my shoes in the mud back there somewhere and my dress is already ruined!”
Tony shined his light toward her and unintentionally laughed. Her hair was a tangled mess and she was almost completely covered in mud. The guys were remarkably clean. They had taken their shoes and socks of a ways back and rolled up their pant legs. They had mud up to their knees but other than that, were spotless. “Sure, if you want to. Do you guys want to go with us, stay here, or go back to the bar and get cleaned up?”
“We’ll go back to the bar. I imagine you’ll only find a river that direction. We’ve seen the river. Not that motivated to see it this way. Here, take the satellite phone with you,” said Donovan.
“Okay, just do me a favor and don’t smoke in the men’s room. You’ll see why,” Tony said as he got down on his knees and began crawling into the darkness ahead.
***
It wasn’t too long before both Natasha and Tony were crawling on their stomachs and elbows. Tony began to worry that the entrance was completely blocked. A hundred and twenty years of repeated flooding and possibly small earthquakes may have sealed it permanently. Still, they continued. Just when Tony was about to give up and start crawling backwards, he spotted a tiny light ahead. It didn’t appear to be far but he really couldn’t judge the distance. Pressing forward, he scraped away the mud with his hands. Then he smelled fresh air and surged forward. As he extended his arm toward the small opening, he was blinded by a brilliant light. The mud wall in front of him collapsed and fell away. It took a moment for his eyes to readjust to the brightness but when it did, he saw shrubs and the river beyond.
“We made it, Natasha. Be careful at the entrance. It looks slippery,” Tony said at the exact moment that he slipped and slalomed twenty feet down the brown, muddy slope onto and sandy little cove beside the brown waters of the Mississippi. Thirty seconds later, just as he rolled over to look up, Natasha landed on top of him.
“Nice landing, Tasha!” Tony grunted as he brushed her muddy hair from his face.
She rolled over facing him and said, “Nice catch, my love!” and then kissed him softly. “You called me Tasha. I like that.” Unknown to Tony, Tasha was the nickname given to her by her brother. It made her feel safe and endeared her to him yet even more.
As they got up, they both groaned. Tony looked around and saw the sandstone bluffs high above him. He also noticed several clumps of shrubbery growing on the cliffs. There could possibly be caves behind them and possibly more tunnels that weren’t on any of the maps that he had gotten from Clarence. Tony thought for a moment. What if the Sailors didn’t take the gold into this tunnel? What if it was hidden somewhere else? It made sense. Why would they put it in a known tunnel where there could possibly be human traffic? If they buried it in the tunnel from which he just fell, there is a much greater chance of discovery. He was brought back from his thoughts as Natasha rose and walked to the river. He couldn’t help but laugh. “You look like one of the mud women of South America!”
“Well, I always wanted an American mud bath. It feels good. And you are one to talk! You do not exactly look like someone of whom my father would approve. He is not a fan of Tarzan!” she said with a boisterous giggle.
“Me and Jane take bath!” Tony said as he jumped up and ran to her, lifting her into his arms. She screamed and they both plunged into the river.
Fortunately, the current was very mild. The cove was sheltered from the main channel of the river. After they kissed and frolicked in the cool waters, they strode out of the water and sat on the small, sandy beach. The sun was directly overhead and the sweltering heat was stifling.
“I think I still have mud in my ass! Either that or I was a bit more scared than I thought when I fell from the tunnel,” Tony said with a grin. He stood and began stripping. Natasha followed suit. Once back in the water, they kissed and began rinsing each other off very slowly. He leaned her head back, rinsed her hair, and kissed her neck gently. Movement caught his eye. Something moved in the clump of shrubs about twenty feet up the cliff wall. It was at the same level as the tunnel entrance but about fifty meters up river. He kept kissing Natasha but kept one eye on that spot. Then he saw movement again. A raccoon scurried from the brush followed by a few bats. The bats quickly flew back into the darkness. He guessed the raccoon was foraging for food and had disturbed the bats. That in itself was unremarkable but it meant more to Tony. Where there are bats…there is a cave!
“What are you looking at?” Natasha said breaking his train of thought.
“There’s a cave up there. Let’s check it out!” Tony said still staring at the shrubs.
“Do you not ever get tired of dark, creepy places?” she asked.
“I haven’t yet! Let’s do it,” he beckoned.
“Okay, lead on, Tarzan,” she acquiesced with a soft laugh.
***
They walked out of the water slowly, giving themselves a chance to dry a little. Their clothes were still damp and steaming hot from the noon day sun. They dressed each other, paying special attention to each other’s bodies and kissing each other all over as they went. By the time they were dressed, Tony was ready to get undressed again but decided to wait. They broke their embrace and headed in the direction of the clump of shrubs.
“Oh, wait! Call up to the bar and let Donovan and Morris know we’re okay! You know the number. Don’t you?” Tony said as he turned around. “And let them know we’re going to be a while. Maybe I should talk to them. I know a guy with a boat that can pick us up and we won’t have to crawl back through the mud.”
Tony made the call and gave instructions to be picked up after dark. With that done, they were now free to explore. Tony was jumping with anticipation and Natasha was getting excited too. As they walk towards the bluff. Tony told her about the vision that he had in the basement and of the legend of the gold shipment. Of course she thought he was crazy but she humored him anyway.
“I know it was just a fantasy but it seemed so real and so specific. When I touched that old apron, it was as if I had physically went back in time for a few moments and talked to Captain Johnston. He saw me and spoke to me and recognized that I was dressed strangely. He shook my hand and I felt the warmth of his skin and his sweat. I even smelled the concrete he was using to brick up the tunnel. It was just so real and vivid. I can’t help but feel that I have to see if the legend is real. Chances are nothing is up there but I have to look. If it isn’t there, I’ll get Levi to research it and see if any of it is true. It shouldn’t be hard to find out if Captain Johnston actually existed,” Tony said sounding as if he were pleading for her to believe him.
“You are like a little boy chasing an ice cream truck. How could I not believe you?” She paused for a moment then said, “I will always believe in you, Tony!” They stopped directly underneath the supposed cave and she kissed his cheek. They both looked up at the imposing facade and took a deep breath.
“Alright, up we go! This sandstone is brittle so be careful,” said Tony as he took a deep breath. “I hope that raccoon isn’t still up there. They can be pretty vicious if backed into a corner.”
Tony let her go first so he could look up her dress. He thought it to be funny and an added motivation to climb higher and faster. The sandstone was very fragile and crumbled at the most inopportune times during their climb and relieved him of the humor that he had originally anticipated. It took thirty minutes of slipping and falling before they reached the cave. They were both cut and bleeding but they made it.
“Thirty minutes to climb twenty feet. That has to never be bragged about to anyone, okay?” he said as he caught is breath. Natasha, also winded with knees quivering, nodded her agreement.
The entrance of the cave was a narrow ledge overgrown with shrubs and vines and packed with a hundred and twenty years of debris. Logs and limbs that had washed into it during floods of years past were jammed and crammed so that virtually every space was filled. The raccoon and bats got in and out so there must be an entrance. Tony began ripping the debris away. As he did so, he was thinking of how the Sailors could possibly have hauled the gold up to the cave. They couldn’t have, unless the river was higher at the time. If the river was at that level when the Sailors mutinied, they could have stashed the gold then escaped through the tunnel under the bar which was at the same level. Still, Tony had doubts that anything about his ‘vision’ was real. He was certain Natasha had doubts even though she supported his delusion completely. After about another hours work, Tony and Natasha broke through the debris and shined a light into the void beyond. They saw nothing. The cave went back further than the beam of the flashlight could penetrate. They cleared the rest of the debris from the entrance then proceeded into the cave.
The first forty feet of the cave was damp, muddy and filled with detritus from the river but the tunnel had a slight upward grade. After forty feet, water from the river no longer had filled the tunnel except when there was a major flood. The ground and walls were dusty and dry. Sandstone walls became mineral rich limestone that glittered when the light passed over it. But there was still no evidence of human intrusion. Natasha clung to Tony’s arm as if scared but she wasn’t. She was as curious as he was. Finally, the light illuminated the back wall of the cave. Tony’s heart dropped. There appeared to be nothing there. He slunk down with his back against one wall and pulled Natasha down with him.


Chapter 6: The Bat Cave
***
“I’m sorry, Tony! I know you really wanted to find something,” Natasha said as if speaking to a child.
“Yeah, I guess all boys love to hunt for treasure. There are more caves around. Of that, I’m certain. It may still be in one of them or it may not exist at all. It’s just that Captain Johnston seemed so real. I actually spoke to him. I’d hate to think that I am crazy but that seems to be the case,” Tony said in resignation.
“You are not crazy, my love. You are just a little boy at heart that loves to dream. I am just glad there were no snakes or rats in here! If…”
“Rats?” Tony interrupted her and paused for few moments of thought. Then he gave her an excited kiss on the top of her head. “Not rats…bats! I forgot about them. That raccoon stirred up some bats. There aren’t any bats here and there’s no guano. That isn’t the end of the tunnel up there! Those bats came from somewhere other than here. Come on!” Tony pulled her up by her arm and almost ran to the end of the cave. At the ‘end’ of the tunnel, Tony’s eyes lit up and a huge smile crossed his face. Another natural shaft cut upward diagonally from the end of the tunnel.

“Tasha…look! There are scratches on the rocks as if something was dragged over them! I’ll go first then I’ll pull you up,” Tony said with so much enthusiasm that it spread to Natasha.
“Hurry up!” she said quickly.
Once in the lateral shaft, Tony instantly saw more evidence of human intrusion. Pieces of thread bare and decaying clothing were strewn about and an empty chewing tobacco wrapper was shoved into a crack in the rocks. Tony spied a Sailor’s cutlass leaning against the rock wall about twenty feet into the tunnel. He picked up the cutlass and admired the craftsmanship. Then he strapped it to his side hoping that he would have another vision. ‘Maybe I have to be alone for that to happen. Or maybe, I am just crazy,’ he thought. As they went on further, the tunnel kept getting wider and wider. After a few hundred feet or more, the tunnel opened up into a great cavern with giant stalagmites hanging down from the ceiling reaching for their sister stalactites coming up from the floor. In some places they met, creating enormous columns that looked as if they were made of ivory tinted with orange and yellow hues. Natasha’s mouth fell open in awe. The two walked in as if entering another world. It was damp and water dripped from the ceiling like a summer rain but Tony and Natasha pressed on. Skirting around the edge of the cavern, they came to another smaller side cavern. The smell was horrendous and the sounds of thousands of shrill squeaks chimed as one continuous unnerving whistle.
“That must be the bat cave,” Tony said holding his nose. “Let’s take a look! Be very quiet and move slowly.”
The quietly entered the cave and almost couldn’t breathe. The cavern itself was as big as the one they just stepped from but was void of stalagmites and stalactites. Obviously water didn’t leak from the surface for some reason so it was much drier. Tony shined his light upwards and the ceiling appeared to be moving. Tens of thousands of bats jostled around doing whatever it is that bats do. The floor appeared to be moving as well. When he shined his light down, Natasha gave a gasp and hugged him closer. The floor was covered with millions of roaches, beetles, and other insects feeding off the bats guano. Some unfortunate rodents had fallen from the roof and were being consumed as well. Tony couldn’t even guess how deep the guano was. It was lower than the threshold of the doorway but still must have been very deep.
“Okay, I think we’ve seen enough! Let’s go unless you’d like to stay a bit longer,” Tony said, still holding his nose. Natasha just nodded her head and pulled Tony towards the door. Back in the main cavern, they took in a deep breath of fresh air and continued skirting the edge but found only indentions in the wall that resembled caves. On the far side, their luck changed. Another dry chamber was recessed up into the rock. It was about the size of a two car garage and was littered with human garbage. Dozens of small, partially decayed, wooden crates marked CSA were sitting opened and empty. Empty tin food cans littered the cave floor as well as tin cups and plates. Someone had lived down here for a while. The oddest thing that Tony saw was empty paint cans; brick red, judging by the color dried on the sides of the cans. The same paint was spotted all over the cave floor. It looked like dried blood and he would have thought that was what it was if he hadn’t seen the paint cans.
Something in the far corner of the cavern caught Tony’s attention. He shined his flashlight that direction and saw the uniformed skeletons of at least fifteen men stacked like cord wood. Many bones were scattered about, probably by carrion eaters like that raccoon. Natasha let out a sudden but short scream as she clutched Tony’s arm with one hand and covered her mouth with the other. Decayed, gray, threadbare uniforms wrapped the bones like burial shrouds. Tony could only speculate as to their deaths. His first thought was greed and ’gold fever’. At least one man had to have survived to stack the bodies and remove whatever was in those crates.
“Let’s start heading back up. I think we’ve seen enough. My daydream may have been real but the gold is gone now.” He paused for a moment then the realization hit him. “It was real. I can’t believe it! But something about the way Captain Johnston said, ‘It’s not in the tunnel anymore,’ was kind of strange. He had stressed the word ‘anymore’ like he had some other meaning. It was like he knew something and meant it literally. Maybe, he did mean it wasn’t in the tunnel anymore because he had moved it!” Tony let his mind wander and suddenly it hit him. He grabbed Natasha’s shoulders and looked her in the eyes. “I know where the gold is! Come on!” Then he kissed her roughly on the mouth, turned, and started heading in the same direction that they were exploring.
***
“You’re going the wrong way! We came in over there,” said Natasha pointing the opposite direction. Her shoulders were drooped and she was beginning to show signs of fatigue.
“No, I’m not. The bats have to have another entrance. They couldn’t possibly all go out that little space down that tunnel, not before we cleared it out anyway. There has to be another way topside.”
The very next alcove turned out to be a long winding crevasse that steadily went upwards. Rocks were chipped and scraped as if someone had repeatedly traveled over them while dragging something. After a grueling half hour climb, they saw the end of the shaft. Sunlight filtered through the branches of the trees at the opening. Both Tony and Natasha were relieved. The batteries in the flashlight were growing ever so weak and put out barely enough light to see. Tony was also worried that it would be growing dark outside soon and they would be assaulted by the myriad of bats exiting the cave.
As Tony walked, he kept his right hand brushing the wall. This was mostly because he had only enough light to shine at the floor and had repeatedly cracked his noggin on rocks jutting out from the wall. For a moment he felt nothing. He stopped and shined the light into yet another tunnel. There were footprints on top of footprints. Down the middle of the dusty track was what appeared to be drag marks.
“Tasha…another tunnel,” Tony said cautiously. He suspected what her reaction would be and he couldn’t blame her. He was growing fatigued as well.
“Tony, please no. I want to go home,’ she said pleadingly.
“But look!” he showed her the marks in the dust.
“Okay, but you owe me…big time!” she said and gave him a gentle kiss on the cheek.
“You know…your use of idioms and slang is very good! Where did you learn to speak our language so well?” He returned the kiss.
“My father started teaching me and my brother English from the time we started speaking. At one time, he was an Ambassador here in America and learned much of the language and slang.”
“That explains why you speak the language better than I do. We take grammar all throughout our education but really don’t use it properly in normal conversation,” said Tony as he continued into the newly discovered shaft. “But I notice you seldom use contractions.”
“What is contraction?” she asked.
“It’s when we merge two words together into one. Like ‘it is’ becomes ‘it’s’ or ‘do not’ becomes ‘don’t.’ That kind of thing.”
“Oh, I do not know those words. I don’t know those words,” she said and smiled broadly. Tony smiled back at her, took her hand, and began walking again.
Fortunately for the weary trekkers, this tunnel was short. It was a dead end with a beaten old wooden ladder heading up. A few empty and tattered burlap bags littered the floor. Tony climbed up and opened the hatch. He carefully peeked out and saw the rickety old desk that he had purchased for the office of his bar. “Well, I’ll be a son of a bitch!”
Tony and Natasha climbed out of the hole and collapsed on the office couch. Donovan and Morris, hearing the hatch slam on the oak floor, came crashing through the door with guns drawn.
“What the hell?” Donovan exclaimed.
“H’oys! Whe’ve you’een?” Natasha grinned widely. She was trying to say “Hi, boys! Where have you been?”
Both agents looked at her confused. “She’s learning to contract words,” Tony explained. “Honey, you can’t contract every word. It’s usually just the words that merge naturally when you say them fast. I’ll make a list when we get home.” He again could not help smiling at her. She tried so hard to please him. It really was very sweet and she seemed innocent like a child. “What time is it? I need to call my friend and tell him not to pick us up on the river,” Tony said mostly to himself.
“Oh, I left the satellite phone at the bat cave,” said Natasha.
“Bat cave?” Morris looked as perplexed as Donovan did.
“Let’s go home, honey! I’ll take care of all those cuts and scrapes you have,” Tony said pointing to her knees. She was a mess. Her feet, knees, and elbows were cut and bleeding. Her black silk, knee length gown was in tatters and her hair was matted and muddied. Tony couldn’t help thinking how beautiful she was. Not many women would have gone through what she did. She did it because she loved him and he knew that. How lucky can one guy be? “Lock up for me. Will ya, boys?” Tony said as he tossed them the keys. They left Donovan and Morris with their mouths agape.
***
Back at the house, Tony showered with Natasha and then, when all the mud and muck was off, ran a hot bath in which she could soak.
“I’m sorry that I put you through all of that. I’m afraid I was focused on the adventure and not you,” Tony said softly.
“Do not…don’t be sorry, my love. It was fun. I liked the treasure hunt as much as you did, I think. I would do it again tomorrow if you asked me to. Well, maybe not tomorrow,” she spoke softly as she groaned and cradled his face in her palm.
While she was soaking, Tony drove to the store and bought bandages and medicine to fix her up. When he returned, she had fallen asleep and the water was getting colder. He picked her up from the tub and carried her to the bedroom, laid her on the bed and dried her. He nursed all her cuts and scrapes as promised. When he was done, she looked like a hockey player with elbow and knee pads. She just happened to be a very beautiful, naked, female, hockey player with elbow and knee pads. She didn’t awaken until he was done.
“I can’t move, Tony!” she said in pain.
“Are the bandages too tight?”
“No, I am just sore all over,” she groaned.
“Let’s get you under the covers,” Tony said as he gently pulled the wet blanket from under her and rolled dry covers over her. He lovingly kissed her body as he went, ending at her soft pliant lips. Then he gently lay down beside her. In moments, she was asleep again. Tony was a bit battered too but it was nothing that he wasn’t used to. He wanted to go see if Clarence had any literature on the gold shipment aboard the CSS Arkansas but didn’t want to leave Natasha. He wanted to be there in case she woke up and needed anything. Anyway, he really needed to start planning his confrontation with the Dutchman. Now that he had two possible escape routes from the bar, it improved his odds immeasurably. Tomorrow, or the next day, he planned to set the explosives in place and do a few other things to get ready. He should be ready to torch the Dutchman’s warehouse by the end of the month. He really had hope he would find another way but he wasn’t so lucky. He had followed Duarte many times, hoping that he would lead him to the Dutchman. That didn’t work. Duarte only met with the other thugs that worked for him, never with the Dutchman himself. It looked like war was the only way.
But before he did any of that, he had to strip all the odd shaped bricks out of the basement of the old bar. If he was right, they were worth their weight in silver and gold.


Chapter 7: Dead Captain's Enigma
***
“Hi Levi. Clarence didn’t have anything on the Arkansas. Did you find out anything?” Tony asked as he bounced down on the lounge chair and looked around. “The Officer’s pool again? Really? Did you buy a lifetime membership or something?”
“Officer’s know how to live and this pool has the best view on base! The scenery is fantastic! Look at the thighs on those birds,” I said pointing my margarita glass towards three bikini clad girls…Marines judging by their muscle tone.
“I have to agree with that. Okay, what did you find out?” Tony asked impatiently.
I took a long sip of my drink and then began. “First, the CSS Arkansas and your Captain Johnston did exist. As for the gold shipment, there’s no record of it here. Maybe in the Library of Congress or some archives in Richmond, but not here. Here’s the kicker. Your Captain Steven Johnston was the Commander of the Arkansas. He and his First Officer were the ones found dead below deck.”
“That doesn’t make any sense. I saw the Captain forty years after the mutiny.”
“You saw the Captain eighty three years ago, forty two years after the fateful voyage of the CSS Arkansas? You’re twenty two years old. It’s true that I don’t spend a lot of time studying but I’m pretty sure the math doesn’t add up.” I believed Tony but felt it necessary to antagonize him. “Well, hold on. It gets better! Steven Johnston was born and raised right here in Memphis and grew up on a farm very close to where your tavern is. I followed a hunch and checked the Shelby County Clerk’s Office Archives and found out that particular piece of property was purchased in 1866 by Xavier Griffin. It was purchased with pure silver. Xavier Griffin was listed on the Arkansas’s crew manifest as a Gunner’s Mate. I stopped for a bit to let Tony think about what he had just told him. I knew it was just a matter of time before he connected the dots.
Tony stared into space for a little while but then looked over knowingly at me. “Steven Johnston grew up around these caves. It was his idea to bring the gold shipment here. But he didn’t want his family name sullied because of the theft and treason so he, and maybe the First Officer, swapped their uniforms with two dead Sailors! They would be listed as CSA killed in action and the dead Sailors, along with the rest of the crew, would be criminals of the Confederacy. He must have lived in the tunnel until the end of the war. When Confederacy lost the war, he was free from prosecution. He bought the land over the tunnels where he had been playing since he was a child. Then he began building the tavern with the gold and silver ingots that he had painted brick red. I had already figured that part out. He didn’t use all the bricks in the wall. He had to use some silver for building expenses. But why use Xavier’s name? It would have been easier to just make up a name and not take a chance of someone making the connection.”
“Maybe he wasn’t worried about that. Maybe he removed everyone that could identify him,” I said knowing that Tony wouldn’t accept it. He seemed to have formed a bond with this Captain and Tony was always right in his judgment of character.
“He didn’t impress me as a cold blooded murderer. Those men in the cave died some other way, not by his hand. Did you figure out what to do with the skeletal remains?”
“I contacted the local museum. They are going to catalog and remove all the artifacts. I presume that means funerals for the Sailors. They said it’ll take them at least a month to catalog and excavate the tunnel.”
“That’s no problem. They can take as long as they want. I’m far from ready, yet. When did the real Captain Johnston die?” Tony asked seemingly fishing for something.
“The real Captain Steven Johnston aka Xavier Griffin died in 1917. He’s buried at the Municipal Cemetery. I went there. He was buried with the John Doe’s and the paupers that couldn’t afford proper funerals. The real Xavier Griffin aka Captain Steven Johnston was buried in the Gray Cemetery in 1863 with other Confederate war dead. My question is why did he steal the treasure, haul it up through the tunnel, brick up his basement with it, never spend a dime other than what he used to buy the land, build the tavern, and then get buried as a pauper?”
“I don’t know! Guilt over the theft and treason, maybe? We may never know.” Tony then leaned back in the lounge chair and took a drink of my margarita and closed his eyes.
“Did I really go back in time, Levi?” he asked.
“I believe you did. How else do you explain finding a treasure that no one knew existed, following clues given to you by a man that died sixty years ago. A man, I might point out, that was using a name that died a hundred and twenty five years ago. Even the legend of the treasure was dead. I’ve had similar experiences with going back in time. When I was a kid, I just thought they were daydreams. When I grew up, I attributed them to copious amounts of tequila and a vivid imagination. The experiences certainly seemed real enough. I’ve even gotten injured in them before. I have never communicated with anyone in the past yet though and I haven’t been able to change anything in the past. I have theories on the matter. No, I don’t think you’re crazy but I sometimes think I am. I used to fantasize that it was one of my super powers. I have others too…you know,” I said waiting to see what his reaction would be.
“I believe you! I have more too! Why do we have these abilities but others don’t?” he asked playfully as he took another drink. His eyes were still closed.
“Maybe they do. They just don’t tell anyone,” I said speculating. I had the same thought many times before. “Hey Tony?” I said as I leaned back and closed my eyes.
“Yeah?”
“Go get your own drink!”
He laughed and started to get up.
“Get me one too since you’re already up,” I said.
As he was getting our drinks, I thought about what Tony was planning to do. I was pretty worried about his plan to start a war with the Dutchman. Tony almost always seemed to be heavy handed when it came to strategy and using a hammer rather than a scalpel was his tendency. When he returned, I broached the subject bluntly. “Tony, do you really think that you have to torch that warehouse to get the Dutchman’s attention?”
“Probably not but it is the fastest way to get his attention. What else could I do?” he asked as if he really wanted other options.
“Couldn’t you just arrange a raid on the place? Hopefully, with overwhelming force, anyone in the warehouse would surrender and no one would get hurt. Jonathan Smyth could let Duarte know that Tony had arranged it and the Dutchman would still come gunning for you,” I suggested.
“But Duarte told me, or Jonathan rather, about the warehouse. It might lead him to believe Jonathan is duplicitous. Actually, anything I do could implicate Jonathan and blow my cover. I could take one of his thugs into custody for a little while. Just long enough for the Dutchman to think he talked. Then hit the warehouse with local police and NIS immediately after releasing him. It should caste enough doubt in Dutch boy’s mind to defer attention from Jonathan. Maybe he’ll cap his own man thinking he was a traitor. Yeah, I’ll do that. Thanks, Buddy.” Tony said smiling.
“What about afterward? The Dutchman will come gunning for you but chances are that he won’t attend the celebration in person. He’ll probably just send his thugs after you. How will that get you any closer to him?”
“I know but if his goons simply want to shoot it out, I’ll be ready. The traps that I’ve set up at the bar won’t necessarily get me closer to the Dutchman but there will be fewer of his goons to go through when I do find him,” Tony said deviously.
“You could just call in the police when they show up.”
“Where’s the fun in that?”


Chapter 8: Warehouse Raid
***
The weeks following were in fact busy ones for Tony. First, he had to move himself and Natasha into a new place. That was pretty easy considering neither of them owned anything. The guy whose house they were using was due to return from his overseas deployment. The Colonel had already vacated the apartment he had originally got for her and found another one that was less vulnerable. Brandywine was beginning to like Natasha in spite of her Soviet affiliation but still didn’t trust her. Still, he insisted on putting listening devices in the new apartment to monitor her conversations but he agreed to limit the bugs to the phone and the living room. He had no desire to listen to what she and Tony did elsewhere.
After that was done, Tony got five of his Marine friends to clear the end of the basement tunnel at the river. He paid them each five hundred dollars for a day’s work but he knew it wouldn’t take them near that long. They brought a water cannon on a boat and had every loose particle of soil cleared from the tunnel entrance in less than an hour. Tony was smiling the whole time. He loved the Marine Corps. Ingenuity and self-initiative were encouraged and self-motivation was obvious. They also taught blind obedience of which he couldn’t really get a grasp but, he had to admit, they did get things done.
Once that was complete, he quietly placed incendiary and well-disguised Claymore anti-personnel mines in the parking lot and in the bar. Then he unrolled Prima Cord and ran it through the tunnel in the basement to the river. Prima cord is a rope-like explosive that is inert until an electrical charge passes through it. The museum people hadn’t yet cleared the tunnel leading up from the river to the bat cave so he couldn’t rig that tunnel yet. The remains of the Confederate Sailors had been removed by the Shelby County Coroner but archeologists were still documenting and recovering the artifacts throughout the tunnel from the river to the surface.
Then he placed C-4 plastic explosives strategically throughout both shafts in order to block the tunnel once he had passed through. These charges could be set off with a thirty second timer that Tony would trigger as he passed or with an electrical charge at the river’s edge. He would have preferred radio triggers but he doubted the signal would penetrate the rocks. Hidden in the brush at the river end of the tunnels was a final trigger that would detonate every explosive that remained unexploded.
Tony’s plan was to let the Dutchman’s men attack. Once they fired the first shot and entered the parking lot, he would set off the first round of explosives. Some charges would not be detonated but would remain dormant until triggered from the river. Then, when the thugs regained their momentum and stormed the tavern, Tony would duck into one of the tunnels and set off some of the charges in the bar. He debated on whether to let them see him go into the tunnel or not. Escape would be easier if they didn’t see but he wouldn’t trap as many men. Wanting as many of the Dutchman’s minions as possible, he decided to let them see his escape. They would follow him into the tunnel and down the shaft as Tony set off small charges to slow them down. When he reached the river, he would set of all the remaining charges in the parking lot, tavern and in the tunnels. Even if the Dutchman sends an army, they would all fall. That was the plan but he knew that a good plan seldom is without complications.
***
“Hi Tony, What’s up?” I said as I entered the tavern office. Tony was seated at the desk reading a large, thick, yellowed, old book. Another volume sat on the corner of the desk.
“Nothing much! I was literally just thinking that I wished you were here to see this. You won’t believe what I found hidden in a safe behind a false wall over there,” he said as he pointed to an opened partition at the back of the room.
“What is it?” I asked.
“The log book of the CSS Arkansas and the diary of Captain Steven Johnston. The dates for the log book go from March 1863 to July of the same year. The dairy starts where the log ends and continues on until a week before his death in 1917. This is a gold mine in itself. Can you imagine the history in these volumes? I just found them so I haven’t had a chance to read them yet but I did check a couple of dates. We were right about the Captain and First Officer switching uniforms with two already dead Sailors. I was also right about the deaths of the remaining crew. Johnston wasn’t responsible, not directly anyway. The men in the cavern presumably died of rabies. I suppose from bites by infected bats. Some of the remaining crew were given a bar of silver and took their chances in the ongoing chaos of the war. Some stayed in the cave. Johnston also stayed in the cave until the end of the war. None of the other crew ever returned. That’s all I’ve had a chance to gather so far; fascinating stuff!” Tony was entranced with what he had found but knew he had other things to do before he could sit down and study them in depth.
“How’d you open the safe?”
“Are you kidding? That thing’s over a hundred years old. The tumblers in the combination lock sounded like hammers when they rolled into place,” Tony snickered. “You know, when I first touched these books, I saw Captain Johnston again but only for a moment and then he was gone. I heard a siren in the distance and I think that broke off my connection. I wish I could talk to him again. But these books will be even better than that. I can know what he was thinking all those years ago.” Tony was crouched over Johnston’s diary like it was a juicy steak and he hadn’t eaten in days.
I picked up the Arkansas’ log book and began reading. “This is incredible! We should make copies of the books and then give the originals to the museum. They’ll be invaluable to them,” I said knowing Tony was barely paying attention to me. He was holding the diary with reverence. Like it was an original scrolls of the Torah or something. He loved history as much as I did and placed an almost sacred value to any artifacts of relevance.
“Yeah, good idea! I can make copies at flight control. That way we can read them at our own leisure. I hate that I still have to make a daily appearance at the office. It’s such a waste of time. Just have to let Duarte think Jonathan Smyth is still on the job. What are you doing here, anyway? Nearly all the works done. I just have to wait until the warehouse is raided next week.”
“I just wanted to be sure that you didn’t put any explosives in the bat cave leading to the surface. I know you said you wouldn’t but I also know you like to be thorough,” I said and I was actually concerned. The bat population is incremental in controlling the insect population. I tended to think I was protector of the natural world. But that wasn’t the real reason that I was there.
“See for yourself. I only put charges at the river end of that shaft,” Tony replied.
“Do you want to check out the rest of the tunnel? You know…from the basement access to the city.”
“Sure, just let me put these away,” Tony said as he walked over and gently placed the books back in the wall safe.
As Tony and I walked into the basement, I thought about how I was going to let him know my real reason for being there. Tony’s plan was to kill those men. I couldn’t, in good conscience, support that. Tony believed he was doing the right thing. Maybe he was but was it the right way to do it? Tony was silent as we descended the steps but I suspected he had some qualms about killing. Sometimes, when he sets his mind to something, he can’t be deterred from it. I had talked to him about it before but was still bothered by his plan. I decided that being blunt and open with him was the best tact. It always was.
“Tony, you know you’re planning to kill those men, right? Don’t you think that they should be brought before the courts and judged?”
“I am planning to defend myself. They will attack me. I have every right to protect myself. If in the process a few, low life, scumbags are killed…so be it,” he said.
“Does being a low life scumbag warrant the death penalty? You’re setting them up. You’re orchestrating the events to force them to attack you. Anyhow, they’ll only be following the orders of their boss. If you were ordered by the Navy or Marine Corps to eliminate a target, wouldn’t you? Does that make you criminally liable?”
“I see your point and I have thought it myself. Levi, these aren’t Soldiers ordered to do a mission. They are murderers, thieves and rapists. Do you remember when you told me about that woman that was raped; the one in the house on the mud bluff plateau overlooking the Mississippi near Keenan State Park? I asked Duarte about that specifically and he said it was some of the Dutchman’s boys that did that. They were ordered to rob and trash the place to send a message to the guy that owned it. He didn’t give details about what the message was. Anyhow, the wife was home when they got there. The rest you know. And that wasn’t the only time. There are many others. Duarte says that the Dutchman lets them rape, pillage and plunder at will to keep them happy. It made me sick. Duarte doesn’t participate in their activities but he didn’t seem particularly disapproving either. He told me of intimidation and extortion, racketeering and drug dealing, rape and murder. He thinks I am his confidant but I detest them all and will put an end to their cadre. They don’t deserve to live!”
Tony had worked himself into a righteous fervor by this time so I chose to lighten up a bit. In truth, I was beginning to agree with him. But deep down, I believed that neither of us had the right to judge people. So I continued my examination but with softer questions. “What if one of those guys had just today been hired by the Dutchman; or one of them didn’t participate in the more serious crimes that you mentioned? Do they deserve death?”
“No, they don’t unless they show up here next week with intent to murder. Everyone that will attend the festivities will have that in their minds…even me! But mine will technically be in self-defense. No, I don’t think I have the right to judge them. Neither do I think they have the right to do what they do. But I will stop them! God will judge them. I will be judged at a much later date, if all goes according to plan.”
As we were walking, I noticed that the tunnel was steadily descending. I also began to notice a change in the rock strata. The majority of the cave system from the river to the tavern was something of an anomaly. In a flood plain like the Mississippi, I would expect to find rocks made of only river silts and sediments. No caves or caverns should exist but they did. Anyway, the walls and floor changed from limestone and shale to a conglomerate of sandstone and breccia. At one time this must have been the bottom of the river, perhaps the Mississippi or some ancient progenitor. At that point, I knew we had to be well below the current level of the river. We may have even been lower than the bottom of the river. I had no real way of knowing since we hadn’t been keeping track of distances or angle of descent. Anyhow, as we descended, the wall and floor became increasingly damp. We were heading south by southeast, roughly parallel to the river, and were still about a mile from the city. Soon after that, the water was up to our waists. When it reached our necks, we stopped.
“These flashlights are water resistant. I’m gonna swim a ways under water and see what’s up ahead. It doesn’t look good, though!” Tony said sounding disappointed.
“Okay! Be careful!” I said as I placed my light in a crevice in the top of the wall, facing it so I would shine towards the deepening water. I already suspected that the tunnel ahead had collapsed and years of water seeping through the rocks had backed up against the obstruction. Or water might have filled the cave in some previous flooding event. Tony probably had reasoned the same thing but wanted to be sure. Maybe he thought that this might be the low point in the tunnel and it filled with water. If the shaft began its ascent farther ahead and the tunnel was unobstructed, the water level on the other side should be exactly the same as it is here. I doubted that was the case. If my guess was right, we were under the Wolf River Lagoon. It’s a finger like body of water that runs parallel to the Mississippi. It looks kind of like the Sea of Cortez between Baja California and Mexico only on a much smaller scale of course. The peninsula between the Mississippi and Wolf River Lagoon is called Mudd Island even though it technically isn’t an island. Maybe at one time the Mississippi River and the lagoon were connected making it an island. I really didn’t know. Tony’s tavern was north on that peninsula.
Anyhow, if the tunnel ahead had collapsed as I suspected, it must only have been a partial collapse. With a body of water like that sitting on top of us, then a total collapse would have sent tons of water shooting through the shaft like a water cannon. Maybe that was how the tunnel came into being. A small fault in the rocks could have been scoured away, maybe even more than once, until the tunnel that we were in was formed. It was all speculation but I was standing neck deep in filtered yet stale water with little else to do other than speculate. Just then, Tony erupted from the water, gasping for air and banging his head on the tunnel ceiling.
“Blocked?” I asked.
“Yep! Visibility was good and I made it to the collapse. When I turned around to swim back, I stirred up the sediment and got disoriented. Wasn’t sure I was heading back the right way. I got panicky and claustrophobic but trusted my instincts and just swam. I turned off my light hoping to see yours. I did and swam for all I was worth. That was kind of scary. It was fun, though! You should try it! How long was I under, anyway?”
I glanced at my watch and was stunned. I hadn’t realized that much time had elapsed. “Seventeen minutes! I didn’t realize you took scuba gear with you. And as for going myself, no thanks. I trust you had enough fun for both of us.”
“I found air pockets all along the tunnel ceiling. It was really cool. It looked like mercury floating above me when I shined the light at it. Let’s head back to the river. I want to feel the sun on my face. We can head back up to the tavern through the bat cave and check on the archeologist’s progress.” He was still inhaling deeply and smiling broadly as he began pushing forward through neck deep water.
We headed out of the shaft but found no sun. It was mid-August and afternoon thunderstorms were normal. The sky was darkened and thunder rumbled in the distance. High winds were also evident in the distance. Trees above us on the bluff and across the river swayed back and forth, threatening to snap. We were in a sheltered area so little wind reached us but I could smell rain in the air. Tony’s Marine buddies had placed rope ladders at each of the cave entrances so climbing up was easy work. I saw where Tony had buried the Prima Cord running along the corner at the base of one wall. Ideally, overhead would have been more affective but it couldn’t be concealed there. The diagonal cave going up to the main cavern was empty. All artifacts were removed. Tony had kept the Sailor’s cutlass. He knew it belonged in a museum but he just couldn’t part with it. At the bat cave, we held our noses and passed quickly. When we arrived at the Sailor’s cavern, everything was gone. The museum and university people had already finished their work.
***
A few nights later, Tony sneaked into the warehouse to make sure the contraband hadn’t been moved. He climbed up a drainpipe to the second floor and quietly worked his way around a narrow ledge looking for an access. An upstairs window was carelessly left unsecured and Tony silently entered. Using a tiny flashlight that barely lit the floor in front of him, he made his way down stairs to the main storage bay. Tony really wasn’t certain anything or anyone was there. He had never checked to see if Duarte had told him the truth about the warehouse. Slowly, he cracked the old wooden door at the bottom of the stairway and saw a light burning at the other end of the bay. In the middle of the floor were dozens of crates marked automotive parts. Tony entered the cargo bay and ducked into the first room on the right. It was a small office space packed full of white bricks. In the room across from it, Tony found a larger space filled with green bricks. In a crouching position, he made his way to the crates. A few of them weren’t nailed shut. The cases Tony looked into were filled with grenades, automatic rifles, rocket propelled grenade launchers; everything a small army could want. Duarte had told the truth and all the drugs and guns that he had said was there, was actually there plus a lot more. There were seven men on duty guarding the stash but they were distracted by a rather involved game of poker. Tony was in and out without them ever getting up from the table.
***
Tony called the Colonel the following morning. “It’s all there Colonel. I saw it with my own eyes. We have to raid it now! It looks like they’re getting ready to move the gun cache,” Tony said with a lot of excitement.
“It’s a job for ATF (Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms) and the DEA (Drug Enforcement Agency). I’ll contact them as soon as we get off the phone.” Colonel Brandywine wasn’t as excited as Tony and he already knew what Tony was about to say.
“But Colonel, It’ll take the Feds days to set up a raid. The guns may be gone by then. There’s no telling who that asshole sold them to. People could be dying tomorrow because we failed to act today. We have to move now! Last night there were only seven guards in the warehouse. I watched yesterday and today and there’s actually fewer Guards during the day.
“My hands are tied, Tony. It’s not an NIS matter. We have no jurisdiction,” the Colonel said in resignation.
“What if naval personnel were involved?  Could you do anything then?”
“Yes but…Tony, what are you thinking?” he asked knowing Tony was brewing up some wild scheme.
“I need you to bring in George Vasquez for questioning. He’s at Silky’s Night Club on Union Avenue every day at noon. He has a friend there that gives him free drinks and food before they open. I would like to be the one to interrogate him, please sir.”
“Not unless you tell me what you’re going to do!”
“Okay, Colonel. I’ll be there in twenty minutes,” Tony said and hung up the phone.
Twenty minutes later, Tony was sitting across from the Brandywine telling him his plan. It was simple…simplistic would be a more accurate word. Tony would go into the warehouse following a lead on another case and allow himself to be captured by the guards. Then NIS would come save him if he didn’t get shot first. Brandywine didn’t like it.
“First of all, I can’t let you walk in there and possibly start a firefight. We have rules about entering private property without a warrant. Secondly, you don’t exist. How do I explain that we went in to rescue an Officer in distress when you’re not even on the books? They’ll investigate and find out that I’ve been using you to get around the red tape and bureaucratic regulations and we’ll both be out of a job.”
“Well, send someone else with me! I can vanish when the cops get there,” Tony suggested.
“That could work but there’s still the problem of warrants. They may not even open the door and then they’ll be on to us and move. In fact, this isn’t even our case anymore. You’ve found the mole. That’s where our mandate ended. I just haven’t picked Duarte up yet per your request. To be honest, I’m tempted to pick him up now just to keep you from getting yourself hurt.”
“Colonel, catching the guy that is buying and selling Navy secrets does fall under our mandate. It does go beyond what you were technically assigned to do but stopping now doesn’t finish the job. The leak may be stopped temporarily but the underlying problem still exists.” Tony paused for a moment then started again. “Isn’t this why you chose me…to get around the Bureaucratic bullshit? Just let me go in there! You call the Memphis Police and report gunfire at that address at whatever time we decide. I’ll be there so I can make sure no cops get surprised and hurt. Whatever happens, NIS won’t be involved. You asked me to tell you my plans but then you tell me I can’t do it. You brought me on board to get around the red tape then you tie my hands with that same red tape. It doesn’t make sense. And if you don’t know what I am about to do, you are free from responsibility.” Tony paused another moment then spoke again. “Please sir, I need to have George Vasquez in interrogation. That’s why I came to you.”
The Colonel sighed and said “Your right!”
Tony was completely taken by surprise. He had not expected that.
“Excuse me, sir? What did you say?”
“Get out! I sent my boys to pick up Vasquez right after you called. They should be back within the hour. And Tony?”
“Sir?”
“Whatever you do…be careful!”
“Aye-Aye, sir!”
As he walked down the hall, he mumbled to himself out loud, “I should have just torched the damn warehouse. That’s the last time I listen to Levi!”
***
Tony walked into the interrogation room and sat down. He placed a file in front of him and opened it. The file was just a prop. Tony hadn’t had time to do a proper dossier on Vasquez. He didn’t really need it. He pretended to read a page. Only then did he look up at the Mexican sitting across from him. George Vasquez was brought in by the Colonel’s men a half hour earlier but Tony wanted him to sit alone in the room for a while. Tony had selected him specifically because he was the only Latino on the Dutchman’s crew. He was more likely not to have a following in any click within the crew. Tony knew that gangs within gangs loosened the fabric of their organization. Ordinarily, ethnic divisions are apparent in any organization. Caucasians group together. Latinos group together. African Americans group together as do Asians. It’s sad but largely true. A single Latino in an otherwise diverse organization is more likely to be vulnerable. That’s what Tony wanted. His support group back in the crew will probably be few if any. The Dutchman may suspect him of betrayal and no one would vouch for him…maybe. It didn’t really matter anyway. Tony just needed to take the focus off Jonathan Smyth when the warehouse was raided by the authorities.
“Hello, Mr. Vasquez. My name is Tony Russo,” he said as he sat back and propped his feet on the table.
Ten minutes later, Vasquez asked “Aren’t you going to ask any questions, man?”
“No!”
“Okay,” Vasquez said showing his confusion as well as relief.
After a half hour, Vasquez’s impatience was showing. “Then what am I doing here?”
“Shut up!”
Tony fiddled with his pencil as he observed Vasquez. He had a long nasty scar running from his ear to the corner of his mouth. Pock marks dotted his face and his teeth were atrocious. A single gold incisor sparkled beside a host of ill-treated, yellowed, cigarette stained compatriots. Hygiene was obviously not discussed in the Dutchman’s employee manual. Tony decided to wait a little longer then leave. An hour later, Tony stood, closed the file and started for the door. “You’re free to go, Mr. Vasquez. Wait here. You’ll be escorted out momentarily.”
***
“What the hell was that? It was supposed to be an interrogation! I know we didn’t train you for that but I thought you knew you were supposed to ask questions!” Colonel Brandywine bellowed.
“I didn’t think he knew anything that I didn’t already know,” Tony said arrogantly.
“Then why did you have us bring him in? Did you think we were bored up here and needed something to do?”
“I needed the Dutchman to know we brought him in. Vasquez will go back and tell him that we, specifically Tony Russo, didn’t ask him a single question. That’s absolutely preposterous and the Dutchman won’t believe him. When the warehouse is raided, Dutch boy will think Vasquez leaked it. Jonathan Smyth goes on without implication.”
The Colonel just shook his head from side to side and said, “Why can’t you just tell me what you’re doing before you do it? Is it so hard to believe that I’ll agree with you?”
“Begging your pardon sir but didn’t we just have this conversation? Anyway, this was such a ‘small thing’ that it actually never even occurred to me. Sorry sir!”
The Colonel gave something that resembled a smile and said, “I’m really glad Miss Duvall is the one that comes in here with your reports. If you were here every week, I think I’d have to resign.”
“You get reports from me every week?”
“Yes, Sandy brings them in every Wednesday at fourteen hundred hours like clockwork. She was here a moment ago while you were in interrogation. Even when there is nothing to report, she reports it. I was so wrong about her. She’s really a very sweet girl.” Brandywine paused for a moment and looked at Tony. “You’re not writing the reports, are you?”
Tony looked at his watch. “I have to go, sir! Remember to call the Memphis Police at exactly…” Tony checked his watch again, “sixteen hundred hours, sir. Thank you!” Tony ducked out of the office before Brandywine could respond.
***
Once back in Memphis, Tony drove around the block and scouted the warehouse. It was one thing to break in at night. It was a totally different thing in the day time. He may still be able to get to the second floor window without being seen. Fortunately, there was virtually no pedestrian traffic and the drainpipe wasn’t visible from the main road. However, there was a glass office building behind the warehouse that offered easy view of his desired point of entry. His climb would be visible from there. It wouldn’t matter if he timed it right, the police would be on their way anyway in thirty minutes. He figured that he could climb up, get in, and disarm the guards in about ten minutes; barring any accidents. Brandywine will call the police at four o’clock. The warehouse is in the city so it’ll only take them only a couple of minutes to arrive. So Tony just had to wait twenty minutes to start moving.
He hung out at a park a few blocks away and watched a puppy chase some squirrels while he thought. The warehouse guards probably had some type of silent alarm to alert their people if something went wrong. He would have to incapacitate them before any such device could be triggered. He was also thinking of how he was going to escape the building after the police arrived. The cops would probably send a single car to check out the validity of the call. Once Tony fired a shot or two at the car, the area around the building will be swarming with trigger happy cops within minutes. He needed to get out the moment he fired the shots. There was a rear entrance to the building. It was locked from the inside but since he’ll be inside already that shouldn’t be a problem. Just then he realized he needed some way to restrain the men after he captured them. An automotive store was a block away. The plastic slip ties used to secure the wire harness in cars would be perfect. He went and made the purchase then walked to the front of the glass office building and entered the glass double doors. The lobby was empty of people except for a single receptionist. Tony smiled at her and walked by as if he belonged. Down the hallway and past the elevators was a canteen area and a janitorial closet. Beyond that, a rear exit. There was a single wide, push bar emergency door. It was unlocked and a wedge propped it open. The rear area was apparently designated as a smoking area for the office workers. It was perfect.
It was time to begin. Tony continued out the back door of the glass building and quickly crossed the alley to the warehouse. He was up the drainpipe in thirty seconds and down the stairs on the inside in another two minutes. He counted only four men guarding the place. They were seated and playing poker just like the men the night before. He had expected more men but didn’t have time to do a proper survey. Rushing onto the large bay floor; he yelled, “Freeze,” and continued forward until he was upon them. Two men froze in surprise. One man stood but left his gun hanging by its strap from the corner of his chair. The third man, with his back to Tony, spun around holding a pistol. He was immediately hammered unconscious with the butt of Tony’s pistol.
“You three against the wall! Move!” Tony heard movement to his left. He brought his gun around and spotted an armed man raising his gun on the landing overlooking the open floor. A single shot left Tony’s gun and hit the man center mass. He fell over the railing and made a sickening crack as he landed head first on the concrete deck. Tony’s gun was pointed back at the other three before the man hit the ground.
“You…bind their hands behind their backs. Make them tight!” Tony said to the man on the left as he threw the plastic restraints on the table. The man complied.
“Now, you two sit down. You…tie them to the chair!” He again complied.
“Now, turn around, loop a tie and put it around your wrists behind your back.” He did. Tony put his right foot against the man’s arm and pulled the makeshift handcuff’s tight with his free hand, never taking his gun off the man.
“Sit!” Tony then secured him to the chair and checked the other’s bindings and patted them all down, removing their pocket knives and other weapons. Then he sat the unconscious man in a chair and secured him. Checking his watch, he saw he still two minutes till the call goes to the cops. There apparently weren’t any more guards so Tony went and opened the large roll up garage door. Then he walked to the back door and checked the lock. It was a simple door knob lock and a large wooden board extended across the door between two iron catches. He removed the board, turned the knob and cracked the door. Still, he had time so he walked slowly back to the warehouse floor and waited from the police to arrive. With a clear view of the open bay door and of his captives, he watched as they squirmed and tried to free themselves. Tony tapped the butt of his gun on one of the weapons crates to get their attention. When they looked toward him, he shook his head and pointed the gun at them. At three minutes after four, a reflection caught Tony’s eye just before a police car inched into view. He let go two quick shots through the open garage door. One struck the right front fender and the other blew the right front tire. Tony saw the policeman duck in his seat and grab his radio. There was no reason to wait around any longer so he picked up his spent shell casings and bolted for the rear door. He was in the glass building within seconds. From an empty office on the fifth floor, Tony watched as dozens of police cars and a SWAT team surrounded the place. Then he left.


Chapter 9: The Sun Dance Kid
***
“Today’s top news: four men are in custody and one man is dead following a raid on a warehouse this afternoon in lower Memphis. The warehouse was apparently being used to store large quantities of drugs and illegal weapons. Our sources tell us that the raid comes after months of exhaustive detective work and surveillance by the Memphis Police Department. The street value of the illegal contraband is estimated by authorities to be at 7.2 million dollars…the largest single bust in Memphis history. More at eleven. In other news…”
Tony switched off the television. Sitting beside him, Natasha asked, “How can they lie like that?”
“I’m sure the Russian news is much more unbiased and trustworthy,” he said as he nudged her. “Anyway, it doesn’t matter. I got what I wanted. It might have been better if I had let the ATF guys follow the guns to whomever was buying them but the guns might have been gone by the time the Feds were in position. I suppose I could have put tracking devices in some of the crates. I just didn’t think about it. I learned a long time ago that my first instinct is usually right. When I second guess myself, things always end up being worse. I wanted to piss the Dutchman off and I think it’s safe to say that was most likely accomplished.”
They sat quietly for a while with Natasha curled up and leaning against his arm. She seemed to want to say something but she could see he was deep in thought. Finally she could take the silence no more. “What’s wrong Tony?” she asked.
Tony looked at her and debated whether to talk to her about it. He really didn’t want to talk at all but Natasha was a part of him now and deserved to know what he was feeling. Softly, he said, “I killed a man today without even thinking about it, without hesitation and without remorse. I felt nothing! He was a bad guy but what if he had a wife and kids at home waiting for him. What if doing bad things was the only way he could support them. I took another man’s life without blinking an eye. What kind of person am I? Is this who I want to be? Is this who I already am? Soon, I will have to take more lives. Thinking about it like this could cause me to hesitate at the wrong time and get myself killed.”
Natasha thought for a minute while she stroked his hair. “Would that man have shot you? Yes, he would have. He chose the job he had the same as a Soldier chooses his profession. There is a chance they will die and they know it. The person on the other side that kills them is not morally responsible to him or his family. You did the only thing you could have. The man you killed was a bad man and you kept those guns and drugs out of the hands of children and criminals. Was it the only choice he had to take care of his family? No! There’s always the choice to do the right thing and he chose wrong. You did the right thing, Tony!”
“Thanks, Tasha,” he said not entirely placated. But he didn’t want to talk about it anymore. “I guess I need to not think about it anymore. I’ll let Levi be my conscience. He seems compelled to be it anyway.”
“Speaking of Levi…you talk so much about him. Why haven’t I met him yet?”
“I kind of try to keep my work separate from my friends. I don’t want them exposed or get involved in my problems. Levi feels compelled to give me advice and he showed up and helped me at the bar a few times but I really don’t want him involved either. He’s my best friend and I want to protect him,” Tony said not realizing the mistake he just made.
“I’m not your best friend? I am work?” She said in mock anger. She knew what Tony was saying but wanted to torment him for his exclusion of her.
“Yes, you are my best friend too. I didn’t mean it that way. You are much more than my friend. You are everything to me. If you hadn’t been directly involved from the beginning, you wouldn’t be involved now.” He paused then said, “And yes, you are work! I have to put the toilet seat down and drink milk from a glass. I have wash my hands before I eat and shower when I’m not dirty. But…it’s the best job I ever had. I wouldn’t trade you for a bowl of butter pecan ice cream!” He smiled childishly and leaned over to kiss her cheek.
She popped him on the shoulder and said, “I knew what you meant. I was just teasing you. But I would like to meet him. If he is that important to you then he is to me too.”
“Maybe when I get out of the Navy and get a real job. Our enlistments are up in less than two years. Sometime soon you and I need to figure out how to keep you here in the States. I mean if you want to stay,” he said waiting for her to respond.
“You know I do, Tony. I don’t see how until the Soviet Union falls and Russia is opened to the West. My brother says it will be soon but I doubt he meant within the next two years. I can’t defect. My family would perish. I’m certain that I could get a job at the Embassy in Washington, DC. But I would be under constant supervision and you would be considered a hostile.
“I’ll find a way! We’ll worry about it later, I guess.”
***
After the raid on the warehouse, the Dutchman’s men were running constant surveillance of the tavern. Tony just sat and waited. This wasn’t what he had originally planned. In the very beginning, he had only wanted to arrange a drug buy or arms deal. He just wanted to get the Dutchman on camera and he would have evidence to prosecute. Since he, as Jonathan Smyth, had let the Dutchman know that Tony Russo was a Navy cop, he expected attempted murder to be added to the charges. That was his first mistake. By letting the Dutchman know that he was a Navy cop, he virtually ensured that the Dutchman would never set foot on the premises. It didn’t take Tony long to realize that he really didn’t have the expertise or experience to coordinate a proper sting operation. He knew so little about drugs and guns that even his terminology was lacking. The plan mutated and became what it was now. Now, Tony just wanted to know who the Dutchman was and to put a face to the monster. He had given up on getting him on camera. There was no way that the Dutchman would come on the premises. In Tony’s self-examination, he concluded that it was his own ineptitude that had botched this operation. He hadn’t been trained for this type of covert operations and his inexperience had locked him into a situation that was going to get people killed, hopefully not himself.
He sat there dressed in black military tactical pants and a black tee shirt. Two nine millimeter pistols were holstered under each arm and a utility belt full of ammunition clips and survival gear hung snugly just above his hips. Another belt was draped loosely on his hips holding a holster and a forty-five caliber pistol that was tied to his right thigh like a gun slinger. Sitting in the corner of the bar room with his heavy, polished, combat boots propped on a table; he faced both the front windows and the doorway to a short hallway that led to the front door. The front door was heavy and made of solid oak with a metal covering. Anything less than a 357 magnum would not penetrate it. Narrow windows on both sides of the door and a small peep hole in the center were the only way to view outside from there.
The bar room itself was small when compared to average bars. It was fifteen meters by ten meters. It had an Irish pub kind of feel to it. The windows were the average kind found in any home from the turn of the century. Caste iron bars adorned the outside of each window around the entire building. The glass panes in the bar room were painted black. People came here to escape the world. They didn’t want stare out at it while they drank. Directly opposite the windows was a twenty foot bar. A giant mirror ran its length and covered the wall behind it all the way to the ceiling. Many times, Tony had sat at a bar like this one and stared at his reflection. Not out of vanity…well, not always…but out of self-reflection. Looking at the man in the mirror often led him to moments of self-discovery.
As Tony sat there sipping on his Dewar’s Scotch, he thought about Butch Cassidy and the Sundance kid. In their final showdown they faced an army of South American Federal troops in a town in Bolivia. With armed troops lining the rooftops and perched in every window, the Bolivian’s knew they had the outlaws trapped. Butch and Sundance knew it too. They could surrender or die. They ran out into the town square with guns blazing and were cut down within seconds. Tony wasn’t contemplating that action but he thought it was somehow romantic; to make a stand and go down fighting, facing death toe to toe.
He suspected that the Dutchman’s men wouldn’t take too long to rush the building. They were only watching it now, hoping to end it quickly with a sniper shot. He really hoped that all of the RPG’s had been in the warehouse when it was raided. One rocket propelled grenade could end things very quickly. Anyway, Tony expected them to mass forces when they realized they couldn’t take him out cleanly. Once they began gathering forces, things would begin to move fast. It would have to. That many armed men wouldn’t go unnoticed for long even in this isolated area. The phone lines had been cut already so he guessed they thought he was totally isolated. They were naïve if they thought that. He had a radio and a satellite phone but had no intention of using them. He created this mess and wasn’t going to let anyone else get hurt coming to aide him. He did wonder why they hadn’t cut the power lines yet. That would have been the smart thing to do. In the August heat, the bar with all the windows closed and no fans working would have become insufferable. As it was, he was sitting in an air-conditioned room while they dripped sweat in the humidity and swatted at mosquitoes.
***
The following afternoon, Tony saw many more men arriving. Duarte showed up briefly and looked as if he were giving instructions. Then he left. “Why is he here?” Tony wondered aloud. He said he didn’t participate in these things. Why was a pencil pushing traitor giving instructions? He’d have to think about it later. It was about to begin. They were concealing themselves along the tree line around the perimeter about a hundred yards away. Just as dusk was falling, he heard a knock at the door. “Very gracious of them to knock first,” Tony thought as he pulled a gun from its holster. He walked back to the office and, on his surveillance camera, sees Natasha standing outside. He holstered his gun and ran frantically to the front door.
“Tasha, what are you doing here?” he asked as he opened the door, roughly pulled her inside, slamming it shut again.
“I brought you something to eat! Why are you angry with me?” she asked as if Tony had slapped her.
“Where’s Morris and Donovan?” he said ignoring her question.
“I slipped out without them seeing me. It was actually quite easy. I called a taxi from the corner store and here I am,” she said proudly.
Tony was getting a very frantic now. He checked the parking lot though the blinds and then roughly pulled Natasha away through the hallway and into the bar room. I think if Morris and Donovan had been there, Tony would have beat the crap out of them. “Natasha…honey, there was a reason that I wanted you to stay away from here. Right now, there are twenty or more armed men surrounding this place. They could have killed you at any time after you entered the parking lot. The fact that you took a cab is probably why they didn’t fire on you. They’ve got snipers behind nearly every other tree. It isn’t safe here!” He looked up and saw she was nearly in tears. He went to her and put his arms around her. “I’m sorry, baby! This just isn’t where you should be. I wanted you safely away from what will happen very soon. I love you, Tsarina. I just wanted you to be safe.”
“I’m sorry, Tony. I was just worried. I know what’s about to happen. I want to help! I belong here with you…beside you!” Her voice was soft yet determined.
Tony looked down into her teary eyes and pulled her to his chest. “It’s okay, baby.” As he held her in his arms, he saw the unmistakable red glow of laser pointers trying to penetrate the blackened windows. “Get Down!” he screamed as he pulled her flat to the floor. Windows shattered and the twenty foot mirror behind the bar disintegrated in a shower of falling projectiles. Tony hadn’t heard any guns firing. “They’re using silencers.” Tony pulled the guns from his shoulder holsters and handed her one. “Here, take this. The safety is off so be careful. Crawl back into the office. Stay on the floor until you get there. There aren’t any windows in the office so you should be safe. Go to the back wall and trip the main breaker. We need to cut the power. Then drop down into the tunnel. Head to the river as fast as you can. You need to get past the bat cave before the bats start migrating out. “He checked his watch. “That should be in about twenty five minutes. Don’t press any buttons and don’t push down any levers. When you reach the end of the cave, turn your flashlight off. There’s a plunge trigger at the river in a canoe covered with brush. It’s not active but please don’t mess with it! You got all that?” Tony waited for her to nod her understanding. “Okay…go! You’ll be okay. I’ll be right behind you. Oh, be sure and get the flashlight off the desk before you kill the lights.”
Tony watched her as she crawled away. She was no longer scared. She even seemed to be smiling. Although he had long ago came to the conclusion that she was not spy as he had first fantasized, he questioned how she could be so composed in this situation. Had she, like him, secretly dreamed of the adventure and danger of espionage or being a secret agent? Perhaps, he thought, but people were shooting at them so maybe he should devote his attention to that instead. He turned his attention back to the Dutchman’s boys. The sniping had stopped and all was quiet. Tony crawled over and loosened the long, thick drape that he had mounted over the windows. He hadn’t anticipated still being in the bar room after their initial attack but had put the drapes up anyway as a precaution. He was thankful he had. As he dropped the drapes, he peeked out and saw movement. They should be crossing the parking lot by now. He just needed to hold them off for fifteen minutes. He knew he couldn’t set off any explosives yet. He had timed himself several times going down the shaft and his best time was fifteen minutes. He had also set fire to one of the buildings in the back, then called the fire department. It took them fifteen minutes to arrive. Of course it would take them longer if no one called so he may have a little extra time there. Now, he had to give Natasha a fifteen minute head start and then set off the first charges. Then it would take him fifteen minutes or more to get to the river. He needed to wait fifteen minutes before he could set off the first charge and a full half hour for the final explosives. Any more time than that and the police and fire departments could possibly already be on site and he couldn’t blow the remaining charges. It also occurred to him that he may be going down the shaft just as the bats were coming up. Just at that moment, the lights went out.
He reached up and let out three shots into the growing dusk. Then he immediately dropped to the floor. More windows shattered and bullets buried themselves in the wall behind him. The drapes danced. Moving over to a different spot, he let one more shot go. Soft thuds sounded as bullets pelted the aged plaster where the mirror used to be. All the windows were apparently gone. He figured it would take them a couple of minutes to start moving forward again so he exited to the office. His computer screens for the security cameras lit the room in a soft blue aura. He had put that computer and all the cameras on an emergency generator since he knew that would be his last stop before blowing the parking lot. Looking at his watch, only six minutes had passed. The cameras showed several men scurrying across the parking lot. He needed to stall some more so he ran back to the bar room and let off a couple more shots and dropped to the floor. After the inevitable barrage of bullets, he crawled back to the computer screen. The men had backed off. This was so frustrating but he had to give Natasha time. Five more minutes passed and the thugs began their assault yet again but slower and with more caution. Then he heard the sound of windows breaking at the side of the building. Tony looked at the monitor for that side of the building and it was dark. The cameras on that side of the building had apparently been disabled by the Dutchman’s assault team. If they had gotten through the iron bars and were in the building on that side then Tony couldn’t get to the basement. It would have been better, Tony thought. He could have led them through the alternate tunnel and away from Natasha, avoiding the bats. His other flashlight was placed at that tunnel entrance. He hadn’t expected to need two flashlights at each entrance. It didn’t matter though. Natasha should be past the bat cave by now and he had been up and down that shaft so many times that he knew it by heart.
More noise sounded as the front door was battered down. Just a minute more and they would enter the office. Tony unplugged the computer and all was dark. He then triggered four Claymore mines and one incendiary. The explosions outside rocked the tavern and shattered any windows that had remained unbroken. The only two cars in the lot exploded and filled the darkness with a fiery orange light and black billowing smoke. Screams from several men could be heard over the sound of the roaring flames. One man was consumed in flames and was floundering aimlessly through the yard, flailing his arms and eventually falling to the scorched asphalt. He appeared to be screaming but Tony heard no sound coming from his mouth.
The men coming through the front door hadn’t slowed. They were at the door leading into the bar room before Tony could get back to the office and the trap door. He rushed to the door and got there just as the men came rushing through. Without thinking, Tony reached out grabbed the automatic rifle of the first man, pulling him forward into the room. The second man, momentarily surprised, just stood there. Tony side kicked him, putting the heel of his boot in the center of his throat crushing his windpipe. He dropped to his knees gasping for breath with his hands clutching his neck. The first man was already back on his feet and lunged for Tony. Tony rolled out of the way like a football player and grabbed the back if his neck as he passed. Then he pushed him forward, using the man’s own forward momentum, and drove his head into the corner of the door jamb. His skull imploded on impact. Yet another man appeared and raised his rifle at him. Tony, still holding the recently deceased against the door jamb, pulled him up and pushed him forward. The third man, seeing the freshly opened skull coming toward him, took a step back. Tony bounded over the dead man and fell on top of the other man. Rolling around like wrestlers, neither man could really damage the other. Tony pushed away and bounced up. The other man did the same. Ten seconds later, Tony was standing over the bodies of two more men. He really didn’t remember what had happened and didn’t remember the fourth guy even entering the room. He just reacted and the men went down. “Wow! This Marine shit works!” Tony said aloud. His adrenaline was through the roof and he thought his heart was about to jump out of his chest. At that point, he noticed he was in the wrong room and more men were coming from two different directions. He ran through the barroom as bullets pelted the wall on his left. He didn’t fire back because the fire from the end of his gun would give away his exact position. Barely making it back to the office, he slid like a baseball player the last six feet straight to the hole in the floor.
Once in position, he dangled his feet in the hole and waited. As he held his gun pointed up, he felt something wet and warm running down his right arm. His hand and forearm were soon soaked. He knew it was blood but didn’t feel any pain. Feeling his right arm and hand with his left hand, he discovered the tip of his index finger was just a mass of dangling flesh and splintered bone. “Shit!” he muttered out load. He set his gun down quickly and wrapped his finger with a piece of his torn shirt. Then he picked his gun back up with his left hand. He had never been able to shoot straight with that hand but he had to stop the bleeding in his right. While he sat there dripping blood, he ejected the nearly empty clip from his gun and put in a fresh clip. At that moment, he realized he could have just shot those men and he wouldn’t have hurt his finger. Why he hadn’t thought of it then, he hadn’t a clue. Again, Tony waited. Now, he wanted them to hurry so they could see his exit but they were taking too long. He guessed the bodies lying around had given them pause. Pulling the trap door, he slammed it down with a loud bang. Footsteps headed his direction. As the flashlights of two more guns illuminated the room, Tony fired two shots and dropped feet first into the hole, landing at the bottom of the ladder. As his head dropped below the floor, the room was peppered with dozens of rounds from the automatic weapons. After he hit the tunnel floor, he darted under the cover of the side tunnel and waited. When a flashlight shone straight down the shaft, he reached out sideways a put a shot straight up. That was just to slow them down again. The dirt at the bottom of the ladder started spitting as the men fired blindly into the hole. He tucked his gun back into its holster and took off running into the pitch black tunnel, feeling his way with his hands. It wasn’t that hard for him. He had counted the steps many times before and knew where the low spots were in the ceiling. When he reached the main tunnel, it was more difficult. It dropped at a forty five degree angle and jagged slate rocks jutted unevenly up from the floor. He had to slide on his rear end, feet first with his hands behind him. He didn’t have time to worry about his hand. Whenever he could, he would clench his right fist to try and stay the bleeding. If he could just make it around the first bend before any flashlights illuminated the cave, he should be all right. The jagged rocks should slow down the other men considerably, at least long enough for him to get to the cavern.
“Where are the bats?” Tony asked aloud. They should be swarming up the shaft by now. But they were nowhere to be seen. Maybe they sensed a storm coming. He really didn’t know if they could do that or not. He didn’t even know if they flew in the rain or not. They probably didn’t he reasoned. Insects didn’t fly in the rain and they were the reason the bats flew. Voices broke him from his thoughts. The echoes of the men following him sounded pretty far back but he knew echoes can be misleading. Still, he couldn’t see any sign of their lights yet. His eyes were very well adjusted to the darkness by now but the blackness was so complete that it didn’t matter. He was totally blind. But in his mind he could see the path. As he moved forward, he used his ears as his eyes. He heard the sound of the wind change as he entered the main cavern. Water dripping from the roof splashed when it hit a puddle and splattered when it hit solid rock. He could judge the distance of the sounds and knew when to step over a rock or side step a stalactite. The absence of water dripping indicated a column. He could hear the gentle rush of the water gathering and running down through the cavern. He knew that tiny stream led to a pool at the other end of the cavern before it ran under the wall and into another hidden cavern. The smell of the bat cave grew stronger and their shrill calls grew louder. Then light flooded the cavern. Tony dropped to the ground. He was directly in front of the bat cave now. A light passed over his still form but he was invisible to the invaders. At that distance, he looked like any other rock.
Tony quickly shot four rounds into the bat cave. The muzzle flash was blinding and the sound deafening. He quickly rolled away from the cave. Tens of thousands of bats came shrieking into the cavern like pissed off hornets. They swirled around within the cave like a tornado then headed for the exit. Tony could barely see the lights through the thick mass off rodents but did see one light move erratically and fall into the cavern. Another pointed upwards and the gun was apparently fired into the air at the mass. Now was the time to make a dash for the tunnel leading to the river. Explosives were planted there and he could cave in the exit to the river.
As Tony dropped down into the river tunnel from the darker cavern, he was amazed by how light it was. He could see the entrance and it appeared as if it were daylight outside. It was nearly midnight so knew it wasn’t but his eyes had become so accustomed to the total absence of light that night time darkness was relatively brilliant. He ran for the river full speed and suddenly slid to a stop. He had almost forgot to blow the tunnel in his haste to escape the darkness. He looked for the trigger but couldn’t find it. A moment ago it seemed light and now he couldn’t see anything. “Screw it!” he said aloud and again took off running towards the light.
When he reached the end, he stopped and breathed in deeply shaking off the sense of claustrophobia. Scanning the riverside for Natasha, he spied her standing alongside the canoe waiting. She had pulled the brush away from it and was pacing nervously.
“Tasha!” he called softly.
“Tony, I was so worried. Where have you been? What took you so long?” she cried out a little too loudly.
“I stopped and got some donuts. I hope you like Bavarian cream!” he laughed as he jumped down from the twenty foot cliff to the sandy riverside beach.
“Chocolate covered I hope!”
“Is there any other kind?” Tony said as he ran to her, picked her up in his arms and kissed her roughly. Adrenaline still coursed through his body. “We have to hurry. I didn’t get to blow the tavern or the tunnel. They’re on their way.” He really doubted they would even be able to find the river tunnel from the cavern but he knew it was dangerous to under estimate people. Tony ran to the canoe and pulled it to the edge of the Mississippi. He took the plunge trigger out and placed it beside the boat. Locating the two wires that were connected to his backup generator, he hooked them to their posts. Natasha walked up beside him and handed him his gun and flashlight back. He holstered the gun and tossed the light in the bottom of the canoe then turned his attention back to the explosives trigger.
“Would you like to do the honors, Miss Ledkenski?” he said chivalrously.
“It would be a great honor, sir. But don’t you want to?”
He shook his head and said, “No ma’am, please hurry!”
She grabbed the tee of the plunger cautiously and paused. Tony saw the entrance of the tunnel getting lighter and lighter. They had found the river shaft.
He looked back at Natasha and anxiously said, “Tasha…sweetheart, we can keep it and take it home with us. You can spend all the time you want with it then. For now could you please press the plunger down?”
She smiled and pushed the plunger back to Tony. “This is your crusade, Tony. I’m not sure I want to cause the death of anyone. Actually, I am sure I don’t want that. I don’t think I can do it.”
“You’re right! I wasn’t thinking about that. Get in the canoe, babe.” She did and Tony pushed it into deeper water while mashing the plunger down with his foot. He jumped in and immediately began paddling. A sharp crack sounded in the distance and a dull orange glow emanated from over the tree line a quarter mile away. A second larger blast rocked the same spot. The hundred and twenty year old tavern vanished in a ball of flames. As if dominoes were falling, blasts began cascading closer and closer until flames shot from the mouths of the two tunnels. Tony saw the silhouettes of four men fly from one cave entrance followed by a ball of flame. Then everything was totally quiet.
“Is it over?” Natasha asked innocently as if she has watching a fireworks show.
“Yep, that’s it!” he said as he maneuvered the canoe around so that he could paddle backwards. Then he took long, strong strokes with the oars. Within seconds, they were nearly out of the lagoon.
A deep rumbling sound began to reverberate from the hillside. They were not yet into the rivers main channel and the water’s surface was placid and calm. Spicules on the surface started forming at an ever increasing rate. It was like when a glass of water is set on a washing machine during the spin cycle. It took Tony only seconds to figure out what was happening. He began rowing furiously towards the center of the river.
“What’s happening, Tony?” Natasha muttered in an alarmed tone.
“I think we broke the mountain!”
“What?”
“There must have been a lot more tunnels and caves in there. We might have stressed them to a point of catastrophic collapse. Like when a house of cards collapses. Levi is going to be soooo pissed.”
The orange glow at the top of the hill suddenly went dark. Then the thundering crescendo of millions of tons of rock falling in on itself drowned out the initial rumbles of the falling hill. The horizon that existed seconds before dropped below the level of the river and a void was created that would soon be filled with the water that was in front of Tony and Natasha’s puny conveyance. That vacuum was soon pulling their little canoe backwards. Tony continued paddling furiously.
“All that gold and you could not get a boat with a motor?” Natasha asked jokingly trying to hide her fear. She had to yell over the noise of the greedy river.
“The dealer said this was a real chic magnet,” Tony yelled back. 
“Hold on!”
They were sucked into the vacuum of swirling water but managed to stay upright and afloat. Fortunately, most of the void was filled before they were pulled into it. But the tumultuous cauldron could still topple them, pull them under, or simply smash the canoe into a pile of debris. They were pulled viciously over mangled trees and huge boulders, but rode out the worst of it without too much damage to the boat. After five extremely long minutes, they were actually making headway back toward the center of the river. Tony exhaled heavily and wiped his brow. He looked back, still breathing heavily, and broadly smiled at Natasha. Over to the river’s edge, he saw that everything was gone. The bluffs were erased like they had never existed. The river ruled where land once was. The tavern and all evidence of the turmoil of the last forty five minutes all vanished forever. A new river channel ran a quarter mile inland where land had once been and the mud shoals on the opposite bank, under the water moments before, were now the new coastline. Tony’s explosives had not only leveled the hill, they had changed the course of the mighty Mississippi itself. Now, it was over. Natasha and Tony floated in the quiet darkness heading toward the bright city of Memphis.
“That was fun!” said Natasha sarcastically to break the silence. “Where are we going now?”
“Not too far! There’s a hole in the boat,” he responded nonchalantly.
Natasha looked down and saw the water rising ever so slowly. “Anyone ever tell you that you are a really fun date?”
Tony turned and smiled at her. It seemed nothing could rattle her. “You know I really love you, right?”
They passed Memphis without trying to paddle ashore. Tony pulled a back pack from the bottom of the canoe and strapped it on. It was designed as a floating device and he thought he would need it considering all the other weight he was carrying. The guns weren’t necessary anymore but he wanted to hold on to them just in case. The combat boots, he had borrowed from a Marine helicopter pilot so he had to keep them too. The backpack also contained some other survival gear that he thought he might need. Only then did he realize that he hadn’t packed any food. After twenty minutes, water half-filled the boat. “There’s a small island just a couple of more miles ahead. I think we’ll get to it before we sink completely. Is it too soon in our relationship to ask you if you can swim?”
She muffled a laugh, “Yes, I can swim. Why did we not just paddle straight to shore?” she asked.
“You’ll see. What did you bring me for dinner?”
“What?” She asked looking confused.
“You brought dinner to the tavern. What was it?”
“Chinese food. Why?”
“Because it might be the last thing we didn’t get to eat for a while! With Chinese food, we’ll be hungry an hour after not eating it…maybe even sooner.” Tony smiled feebly at her. “Sorry, bad humor seems to be my thing today.”
“Every day…I think!” She winked and kissed his direction.


Chapter 10: Gilligan and Papa Bear
***
Twenty five minutes after their narrow escape, and after continuous paddling by Tony with Natasha diligently scooping out water with her shoes, the canoes top edge dropped below the surface of the water. Then like a rock, it dropped from beneath their feet. Tony wasn’t too worried, though. The current was carrying them straight into the island only about a hundred feet away. Still, he was having a lot of trouble staying above water because of all the equipment he was carrying. His combat boots alone felt like twenty pound weights on each leg. He knew this island had a sand bar where the current pushed up against the island. The opposite side had a mud flat that extended well down the river. They just had to get out of the current before being dragged around the side of the island.
“Swim towards that tallest tree in the center. Do you see it? The tree line is darker than the sky. Don’t try to stand until you get right up to the island. The current is strong and may pull your legs out from under you,” Tony yelled to Natasha. She was right beside him but adrenaline was again coursing through his veins so his voice was raised. He hoped she could see the skyline. The sky was incredibly black from cloud cover and the slightly darker tree line was not at all obvious.
Once they were about thirty feet from the shore, the current suddenly died. A sand bar diverted the river to the sides of the island and the water on top of the sand was calm and only about waist deep. Tony and Natasha waded ashore and collapsed.
“You okay?” Tony asked.
“Yes…just tired,” she said breathing heavily.
“I think I drank about three liters of river water. I’ll probably die of dysentery. There’s a clearing on the other side of the island. After we rest up a bit, I’ll take you to it.”
Natasha looked at the threateningly violent sky, held her palm up and said “Great, it’s starting to rain.”
“Yeah, we’d better find shelter before we get wet!” Tony said as he muffled a laugh.
“Smart ass!” She took his arm and pulled him closer.
***
By the time they reached the south side of the island, the rain was coming down in sheets. Tony crossed the clearing and started pulling brush from the edge of the trees.                                       Beneath the debris was a plastic crate marked USMC containing: a pop up tent, two blankets, a pillow, and a few other luxuries. With Natasha’s help, the tent was erected in minutes. They threw the blankets and towels inside before those could get too wet.
“You thought of everything,” she said, happy that they actually had shelter.
“Everything except food. In my defense, I don’t eat a lot and wasn’t expecting company.” Lightning struck in nearby Arkansas and they both looked up. “We’d better get out of this storm,” they both said in unison.
They both began to strip, throwing their wet clothing over the top of the tent. Then they dove in and zipped up the door. “I forgot the lantern!” Tony said as he jumped up and bolted back into the rain. When he returned, Natasha was drying her hair. She had already spread the blankets out with the top one turned down. He hung the propane lantern from a hook in the top of the tent and lit the wick. It was then that Natasha first saw his finger.
“My God, Tony! You’re hurt!” she said in alarm and reached for his hand.
“Yeah, it stopped bleeding sometime while we were on the river. I didn’t hurt then but now it’s beginning to throb a bit.”
Natasha gingerly unwrapped the piece of shirt that Tony had bound it with and gasped. “Tony!” She was speechless after that.
“I’ll be right back,” he said and jumped up and again went out into the storm. When he returned, it was with a first-aid kit and a bottle of Scotch. “Help me dry off. Then we can bandage up the finger.”
“Okay,” she said as if she were in shock. Tony watched her as she sat there unmoving and he dried himself off unaided by her.
“It’s okay, Tasha. It isn’t that bad.”
“Yes it is bad, Tony!” She stressed as tears formed in her eyes.
Tony pulled her to him and wrapped his arm around her. “No! It’s not! It’s just the tip of the finger. I’ll be fine.” Tony thought a bit and realized how much she was overreacting. That was unlike her. “What’s really wrong, Tasha?”
She looked up at Tony thoughtfully for a moment then said, “I guess, when I saw your finger, it was the first time that I realized how much danger you were in tonight. While I was by the river waiting for you to come down, I would not let myself think about it. I just kept pacing and trying to think about other things. You could have died in that cave or in that bar or even when you stormed the warehouse. The reality of it just sort of overwhelmed me when I saw your hand. I’m okay now.” The last sentence she said meekly and unconvincingly.
Tony hugged her tighter, not knowing what to say. He said the first thing that popped into his head. “Gilligan’s Island!”
Confusion crossed her face and she furled her eyebrows. She sniffled and looked up at him. “What?”
“Gilligan’s Island!” Tony repeated.
“Is that the name of this island?”
“You’ve never heard of ‘Gilligan’s Island?’” Tony said in mock shock.
“No, what is ‘Gilligan’s Island?’”
Tony pulled the blanket to his waist, leaned back on his left elbow, and turned to face her. “Well, it’s arguably the most important work ever done in television media. In my opinion, no situational comedy has rivaled it in the history of electronic media. Every boy from my generation grew up watching it. I suppose it was only American kids but still, it was what defined my adolescence. That and ‘Wild, Wild West’. ‘Gilligan’s Island’ was every bit as culturally relevant as ‘The Brady Bunch’ but ‘Gilligan’s Island’ was at a disadvantage. Girls liked ‘The Brady Bunch’ more. Girls were just sitting around the house doing nothing but watching television while the boys were outside doing chores. The TV companies knew this and gave ‘The Brady Bunch’ much more air time. Personally, I think it was a Communist plot to undermine the social fabric here in America. ‘Gilligan’s Island’ just wasn’t given a fair chance and was never recognized for its true genius.”
“It was that important, huh? A Communist plot…really?” she asked as she wiped her eyes and smiled. She knew Tony was just making this up off the top of his head.
“Yes…a Communist plot. It’s like the hotdog conspiracy. There are ten hotdogs in each package but the buns always come in packs of eight. When I run out of buns, I still have two hotdogs left. I have to buy more buns. But then I’m left with six buns and no hotdogs. I have to buy more hotdogs. Then I’m left with four wienies when the buns are gone. By the time it balances out; I’m broke, fat, clutching my heart, and still uncertain what was in the meat I ate…as well as addicted to hotdogs. The government and economists will claim that it’s just a marketing ploy by the manufacturers to encourage more sales but I think those same manufacturers are controlled by the Soviet Politburo. They are waiting for us Americans to all be penniless, fat, or die of heart disease. Then they’ll invade Hershey, Pennsylvania and take all our chocolate.” Tony kept a serious face as he was talking while Natasha softly muffled her laughter.
“Oh really? Tell me about ‘Gilligan’s Island,’” she said as she snuggled closer.
“What…the Communist plot or the story itself?”
“The story. I’m not sure I can take any more conspiracies,” she remarked still laughing.
Tony squinted his eyes at her. “I didn’t think it was that funny. Maybe you know it’s the truth and are masking the reality of it as absurd. You did suddenly seem to want to know more about ‘Gilligan’s Island.’ Are you trying to change the subject?” It made him feel good to make her laugh.
Still sitting upright, she took his hand and started cleaning and bandaging his finger. “Just tell me the story, you idiot!”
“Well, these seven people went on a short cruise around Hawaii in a small boat called the SS Minnow…maybe the song would tell the story better.” He began singing without waiting for her approval.
***
“Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale
A tale of a fateful trip,
That started from this tropic port, aboard this tiny ship.
The mate was a mighty sailin' man,
The Skipper brave and sure,
Five passengers set sail that day,
For a three hour tour, a three hour tour.
The weather started getting rough,
The tiny ship was tossed.
If not for the courage of the fearless crew
The Minnow would be lost. The Minnow would be lost.
The ship set ground on the shore of this uncharted desert isle
With Gilligan, The Skipper too.
The millionaire and his wife,
The movie star,
The professor and Mary Ann,
Here on Gilligan's Isle.
So this is the tale of our castaways,
They're here for a long long time.
They’ll have to make the best of things. It's an uphill climb.
The first mate and his Skipper too will do their very best,
To make the others comf'terble in their tropic island nest.
No phone, no lights, no motor car, not a single luxury
Like Robinson Crusoe, It’s primitive as can be.
So join us here each week my friends, you're sure to get a smile,
From seven stranded castaways
Here on Gilligan's Isle!”
***
“Lovely rendition! I had not realized that you hurt your voice as well as your hand,” Natasha said grimacing.
Tony smiled and continued, “Gilligan was a genius. He figured out that the real world held nothing compared to his island so he screwed up every attempt they made to get off the island. It was paradise. They had bananas, coconuts, Papayas, and all kinds of fruit. Every week, they would get a new really cool visitor. Astronauts, cosmonauts, American spies, Russian spies, mad scientists, head hunters, and many others all came to the island. The castaway’s clothes never faded or tore during their seven year adventure. The skipper was a fat, bossy dude that always hit Gilligan with his hat. The professor made a car out of bamboo and coconuts. Mr. and Mrs. Howell had suitcases full of cash but couldn’t buy anything. Ginger was the actress so she put on theatrical shows and dressed real sexy. Mary Ann was the farm girl and had a vegetable garden. I liked her better than Ginger. One week, a crate of radioactive seeds floated into the lagoon and she grew some huge vegetables. But when they ate the vegetables, they started growing teeth in their ears or something. I don’t really remember that episode. She could also make some wonderful banana and coconut cream pies even though they didn’t have a cow or a goat on the island. They had a goat once but I think they probably ate it. I think they had a cow once, too. Same outcome as the goat, I imagine. I don’t really know where they got the cream. Can you make coconut cream from coconut milk? I don’t know. It’s called milk but it’s more like coconut flavored water. Like someone grew tired of their Pina Colada and filled their nearly empty glass with water. I really never figured out where they got the milk to make cream. It still ‘itches’ me.” Tony scratched his cheek and looked toward Natasha to see if she was still listening.
Natasha smiled at him and looked down at her boobs.
“Breast milk?” At first Tony made a sour face but then thought about it, raised an eyebrow and smiled. “That might be okay with Ginger and Mary Ann. But with Mrs. Howell? She’s old and wrinkled. Hers would probably be like butter milk.” He paused for a moment more and raised his eyebrow again. “I bet they could make some good biscuits with it, though.”
“I love you, Tony!” She laughed, pushed him flat and pulled the blanket over them. Tony reached up and turned the lantern off.
***
Tony woke up shortly before daybreak and put on a pair of shorts that he had stashed away in the crate. Modesty wasn’t necessarily his strongest quality but, for what he was about to do, it seemed reasonable. Cold water or pain can turn a proud man into a not so proud man. Anyway, Tony was sore all over and didn’t want to move but knew he had to cauterize his finger before it became septic. He wanted to do it before Natasha woke up. If it became infected, chances were it would become gangrenous in three days. Absent from the USMC crate was the proper medicine to sterilize the wound. It was another thing he hadn’t thought to bring. Getting hurt just hadn’t been in the plan. He regretted forgetting the medicine more than the food at this point. Cauterizing wasn’t something that he was relishing in any small fashion. His hand was throbbing beyond even his own expectations and he had gotten very little sleep because of it. Throughout the night he had been sipping on his Scotch but with virtually no relief. Now he was downing it with purpose. As he was getting himself sloshed, he began searching for dry tender for the fire. There was none to be found but he had anticipated this and had a solution. He found the driest wood and brush he could find and piled it in the center of the clearing. In the crate, he had a radio set with a nine volt battery as well as a hand full of steel wool and magnesium thread. He did have a cigarette lighter but that would take forever to light wet wood. When the steel wool is connected to the posts of the battery it causes a reaction that creates a flame hot enough to ignite the magnesium shavings. Within seconds, the fire gets white hot and steam is billowing from the drying wood. Within minutes, there was a crackling hot fire which Tony sat more wood around to dry. After putting the battery back in the two way radio, he slowly walked back to the fire. Now came the hard part. Sitting down close to the fire, he removed the bandage that Natasha had put on him and began picking the splintered bone from the wound. More Scotch! Then, with his Rambo knife that had been sterilizing in the fire, he began cutting away the loose flesh and dangling skin. More than half of every bit of bone and flesh above the last knuckle had to be removed. One piece of flapping flesh was left dangling to cover the exposed bone. More Scotch! Some he poured on the finger and much more he drank. His eyes watered so much that tears were flowing down his cheeks and mixing with his sweat. It was so excruciating and he wasn’t sure whether the sweat was more from the heat or from the agony. Racked with pain, he continued. The last step was to seal the open wound with fire. He stuck his knife back into the fire and drank a lot more Scotch. Then he stepped away from the fire and reclined against a tree at the edge of the clearing. He already felt faint and knew he was near to passing out. Falling into the fire would be unfortunate. With a last taste of Scotch, he placed a piece of a tree limb between his teeth and rolled the white hot tip of the blade around the tip of his finger. Keeping his tear filled eyes open to make sure he touched all of the exposed flesh, he muffled a scream and plunged the knife into the dirt beside his leg…missing it by centimeters. Then everything went dark.
***
“Tony, why are you sleeping out here?” Natasha asked as she walked naked towards him.
He slowly opened his eyes and focused. For a moment he thought he was dreaming and a beautiful woodland nymph was coming to care for him. When he raised his hand to shade his eyes from the rising sun, the pain hit him again and brought him back to reality. With a grimace on his face, he spit the stick from his mouth and uttered a series of choice curse words.
“What have you done?” she said and frantically rushed over and knelt beside him.
“I cauterized the wound,” he said in a weak, crackled voice.
“What does this word mean, cauterized?”
“I burned the wound and sealed it up.”
“Why? It was okay!” she said as she cradled his hand in hers.
“In three days it would have become infected and gangrene would have set in. I didn’t want to take a chance on losing the whole finger or possibly the hand. It seemed logical at the time,” he said as began to stand.
“That’s crazy, Tony! Burns get infected too!” She was beginning to calm down by this time and helped him up.
“Yeah but it takes longer. At least, I think it does. Anyway, they did it in all the old western movies so it must be true. John Wayne and Clint Eastwood would never deceive the American public like that. Could you get me some water from the crate, sweetie?” he asked, uncertain that the procedure he had just performed was even necessary. “There’s a cup and a couple of gallons of filtered water in there.”
“Sure baby!’ When she opened the crate, she noticed two more bottles of Scotch. “Why did you bring three bottles of Scotch?”
“I thought I was going to be here alone. I needed to fight off boredom,” he replied as he leaned his head back against the tree.
“You know you could have used the alcohol to keep you finger clean and sterile.”
Tony laughed loudly. “Are you kidding me? That Scotch is well over fifty years old and is worth a fortune. I’d rather lose my whole finger than waste it.”
She poured his cup of water and noticed a box of cigars with Spanish markings on it tucked away in the side of the crate. “I didn’t know you smoked. These are Cuban. I thought they were illegal here. How did you get them?”
“I only smoke cigars once and a while. The Colonel gave them to me but don’t mention it to him. He doesn’t know he gave them to me yet. The scotch either! I thought good Scotch deserved good cigars. I’ll give him a gold brick to pay for them and to repay the money he put into the bar. That’ll cover it with plenty left over,” he said as he watched Natasha’s exotic, naked form move gracefully across the camp sight. 
She walked back to Tony with a strange smile contorting her face. Handed him the water, she began hanging their clothes by the fire. “So stealing is bad for everyone else except you? What about the illegal cigars? Is it only wrong for other people to have illegal things and not you?”
Tony knew she was just baiting him so didn’t respond right away. Instead, he fished around in the crate with his good hand and pulled out a fold up lounge chair. He sat and pretended to think for a moment and replied, “Yep, that about sums it up!”
Still smiling, she walked over and sat on his lap. “I’m surprised at you. I thought ‘The Law’ was everything to you. You are righteous unless it suits you not to be. I am very disappointed in you, Tony. My whole world has just turned upside down.”
“Don’t worry your pretty little head over it, darlin’. I am still the Sheriff in these here parts! I am the law and will be until someone pulls the guns from my cold, dead hands. Seriously though, I wouldn’t have taken the Scotch if I thought I couldn’t repay him excessively. As for the illegal contraband, it’s only illegal because of a silly boycott. America isn’t hurting Castro any with this thirty year old boycott. It’s only hurting the fine Americans like me and the Colonel that love good cigars. Have you ever heard of Henry David Thoreau? In the 1840’s, he wrote a really brilliant essay called ‘Civil Disobedience.’ In part of it, he states that when a government passes a law that is unjust or contrary to the good of the people, it should be challenged by the people in a nonviolent manner. Mahatma Gandhi read and followed that premise and was successful in India with his endeavors against the British. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. used non-violent protest in the sixty’s that mirrored it as well. I am only doing what other great men like me have done. This is the burden I must bear and the flag that I long shall wave. This is my flag of protest!” he said as he lit a cigar and waved it in the air.
“Oh? Forgive me, sir! I am seldom in the presence of great men. Every great man should have a great woman by his side. I think I will join your protest,” she said as she took the cigar from him and inhaled deeply. Immediately, she began choking and coughing. “Oh, my God!” she exclaimed as she handed the cigar back and coughed some more. “I think I will protest something else,” she sputtered.
Tony patted her back saying “You weren’t supposed to inhale, sweetie. It’s getting hot. Wanna go for a swim?”
“Sure. In my underwear or naked?”
“Honey, for future reference, you need never ask that question. The answer will always, always, ALWAYS be the same,” he said as he smiled and leaned down kissing right below her neckline.
“My, my, my! I do declare!” she said fanning her face with her hand and trying to sound like a southern belle. She couldn’t quite pull it off, though. Her Slavic accent was too pronounced and obvious. Still, Tony loved the sound of it.
“The river is uninhabited on both sides for miles in either direction, so the only people around will be on boats or barges. But usually there isn’t much traffic at all. If you want some shorts we can cut your blue jeans into Daisy Dukes.”
“Daisy Dukes?” she said as she raised an eyebrow.
“Do y’all even have television in Ukraine? The Dukes of Hazard? Bo and Luke Duke? Uncle Jessie and Daisy? You poor child. You must have had such an unenlightening childhood. I’ll tell you the story later. You’ll love the theme song. If you’re lucky, I’ll sing it for you. Anyhow, a twenty year old Catherine Bachman played the part of Cousin Daisy. She wore denim shorts that were cut right above where her butt met her legs. She was so hot, especially to a horny teenager like I was. You would look so great in them.”
“Lucky for me you are not a horny teenager anymore.”
“Yeah, lucky for you!” Tony began hungrily kissing her neck and shoulders.
“I thought you wanted to go swimming.”
“Maybe we need to wait until it gets a little hotter,” he said as he continued kissing lower.
“Come on, Tony! I feel filthy. Let’s go swimming. You would not happen to have soap in your magic box over there, would you?”
“Yep! Ivory Soap...it floats! Though I prefer Irish Spring. It’s a manly soap but you’ll like it too! Those are American commercials…never mind. Anyhow, there’s a small, sandy lagoon on the west side of the island. The current is slow and the barges don’t pass on that side. If you want to, later we can take a Mississippi mud bath on the south end mud flats. Mississippi mud is supposed to be really good for the skin. It exfoliates. I don’t really know what that means but it sounds like it takes all the foliage off of you. Any unwanted leaves fall right off,” Tony said as he took a long drink of Scotch.
“Sounds great!” As Natasha began rummaging through the crate looking for the soap, she heard a muffled voice coming from the bottom. She stood up straight and looked at the box quizzically. Nonchalantly, she said “Tony, your magic box is talking to me!”
Tony jumped up and ran to his ‘magic box’ and pulled out the two way radio along with pen and paper. “I hadn’t really expected contact so soon. Something must be wrong!” he checked the frequency and picked up the hand set.
***
“Goldilocks…this is Papa Bear! Are you there, Goldilocks? Over!” Tony looked over and saw Natasha turning her head like a confused puppy. “It’s from Hogan’s Heroes. It was a sitcom that I used to…forget it!”
“Papa Bear…this is Goldilocks! Sorry to bother you Papa Bear but the Jack of Clubs and the Jack of Spades are going Daffy Duck looking for the Queen of Hearts. She is not in the castle. Repeat…she is not in the castle! Is she with you, Papa Bear? Over!”
“Affirmative, Goldilocks! The Queen of Hearts is in the Bears Den. Tell the Court Jesters not to let the kingdom know that the Queen is out of the castle. Repeat…do NOT let the kingdom know the Queen is out of the castle. Keep the pawns in play! Over!”
“Affirmative, Papa Bear! The Court Jesters’ nearly mugged Goldilocks when trying to deliver Papa Bear’s message to the Queen. They wanted pancakes and bacon. Message delivered to Papa Smurf via Smurfette. Expected Papa Smurf to go Daffy Duck then Tasmanian devil. Chicken Little is upside down and crying, ‘Spanish Shake and Bake.’ Papa Bear is Mr. Clean. Message to Papa Smurf was like when Papa Bear has sex. Over!”
“Copy, Goldilocks! Over!”
“Suggest ‘Papa Bear and Queen of Hearts in Bears Den’ change name to ‘Big Bad Wolf and Red Riding Hood at Grandma’s house’. Over!”
Tony laughed. “Negative, Goldilocks! Tarzan and Cousin Daisy at Blue Lagoon? Over!”
“Understood, Tarzan! See you in three! Enjoy Eden! Mona Lisa signing out!”
“Thanks, Mona! See you in three! Tarzan, out!”
***
“What was all that about?” Natasha asked looking bewildered.
Tony began reading what he had written during the radio exchange. “Morris and Donovan are going ape shit because they can’t find you. They were the Jack of Clubs and the Jack of Spades…black suits…Court Jesters. I told Parker that you were with me; and that Donovan and Morris were to stay at their posts and pretend that you were still at home. Then he said that Morris and Donovan wanted pancakes and bacon. I’m not sure what that means.”
Natasha interrupted him saying, “I always take breakfast out to them or invite them in. When I did not, I guess they came looking for me.”
“You make breakfast for them every day? No wonder they hang around you so much. If you stop feeding them, maybe they’ll go home.”
Natasha smiled and asked, “Okay, what is next?”
“Then he said he delivered the message to Lt. Mallory (Smurfette) instead of Colonel Brandywine (Papa Smurf). He knew the Colonel would go crazy (Daffy Duck) and raise hell (Tasmanian devil). Chicken Little is upside down means Chicken Little is looking at the ground instead of the sky. Geologists are studying the fallen hill where the tavern used to be. They think it was an earthquake on the New Madrid Fault Zone (Spanish Shake and Bake). They know nothing about the explosions, so I’m ‘Mr. Clean’…in the clear. The next line I didn’t understand. ‘Message to Papa Smurf was like when Papa Bear has sex.’ The message to the Colonel was…what? Looking at the context of the previous sentence, he is saying the message was unnecessary. No…he’s saying it was premature! Oh Parker, you’re too funny!” Tony laughed as Natasha stared at him blankly.
“What?” she asked.
“He implied that I am premature when having sex.”
“What does that mean?” she asked innocently.
“That I ‘finish’ before you do.”
“But you never finish. You always want more and more and…”
Tony laughed even louder. “That’s not what I meant. I’ll explain it later, sweetie.” He continued decoding, “Then Parker changed his code name to Mona Lisa indicating he was smiling. We are now Tarzan and Cousin Daisy and we’re in Blue Lagoon…Paradise.”
“Oh, I sort of liked being the Queen of Hearts.”
“Parker thought you should be Little Red Riding Hood with me as the Big Bad Wolf.”
“That sounds right. You got all that information about everyone from references to cartoon characters and playing cards?”
“Yeah, it’s a simple code. We were sort of talking with images so we could understand each other easier.”
“If it is so easy, will not your military analysts decipher it easily?”
“Parker’s calling from his two-way set at home. We aren’t on a military channel.”
“Then, why the code words?” she asked confused.
Tony looked at her blankly and said, “Because it’s fun, silly! Are you ready for that swim now?”
“Does your finger still hurt badly?” she asked in a concerned voice.
“Yeah, but it doesn’t throb any more. Just the burned area hurts. It’ll be fine, thanks. Last one to the lagoon is a rotten egg,” he said as he dropped his shorts and ran into the woods. She laughed, grabbed the soap and ran screaming after him.


Chapter 11: Blue Lagoon
***
In the lagoon, they played and frolicked like children. Giant, dark green, fern trees enveloped the area giving it a primitive, almost surreal aura. Beige coarse sand stretched from the woods to the bright blue reflection of the sky on the silent, ever moving water of the river. Billy, Jerry, and I had scouted this island twice before and were totally awestruck with its primordial beauty. When I came here with Tony, he immediately knew this would be his little getaway after his apparent death. Having Natasha along was a blessing and she only added to the beauty and wild eroticism that was already there. I think this was the happiest point in Tony’s entire lifetime. He was totally carefree and was with the woman he was finding he loved more than life itself. This was all he needed and all he never knew he wanted. As they laughed and splashed each other, he grabbed her and pulled her close. Gently, he brushed the hair from her face and looked deeply into her eyes. He saw adoration and love. It was what he felt too. He slowly and lovingly began caressing her skin with the soap and washed her with great attention. She took the soap from him and did the same. When he cupped his hand behind her head and kissed her gently, she seemed to melt in his arms. They sank into the three foot deep water and made love slowly and with gentle emotion. Tony felt her body join to his and it felt as if they were one person sharing the same heart and soul. It was sheer bliss, unlike any he had ever felt before. He felt complete and content for the first time in his life and was in paradise. All the love that he possessed flowed into her and her love flowed back into him. Without a word, cradling her in his arms, he carried her to the soft, warm sand on the shore. He laid down with her and they fell asleep entangled in each other’s bodies. Neither ever said a word.
When Tony awoke, he saw Natasha sitting over him cooling him with a wet towel. He looked up at the sun and saw it was already well into the western sky.
“Hi,” Natasha said when she saw his eyes open.
“Hi, how long have you been awake?” he rubbed his eyes.
“A few hours. You looked so peaceful. I did not wish to wake you. I went back to camp and got a towel to wet and keep you cool. It was very hot out here in the sun but you were exhausted.” She wiped the wet rag across the side of his face and bent down and kissed him on his forehead.
Tony just looked up at her and didn’t feel he needed to speak. They had transcended the need for words. He knew what she was thinking and she knew his thoughts. Gently, he pulled her down to him and they watched as the white sun moved across the sky.
Then Tony thought he heard her say she was hungry but her lips hadn’t moved. Maybe he just heard her stomach growl and his mind translated it for him. In any case, he needed to feed her. “Tasha, let’s go get something to eat.”
She looked at him quizzically for a moment then said, “Sure! Do you want hamburgers and French fries? Perhaps there is a McDonald’s on the island. I am really in the mood for pizza, though. Where is the Pizza Hut at around here?”
He smiled. “Sarcasm won’t keep your stomach from growling, cupcake. Let’s get back to camp. I have some fishing equipment in my backpack,” Tony said as he rose and helped her up. Back at camp, Tony put on his shorts.
 “Can you cut my pants into shorts?” Natasha asked. Tony took his knife and began cutting her pant legs just below the crotch as Natasha put on her panties and a white, sleeveless cotton shirt. When he was done with the shorts, Natasha looked at them and said, “Wow! That is short!”
“Yeah, baby!” he said with a perverted smile and a nod as he watched her wiggle into them.
“Calm down, Sailor! I’ve been naked all day and this turns you on? It feels weird wearing clothes again. I would rather be naked!”
“I would rather that too but we need to go to the north side of the island were we crash landed last night. We might have to wait a while and we’ll be visible from the main river channel. I want to be the only one that sees you without clothes.” Saying that, he shouldered his backpack and extended his arm towards the woods. “After you my dear.”
“Thank you, sir!” she said as she headed into the shadowy forest. Tony had let her go first really just to admire her body. He thought that her hour glass figure was just so perfect in every way. Her thin neck and delicate shoulders curved into her perfect torso and thin waist. Then it broadened at her hips giving way to a full, heart shaped rear end. Her legs were toned but not too muscular and her skin all over was smooth and without blemish. Her breasts were not too big and not too small. They were in perfect proportion to the rest of her. Everything was in perfect proportion. He had seen many women with similar form but had never been attracted to them on anything other than a superficial level. That was what distinguished her above all others for him. His immediate emotional connection to her was something that he had never before encountered. That extra ‘something’ was what made her and Tony fit so well together. What he lacked, she supplied. He hoped that was true of her as well. Together, they were complete.
“You are just looking at my butt, aren’t you?” she said breaking Tony out of his thoughts.
“Of course…what a silly question!”
“What kind of fishing gear can you carry in a backpack?” she asked.
“Grenades,” he replied nonchalantly.
She stopped suddenly and Tony piled into her back. Turning to face him, she quickly expressed her surprise and bewilderment. “Grenades? You had live grenades in the canoe with us? What if one of the pins came out while we were on the river?”
“I had the pins secured pretty well. It would have taken a lot for them to come loose.”
“You mean like a mountain exploding and collapsing; or the river suddenly changing course? Or maybe white water rafting over trees, rocks and boulders?” she asked muffling a sarcastic laugh.
“No, it would have taken more than that,” Tony said as he opened the bag to show her. He pulled out a grenade and held it up for her to see. “See, I used the little twist ties that they use to package loaf bread to secure the pin. Have you ever tried to break one of these things? It’s impossible!”
She looked at him unbelieving, shook her head, turned back around, and began walking again. “I am in love with a crazy man,” she muttered.
“Really, it’s safe! I would have carried them in the crate but it’s against regulations to have live ordinance in the chopper on a training mission.”
“Is it not against regulations to fish with explosives?” she asked as they continued walking.
“I don’t believe that particular subject is addressed in the Uniform Code of Military Justice. It may be mentioned in local and state law but I wasn’t motivated enough to do a proper legal search. Actually, I’m not even certain if this island is governed by any States jurisdiction. Anyway, we’re here. Now we wait!”
“For what?”
Tony looked around and saw no signs of any boating or shipping. What he wanted to see was right where he wanted to see it; a flock of birds directly north of them. They were diving at the water and moving steadily towards the island. “We’re waiting for them to come closer,” he said as he pointed towards the frenzied flock.
“You will bomb the birds?” she asked totally bewildered.
“No, they’re chasing minnows and small fish.”
“You will bomb the minnows and small fish,” she said still confused.
“No, where there are minnows and small fish…bigger fish are soon to follow.”
“Oh, I see! So now, we just wait.”
“Yep, we just wait.”
***
Tony sat down, leaning against a tree and Natasha sat between his legs. She reclined her head back and Tony carefully brushed away her hair that was blowing in his face. A brisk wind steadily blew down the river and they sat in silence while they watched the birds come ever closer. There was still about three hours of daylight left so Tony wasn’t worried that the birds would give up and go home any time soon. Natasha stared at the passing clouds.
Softly she asked, “What will we do, Tony?”
“We could bomb the birds if you’d rather not eat fish. They’re a lot more work to clean, though,” Tony replied. He knew what she was asking and had the same thought so often. He just didn’t know the answer.
She turned to him and looked into his eyes. “I’m serious, Tony. Someday, I’ll have to return to my country. I want to stay with you forever. I cannot leave you.”
Tony brushed the hair from her face and caressed her cheek with the back of his fingers. “I know, sweetheart. I think about it every day. I have enough money to buy an island or a small country somewhere. We could run away and live happily ever after. But then, what about your family? We could fake our deaths but that wouldn’t be fair to your family either. I just don’t know. Maybe, I could come to Ukraine. I wouldn’t mind as long as we were together. Obviously I’ll never see any decent television shows there but I suppose you’re a fair trade off. There is ice cream in Ukraine, isn’t there? I guess we just have to wait and see what we can do.”
“The birds are almost here. Get a grenade ready,” she said changing the subject. Thoughts of separation saddened her terribly and she couldn’t think about it too long.
Tony pulled a grenade from the bag and untwisted the bread tie. Walking into the water, he told her; “When I pull the pin and release the lever, there’s a ten second delay before the explosion. Or is it five seconds? Anyway, it doesn’t matter.”
“It doesn’t matter?” she questioned with her eyebrows raised.
“No, what’s the difference? Five seconds…ten seconds…what difference can five seconds make?”
“Tony…”
“I’m just kidding. Trust me, this baby’s leaving my hand the moment I pull the pin. Anyway, after the explosion, the fish will be unconscious for a short while. We have to grab them and throw them to shore before they wake up.”
“It doesn’t kill them?”
“No. When I was a kid, Levi and I would fish like this on his step father’s ponds. Only, we used much smaller explosives. A few minutes after the fish floated to the top, they woke up and swam back under the surface. Any fish that we don’t grab will just swim away dazed but unharmed.”
“Cool!”
“I’m going out further into the river. You come to where I’m at now. I’ll grab a few fish and throw them towards you, then you toss them as far on land as you can. Grab them by their mouths and stomachs. Their dorsal fins are sharp and pointy and will cut you.” He didn’t wait for her response. The pin was pulled and the grenade was thrown seventy five feet upstream into the middle of the bird’s intended dinner. Tony ducked down in case any errant shrapnel came his way but he didn’t expect any. He threw the grenade short in order to give it time to sink deep in the water before exploding. Any projectiles would be slowed considerably and stopped. Ten seconds later, a white plume emerged from the water followed by a muffled explosion.
“It was ten seconds, honey,” he yelled to her stating the obvious. Then he began walking forward to get into position. Natasha followed assuming his previous position.
The panicked birds flew away a short distance until they saw thousands of tiny fish floating up to the water’s surface. Then one by one, larger fish started popping up all in front of Tony. He quickly lunged toward the closest one and threw it in Natasha’s direction. Then he went after the next one and the next one. Seven fish were thrown toward Natasha before Tony saw a large striped bass floating about twenty feet away. It was farther out in the river than he had wanted to go but he started walking to it. He judged it was about thirty pounds and knew he couldn’t throw it to Natasha. If he could just grab it before it woke up, he would walk it back to shore. He was already deeper than he wanted to be so he stopped and waited. The current was pushing him backwards and washing the sand from around his feet. Fortunately, the bass made it to him before recovering and Tony shoved his good hand into the fish’s mouth just as it woke up. In the water, the mighty whale fought and Tony couldn’t control him so he struggled and manhandled the beast until it was above the surface. Still, it flopped around and struggled. Once Tony was only waist deep, he bear hugged the fish to his chest like it was a psychotic child pitching a fit.
“Honey, meet Goliath. He reluctantly agreed to join us for dinner tonight,” he said as he carried the fish up on the shore. They both watched as it flopped around. “We need to get the other fish back in the water before they die. There’s a long stringer in the bag. Could you get it for me?” he asked as he went to gather up the other fish.
“Yes, hold on!” she said excitedly.
“Be careful of the other two grenades,” he said as an afterthought.
Natasha dug around in the backpack and said, “You have a frying pan, olive oil and bags of flour and cornmeal in here.” She looked up and him for a moment. “You were not really planning to go without food for three days, were you?”
“I have three bottles of Scotch. I didn’t plan on eating anything. I’ve gone much longer without eating. I just brought that stuff along in case I got bored and wanted to fish. If I had known I was having a dinner guest, I would have brought the appropriate side dishes and condiments.”
After she brought the stringer to him, he ran the line through four of the fish’s gills and mouths then dragged them to the river’s edge. A fallen tree hung over the water and that's where he tied the line. “The water is flowing pretty well here. They’ll be able to breathe. They should be fine for tomorrow’s breakfast and lunch.”
“What about the other three small ones?” Natasha asked.
“We’ll throw them back in the river. If I had seen Goliath sooner, I wouldn’t have gathered so many.”
They took the remaining fish and gently placed them back into the river. One by one, they recovered their senses and swam quickly back into the safety of deeper water. Tony returned to his backpack, took out a spoon to scale Goliath with and long thin knife in which to fillet him. Natasha watched intensely with fascination. It was finished in less than five minutes. With that done, the carcass and discarded parts were tossed back in the river except for Goliath’s head which he placed that under a bush in the woods where it was sheltered from the wind. Then Natasha grabbed the bag and they headed back to camp.
***
“I don’t think I could eat another bite. Where did you learn to cook like that?” she asked as she sat their only plate and only fork on the ground beside her. Tony had eaten out of the frying pan with chopsticks that he made from dead twigs.
“It wasn’t really that great. You were just hungry,” he said humbly.
“No, it was really good,” she reiterated. “Where did you learn to cook and clean fish like that?”
“I guess from Levi’s mom and stepfather. When we were kids, Levi or I would fish with Earl, his step father, then clean the fish. Then one of us would help his mom cook them. She could cook anything. Earl had a few large garden patches that he grew just about everything. My favorites were okra, squash, and eggplant; especially the eggplant. His mom would lightly flour them, then sear them in olive oil and some spices. It was so delicious. She cooked fish so many different ways that I thought she was just making up recipes as she went. She taught me how to make my own tartar sauce and cocktail sauce and a lot of other stuff. I was only about twelve years old but I remember everything like it was yesterday.” Tony was staring at nothing as he looked back into his memories.
“You have never mentioned your family. Tell me about them.”
Tony looked down at the ground and started drawing figure eights in the sand. “I can’t explain why…but I don’t remember them at all. I have no memory of any family or any childhood memories except those with Levi. I don’t know. Maybe I had a really horrible childhood and just blocked it out or something like that. Maybe I was an orphan and suffered amnesia. I just don’t remember anything. I’ve never spoken of this to anyone, not even Levi. He likes anomalies and solving puzzles so someday I may ask him for help but for now, it isn’t a priority.”
Natasha got up and walked over to sit beside him. Hugging him tightly, she spoke softly saying “I am sorry, Tony. I cannot imagine what it must be like for you. My family is so important to me. To not remember them would be horrifying.” She laid her head against his chest and told him, “I am your family now, Tony! We can start our own family someday if you want to.”
He kissed her on top of her head. Tears formed in his eyes but he couldn’t understand why. Family had never been important to him before. The thought of starting a family with Natasha seemed to touch something deep inside of him. “Thank you, baby. You have no idea how much I want that; how much I want you.” Then, after a few seconds of silence, he said; “You do realize that your face is exactly where Goliath was flopping around?”
She slowly raised her head and smiled. “Yeah, I did not want to say anything but you really stink.”
“Last one to the lagoon is a smelly fish!” he said as he pushed her away, jumped up and started running.
“I think we already know who the smelly one is,” she said and waited for a response. When none came and Tony didn’t slow down, she squealed and took off after him. “Wait for me!”
***
Tony and Natasha played and splashed around as they had that morning. A quiet, sultry darkness had fallen by the time they returned to camp. Lying by the fire and gazing at the stars, they talked about everything. Tony opened up to her like he never had with anyone before. He told her his darkest fears and greatest dreams and aspirations. She told him about the television shows that she had watched as a child and what it was like growing up in Ukraine and Russia. When the moon was high, they walked out knee deep onto the mud flats. On many occasions, Tony had to assist Natasha when she mired down too deep to pull her legs free. In the darkness, the edge of the mud and the river was only discernible by a slight difference in sheen. The texture of the mud was only slightly less reflective than the water’s surface. After exploring the boundaries of their new playground, they threw mud balls at each other as if they were snowballs. Then they wrestled and rolled around in the slippery muck until they were both exhausted. Lying on their backs in the warm, enveloping ooze; they watched as the moon and stars crossed the sky on their slow journey to the horizon. Daylight was upon them much too fast. In the growing dawn, they laughed at the way each other looked. Both of them wanted to stay in the mud but both of them also wanted to kiss each other and make love. The mud didn’t make that impossible but it was considerably less sanitary. They moved back to the lagoon and washed yet again. They frolicked less and made love more. When they finally decided to go back to camp and crawl into the tent, they both fell asleep in each other’s arms immediately.


Chapter 12: Paradise Southern Style
***
Tony woke up a few hours later. The sun was already getting high overhead and it was getting too hot for him to sleep. Natasha was sweating considerably so he decided to get her outside where the wind could cool her. In the shade at the side of the clearing where a strong breeze blew in from the river, he unfolded the lounge chair for her to lie in. Then he gracefully and carefully extricated her, her blanket, and her pillow from the tent. When he picked her up, her arms went around his shoulders and he just wanted to stay there holding her. Instead, he gently lowered her onto the chair and kissed her on the mouth. During the whole relocation process, she only awoke once while he was dragging her out of the tent by her feet. Even then, she went right back to sleep.
He went over to the ‘magic box’ and pulled out his copy of Captain Johnston’s journal. Then he grabbed his bottle of Scotch, sat down, and began reading. Leaning against a tree, he started turning the pages. Over the top of the pages he could see Natasha sleeping. He forgot what he had sat down to do and just stared. After a while, she kicked off the part of the blanket that was folded over her and rolled onto her stomach. Tony couldn’t take his eyes off of her. She was just so beautiful. But eventually, he did force his attention away and began reading.
***
“What are you reading?” Natasha asked as she rubbed her eyes and walked over to him. She had only been asleep for a few hours more than Tony but felt totally rejuvenated.
“A copy of Captain Johnston’s journal. I put it in the crate so I could read it while I was stranded here. It seems my dear Captain Johnston was a Unionist. He had joined the Confederacy because his beloved state of Tennessee had seceded from the Union but he also believed in the sanctity of the Union of the United States. I suppose that was the dilemma of many Southern people. I probably would have fought for South Carolina's right to self-determination but my heart would still have been against slavery and devoted to our Constitution. In fact, the whole crew was like minded to Captain Johnston and planned the liberation of the gold and silver from the Confederacy. They weren’t trying to steal the gold for profit but were trying to keep it from getting to the Spanish and keep Spain out of the war. It was treasonous to the Confederacy but patriotic toward the Union.”
“Some men opted to return to the conflict that embroiled the country. They were given a brick of silver. I wonder how they expected to turn that into usable cash. Anyway, the rest remained in the cavern for weeks and each man, with the exception of the Captain, grew ill and died. The Captain blamed it on rabies because of the proximity to the bat cave but the symptoms he describes…it was more likely cholera. I’ll need to check with a physician to be certain. The Captain blamed himself for their deaths because he had brought them into the cavern but they probably were already sick before they left the gunboat. Anyway, the cave we found the bodies in became an infirmary. Johnston tended to his men as best he could but no medicine was available anywhere. It wouldn’t have mattered anyway. At that time in the South, the men were as good as dead as soon as they contracted the disease. Johnston must have been immune to it somehow. Johnston piled the bodies up after they died and started painting the gold and silver to look like bricks. His journal during this period is chaotic and doesn’t make any sense. Working in the same room as his dead and decomposing comrades must have driven him insane. The stench alone would have driven me batty. It’s hard to believe but he lived down in that room for over two years watching the bodies decay and become skeletons. His entries after the war are more sensible.”
“Do you hear that?” he said as he looked around.
“Hear what?” Natasha asked as she too looked around.
“A soft drumming sound. Maybe it’s just in my head,” he said dismissively and continued his paraphrasing of the journal. “As I was saying, Johnston began regaining some of his coherence after the war. He moved out of the cavern and bought the land on which he built his house. I guess he turned it into a tavern later.” Tony looked around again. “It’s getting louder! It sounds like a chopper flying low on the river. It must be coming from the north. I see nothing to the south. You might want to put on some clothes. I think Parker’s coming for a visit.” Just as the last word came from Tony’s mouth, the sound grew quickly and then exploded into a sudden, deafening roar as a black transport helicopter flew over. Swinging below it was a crate exactly like Tony’s magic box. It banked sharply and returned to the island. Hovering over the clearing and blowing leaves and sand into the air, it descended until the crate was on the ground. A sharp click sounded as the ropes were released from the choppers belly. Parker turned the helicopter and pointed the nose down until his front windshield was pointed at Tony and Natasha. Tony waved and Natasha, realizing she was standing there completely exposed, made a mad dash for the tent. That was timely since the tent was about to fly away with everything else that wasn’t nailed down. Parker gave a toothy smile with a wink and a thumbs up to Tony and flew away heading back the direction from which he came.
Natasha peeked out of the tent and looked around. Cautiously she stepped out and quickly gathered her clothes that had blown to the edge of the trees. “That was Captain Parker, I am guessing. I think he saw more of me than I saw of him,” she said with an uneasy smirk.
“Yeah, he gave you a thumbs-up. It’s quite a compliment coming from him. Of course, I was naked too. It may have been meant for me,” Tony remarked slyly as he walked over to the newly deposited crate.
Natasha laughed and joined him as he opened it. It was packed with stuff necessary for a romantic interlude. A fold up poker table, table cloth, along with fold up chairs, and candles; were immediately visible on the top along with a note from Captain Parker's wife addressed to Sandy Duvall. Tony handed the message to Natasha and continued unloading the container. He found a dozen bamboo torches, a cassette player, several cassettes, and a small suitcase with ‘Sandy’ stenciled on the top. At the bottom of the crate was a cooler loaded with ice and perishable food items. Steaks were at the top. Below them were mashed potatoes, peas, carrots, fried okra, and many other home cooked items; sealed in water tight containers, waiting to be warmed up. Of course the ‘warming up’ would have to be left up to Mother Nature or be heated individually in Tony’s only frying pan. The last items he found were two bottles of French Champagne and one bottle of Vodka wrapped carefully in cloth and wedged between the cooler and the inside wall of the crate.
“Could you read this for me? My reading is still not very good,” Natasha said as she passed him the note.
“Sure!” he took the note and began reading it.
“I meant read it out loud, Tony!” She popped him softly upside the head.
“Oh, okay! Sorry!” he laughed, leaned back against the crate and began reading aloud. “It’s from Jessica…Parker’s wife.”
***
“Dear Miss Duvall,
I’m sending you some things that I thought you may need….shampoo, conditioner and personal hygiene items. If I know Tony…and I think I do…he only took guns, explosives, Scotch and maybe a book with him for his little getaway. Take care of him, honey. He’s a good man but behaves like a child much of the time. I speak from experience. My husband is just like him. When the two of them get together, it’s like two twelve year old boys playing. Only these twelve year old children have helicopters, bombs, and very active imaginations. They once almost blew up my kitchen testing the explosive power of vinegar and baking soda in my microwave.”
“Wait a minute! I have to stop there. There was no way vinegar and baking soda would have exploded. It made a mess but wasn’t explosive. We tried many other combinations of solutions too and we took the microwave outside so we weren’t even in the kitchen.” Tony waited for Natasha to say something but she simply smirked and shook her head. “We bought her a new microwave!” He looked back at the note then back to Natasha as if to say something more then changed his mind and began reading again.
“Anyhow, my husband and I also gathered up some things for you and Tony to have a romantic evening. I’ve seen Tony in action so I know he has it in him to be romantic so don’t fall for that that poor country boy…never learned to dance routine.”
“You know, it just occurred to me that I could have made something up instead of reading what she actually wrote.” Tony again looked at Natasha and again got no response. “I’m just saying!” He reluctantly began reading again.
“Charlie says y’all are coming back tomorrow so make tonight count, sweetie. I’m looking forward to meeting you. Just between us girls…what I said was true. I have seen Tony in action and I would have never thought that he would ever settle down with one woman. I just love him to death. If I had met him before Charlie…well. Now, he is so much in love with you. My husband tells me everything that Tony tells him in secret. Tony told him that he fell in love with you the moment he saw you, and that he hasn’t even looked at another woman since he met you, and that he couldn’t imagine being with anyone but you. You two are so lucky to find each other. What are the chances of two people from our countries meeting and falling in love? It’s so romantic. Have fun and again…I am looking forward to meeting you.
P.S. Don’t tell Tony that Charlie tells me their secrets.
Love,
Jessica Parker”
***
Tony smiled, looked at Natasha and said, “Yeah, don’t tell Tony! Wait till I tell you some of Parker's secrets. Anyway, that’s all of it.”
Natasha kissed Tony passionately and gently for a long time then said, “I love you, Tony. I have since we first had drinks at that restaurant.”
“Not when you first saw me?”
“I was scared…of you…of everyone. At the restaurant, I saw you for the first time with my eyes opened. I knew you were the one but I was still scared. Not of you but of what falling for an American would mean to my family. I tried to ignore my feelings but could not.”
“I’m glad you didn’t” Tony said softly as he gazed into her dark brown eyes. After a moment, he broke himself from his trance and said, “I’m going to the other side of the island and clean the rest of the fish for lunch. We can have the steak for dinner.”
“Okay, hurry back!”
***
Tony was gone for nearly a half hour. On his returned, he marveled at what Natasha had done. She had turned the island campsite, destroyed by Captain Parker's helicopter, into a dancing and dining paradise. The golden sand had been swept smooth with fern fronds and the five foot tall torches formed a wide square surrounding the fold-up table and chairs. Place settings for two and candles on crystal stands sat atop a white, cotton table cloth. Johnny Mathis ‘Chances Are’ played on the cassette player which she had placed on the new crate along with Charlie and Jessica’s selection of music. Candles stood at each end. Captain Johnston’s journal was reassembled and placed on the corner with Tony’s lounge chair on the ground beside it, facing so that the afternoon sun would be to Tony’s back. The tent was pushed closer to the edge of the woods and the blankets and pillows were made into a pallet in the shade beside it. She had even cleared away some brush that blocked the view of the river. The campfire crackled with fresh wood and the old crate had been dragged over beside it with Tony’s cooking items lined up neatly on the top. Natasha stood beside the dining table dressed in her white shirt and Daisy Dukes. A beautiful, innocent smile graced her golden tanned face. A large, pink wild flower was tucked in her hair just above her right ear. With a glass of champagne in each hand; she softly said, “Welcome home, Tony.”
Tony put the fish down in the frying pan and slowly walked towards her looking around with a look of wonder on his face. He ran his fingers through her hair as he took a glass from her hand. He asked, “How long was I gone?”
She smiled. “Too long,” she said as she closed her eyes and met his long, gentle kiss.
Although Tony wanted to just lie down with her and make love, he could smell the fish on is skin and in the pan. “I should cook the fish and then get a bath, baby. Did Jessica happen to put any deodorant in your case?”
“She did. Go work your magic on the fish and I’ll finish setting the table. I am afraid I did not get finished before you came back.”
“Everything is beautiful. Just perfect!” He said as he looked around again. Natasha saw his gaze and smiled.
Tony grilled the fish over the open fire so that he could use the pan to warm up the collard greens and okra. They sat down to eat as the sun was high overhead. The constant wind that blew over the island was hot and moist but made what would have been an unbearable heat into a pleasant, sultry day. Palm and Mississippi oak trees swayed in the wind and the long fronds of the fern trees moved up and down as if fanning the two lovers. Tony and Natasha sat across from each other with his left hand extended to the center of the table meeting her left. They never took their eyes off one another. They just ate, talked, and laughed. The whole world disappeared to them. When they were done, Natasha cleared the table and Tony washed the dishes in the wet sand at the edge of the river.
Natasha came up behind as he was washing the dishes and ran her fingers through his hair. “That was wonderful, Tony! Are you ready for our bath?”
Tony stood up and turned to her, taking her in his arms. He answered her with a long, passionate kiss. With her arms around his neck and his wrapped around her back, she began to put all her weight on him until he was supporting her completely. The longer they kissed, the weaker she seemed to get. Tony really didn’t notice until her hands slowly began moving down his arms and fell to her side. “What’s wrong, Tasha?”
“Nothing,” she said breathlessly as she moved her arms back around him slowly as if she were gradually gaining strength. When one hand reached the back of his head, she clutched his hair and pulled his head to hers and kissed him roughly. When she began wrapping her right leg around his legs, he fell back into the water with her still clinging to him like a succubus. She momentarily broke off her kiss, sat up, pulled her blouse off then continued kissing him passionately. She kept saying, “I love you Tony,” without ever taking her mouth away from his. Tony loved it. He almost couldn’t keep himself from laughing. They’ve had passionate sex before but Tony was always the dominant one. He didn’t mind this at all. She stood, stripped completely then pulled Tony’s shorts off as he lay in the three inch deep water. She looked down and, seeing he didn’t need any extra encouragement, lowered herself on top of him and had her way with him. It was okay, though. It was his way too. After twenty five minutes of sating her animal lust, she was exhausted and collapsed on top of him. Breathing heavily; she kept saying, “I love you,” over and over.
Tony just sort of laid there and waited for both their hearts to stop racing. It really made him feel good when he made her happy, and she seemed pretty darn happy. Eventually, she calmed down but was still breathing heavily as she raised her head and looked into Tony’s eyes. Her hair fell from every direction and formed a curtain around their faces.
“We have fish for lunch every day from now on! And I’ll do the dishes from now on too…breakfast, lunch and dinner,” Tony whispered still smiling broadly.
A huge smile crossed her face and she kissed him passionately again. “Oh Tony, I don’t know what came over me. My body just kind of went limp and then I just had to make love to you right at that moment. I’m sorry.”
“Don’t apologize. That’s the most fun I’ve had since I first discovered that I had a wee wee. Honestly, I’m glad that I can make you lose control like that. It makes me feel good. I have a new super power.” Tony stopped talking and noticed a different look on her face. She still had the contented smile but didn’t appear to be listening. Her stare was penetrating and as if she were peering deep into his soul. Tony crossed his eyes to bring her back to the surface. She smiled and kissed him again. This time the kiss was soft and gentle. Then she lowered her face to his neck and laid her cheek on his shoulder. Half of her hair was in the water and the other half covered Tony’s face. He gently brushed it to the other side of her head, exposing her flushed face and supple neck. She whispered, “I love you,” in his ear. Tony tightened his arms around her and brought one hand to the back of her head. “I love you,” he said softly and closed his eyes.
Ten minutes later, Tony rolled her off him slowly. She was awake but was exhausted and seemingly unwilling to break the embrace. Without a word, he picked her up and carried her naked, catatonic body to the lagoon on the west side of the island as she stared up at him with that same smile on her face. Once at the lagoon and still in Tony’s arms, Natasha grabbed the soap as they walked by the tree where it was perched. Tony carried her out to where they could squat on their knees with their shoulders still above water. With her back to him, Tony caressed her body tenderly as he lathered her. She raised her arms and, reaching behind her, ran her fingers through his hair as he kissed the back of her head. After he washed himself, he picked her back up and carried her back to camp with her still staring at him. When he laid her on the blankets, she finally spoke. “Are you going to dry me?”
“Well, you went all zombie on me. I thought I’d just hang you on the clothesline and let you air dry,” he said smiling.
“What is zombie?”
“Nothing, never mind. I’ll get a towel.” When he returned she was fast asleep. The same smile still formed on her lips. Tony threw the towel down and laid down with her without drying either of them. He fell asleep almost immediately with his arm over her stomach and his lips on her shoulder.
***
When Tony woke up, dusk was falling. The first thing he did was stoke the fire and put on some fresh wood. Then he wrapped some Idaho Spuds in aluminum foil and buried them in the hot coals at the base of the fire. Brushing his teeth seemed to be required, as well. After that, he poured himself a Scotch, walked to the edge of the river and stared eastward towards the dense forests of Tennessee. A few minutes later, Natasha walked up from behind and wrapped her arms around his waist. He felt her bare breasts pressing against his back and smiled.
“Listen to that, Tasha,” Tony said with a relaxed smile crossing his face.
“I don’t hear anything,” Natasha replied as she came around from behind.
“It’s the sound of my Dixie Land. Crickets and cicadas chirping. Frogs croaking softly. Whippoorwills, Blue Jays, and dozens of others sing their lullaby’s to the creatures of the darkening forests. The sound of the river steadily pushing past us on its way to the Gulf, slowing down only to listen to the trumpets and saxophones of the New Orleans night clubs. Listen real carefully and you can hear the banjos, harmonicas, and spoons being played by the hillbillies sitting on the front porches of their shacks in the Appalachian Mountains while sipping on moonshine. And listen to the sounds of beach music further on to the coast. I can hear the scuffle of feet in Myrtle Beach where people are dancing the Shag. Just south of there, I can hear the beautiful accents of Gullah women singing spirituals as they cook crawdads and shrimp grits for dinner. Oh, and the smells of the South…don’t get me started on that; the sweet aroma of honey suckle mixing with the strong fragrance of lilac and jasmine. And the food…its heaven. I haven’t been many other places other than the South but with the way women cook here…I see no reason to go anywhere else. Sitting outside with a plate of fried chicken, collard greens, rice smothered with black eyed peas, fried squash, macaroni and cheese, with a big portion of homemade banana pudding for desert…that’s living! And on a hot day, there is nothing better than a tall glass of southern style, sweet, iced tea. I do love my Dixie Land!” Tony said as he continued staring over the river. Natasha spoke and broke him from his thoughts.
“Why do you call it Dixie Land?”
“I don’t really know where that term came from but the South has been called that since before the Civil War. I think it comes from the name of one of the guys that surveyed the line separating North and South. Mason was one guy and Dixon was the other. Dixie isn’t just a place, though. It’s a state of mind. Northerners don’t understand it. They think that we are defined by our past institution of slavery. We aren’t that at all. Slavery was appalling but less than one percent of the population owned slaves. They were the wealthy land owners and in that time…wealthy land owners were the politicians. When their profit margins were threatened, they fomented war. The average man had no real say in the matter. But when the North began pushing us around…we pushed back, especially in South Carolina where I’m from. We originally joined the Union because they asked us to in order to fight the British. I kind of see it as joining a country club. The club asks us to join and makes all these promises to get us to join. Once we did, they try to tell us what we can and can’t do and how we should act. So we protested. Then they told us we didn’t have the right to protest. When we said we wanted out of the club. They sent troops, burned our houses and crops, took our livestock, and dishonored our wives and daughters. If they had left us alone, we would have started acting like they wanted on our own, eventually. One thing is a fact; if you keep pushing a South Carolina boy hard enough, he’ll do his best to kick your ass! I am ashamed of the South’s involvement with slavery but I am proud of the way that we stood up for our rights as Southerners. I know enough history to know it wasn’t as simple as that but I still like to think it’s fundamentally true. The war was as horrible as you could imagine but it put our country into a crucible. Without that war, we would have continued just being a conglomeration of States. After the war, we shook hands and became Americans.” Tony stopped and momentarily looked back at Natasha.
“I still haven’t answered your question, have I? As I said, Dixie Land isn’t just a place…it’s a state of mind. People are polite to each other and go out of their way to help someone in need. We ask “How are you?” and really care about the answer. We will fight for a woman’s honor then apologize to the person we fought. If the vanquished offender is a true Southerner then he too will apologize and buy a drink for the victor and the lady. Parents are shown respect and children are cherished. Jesus is King and the Bible is the bestselling book in the land. We see the beauty of our land and are truly thankful for the bounty it provides. For six hundred miles north to south and more than a thousand miles east to west, there is life everywhere. There are no deserts east of Texas and rain falls in torrents. Trees cover the land from horizon to horizon like a plush, green carpet. You can’t walk five miles in any direction without crossing a river, stream, or swamp. We only kill what we can eat and thank the God for the blessing of a good meal. Of course, all of that isn’t true of everyone but it is for true Southerners.” Tony looked again at Natasha and said, “Sorry, I’m rambling. Are you hungry?”
“Yes. Do you have any more fish?” she smiled slyly.
“No, I’m afraid steaks are on the menu for tonight. But I’ll wash the dishes.”
***
Tony prepared the steaks and sides dishes. They sat down to a candle lit dinner just as the bright blue moon cleared the trees and caste its gaze upon them. The torches were blazing and waved their orange fingers as if giving directions to the passing, sultry breeze. Natasha had bathed again and tamed her hair. It blew in the wind and she was absolutely beautiful. Another bright pink flower adorned her right ear. Earlier, she had started to put on some makeup but Tony convinced her she didn’t need it. Makeup, Tony told her, is designed to hide flaws or highlight something. Her skin and face was perfect and needed no such assistance. They sat and talked as Johnny Mathis once again played on the cassette player. It was the only tape with only slow music that Charlie packed. Mathis is all you need for a romantic evening, Tony thought.
With everything cleaned off their plates, they both leaned back in their chairs and exhaled.
“Are you ready get some exercise now?” Natasha asked.
“What do you have in mind,” Tony asked as he raised his eyebrows in anticipation. “Don’t I have to wash the dishes first?”
“That’s not what I had in mind but it’s not a bad idea.” She blew him a kiss. “I meant would you like to dance?”
“I thought you’d never ask. I would love to dance, Miss Ledkenski. Help me move the table, babe.”
They cleared the area and both swept the sand smooth again. Mathis was started over on the player since they both agreed on slow dancing. Tony and Tasha danced with their bodies pressed tightly. Soft kisses and whispers were traded near the end of the last song.
“Time to step up the tempo a bit. How about a little Dean Martin?”
“Sure,” Tasha said not really knowing who Dean Martin was.
He walked over and changed tapes. The first song played was ‘Sway.’ “Come! Sway with me,” he said as he took her hand and raised his other in the air like a matador. Unfortunately, he didn’t really know how to dance to this so he just took her in his arms, swayed and moved her around the dance floor. When ‘Kick in the head’ began playing, she got twirled and dipped and was generally flung all over the place.
***
How lucky can one guy be?
I kissed her and she kissed me.
Like the fella once said, “Ain’t that a kick in the head?”
The room was completely black.
I hugged her and she hugged back.
Like the Sailor said, quote, "Ain't that a hole in the boat?"
My head keeps spinning.
I go to sleep and keep grinning.
If this is just the beginning, my life's gonna be beeea-u-tiful.
***
Natasha found herself being spun outward as Tony sang those last three lines out loud.
***
I've got sunshine enough to spread.
It's like the fella said
Tell me quick aaiin't love a kick in the heeeaaad?”
Like the fella once said, “Ain't love like a kick in the head?”
Like the Sailor said, quote, "Ain't that a hole in the boat?"
My head keeps spinning.
I go to sleep and keep grinning.
If this is just the beginning, my life's gonna be beeea-u-tiful.
***
Tony again sang those last three lines out loud as he spun her around twice and then spun her away.
***
She's telling me, “We'll be wed.”
She's picked out a king size bed.
I couldn't feel any better or I'd be sick.
Tell me quick, oh ain't love a kick?
Tell me quick, ain't love like a kick in the heeeaaad?
***
Again, Tony sang the last line as he pulled Natasha, breathless and dizzy, into his arms and kissed her.
“Where did you learn to dance like that?” she asked trying to catch her breath.
“The movies, I guess. Fred Astaire, Gene Kelly, and a lot of old movies that I spent too much time watching. I wasn’t really all that good. I just did what I felt like doing. How about something a little more my style?”
“Sure, like what?”
Tony didn’t answer. He just walked over and put in the Blue Hawaii soundtrack and fast forwarded to Elvis’, ‘Rock a Hula.’
He went out on the dance floor and started shaking and gyrating, motioning her in. She shook her head.
“It’s okay! Come on! Just start moving your hips and knees and everything else will follow.” She reluctantly began imitating him. “Good, now put your shoulders into and move your feet. There you go. Now, let go and just have fun.” Tasha was laughing now and gyrated her hips better than Elvis. The song ended but Tasha wanted to do it again. They played it five times and she laughed the entire time as they tried different dance moves. She wanted yet another turn but Tony told her he had one better. He went and fast forwarded to, ‘Slicing Sand’. He ran back and rejoined Natasha and started bouncing around. Natasha laughed and joined him. “The key is to not worry about how you look. Just have fun!” he suggested as he bounced around spun on one foot. He tried to do it like he’d seen Elvis do it but he really looked more like he was doing an Indian rain dance. He didn’t care…he was having fun. When the song ended, Tasha wanted to do it again…and again…and again.
Tony started showing her other dance moves he’d seen from the sixties, some cool and some silly. Natasha was having a blast. She was laughing really hard but she never stopped dancing. Her hair flung through the air like a whip and her pink flower was lost in the sand. She didn’t care either.
***
‘Dance, dance, dance till you nose gets tan.
Were gonna have us a ball on the beach…slicing sand.’
***
He showed her one move where he held his nose, put an arm in the air, and squiggled down to the ground. Natasha laughed hard.
“That’s one I saw my older sister do when I was a kid,” he said and then stopped dead in his tracks.
Natasha heard it and also stopped completely. “You remembered something from your childhood?” she asked.
“Not exactly. I didn’t see any pictures in my head or anything like that. The words just sort of came out of my mouth. It’s weird. It was like someone else said the words. Okay, that’s pretty freaky.” He really had no idea where those words came from. Was his subconscious speaking? Why hadn’t he seen any visual images? Before Natasha began to ask any questions, he knew he needed to deflect until he had time to think about it. A little misdirection should do it. Tony stood up straight and looked at Natasha with a robotic glare. “They have taken control of my body,” he said and walks slowly towards her.
“Tony?”
“I’m sorry, Tasha. I have no control. They’re telling me to tickle you until you pee your pants. Tasha, I can’t stop them. Run Natasha…RUN!”
Natasha immediately screamed and took off, darting across the dance floor and heading to the narrow shoreline. “No, Tony. I’m serious! If you tickle me, I will wet my pants!” she pleaded, looking back and laughing.
Tony followed close behind her yelling, “It’s not me! They’re making me do it. Damn, you run fast!”
Within ten seconds, Natasha was high stepping in the mud flats still trying to get away. Tony took a long jump before he got to the mud and nearly landed on top of her. He grabbed her from the back and pulled her out of the mud and into his arms. “No, Tony! I’m serious,” she screamed and fought to get away. Tony fell on his back with her lying on top facing him. He began tickling her and she started laughing louder and fighting harder. “Tony, stop! Tony, I’m serious! I’m going to pee on you, Tony. I mean it!” she screamed laughing so hard that tears started down her face. Then suddenly she stopped and looked out over the river. Tony also stopped and leaned up to see where she was looking. When his arms came from around her waist, she slapped a handful of mud into his partially opened mouth and pushed him deeper into the mud. She was getting away slowly and the vacuum she created under Tony’s back made it nearly impossible for him to get up.
“Natasha, I’m stuck. I can’t get up!” Tony yelled to her as he spit mud from his mouth and laughed at his sudden turn of fortune.
Natasha stopped but suspected treachery so kept her distance. “I don’t believe you. You are trying to trick me, I think!” With a mischievous smirk, she slowly walked back to him, her feet making an obscene sucking sound as she took each step. She stood over him just out of his reach and spoke softly saying, “When I was a child, my father never spanked me. When I did something bad, he would always tell me stay and to think about what I had done and then he would leave the room. I would sometimes spend hours thinking and wishing he would come back and tell me everything was okay. I learned more from that than if he would have punished me. Now, I want you to stay there and think about what you have done.”
But as she was making her little speech, Tony had been rolling his torso to the left and right, freeing himself from the suction of the mud. After Natasha turned to walk away, Tony sat up. “Tasha, wait!”
She laughed softly.” “No, Tony. You need to…” she stopped speaking abruptly as she twisted around and saw that Tony was free. She exhaled a brief scream and started to clumsily high step it away.
“Wait, Tasha. I’m done. I won’t tickle you anymore.”
She stopped and turned again. “You promise, Tony? You always keep your promises to me. Promise me!”
“I promise,” he said and motioned her toward him. The moon was high but, covered in mud as he was, Natasha could only make out his silhouette, his eyes, teeth, and a few patches of skin on his chest and face. She cautiously moved over and sat beside him in the mud. When she felt comfortable knowing that Tony no longer had any plans to continue his tickle torture, she put one arm around him and began scraping the black mud off his face with her other hand. They sat in silence for a long time just gazing out over the diamond covered waters of the river as a warm wind washed around their bodies. The final song of Blue Hawaii was carried by the warm gentle breeze and filled the air with melody.
Natasha had been resting her head on Tony’s shoulder when she broke the silence. “Tony?”
“Yes?”
“My face is stuck to you.”
“Okay.”
After ten more minutes, they decided to go to the lagoon and bathe. The entire mass of Natasha’s wet, mud covered hair had dried and was cemented to Tony’s back. They finally managed to separate themselves and walked slowly back to camp.
Tony grabbed two torches and Natasha grabbed her shampoo and conditioner. The mud caked on them forced them to walk stiffly robotic and they laughed at each other as they made their way to the lagoon. Once there, they rinsed the initial coat of muck off and stripped. Natasha turned with her back to him and he washed and conditioned her hair. After he rinsed her hair a final time, he led her into shallower waters. They knelt down with his legs folded under him and Natasha on his lap. He wrapped his arms around her and caressed her stomach and chest. Tony, with that last song still haunting him, began humming it…then singing it to her.
***
“This is the moment, I’ve waited for.
I can hear my heart singing. Soon bells will be ringing.
This is the moment. Love sweet Aloha
I will love you longer than forever.
Promise me that you will leave me never.
Here I am now dear…all my love I vow, dear.
Promise me that you will leave me never.
I will love you longer than forever.
Now that we are one, clouds won’t hide the sun.
Blue skies of Hawaii will smile on this our wedding day.
I do…I do
Love you…love you
With all my heart.”
***
They sat in silence once again as the torches caste an orange shimmer over the lagoon and the moon dipped behind the trees.
“Tasha?” Tony whispered in her ear.
“Yes, Tony?” she said softly and looked up into his eyes.
“Will you marry me?” Tony said.
“Of course I will, Tony. I can imagine nothing else,” she whispered as she turned her head to his chest and pressed the side of her face into his chest.
“What are you doing, Tsarina?” Tony asked quietly.
“I’m listening to my heartbeat.”
They sat there for a long time but eventually headed back to camp. They dried each other off and hanged their clothes by the fire. Tasha spread a blanket by the fire and they laid down together and became hypnotized by the crackling flames.
“Let’s go in the tent, honey. I think a bug bit my butt,” Natasha said.
“Okay. You go on in. I’ll be there in a minute.”
Tony sat staring into the fire for a while longer. He wasn’t thinking of anything particular. He just was hypnotized.
“What are you doing out there, Tony? There is an incredibly beautiful, naked women in the tent,” Tasha yelled out to him.
He smiled. “Great! You two go ahead and get started. I’ll be there in a minute.”
“We don’t want to. We want a real man but you’re the only other person on the island.”
Tony laughed. “Coming dear!”
Once in the tent, Natasha pulled him on top of her and kissed him passionately. She and Tony again made passionate love with her again being dominant. She didn’t have the intensity that she had before but she was definitely more assertive. When they both collapsed in each other’s arms, they were dripping with sweat but were too exhausted to go back to the lagoon to swim and bathe. Tony grabbed a towel and dried them both off. They laid side by side staring into each other’s eyes. Light from the campfire and torches still dance on the tent wall, illuminating the interior.
Natasha, feeling playful, caressed his cheek and spoke softly saying, “I always dreamed that a loving, sensitive, extremely attractive man would someday ask me to marry him.” She cuddled closer and kissed him passionately. Then paused, saying, “I guess you will do until he gets here.”
Tony smiled and crossed his eyes. “And I promise you that when you get old, fat and your boobs are hitting your knees…I won’t find you totally and completely repulsive.”
Natasha laughed softly and rolled on top of him.
“I will love you longer than forever,” Tasha sang in a sweet, sincere tone.
“Promise me that you will leave me never,” Tony sang.
***
They made love twice more before Natasha fell asleep. Tony silently crept out of the tent. Total darkness had almost completely swallowed their little paradise. The campfire was but a mound of orange coals peeking from under a blanket of ash. The torches were flickering out and the moon had already finished its journey across the sky and was casting a dim, blue-white aura from behind the tree tops on the other side of the river. Tony wrapped the old shirt that he’d worn the first night tightly around the end of the brightest torch and the flames quickly enveloped it. With the torch held high overhead and in front of him, he made his way to the other side of the island. Once there, he followed his nose to the spot where he had placed the head of the fish he had caught the first day. With a stick, he carefully pulled Goliath's head from the bush. Flies buzzed around in droves as he freed the putrid, rotting carcass from its resting place. Many flew into the flames and vanished with a short searing sound. Using a Green leaf as a napkin, he grabbed hold of the head by the mouth and tapped it on a large flat rock. Twenty or thirty maggots dropped out and began wiggling around on its surface. He collected them in a plastic cup and headed back to camp.
Once there, he poured a glass of Scotch, sat back against a tree, and peered out over the darkness of the moving river. He removed the bandage from his finger and smelled the stale stench of rotting flesh. It was definitely infected. After wiping the wetness in the sand, he stuck his finger into the cup of hungry maggots. Ideally, he should have let the maggots do their job much sooner but he hadn’t wanted to take his time away from Natasha. With his finger in the cup, he just sat there and thought. At noon tomorrow, Captain Parker would arrive to take them back to the world. Both he and Natasha were dreading it. They hadn’t even wanted to broach the subject to each other. Tony wished so badly that he didn’t have to go back. He wanted to stay here forever, locked in time with Natasha.
He thought about what would happen when they returned and wondered about why Manuel Duarte was at the tavern before the melee. Duarte must be getting the orders from an absentee Dutchman. It made sense. He wasn’t just one of the Dutchman’s employees. He was the Dutchman’s lieutenant. Duarte must be the head of the Memphis crew. He and the Dutchman may have never even met. Duarte was a dead end most likely. The only reason to keep him out of the brig was to keep the case open and Natasha in country.
Tony fell asleep thinking about it. When he woke, it was morning and Natasha was squatting down looking at the maggots in the cup. She looked at Tony and said, “You do some really weird things, Tony!”
Tony smiled at her saying, “The maggots will eat all the dead flesh from the wound.”
“Do you still have a finger in there?”
“Yeah. They eat only dead flesh. Healthy flesh is left alone.” He pulled his finger out and it was still reddish but all the black and puss filled parts were gone. Natasha sat down beside him. She looked depressed.
“I don’t want to leave today,” she said sadly.
“I don’t either, cupcake. But I already told the Colonel in my letter that I would be back today. If I don’t show up this afternoon, he’ll have the entire Marine Corps scouring every island and coastline from Memphis to New Orleans.”
“I know.”
“We still have all morning.” Tony stood and dumped the maggots into the river and rinsed his hands. “Let’s go swim and soak in the lagoon for a while. We can pack up later.
“Okay.”
Tony tried to cheer her up as they swam but he was pretty down too. He couldn’t seem to joke very much. They just cuddled and kissed as they sat in the warm water watching the sun get higher and higher.
Tony jumped up suddenly. “I know what will cheer you up. I still have two grenades. We can blow something up!”
Natasha laughed. “That will cheer you up.”
“You laughed. See, it already cheered you up. What can we blow up?” Tony said looking around. “There’s nothing but trees and water. I don’t want to destroy anything about this island. I guess we can just encourage some fish to take a nap. Wait here! I’ll be right back,” he said as he jumped up and ski walked to the shore. When he got back, he ski walked back out into the water carrying the grenades over his head like gold medals he just won in the Olympics. A big, goofy smile covered his face. “As intended wife of the luckiest man on Earth, I give you the privilege of throwing the first grenade,” he announced cordially and tossed a projectile to her. She screamed and her eyes widened in horror.
“Tony! Are you crazy?” she yelled as she frantically tried to run through the water.
“Tasha! It’s okay. It was just a rock.” He turned his left hand to show her both grenades were still in his possession.
“That’s not funny, Tony! You scared me to death!”
“Sorry, honey. It would have been safe if I had tossed it to you. Look…they still have the little bread twisty tie thingies on them.”
She stood silent for a moment, staring at him without expression. “I’m not sure I want to have sex with you anymore,” she said trying to look serious but a smile escaped her lips.
“I really am sorry, baby. I didn’t think it would scare you that much,” he said as he made his way to her. “Let’s just throw them and watched the plume.”
Tony coached her on how to hold, arm, and release the grenade. When she was ready, Tony saw that she was shaking a little. “Don’t be frightened. It’s just a tool. You have control of it. Just look where you want it to go and throw it. Don’t throw it high in the air. Throw it hard and about fifteen degrees high like you’re trying to hit someone at a distance with it.” By this time Tony was getting a bit nervous. He had never seen her throw anything before. She might hold on to it too long and throw it into the water in front of them, or she may not throw it far enough. Just as he was about to change his mind, she pulled the pin and threw it. It was fast and straight and went farther than Tony thought he could throw. ‘She runs faster than me and she throws better than me. This isn’t good for my ego,' he thought. “Wow! That was beautiful,” he exclaimed just before a loud, muffled ‘Phlump’ sounded. A white, thirty foot, plume of water shot into the air. Natasha was ecstatic. “That was a great throw. Throw this one too.” He handed her the last grenade.
“What about you?”
“I’m good. You go ahead.”
Tasha took the grenade and launched as perfectly as the first. After the explosion, she had a huge grin covering her face and her eyes were bright and shiny. Adrenaline coursed through her veins.
“I told you it would cheer you up.”
She threw her arms around him and gave him a quick peck on the mouth.
“Natasha?”
“Yes.”
“You were just kidding about the sex…right?
***
They inevitably had to head back and pack the crates. At noon, Captain Parker's helicopter loomed over head and a rope and harness dropped out of the opened side door. With debris flying all over and their hair blowing wildly, they had to shield their faces with their arms. Tony looked back at the island behind him and Tasha caught his gaze. She leaned in to kiss him then put her face on his chest.


Chapter 13: Resurrection
***
Tony led Natasha to the rope ladder with their arms raised to shield them from the little bits of flying projectiles pelting their faces. Tasha went first with Tony close behind, assisting her assent. Once aboard, they were quickly seated by a rather bulky Marine with a large amicable smile.
“Welcome aboard, Tarzan…Cousin Daisy. Buckle up!” Parker yelled from the cockpit once the side door was shut. “Stovall, give them some headphones and secure them in.” Tony and Natasha put on the head gear and Charlie spoke again, “Tony, we’re on the internal-only ship com link so we’re free to talk. How are y’all doing?”
“Good. Thanks for the pick-up,” Tony responded.
“How are you, Miss Daisy?”
“I’m fine, thank you,” Tasha said nervously.
“Tony, I’ll have to drop you at the airport. I can’t land back at the base with you guys in civies. I’ll have to do a touch and go and return to base. There’s a car waiting for you at the terminal. They’ll take you home. When do I get to hear the story?”
“Soon, if there’s anything left of me when the Colonel gets done. Can I take the controls, Charlie?” Tony asked as Natasha looked over wide eyed. Tony already knew the answer. He looked like he was plucked straight out of a Jimmy Buffet video.
“Negative, Sailor. Not with what you’re wearing. If anyone saw us, my goose would be cooked with my giblets in a gravy on the side. We can continue your lessons any time as long as you’re in flight gear. Alright, we’re coming up on approach. I have to switch the radio back on to talk to the tower. Keep quiet. Tony, y’all jump out when I land. Watch the rotors. I’ll talk to you soon. Nice meeting you Miss Daisy. Switching the radio on…now!”
***
Tony and Natasha walked into their apartment and plopped down heavily on the couch. “I hated leaving our island but it is good to be home,” Tasha said exhaling long and heavily. “I just want to take a long, hot shower and sleep on our nice, soft bed.”
“Me too. I need to get cleaned up and go see the Colonel. Man, I am not looking forward to that. I think I’ll dress in civies. He treats me more like a real person when I’m not in uniform,” he said mostly to himself as he leaned his head back over the top of the couch.
“It will be alright, baby. Just tell him how much fun we had. I’m sure he will be happy for you.” She nudged him and smirked.
“I’m sure!” Tony said with a muffled laugh.
***
The Officer’s pool was emptied of water and a half a dozen raw recruits scrubbed the white cement walls and floor with a foul smelling liquid. It was an acid judging from the putrid smell of the foggy gas emanating from it. These poor recruits, whether being punished for some trivial violation or merely tortured by some tyrant drill instructor, were heavily clad in protective gear and gas masks. They looked like some off world explorers scrubbing the lunar surface. Considering it was over a hundred degrees in the shade, I must admit I felt sorry for them as I drank my margarita. As I sat there watching the poor unfortunates, I remembered a scene from an episode of ‘MASH’ where Hawkeye and Trapper were sitting and watching a latrine digging while drinking martinis. Hawkeye said, “I love work! I could sit and watch it for hours!” That was my sentiment but I still felt sorry for the recruits.
“Welcome back, Ani! I missed you,” I told Tony as he walked up behind me. I hadn’t seen him enter the gate but I felt his presence as he approached. I always thought it weird how people always felt his gaze on the back of their necks. It was if he projected himself through his eyes. Me? No one ever saw me even when they were looking straight at me.
“Hi, buddy…Ani? Are you saying that I’m Little Orphan Annie?” he asked as he looked at me confused.
“No!”
Tony thought for a minute then realization crossed his face. “I am not Darth Vader!”
“Darth Vader wasn’t Darth Vader until he was Darth Vader. He was Aniken SkyWalker first.
“Yeah…whatever! I still work for the good guys. I haven’t gone to the dark side,” he said dismissively as he sat down on the lounge chair, handing me a drink.
“Yet…you haven’t turned to the dark side…yet. You’re skirting the boundaries of good and evil, buddy. It’s only a matter of time before you fall into the abyss.”
“I didn’t come here for a lecture, Levi. I need your advice.”
“Okay,” I said. “Since you had the good sense to buy me a drink, I’ll regale you with my infinite and somewhat inebriated wisdom. What is it?”
“It’s Tasha. I’ve asked her to marry me. I don’t think it’s going to be easy but I have to make it happen. I want this more than I’ve ever wanted anything else in my life. I love her so much that it hurts. I know your idea of love is waking up in the morning and finding the girl already gone but try to understand. I’ll do anything to make this happen. What do I do?” Tony asked sincerely. I had never seen him this vulnerable.
“Well, thanks for the sideways insult. But I actually think its love when the girl leaves early and puts her gorgeous sister’s phone number on the pillow. Seriously, I don’t know what you should do. This isn’t even close to my area of expertise. I know of her family’s predicament so her staying here isn’t wise. You could go there but I think you’ve grown too accustomed to London broil and ice cream. The third alternative is to simply wait. Natasha believes that the Soviet Union will crumble. Maybe it won’t be soon but I think she’s right. It is inevitable. I think your only choice is to be patient. Let her go back to Ukraine and just wait.”
“Do you have any idea how hard that’ll be for me? I find it hard just to breathe when I’m not near her. You know I don’t say things like this lightly. I have never felt this way before.”
“Just be patient, Aniken. Let her go home and wait until the time is right. Nothing will change between the two of you. You’re soul mates and always will be. Just be patient. Gorbachev is leader of the Soviet Union now. He’s a reformist. You never know, things may get better real quick.” Just then, I got an idea. “Wait a minute! What if you were to splash some of that gold on Natasha’s dad? I know you care about money as little as I do. It’s as good a use for it as any. It would help the pro-democracy cause in Russia and which in turn benefits the United States. He apparently has President Reagan’s ear. I imagine Reagan would support whatever recommendation Natasha’s father would make. He would have to back that horse in the best interest of both countries. Maybe you could say that you will only make your donations through Natasha. You may be able to convince her father to make her a permanent liaison. Of course, you’ll want the donation part of it kept secret from both our governments.”
“How would I get the money to him?”
“I don’t know. You’re the wanna-be spy guy. Do some cloak and dagger shit. Ask Natasha! Her brother could probably arrange everything and keep it quiet while he does. You can worry about marriage when the Soviet Union collapses and the Iron Curtain comes down,” I said to him knowing the idea would appeal to him. “You can work out the details with her brother. It’s a good idea on its own but you’ll probably need him to pull it off. I don’t think just running around blowing stuff up will work in this case.”
Tony thought about it for a moment and realized that it was a better option than just waiting and doing nothing. “Okay, I’ll float it by Tasha and see what she thinks. It can’t hurt to try. Maybe I’ll get lucky and get to blow something up anyway,” he said in anticipation. He was definitely in better spirits.
“When are you going to see Brandywine?”
“I’m on my way there now,” he replied as his spirits again dropped.
***
Tony dreaded facing the Colonel but knew he had to eventually. He didn’t have any clever explanations prepared and just planned to go in and take it like a man. Maybe the Colonel had already forgotten about it, he thought wishfully. He walked into the front door of headquarters and was immediately face with toothy smile from Lt. Mallory.
 “Are you smiling because you’re happy to see me or because you’re about to see me get my ass kicked?”
“I’m smiling because you’re alive, Petty Officer Tony. It’s good to see you again. The Colonel’s been waiting for you. You better have three bottles of Scotch whiskey and a box of Cuban’s in that backpack. It would make things go a whole lot easier for you.”
“Is he really that upset? I could leave and come back later,” he said with a weak smile. The Colonel was still the only man that could truly scare him.
“No…you’d better stay. Come over here for a minute,” she said as she leaned forward in her chair as if to share a secret with him. He walked over and squatted on his haunches beside the Lieutenant. She whispered, “When the Colonel first heard about what happened at the bar, he was devastated. He thought you were really dead but then I got your message. I gave it to him and a smile ran from ear to ear. When he saw me looking at him, he turned back to his grizzly old scowl and walked out. I am happy you’re still alive, too. He’s probably going to give you a Marine style shakedown but he’s really glad you’re okay. The Scotch and cigars are a different story. Just go in there and tell him everything and it’ll be okay. I’m not sure he’ll approve of your tan, though. It looks like you just came back from a Jamaican cruise.” Then she surprised him by giving him a quick peck on the cheek. Before that day, she had hardly ever looked him in the eye. She was never snobbish but just never seemed to hold eye contact.
“Why Lieutenant, you’re a married woman,” he said with mock embarrassment. “If I don’t come out within the hour, could you make sure that my ass gets buried with my body?”
She laughed and mashed a button on the phone. “Colonel, there is a beautifully tanned scoundrel here to see you. He has no Scotch and no cigars,” she said still smiling broadly.
“Thanks Lieutenant but you can put the shovel down. I finished digging my grave days ago.” Tony said as he turned toward the Colonel’s door waiting for the grim reaper to appear. For a moment, he visualized a cloaked skeleton standing there motioning him forward with its bony index finger.
The Colonel opened his office door and looked at Tony with his usual scowl. “Come in, Petty Officer Russo.” He motioned for Tony to have a seat. After Tony was seated, in a gruff tone Brandywine bellowed “Start talking! Now!”
“A Preacher, a Priest and a Rabbi all walk into a bar. The bartender says…”
“Russo!” Brandywine barked angrily but Tony could swear he saw a slight smile momentarily cross his face. Lieutenant Mallory involuntarily laughed out loud in the other room and the Colonel slammed the door shut, nearly shaking his large picture of Stonewall Jackson off the wall.
“Sorry, sir. Joking is a nervous habit of mine.” Tony went on to tell him every detail of what happened with the exception of the gold, his personal activities on the island with Natasha, and Captain Parker's involvement. Also absent from his explanation was the forethought and intentional ‘baiting’ in which he had enticed the unfortunate thugs into his web. Tony attempted to make it appear as if the explosives were merely defensive precautions and self-preservation was his only aim. The Colonel sat quietly through most of it but would occasionally interrupt and pose a question. Tony got the feeling he was actually enjoying the story. “So you see, I got myself locked into a course of events that I couldn’t stop. It was all my fault and I saw it as it was happening. My inexperience and arrogance screwed the whole operation up from the beginning. That’s why, if I survive the next ten minutes, I would like to request a more intensive and detailed training program.” Tony stopped and waited for him to respond and didn’t have to wait long.
He started speaking softly saying, “You could have stopped it. You could have just walked away. We don’t know how many people died and it wasn’t necessary. You let your personal feelings and obsession cloud your judgment.
He paused then continued, “And I don’t entirely believe you were acting solely in self-defense. Your ‘booby traps’ were too methodical and precise. Their apparent aim appears to be the annihilation of the enemy rather than an orderly retreat. In a wartime environment, I would say your tactics were brilliant but we are not on a battlefield.”
He paused for another moment and looked at Tony. “But I’ll give you the benefit of the doubt. Perhaps you just got carried away with the explosives as young men are likely to do. I’ve seen it in the Marines Corps all too often. Tony, our job is to gather evidence and bring suspects to the courts and let the courts pass judgment. If it’s a military matter, we make a case and turn it over to JAG (Judge Advocate General). If we uncover a civilian infraction, we turn it over to the local police and help them make their own case. We absolutely have no right to judge any more than the local police do. It has to be that way!” he said as he lightly struck his fist on the desk stressing his point.
After pausing for a yet another moment, he exhaled heavily and continued. “I can tell you all the ways that what you did was wrong but I think you already know. I have to admit, though, I am impressed with your innovation and resourcefulness, very impressed indeed. And in all my years in the service, I have never ever heard of anyone in the Navy ‘sinking’ a mountain. Making fire with steel wool and a battery, that’s a new one for me too. But you didn’t tell me how you and Miss Duvall got off the island.”
“I had arranged for a friend to pick me up,” Tony said carefully choosing his words. He got the feeling the Colonel knew something but he couldn’t betray Parker. “Colonel, I can’t tell you of my friends’ involvement. He’s in the military and his career could be at stake. He helped me as a true friend would.”
“You do know that the ‘I’ in NIS stands for investigative, don’t you?”
“You already know?” Tony asked looking perplexed.
“Very little happens here without my knowing it. Your big adventure took me completely by surprise but I’d like to think that is an exception and not the rule. How you managed to get those State Department boys to follow your orders is a bit of a mystery to me, as well. Hell, I find myself taking orders from you occasionally. I guess I can understand that. But when you use the Marines on this base for anything, it gets back to me. I was aware when you hired the boys to clear the tunnel entrance from the river. I was aware of your flying lessons and Captain Parker's nonscheduled flights to the south. I didn’t know where he was going but he is an exceptional pilot and good, trustworthy Marine. He has earned the trust we give him. In this case, he was helping one of my people which is his duty as an Officer. I do not, however, know how transporting a pallet full of bricks to North Carolina falls under that umbrella. Would you care to enlighten me?”
Tony had to answer fast or the Colonel would know he was lying but he had no lie prepared. Nestled at the back of a cave on Crowder’s Mountain, he had stashed nearly all of the gold and silver with Charlie’s help. Of course Charlie thought they were actually bricks for a camping project of Tony’s. Tony had never expected anyone to ever ask about it. 
“It was a Habitat for Humanity donation, sir. You know, the home building project for the poor sponsored by former President Carter. I donated the old, loose bricks from the basement of the tavern to a building project for a family in my friend’s hometown. I know it was a misuse of military equipment and personnel but using a truck would have taken more time than I had. I told Parker that it was approved by you. I’m prepared to pay the costs of the flight.” He gambled that a little misdirection of the Colonels attention would lead him away from asking any further questions on that particular issue. He was right.
“And how can you do that? Are you getting paid more than I am? I couldn’t afford it.”
“I’m glad you asked,” Tony said smugly as he pulled four thick stacks of hundred dollar bills from his backpack.
The Colonel looked at the money and then back at Tony but said nothing.
“It’s $80,000. I found it in a hidden wall safe in the tavern shortly before the walls came tumbling down. It think it technically belongs to the Navy since a Sailor found it but…I haven’t informed them yet. Maybe it belongs to the landlords of the bar. I’m not sure who has legal claim to it really. I think once it’s found, there’s a seven year hold. Whoever found it takes possession, if it isn’t claimed. That safe hadn’t been opened in seventy years so I imagine no one will claim it. Just take it. It’ll easily cover the money you put into the bar as well as the car, helicopter usage, and the other stuff.” The money was actually from the part of the silver treasure that he was able to sell. It was necessary for him to distribute the treasure in small increments in order not to raise any flags with the FBI, Department of the Treasury, or Internal Revenue. That was turning out to be a lot more difficult than he had anticipated.
“Normally, the money would be a matter for JAG but I suppose I can’t let them know the details of its acquisition, especially your involvement. I’ll figure something out.” Brandywine looked back up at Tony with a curious look upon his face. “You said other stuff. To what other stuff were you referring?” the Colonel asked knowing what Tony was referring to but wanted him to say it.
“Yes, sir. The other stuff.”
“What other stuff, Petty Officer?” he asked more forcefully.
“You know. The unexpected, yet necessary expenses of everyday mundane case work; Paperclips, surgical gloves, fifty year old Scotch, Cuban cigars, pencils, pens…things like that.”
“Oh, Tony. Where did I go wrong with you? I send you to school. I feed you and put clothes on your back and how do you repay me? You get busted for shoplifting,” the Colonel said playfully as he reclined in his chair.
Tony really wasn’t expecting Brandywine to be so…nice. Maybe the Colonel really was happy that Tony wasn’t dead. He again just said whatever came into his head. “I’m sorry, dad! Can I help it if you raised me with the same impeccable tastes that you have. Fifty year old Scotch and Cuban cigars, how could I resist?” he paused for a moment and said, “Seriously sir, I am sorry. It was just an impulsive thing. Thoughts of gazing out over the Mississippi with fine Scotch and Cubans…you would have loved it.”
“It was my Scotch and my Cubans. I’m sure I would have loved it. Don’t let Mallory know that I didn’t crucify you for it. You know, in the Bible, the Crucifixion came before the Resurrection. You can’t do anything according to the rules, can you? Go see Doctor Brewster in our lab. Let him have a look at that hand. Maggots? Really? Report back here and we’ll discuss your request for additional training.”
“Aye Aye, sir! Thank you, sir!” Tony turned as if to walk out, then stopped and turned back around. “I almost forgot!” He reached into his backpack again and pulled out an unopened bottle of fifty year old Scotch and then another. Then he pulled out the box of cigars. Colonel Brandywine looked at him and cocked his head to the side. “Only two cigars are gone. I found other things to occupy my time. A little bit of paradise…Southern style!” Tony smiled, winked, and walked out.
Once outside, he briefly stopped to talk to Lieutenant Mallory.
“I didn’t hear any yelling. I told you he’d go easy on you. I’m beginning to think you’re the prodigal son,” Mallory said with a wink.
“Thanks for the advice earlier, Lieutenant. It helped. Can you call up and see if Doc Brewster has time to see me now?”
“Doc Brewster? He’s the Medical Examiner. He only sees dead people.”
“Haven’t you heard? I am dead!”
“Oh, yeah,” she said as she snickered and picked up the phone speaking briefly. “He said to come on up. Just let him look at your hand, though. If you give him half a chance, he’ll perform an autopsy on you. See you later, Tony!”
“Later, Lieutenant!”
“Please, call me Maria,” she said demurely.
“Okay. Later, Maria!” As he walked away, he thought, ‘Things just keep getting weirder and weirder around here.’
***
Doc Brewster was a short, stocky old fellow that sported gold wire rimmed glasses and a thick, walrus mustache. He appeared to have another bushy mustache above his eyes. Tony couldn't decide whether the man was of Greek-Asian descent or really did belong to a walrus family. Saying he was talkative would be a massive understatement. From the moment Tony walked in, he was assaulted with a myriad of questions of which very few were injury related. Few questions even required answers. Brewster just ran from one question to the next, interjecting his own thoughts in between breaths. Philippine by birth, he regaled Tony with stories from all over the Pacific theater. Doc Brewster did apologize for his verbal excitement, however. He explained that he wasn’t accustomed to having patients that had the capacity to listen and respond. “Dead people tend to not talk a lot,” he explained. He did only a cursory examination and bandaged Tony’s hand again. When Tony left, he was exhausted. Shattered was his chauvinistic idea that only women talked excessively.
***
Back down in the Colonel’s office, he was given an itinerary for a training program that surpassed his highest expectations. Brandywine had put it all together and got approval with several instructors at three different bases, one pending; all while Tony was upstairs.
“Come in, Russo. Have a seat,” the Colonel said motioning him into the chair. “I’ve put together a program for the training you asked for. Look it over and see what you think. If you approve, you can begin as soon as your finger heals. Just make sure it’s healed in the next three weeks.”
Tony was a bit shocked that Brandywine had acted so fast to his request. That he approved it at all was a shock. Tony looked it over briefly. “It’s perfect. This is nearly a year of training, sir.” Tony thought for a moment. His enlistment was up in less than two years so that only allowed for roughly a year for the Colonel to use his investment. “What’s the catch, sir?” he asked already suspecting the answer.
“Catch? Why should there be a catch?” he asked. Tony knew Brandywine was playing a game he always played, testing his agents reasoning.
“It’s pretty obvious, sir. The training is a nearly a year long investment. I have less than a year after that before my enlistment is up. That’s hardly enough time for you to use my training. You want me to give you my word that I’ll reenlist.”
“Then why ask the question if you already know the answer? Just like hearing your own voice?”
“It’s kinda sexy…turns me on.”
“Well, before you get too excited listening to yourself, listen to me. Hopefully, my voice won’t incite the same reaction. Yes, I will require a promise of reenlistment from you. I doubt that is a problem for you judging from your previous attitudes. If I’m wrong, you do have the option to decline the program.”
Tony read the schedule more carefully. His first round of training was thirteen weeks on Parris Island in South Carolina. Tony had heard horror stories about that place. It was a Marine basic training base that suffered extreme heat and humidity. Swamps surrounded the base. Huge mosquitoes, alligators, and giant water moccasins filled the island. Tony grew up near that region and in that climate so wasn’t real worried about that. The training, however, was brutal. Men were pushed to the edge of their physical and mental limits.
The second leg of the program was three months in Coronado, California. Approval for this was still pending. Tony, hopefully, would have the opportunity to train with the Navy SEALS. He was most excited about this program. The SEALS were the most well trained teams in the world. He would learn to operate on land, sea and in the air. But he would have to learn to play well with others. These men worked as teams and had to trust one another, something Tony had a problem with. He was perfectly content as a lone wolf.
The third round of training would be here at Memphis, Naval Air Station. For three months, he would be submitted to a more advanced and intensive program of hand to hand combat, special weapons training, and military tactics. The Colonel had also authorized Captain Parker to formally give flying lessons to Tony. This came as a bit of a shock. There wasn’t any real justification for the flight school. It wasn’t necessary for the job. “You authorized helicopter flying lessons. While your being so accommodating, might I ask to log some flight time in an F-14 Tomcat?” Tony asked as he ventured a glance at Brandywine's blank stare. “No? I took a shot,” he said as he turned back to reading.
His final round of training was at Great Lakes Naval base for three months. He was to have classes in surveillance, evidence procedures, law, and the more routine aspects of police work.
Tony was elated at the Colonel’s generosity. He didn’t really understand why his request for additional training was granted in view of his obvious mishandling of his previous assignment. He had to ask why, even though he knew he shouldn’t. “Colonel, I give my word that I’ll reenlist. May I ask why you granted my request?”
Brandywine looked up from his desk, sat quietly for a moment and said, “So you don’t kill yourself, Petty Officer. You’ve displayed real abilities to me in the past year and I want you to develop them. The thing I am most impressed with about you is that you’re a free thinker. I realize that’s a strange thing for a Marine Officer to say but it’s true. You analyze a situation quickly and react; not always correctly but, still, you react. I’ve designed this program to give you the tools you need to make correct and informed choices. First, sending you to Parris Island hopefully will impart some discipline and the ability to follow orders. I know that won’t take but you’d damn well better follow orders to the letter while you’re there. Those drill Sergeants will literally beat the dog shit out of you and send you back to me in a plastic, quart sized, zip lock baggie. Your tour at Coronado and Memphis NAS is to develop the skills and tactics for which you have already shown a natural ability. I can’t make any promises about Coronado, though. I put in the request for you to observe but much of their training is classified and it’ll take much more time than you have. We’ll just have to wait and see. Your training at Great Lakes is designed to teach you the procedures and laws that we must follow. This training is the most important for what we do.” He paused for a moment and Tony thought he detected something in his eyes…sorrow. Where it came from or why it showed up at that moment, Tony hadn’t a clue. Brandywine started to say something else then checked himself. Instead, he simply said, “Dismissed, Petty Officer.”
“Colonel, there are two more items I wish to discuss if you have time. One is of a personal nature,” Tony said sounding more urgent than he had intended.
“Certainly, go ahead.”
“First, I’ve come to the conclusion that I won’t be able to get any closer to the Dutchman through Manuel Duarte. He’s one of his lieutenants but I’ve reasoned it’s through proxy only. You can take him into custody and we can get the Orion’s flight schedules back to normal.” At that moment, it occurred to Tony that the Dutchman had been selling false information to the Russians for nearly a year. Letting the Russian buyers know this could entice them to go after the Dutchman themselves. Maybe even put a hit out on him. That wasn’t the most ethical way of dealing with the Dutchman and Tony was sure the Colonel would disapprove. It certainly would be the most expedient way to deal with this scumbag. He needed to get Natasha to arrange for him to talk to her brother Nicholas.
The Colonel brought him back to his original train of thought by asking, “What about Miss Duvall? You realize that she will most likely be recalled to the Soviet Union?”
“Yes, sir. That’s the second issue I wish to discuss. I asked Sandy to marry me. I have no idea how but I have to find a way. Tension within the Soviet Union has lessened considerably since she first arrived. She may be able to find a way to stay through her own diplomatic channels but I would like to ask you for your help. If you could ask about it to the State department; and see what I need to do, without using any names of course, I would really appreciate it.”
Brandywine leaned back in his chair and appeared to be deep in thought about this request. Tony knew he had once held a deep prejudice against Natasha because of her nationality; and because he, at one time, had assumed she was a spy. He knew the Colonel had been gradually becoming friendly and trusting of her. He hoped it was enough to enlist his help. The Colonel spoke softly saying, “It’s hard enough to get through the red tape of military marriages to foreign nationals when we have good relations. I imagine it’ll be doubly hard for you and Sandy but I’ll float some questions around and see what I can find out. You’ll have to get her to go through the Soviet bureaucracy and ask the same questions. It may be even more difficult from that direction than from ours.” Of that, Tony was certain.
“Aye Aye, sir! Thank you, sir!” Tony folded up his itinerary and, as he turned and walked out, wondered about the sorrow that he saw in the Colonel’s eyes earlier. What caused it? He realized how little he really knew about Colonel Vincent Brandywine. Then Tony suddenly realized what his training regimen meant for him. He would be separated from Natasha. Whether it was because she had to return or because he would be in training, they would be separated. If she were able to stay here then he would at least be able to see her more frequently. If not? His excitement quickly turned to despair. For now, he thought, he’ll just plan things as if she’ll be with him in the States.


Chapter 14: Parris Island
***
“Hi Tony! I was just on my way out,” Charlie Parker said as he grabbed his keys.
“That’s okay. I came to see your wife,” Tony said as he gave her a peck on the cheek, smiling mischievously back at Charlie. Jessica put her arms over Tony’s shoulders and also smiled at Charlie.
Charlie looked at him and kept his eyes on the two of them as he slowly walked past. As he opened the front door; he turned and said, “Okay…but don’t drink my beer!” and walked out.
Jessica and Tony both laughed boisterously. “I think he trusts you too much,” Tony said.
“He trusts both of us, Tony. What is it you wanted to see me about?” she asked as she went and got two beers from the fridge.
Tony followed her and sat down on a bar stool. “I’m going away for training soon. It’s a year-long program at different bases. I’ll be gone for three months on the first leg and won’t be able to come home. It’ll be the same for the final three months. While I’m gone, could you hang out with Sandy and keep her company. She’ll be all alone and I don’t like the idea of her having no one to talk to. I’ve selfishly monopolized all her time and she hasn’t made many friends. But don’t mention to her that I’m going away yet. I haven’t had the chance to talk to her about that, yet.”
“Of course I’ll hang out with her. Bring her over and let me meet her. She must be naive and gullible, though. How she fell for a scoundrel like you, I’ll never understand.”
“Oh really? You know, Sandy’s English is better than yours or mine. But she doesn’t read it quite so well,” Tony said as he looked at the ceiling and scratched his chin. He was hinting to her that he had read the note she had written to Natasha.
Jessica looked at him confused but then it dawned on her what he was talking about. A huge smile crossed Tony’s face. “Ah, there it is…the look of comprehension!”
“You read my letter to her?”
“Yeah, I especially liked the part where you said, ‘I just love him to death. If I had met him before Charlie…well.' It makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.”
“Okay, butt head. You caught me. I don’t totally despise you. Why don’t you and Sandy have dinner with us this evening? We’re grilling steaks and we have plenty. That’s why Charlie wet out…to get some charcoal. He should be back soon. Now that he knows you’re here, he’ll probably go by the base and see if he can find something loud and dangerous for y’all to play with.”
“Dinner would be fantastic. Loud and dangerous…even fantasticer. I should ask Sandy first but I’m sure she’ll want to come over. I’ll call you when I get back home and let you know.”
***
Tony returned a couple of hours later with Tasha. Charlie was already grilling the steaks. Corn on the cob wrapped in aluminum foil were nestled in the greying coals. Fat Polish sausages sizzled and swelled on the heat of the soot blackened, well used grill. Jessica was inside finishing up with the salad, slaw, baked potatoes, and Texas toast. Tony and Tasha first went into the kitchen and the girls started blabbering like they were long lost sisters. Tony, feeling Natasha was comfortable enough, left and joined Parker.
“Hey, Charlie!”
“Tony, what’s up? I’ve got something to show you later. It’s pretty cool,” he said as he said as he pulled the steaks and sausages from the grill.
“Okay!”
Jessica and Natasha started ferrying all the food from inside and placed it on the picnic table. “Everything’s ready, boys! Do y’all want some beers?” Jessica asked.
Charlie looked at Tony. “Why do women always insist on asking questions they already know the answer to?”
“I think they just feel the need to saturate every possible moment with chatter.”
“Yes, dear,” they both said loudly in unison.
When she returned, Tony and Charlie waited for the ladies to be seated and then took their own seats. Charlie said grace and they all began eating and talking. Charlie and Jessica wanted to know everything about the tavern and the weekend on the island so Tony and Tasha told the story as a team. When they were done, there was a moment of silence. Then Jessica with her hands clasped at her heart and Charlie forward in his seat, responded.
“He proposed to you in the river under a full moon? That is so romantic,” Jessica said to Natasha.
“You blew up and sank a mountain? That is so cool,” Charlie said to Tony.
Questions started flying in two different camps; Jessica to Natasha and Charlie to Tony. Pretty quickly Charlie ran out of questions but Jessica was still going strong. “What did you want to show me?” Tony asked Charlie.
“Oh, yeah! If you’ll excuse us ladies, we have business to attend. Come, Sir Tony. Follow me hither,” Charlie said as he rose and walked to the middle of the yard.
“Aye, my Lord!”
Charlie pulled a tarp off of a table that had a strange electronic device on top.
“It looks awesome.” Tony paused. “What is it?”
“It’s an EMP…an Electro Magnetic Pulse device. I got it from a friend that works at a research lab in Memphis. It’s relatively new technology. It is to me anyway.” He held up a remote to Tony and said, “With a flip of this switch, any electronics within twenty feet will be fried. Can you imagine the applications this thing could have for the military? With a strong enough EMP, whole armies could be stopped in their tracks. Enemy planes could be knocked out of the sky without firing a single missile. Communications and radar could be rendered useless. Nuclear missiles could be made to fall out of the sky harmlessly. The uses are limitless!”
“But if you use it, won’t it fry our armies and air forces too? I guess that would depend on proximity and the method of delivery or if could be fired directionally like a laser.”
“Right! It can all be researched and developed. Reagan’s ‘Star Wars’ Strategic Defense Initiative program could be revolutionized with this technology. Hell, they probably already are developing it.”
“What are we gonna do with it?” Tony asked hoping to fry some electronics.
“We’re going to test it!” Tony followed Charlie back into the house and they grabbed a radio, an alarm clock, and a television. Jessica and Natasha were still busy tossing words around in the air and almost didn’t notice them.
“Charlie, what are you boys doing now?” Jessica yelled to him.
“Nothing!”
“Charlie!!!”
“Tony!!!” Natasha said in the same tone. Jessica looked at her and smiled.
“We’re just testing some electronics. It’s perfectly safe!” Tony said knowing he had no idea.
“Okay…but not with the television. It’s brand new.”
Feeling as if they had just been given permission to eat all the candy in the store, they proceeded to set up the device. They ran a drop cord from the house as a power source and placed the radio and alarm clock different distances from the EMP. “When need more electronics. Two samples won’t give us much to compare,” Tony said.
“My friend at the lab said that it only works if the electronics are turned on. We need another cord and a power strip, too. You get the cord and power strip and I’ll take the television back and get some other stuff.”
“Okay. Charlie, bring the aluminum foil back with you. I have an idea.”
When their tasks were complete, they had seven electronic devices in a line two feet apart and all powered up. Tony took the Aluminum foil and began fashioning a parabolic mirror. He knew it was a ridiculous idea but they were just playing around anyway.
Charlie, seeing what he was doing, said, “Cool, good idea!”
It was getting dark by the time they were ready but the street light in Charlie’s back yard gave them plenty of light to do their experiment. Natasha and Jessica had cleared the picnic table and were putting away the leftovers and washing dishes. Tony could see them clearly. Light spilled out of the large kitchen window into the growing darkness outside. He wished Natasha would come out and play. Tony turned his attention back to the experiment.
“Okay, we’re set! I’m going to put the mirror between the EMP and the electronics and try to direct the pulse away from the electronics for the first test. That’ll prove that the pulse can be directionally aimed. Well, it doesn’t prove it but it’s the best we can do with what we have. If that works and the electronics survive, we remove the mirror and see the different degrees of ‘frying’ the device has at different distances. Wait a minute,” Tony said after thinking a bit. “If the EMP fries all electronic devices, won’t it fry itself? We may not get a second test.”
“I didn’t think about that. Well, one test is better than none. Let’s test the directional mirror,” Charlie said as he started to flip the switch.
“Wait a minute! A nuclear detonation gives off an electromagnetic pulse. This won’t be radioactive will it? Does it put out any radioactive particles like gamma rays, x-rays, or death rays?”
“I don’t know,” Charlie said as he began inching back and covering his genitals. “Maybe we should move back a bit. I don’t have any lead shielding so we’ll have to chance it.”
“Okay, fire away!” The only results they expected from the test were that the radios and clocks would stop working. A few milliseconds after Charlie flipped the trigger, a massive explosion rocked the yard. Both Tony and Charlie dropped to the deck and felt the percussion wave collide into them. Tony heard the windows rattle on the house and looked back. All the lights were out. In fact, all the lights in the neighborhood were out. The only light visible was the transformer, spitting flames and sparks, on a power pole at the edge of the yard. Tony and Charlie saw the same thing at the same time. They looked at each other and laughed. 
“He may have said the range was twenty meters…not twenty feet,” Charlie said. Then he ran and grabbed the EMP and whatever electronics he could carry and headed for the back of the house. Tony followed suit. All the burnt electronics were hot and smoking so they dumped everything under the picnic table and headed into the house. Jessica and Natasha were already running through the back door onto the patio. In fact, people all around the neighborhood were walking outside and looking around.
“Charlie…Tony, are y’all alright?” Jessica asked in alarm.
“Yeah, sure. Why do you ask?” Charlie said nonchalantly as he rushed past her.
“What noise?” Tony asked as he pushed past Tasha, kissing her cheek as he quickly entered the darkened home.
Jessica looked at her and casually said, “See, I told you! Twelve year old boys with bombs!”
***
That night, when Tony and Tasha returned home, they were still laughing about the transformer incident among other things. Tasha had drank more than she usually did and had a severe case of the giggles. She was laughing at everything. Tony thought it better not to mention his training program to her yet. He really didn’t know how to broach the subject anyway. Procrastination seemed the logical approach and was his preferred method of dealing with potentially emotional situations. When they undressed and plopped into bed, Natasha got suddenly quiet for a moment.
“I have a con-tinuous orgasm,” she said and began laughing again.
Tony rolled to face her and laughed under his breath. “You do?” He paused and waited for further explanation but none came. He simply said, “Well, that must be very distracting for you.”
“I was talking to Jessica about when I lost control on the island. She said I have a con-tinuous orgasm,” Tasha said becoming suddenly serious as if she had just been diagnosed with a fatal disease. That made Tony laugh even harder.
“Oh, I see. Had…you had a continuous orgasm. It’s past tense. Do you know what that is?”
“Yes. It’s like what you explained to me about finishing; only I finished over, and over, and over, and could not stop!” she looked up at the ceiling and brushed the hair from her face.
“Tell me, my beautiful Ukrainian princess, are you in the habit of discussing our most private intimate details with people you just met?” Tony asked as he removed a stray hair from her face that she had missed. He smiled to let her know that he was only teasing her.
“No, but she is easy to talk to. She said you should talk to Charlie. She said he needs instruction. I like her. She is very nice and very funny.”
“I’ll see Charlie tomorrow. I’m sure he’ll appreciate some instruction. Honestly, I didn’t do anything. I think maybe you should give Jessica instruction. What else did you two talk about?”
“Everything. She wanted to know everything about the island. It is okay?”
“Of course it is. I was just curious.”
“It feels so good to be in our soft bed again,” she said and snuggled close to Tony. She was asleep in moments. Tony gently kissed her cheek and fell asleep with his face to hers.
***
“Good morning, beautiful,” Tony said as he kissed Tasha on the forehead. He had already been up for about an hour and had breakfast ready. He also knew he needed to speak privately to her so he closed the door and took the extra precaution of sweeping the room for listening devices. The Colonel promised not to put any in the bedroom but he wanted to be certain. He set the tray on the end table beside the bed and sat down beside her.
Natasha smacked her mouth a few times and grabbed the orange juice and drank the whole glass before setting it down. “Good morning. What time is it?” she asked as she slowly sat up. “I don’t feel so good!” she said putting her hand to her forehead and running her fingers back through her hair. She puckered her lips to receive a kiss from Tony but he declined.
“You may want to brush your teeth first, babe. I love you but there are limits,” he said with a smile. “You can eat first and then we can indulge in the usual morning pleasantries.”
“I want a kiss more than I want food,” she said as she slowly rose, stumbled to the bathroom and shut the door. After a few seconds, Tony heard her losing the contents of her stomach. “Been there…done that,” he said aloud to no one. When she was done brushing her teeth and grooming herself, she came back in the bedroom and collapsed on the bed in a fetal position.
“Here, drink this,” Tony handed her a glass of clear liquid.
“Yes, water! Thank you!” she begged grabbing the glass with both hands. Tony tried to warn her off but she took the glass and drank it in one gulp. She immediately gasped for air.
“It isn’t water, baby. I guess you know that already, huh?”
“Vodka? Really, Tony?”
“Trust me. It’ll help. Here, try to eat something,” he said as she sat up against the headboard. “I have something that I want to talk to you about.” He told her about his training program and of the plan that he and I had come up with. She listened carefully while picking at her food. When he was done, she merely nodded her head. “Well, what do you think?” Tony asked.
“It’s perfect. I have something to tell you too,” she said as she swallowed the last mouthful hard. “I contacted my brother yesterday while you were gone. He said I have to come home soon. That is why I drank so much last night. I did not want to face it and I did not want to ruin your night, either. I was worried that, once I got there, they would not let me come back. Your plan will work perfectly with getting them to let me come back. They will need me to come back to get the gold. I owe your friend a big kiss. It is such a relief. It is so simple. I know it will work!” she exclaimed giving Tony an excited kiss. “How long will you be on…what was it…Parris Island?”
“Thirteen weeks.”
“I could stay in Ukraine during that time. If I take some of the gold with me, it should be enough to convince Nicholas that you are serious. Should I tell him where you got it?”
“Sure, it doesn’t really matter. Just be honest with him about everything. Tell him the whole story. He can determine who needs to know what and what needs to be done to get you back here. Get a diplomatic pouch so you won’t be searched at customs. Find out what’s the best currency to send. Gold would be the best, I imagine. It’s untraceable but heavy and would be hard for you to lug around. American dollars or bonds would be easier but if your father’s enemies ever discovered he was accepting money from here, it could be interpreted as treasonous. You know…Russians selling out to Americans. It would be seen the same way if my government found out. I would like to talk to Nicholas sometime. I need his advice and help with the Dutchman.”
Natasha hugged Tony excitedly. “I can arrange it. You need a code name. Tarzan is good but…”
“Janus! He’s the Roman god of two faces. He looks to the future as well as the past,” Tony said quickly. Natasha looked at him quizzically. “I already put some thought into it. I think it suits me.”
“Is not Janice a woman’s name?”
“It’s J-A-N-U-S. Perfectly masculine...I reckon.”
“Okay, Janus,” she said and then gave him an excited, long lasting kiss. “Give that to Levi for me!”
“I look forward to it. He is a pretty good kisser!”
***
Two weeks later, Tony saw Tasha off at the airport. This was to be their longest separation since meeting over a year and a half ago. Tasha wept and Tony held back his emotions stoically. She left most of her clothing and carried only two suitcases. One was a diplomatic pouch holding four gold bricks, each weighing about thirty pounds. Gold was priced at about $430.00 per ounce at that time. The entire ‘donation’ was worth approximately $825,000. As a diplomatic pouch, it was necessary for her to carry it into the cabin with her instead of checking it through baggage claims. It wasn’t easy for her due to her slight build but Tony had gotten her luggage with wheels so she managed okay. She was to change planes in New York and London and land in Russia at St. Petersburg where Nicholas was to meet her. They would fly together home to Kiev. Tony knew moving from plane to plane would be difficult for her but she could handle it. Also in her possession was also a letter that Tony had written to Nicholas outlining his ideas and questions about the Dutchman and his idea to inform his Russian buyers that he had been selling false information to them for nine months. Hopefully, Nicholas would want to work with him.
“Are you going to be alright,” Tony asked Natasha as she looked toward the boarding ramp with tears in her eyes.
“Yes. I don’t want to go, Tony. I want to see my family but I want to stay with you too,” she sniffled.
“We’ll be back together before Christmas. Once you get home, you’ll be pretty busy. It’ll distract you some. You’ll forget about me the moment you set foot on Ukrainian soil,” Tony teased. He knew there was some truth to it, though. Once she was preoccupied with day to day life back home, she would be okay; just as he would be preoccupied with his activities with the Marines. Only when they had down time or when they lay in bed trying to sleep, would their absence from one another be at the forefront of their minds and they would feel the loss. That alone would be painful enough.
“No, I won’t. I will think of you every moment I’m awake and dream about you when I’m not.”
“Me too. I’ll miss you so much. I’ll be sleeping with a hundred and twenty sweaty Marines. I’d prefer to be sleeping with you. You don’t smell that bad most of the time,” he said reverting to his habit of kidding when in emotional situations. “I love you, Tsarina! Don’t forget it!”
“I won’t. Don’t forget that I love you, either. I love you so much, Tony,” she was crying again.
“Last call for boarding Delta flight 359 to New York,” sounded over the intercom.
“You’d better go, baby. I’ll see you Christmas,” he said as he hugged her close. “I love you!” Tony always thought that saying ‘I love you’ too often took away from its meaning and degraded its value. However, every time he said it to Tasha, he meant it more than the time before.
“I love you,” she held on to him as long as she could and then pulled away and walked up the aisle. Turning back she waved one last time and vanished into the plane. Tony stood and watched as the plane taxied off and flew away.
***
Induction for new recruits was the following day. His finger wasn’t yet healed but the pain was bearable as long as he didn’t bang it too hard on anything. That would be a challenge in itself. The Colonel had arranged for Charlie to fly him to Parris Island. On arrival, he was ordered to report directly to Colonel Breckenridge, Commander of the base.
“I was ordered to report to Colonel Breckenridge, Lance Corporal,” Tony said to the attendee in the front office of administration. “My name is Vitorio Mazzi. I believe he is expecting me.”
“One moment,” he said pressing a button on the phone announcing Tony. 
While Tony waited his mind began to wander. Did all Colonel’s in the Marine Corps have names starting with the letter ‘B’? He only knew two so far so that wasn’t a large enough sample to draw a conclusion. Colonel Beatrice would be a nice name. It would have the air of authority and yet the hominess and warmth of some ones aunt. Yes, Colonel Beatrice. I would love some fresh baked cookies and lemonade. No problem Colonel Beatrice, I’ll mow your lawn this afternoon. Colonel Beatrice, you know it embarrasses me when you pinch my cheek in front of company.
“The Colonel will see you now. Go on in,” Lance Corporal ‘Somebody’ said as he pointed to the Colonel’s door. Tony thanked him and entered the office.
“Petty Officer Mazzi, reporting as ordered sir,” Tony snapped to attention and stared at the wall behind the Colonel.
“Loose the Navy rank, Mazzi and I suggest you don’t let anyone know you’re in the Navy. It’ll be hard enough for you without the drill sergeants knowing you’re a Navy puke. They will ride you into the ground. Colonel Brandywine is a very old friend and I’m doing this at his request. The first thing you should do is forget everything you learned in the Navy. It’s our job to break you down and build you back into a Marine. Obviously your situation is special but you will go through the basic training like everyone else. No special consideration will be given you and you will pass or fail according to your own initiative. Do you understand?”
“Sir, yes, sir!”
“Fall in on the parade ground with the other arriving recruits. You’re on your own from here. Good luck and dismissed.”
“Thank you, sir!” Tony was in civvies so he was pretty sure he wasn’t supposed to salute but he was tempted. He chose correctly not to.
***
The following months were like the Navy’s basic training on steroids. Tony and the other recruits were verbally and physically abused like nothing he had ever seen before. It took all his self-control not to lash back. Countless hours of polishing boots, cleaning latrines, and marching with an empty rifle bored the crap out of him. The physical training was much more demanding. There were still some extremely hot days at the beginning. Once he thought he would fall over from heat stoke but he survived. Fortunately, autumn came early and the weather was perfect. The summer heat dissipated. The humidity took the form of a cool fog in the morning and torrential downpours in the afternoons. Every night, he would stiffly roll into his rack for a few hours of sleep before reveille sounded. Every day, he would run farther than the day before. He grew stronger as the weeks progressed and training became more difficult. His exhaustion was so complete that he found little energy to even think about Natasha. By the end of training, he excelled at everything. He ran six miles every day before breakfast and finished every other day with a twenty six mile, cross country run. The whole company ran with him but they faded from his awareness. This was his favorite time; away from the drill sergeants; away from the abuse and bullshit at the base. For a few hours, it all vanished from his thoughts. The only thing he saw was the terrain with the Spanish moss hanging heavily from the trees. This was home to him. Around and around the island he ran; through the swamps, on the beaches, in the heat, and in the rain. He hurdled fallen trees, crawled through the mud, and absolutely loved it. He killed moccasins with his knife and carefully avoided alligators. He hated the mosquitoes but, as long as he kept moving, they couldn’t catch him.
Even on base, he excelled. He could break down and rebuild his rifle in seconds and ran the obstacle course faster than anyone else. His test scores were the highest in the company. He got into trouble only once near the end of his training. He knew Colonel Brandywine was going to ream him for it. He just barely avoided getting booted out but still finished his training with the highest overall scores in the company.
Tony called the Colonel on his exit day. Brandywine offered to send Charlie to pick him up but Tony requested a few days R&R in Charleston. It was granted. At midnight, from a room in a historic house overlooking the Battery and the harbor, he called Natasha in Ukraine. There was an eight or nine hour difference. He wasn’t sure which. He caught her just as she was getting up. She screamed hysterically and babbled on in Ukrainian, Russian, and English until Tony calmed her down. All he could do was smile as he listened to her excited chatter. They hadn’t had contact in three months and he was just as excited but controlled it. When she was relatively understandable, Tony asked how it went with their plan to ensure her return. All went according to plan and she was scheduled to return to Memphis on December 23…four days away. Tony was so happy with anticipation that his heart felt as if would pop out of his chest. She and her brother had some business to attend to so she had to leave forty five minutes into the call. Tony hung up, sat out on the veranda, and gazed upon the lights of Fort Sumter at the entrance of the great harbor.
***
“Welcome back, Tony,” Colonel Brandywine said as Tony strode into his office.
“It’s good to be back, sir!” Tony handed him a sealed packet that contained his proficiency reports from Parris Island.
The Colonel opened and browsed them quickly. “What’s the problem you have with sit ups?” he asked.
“I don’t know. I can do sit ups forever hanging from the end of my rack. I guess because I can use my leg muscles but I can’t do more than seventy five if I’m lying flat with legs extended. I used to could barely do forty five so I’m improving. It’s just one of my limits, I guess.”
“It doesn’t matter. Why in hell did you tell a drill instructor to fuck off? You’re lucky you didn’t get your ass kicked or booted out. I told you to toe the line,” he said not really sounding angry.
“My bunk mate fell out on a run and I stopped to help him. Gunnery Sergeant Nash kept in my face yelling for me to leave him but I wouldn’t. I told Nash to fuck off and motivated Private Simmons to keep running. If he quit, he would have washed out. I couldn’t not help him, sir.”
“There’s a reason people wash out. They need to wash out if they aren’t strong enough or if they are quitters.”
“Simmons was the smartest one in the group and he was my friend, sir. Washing him out was not in the best interest of the Marine Corps.” He paused and looked Brandywine in the eyes. “Colonel, it was the right thing to do. I have no problem following orders. I just can’t do it without question or without following my own conscience.” Tony told the Colonel. He left out the one reason that he normally didn’t follow orders. Usually, he just thought he knew better and did things his own way.
“Perhaps that’s true. You were right…and you were wrong. You disobeyed an order by not leaving Private Simmons on the ground. That goes against the Marine code. We follow orders promptly and without question. I understand that isn’t your nature. To be honest, I would have been a little disappointed if they had broken you. Following orders unquestionably is a Marine’s duty but it is also our job to defend those that cannot defend themselves. Pulling a downed fellow Marine out of a hole at your own peril, instead of leaving him behind, is commendable. Cursing the drill instructor was a gross insubordination, though. Putting your foot in your mouth only once is still better than I thought you would do. I’m impressed! You really tried! You put everything into your training and made some really high marks.” He was still reading the report when he suddenly looked up at Tony and asked, “You were perfect on the firing range on every test, even the first one. Where did you learn to shoot like that?”
“I guess hunting squirrels in North Carolina. My friend and I would make bets on who could shoot their balls off while they jumped from treetop to treetop. We got so good at it that we started betting on right or left balls. It wasn’t just for target practice. We ate them…the squirrels, sir…not their balls.”
The Colonel laughed. “I’m proud of you, Tony. You did good!” Something about the way he said it, touched Tony. He had no memory of his father but always imagined making him proud. Making Brandywine proud made him feel like he was glowing inside. ‘Maybe I’m seeing the Colonel as a father figure,’ he thought. ‘God forbid!’
The Colonel interrupted Tony’s thoughts by asking about Sandy. Tony told him that she had gone through her own diplomatic channels and would arrive back in Memphis the following day. The Colonel handed him a thick manila folder and told him it was all the information he could gather on military marriages.
“Okay, Tony. Have a Merry Christmas and be back here on the third of January. Enjoy the holidays with Miss Duvall. Tell her Merry Christmas for me,” he said and handed Tony two wrapped boxes.
“I haven’t done any Christmas shopping yet,” Tony said feeling stupid. It really just hadn’t occurred to him. He suddenly reached into his pocket and pulled out a small bottle. “I have a mini bottle of tequila that I got on the plane,” he said and handed it to the Colonel. “Merry Christmas, sir!”
Brandywine laughed. “Don’t worry about it, son. Keep the tequila. This report is gift enough. Just have a nice Christmas.”
“Thank you, sir. Merry Christmas, sir!”
As he was walking out, Lieutenant Mallory stopped him and gave him a present and wished him a Merry Christmas followed with a long, soft kiss on the cheek. Tony handed her the tiny bottle of tequila. ‘Damn, how could I forget Christmas?’ he thought. He needed to get Tasha something fast too and maybe decorate the apartment. Christmas the previous year, he discovered that she had never celebrated Christmas. Her family was secretly Russian Orthodox Christians but religious holidays were a subdued affair. Religion was technically against the law in Communist Russia.


Chapter 15: Colonel's Christmas Gift
***
Tony stood waiting in the airport terminal the next day. Natasha’s plane had just landed and was taxiing to the ramp. In a few moments, she would be back in his arms and he would kiss her once again. That was as it should be, he felt. It was the natural order of things. When she appeared in the door, she froze and stared into his eyes. Tony had expected her to react as she had on the phone and be hysterical but she was quiet and composed. Silently, she walked slowly to him and put her arms around him, hugging him tightly, and pressed the side of her face to his chest.
“Welcome home, baby,” Tony said softly. She looked up at him watery eyes and kissed him gently.
She stared and smiled at Tony on the drive home, speaking very little. Tony understood how she felt. He wished he could just look at her and drink her in but he thought looking at the road while he was driving was a bit more prudent. When they arrived home, she was still silent. Once inside, she took his hand and led him to the bedroom and closed the door. He saw adoration and love in her eyes as she leaned in and kissed him long and passionately. “I missed you so much, Tony. I cannot explain how happy I am right now. I love you!” she said as she slowly slipped his polo shirt over his head. “My God, Tony. Look at you. You’re all muscles…even your stomach. I mean you had muscles before but now they are all over you,” she said as she ran her hands over his chest and abdomen.
Tony wasn’t real interested in his body. It was hers that drew is eyes. He kissed her, pulled her shirt over her head, and loosened her bra with a snap of his fingers. Dropping to his knees, he kissed her stomach and rubbed is cheek against her soft skin. Unbuttoning her jeans, he slid them down carefully letting his hands feel every centimeter of warm flesh on the outside of her thighs. Slowly he stood again, kissing her all over as he went. He wasn’t just loving her. He was worshiping her. The feel of her supple skin on his face and the touch of his fingers to her body was nothing less than reverent. He pressed his body to hers as his lips met her soft, inviting kiss. She lowered herself to her knees and slowly unbuttoned his jeans and worshiped him as he had her. Then, lying down on the bed, they gazed into each other’s eyes and smiled in contentment at each other as they caressed one another. For hours, they continued the ritual, never having sex but making love the entire time. They were together again and the whole world vanished. The rest of the evening and most of the night, they talked telling each other about the previous three months.
“I want to give you one of your Christmas presents early,” he said as he leaned over her and opened the drawer in the end table.
“I already have my present,” she replied and kissed his shoulder.
“A present is something you don’t get every day. You have me every day, forever. I’m not a present. I’m an annoyance.” He handed her a small box wrapped in green paper and tied with a red ribbon.
She carefully opened it and found a simple one carat diamond ring in a gold setting. “Tony?”
“It’s the engagement ring that I promised you on the island. You can get rid of the aluminum foil one now.”
“It’s beautiful,” she said as she slid it on her finger and held her hand up to look at it.
“It isn’t much but I liked it. It’s simple like me. I didn’t want to get anything gaudy or ostentatious.”
She looked at him for a moment and said, “I have no idea what those words mean.”
“It doesn’t matter. Do you like it?”
“I love it!” she said and threw her arms around him. “Thank you, Tony”
“I have your present, too,” she jumped up and ran into the living room. Tony heard her ruffling around in one of her bags and running back. She handed him a small box and sat up on the bed with her legs folded under her.
Tony opened it and found a gold necklace with small, solid gold cross. 
Tasha told him, “It belonged to my mother. When I turned sixteen, she gave it to me and told me that I would always be safe as long as I wore it. She died giving birth to my baby brother, Dema, three years ago. I guess she took it off too soon. It is not worth much but it is more valuable to me than anything I own, other than my new ring. I want you to wear it and it to keep you safe.” She wrapped it around his neck and kissed him softly.
“I couldn’t accept this Tasha. It was your mothers,” he said as he ran his fingers over it.
“Please Tony. It means a lot to me that you have it.”
“Thank you, sweetheart. I’ll wear it always,” he whispered and stretched up to kiss her. She tumbled on top of him playfully. They made love until the morning light filtered through the sheer curtains of the window. Christmas Eve, they stayed in their apartment and just savored their time together.
***
On Christmas day, they stopped in at Colonel Brandywine's house across the river in Arkansas. Natasha had wanted to wish him a Merry Christmas and give him her present. She also had wanted to see Jessica and Charlie but they were at Charlie’s family’s home in Birmingham, Alabama. As they neared the Colonel’s house, Natasha and Tony both marveled. A long, oak lined dirt road led to the most beautiful house either of them had ever seen. It was an enormous, white, plantation style house with giant white columns. A double level porch wrapped around the whole building. It looked to be pre Civil War but nearly all houses from that period had been destroyed. Why this one was spared was unknown. Maybe it served as a headquarters for the Union army or something. Tony saw a separate building immediately to the back joined to the house by an enclosed walkway. He knew that, in aristocratic homes built prior to the introduction of electricity, many kitchens were built separately from the main house; since the kitchen was more likely to catch fire. But the grandeur of the home hinted to its origin more than anything else. The splendor, extravagance, and wealth of Southern aristocracy supported on the backs of an enslaved people was the mark of the times. In the rear of the structure were huge fields that were tilled but lay fallow for the winter season. A working stable and barn were humming with life. A few workers tended the animals, paying little attention to Tony but a great deal to Natasha. Tony had no idea that the Colonel had a working farm. Was it his by inheritance? He planned to ask if the subject came up. A few hundred feet to the rear of the barn was a crumbled shell of a structure that Tony guessed had once been the slave quarters. All that was left of it was a mass of brown and gray broken wood covered with thick vines and trees. Tony wanted to check it out but Natasha pulled him back to the front of the house.
***
When they got to the door, the Colonel answered after a quite a few knocks. Tony was ready to give up and leave but Tasha insisted on waiting. The Colonel finally answered wearing denim overalls. Tony had never seen him out of uniform and it took him a moment to get used to it. The Colonel looked so…old, Tony thought. Brandywine was alone so Natasha naturally wanted to turn their five minute visit into an all day excursion. She knew of his wife’s death and apparently he had no other family. This of course, triggered her need to care for him. Within the hour, she and the Colonel were leaving to go buy some groceries to make a Christmas dinner. Instant noodles and double dipped chocolate ice cream apparently wasn’t enough for her to prepare a festive dinner. Tony knew that only one store was open that morning at it was nearly twenty minutes away. He opted to stay at the house because he thought of shopping with a Colonel in overalls was just too weird. With Natasha, Tony saw a side of Brandywine he had never seen before. The Colonel was laughing and joking with her like she was his daughter. It made Tony feel good but it was still weird. Kind of like when you see an old attack dog playing with a kitten. It made him nervous wondering how long it’ll be before the old dog gobbles up the kitten.
***
Tony sat and turned on the television. Christmas Parades filled every channel but he never really liked parades. He just sat there and looked around. On the mantle above the fire place, he saw an old picture of the Colonel and his wife with a small child sitting on his lap. Looking at it more closely, he guessed the picture to be from the mid-sixties. The Colonel has a son? He never mentioned a son but, then again, he never talked about his personal life at all. He sat the picture back and was returning to his seat when he spied the corner of a book peeking out from under the sofa. It appeared as if the Colonel had shoved it under there abruptly, not taking the time to put it where he usually kept it. Tony pulled it out and discovered it was a photo album containing his wedding photos and twenty years of happy family snapshots. The wedding pictures were dated on June 12, 1954. The pictures of his wife in the hospital with their new baby were dated July 4, 1960. Independence Day! 
‘I’ll bet the Colonel planned it that way,’ Tony thought.
“We can’t wait anymore, woman! It has to be today! Push that kid out now! Push! Push! Push! You call yourself a Marine’s wife? My grandmother could push harder than that and she’s been dead for thirty years!” he imagined the Colonel barking to motivate his wife.
Flipping deeper into the album, Tony saw all the happy times that one would expect: holiday getaways, family picnics, afternoons on the ‘Slip and Slide’ in the back yard. The parents got older and the boy grew tall and strong…then nothing! He flipped page after blank page until he reached the end. Two photos were centered one above the other. A coffin with a teenage boy in it was at top and a coffin with his wife was below it. Neither was dated. Tony ran his fingers over the page on the off chance he would see any images like he had with Captain Johnston but nothing happened. But on his fingertips, he felt moisture. ‘Had the Colonel been looking at this and weeping before we arrived?’ Tony asked himself. It sure didn’t sound like the Colonel but, as he had said to himself before, he really didn’t know the Colonel all that well. Natasha’s instinct to stay with him was right on the money. He needed ‘family’ on Christmas. Tony didn’t mind anymore either. He just had to remind himself not to act any differently than he normally would. He doubted the Colonel wanted pity. That was probably why he never talked about it to anyone.
Tony’s curiosity got the better of him and he headed upstairs to investigate more. The entire floor, with the exception of the Colonels room, felt like a mausoleum. One room was devoted to his wife’s memory. A thin layer of dust covered every surface but it was evident that it was a fresh layer. Someone must be dusting it periodically, perhaps on special occasions like birthdays or anniversaries. Pictures of her in various stages of her life hung from the walls. A sewing machine and needlework patterns littered a table in the corner, looking as if someone would return to finish the nearly completed embroidery. A four post bed covered in floral blankets stood as a center piece of the room accenting the feeling of vacancy that permeated the scene.
In the Colonel’s son’s room, Tony found it much the same. Ship and aircraft models as well as Super Friends action figures filled the shelves of the wall sized bookcase. Unfinished homework lay messily on the dusty desk that had apparently been used more as a work bench for building the models. Grey and green paint and dried glue hid the mahogany wood surface below. Tony accidentally kicked a pair of dirty tennis shoes sticking out from under the bed. He didn’t want the Colonel to notice so he bent down to put them back as they were. While he was on one knee, he lifted the mattress up to see if any dirty magazines were there. There wasn’t any. ‘No girlie books? He was either not the average teenage boy or stashed them somewhere else. 'Under the mattress isn’t the best place I suppose,' Tony thought. Tony looked for but found no evidence of what caused the young lads death. From the looks of the room, he would just have assumed the boy was out in the yard playing and would be back any moment. Tony was thoroughly depressed now and needed to leave. How could Brandywine live with these memories right in front of him all the time? He had to choose to live with this sadness. But why?
Tony began his descent down the hall and the spiral stairway stopping only briefly to look out over the banister into the broad floor space below. Something wasn’t right. The space was wrong. The living room appeared too small. Tony expected there to be an enclosed vacant space under the stairs but it seemed that that space extended well into the adjacent room. When he reached the bottom of the stairs, he looked to his left into that room. He saw that the walls separating the two rooms were nearly six feet wide. He wondered how he hadn’t noticed it before. Something about the way it was built camouflaged it from a cursory glance. Tony walked all along the wall and back around the base of the staircase but could find no crawlspace or entrance. No obvious levers or hidden triggers magically opened any hidden door but he kept looking. Maybe it was nothing, just an empty space sealed up over a century ago. Just as he had begun to lose interest, he realized that the whole building could be honeycombed with spaces between the walls. An entrance wouldn’t necessarily have to be at this spot. He began measuring the rooms using his feet as about ten inches and making mental notes of the differences between floor spaces. As he was about to do an extensive search for a crawl space or some type of entrance, he heard Natasha and the Colonel entering the kitchen at the back of the house. In his zest, he had forgotten about them all together.
“Tony, where are you? We need help with the groceries,” Natasha sounded out as she came into the kitchen from the back with two full bags in her arms. Brandywine was loaded down as well. A large turkey was nestled in one arm and a gigantic ham in the other. 
‘Great, we’ll be here for at least eight hours,’ Tony thought.
Walking down the enclosed walkway from the house to the kitchen, Tony replied, “There’s more? Y’all must have been pretty hungry while you were shopping!” They jabbered something that Tony didn’t understand so he headed out and gathered the remaining food. When he returned to the kitchen, he was caught off guard by the way Tasha and Brandywine was chatting and laughing. Tony just smiled. Leave it to Tasha to soften up the old goat and turn him into a cuddly puppy. They started cooking right away and Tony was glad that he wasn’t asked to do anything. If she liked his fish, she would really get turned on over his turkey stuffing, pineapple ham, and deviled eggs. Tony did help a little but stayed out of the way as much as he could.
When everything was started, they all went into the living room and sat. Tasha and Brandywine talked and joked while Tony sat there quietly. When Tasha got up to go check on something in the kitchen, Tony took the opportunity to ask Brandywine about the history of the house.
“It’s a historical landmark and has been in my wife’s family since the 1850’s. The Grant’s…that’s her maiden name…owned seventy five thousand acres here at one time but farmed only a small part of that. They were abolitionists before the war and it was rumored that they helped smuggle escaped slaves to the North. I don’t know whether that’s true or not, though. They would have had to have been pretty good at it. At that time, if they had been caught they would have lost the plantation and their lives too,” the Colonel told him.
“A plantation this size would need a lot of field hands. They didn’t have slaves?” Tony asked.
“No, they bought slaves then gave them their freedom. They could stay and work for wages or leave. Paying wages to black’s in these parts was illegal then; as was educating them which the Grant’s did also. During the war, Grant’s army took control of this side of the river pretty quickly. This was one of the few plantations left standing. Beverly’s family always thought it was because of the name. They may have been related to General Grant but, for some reason, no one ever researched it to find out. They were abolitionists but still were Southerners. A Southerner being related to Ulysses S. Grant had a bit of stigma attached to it, I suppose. He used this plantation as one of his headquarters in the early part of the war. It’s said that he slept in the room that my son used because it had a view to the East and he wanted to face the enemy.” Brandywine paused and looked at Tony oddly. “Knowing you, you’ve already been up there and have figured out most of the details about my wife and son.”
“Yes, sir. I found a photo album sticking out from beneath the couch and it peeked my interest. Sorry if I invaded your privacy, sir. It was a bit of a mystery and I guess I investigated without realizing what I was doing.”
“It’s alright, Tony. I knew you would when I left. It’s your nature to be curious. That isn’t always a bad thing. I don’t mind, really. Did you answer all your questions?”
Tony froze. He did not want to bring up the subject of his son’s death but he was curious about what happened. Still, he chose not to ask. “Yes, sir!” he said unconvincingly.
Colonel Brandywine looked at him intensely as if reading him. “He was shot and killed one day walking home from school. No one really knows what happened. His body was found in an alley alongside a girl about his age. She had been murdered too. Knowing my boy, he probably saw her being molested or something and ran to her rescue. My wife was devastated and never really recovered from it. She started getting sick after that and died of breast cancer four years ago; ten years to the day of Samuel's death.” Brandywine was looking down at the table now and seemed lost in his memories.
“You don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to, sir.”
Brandywine looked up and said simply, “Well, obviously I do want to talk about it, Tony. Do you think I’m so senile that I would have left you in my house if I didn’t want you to know? I knew exactly what you would do. It’s exactly what my son would have done,” Brandywine let that last sentence hang in the air long enough for Tony to take meaning from it. ‘Is the Colonel comparing me to his son?’ Tony thought. ‘Does he think of me as his son reincarnate? That’s what he meant before, when I asked him why he approved the training program. He said it was to keep me from getting myself killed…like his son did. No, that’s crazy. But it does explain why he lets me get away with stuff that he would flog his other agents for.’ Tony was ripped from his thoughts as Brandywine continued and told him about the loss of his wife. Natasha had walked back in and was listening intently. He started over and told her about his son. Sitting beside him, she ran her palm up and down his back to console him. Natasha was nearly crying and Tony felt sorry for both of them. It was all he could do to keep from letting any jokes or sly remarks slip out. He didn’t take the conversation lightly but it was just this type of emotional situation that brought his ‘humor’ to the forefront. His only weapon against it was total and absolute silence. He was sure that both Tasha and the Colonel knew how hard it was for him and appreciated his restraint.
By the time the Colonel finished, Natasha had her arms around him and her face was wet with tears. Tony saw the Colonel choke up once or twice but was doing a remarkable job of keeping his composure. Tony was thinking about the spaces between the walls. When Natasha said something to the Colonel that made him laugh, Tony thought it was a perfect opportunity to change the subject. “Not meaning to change the subject but I would like to change the subject,” Tony said as both Natasha and Brandywine looked at him smiling.
“Go ahead, Tony! We know how much you hate this emotional stuff,” Tasha replied without reproach.
“Yeah, go ahead. I’ve had enough emotional self-indulgence myself. I never talked to anyone about it. It’s a bit of a relief,” Brandywine said with a slight smile as he patted Natasha’s knee.
“Colonel, I’m guessing this house has a footprint of about ten thousand square feet. The interior floors only measures only about nine thousand, seven hundred square feet. Figuring the number of walls that you have and the width of a normal wall; you should have nine thousand, nine hundred, and twenty square feet of available floor space. That’s a difference of two hundred and twenty square feet. And that’s just on the ground level,” Tony said and waited for a response.
“You’re point being?” Brandywine said not really knowing what Tony was getting at.
“You have abnormally large spaces between the walls. I’ve found two that were obvious.”
“I’m still not following you.”
Natasha saw the anticipation in his eyes. “Oh my God! He’s looking for tunnels again,” she said and rolled her eyes.
Tony smiled at her and continued, “You said yourself that this house may have been used to smuggle slaves to the North. It could have been a major stop on the Underground Railroad that funneled hundreds, maybe thousands of slaves north. Have you ever noticed any small doors or anything that was out of place or sealed up?”
Brandywine stood and started looking around at the walls. “No, but Samuel always spent a lot of time knocking on walls and spent a lot of time in the cellar. But it’s under the kitchen and not part of the house. Never would tell me or his mother what he was doing.”
“Do you mind if I see the cellar?”
“Sure,” Brandywine said as he stood and started walking to the kitchen. Tony sensed that he was a little excited about the hunt. Maybe he was a little excited about being part of his sons’ secret life in some small way. Samuel had excluded him from his adventures but now Tony was inviting him to be a part of it. “Are you coming, Sandy?” the Colonel asked.
“I have seen enough tunnels to last a lifetime. I have some cooking to do.” Tasha said knowing that Tony really wanted her to come along. She wanted to but she wanted not to more.
***
Brandywine took him through the kitchen and outside to a double door hatch that led down under the kitchen. Steps sculpted from the hard clay led down fifteen feet to a dingy, cool room approximately the same size as the kitchen. The overwhelming smell of damp dirt and the earthy odor of mushrooms inundated the air. “I forgot the lantern,” the Colonel said and went back into the house. When he returned, he found Tony feeling his way across the back wall in the direction of the house. Brandywine walked up behind him and was looking where Tony was looking. Large, empty, wooden shelves ran the length of the entire wall. “Tony, look at this!” On the dirt floor below the shelves were footprints on top of footprints. That wasn’t unusual but in the center of the shelves, the footprints had been swept away. Tony looked closer and saw a faint semicircular imprint in the hard dirt as if a door had swung open.
“It looks like this shelf is a doorway. Samuel did find the entrance. He must have swept it clean after he came back out to hide the access. Smart kid,” Tony said. “But how does it open?” He began to tug on the rough, splintered wood. “Is it that simple? I was hoping for a secret lever, or to say ‘Open Sesame,’ or something,” he remarked as a three foot section in the center of the wall opened up. Tony looked back at Brandywine and smiled. He was smiling too. Tony took the lantern and started into the tunnel with Brandywine close behind. The shaft was cut out of hard, red clay and extended for forty or fifty feet. It abruptly ended at an old splintered ladder going straight up. Tony judged they were directly under the spiral staircase. At the top of the ladder, a hatch covered the access. Flashbacks of the old shaft at the bar that entered his office raced through his head. He opened it and held the lantern well above him. Quickly, he made his way through the opening. “We’re under the stairs,” he told Brandywine. As he climbed up, he saw shadows in the corner but didn’t pay them any attention. Once fully standing, he saw the shadows take shape. A group of people were huddled in the corner and nearly scared the crap out of him. From the corner twenty feet away, a brawny black man, a women and two children looked up at him with absolute terror in their eyes. When Tony’s heart rate slowed a little, he spoke saying, “Don’t be afraid. I won’t hurt you.” He squatted to seem less imposing. “Can you see me?” he asked.
The woman and children hid their faces but the man looked at him in confusion. In an oddly British accent, he said, “Yes, we can see you. Are you…”
“Did you say something?” Brandywine asked as he poked his head through the hatch.
Tony looked back to the corner but the runaway family was gone. He strangely felt a sense of loss. ‘It would have been nice to talk to them,’ he thought. “I was just talking to myself. It looks like the passages head two different directions from here,” he said as he looked down at the floor and handed Brandywine the light. There were many footprints on the dusty, hardwood floor but all were boots or bare feet except Samuel’s. Tennis shoe prints headed to both tunnels but one was traveled much more than the other. 
“Let’s go this way. It’s the wall I first noticed between the stairs and the parlor. It looks like Samuel went this way more than the other. May be something of interest that way,” he said and pointed to tunnel to his left. He turned and saw the Colonel bending down to touch Samuel’s footprint. Tony waited for him to touch his son and stand again before continuing.
Little shafts of light pierce through the darkness coming from pin holes and cracks in the wall of the parlor. About half way down the wall, he had to squeeze past the back of the fireplace as he pushed cobwebs away from his face. Beyond that, he found five boards nailed to the struts forming a ladder. When he stepped up on them, he found a hole in the wall and what appeared to be the back of a canvas. When Brandywine squeezed past the chimney, light flooded the space. There was a piece of stray canvas stuck to the back of the painting so, naturally, Tony grabbed it and pulled. Two eye sized holes appeared looking into the living room. Tony looked at the piece of canvas that he had pulled out and an eerie set of eyes stared back. “We’re behind that old portrait of the two southern belles sitting at the piano. The woman’s eyes come out and we can look into the room. This is so cool. I thought they only made this stuff up for the movies.” He whispered to the Colonel. Why he was whispering, he really didn’t know. “Sandy’s sitting on the sofa looking at your photo album. Make some kind of scary ghost noise. She’ll recognize my voice but not yours.”
“I am not going to scare that poor child!”
“Come on. Do it! It’ll be fun. Trust me!”
Brandywine wavered a bit but eventually started making noises that slowly became louder. “Ooooo, Oooooo, I’m a ghoooost! Oooooo.”
“That’s it! That’s your scary voice? That’s how you always sound! And what ghost introduces himself as a ghost?” Tony asked trying not to laugh too loud.
“I have a naturally scary voice. What can I say?” he responded laughing out loud.
Tony looked back to Tasha and saw she was looking around more intensely. Tony could see she was at the back of the album looking a Samuel and Beverly in their caskets. “Perfect,” he muttered. She wasn’t scared but did seem tense. “Do that again. Laugh louder!” he told the colonel. He did and Tasha started to actually seem unnerved. “Come up here and take a look,” Tony said and stepped down the ladder.
Brandywine stuck his eyes into the portrait and continued laughing louder and louder. “You do it now,” he ordered Tony.
Tony let out a Comanche war cry that he had heard in a John Wayne movie that made the Colonel jump and nearly loose his footing. Brandywine said she jumped too but a split second later they heard her say, “Tony? Where are you? Behind the wall? You found your tunnel, I see!”
“Busted! I told you she would recognize my voice. I don’t care how I try to disguise it, she knows it’s me,” he told the Colonel. “Sandy, look up at the portrait of the two women at the piano. Colonel, stick your fingers through the eyes.” “We’ll be out in a bit, baby doll!”
They moved on down the narrow passage until they came to another ladder. At the top, the passage split in two more directions. Tony looked at his pocket compass and took the north passage. Samuel’s footprints still littered the deck in both directions.
“Why this way?” Brandywine asked.
“It should pass by Samuel’s room. I’m guessing he found or made an entrance to his room. It’s what I would have done,” he answered. Every room had a hidden doorway that had been sealed. Every room they passed had some way to look into it; usually through a picture permanently mounted to the wall. Fifty feet later, Tony found the entrance to Samuel’s room. A plaster panel pulled out and gave way to the bottom of his closet. The Colonel went first with Tony’s face at his rear end. ‘Brown nosing definitely isn’t my thing,’ he thought. They passed through the cramped space and emerged into the mausoleum/time capsule. Tony saw the bed first thing as he looked up from his crouched position.
“Wait a minute,” he suddenly said and disappeared back into the hole. He looked around using the little bit of light that filtered through the closet and found several niches between the back wall of the closet and the inside wall of the passageway. Reaching into each of them, he pulled out half a dozen girlie magazines and nine thick composition books covered in cobwebs and dust. Crawling back through the closet, he stood facing Brandywine once again.
“It occurred to me that an average teen boy would have a stash somewhere. That’s where I would have hid them. I’m guessing that these were yours at one time,” he said as he smiled and handed over the magazines. The Colonel smiled slightly and raised an eyebrow. Tony looked at the books that he had found and opened one. Reverently, he handed the whole stack to Samuel’s father.
“Sir…Merry Christmas!” Brandywine opened the top book and his eyes went wide. Looking back at Tony, his eyes started watering. They were Samuel’s journals.
***
Back downstairs, they were confronted by Natasha and rushed outside to clean off the cobwebs and dust. “Look at you, Vince! An hour with Tony and you turn into a twelve year old. I’m surprised at you!” Natasha scolded him.
“I found my son upstairs and now I hear my wife downstairs. This is the best Christmas I’ve had in a long time,” Brandywine said as he put an arm around her.
“Vince?” Tony asked. “We’re on a first name basis with the Colonel now? Cool,” he said removing his shirt and hitting it against the porch banister. “Vince, how about a Scotch and a Cuban before dinner?” Tony said turning to Brandywine. The Colonel just looked at him and waited for him to amend his sentence. “You’re kidding! She gets to call you Vince and I don’t? How fair is that?”
“She’s not fifty fathoms below me in rank and can call me whatever the hell she wants. You, however…oh hell, I don’t care. Call me Vince but not at the office,” Vince said resignedly.
“Vince…Vince. No, it just doesn’t feel right. Try another name. How about Paul? No! Dusty! Dusty would be a great name for you.”
“Okay, you just lost your privileges. It’s Colonel to you!”
Natasha had everything ready to start cooking but it would still be a while before the bird and pig were ready. They retired to the breezeway on the second deck with a bottle of the Scotch and Cuban cigars that Tony had brought back to the Colonel. They had attempted to relax on the lower level but, even though it was late December, the gnats were incredibly thick and annoying. The cool, steady wind blowing in over the fallow fields swept them away from the second level porch. The really cold weather hadn’t got that far south yet and it felt like a pleasant day in autumn. Tasha didn’t talk a lot but listened intently. Mostly, the Colonel and Tony did all the talking and it was mainly about the house. Tony couldn’t get enough information about the history of it and felt the energy and the ‘ghosts’ of the old building vibrating through his bones. “You know, General Grant wasn’t too successful with his initial campaigns against Memphis. I wonder, while he was headquartered here, if any confederate spies used those secret passages to gather intelligence on his invasion plans. Maybe the Grant family themselves were spying on him. I wonder if they had to vacate while he was here. Probably not. He was coarse and crude but still was a gentleman. The way he treated General Lee at the surrender at Appomattox attested to that.” He looked out over the fallow fields and watched as it turned to fertile fields full of corn and cotton. Free black men worked the fields, sweating in uneven rows of bent backs. ‘Funny, they don’t look free,’ he thought. Relatively well dressed black women and children carried water and food out to an old eight foot wooden table near the house. A dinner bell sounded. The bent backs slowly and painfully straightened; making their long journey in from the fields.
“I should check on dinner,” Natasha said. The bent backs vanished and fallow fields reappeared. Both the Colonel and Tony stood as she got up then sat down again after she walked away.
“Tony, I want to thank you for today and for finding those journals. You’ve given me something that I couldn’t begin to explain,” Brandywine said becoming solemn. He leaned his head back and looked at the porch roof but Tony could tell he was looking into the past. “I wish Beverly could read them.”
“I imagine she’s with him now, sir. He’s telling her what’s in them as they look down at you smiling. Or maybe she’ll just wait until your reading them and peek over your shoulder.”
Still staring into the past, Brandywine nodded his head and said “Maybe.”
***
Dinner was served in an ornate, palatial dining room with an enormous crystal chandelier hanging from the sixteen foot ceiling. The orange light from two candelabras washed over the freshly polished, twelve foot mahogany table giving it the aspect of glowing orange. Brandywine, now clad in his dress uniform, took his place at one end and Natasha at the other. Tony sat between facing the eight foot windows and the darkness outside. His reflection was all that he could see. It felt a bit weird to him, though. There was too much space between him, Tasha, and the Colonel and it felt pretentious in a manner. But still the dinner was pleasant and the conversation enjoyable. Tony realized another thing that felt weird. Natasha was in Beverly’s seat and he was where Samuel most likely sat. It was a scene from some macabre fantasy of the Colonel’s but Tony didn’t mind. The Colonel was certainly due a certain amount of respite from his personal, self-imposed torture. Tony vaguely remembered seeing a scene like this in a painting somewhere. It was certainly surreal enough to be a fantasy.
***
Tony and Tasha left soon after dinner; leaving the Colonel sitting by the fireplace, his hand on Samuel’s journals on the table beside him. “Tony, Report to me on the third of January. I’ll brief you on Coronado. Miss Duvall, it has been a real pleasure having your company today. Please, visit anytime you wish,” he said and kissed her hand. He paused for a moment and looked at them with a sincerely happy smile. “Thank you both. This has been the best Christmas that I’ve had in a long time.”
“It was fun for us too, Colonel,” Tony said as Natasha walked back over to Brandywine. She gave him a long embrace and kissed him lovingly on the cheek. “Take care, Vince. I will be back. Merry Christmas!”


Chapter 16: Starsky and Hutch
***
On January 3rd, 1988; Tony reported to Colonel Brandywine’s office to get his orders. “Tony, I have bad news. I didn’t have enough pull to get you into the SEAL program. Even my request to send you as an observer was denied. Seal enlistment is very strict in its requirements and I’m afraid you didn’t meet them. It wasn’t realistic anyway. Training is not three months but thirty months from beginning to end and it’s not for novices. Once you’re a SEAL, you’re always a SEAL. I would never get you back and I doubt that you’d want to come back. I have, however, retained the services of an old friend in Pensacola, Florida. He’s a retired Seal and will coach you in the basic skills and training that they go through. It isn’t much but you will have the opportunity to learn if you work hard and pay attention. What you get out of it is totally up to you,” Colonel Brandywine told Tony as they sat in NIS headquarters. “You will not be able to come home every weekend like originally planned. My friend required a certain amount of commitment from you if he were to do this.”
“Thank you, sir,” Tony replied softly.
“You leave in two days. I rewrote your travel and posting orders with you as an Ensign. You’ll need to amend your ID and chits and go by the commissary and get the appropriate uniforms and accessories. Being an Officer will make things easier for you in ways that you can’t imagine. Mostly, I want you to learn and not be encumbered with the usual NonCom bullshit. You have two days before you shove off so you have plenty of time to get things in order.”
“Thank you sir,” Tony said disappointed about the SEAL school but excited about legally being able to pretend he was an Officer.
Brandywine paused and became suddenly solemn. “There’s something I want your help with, Tony.”
“Name it!”
“I want you to investigate Samuel’s murder,” he said as Tony stared at him in disbelief. Brandywine reached into his desk and pulled out one of the journals that Tony had found the previous week. Sliding it across the table, he continued by saying, “I believe you have a contact at the Memphis Police Department. I need you to get some information for me. Read the last entry.”
Tony pulled the journal to him and picked it up as if it were sacred. On the faded lime green cover was written 1974 in bold calligraphy. He turned to the last written page and began reading:
***
March 5: I have to help Melinda. Some guy she calls Digger is blackmailing her and making her have sex with him and his friends and using her to mule drugs. She won’t tell me what he has on her but it’s enough to make her do what he wants. Yesterday, I saw needle marks on her arm. She had never wanted to do drugs before so I have to assume she’s being forced. She may already be addicted. Tomorrow, I plan to follow her and see if I can get more information. Maybe I can help her. I wanted to ask my dad for help but Melinda made me swear that I wouldn’t. I really don’t have any idea what I can do but I have to do something.
***
Tony looked up and the Colonel spoke again saying, “Melinda Jantz was the girl found murdered with Samuel. I want you to see what you can find out about this Digger character.”
“And if I find him?”
“Bring him in for interrogation. I realize there’s a jurisdictional problem but bring him in anyway. We may be able to get a confession or at least get more information,” he answered sounding as if all the energy was drained from him. “It’s a cold case but this ‘Digger’ may still be around, or someone may know something about him. I have a copy of the case file here but I don’t believe it’s complete. You can try to get the official file and see if there’s anything that’s not in my file. If you can’t find anything from the police, check with your underworld contacts and see what you can find out. I assume you still have those contacts?” he asked and paused for a response.
“Yes, sir,”
“I don’t have to tell you what this means to me. I would like to see justice done. I want to see my son’s murderer behind bars if he isn’t already there. If he is already incarcerated, I want him prosecuted for Samuel and Melinda’s murder and never see the outside of a prison.”
“Are you alright, Colonel?” Tony asked sensing something different about him. Tony had expected him to be exactly as he always was in the office, coarse and ‘by the book’. Something was definitely different. However. His facial expressions seemed less robotic and much more animated as if he were no longer a machine. He was human. Tony had discovered that the Colonel was not purely a military robot from his adventure Christmas Day but hadn’t expected it to transpose into his official duties. ‘Perhaps Samuel’s journals had freed him somehow,’ he thought. ‘Maybe he was no longer trapped in his self-imposed hell.’ Tony inadvertently smiled.
Brandywine exhaled deeply and reclined back into his chair. After a few seconds of reflection, he quietly said, “I’m fine, Tony. I guess finally knowing a little bit about what happened makes me feel less helpless. I can do something now. It’s a bit of a relief but still…” He paused briefly and took in another deep breath. “I can’t change what happened but I can make ‘Digger’ pay for it if he is responsible. That’s all, Tony. I know you want to spend your time with Sandy right now and that’s okay. Just do what you can when you can. I’ve lived with it for a long time. It can wait a little longer.”
“Aye Aye, sir! I’ll see what I can find out,” Tony turned around and walked away. He wasn’t really sure how he felt. He was honored that Brandywine had wanted him to investigate but wasn’t real sure if the Colonel really should hear the details of his son’s murder. How could anything that he found out be anything less than horribly painful to the Colonel? Of course, Tony knew the Colonel could handle it, since he had been living in pain for over a decade. But Tony still was worried. Hopefully, Brandywine just wanted closure.
***
“Hi Jenny. A cop at a donut shop…how unusual,” Tony said as he sat down in a booth with Lieutenant Jenny Riley. Riley had been with the Memphis Police Department for less than five years. Her phenomenal rise through the ranks at MPD had fueled more than its share of scandalous rumors but she didn’t care. She knew it was through hard work laced with a touch of luck. A little over a year before, she had been instrumental in Tony’s first investigation in the Memphis underworld. She had supplied him names of suspected drug dealers and access to the confidential informants for the police as well as a few other fringe benefits.
“Hi, Tony. It’s been a long time. You’re looking good,” she said as she pushed a pair of donuts toward him. “I ordered for you. Would you like some coffee? I get it free.”
“No thanks. I don’t like coffee. You made Lieutenant. Congratulations! Did you get the file I asked for?” he asked wanting to put the focus on work. Before Natasha, he had fooled around with Jenny but nothing ever came of it. Probably because she was already married and to a cop no less. Back then, Tony had no problem fooling around with married women but when their husbands carried a gun and was legally allowed to use it, it took some of the joy out of the relationship. It did make it more exciting, though.
“What…no idle chit chat or pleasantries? I haven’t seen you in over a year and all I get is a cold case?” she said laughing at her own obscure pun as she leaned in and kissed his cheek.
Tony smiled at her. She was not all that different from Natasha physically except for noticeably wider hips. She was incredibly cute and had a personality to match. Holding up his left hand, he wiggled his ring finger but said nothing. Jenny held up her left hand, raised both eyebrows, wiggled her ring finger, and gave a broad smile.
“But I’m in love,” Tony said stressing the word ‘I’m.’
“She must be one hell of a girl. I never thought I’d hear you say those words. Anyway, I have a few friends in West Memphis. We shouldn’t have a whole lot of trouble getting access. You do realize that West Memphis is a totally different police department, don’t you? It’s a different city in a different state. I can’t get things as easily as I can here. Why the interest in this case?”
“The victim was my Commanding Officer’s son. Some new information has recently surfaced. Can you take me over and look at mug shots with names and known alias’s from that time period. I have a name. It’s probably an alias but it’s all I have to go on. Maybe I can talk to this Sergeant Flaherty,” he said reading the name of the Investigating Officer from the file that the Colonel gave him.
Jenny looked and the signature and said, “Sure, we can go across the river after while if you want. Flaherty’s the name of the Chief of Police in West Memphis now. It may be the same guy. We can try to see him but I doubt we’ll be able to without an appointment. I know someone else that might be of some help. First, I want to hear all about this woman that snagged the mighty Tony Russo.”
“I’m using the name Vito Mazzi now,” he replied.
“What is it with you and Italian names? Mazzi? That’s an unusual name.”
“Yeah, me and my fiance were watching The Godfather and eating pizza one night and it came to me,” he left further explanation unsaid for the moment.
“Not making the connection, Tony…I mean Vito. Vito? Vito Corleone?”
“Yep! And the mozzarella on the pizza gave me a last name.”
“So you took the name of a fictional mafia don and a pizza topping. Way too clever, Tony,” she said sarcastically.
“I like it! Marlon Brando and cheese, it sounds cool and delicious at the same time. That’s me…cool and delicious.”
They talked for about an hour as Tony ate a half dozen French crullers and Jenny put away nearly four cups of coffee. Tony told her what he could about ‘Sandy’. Jenny told him of the continuing saga of her disastrous marriage.
***
Lieutenant Riley and Tony walked into the headquarters of the West Memphis Police Department and immediately sought out Chief Flaherty. They decided to take the long shot and try to see him before she went through her friends. If he was the same Flaherty that investigated the murders then he would be much more informative. They approached a uniformed policeman sitting behind a large bar like desk high above the floor. “I’m Lieutenant Riley with MPD and this is Petty Officer Mazzi with NIS. Is it possible to get an audience with Chief Flaherty?”
“If you could tell him it’s regarding a fifteen year old cold case…double juvenile homicide. Victims name were Samuel Brandywine and Melinda Jantz,” Tony injected quickly. He gambled that the name would be remembered by Flaherty if this was in fact the same guy. Brandywine is an easily remembered name and Tony was sure the Colonel had forced himself into the investigation, enough at least to make a nuisance of himself.
The desk jockey picked up the phone and relayed the information into the adjacent office. Tony was looking around and noticed how similar this headquarters was to the NIS headquarters. Everything was exactly the same except the desk, the color of the paint on the walls, and the absence of a totally hot blonde behind the desk. “He said to come on in,” the desk cop told them with surprise in his voice. “His office is right through that door.”
Jenny and Tony walked in and Jenny introduced themselves again as hands were shook. The Chief was a stocky fellow with high cheek bones and completely outdated handlebar mustache. Tony hadn’t seen anyone from this day and age ever sport one but it seemed to suit his face well enough. His Irish heritage was evident with his thinning red hair and pale, rosy skin. He seemed a jolly old soul and Tony’s thoughts immediately turned to Santa Clause. ‘That’s why Christmas’s aren’t as fun as they used to be,’ he thought. ‘Santa’s busy fighting crime in Arkansas.’
“What’s this about Lieutenant?” Chief Flaherty asked as he motioned them to be seated. Jenny extended her upward turned hand to Tony. He took his cue and explained about the case and Samuel’s newly found journal. The Chief just sat and listened while nodding his head. His eyes weren’t focused on anything in particular. It was as if he was looking back into his own memories. Tony knew they had the right guy.
When Tony finished, Chief Flaherty responded saying “I remember that case well. Major Brandywine…he was a Major back then…was a pain in the ass but understandably so. He was just another NIS agent. It’s good that he heads it up now. He is a good cop. The problem that we had with the case was there were no clues, no leads of any kind, no evidence, no witnesses, no motives…nothing! What did you say the name was in the journal?”
“Digger, sir,” Tony answered.
Flaherty thought for a moment they began speaking again saying, “There was a small time thug named Drigger that was around back then. I don’t remember anyone called Digger, though. Unfortunately, all information that we have from that time is in the archives next door. Very little has been entered into the computer system so it may take some time to research either name. You’re welcome to try, though. I’ve got some time. I’ll walk y’all down there. I have a personal interest in this. Two children gunned down in the street in cold blood. It still bothers me.” He stood and pulled his jacket from the back of his leather chair and headed for the door. Tony and Jenny followed. On the way out, he stopped and told the desk clerk to call Alex Dougherty and have him come to the archive building. “Dougherty was my partner on that case. He was a little more involved with the criminal element of this town than I was. He may remember Digger or Drigger or whoever he was,” Flaherty told them as they continued out the door.
***
“This is impossible,” Jenny said as she went through her ninth box of files. “Why don’t y’all just put all this stuff on microfiche, Chief? It wouldn’t make it any easier to locate a solitary name but at least you could sit at a desk while you looked.”
“Well, Officer Riley, we don’t exactly have the money that y’all big city folk have. Can’t make all those new-fangled gizmos with corn silk and alfalfa sprouts,” snickered the Chief, trying successfully to sound like a country buffoon.
“Well, I don’t believe it! I never thought I’d see you on the floor doing grunt work. I thought I’d find you sitting your fat ass behind a desk with a pint of stout in your hand, Flaherty. Did the taxpayers finally wise up and give you the boot?” Daugherty said as he strode into the dimly lit warehouse. Standing about six foot two, he towered over the group crouched on the dusty floor. To Tony, he looked like a really tall leprechaun with fat rosy cheeks and a paunch that would make a pregnant woman shake her head in pitiful disbelief.
“Just helping these good folks out with a problem. How are you, Daugherty? It’s been a long time,” the Chief said as he floundered around the floor trying to stand.
“How do you do?” Daugherty said extending his hand to Tony and Jenny.
“This is Lieutenant Riley with MPD and that’s Petty Officer Mazzi with NIS. They’re here about the murder of those two teens in ‘74’. It seems the boy’s father is now the head of Memphis NIS and came across the boy’s journal recently. All they have is a name but I knew if anyone could help, it would be you.” Flaherty turned and began speaking to Tony and Jenny saying “Y’all might not believe it but in our day we were a regular Starsky and Hutch. Drove a ‘65’ Mustang though, not a Grand Torino. But it was the same tomato red color with the white stripe. There wasn’t really all that much happening on this side of the river, though. All the fun crime was on your side and out of our jurisdiction.”
“Stop your rambling, you old goat and tell me the name,” Daugherty said slapping him on the back.
“Oh yeah! It’s either Digger or Drigger. The boy wrote Digger but I don’t remember anyone by that name.”
Daugherty looked up at the ceiling and thought for a few moments. He snapped his finger and said, “I remember! You must be getting senile, my old friend. We put Randy…no, Robbie Drigger away for drug dealing and rape back in…‘79’, I think. Digger and Drigger is the same person. I really don’t know why his street alias was almost identical to his name. He wasn’t too imaginative, I guess. Check the files for April or May of ‘79’. His arrest should be about that time. You remember don’t you, Flaherty? We testified at his trial. His conviction and sentencing was some months later and would probably be in the County Court Archives.”
“I remember now! He got ten years without parole. He should have got more, if you ask me. He was sent to the Arkansas State Penitentiary in Little Rock…Tucker Branch, I think.
While the two old cops bantered on, Tony picked up the original case file and started browsing through it. He was still half paying attention to the Chief and Daugherty when several crime scene Polaroid’s fell onto the floor. One was a snapshot of the dead bodies of Samuel and Melinda. Tony looked at it more closely, stood, and walked over to a nearby desk; turning on the light to get a better view. Picking up the file and searching through it, he asked, “Where are the ballistic reports?”
“There aren’t any. No bullets were ever found. Both shots were through and through and we never found the bullets lodge anywhere in the area,” Daugherty answered.
“Why?” Jenny asked Tony.
Tony ignored the question for the moment and found the autopsies for the two victims. The girl was shot below the lower left rib with the projectile piercing several major organs including the lower lobe of her lung causing respiratory distress and probably shock. Samuel’s wound was in through the left ventricle of his heart. Death was instantaneous. The bullet traveled through the front left ribs and back right ribs without hitting bone. His skull was also fractured in the back where he fell back onto the pavement. The bullet wounds in both victims traveled upwards slightly from front to back. Looking back at the photo, Tony asked, “How tall was Robbie Driggers?”
“Short. About four foot nine, I believe,’ Daugherty answered.
“Why?” Jenny asked Tony again.
“Samuel was five foot six and Melinda was five foot ten. Are the buildings at the crime scene still as they are in this picture?” Tony asked pulling out a second picture of the scene taken from ground level at the foot of the victims.
All three walked over to where Tony was seated and looked at the photo. “That building in the far background has been demolished. The abandoned office building in the foreground is still there and still unoccupied. The city has been trying to buy it to have it demolished but the owners won’t sell. They have the idea they can turn it into high priced condos or something,” Flaherty responded.
“Why?” Jenny asked again with more impatience.
“It’s just a hunch. How would you folks like to take a little road trip?”
“I can’t. I have a meeting with the mayor…,” the Chief checked his watch doing a double take, “…a half hour ago. On second thought, I guess I can go.”
“Great, I think we can find a bullet.”
***
All four went to the scene in the Chief’s car. Tony was the first out and positioned himself where the gun must have been fired. “Jenny, you’re about five ten aren’t you?” he asked.
“Yes. Why? You’d better answer me this time…Vito Mazzi,” She said with a great deal of annoyance in her voice.
“Just stay with me a moment. I’ll explain. Stand between me and that building, please,” Tony asked politely. He squatted until his head was a little less than five feet from the ground. “Okay, Jenny. Come closer. Stand directly in front of me, about a foot away. Chief, you’re about five foot six. Stand directly behind her and turn thirty degrees to your right, please” Tony pointed his index finger to where Melinda’s wound was angling it slightly upwards. Tony followed the trajectory of the bullet through her back and into the Chief’s chest until it came out his back at the same spot it did Samuel’s. Looking further on, he saw the same broken window that he saw in the photograph. Only now, all the glass panes in the window were shattered after years of abuse and neglect.
“Gentlemen, I believe you’ll find your bullet in that room right there,” Tony said pointing the direction of the window. Both men laughed.
“Don’t you think we saw the broken window fifteen years ago, Mazzi?” It’s the first place we looked. We checked every inch of the outside wall and the inside wall opposite the window and found nothing,” Flaherty said.
“Did you check the floor?” Tony asked.
“No. The shot would have to have been fired from thirty or forty feet high to have the angle to hit the floor. From here, the velocity of the shot would have put it in the wall,” Daugherty chuckled thinking Tony was an idiot.
“Not after traveling through two bodies.”
All three of Tony’s compatriot’s stood dumbfounded. Tony waited only a short while then explained. “There was only one murder. Melinda’s death was accidental. The bullet went through Melinda first, then Samuel. The autopsy said the entry wounds were indicative of a small caliber hand gun. A .38 most likely. A twenty two or twenty five wouldn’t have made it through both bodies. Anyhow, after traveling through both bodies, its velocity was diminished so much that it shattered the window instead of piercing through it. If I’m right, once the bullet was slowed even more by the window, it fell like a rock to the floor and rolled to a stop.”
“I’m lost, Ton…Vito,” Jenny said shaking her head. “Why do you think one bullet killed both of them?”
With Jenny and Flaherty still standing in position, Tony showed them how the exit wound from her back would have put it right between the ribs of the Chief’s and into the left side of his heart. Then he pulled out the photo and handed it to her. “Now look at the photo. Melinda’s white shirt is saturated in blood around the wound except for that one blackened spot towards the top of her body. Do you see it? It looks like powder burns. The small, confined pattern of the burn indicates the shooter was less than a foot away when he fired. The entry wound and trajectory suggest someone less than five feet tall fired the shot. That’s assuming that person was standing and firing from the hip. Now, look at the position of the bodies. Melinda is lying on her back on top of Samuel.”
“So,” she said.
“Tell me, what would you do if your boyfriend had just been shot? Would you run and kneel beside him to see if he were alive or would you run and get between him and the shooter after the fact?”
“I guess I would kneel down beside him,” she answered.
“Right, Melinda would have been kneeling. If she were shot afterward, she would have been lying face down on top of Samuel or at least in a position other than that which she was found. I think she saw the gun pointed at Samuel was about to be fired and jumped between him and the shooter. Whether it was in the vain hope that the shooter would stop and change his mind or to take the bullet for Samuel, I don’t know. Samuel, seeing Melinda jumping in front of him, turned slightly her direction with his left arm raised; perhaps in an instinctual effort to push her out of harm’s way. This accounts for the angle of the bullet traveling in from the left side of his sternum to the right side of his spine and why his arm wasn’t in the path of the bullet. Look at the photograph again. His arm is above his head on the pavement. If he was shot with his arm to his side and death was instantaneous then his arm would have been to his side on the pavement.
Daugherty and the Chief looked deflated. They couldn’t believe how they hadn’t seen it fifteen years ago. “Well, let’s see if we can find a bullet,” Flaherty said as he started towards the old abandoned building. Upon reaching it, he said, “It’s padlocked and private property. We’ll have to get a search warrant.”
“I’m guessing you weren’t Starsky,” Tony said as he pointed towards the car. When everyone turned to see what he was pointing at, he kicked in the door. “Looks like someone broke in here before we got here.” He walked into the building without waiting for the Chief’s reproach. He didn’t really care. Colonel Brandywine would protect him. No reproach came, only laughter from Daugherty. After fifteen minutes of searching, Jenny found an undamaged slug wedged in a niche in the splintered, hard wood floor.
“Don’t touch it! The Chief can go back and get his search warrant. It isn’t admissible in court as evidence if we find it like this. I guess y’all already know that,” Tony advised.
“I can’t believe it. We probably stepped on it when we were doing our search fifteen years ago,” Flaherty said.
“It doesn’t really do us any good without a gun to match it to,” Tony said. He knew it was an exercise in futility when he started looking for the bullet but enjoyed the hunt just the same.
“I don’t care. I’m reopening the case. I don’t remember if Drigger had a family or not. If that gun is still around, they may still have it. If we can find it and it matches the ballistic striations of the bullet, we can tie him to it. Then, we have him.
“I’ll be going to Pensacola soon. If you can keep the Colonel in the loop, it would be appreciated. He would really like it if he could have his guys interrogate Drigger at some point,” Tony said.
“He should still be in the pen. I’ll see what I can do.”
***
“You deduced all that from a single photograph?” Brandywine asked Tony as they sat in his office. Tony had told him of the morning’s investigation and of Chief Flaherty’s involvement. “You really do amaze me at times!” The Colonel was smiling as he pulled a small bottle of bourbon and a shot glass from his desk drawer. “I know it’s just past lunch but you deserve a drink.
“Well, it was actually two photos and the autopsy reports,” Tony corrected him and reached for the glass.
“You discovered more in five hours than the police did in fifteen years. Did the Chief give you any kind of time line for his renewed investigation?”
“No, sir. But he gave me this card with his home phone number on it. He said you can call him anytime and he’ll fill you in. He also said to call him about arranging your interrogation of Drigger. He’ll need those pictures and the autopsy reports back in their case file, too. They’re only on loan to us to make copies.”
Brandywine looked at the photos of his dead son and became understandably gloomy again. “They didn’t show these pictures to me before. I guess they figured they were too sensitive for the father to see. Samuel’s autopsy was given to me but not Melinda’s. I may have come to the same conclusion you did if I had had all the information. It still wouldn’t have helped until we had a name to go by,” he said solemnly.
***
Tony left Brandywine's office and gave a cursory goodbye to Lieutenant Mallory. As he reached the door, she softly said his name. “Tony?” Turning around, he saw something he had been too self-involved to notice before. She had on makeup but her mascara had been wiped away from her eyes. She, all the sudden, looked deeply troubled to him.
“Yes, Lieu…Maria,” he replied softly.
“Have you had lunch yet?” she asked. It sounded less like a question than a plea.
“No, do you want to go get something?” He had already ate twice with Jenny but Mallory’s distress had him worried.
“Sure. I’m buying. I have something I want to talk about.”
They went to the Nineteenth Hole and Mallory started towards the booth in the back corner. “Let’s sit over there by the window,” he said quickly. That corner booth was where he and Natasha had drinks the day they met. It was their booth. Tony had already had a few bourbons with the Colonel so he ordered a scotch. Maria ordered sweet tea. As they sat, Maria fumbled with the words to explain why she asked him to lunch. Tony saw how much she was struggling and thought he should force the conversation. “Is this about you and your husband’s separation?”
Maria looked at him with a mixture of surprise and confusion. “How did you know we were separated?” she said timidly.
He waited for a moment before he responded. He may be wrong and he really didn’t want to pry into her business. It would really be embarrassing if she brought him there to ask about her taxes or something. ‘Wait, how can I be wrong? She just admitted it in her question,’ he thought. He decided to tell her of his observations. 
“About five months ago, I noticed your ring had worked its way up your finger. The tan line and ring indention on your ring finger had disappeared. Your left arm was darker than the right. I assumed it was from holding your arm out the window while driving. With no tan line on your finger that meant you were taking the ring off the moment you left work. I guessed the indention would take about three or four weeks to vanish completely. You must have not been wearing your ring for at least that long. You must have been putting it on just while you were at work. My guess was you didn’t want the Colonel or anyone asking questions. That indicated you were embarrassed by it or something about it. After I returned from my island vacation, I noticed you were wearing makeup. Before that, you only wore a little lip stick. Not much but just enough to draw attention to your mouth. You wanted people to pay attention to what you said and not how you looked. When you started wearing makeup, it seemed you wanted people to pay attention to your face. You desired to be seen in a more superficial light. Why? I sensed you weren’t sure if you were attractive or not. Something had shaken you and you were smothering in self-doubt. Your composure was different, too. You seemed more vulnerable and less standoffish. After knowing me for almost two years, you wanted me to call you Maria instead of Lieutenant. It was like you were seeking friendship and approval. Before you were content with yourself as you were. Nearly, every time I saw you, you had your hair different. I assumed you were compensating for something. You wanted to feel pretty which indicated to me that something or someone had damaged your self-esteem. You had never needed outside approval before. I could only conclude that your husband had recently said or done something to instill you with self-doubt. My first thought was that he had cheated on you.”
She stared at Tony with her eyes watering then said “Why didn’t you say anything to me?”
“I wasn’t sure if I was right and it was really none of my business. You put your ring on every day to come to work so I could only assume you didn’t want anyone at the office to know.”
“Well, you were right. Darrell did cheat on me. Not once but many times. I walked in on him and a woman in our own bed. Later, my ‘friends’ told me about other girls all over the world…even prostitutes. I left him and sued for divorce but he’s contesting it. I want you to help me get evidence of his infidelity. I overheard you and the Colonel in the office earlier. I never knew you could actually investigate. I thought you just blew stuff up,” she said and gave him a feeble yet absolutely beautiful smile.
Tony gazed into her eyes and wondered how any man could cheat on this girl. Tasha was the most beautiful girl in the world to him and he couldn’t imagine ever cheating on her. Maria was perhaps more beautiful to almost everyone else and her idiot husband just threw it away. Not only did she have the physical beauty but also had a strong character and innocent, almost childlike, demeanor. She was the stereotypical, jaw dropping, perfect blonde; indisputably the type that everyone would consider completely captivating.
“Wouldn’t a private eye serve your purpose better?” Tony asked. He wanted to help her as a friend but didn’t want to get involved with a divorce case.
“I checked into that. I can’t afford a private investigator.”
Tony chuckled. “Oh, I see! I’m free. That’s why you picked me. I’m the cheapest piece of gum in the box,” he said feigning indignation.
She laughed. “No, I chose you because you’re my friend and I trust you. And…,” she paused, “…because he transferred to Pensacola.” A devious smile crossed her face.
“That does make it convenient for me but it doesn’t help you. You guys are separated now. Any infidelity that he may have now is after the fact. But I guess I could buddy up to him and see what he shares with me. Maybe I could get some names of women he…” He stopped, realizing he was thinking out loud. “Okay, I’ll see what I can do but I can’t make any promises.” Tony looked up at Maria and still saw anguish in her eyes. “You’re going to be okay, Maria!”
***
Tony returned home early that afternoon into Natasha’s opened arms. With an amorous kiss at the doorway, she pulled him inside.
“Have I been gone that long?” Tony asked with a small chuckle.
“You’re always gone too long. I have some hotdogs on the stove. Are you hungry?”
He wasn’t really. It would be the fourth time eating that day and it wasn’t even three o’clock. “Sure, I could eat a bite,” he said knowing she most likely wouldn’t eat if he didn’t. As they ate, Tony told her of the investigation and Mallory’s request. They no longer worried about being overheard by the Colonel’s bugs. Tony discovered that, if they spoke softly and had a radio or television on, the playback on the recorder at NIS was garbled. Anyway, Tasha was more than interested in the details of Samuel’s murder and only mildly interested in Mallory. Tony noticed the peculiar manner in which she dismissed Maria’s predicament. He sensed that she knew something. Tony squinted his eyes and stared at her with a knowing smile. Tasha looked at him as she was about to put a potato chip in her mouth; froze, and raised her brows in questioning manner.
“You know something…what?” Tony asked.
She put the chip in her mouth and wiped her hands. Placing her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands, she smiled and said, “I know a lot of things, my darling. You’ll have to be more specific.”
“About Maria and her husband.”
“Only that it comes as no great surprise. I met him once when I was taking your report to the Colonel back in July, I think. Maria went into the Colonel’s office and I was left alone with him for a few minutes. He…how do you say…hit on me? When Maria came back into the room, he acted just as he had before she left. He is a pig!” she said in disgust.
As Natasha was talking, an idea came to Tony how he could not only get Darrell to give Maria a divorce but get Darrell to even ask for it himself. He turned his attention back to Tasha and asked, “What did he do?”
“Not much but his intentions were obvious. He didn’t take his eyes off my chest the entire time. He didn’t even know me. How did he know I wouldn’t tell Maria? He is the kind of man that only thinks with his penis,” she answered.
‘That’s what I’m hoping for,’ Tony thought. ‘Wait, that sounds gay. I’m not hoping for a man that thinks with his penis. I’m hoping that Darrell will be thinking with his penis when I approach him. WAIT, that sounds bad, too. My idea requires Darrell to think with his penis. STOP saying penis!’ Tony shook his head to break away from his thoughts and returned his attention to Natasha. Her mouth was moving but all Tony could hear was his own mind saying, ‘PENIS! PENIS! PENIS! STOP SAYING PENIS! PENIS! PENIS! PENIS! Tony slapped himself and stood.
“I need a drink, Tasha. Do you want one?” he asked.
“No thanks. Did I say something to upset you?”
“No, I’m just tired of thinking. Having a bit of trouble staying focused. I rented some movies to watch or we can do something else if you want.”
“I just want to curl up on the couch with you,” she remarked as she walked up behind him at the counter and squeezed him tight.
“I have some bad news,” he said reluctantly. Turning towards her, he saw a mix of fear and curiosity cross her previously smiling face. “I was informed that I won’t be allowed to return every weekend like I was told.”
“Why, Tony? The Colonel said you would just be an observer and could come home.” She reached out and touched his arm. Her eyes glazed over and Tony felt as if he had just slapped her.
“My position in Coronado was denied but Brandywine has a friend in Pensacola that is willing to train me. He isn’t willing to do it on a part time basis so I’ll have to stay there. I’m sorry, Tasha. You know I want only to stay here with you but I have to do this.”
“But we just got home. We have not been together for more than two weeks yet,” she said nearly in tears. Walking to the couch, she pulled Tony along with her and sat heavily. “How long will you be gone? Another three months?”
“Yes, give or take a week.”
She slouched down and appeared deflated by the news. Tony felt so bad for her. He didn’t have any real obligation to fulfill this part of his training but he knew he must. Guilt settled over him as he reached out and put his arms around her crumpled shoulders and pulled her to his chest. He wanted so badly to stay with her but some force that he couldn’t explain pulled him to Pensacola. Softly he said, “I’ll be back before you even notice that I’m gone,” knowing it not to be true.
Tasha leaned over into his arms but said nothing. Tony knew she had plenty to say and wondered how often she held her tongue when she disagreed or was unhappy. She deserved better but he had to go. He wouldn’t get any specialized training but he just knew he had to do it. Why? He wasn’t sure but every fiber of his being wanted this. ‘Do I want it more than I want Tasha?’ he asked himself. ‘No, but she’ll be here when I get back. I won’t get this opportunity again,’ he told himself.
“What movies did you get?” she asked as she settled her legs over the arm of the couch.
“You don’t want to talk about it anymore?”
“It is three months, Tony. I have my whole life to spend with you. If this is what you have to do then I will support you as much as I can. Just give me your time until you leave.”
“What did I ever do to deserve you?” he asked rhetorically as he kissed the top of her head. Looking up with her doe-like brown eyes, she stretched up and kissed him affectionately.
That night and the entire day following, they stayed wrapped in each other’s arms. The day after that, Tony had to leave to board a plane to Pensacola. They both hated the idea of being apart and Tony again second guessed himself about leaving.


Chapter 17: Drown proofing
***
On January 5th, Tony stood in the massive, rear doorway of a transport plane; waving goodbye to Natasha. A surly Senior Chief motioned him to his seat along the bulkhead and closed the hatch. Less than a half hour after boarding the C-130, Tony arrived in Pensacola and walked out on to a bustling tarmac. It was at least thirty degrees warmer than the airfield in Millington and nearly ten times busier. The jet wash from an endless parade of jets taxiing, taking off, or landing filled the air with the heated fumes of fuel and oil. Helicopters on an adjacent field swarmed around like mosquitoes while jets and propeller planes filled the skies above circling like vultures. Tony looked to the perimeter of the field and saw trees barely moving until a plane happened by. It was in stark contrast to the manmade wind on the airfield where he had to hold his cover down to keep it from blowing away. He was quickly hustled out of the way by the planes technicians pressed to get the C-130 inspected, refueled, unloaded, and reloaded for its trip to some other destination. After the relaxed, hardly active airbase in Memphis Naval Air Station, this base made Tony feel as if he had just walked into another world.
He stumbled into the hanger feeling as if it were his first day in high school. Everyone seemed to be staring at him but he hadn’t a clue why. Looking down to check his zipper, he realized he was in his Officer khakis. He was the only Commissioned Officer in the hanger. Walking across the hanger, he drew the salutes of every one he passed. It was quite annoying to him. Jumping into civvies was the first thing he planned to do when he got his rack assignment. He only wanted to fade into the bulkhead but his uniform prevented it. Searching for someone that didn’t look too busy, he located a First Class Petty Officer and asked directions to the JAG office where he was to find Commander Farley. He got his directions and exited as quickly as possible.
Reaching his destination and requesting to see the Commander, he was immediately told to take a seat and wait. For forty five minutes he waited and thought about trivial things. It occurred to him that he couldn’t remember the person who told him to wait. It was a man and he had paid him no attention at all. He remembered every detail of nearly every woman that he crossed paths with but ignored the men. Why? He was in love with Natasha but still observed the ladies in great detail. ‘I suppose when I said I never looked at any other women, it was a lie,’ he thought. Still, he knew he had no designs on those women as he had before.
“The Commander will see you now,” the faceless, formless male Petty Officer said.
“Thank you.” Tony entered the office and came to attention. “Ensign Mazzi reporting as directed sir!”
Commander Evan Farley looked up from his reading and gave Tony a cursory glance. “At ease Mazzi. Have a seat. Colonel Brandywine told me most of the details of your reasons for being here, except your real name. It was my suggestion that you come aboard as an Ensign to subvert any problems or obstacles a NonCom would have. I’ve assigned Ensign Rowland to assist you with housing and with any other needs you have. She will also lead you through the preliminary details. My duties don’t allow me to assist with any of your training myself but I have an old friend that will see to that,” Farley began thumbing through the file he was perusing when Tony had entered. “The file Brandywine sent says you went through basic training at Great Lakes and Parris Island. I’m sure the Marines told you to forget everything you learned in the Navy but I’m reversing that. Forget what you learned on Parris Island. We have no need for people that don’t think for themselves. Everything in this file and everything the Colonel told me indicates that you are resourceful and innovative. That’s what a Navy SEAL is every day that he breathes.” He paused for a long moment and looked and Tony intently.
“There is one thing that I want to make perfectly clear. You are not now nor ever will you ever consider yourself or call yourself a SEAL. The men that complete that training spend years, not months, going through rigorous and hellish physical and mental conditioning. To claim that you’re a SEAL would dishonor them and their training. What I have planned for you is only a small taste of what they endure. I will personally see you strung up by your toes if you even so much as think that you’re on the same level as them. Do I make myself clear?”
“Yes, sir! Perfectly clear, sir!”
“What I want to do to you is to train you only in those areas that would benefit Colonel Brandywine. That will include your physical and mental torture, hand to hand combat and weapons training. You will be supplied operation manuals on a few specialized vehicles and have access to Scuba equipment at Brandywine's request; though, I’m not certain why he wants that. Mostly, your conditioning will be limited to the physical aspect. If your potential is as good as Colonel Brandywine says it is, you’ll do fine. I trust Brandywine implicitly. On more than one occasion he pulled my ass out of the fire in Vietnam. He was a Captain of a helicopter assigned to extricate Special Forces from behind enemy lines. On my last mission in country, he ignored orders not to leave his chopper and joined a firefight to get me and my team out. I was hit and he literally carried me out under intense fire. If not for him, I would be dead or prisoner of the Viet Cong. Do not disappoint either him or me, Mr. Mazzi. Do you have any questions?”
“The Colonel disobeyed orders?”
“Any other questions?” said indicating his reluctance to answer.
Tony had about a thousand more but answered, “No, sir!”
“I’m sure you do but they’ll all be answered in time,” Farley said not believing Tony’s response. He mashed a button on his phone. “Petty Officer Lindsey. Send in Ensign Rowland, please. She should be waiting in the Officer’s galley.”
Tony and the Commander spoke for about five more minutes until an attractive black woman entered. She was about average height with short curly hair. ‘Whitney Houston is my assistant…awesome,’ Tony thought. 
“Ensign Rowland, this is Ensign Mazzi. I’ve explained your task to you already. See to his accommodations first, please. I’ll see you both in the morning. Report back here at 0530.”
***
Ensign Rowland already had a furnished apartment ready for Tony. She was a really congenial girl that insisted right away that Tony call her by her first name, Randi. She had an incredibly strong ‘Valley Girl’ accent from California that made it hard for him to take her seriously. He couldn’t help but smile at her as she spoke. He imagined it was a problem for all who gave or took orders from her. Although the accent lent her a first impression of being an airhead, Tony soon determined she was not that at all. She was bright, sharp, witty, and genuinely impressed Tony with her congeniality. They had dinner together at a local diner and she filled him in on the specific details of what was required of him She laced the briefing with juicy gossip about individuals making a name for themselves at the base. Darrell Mallory was one of the names mentioned. Tony subtly kept the conversation on him until he had usable information. Darrell Mallory apparently had not curved his womanizing any since his separation which was to be expected. In fact, it had escalated to a flagrant show of libido gone wild. In the few months that he had been on base, he had gained a reputation for hitting on every woman that crossed his path. He didn’t have that reputation at Memphis NAS. Probably, because having a wife demanded a certain amount of discretion. In Pensacola that was not the case. He had already been reprimanded for a paternal issue and was warned, ineffectually, to curb his actions. He was still technically married and such behavior was frowned upon by the chain of command. Tony knew that was just for show. Marital infidelity of Sailors was phenomenal. The only real objection the Navy had with it was when a Sailor was careless enough to get caught by the spouse. Then they would then put on a show of false rhetoric and moral outrage. Lieutenant Maria Mallory had unfortunately hidden Darrell’s transgression and now suffered the problems she currently had with gaining a divorce. Tony himself wasn’t innocent of such behavior before Natasha but now he did feel outrage. Most likely because Maria was his friend and Darrell had wounded her deeply. Tony had a double standard in which he really couldn’t reconcile himself. He had been with married women and had thought no less of them or himself. Perhaps he had no qualms because he wasn’t friends with their husbands. He believed strongly in his promise to Natasha but it wasn’t moral fortitude that kept his arms around her only. It was simply the lack of desire to do otherwise. She was all that he wanted. Other’s relationships perhaps weren’t as simple. One basic necessity was that both parties feel the same. Maria hadn’t felt the need to wander but Darrell did. It was at this point that Tony realized that Ensign Rowland was still talking. “Anyway, I grew up in California but I was born in…blah, blah, blah,” Tony knew he really didn’t have to pay attention to her to hear her. Nearly everything anyone said to him when he didn’t think he was paying attention was stored in his brain somewhere. He could access it if needed. As charming as Rowland was, he didn’t think he would ever need to know what her pet’s names were or that one of her feet was darker than the other. After dinner, she dropped him at his apartment and told him she would pick him up at 0500. Tony called Tasha before he bothered to take his coat off.
***
The following morning, Ensign Rowland picked Tony up as promised, delivered him to the Commanders office, and waited for him to come out. Tony, not being sure what the morning would bring, wore his uniform. He was quickly given fatigues and shuffled off to change. When he returned, another man was in the Commander’s office.
“Ensign Mazzi, this is Alex Sandifer. We were on the Teams together back in the day. He will lead you through your regimen and you are to follow his orders to the letter. Understood?”
“Yes, sir.” Tony responded as he looked Sandifer over. He was not at all the surly, battle scarred person that Tony expected. He was about five foot seven and wore wire rimmed glasses that made him look more like a history professor than a retired Navy SEAL. That first impression would soon be altered. Sandifer, with no shortage of coarse vocabulary, quickly let Tony know what he expected of him. Immediately following Sandifer’s dialogue, Tony was directed out of the building by him. Tony looked at Rowland with a grimace on his face as he passed by her. To Tony, it felt like he was being taken out behind the wood shed for a whipping. He wasn’t far wrong. He was led to a gymnasium and stood beside an indoor pool.
“This is what you have to do. Swim five hundred yards. That’s fifteen laps in twelve and a half minutes or less then rest for ten. Do forty two push-ups in under two minutes. Rest for two. Do fifty sit-ups in under two minutes. Rest for two. Do six pull-ups. Rest for ten. Then you finish with a mile and a half run in your boots and pants in less than eleven and a half minutes. I’ll time you and let you know what to do and when to speed up. No bathing suits here so strip down to your underwear,” Sandifer ordered.
“Aye Aye, sir!”
“Don’t ‘sir’ me, Mazzi. I’m a civilian now,” he said nonchalantly.
“I call everyone sir or ma’am. It’s just how I…,” he abruptly stopped speaking when he saw Sandifer raise the stop watch and click the button. “Shit!” Tony uttered as he pulled his last leg out of his pants and dove into the pool. Twelve minutes and thirteen seconds later, he was gasping for air with his arms thrown over the concrete at the edge of the water.
“Get out of the water. Breathing will be easier,” Sandifer said helpfully. “Ten minute rest, then forty two push-ups.”
“I’m good to go now,” Tony said after a couple of minutes.
“Follow the procedure. Tortoise and the Hare.”
Tony nodded understanding the reference. After knocking out the push-ups without any trouble, he struggled with the sit-ups but completed them on time. The pull-ups confused Tony. ‘Why only six?’ he thought. Then he felt how heavy his body felt to his tired arms as he did the first one and was thankful there were only six to do. Finally, he got to the part he was looking forward to…the run. As he ran, he calculated that he would have to run about eight miles an hour. That was faster than what he did on Parris Island but for a much shorter distance. As he passed Sandifer on his first lap, he was told to speed up. With his rhythm acquired, he sailed through the run without being told to speed up again. Still, it was faster than he was accustomed to running. When he finished the final lap, he was gasping for air and his heart rate was through the roof. Tony thanked God it wasn’t summer time.
“You did good, Ensign. I’m surprised,” Sandifer said with a slight smile. “You got pretty sloppy with those sit-ups, though. You’re going to have to work on that. Come over here and sit down for a minute.
Tony rose, pulled his hands from his knees and stood erect. He sat down on the brick wall and turned his head to his instructor.
“That exercise was just the minimal requirement to qualify for basic SEAL training. You did okay but you need to do better and you will. We don’t have time for me to prepare you mentally for what I’m about to put you through. In regular training, it takes about five weeks to prepare the students physically and mentally for what’s ahead. You’d better be damned strong in both departments because you’re about to catch hell. If you’re committed to this, you need every moment you have to train.
The following week, Tony continued a battery of the same exercises. Over and over again, he repeated the same routine. With each run and swim, the times improved. The sit-ups, push-ups and pull-ups increased with the repetition time remaining the same. By Sunday, he was doing a two mile swim in under fifteen minutes and his mile and a half run in nine minutes flat. Sandifer felt generous and gave him the Sabbath to rest.
“Take my advice and get some rest. Next week is seriously going to test your resolve. It’s possibly your last day off for three months unless you quit,” Sandifer warned.
“I don’t quit!” Tony exclaimed confidently. “See you Monday, sir,” he said as he walked away.
***
Ensign Rowland was nowhere in sight so he decided to run home. After a shower and a shave, he collapsed on the bed just as the phone rang.
“Hi baby. I was just about to call,” he said picking up the phone and assuming it was Natasha.
“Hi sweetie. It’s me…Randi. I’m guessing you thought it was someone else. Total bummer,” Ensign Rowland remarked.
“Yeah. What’s up, Randi?”
“I was just calling to see if you got home. I was running a bit late today.”
“No problem. I jogged home,” Tony said as he heard a police siren through his window. The same siren he heard over the phone. “Where are you?”
“At the payphone in your parking lot.”
‘That’s a little creepy. Didn’t know stalking was one of Commander Farley’s instructions to you,’ Tony thought to himself. “What’s the weather like out there?”
“It’s cold and looks like it’s gonna rain,” she responded sounding a bit flat.
“Well then, you’d better come inside. A Florida winter can be wicked scary,” he said sarcastically with a snicker.
She walked in and gave Tony a feeble smile and an apology. “I’m sorry, Vito. I was bored and just wanted someone to hang out with. You don’t have any plans do you?” she asked hoping he didn’t.
“No, I was just gonna call my fiance and chat a while. But I’m glad you’re here. I wanted to ask a favor of you.
“Fiance? I didn’t know. Sure, I can help you with whatever you need. It’s my mantra for the next three months.”
“Great! Originally, I was going to have you help me to troll for hookers but now I think I’ll just have you give large sums of money to a perverted white guy,” Tony said being purposely obtuse.
Randi looked completely stunned at the request. “What are you talking about, hookers and perverts? Really?” she said as if she assumed Tony was just kidding with her. Walking to the fridge, she waited for his reply but none came. “Don’t you have anything to drink here?”
“No, I’m not drinking while I’m in training. I’m serious about what I said. Let’s go get you something for you to drink and I’ll tell you all about it.” As they walked to the car, Tony saw that Randi hadn’t been exaggerating about the weather. Storm clouds were rolling growing fast. The temperature had dropped at least twenty degrees in the half hour since he walked into his apartment and showered. The reflection of the city lights off the low cloud ceiling was a collage of red and magenta, hinting to high winds in the near future. Hurricane season was long gone. This was just an ordinary upheaval but still had the makings of a major blower. Ignoring the potential tempest, he turned his attention back to Randi. On the drive to the store, he told her of the situation with Maria and Darrell Mallory and what he wanted her to do. He wanted her to basically bribe him to sign the divorce papers. When he had learned of Darrell’s advance toward Natasha, he had thought up a plan to hire a hooker to get Darrell to fall in love. Finding the right girl would prove a challenge, however. After the previous week’s workout, Tony had neither the drive nor the motivation for such a complex scenario. It seemed reasonable, once it occurred to him, that Darrell was only in it for the money. He had a beautiful wife but no longer had relationship with her. There was no chance of reconciliation. Why was he holding on to her? For money! The Navy pays him more as a married person than if he were single. Why not just pay him the difference in lost wages and be done with it. Tony couldn’t offer him the money because the alpha male in Darrell would come out thinking that Tony wanted Maria. He would most likely decline the deal. If Randi made the proposal, Darrell would be thinking more about her than the deal itself. He may even think that agreeing to it might get him into Randi’s pants. Tony finished explaining everything to Randi after they returned to the apartment. She sat down while Tony prepared a whiskey sour for her.
“So, all I have to do is make the proposal and give him the money?” she asked.
“Some of the money. He’ll get the rest after he signs the papers. Try to convince him that he should take the deal. If he doesn’t, I’ll have to resort to stronger methods.” Tony leaned back in his comfortable reclining chair and waited for her to either berate him or agree.
She agreed saying, “I’ll do it but it doesn’t sound very exciting. The worst that could happen would be him hitting on me.”
“If he does, use it. Let him think he has a chance and you can boot him after the papers are signed. It sounds manipulative and it is but it’s for a good cause. Here’s ten thousand dollars. Promise him another forty after the papers are signed. You’ll be paid as well.”
“How do I find him?”
“Follow the scent of arrogance and machismo. He most likely frequents the same club where you ran into him before. Men like him usually stay at the same feeding grounds until the grass dries up. It’s Saturday night. It should be a good time to find him there,” Tony stated implying that she should leave right away. He could tell she really didn’t want to leave. There was plenty of time to do this but he was incredibly tired and just wanted to sink into bed and sleep.
“Okay, I’ll go now but you owe me!” she said as she headed to the door. Turning back briefly, she uttered, “Vito, you never did tell me about your fiance…later maybe?”
“We’ll talk more about it later. I’m really beat right now. Thanks Randi. When all this is over, I’ll be your slave for a day.”
“Promises, promises,” she smile and closed the door behind her. Tony promptly called Tasha.
***
Monday came all too soon. He rolled out of the rack at 0400 hours and ate a protein rich breakfast. The previous week, he had neglected to eat properly and his energy levels often dropped to zero. He wasn’t going to make that mistake anymore. Randi picked him up at 0500 and he ate again with her. By the time she delivered him to Sandifer, he was so full that he needed a nap.
“I hope you didn’t eat too much this morning. Today we’re starting the day with drown-proofing,” Sandifer said as he began binding Tony’s hands and feet with duct tape.
“Why would eating too much be bad,” Tony asked still somewhat dazed that Sandifer was going to try to drown him.
“Your brain will need oxygen but if you just ate a lot, the blood needed to transport the oxygen is busy with digestion.”
“You couldn’t have told me this Saturday before I left you?”
“Didn’t plan to do this yet but we need to move your schedule up. If you ate a lot, we can postpone this till tomorrow. When we do it isn’t that big of a deal.”
“No, I’m good. What do I have to do?” Tony said in resignation.
“First, you have to bob up and down for five minutes. Conventional wisdom says to hold your breath when you go under. I suggest it too. Then float on your back for five minutes. Then comes the hard part. You’ll have to swim a hundred meters. I want you to stay in this lane close to the edge. If you cramp up, you can easily get to the side. From now on, don’t eat until you get here and find out what’s going on. After the hundred meter swim, you’ll bob for another two minutes, do some backward and forward flips. Then you’ll swim to the bottom of the pool and retrieve this bag of rocks with your teeth.” He held up a small burlap sack that looked to be only a few pounds. “It’s three pounds. And finally, you’ll bob for five more minutes. I’ll tell you what to do when it’s time. That’s a lot to remember when you’re drowning,” Sandifer smiled mischievously.
“Now?” Tony asked and jumped in when Sandifer nodded his head.
***
That rest of that week, they continued the same routine as the previous week but with daily drown-proofing and an obstacle course added to it. There was already an obstacle course on base so that’s where they started. To begin with, it was relatively easy but every day another obstacle was added. By Saturday, Tony was running obstacles off base as well. He scaled buildings and jumped from roof top to roof top. He climbed telephone poles using nothing but his arms and legs. He climbed through the barnacle encrusted timbers beneath a thousand foot pier watching as small sharks swam beneath him. He was also tasked with climbing over the rocks of a five hundred foot long, granite jetty; carrying a full 120 pound pack, twice a day. There were no safety features to this obstacle course such as nets or protective clothing. Tony had to pay special attention not be careless. Falling from a roof top of a two story building or getting sliced by barnacle shells were a real threat. It would put Tony out of the game if he were injured. Sandifer told him the obstacle course at Coronado was much safer but actually more difficult. The cycle always ended with a two mile swim out in the Gulf and a two mile run on the beach in his wet clothes. Tony loved this part most. Like his runs on Parris Island, it gave him time for reflection and separation from his reality. Although both the swim and the runs were still timed exercises, he found it relaxing as he felt the ocean swells roll under him and his motions become in synch with the breath of the natural world. In his third week, he encountered what Sailors call ‘Slack Tide.’ It’s the moment when the tide changes direction. For a brief moment, twice a day, the surf becomes completely calm, neither incoming nor outgoing. The water becomes a glassy reflection of the color of the sky. When Tony encountered it while on his swim, he stopped and floated amazed at the serenity. He saw Sandifer in the distance with his stop watch raised but he didn’t care. This was his time but all too soon, it was over. The tide started its cycle over again, the swells began again and the surf picked up.
The final run of the day was also something of a relaxation for Tony but it was becoming more and more difficult. With the coming of cold weather, running in wet clothes was extremely frigid. After exiting the warm waters of the Gulf, the frigid air of late January and early February took its toll on him. In time, though, he learned to ignore it and it too became tolerable. Sandifer told him it was called ‘Cold Surf Torture’ by the SEALS. It didn’t matter what it was called…it sucked!
Every day, week after week, the cycle continued and repeatedly increased in difficulty. But Tony mastered everything that was thrown at him and even invited more difficult challenges; even though he felt himself getting more and more fatigued. On the fifth week of his training, his mental and physical determination was challenged to the breaking point. ‘Hell week’ began. For five days and five nights, Tony was put through his drills in a continuous cycle with only one hours sleep each night. Sandifer supervised during the day. Commander Farley took the lead in the evening. Ensign Rowland took the dead man’s shift. Since Tony would be severely impaired mentally, an additional two man team in a Zodiac was assigned to him for his deep water swims. Everyone knew all too well that extreme sleep deprivation and exhaustion could play havoc with one’s cognitive abilities. Tony could fall asleep and dream that he’s swimming when he’s actually drowning. Day after day, the cycles repeated over and over. He still had to maintain awareness of the barnacles on the pier and the other dangers of the cycle. That awareness kept his mind clear and focused even when he thought he could go no further. He was required to eat four hot meals a day, in addition to MRE’s. Hot meals were a psychological substitute for being warm and dry and gave a mental boost to trainees. Tony sometimes even slept as he ate.
Extra routines were added to the cycle. He was told that normally SEAL trainees would carry their zodiacs as a team where ever they went. He didn’t have a team. He had to drag the inflatable, rubber craft up and down the beach and into the water by himself. His Zodiac shadows were ordered not to assist him unless there was imminent danger to him. His run was extended to include the swamps and mud flats of the local estuaries. It was Parris Island revisited only the alligators and moccasins were in a warm, cozy hole somewhere sleeping. ‘Lucky bastards,’ Tony thought. ‘If I could find your hole, I would curl up right there with you.’ The daytime drills were somewhat tolerable temperature wise but the nights got really frigid, sometimes below freezing. Farley told him this extreme training was critical. He had to learn to operate oblivious to sub-zero temperatures and his own physical comfort.
For one hour every night, Tony slept. On the beach, in a tree, floating in the Zodiac at sea, it didn’t matter. Getting into a soft warm bed wouldn’t have been wise. He knew he wouldn’t be able to pull himself out. For that one short hour every night, he dreamed of Natasha. He had other brief dreams that had some women he didn’t know. They weren’t of a sexual nature but the women left him feeling as if he knew them…that they were related somehow. All the dreams ended the same way. “Mazzi, wake up! Time to get moving!” And the day began all over again. He didn’t have time to dwell on dreams.
‘Hell Week’ began at sundown on Sunday. It ended Friday evening. Ensign Randi Rowland assisted in getting him home. Tony was not completely done in but nearly was. Randi helped him out the top layer of his clothes and into the shower. Tony stood there in the tepid water feeling as if he were being scalded. When Randi left the bathroom, he stripped off the rest of his clothes and threw them to the back of the tub. A wonderful calm came over him as he felt the hot water cascading over his face. He had made it. It may have not been as grueling as real SEAL ‘Hell Week’ but he had completed it just the same. He sank down in the tub and let the warm rain pelt his tortured body. Sleep consumed him in moments.
***
When he awoke, he was dry and wrapped in the warm covers of his relatively comfortable bed. It felt like a cloud to him. Randi was sleeping beside him on top of the blankets. When she felt motion, she opened her eyes and turned to Tony.
 “Good morning. Sleep well? Sandifer gave you two days off. You’ve slept most of that already. It’s Sunday now.”
Tony peeked under the blankets and saw he was naked. “How did I get here?”
“You fell asleep in the shower. I called for you but when you didn’t answer, I got worried. The hot water had run out but you were in a deep sleep. I imagine you were you used to the cold after last week. When I managed to wake you somewhat, you got up. You were still pretty out of it. I dried you off and helped you into bed.”
“Thanks. Would you mind closing your eyes? I need to go to the bathroom. I imagine my cold water nudity was quite different that my current condition,” Tony asked politely as he slowly started to rise. He was so stiff…all over. He grabbed a pair of sweat pants and groaned on his way to the toilet.
While he was indisposed, Randi began telling him of the most recent events concerning Darrell and Maria Mallory. “I went with him yesterday to sign the divorce papers. Maria is so sweet and so beautiful! That man is an idiot. Anyhow, he like tried to kiss me to make her jealous. I pushed him away of course and Maria thought it was pretty funny. Whatever illusions she may have had of him before are long gone. She knows what kind of a pig he really is. I’m happy for her. But now, he wants the rest of the money.”
“I’ll give it to you after a while. You can take it to him whenever it’s convenient for you.” he said as he painfully laid face down on the bed. He trusted Randi but he wanted to verify that the papers were signed first. He’d give Maria a call later. As he was laying there thinking, Randi rose to her knees and began rubbing Tony’s sore muscles. “Please don’t, Randi.”
“It’s just a back rub, Vito. Oh, I forgot. You have a fiance,” She withdrew her arms and apologized.
“It’s not just that. I’ve never liked back rubs. Sandy tries to give them to me and I let her because she thinks it’s a good thing. It isn’t. I’m starving! You want to go out to eat?” he asked hoping to divert her attention elsewhere.
“I bought some groceries. Give me a few minutes and I’ll whip you up an omelet.” As she left the room, Tony was certain he detected disappointment as well as embarrassment in her voice and her slouched posture. He felt bad but he really didn’t want her to get to close to him. Hell, she had already gotten too close and Tony didn’t even remember it. “Definitely not gonna tell Tasha about her drying me off and sleeping in the same bed,” he mumbled under his breath after Randi left the room. Honesty is good up to the point that it becomes stupidity.
Randi brought both their breakfasts to the bed room and they ate on the bed. Tony reverted to an old ploy of asking a question of a personal nature, then sitting back and pretending to listen. He asked Randi what it was like growing up in California and ate while she rambled. Unfortunately, he began to get sleepy again but didn’t want to interrupt her. She seemed to be so at ease and comfortable. It was easy staying awake when you’re running or swimming…not when lying in bed. ‘Maybe I can go to sleep and she won’t notice,’ he thought. ‘She might still be talking when I wake up. With my luck, I’ll snore. She’s a really sweet girl but she is not my Tasha.’ As Randi continued her childhood history, Tony’s mind went a thousand different directions but mostly stayed on Tasha. He missed her so much. In another six weeks, he’d be home in her arms. It was too long. While he was being tortured the previous week, his thoughts were on her a lot. He often would wonder why he was putting himself through this when he could be lying in bed with her.
“I’m going to the store and get some milk. Do you need anything?” Randi said abruptly as she rose from the bed and gathered the dishes.
“No thank you.” Tony hadn’t notice when she had stopped talking about her childhood. He hoped she hadn’t asked any questions while he was wrapped up in his thoughts.
As soon as she left, Tony called Maria to see if everything was okay. She was so excited and thanked him profusely. After he hung up, he debated on whether or not he should pay Darrell the balance of the money. Darrell had been such an ass wipe to Maria…he didn’t deserve it. But Tony had involved Randi. Darrell may cause problems for her. It didn’t matter. Tony didn’t care about the money and Darrell was out of Maria’s life. All was good.
Next, he called Natasha. She was excited to hear from him too. They talked for a short while and she told him of her desire to go home to Ukraine for a month. Tony knew it would be good for her to get away for a while. He cryptically told her to take four more gold bricks to Nicholas and to bring back any new information on the Dutchman. Tasha also told Tony that she was practicing her reading with Captain Johnston’s journal and had discovered something incredible but she wouldn’t tell him what. She said she wanted to see his face when he read it. He pressed her but she wouldn’t relent so he let it go. They professed their eternal love and said goodbye just as Randi pulled into the parking lot. Tony pretended to be asleep when she walked in. Two minutes later, he was no longer pretending.
***
The following morning, Tony met Sandifer and performed the morning drill and drown-proofing routines. When he was done, Sandifer pulled him aside and gave him the new itinerary. “You did well on your basic conditioning. I have to admit, I’m surprised. Most trainees need the push from others on the team to get through what you did. You did it all alone and with your own determination and will power. You’ve earned my respect and that doesn’t come easily. For the next six weeks, you will be exposed to some of the more technical and strategic aspects of the teams. We don’t have all the equipment or weapons that a trainee would normally use but we don’t have the time either, so it’ll work out fine. Much of the equipment requires a full team to operate anyway, so we obviously are disadvantaged there. So be it. We’ll do what we can. First, we need to get you acquainted with the SCUBA systems. You’ll train on the open circuit systems exclusively since that all we have here. You’re probably familiar with it. It’s the system which you breathe air from a tank and the exhaust is released into the water. We’re also going to get started on combat swimming. You’ll learn to fight under water. Again, we don’t have time to learn all the nuances and strategies involved with combat swimming but we’ll do what we can. We’ll spend two weeks on this and then spend three weeks on land warfare. We’ll focus on intelligence gathering and structure penetration, short range reconnaissance and patrolling, and close quarters battle. You’ll practice with a number of different style blades until you’re proficient with all of them. Hand to hand combat and sniper attacks will be a major focus during this part of the training. You will also have to learn to drive anything and everything that I can get my hands on. High speed and evasive driving techniques are the focus. You will learn the use of offensive weapons throughout the next six weeks. We’ll have to use my personal weapons. I have a 9mm SIG Sauer P226, a MK23 MOD 0 45 caliber, an AK-47, and M-14 sniper rifle. The AK-47 is the preferred weapon of most of our enemies. It’s helpful to use when you want to blend into enemy lines. I imagine that won’t be of much use to you and Brandywine here in the States, though. On the Teams, my specialty was sniping. It’s only natural that we spend some time on sniping philosophy and techniques. In the final week, handling high explosives, infiltrating enemy lines, and snatch and grab techniques will be studied and practiced. Much of your training in all aspects will have to be on paper. There just isn’t enough time to do anything properly. You will be tested and graded. I’ve printed up the itinerary for you,” he said and handed Tony the five page document. “Are you ready to get started?”
“Hells yeah!” Tony said excitedly.
***
For the next six weeks, Tony trained with every weapon and piece of equipment that Sandifer could acquire. His day began at 0400 hours and ended at 2300 hours. The first week, he spent in the indoor pool learning to use the SCUBA gear and to fight under water. The second week, he took it out into the Gulf. Sandifer had acquired an underwater sled. Tony loved it. It was basically a slow moving, under water jet ski. He practiced the tactics necessary for infiltrating restaurants that were carelessly located on piers and house boats and yachts anchored out to sea. He would board the vessel, take pictures and exit without waking the unknowing occupants. The following three weeks, he spent on land warfare as Sandifer had described. His favorite part was learning to be a sniper and dispatching enemy snipers. Infiltration of an enemy target was nothing new to him but he learned a lot about intelligence gathering and using that intelligence in a useful manner. Commander Farley had gotten him permission to use any military vehicle on base except those that flew. Tony learned to drive personnel carriers, fuel tankers, jeeps, and a number of other vehicles in high speed conditions. He was even taught how to drive an M-1 Abrams tank by a Marine buddy of Sandifer. They wouldn’t let him fire the cannon, though. It was a major disappointment. Every floating vessel that was available became Tony’s personal vehicle. The live fire training with the handguns was easy for Tony. The Pensacola Police Academies live fire training range provided cardboard cutouts of bad guys that jumped up in the windows. Tony hit every one center mass or with a head shot while sparing all of the innocent bystanders. Some bad guys he dispatched with a knife thrown into their paper throats.
While all this training was going on, Tony still had to perform the usual drills and drown proofing. Physical and mental torture were still the theme throughout it all. But as the weather got warmer, the cold surf torture abated. Sandifer countered by having Tony run in place in the galley freezer after each swim. He grew accustomed to the face paced, arduous routine. It became just that…routine. As the weeks rolled by, it turned from torture to pleasure. He was exhausted at the end of the day but he had harnessed an energy that came from somewhere deep inside. What most people would consider hell, Tony considered fun. The final week, he spent most of his time in the classroom learning schematics and operational procedures for a variety of vehicles and weapons that he was sure he would never have the opportunity to use. Procedures for handling and detonating or disarming explosives interested him a lot more and he naturally did better on the tests. Tactics and procedures for varying infiltration and extraction scenarios were studied and tested. He did exceptionally well. The day his training ended and he was scheduled to depart, Commander Farley’s summoned him to his office. Alex Sandifer and Ensign Rowland were present in the room when he entered.
“Hello, Mazzi. Glad you could make it,” Farley said as he reached to shake Tony’s hand.
Tony just smiled and took his hand. ‘Was there any doubt that I’d make it? You ordered me here,’ Tony thought. “What’s this about Commander? My plane is getting ready to leave.”
“Don’t worry about that. Colonel Brandywine is sending a helicopter for you. It’ll be here at 1400 hours. At ease, Sailor. Please, have a seat.”
“Thank you, sir,” Tony said as he sat. Charlie will be here at two o’clock. That gives me enough time to get a dress white Officer’s uniform. I’d love for Tasha to see me in it, he thought. The Navy had just switched from winter blue uniforms to summer whites. It might be a while before he would be Ensign Mazzi again. He’d still like to have the whites hanging in his closet.
“Mr. Mazzi, Alex and I wanted to express how impressed we were with your performance the past three months. Your attitude and self-motivation was admirable. If you had actually been in the SEAL program, I have no doubt that you would have surpassed any and all other trainees. We just wanted you to know that we would have been proud to have had you on our team when we were in the field.” Both he and Sandifer stood and shook his hand. Randi stood as well but didn’t appear to be as happy as the other two.
“Thank you, sirs. I am honored. You almost make me feel guilty that I was actually having fun doing it…the last month at least.”
“That’s what makes you crazy enough to actually be on the Teams,” Sandifer laughed. “If it weren’t for your eyesight, we would make the request to Command that you be put through the real SEAL program. I still think it’s a waste. I could tell no impairment with your vision. You killed every piece of cardboard with the first shot. But rules are rules. It’s been a pleasure working with you, Mazzi. Keep it up. I believe Ensign Rowland has some accolades to share with you but she insists on privacy,” he said as he winked at Tony.
“Thank you again, sirs. It’s been a pleasure knowing you both,” Tony said as he opened the door for Randi. Once in the hallway, Randi began talking. It didn’t appear that she was as pleased as the others.
“I can’t believe you were going to leave without as much as a goodbye.” She had been to his apartment to pick him up that morning but Tony was already packed and gone.
“I’m sorry, Randi. I guess I was so excited about getting home that I didn’t think. I doubt that this will be the last time I see you. You have been a good friend and I hope that’ll continue to be true,” Tony said trying to placate her hurt feelings. He suspected she harbored feelings somewhat more complex than his and neither he nor she knew how to deal with them. “Do you want to help me get a new uniform at the commissary? I have the morning free now.” She did and after a few minutes, he had her laughing and joking just as before. When two o’clock rolled around, they were on the tarmac twenty feet from Charlie’s chopper. Tony sharply saluted her and she him. Then she threw herself into his arms and kissed him softly on the lips.
“Goodbye, Vito,” she said as her eyes glassed over. She threw caution to the wind and forcefully pulled Tony to her again kissing him tenderly on the lips.
“Not goodbye, Randi. See you later.” Tony turned and ducked under the rotors and boarded the aircraft. He wished that he could be there to see her eyes when she goes to the bank and finds an extra fifty thousand dollars in her account.
Charlie had a huge smile on his face. “Nice uniform, Ensign. Tell me, do you kiss all the Officers like that? Should I have put on some lip gloss?”
Tony smiled. “Just get me home, Marine. If you get me there fast enough, I’ll slip you some tongue,” he said casually as he buckled his restraint.


Chapter 18: Hormone Wars
***
On the short trip home from Pensacola, Charlie filled Tony in on all the trivial occurrences of the previous three months. Not much had happened. Natasha had spent a lot of time with Jessica except when she was in Ukraine. They had become closer than sisters. They ganged up on Charlie whenever they wanted something or disagreed with something Charlie said or did. “It’ll be nice to have you back, buddy. We need to balance the testosterone/estrogen equation at home. It’s a power struggle of epic proportions. Now that Rambo’s back in town, I won’t have to live in fear anymore. Thank you Jesus,” he said looking to the skies.
“Rambo? I prefer to think of myself more as Magnum PI. He lacks the intensity of Rambo but counters with a playful impudence and an air of frivolity and decadence.”
“You make yourself sound like a bottle of wine? Okay, Thomas Magnum it is then. It doesn’t matter. The forces are again balanced. The ‘Dark Side’ will not prevail.”
“My friend Levi Walker calls me Aniken. According to him, I may be switching to the dark side someday.”
“If we stay true to our metaphor then that means you’re gonna turn into a woman someday. Anyway, what does Walker know? He isn’t a SkyWalker, is he? If it makes you feel better, I don’t think you’ll ever turn into a woman. You don’t have the legs for it.”
“I think I have very nice legs. You just blew your chance at getting any tongue. Hey, can you land in that ball field down the road from my apartment?” Tony asked hoping to surprise Tasha.
“I could but Sandy and Jessica are already on the tarmac awaiting your triumphant return. I think they plan to neutralize you with their evil estrogen guns before you have a chance to settle in.”
“Alright, Charlie. You’re starting to scare me with your paranoia.”
Charlie turned to him with a serious look and spoke in his best Yoda voice. “Scared you should be. Scared…you will be.”
Tony burst into laughter. Using his best James Kirk impersonation, he replied, “Let me…takethecontrols, Master Yoda. I can…take her in…and I can land…in that spot…over there…wherenooneisstanding.”
“Take the controls you must…for a Jedi you are!”
“Aren’t we breaking some kind of nerd protocol by mixing ‘Star Wars’ and ‘Star Trek’ characters in the same skit?” Tony asked. “We could lose our preferred member cards at Nerds-R-Us.”
***
Tony landed the aircraft well enough but it was obvious to Charlie that he needed more practice. He cut the engine power but couldn’t wait for the rotors to slow down. Jumping out, he bolted toward Natasha at the edge of the field. She too ran towards him. In the middle they met and Tony picked her off the ground in a joyous hug and spun her around. They kissed and all the noise and commotion on the field vanished. It was just the two of them. Tasha’s white sun dress blew in the wind as did her hair.
“You look so beautiful, Tasha. I’ve missed you so much,” Tony said over the diminishing din of the chopper rotors.
“You look beautiful too, Tony.”
Tony looked at her then back to Charlie. ‘Did I just get shot with an estrogen gun?’ he thought to himself. “I’m handsome…not beautiful,” he shot back with his special edition testosterone phaser. He kissed her again with more passion. “Let’s ditch Charlie and Jessica and go home.”
“Okay, but first the Colonel is waiting for you at headquarters. He said he’ll only need you for a moment then I can have you all to myself.”
“If I must,” he exhaled sadly.
Tasha waved goodbye to Jessica who was standing by her car then headed for her own. Tony waved too and yelled to Charlie who was seeing to the post flight maintenance of his aircraft.
***
Tony was immediately assaulted by Lieutenant Mallory when he entered the NIS headquarters. “Tony, I’m so glad you’re back,” she exclaimed as she gave him a very affectionate hug. Natasha raised an eyebrow but smiled compassionately at Maria. “The Colonel is waiting for you. Go right in.”
“You wanted to see me, Colonel?” Tony said as he quietly entered the room and handed over the reports from Commander Farley.
“Yes, Welcome back Tony. I’ll look at these later. Sandy will have my ass if I keep you too long. I just wanted to let you know that Chief Flaherty found the gun that killed my son. It was in Drigger’s sister’s house. The ballistics matched. Robbie Drigger will be charged with both homicides. I just wanted to tell you personally and thank you.” Brandywine was expressing more emotion than Tony ever thought he was capable of showing. When he hugged Tony, Tony’s eyes widened and he froze in confusion. He mechanically patted Brandywine's back with one hand. Had Natasha and Jessica gotten the Colonel with their estrogen guns? Is Maria part of the conspiracy? Probably, she does have an obviously ample supply of estrogen on hand.
“That’s fantastic, Colonel! When does his trial begin?” Tony asked as he subtly pulled away from his grasp.
“In two months. Flaherty and I both want to get a confession. I get to interrogate him on in a couple of weeks. I want you there to observe only and give your opinions. You haven’t been trained in that part of the procedure, yet. I don’t want to take the chance of anything getting screwed up. No offense intended.”
“None taken, I agree.”
“What’s today…Wednesday? Report back here Monday and we’ll go over Commander Farley’s reports and I’ll give you your new training assignments.”
“Aye Aye sir. Thank you, sir,” Tony said as he came to attention and did an about face. It was mechanical and something he was unaccustomed to doing but everyone’s emotional displays was unnerving him.
“What the hell was that?” Brandywine asked.
“It was an ‘about face,’ sir!”
“Since when do you do those?”
“I don’t know, sir. I’m really confused right now,” Tony said shaking his head in surrender.
Colonel Brandywine smiled and softly said, “That uniform suits you. Dismissed, Tony!”
On the way out, Tony and Natasha said goodbye to Maria but not before they both got hugs from her. Once outside, Tony mumbled, “It’s a regular love fest around here. Has everyone gone crazy?”
“No, Tony. You just don’t realize the affect you have on people’s lives. Do you remember all those times you made me watch, “It’s a Wonderful Life”? You are George Bailey!”
“I do love Jimmy Stewart.” Tony walked around the car and opened the door for her; giving her a soft, emotion packed kiss. “If a guardian angel is responsible for sending you to me then I’m gonna see to it that he gets two pair of wings.”
“Don’t be silly. I am your guardian angel.”
***
When they entered the house and started to settle in, Tony hugged Tasha from behind and started feasting on her neck.
“Wait, Tony. I have something I want you to see,” she said and tried to pull away.
Tony pulled her blouse away from her neckline and responded, “I’m pretty sure I know what I want to see.”
She popped his hand and rolled out of his clutches. “Trust me, Tony. You’ll want to read this!” She walked over to the desk and pulled out Captain Johnston’s journal. She opened it to a page already marked and motioned him over. Tony sat and began reading. Tasha crouched beside the desk, never taking her eyes off him.
***
July 5, 1905: Today, the most incredible thing happened that I can’t explain. I was downstairs bricking up the old tunnel when I heard a voice behind me. It startled me and when I turned, I saw a young man dressed in strange clothes. He was the spitting image of a young man I served with on the Arkansas…even sounded like him. He had some kind of Italian name but said he was from South Carolina and spoke with the eloquence that only Southerners have. He asked some questions and I answered as best I could. The lad was well mannered and gentlemanly. When he asked how much gold and silver was aboard the Arkansas, he vanished into thin air. I was looking straight at him and ‘poof’ he was gone. It scared the tar out of me. I’m still shaking. I never believed in ghosts but that’s the only way to explain it. My memory isn’t what it used to be but I’d swear that was my First Officer Will Blomee. He was from South Carolina too, I believe. I swear I saw a ghost. I waited to see if he would return but he didn’t. I’m going to have a drink and finish the work in the basement some other time.
***
“Will Blomee? There was a crewman on the Arkansas manifest named Will U. Blomee. Levi and I both thought it an unfortunate name. Can you imagine everyone walking up to him and saying, ‘Will you Blow me? I haven’t seen you in ages.’ Or, ‘It’s nice to meet you, Will you Blow me?’ I imagine he probably got slapped a lot introducing himself to women. ‘Miss Davenport, it’s a pleasure to meet you. Will you Blow me?” Tony laughed but saw Natasha was looking for a more serious response. “I’m sure it didn’t mean the same thing back then,” he said sheepishly then just looked at the page for a while finally looking back up at Natasha. “I was really there in that basement with Captain Johnston in 1905!”
“Yes, you were. It’s amazing isn’t it? Tony…you really went back in time. I could not believe it when I first read it. I thought I read it wrong. I must have read it a dozen times before I was sure I was right. I still do not know what to make of it. How could it be possible? Tony, you went back in time!” Tasha was as excited about it as Tony was confused about it.
Tony leaned back in the chair and a thousand thoughts ran through his head. “We have to go back to the Colonel’s house.”
“Now?” she said not expecting that response from him.
“No, not now…but soon. If I really did go back in time…”
“You did!” Tasha interrupted.
“…then I did again when the Colonel and I were checking out the passages in his house. I saw a family of escaped slaves. Brandywine walked in before I could talk to them. They may need my help.”
Confusion crossed Tasha’s face. “I don’t understand. Why do you think that you would see them again?”
“I don’t but what else could I do? I have to reason that there is some force that leads me to these people. Captain Johnston’s gold was lying dormant for over a century. Some power beyond my comprehension led me to the gold, so that it could be used for something. Maybe so that it could be used to help free the Russian people. Maybe the other things that I’ve used it for have some significance in the greater cosmic scheme of things. It’s like the butterfly affect. I free Maria from Darrell’s influence and she’s free to…I don’t know…have children with another man. Someday her grandchild or great grandchild saves the planet. This all science fiction but plausible considering that I actually traveled through time. If those escaped slaves needed my help to escape, there may be broader consequences if they don’t. I need to talk to Levi. He has a better grasp of time travel paradox’s than I do.” He looked at Natasha and she now had a much more seriously confused face. “I know it sounds crazy…but it’s exciting too, isn’t it?”
“Two months ago, I would have thought you were crazy. But now I don’t know what to think. Just for arguments sake, how do you know what the right thing to do will be? What if those people were not supposed to escape?”
“I don’t know. Levi believes that the past can’t be altered. Maybe the universe has a failsafe. Nothing can happen that isn’t meant to happen. But who’s to say what really happened in the past? I didn’t change anything in the past with Captain Johnston but perhaps I’m changing the future with what I learned in the past. What if I can actually affect the past? That kind of negates my original argument but what if my ability to do this is part of the natural scheme of things. Who’s to say that my actions in the past aren’t the natural order of things? Much of history is not recorded. I could just as easily be part of that reality as this one. Or…what I choose to do can actually change the universal dynamic. By changing one single thing, I could alter the course of history. What has happened in our history is done. I can’t change that. But since I can go back in time, I can change events that that already happened creating alternate realities or parallel universes. What if I could go back in time and change something that affects me personally. Imagine if my mother and father had been murdered when I was a child. I could go back in time and save them. I would return to the present in an alternate reality and they would be alive. I think that’s too dangerous though. I could never know how my actions would affect everything. They might have another child that became a serial killer or something. This is all crazy talk but it does offer an interesting discussion.” Tony paused and appeared to be looking at the ceiling but he was deep within his own imagination. He heard motion from Natasha and brought himself back out. “It wouldn’t hurt to try to communicate with them just for curiosity’s sake. Enough of this self-indulgence. I haven’t seen you in three months. If you don’t mind, I would like to attempt a self-indulgence of a somewhat more personal and intimate nature,” he said and rolled out of the chair, pulling her to the floor.
Tasha laughed and rolled over on top of him. “I don’t mind at all.”
***
Several days later, Tony and Tasha were lying in bed. They hadn’t been out of the house except to get milk and a few other meager amenities. It was early morning and Tasha still slumbered while Tony, lying on his side, stared at her peaceful, angelic face. With his pinky finger, he began to tickle her lip just below nose. She brushed it away without waking, so he continued. Finally, her eyes opened as she swatted at Tony’s hand.
“What are you doing, baby?” She rolled over to face him and caressed his face with the back of her fingers.
“I had something I wanted to ask you and I couldn’t wait any longer.”
Tasha ran her tongue over her teeth. “Can it wait until I brush my teeth?” Dinner last night had been accompanied with a bottle of red wine. The ill effects of it seemed to be concentrated in her mouth. When she returned, she resumed her position beside him and kissed him passionately. “Now, what is it that couldn’t wait for a few more hours of beauty sleep?”
“You need never sleep again. Any more beauty and you’d never get me to leave you alone,” Tony said knowing it sounded like a line but he did in fact mean it. “I want to get married.”
“I thought you already asked that.”
“I mean now. I don’t want to wait until your country and my country are holding hands. I’ve thought about it. We can get married under your pseudo name. If you want to chance it, we could use your real name. I could make you some fake papers giving the illusion of American citizenship. Screw the legal crap. We can be married by a real minister.” He paused. “I want us to be man and wife. I want to be able to introduce you as my wife and not as my fiancé. I want the world to know that I’m your husband and you are my wife.” Tony was getting pretty excited by his point. She just smiled at him.
“Okay, Tony. I would love that more than anything else on this Earth. But what about my father? Who will give me away?”
“I imagine you’d make Brandywine's day if you asked him. He’s getting all soft and mushy for that sort of thing lately. Jessica could be your maid of honor and Maria a bridesmaid. Charlie could be my best man. I’ll let you and Jessica work out the guest list and…well, everything else too. It’s my solemn hope that I won’t have to do anything.” Tony smiled like he was kidding but they both knew he really wasn’t.
Natasha had been getting increasingly excited as Tony rambled. “That sounds wonderful, Tony. I have to get up. I have a million things to do. Wait, what day are we getting married?”
“I dunno…Tuesday?”
Natasha looked at him, exhaled slightly and smiled. Getting back on the bed, she said, “I suppose that coming up with the idea was the limit of thought that you put into it. But it was such a good idea that you can take a break and I will do the rest of the thinking. How about May? That should be enough time to get things arranged, no?”
“I guess so. How big a wedding are we talking?”
“I guess…I don’t know. We don’t know anybody,” she said coming to the realization that they had included very few people into their tiny circle.
Tony laughed. “Then I guess it will be a small one. Once we get the people we know to be attendants, we won’t have any guests. I prefer that anyway. This is for you and me. That’s all that matters.”
***
On Monday, Tony and Natasha walked into NIS headquarters to get his orders from the Colonel. “Hi, Tony…Sandy. The Colonel’s waiting for you, Tony. Go on in,” Maria said showing her dazzling smile with her ridiculously gleaming white teeth. She motioned for Natasha to sit in the chair beside her desk.
“Thanks Maria,” they both said at the same time.
Tony knocked but didn’t wait for acknowledgment. Brandywine stood when he entered and smiled when he saw who it was. 
“Have a seat, Tony. I’ve read and reread Commander Farley’s reports. Both he and Alex Sandifer seem to be singing your praises. That in itself is commendable. Neither of those gentlemen are normally quick to offer adulation of any kind. I said it before and I’ll say it again. I’m proud of you. You didn’t even tell any instructors to fuck off this time. From the looks of this, they put you through a meat grinder. Fortunately for you, I don’t have anything near that intense planned for your next battery of training or for the following one in Great Lakes. If you want to maintain your present physical condition, you’ll have to do it in your spare time. I’ve written up your Schedule for the next three months. I’ll also expect you to handle some of the simpler cases that aren’t too involved. We’ve developed something of a backlog since you’ve been away. These aren’t the cases I would ordinarily give you but they’re easy and shouldn’t interfere with the schedule I just gave you. Mondays and Wednesdays, you belong to Captain Parker. Report to him as soon as you leave here. Look over the schedule later and let me know if you have any questions.”
“Sir, if I may, I have two requests of make of you.”
“Go ahead.”
“First, I would like to upgrade my…Tony Russo’s…ID cards and chits to ensign or better for the immediate future. I have no other reason for this than I like the uniform,” Tony waited a few seconds and smiled. “Just kidding, sir. I find being an Officer opens more doors and helps me get what I need, more so than being a Petty Officer. I also believe no one with rank less than an ensign is allowed to pilot a helicopter. I’ll be in flight gear but I’ll still need to get flight approval from ground control. I can’t very well say, ‘this is Petty Officer Third Class Russo requesting permission to take off,’ can I?”
“Well, you’re wrong about that. Non Coms do pilot choppers but not anyone that low in rank. You’ll be assigned a call sign anyway and your rank won’t be addressed over the radio. Go ahead, though. It doesn’t really matter but you aren’t getting a pay bump. I doubt Command would agree with this promotion. You’re second request?”
“Sandy is outside. She would like to make this request for me.”
“Is what you want so unreasonable that you’re sending in a ringer? The answer is no. Just because she and I have gotten close the past three months, doesn’t mean that you can use her to play on my sympathies. I surprised at you.” Brandywine seemed more disappointed than angry.
Tony smiled and held his palm towards the Colonel. “Wait Colonel. It’s nothing like that. You’re gonna feel real bad in about five minutes.”
“Bring her in and you wait outside. I warn you. If you’re using that child for something self-serving to you, I’ll be very disappointed.”
Natasha went into the office and Tony sat and spoke a bit with Lieutenant Mallory. Maria was excited about being a bridesmaid and again expressed thanks to Tony for freeing her from Darrell. Tony tuned her out and was thinking of what was going on in the office. He knew the Colonel would love the idea of giving the bride away but asked Natasha just to tell him it was symbolic wedding. It was symbolic in the strictest sense of the word…all weddings are. Technically, he was marrying Sandra Duvall, not Natasha Ledkenski. Legally, there was a distinction but not to Tony. 'A rose by any other name…'
Neither Tony nor I ever really understood the institution of marriage before that. Honestly, I still don’t. It seemed to us to be only a paper formality designed to give tax benefits and a reason to change the message on the answering machine. Legal marriages gave ‘legitimacy’ to the union in the eyes of the government and others. In Tony’s mind, he had married Natasha long ago without the need for a certificate. Some would say that people get married ‘in the eyes of God.’ What of people that choose to see a Justice of the Peace? It isn’t a church wedding. Are they still married in the eyes of God? Does God stop by and review the documents? It would more accurately be expressed as ‘married in the eyes judgmental, opinionated busy bodies.’ Tony had married Tasha when he first committed himself to her and no one else. But somewhere in the back of his mind, he still wanted to go through the motions. He wanted to express to his love and devotion to her and to those closest to them. Mostly just to her. He knew when they gave their vows that everyone else would vanish. Just as he was mid-thought, Natasha came out of the office with a huge smile on her face and headed towards Maria. Some incomprehensible shrill noises came out of her mouth as she bounced up and down. Soon Maria was caught up in the moment and began making similar sounds. Tony caught one or two words like ‘plantation’ and ‘June’ but could not decipher the rest. Colonel Brandywine followed behind her and walked over to Tony. In silence, he stood there with and odd look about his face. Then he surprised Tony with yet another hug and a pat on the back. Tony’s bowed head pressed against the man’s shoulder and his nose was mashed into the Colonel’s six foot four frame.His metal name tag threatened severe Tony’s jugular. He brought one hand up behind the Colonel and mechanically patted his back. Brandywine's hug was sincere and heartfelt but Tony’s was mechanical. Natasha was the only one with whom he felt comfortable expressing emotions. With man hugs, he felt horribly put upon and would prefer to not participate. Brandywine broke the embrace, keeping one hand on Tony’s shoulder. When he finally spoke, his voice was soft but cracked with what Tony could only guess to be sentimentality.
“Congratulations, Tony. I’m so happy for you.”
“Thank you, sir.”
Natasha and Maria walked over and Tasha threw her arms around Tony.
'This is making her so happy,’ Tony thought. ‘It must really be every girls dream to have a wedding.’ A few moments later, she was at the Colonel’s side with her arms around him and her face pressed against his ribs like a teenage girl whose daddy had just given her a new convertible. Maria looked at Tony and gave a smile and a shrug. Neither of them had ever thought of the Colonel as the cuddly type.
“Vince wants us to have the wedding at his plantation in June. Can you believe it? A June wedding! We can give our vows in the gazebo out back under the big tree. There’s enough room for hundreds of people.” Tasha spewed in excitement.
“If that’s okay with you, Tony. It’ll be nice to bring some happiness back to the old place,” Brandywine added.
“That’ll be great,” Tony replied not really caring. When and where wasn’t important. It did concern him that this was already escalating into a gala event…not the quiet, personal gathering he had imagined. “Hundreds of people? We don’t have a half a dozen friends between the two of us.”
“I did not mean we will have that many. I just meant that we could if we wanted to. I’m meeting Jessica soon to work out the details and make some lists.” Natasha gave Brandywine another squeeze and then walked to Maria and gave a quick hug and kiss on the cheek.
Brandywine put his arm over Tony’s shoulder as a father would and congratulated him again. Maria walked over to him and also congratulated him and gave a rather long kiss on his cheek, leaving a bright red set of lip prints. He felt uncomfortable getting hugs but it apparently was just part of the ritual. The only one he wanted to hug was busy hugging everyone else. ‘Perhaps that’s part of the ritual too,’ he thought. ‘Did proposing mean that I’m now second string…subject to tidal flow of pre-marital convention. Hugs and well wishing, along with smiles and puppy dog tails would be the norm. Two months of “We have to be nice to them. They’re invited to our wedding,” or “We can’t have fun. We’re getting married!” For all the negative thoughts that was rushing through Tony’s mind, he had only to look at Natasha and they vanished. She was so happy and excited and the light in the room seemed to intensify the glow on her face. Her smile was one of the happiest he had ever seen. Glowing with the fire of, ‘soon to be,’ newlywed bliss. She was absolutely radiant and stood tall with an air of confidence that he had never seen in her. This was making her happy and that was all that Tony had ever wanted for her. Then the negative thoughts peeked back in. ‘What if it’s just the wedding that’s making her happy. She seemed happy before but not like this. Once the wedding is over, it’ll just be me. Will I be enough?’ Tasha glanced at Tony as if she were reading his thoughts. Tony looked into her eyes and all doubt left him as she gave a knowing smile. Brandywine and Maria melted away and they were alone…encased in a bubble and enveloped by some unseen yet intoxicating force. There were no more doubts. Tony knew they would always be connected…for better or for worse.
***
“Tony, I want to use my real name,” Tasha said as she sat on the sofa with him. She had spent the entire afternoon with Jessica making preliminary arrangements and wedding plans. Tony’s hadn’t started his training program other the flying with Charlie, so he was sitting home waiting for her. He was so bored and felt sorry for making Tasha sit alone all those months waiting for him to come home. It wasn’t fair to her and he gained new respect for her and her dedication to him.
He turned up the television to distort the Colonel’s listening devices; pausing only for only a moment before asking, “For the wedding? Are you sure?”
“Yes. I don’t believe my family is in as much danger any longer. Things are getting better in Russia. No one there will ever find out about it anyway. I only wish my father and brothers could be here. You will still have to do your immigration trick with my papers but that should not be any different than my other name.”
“Okay. That’s no problem but it may take our guests by surprise. That’ll actually be kind of cool. I can’t wait to see the Colonel’s eyes when he’s reminded that he’s giving away a Russian spy.”
“Do you still have that fantasy?”
“Yeah, but recently you’ve been wearing a French maid’s outfit and orange swimming flippers,” he smirked. “Don’t tell anyone your real name yet. We’ll spring it on them at the wedding. I think it’ll be safer if we only use it that one time. Afterward, I’ll explain to the Colonel about the need for discretion without giving him too many details. I imagine he’ll go straight back to the office and run a check on you.
“Do what you think. I trust your judgment,” she said as she snuggled up to him. An old episode of Star Trek played on the television as they watched in silence.
***
Tony’s first day training with the Marines went poorly. Tony had let himself get a little relaxed with his daily exercise routine. The Marines literally beat him up. He had expected the usual battery of fight drills but was assaulted with hands and feet flying in from all directions. The Martial Arts was not at all expected. Even after he learned to duck and block, he got bruised and sore but he loved it. Everyone moved so fast. It was definitely a discipline he wanted to learn and learn fast. In the morning for the next few weeks, he ran ten miles and did all the calisthenics and ‘torture’ routines that he had accustomed himself with in Pensacola. Tai Kwon Do routines became a staple of each day and centered him in ways that running never had. At night, he would return home to Tasha’s waiting embrace. Every night, he would be assaulted with a myriad of decisions about the wedding which he invariably told her, ‘Whatever you want,’ much to her disappointment. Every night, she would insist on giving him a back rub and he would comply even though he didn’t like it. And every night, he would fall asleep in her loving arms thanking God that she was there.
***
On April 25th, Tony sat watching the feed to a camera in Interrogation Room 2. Robbie Drigger sat alone waiting to be questioned. A short, disgusting little middle aged man stared back at him through the camera as if defying anyone to break him. Tony stared at him intently, trying to get a ‘feel’ for him. Tony’s gut told him that Drigger was guilty of Samuel and Melinda’s murder but apparently that wasn’t enough for the United States Judicial System.
“Hi, Tony. You do know that I’m going to let him sit there for a while, Don’t you?” asked Brandywine as he walked up behind him. The Colonel had distanced himself from the interrogation due to bias. It was the logical thing to do. He had so much hope for this case and didn’t want to give any lawyers any reason to question the validity of any evidence or testimony that might emerge.
“Yes, sir. I just wanted to size him up…pun intended. He sure is tiny, isn’t he? Like a little Scrappy Doo. Don’t really want to defame Scrappy like that, though. Let’s call him Scruffy Doo.”
Brandywine snickered. “I gave Eddie the questions that you wanted asked. He said that he would ask them in just that order as you requested.”
Tony looked back at the Colonel. Something was different. He seemed solemn and melancholy. Tony understood. This was the moment for which he had been waiting fifteen years. The answer to the single most important question in his life could only be moments away. Who killed my son? Tony could only imagine the emotion that he must be suffering at this moment. Tony had to imagine it. He felt nothing other than compassion for the Colonel and a desire to know the truth himself. Tony and the Colonel stood in silence staring at the little man on the screen.
***
After the interrogation, Tony sat in Brandywine's office thinking. The Colonel sat behind his desk and pulled out a bottle of bourbon. “Well, that was anticlimactic. We didn’t get anything from him.”
“We got the answer to our question. He did it. We didn’t get a confession but the evidence will convict him. Of that…I have no doubt.”
“What was the purpose of those questions you added? They didn’t ask anything specific to the case. They only told Drigger what the kids were wearing. Even that was inaccurate. Melinda was wearing a white shirt, not blue,” Brandywine asked as he slid a glass to Tony.
Tony took a sip. “Did you watch him closely? Watch the recording again later. You’ll see it. When Eddie mentioned the blue shirt, Scruffy involuntarily sat a little straighter and his eyes looked down and to the right. Scuffy Doo caught the mistake and gave himself away with his eyes. He looked down and to the right because he tried to remember. If he had no memory, he would have looked straight at Eddie. When people are searching for a memory, they unknowingly look down and to the right. When people make something up, they look to the left as they fabricate a memory. If they don’t have a clue, they look straight ahead. Scruffy looked down and to the right. Why would someone that wasn’t there try to remember? There were other nuances in the face that gave him away, too. He was lying the whole way. He was there in that alley with Samuel and Melinda.”
“Really? I never knew that about the eyes.” Brandywine looked to the right and then to the left. Tony guessed he was testing the theory himself. “You’re right. I automatically look left when I’m making something up and to the right when I was remembering. That’s interesting. But that isn’t admissible in court, I imagine. As you said though, the evidence should convict him. We literally have the smoking gun.”
They chatted for a while and Tony was impressed with Brandywine's disassociation with his emotions. He seemed calm, logical and reasonable. Or maybe he was just burned out on the issue. Perhaps the hate had left him. Fifteen years ago, Tony imagined the Colonel would have busted the interrogation room door down and ripped Scruffy Doo’s head off. Tony wanted to do that now. He had never met Samuel but still had the urge to make Drigger pay for ending Sam and Melinda’s lives. Two young lives that had so much potential. They would never know the joys of life. Never would they know love. Drigger is or was a child molester, an extortionist, a murderer and many other things. He doesn’t deserve to live another day. Arkansas has the death penalty. That may be the ultimate outcome…hopefully.
***
Tony left Brandywine's office and came in search of me. He found me beside the low water of the Mississippi sitting on a log mired in the mud. Deep in thought, I stared out over the water as it rushed by. I hadn’t seen Tony in a while and he just wanted to touch base with me. In reality, I knew he was going to ask me to his wedding out of courtesy even though he knew of my ‘conscientious objector’ status to the institution.
“So…do you want to come?” he asked.
“Not really. You understand, don’t you? Funerals by any other name are still funerals. Just kidding, Tony. I am very happy for you and I know what this means to you. I just can’t watch as I lose another friend.”
“You’re not losing a friend, Levi. I’ll still be here.”
“I lost you when you first fell in love with Tasha. It’s not a problem. It is the natural order of things. It happened with my cousin William. You remember him? He got married and was sucked into a black hole. Someday, I’ll find that perfect woman and I’ll choose spending time with her and old acquaintances will be forgotten. It’s just the way it is. But do you think that using your real names is a good idea? Her family still must have enemies and Tony Russo is supposed to be dead. With all those people coming to your wedding, someone’s bound to ask questions.”
“I am a bit reluctant but it’s what she wants. I’ll just hope for the best,” Tony said unconvincingly.
“That doesn’t sound like you…leaving things to chance.”
“I know. I have to admit, it does leave a pit in my stomach. Are you going to share that bourbon or not?”
Tony knew the dangers of what he was doing. I didn’t want to pressure him to change his mind. I let it go, but for some reason, I had a pit in my stomach too. He was still my best friend and it bothered me when he unnecessarily put himself in harm’s way. Tony was perfectly capable of reacting to dangers that he could see and measure. But what about the ones he doesn’t see coming? Perhaps Tasha was right and there was no danger. I hoped so but Tony Russo was supposed to be dead. If it were known that he was still alive, the Dutchman or Duarte’s Memphis crew could complicate things. People like that don’t forget it when millions of dollars in drugs and guns are lost or when half their organization is taken out by one man. Tony had been working hard, putting himself through hell, so that he would be ready the next time a confrontation became inevitable. But he wasn’t ready yet. There was still so much for him to learn but it was his life. I had to let him make his own choices. I passed the bourbon to him and waited for him to talk. He didn’t right away. We just sat there gazing out over the sparkling, blue water. Eventually he spoke in a very relaxed voice. I suppose the calming blue waters had lessened his worries somewhat.
“Did you read the entry in Johnston’s journal?” he asked.
“Yes, I’m still trying to make sense of it. I really have no doubt that you went back in time. I believed it before. Hell, I’ve done it before. I just didn’t realize it was real and not a dream. But what do you do with it. There are dangers to messing with history. I don’t think you can actually affect anything in the past but I don’t really know. I was never actually able to interact with people when I went back. You may be different. I want to do a little reading and get back to you. It’s not a good idea to mess with history, Tony. You just never know how even one little change can affect things. You could kill a mosquito…prevent Joe Blow from dying of malaria and his great grandchild becomes the Anti-Christ.”
“To be honest, I still find it hard to believe that I did go back in time but the evidence is there. Choosing when and where I go back, isn’t my call either. I tried a dozen times to talk to Johnston again. Nothing I did took me back. It’s either by chance or some force beyond me that opens that portal. I told you about the escape slave family. I haven’t had the opportunity yet but I would like to try and see them again. I was drawn there for a reason. Maybe to help or maybe just to get some kind of information. I don’t know.”
“Just don’t do anything until I get back to you. I want to try to figure out how this is possible.”
“Why is that important? The fact that it is possible should be the focus. So many possibilities and so many potential applications.” Tony looked again to the sky and into his imagination.
“It’s too dangerous, Tony. Just wait. Want another drink?”
“Stupid questions, Levi? That’s so unlike you. Hand me the bottle, you idiot.”
“I’m no idiot, Tony. Sometimes, you get as many answers with stupid questions as you do with smart ones.”
Tony looked at me curiously, slid off the log and sat in the mud. Then he took a good, long gulp. “You worry me sometimes, son.”
It was a stupid question but Tony’s answer was very informative. He chose the drink. He didn’t want to go home yet. With the afternoon sun on his face and the river in front of him, he basked momentarily in the freedom and solitude of independent thought. No wedding plans. No training regimen. Just the wind in his hair and birdsong in his ears. A brief reprieve from the pressure in order to feel the sweet ecstasy of silence and solitude. Yeah, Tony’s answer gave me a lot of information and he didn’t even know it. 
“You know, Tasha would probably love to come out here with you.”
“Yeah, I know. But she only wants to talk about the wedding these days. I don’t think we’ve had a single non-marital conversation since we started this stuff. I miss the way it was…like on the island. Don’t get me wrong. This is what I want more than anything but I’ll be happy when it’s over and Tasha and I can be ourselves again. I just need a break from it once in a while, that’s all.”
“Maybe she does too,” I said maybe a little too judgmentally.
Tony looked at me and back over the river. “You’re right, I know. It probably sounds selfish but I hadn’t thought about that? She probably needs it more than I do.” He thought for short while and startled me when he jumped up. “Thanks, Levi. I gotta go! Wait here. It’s time you two met.”
An hour later, Tony and Tasha returned but I had already left. They sat in the mud and talked. At first Tasha seemed tense as if she knew she had other things she knew she needed to do. Eventually, however, she started feeling the afternoon sun on her face and forgot about the wedding for a while. They joked and laughed and threw mud at each other like they had back on the island. They waded in the water at the edge of the river and spent the night beside a fire under a crescent moon as they watched the diamond sprinkled water flow past.


Chapter 19: Wedding Bells
***
The months rolled by and Tony became increasing proficient in martial arts. No one could beat him. The lead instructor had nothing more he could teach. He enlisted the help of an old friend of his; a frail, Asian man of eighty something years. The teaching style of this Sensei Yuki Matsumuro was completely different than the Marines. He taught focus and concentration. Tony was blind folded and assaulted. 
“First, listen with your ears. Then learn to see with your ears. Then you will see with your mind,” he would repeatedly say as he thumped Tony on the forehead. The strange protocols that Tony was put through seemed ridiculous at first but soon he realized their purpose. Much like the Marine program, these exercises were designed to teach the body to react before the mind can. Human thought processes are usually lengthier than the time a person has to react to any given situation. Disassociation of thought from the conscious mind frees the body to react more rapidly. Tony’s body knew how to react in any given situation but thinking about it slowed his body down. Conscious thought was a limitation to reaction. He learned well and trained hard. Even blindfolded, Tony was never struck by any of his Marine assailants. In his mind; he could see them attack, predict their movements, and vanquish them with ease. Only once did he falter. While he was engaged in a melee with three Marines, his mind suddenly pictured several women. These were same women he had seen in his dreams during hell week in Pensacola. The women he felt he knew but of whom he had no memory. That brief distraction got his butt kicked. He wondered why these women appeared only when he was in a semiconscious state. Where they actual memories buried deep in his subconscious? He just didn’t know. He went home to Natasha and got an unwanted back rub.
***
About a month before the wedding, Tony saw a side of Tasha that he had never seen before. She had been working as tirelessly on the wedding as Tony had been working in training. When she asked him if he wanted to add anyone to the final guest list, he gave his usual response without really hearing the question. “Whatever you think, dear.”
“Tony, don’t you even care about this wedding?” she burst out as she threw the list on the coffee table. “Did it ever occur to you that I might need your help? I’ve been doing everything while you play helicopter pilot with Charlie and play Soldier with your friends.” Sitting down beside him, she placed her face in her hands and appeared to be near breakdown.
Tony had just sat down on the sofa and was still somewhat in an ‘out of body’ state of mind. He had just returned from a practice fight with five Marines and hadn’t yet returned to his fully conscious frame of mind. He was almost afraid to touch her but he reached over and put his hand on her back. Not knowing how to react to emotions was normal for him. He suspected that any response that he normally would have, would probably be wrong. So, instead of running screaming from the room, he pulled her to him and apologized.
“I’m sorry, Tasha. I didn’t realize this was so hard on you. I actually thought you and Jessica had it under control and you were enjoying it. I guess I haven’t been the most attentive of boyfriends. I do care very much about this wedding and I do care about the details. I just think that your decisions are probably better than mine on so many levels. If it were up to me, we would be getting married naked on our island with fish being served immediately after the nuptials.”
“I didn’t mean to yell at you, Tony. I’ve just been so stressed lately. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have taken it out on you,” she whispered as her eyes filled with tears.
“Shhh, don’t apologize. You’re right. I haven’t taken enough responsibility. I’ll do better…I promise. I always keep my promises to you, Tasha.” Tony pulled her head to his chest and glanced over at the guest list. Picking it up, he saw a numbered list of names. Ninety of them. Only a few he recognized. “Who are all these people?”
Natasha sniffled and looked up. Her temporary break was quickly forgotten and she took the paper from him. “They are friends, friends of friends, family of friends, and so on.”
Tony reached took the list from her and perused it briefly. “Rear Admiral Hazard is coming? I didn’t think she would have time to go to an absolute strangers wedding.”
“She is invited. Well…she is if I ever get the invitations out. I did not expect so many…”
“Neither did I,” Tony interrupted.
“Jessica just kept adding people…Charlie too,” she said passing the blame.
“It’s okay. There’s plenty of room as long as it doesn’t rain. Even if it does, the house has probably seen bigger parties. How many of these are kids?” Tony couldn’t imagine having that many people there without having kids to play with. Adults get boring real quick. A good game of kickball or hide and go seek always gives him an escape from the old people. As the groom, though, he didn’t expect that he would be allowed to escape the attention of the ninety people that he didn’t know attending his wedding.
“Ten that I know of.”
“That’s not even enough for one side of a football game. I have an idea. Add twenty seven kids and five chaperones to that list. I don’t have all the names but we don’t really need them, do we? I’ll take care of entertainment and food for the all the kids.”
“Where are you going to get twenty seven kids?”
“There’s an orphanage that I’ve kind of been funding since we found the gold. It would be a good outing for them.”
Natasha looked at Tony with surprise. “You give money to an orphanage? Why did not you ever tell me?”
“It just never came up. That doesn’t help you much. Tell me what I can do to help with the wedding. I want to help.”
***
Tony had gone as far as he could with his ‘hand to hand’ martial arts training. He asked Senseii Matsumuro to instruct him in the ways of the sword. Japanese Samurai and their code of Bushido had always been a particular fascination for him. Matsumuro was only too willing to continue his lessons with his eager young protégé. Beginning with wooden swords, Tony practiced simple techniques. The use of real swords was soon to follow. The only real problem was the lack of opponents to try his new skills against. Only Matsumuro was adept with the sword but he was eighty years old. Although still agile and a match for most people, his speed and reaction time had been slowed by the inevitable scourge of time. Matsumuro taught Tony to see the art in the perfect slice. Every arc of the blade and every motion of Tony’s body became a dance of intricate depth. A clean diagonal cut of a rose stem when executed properly, left the stem appearing attached long after the blade has passed through it. The rose hung in time and space and refused to accept death for as long as it could. Then it slid from its perch in a fluid, almost poetic, fall parallel to its separated part. The rose stem falls to the ground and stands beside its former perch as if re-planting itself. Inevitably, though, the Rose falls sideways and becomes Natasha’s gift. The cut on its stem is perfect, clean, unbruised, and ready for a drink of water from the vase of her choosing. The rose is still not dead. The ‘art’ of self-defense is not killing the subject; something which Tony would have to work harder. The frailty of the human body made it easier to kill than not to kill. Killing was easy. Incapacitating but not killing took skill.
Charlie helicopter flying lessons were going well too. This was Tony’s favorite part of training. It wasn’t really working at all. It was pure fun. Charlie and Tony joked and played most of the time. They flew over Tony and Tasha’s island every trip and he briefly flashed back to that time of innocent, peaceful bliss. In his third week of flying, Charlie let him take an Apache helicopter for a spin over the airfield. It was amazing. The helmet controlled several of the major pieces of weaponry. Tony need only to turn his head and look at a target and the guns mounted on the exterior of the plane would point the same direction. With a pull of the trigger, he could obliterate whatever he looked at. Of course, no live fire rounds were used. The ‘obliteration’ was strictly imaginary. And the agility and speed of the craft left Tony in awe. He could soar the length of the field in less than a second, roll around in a split second, then do it again. It was like a fine thoroughbred running back and forth in a corral that’s much too small. Charlie, predicting Tony’s impulse to ‘jump the fence,’ made him promise that he would respect the parameters of this test flight. It took all Tony’s will power not to bolt into the open air in front of him. After that flight, all subsequent flights in the training transport felt like he was flying in a hot air balloon. And after each day of flying, he returned to selecting ice sculptures, choosing floral arrangements or a dozen other decisions that he really had no opinion. Chocolate or spice for the wedding cake? He didn’t really care. Well, spice cake would have to be the answer to that one but most of the other choices…he honestly didn’t care. Natasha wanted him to be involved, so he acted like he really had an opinion. He wasn’t complaining, though. In fact, he loved it but the ordinary, mundane responsibility of a soon to be husband was very different from the adrenaline rush that he got nearly every day at work. It was like he was playing two very different parts in the same play. A play in which he had yet to write his marriage vows.
***
“I have a surprise for you,” Tony said as he walked into the bridal chamber an hour before the wedding.
Several girls inhaled deeply as if some secret they were sharing had just been found out. “You’re not supposed to see the bride before the wedding, Tony.” Maria, Jessica, and Natasha were the only ones not upset by the intrusion. In fact, they looked as if they expected it. Tony wondered if his being unconventional was becoming too predictable. ‘Maybe I should follow the rules once in a while to mess with their heads.’
“I know. Yet another convention footed firmly in the fertile soil of illogic upturned by the whimsical fancy of a self-proclaimed mad man. Could we have a minute alone before the wedding? I have something very important to show her.” Maria smiled at him and ushered the other ladies out.
“You mess her hair up and I’ll put your balls in a paper shredder,” Jessica whispered a she leaned in to him.
“Nicely phrased. I’ll keep that in mind.” Tony said as he pushed her out the door, shutting it softly. Turning around, he took a good look at Tasha. The first he had seen her since that morning. She was absolutely ravishing. Jessica had attempted to dye her hair blonde. With her naturally dark hair, the dye didn’t take quite right and left her with a bright, strawberry blonde colored hair. Goldilocks curls hung to the either side of her face and kinky curls hung far down the back of her white laced wedding gown. The tan skin of her face was lit up by the reflection of the chandelier. Her glowing dress radiated a white aura around her. The strawberry blonde locks of her hair melted into the picture as if in a painting. On her face, the sweetest smile that he had ever seen pulled at him like a magnet. “You are so beautiful, Tasha.” He knew those simple words were too inadequate to compliment the true magnitude of her beauty but it was all his overwhelmed mind could relay. “I suppose I can’t kiss you, can I?”
“No. Jessica might kill you if you messed up my makeup.”
Tony walked up to her and stood silently as he looked into the eyes of the women he loved. This was the woman he was going to spend the rest of his life with. The woman he would spend a thousand lifetimes with if it he could manipulate time. He knew that he, above all others, was the luckiest man on earth.
“What did you want to show me, baby?” she asked breaking him from his trance.
“Oh yeah. Do you remember about two weeks ago, I told you that I had a special gift for you? I want to give it to you now.” She nodded her head and Tony saw curiosity and anticipation in her eyes along with the adoration that he always saw. Tony slowly walked to the door and opened it. A tall, pale skinned, dark haired man with a four year old boy stood on the other side. Natasha’s mouth dropped open. The man stepped in and Tony shut the door.
“Niko, you are here! How?” she said in Ukrainian as she rushed over and hugged him. “And baby Dema. How is my little brother doing?” She picked up her baby brother not worrying about her dress or hair or anything. She gave him a long kiss on his cheek. “How did you get here?” she asked her older brother.
“Janus invited us. Father couldn’t make it. It was too difficult for him to get in the country anonymously but he sent a letter with me. We should only speak English. It would bring less attention to me. I am not here legally as you probably imagined. I am to be your cousin Sergei and this is Pavel. We are your cousins…not your brothers if you should be asked. The discovery of my true identity would be unfortunate.”
“How long can you stay?” she asked kissing Dema again.
“Just today, I am certain you have other things to concern yourself with on your honeymoon.” Tony and he had talked about his staying longer but Nicholas didn’t want to endanger them in any way. Showing up at the Colonel’s house was risky enough. He had gotten Nicholas’ promise not to talk to any of the guests, especially the Colonel or any of the high ranking Officers. Tony knew that if Brandywine ever found out that he had invited a KGB operative into his house, he would freak at the very least. Aiding a Russian spy was nothing less than treason by any definition. It was risky but he knew it would make Natasha happy. “Congratulations, little sister. You look beautiful.” He handed her the letter from their father but told her not to read it yet. “If I know you, you will cry and ruin your makeup. It can wait.” Turning to Tony, he said, “Tony Russo, we must get together and talk more when you’re not quite so occupied. Thank you for bringing me here.” The truth is, Nicholas had gotten into the United States on his own. Tony, using his self-assigned moniker Janus and Natasha’s secret coding device, had just invited him and picked him up at the airport. Nicholas looked back at Tasha then back to Tony. “I am happy for you both. Natasha told me a great deal about you. I am sure we can be good friends.”
***
Tony stood on the second level veranda looking down at the gazebo beneath the giant oak. The brilliant white walls and towering columns of the house stood as mighty sentries guarding the Colonel’s plantation. The gazebo itself was ornate with white and blue flowers of all kinds. White icicle lights for the night’s festivities were woven through the lattice and dangled nearly invisibly over the Alter. Rows of white chairs lined the front of the podium like a field of gravestones. An aisle of white fabric separated the gravestones into two equal parts. The skies were cloudless and a relatively cool breeze washed over the hundred and thirty seven sweating guests that mingled throughout the premises. Parasols and hand fans were available to the ladies that desired them. Tony had thought that a bit cheesy but Jessica had insisted on it. She had wanted to give the celebration a true plantation theme. Remarkably, the ladies grabbed the fans and parasols with excitement and even mimicked old Southern mannerisms. Since Jessica insisted on that, Tony demanded his own concession…horse and buggy’s…which Jessica whole heartedly approved. In order for the yard not to become a giant parking lot, the guests had been ferried by seven teams of horse and carriage from a makeshift parking lot a half mile away at the entrance of the newly cobbled driveway. The simple sounds of horses neighing and the clippety clop of their hoofs on the cobble stones began transitioning the guests into the past. As they rounded the bend and looked down the oak lined driveway to the spectacularly white mansion with its elegant double level porch and great round columns, the transition was complete.
Tony’s orphan children and the children of the guests played kickball and football at the edge of the closest alfalfa field in the back yard. A Peter Pan puppet show was staged nearby for the kids too young to play ball. At the edge of a cotton field, croquet and badminton were being enthusiastically attempted by older people that had long ago forgotten how to play. The sounds of kids laughing, playing, and people talking lofted through the air on a warm, gentle breeze. The same breeze that carried the smell burning wood from the fire pit and honeysuckles growing on the trellises below Tony. He was now fully dressed in his dress white Lieutenants uniform brilliantly reflecting the sun. Nicholas stood by his side.
Colonel Brandywine, dressed in his Marine dress uniform loaded with medals, walked out to the gazebo rang a triangle bell. It was two o’clock. “Time for dinner,” Tony said jokingly.
“I thought dinner was served after the ceremony” Nicholas remarked.
“Yeah, I was kidding. That bell is normally used to call the workers to eat.” Tony looked at Nicholas and saw a confused look. “Never mind. He’s signaling the start of the ceremony. I guess we should take our places on the stage. The grand play is about to begin.”
The throng of guests began migrating to the gravestones as the children were shepherded away from the playground. Tony could see their disappointment at having to stand quietly with the grownups. Tony stood at the Alter with Charlie to his right. Nicholas and baby Dema stood to Charlie’s right. Colonel Brandywine waited at the end of the aisle to walk Natasha to the dais. Looking over the crowd, Tony saw a few familiar faces. Commander Farley and his wife from Pensacola were there along with Alex Sandifer. He hadn’t spotted Randi Rowland, though. That was a bit disappointing. His Marine buddies were there along with Senseii Matsumuro. Agents Morris and Donovan were standing at the fringes of the crowd and were still dressed in their stuffy black suits. They had recently been reassigned back to Natasha’s observation/protection detail by the State Department. A lot of dress uniforms colored the congregation white for the Navy and blue for the Marines. They were the same colors as the floral arrangements, only the flowers were a lighter blue. That was Jessica’s idea. It worked well.
A signal was given and Tasha came around the corner on the porch and walked to the steps leading down to the yard and stopped. Four bride’s maids lifted the train of her gown and Natasha descended the stairs heading for the aisle. Once there, Brandywine took her arm in his and walked down the aisle as two young girls threw red flower petals down in front of them. Tony gazed into her eyes as she slowly came closer. Every time he saw her, he thought she was even more beautiful than before. This was her shining moment. She would probably never again go through so much trouble to look this beautiful ever. And she was just that…beautiful. No other word could describe her with justice. That one word encompassed all the nuances and ways in which she took Tony’s breath away. Radiant and proud, she stepped up beside Tony never taking her eyes from his.
“We are gathered here…” The preacher started, breaking them out of their bubble. “…to join these two…blah, blah, blah.”
Tony and Tasha’s eyes met again and everything and everyone vanished.
“Do you…” ‘Here comes the good part,’ Tony thought. “…Natasha Romani Ledkenski take…” ‘Romani…Romanov? Could she be related to the former Tsars of Russia? He cut a glance at the Colonel and saw a shocked, confused look briefly cover his face with a slight smile following. All the others, except for Jessica, looked at the preacher. ‘She already knew?’ “…take Antonio Dell Russo as your lawful wedded husband? To have and to hold, for better or for worse, so as long as you both shall live?” Tony looked around behind him. People were checking their invitations. The names Lieutenant Vito Mazzi and Sandra Duvall were printed on them. ‘They must think they came to the wrong wedding,’ he thought. Natasha thought the same thing and they smiled at each other, barely containing a laugh.
“I do!”
“Do you Antonio…yadda, yadda, yadda…for as long as you both shall live?”
“I do!”
“I believe you both have written vows for one another,” the minister said and stepped backwards.
Tasha spoke first and gave a soliloquy that melted Tony’s heart. She touched on every feeling and emotion that she felt and every female eye in the audience watered up and they fell in love with Tony through her words; even though most didn’t know who these two people were. When she concluded, Tony stood entranced. Silence consumed the gathering with the exception of an occasional sniffle. Charlie nudged Tony bringing him back out of the sanctuary of Natasha’s bright, loving eyes. He looked down at the paper cradled in his hand and was embarrassed by his inadequacy in expressing himself. The paper crumpled in his fist and, glaring deeply in her soul, he said, “Ditto!”
The crowd seemed both amused and disappointed but Tasha continued her gaze into Tony’s eyes while her smile grew even wider and more enticing. The left corner of her mouth imperceptibly curved up and her left eye squinted slightly as if she understood Tony’s dilemma. Still, she leaned to Tony and softly whispered, “What is ditto?” Her smile was remarkably similar to that of the Mona Lisa’s and Tony began to speculate but the minister interrupted.
“By the power vested in me by our Lord Jesus Christ, I now pronounce you man and wife. You may kiss the bride.”
As Tony lifted her veil, the depth of her gaze became apparent to him. It was as if she was once again looking into Tony’s soul. This time, he didn’t cross his eyes or attempt to distract her. He whole heartedly let her in to his deepest sanctum as he fell face first into hers.
As their faces approach each other her eyes slowly closed. She whispered, “I will love you longer than forever.”
Tony, recognizing the words from the wedding song from Blue Hawaii, responded, “Promise me that you will leave me never.” Their lips met.
The kiss lasted longer than Charlie’s desire to stay at the Alter any longer. Charlie tapped his shoulder then nudged Tony and Tasha back up the aisle. The world reappeared and all the world tried to hug and congratulate them. As they ran away from the throngs of well-wishers, they were pelted with the traditional…birdseed?
“Why are they throwing birdseed at us?” Tony asked Tasha as they both shielded their faces.
“It was Jessica’s idea. Rice is not good for birds or squirrels or something. Ask her.”
Tony had thought the rice thing came when the bride and groom were leaving after the reception for the honeymoon. ‘Probably, another of Jessica’s ideas,’ Tony thought. Or maybe he was wrong. He had never been to an actual wedding before. But the honeymoon had to wait a gazillion more hours while Tony and Natasha mingled and charmed all the strangers that came to the wedding. They ran around the corner of the house and into the front door.
***
The reception was absolutely regal. Tony and Tasha performed the traditional wedding dance to Louis Armstrong’s ‘What a Wonderful World’. After that, she danced with Brandywine. As they moved around the dance floor, Tony thought it looked like a third grade father/daughter dance with the dad towering over his little girl. Tony waited to see if she would stand on his feet as they moved around the floor. He saw Brandywine whisper to her, probably asking about her name. She had been Sandy for so long that it must be difficult for him to see her as a Natasha. That was okay, though. Tony didn’t want the name Natasha to be used anymore by him or the others. He would have to have a talk with all of them soon.
***
When the Colonel’s and Tasha’s dance ended, she rejoined Tony and walked with him to where Charlie and Jessica were standing. Taking Jessica’s hand, he kissed the back while he looked deeply in her eyes. “I’ve been waiting for this moment all afternoon.” Then he turned to Charlie and asked, “May I have this dance?” and reached for his hand.
“I thought you’d never ask.”
As Tony led Charlie onto the dance floor, all eyes turned to them. “Shall we tango?” Charlie asked as he plucked a rose from a table and put it between his teeth.
“Tango…my dear boy,” Tony yelled to the DJ. When the music started, they immediately threw their heads back and began moving across the dance floor. Jessica and Tasha could not control their laughter. Soon, Jessica led Tasha to the dance floor and the followed suit doing their own tango. The rest of the guests either laughed or looked shocked but soon the dance floor was full of people having fun. Tony switched partners with Natasha and stood toe to toe with Jessica for a slow dance. “Thank you, Jessica. The wedding was perfect.” He knew Tasha had done most of the work but Jessica had been the guiding force. He didn’t really know what Ukrainian customs were but they had to be different. It was his hope that some of those customs would be incorporated into this ceremony but Natasha refused. She wanted an authentic American wedding. They could always go to Ukraine and do it again someday for her father, she told him.
“It had to be perfect. Natasha deserves nothing less.” She looked into Tony’s eyes. “You deserve nothing less.”
“You seem pretty comfortable with her new name.”
“She told me her name a long time ago but we never told Charlie. He’s probably razzing her about it over there.
***
Nicholas became something of a novelty to the ladies in the room. He was charming and well versed in the social seduction of military wives. He was careful not to stand out too much, though. Tony watched as ‘Sergei’ worked the room and was truly impressed. He could learn a lot from Nicholas. True to his word, Nicholas stayed away from high ranking Officers and their wives. But the Colonel could not be avoided.
Brandywine walked up to Tony as he and Nicholas were chatting. “Tony, I don’t believe I’ve had the pleasure,” he said and extended his hand to Nicholas.
“My apologies, sir. Colonel Brandywine, this is Sergei…” Nicholas hadn’t told him what his last name was to be “…Natasha’s cousin from Brighton Beach.” Tony knew he should have gotten more information from Nicholas before the wedding. Brighton Beach in New York City had a large Russian population and Tony was relatively sure that would be enough for the Colonel. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Sergei. Welcome to my home. I hope you are enjoying yourself.”
“Yes, sir. I am. You have a lovely home.” Tony detected a slight change in Nicholas’ accent. Was he changing his accent to mimic Brighton Beach Russians, Tony wondered? How remarkable.
“Thank you. I hope we have more time to talk later. If you’ll excuse me, I should see to our other guests.” Tony felt uneasy. His instincts told him that Brandywine was suspicious but he wasn’t sure if it was the usual Russian distrust or something more. Nicholas felt the same.
“Your Colonel sensed something was not right. He is a very shrewd man. Perhaps I should make an exit.” He paused and asked Tony, “How did you know my cover was to be a Brighton Beach Russian?”
“I didn’t.”
Nicholas looked at him closely but said nothing.
“I didn’t know your pretend last name either. You almost became Sergei Smirnoff. It’s a very well respected name on college campuses all over the country. Don’t worry about Brandywine. Just mingle and have fun. You’re doing great. But do try to avoid him if you can. When Natasha and I get ready to leave, I’ll let you know. I’ll tell the Colonel we’re taking you to the airport but we’ll go somewhere safe for you and Tasha to talk. Where's Dema?”
“He is with Natasha and her friends. He is better with the ladies than I am, I think. Who is that man over there?” he asked pointing to a portly, greasy skinned man staring their way.
“I don’t know. He must be on the guest list.”
“He looks familiar. I’m sure I have seen him before but I know not where.” Tony sensed Nicholas was becoming pensive and uncomfortable. Nicholas’ penetrating eyes stared the man into submission and the strange man turned his attention elsewhere pretending to be interested in a tray of peppered shrimp.
“Do you think he knows you?” Tony asked in a whisper.
“He was not looking at me. He was looking at you. His eyes looked at me only for a second. When he saw he me looking at him, he turned away. Strange. Find out who he is!”
“No problem. Can we eat first?”


Chapter 20: The Wedding Crashers
***
Dinner was set up in the grand dining room. Since there obviously wasn’t enough place settings for the number of guests, an abundant buffet was set up. Everyone could prepare their plates and wander off to wherever they wanted. The centerpiece of the entree table was an ice sculpture of a naked man and woman atop a winged stallion. The stallion was reared up and its wings outstretched nearly six feet and appeared as if it was just landing. Large bowls of sliced fruit and vegetables of all kinds lay beneath catching the cold melt water from the dripping wings. Bunches of juicy red and seedless green grapes draped the base of the statue and flowed outward giving the scene a feel of cornucopia. At each end of the table were finger sandwiches and tray upon tray of shrimp cocktail and finger foods which would occasionally be walked around the other rooms and outside by the wait staff. For the main courses, caterers worked tirelessly in the kitchen preparing: fried chicken, baked potatoes, bread, rice, beans, macaroni and cheese, potato salad, macaroni salad, and a dozens of other side dishes. Most of the vegetables had been picked fresh from the fields around them, grown especially for the occasion. Peach and cherry cobblers, banana pudding, pecan pies, cherries jubilee, and a whole plethora of delightful desserts were arranged on a separate station.
In the hundred and eighty year old, above ground, brick pit; a whole pig had been cooking in hickory smoke for nearly twelve hours. Various Jamaican spices had been rubbed over it to create a true authentic eighteenth century Jamaican barbeque. On the adjacent grill: porterhouses, sirloins, barbeque chicken, hamburgers, and hotdogs for the kids sizzled over hot charcoals. Large white wicker chairs with small adjoining tables lined the porch on all sides of the house on both levels. Twenty two large round tables covered in white table cloths; each with glass, winged stallion centerpiece now occupied the space where the guests had sat for the ceremony. Glossed paper menus were distributed and people were served wherever they ordered; whether from the tables, the house, or the porch. The music of Tchaikovsky, Chopin, and Rachmaninoff was piped softly through a number of small hidden speakers throughout the house and yards. Had the guests been wearing nineteenth century formal wear, the whole scene would have appeared to be straight from Jane Austen’s Pride and Prejudice.
The caterers and everything had cost Tony a fortune but the service and ambiance of an old plantation gala was excellent and well worth it. Once, the Colonel had asked Tony where all the money was coming from and Tony froze for only a second. He told him it came from Sandy’s father. Tony looked around and everything was perfect. People laughed and joked and children bounced around in the playground or ran around the house playing. The sky was bright blue with only a few billowy white clouds crossing. Then he saw Tasha still in her wedding dress trying to eat barbeque chicken. ‘This should be good for a laugh,’ he thought. He walked over and ate with her. Natasha had brought a change of clothes but wanted to stay in her wedding dress a little longer. Tony had forgotten to bring any change of clothes at all. Football or baseball was out of the question for him but croquet and badminton was a suitable alternative. ‘But that seems so British,’ Tony thought. ‘I wonder if I could get through the wall passages without getting dirty.’ Why not? I can always just say I got dirty playing with the kids. Natasha managed to eat miraculously without getting anything on her dress but managed to get sauce on Tony’s uniform. Eventually, Tasha told Jessica that she needed her help to change. Tony stood as they left then looked around. ‘Now, where’s Charlie?’
***
Five minutes later, Charlie and Tony were in the cellar beneath the kitchen. Charlie had just been finishing another plate full of barbeque pork when Tony pulled him away from the food. “What are we doing down here? And why in hell are you taking your clothes off. You didn’t take that Tango thing too serious did you?”
“I want to show you something.”
“That’s still not very comforting, Tony.”
“I don’t want to get my uniform dirty. Here’s your gun. Hold the lantern for me please.” Charlie picked up the lantern and took the little, lime green, fully loaded water gun from Tony’s hand.
“Nice,” he said still not knowing what Tony had in mind. Tony placed his carefully folded uniform in a plastic bag and put it on a dusty wooden shelf. In only his boxer briefs and t-shirt and armed with a fifty cent water gun, Tony opened the doorway to the secret passage. He heard Charlie say, “Awesome!”
“This leads to a hub under the stairs and from there passages go throughout the house. Every room has a way to spy into it.”
“Does the Colonel know about this?”
“Yeah. We found it Christmas Day right after I got back from Parris Island. That’s when we found those journals I told you about. Come on,” Tony said and entered the damp, earthen corridor. Climbing up into the room under the stairs, he looked in the corner for the slave family but no one was there. Charlie soon followed and was led to the peep hole past the fireplace. Tony climbed up and removed the eyes from the woman in the painting and peered out into the parlor. It was pretty crowded and Tony saw Nicholas directly below him with one arm raised and his hand on the wall. Someone was between Nicholas and the wall but Tony couldn’t see who it was. He heard a girlish giggle and saw Nicholas smile.
“Sergei is hitting on someone,” Tony told Charlie.
“Who is Sergei, anyway?” Charlie asked.
“Sandy’s cousin.”
“You mean Natasha?”
“I’ll explain that later. Man, Sergei can charm the ladies.”
“Who’s he hitting on?”
The woman spoke and Tony was sure he recognized the voice but he couldn’t quite place it. When she spoke again, he got it. It was Maria Mallory. Natasha’s brother was putting the moves on Maria. It wasn’t surprising, really. She was, by far, the most beautiful woman in the room. With the exception of Natasha, she was the most beautiful girl on the premises.
“He’s hitting on Jessica,” he answered with a devious smile.
“What! Let me see,” Charlie said and pulled Tony roughly from the wooden rungs.
“Shhh. Not so loud. I’m just kidding. It’s Maria! I think Jessica’s up in the changing room with Tasha. That’s our next stop. I haven’t been to that room through the passages but I’m sure we can find it. I think I got splinters in my feet when you pulled me down.”
“My apologies, ma’am. Where to now?”
“To the land of dreams, my friend. Go back to the hub and we’ll explore the other passages. First, I want to interrupt Sergei’s romantic liaison.” Tony climbed back up and fired a quick stream of water into Nicholas’ face and promptly replaced the eyes in the painting. He heard nothing from Nicholas but caught a faint burst of laughter from Maria. He shouldn’t but for some reason he felt a bit protective of the beautiful Lt. Mallory. Somewhere along the way he gained a sense of responsibility for her. He didn’t really understand why.
After that, they backtracked to the stair hub. Tony took the lead. He noticed a new set of footprints that he assumed was the Colonels. Brandywine apparently had explored the passages since they discovered them Christmas day. No surprise there but Tony noticed that he had carefully avoided stepping on Samuels footprints. He hadn’t wanted to destroy the evidence of Samuel’s existence. Tony relayed the information to Charlie. “Be absolutely careful not to step on the sneaker footprints. They’re a connection between Brandywine and his son.”
They traveled up the rough wood ladder and into the second floor hub. Tony quickly looked to see if his escaped slave friends were there but they were not. Going the opposite way that he and Brandywine had traveled before, away from his dead son and wife’s room: they traversed several chimneys, what appeared to be a nineteenth century changing room, a hallway filled with dingy dusty rebel flags and rifles, and a corridor that was apparently a monument to arachnid textiles. Sweeping away the silky webs with broad arm strokes, they arrived at the west wing of the structure where Tony knew the girls room to be. A cursory wave of the flashlight revealed several short ladders about fifteen feet apart. Each one had some type of covering that concealed the viewing point into their perspective rooms. The final one contained the riches for which they had so diligently sought. Natasha was sitting on the edge of the bed in lacy underclothes and Jessica was attired likewise as she tried on some of the old 1960’s clothing that still hung in the closet presumably from previous homestead galas. Little Dema played with Natasha’s wedding veil in the middle of the floor pretending that no one could see him when he was cloaked under it.
“What do you see?” Charlie asked expectantly.
“See for yourself,” Tony replied as he moved over keeping one foot on the ladder.
Charlie clumsily hoisted himself up and peered through the openings. “Yeah buddy!” he said with delight. “Should they be changing in front of the boy?”
“He’s four years old. If anything it’ll help him develop an appreciating for what the female form should look like. Jessica’s pretty hot. She should wear a thong like that at the pool,” Tony baited Charlie.
“Sandy’s no slouch herself but I saw more from the chopper when y’all were dancin’ around in your birthday suits on the island. I wonder if I can get her to stand up.”
“Wait! Let’s have some fun with the kid first.” Tony pushed Charlie’s head over with his own and quickly looked into the room. Dema was playing peek-a-boo with the wall or something on the wall directly below Tony peepholes. With his right eye watching through the left hole and the water gun pointed through the other, Tony waited until the boy peeked out of his shroud and fired a cold jet of water that hit the boy right in the mouth. Dema coughed and sputtered but the women were too consumed with their conversation to notice. Dema with his four year old imagination quickly realized that he had been assaulted by an unknown attacker while unconcealed by his protective cloak. He quickly pulled it over his face.
“You try it. Wait until he unveils and zap him. Right now he’s trying to figure out what happened,” Tony said as he moved over for Charlie. Dema, questioning if the attack had happened at all, slowly lifted the veil to challenge his invisible assailant again only to get a pulse of water across the top of his forehead. Promptly, he retreated again under his veil. He immediately began blabbering Ukrainian and ran to Natasha with the lacy shroud streaming behind him.
“Got him!” Charlie said with pride.
Tony took up position again and saw Tasha trying to calm the child while he pointed at the wall. Jessica joined them and all stared at the wall as if waiting for some apparition to appear. Tony also knew it wouldn’t take Tasha too long to figure out that he was back there. He instructed Charlie to line his gun up with the huddled group as he did the same. “Fire at will!” They pumped the little triggers until the water chambers emptied. Tony and Charlie couldn’t see what was happening inside the room but heard the squeals and screams of the women and the vindicated laughter of a little boy that moments before had been told there was nothing there. Tony and his buddy laughed raucously and made the mistake to each put one of their delicate, fragile, optical orbs back into the peering holes. Jessica was there and stuck a finger into each eye. Charlie and Tony fell back slipping from the ladder and crashed butt first to the floor; their backs sliding down the opposite wall. Each rubbed an eye; Tony his right, Charlie his left. After the crashing sound of bodies plummeting in the tiny expanse died down, Tony heard the muffled cry of his name coming from Natasha and her subsequent scolding of Jessica.
“Son of a…why does she have to have ten inch fingernails? I think she hit my retina,” Tony cried out as his eye watered profusely.
“I think it’s for just such occasions as this. Fortunately I’m right eye dominant. I can still fly without my left one. I think it’s still stuck on the end of her finger.”
“I hear y’all back there. Charlie…Tony…are y’all okay? I didn’t mean to poke you that hard.”
“Is she talking to you or me? That last sentence was singular,” Tony asked.
“I think she’s talking to you. I suspect she’s wanted to do that to me for a long time. Welcome to the wonderful world of marital bliss.” Still rubbing his eye, Charlie stood and cautiously approached the peephole. “We’re okay honey. See you downstairs.” “Let’s go. It’s hot as crap in here.”
In a less than triumphant retreat, Tony looked for a secret entrance into Natasha’s dressing room but found none. He did, however, find a confined but navigable gap above what he guessed to be the large ballroom. Tony guessed more rooms were above that but had yet to see them. The ballroom was at the center of the house and contained the large spiral staircase on both sides of the room with a landing joining them overlooking the expanse. One staircase was the hub that led to the basement. If they could get through to the other side, they would cut a half hour out of their return trip and be right at the ladder leading down to the space under the stairs. He relayed the idea to Charlie and it was met with less than auspicious acclaim. Still, Charlie agreed to follow Tony up and over the ballroom. A two foot high space lined with giant crossbeams a meter apart spanned for the next sixty feet but Tony couldn’t see that far. Spider webs again ruled the tight, dusty shafts created by the crossbeams. Tony’s dying flashlight barely illuminated two meters in front of him. Thin splintered slats crossed the floor under Tony’s unprotected arms and legs but he carefully ventured forth without sustaining too many intrusions to his dirty, sweat dripping skin. Charlie had the foresight to bring a change of clothes with him but was still drenched in sweat and covered with dirt and cobwebs. The eerie muffled sounds of jazz music echoed within the space. “Jazz, really? What happened to the classical music? I hate jazz,” Tony said aloud.
“What’d you say? Can’t hear you back here,” Charlie said loudly.
“Nothing. The wooden slats stop up ahead but I think the sheet rock is strong enough to hold us if we cross one at a time and spread our bodies out evenly to distribute the weight. I think I see the slats start again about three meters from here. Wait till I get across then you follow me.” Tony looked more carefully and saw where electrical conduit ran overhead and what appeared to be a bracket of some type swung almost blocking the pathway. He surmised that a chandelier had once swung from this point but had been removed during renovations some years back. It also explained why the ceiling slats had been removed.
“What? I couldn’t hear you,” Charlie yelled back.
Tony, not hearing Charlie, continued forward and was nearly to the reinforced slatted ceiling when he felt the sheet rock bow slightly and begin to creak. Quickly looking as best he could behind him, he glimpsed Charlie already on the sheet rock with him. “Charlie! Back up! I said one at a time!” Tony yelled a split second before it gave way and the ceiling crashed to the floor twenty feet below them. The people below had heard the creaking and yelling and moved from the floor just as the ceiling and Charlie crashed to the deck. Tony had grabbed at the slat in front of him and got a precarious grasp of it; enough so that he was vertically hanging from the ceiling for only a moment. As his body swung down in an arc, his grip failed him and he landed on his back with a dusty thud on top of the crushed ceiling remains scattered about the marble tiled floor. With a groan, Tony looked up slowly. Charlie was on his hands and knees with his head hung down.
“Are you okay?” Tony asked.
Charlie coughed and replied, “Yeah. The marble floor broke my fall.”
“See…this way was a lot quicker,” Tony coughed as he slowly sat up on his elbow and took a survey of his bones. Remarkably no serious damage but his back felt as if he had just fallen twenty feet onto a stone floor. Oh right, he had.
Ladies around the room clutched their chest in shock. The men looked curious but unnerved. A few of Tony and Charlie’s Marine buddies poured themselves another drink and smiled at the dynamic duo. Nicholas stood at the doorway with an odd but knowing smile. Now he knew from whence the squirt of water came. Maria postured beside him shaking her head and attempting to hide her gorgeous smile.
Colonel Brandywine entered the room and bellowed, “What in the hell is going on…” but stopped when he saw Tony and Charlie on the floor with dust, cobwebs and broken ceiling all over them. “I should have known,” was all he said as he looked up at the ceiling then back down to the boys.
Hearing the din downstairs, Natasha and Jessica threw on a pair of plush white robes and, followed by little Dema, ran to the head of the stairs; stopping on the landing. Seeing the two were alright, Natasha relaxed as Jessica stood there shaking her head. Looking down at her husband lying in his underwear covered in the rubble the former ceiling, she smiled. In a much more Slavic than usual accent, she said, “Ladies and gentlemen…may I present to you my new husband.”
Tony gave a little wave. Gentle applause came from those that knew Tony and Charlie followed by that of the still confused strangers. Even the Colonel joined in but Tony could swear he saw sparks when those large palms clashed together. Charlie had managed to stand upright and was dusting himself off but Tony remained sitting rubbing the lower part of his back. “Colonel…I can explain,” He thought for a moment on all the possible explanations. He was checking for bug infestations? The structural integrity of the ceiling needed testing? He saw a little green man in a yellow polka dot bikini run into the walls with a radio to contact the mother ship? He gave up. “Never mind! I got nothing!” Just then little Dema pulled away from his sister and bounced down the stairs and jumped heavily on Tony’s lap. Tony exhaled painfully and looked into Dema’s innocent smile.
“You funny,” Dema exclaimed in English with a giggle.
***
Within the hour, both Tony and Charlie had showered and re-donned their uniforms. The caterers were kind enough to clean up the ballroom carnage and a promise was given to Tony from a Sea-Bee Sergeant friend of his that the ceiling would be replaced promptly in the morning…for a price.
Tasha, Dema, and Tony slipped away to the side of the house where Tony and the Colonel had renovated a white marble walled enclave filled with vines and statues. A winding red brick walkway followed alongside a clear, artificial stream that flowed over medium sized rocks and moss covered waterfalls. A statue of the Venus De Milo was the focal point at the center of the garden with her lost arms miraculously recovered. Tony felt that recreating the lovely lady with such a deformity as amputated limbs to be unbearable. The face he had also altered to appear more like Tasha. A three foot long wooden swing hung on a tree limb nearby. Cherubs, the Colonels choice…not Tony’s, were staggered among the greenery. Other Greek and Roman statues stood up among the shrubs and vines like frozen apparitions. A dozen large Mississippi oaks heavy with Spanish moss shaded the entire area; dropping the temperature twenty degrees from the open yard a hundred feet away. Moist greenery enveloped Tony and Tasha like a cool damp towel. Large leafed Rhododendron and Marble Ivy grew in every direction reaching out as if to shade every conceivable surface. No flowering plants were introduced to the garden except for morning glories which the Colonel insisted upon. It had been Beverly’s, his dead wife’s, favorite. As Tony looked around, he had to admit that the different white, blue, and red flowers added a great deal of charm and offset the green very well. Tony could still see evidence of the gardens recent reconstruction, however. The first level porch on the side of the house had been walled up using red brick creating an enclosed walkway. On the garden side of the wall, Ivy had been planted with the intention of it covering the entire surface. Enough time had not yet passed, of course, and the Ivy had barely begun to creep up the wall. Long strands of the vine had been fastened up the wall and appeared to be racing upwards with total disregard to filling the gaps in between. Still, Tony was impressed with the progress of the other plants. They flourished even in the dry weeks. This little isolated ecosystem created its own moisture. So much that green moss taunted the climbing Ivy as it covered the wall. Ferns that neither Tony nor the Colonel had planted, sprouted up in several places giving the garden something of a primordial aura.
“This is wonderful, Tony. You did this?” Tasha asked as she meandered through the garden gingerly caressing the leaves as if she were trying to communicate with them. Little Dema tried arduously to scale the Venus De Milo.
“Well…the Colonel and I designed it. Someone else actually did it,” He replied modestly.
“It is like a totally different world in here. Just outside these walls it’s hot and noisy. In here, it is wild and I cannot hear anything from out there. Oh, it is beautiful, Tony. I love it!” Gracefully she spun around like a dancer with her arms stretched wide and landed in the swing. Like Dema she enjoyed the garden with the mind of a child as she swung care free. She extended her arms to Tony beckoning him to her.
“I’m glad you like it,” he said contentedly as he sat beside her, favoring his newly injured spine.
Natasha put her arms around him and laid her head on his shoulder. “I’m so happy right now, Tony. I love you…my husband. Thank you.”
Tony hardy knew what to say to that. She had made him the happiest man on the planet. ‘I should be thanking her,’ he thought. “I love you too, Tsarina. I am the lucky one.” They sat in silence for a while and watched as Dema moved on to conquer the other statues in turn. Tony’s thought’s turned to having children with Natasha and I suspect Natasha’s mind was churning as well but neither broached the subject right away. They just sat in the quiet sanctuary and held each other. They sat for nearly an hour. Dema had tired and was stretched sleepily across their laps. Tony broke the silence. “I want a boy and a girl. What about you?”
Natasha slowly looked up with hopeful but apprehensive eyes. Tony guessed she was hopeful that he meant children but afraid to be wrong. “Children?” she questioned tentatively.
“Yes…children. If you want them. We haven’t really talked about it.”
She hugged him even tighter. “Yes, of course I want children. I want two boys and two girls. I always wanted a sister when I was a little girl. It was difficult growing up with only a brother. Nicholas was already grown when I was born and I was already a teenager when Dema was born. Without my mother, I guess I sort of assumed that role for him. Do you really want children?”
“I never really did before but with you, I want a hundred.”
“Well, we’ll start with one and go from there. I’m not entirely certain that I want a hundred.”
“Yeah, I guess I was going overboard as usual. Perhaps only eighty or so,” he joked as he leaned his head on hers. They looked down at Dema and dreamed.
They sat in silence in one another’s arms and joyfully anticipated the future. For a moment, Tony pictured Tasha sitting nude in the lush, green vines with her back facing him. An orange towel draped loosely over her thighs revealing only a provocative and inviting portion of her perfect, heart shaped rear end. Her newly dyed blonde hair was pulled to the front exposing her entire back. Only a hint of her classically beautiful face was showing. With her supple back and shoulders exposed, and just her hips and the top of her tantalizing rear showing, her more personal and erotic features were left to the imagination. It was a picture he would hold and cherish in his mind for the rest of his life. Why that image suddenly appeared to him, he didn’t know. He only knew that she was the most exciting and lovely woman that he would ever know and she was here with him for all eternity.
They sat there a bit longer until a few other guests discovered the garden interrupted their sanctuary. It was time to get Nicholas and Dema back to the airport anyway. Colonel Brandywine was going to Washington for a week on some Pentagon business and left the plantation to them for their honeymoon. It wasn’t a typical honeymoon but both of them looked forward to it just the same. The idea of playing house in such a grandiose fashion appealed to them both for different reasons. Natasha loved the old house and cherished the idea of being the matron of the property. Tony looked forward to continuing his exploration of the old passages within the structure and learning about the workings of the stables and farms. Visions of them sitting on the upper level porch staring out over the fields after twilight, ran through Tony’s imagination. Holding hands while a balmy breeze laced while the aromas of lilac and honeysuckle washed over them. It was a different version of paradise than the island; a bit more civilized but no less attractive.
***
After dropping Nicholas at the airport and a teary farewell by Natasha, they returned to a quiet house lit only by the porch lights and one interior lamp. The grounds and house had already been cleaned and manicured by the staff. Only the foreman that lived in a cottage at the rear of the yard was there but was snugly tucked away in his domicile for the night.
Tony carried Tasha from the car, up the steps and through the doorway. Never taking their eyes from one another, he continued on up the main stairway and placed her on the bed in one of the bedrooms not claimed by Brandywine's family ghosts.
“I forgot the wine. I’ll be right back,” he said as he kissed her softly on her forehead.
“Hurry back, Tony!” she replied as she gingerly caressed his cheek. “I love you.” she pulled his face slowly to hers and kissed him unhurriedly and gently.
Tony pulled away slowly. “I love you, too. More than I ever thought possible,” then bent down and kissed her again. “I’ll be right back. I also locked the front door by mistake. Mason and his Navy Sea-Bees’ll be here early to fix that ceiling that someone carelessly ruined. Who did that anyway? I don’t want to have to get up and let them in.”
Pulling away from her reluctantly, he finally turned and practically ran down the stairs. The red wine was already chilled and he grabbed it with a pair of crystal goblets then headed to unlock the door. When he heard a noise coming from within the walls, he abruptly stopped. He wasn’t sure if it was his imagination or not but felt compelled to check it out. Looking out the window he saw the outline of the foreman cross the window of his small house. ‘It was probably nothing,’ he thought as he continued again up the stairs. He heard it again when he brushed against the wall. Sitting the wine and glasses down on the step, he pressed his ear to the wall and listened intently…nothing. Still something pulled at him like a magnet. Perhaps it was just his compulsion to investigate or something else. He wasn’t sure why but he had to go into the passages to see what was there, if anything. Grabbing a lantern, he exited through the kitchen and descended into the basement. At the entrance to the hub, he stopped and doused the light. He listened intently once again. Hearing nothing, he slowly lifted the hatch and climbed into the room. When he turned the light back on, he saw nothing was there except the old dusty footprints on the floor and a piece of cloth that he hadn’t noticed previously hanging on the wall above his head. Red and shredded, it appeared to be a remnant of an old flag. When he touched it, the room temperature dropped forty degrees and he heard squealing and a voice come from a dark recess in the corner.
“Go away, ghost! Leave us be!” a heavily British accented voice whimpered fearfully. The sound of children whimpering and horrified woman trying to keep quiet echoed resoundingly through the room. Tony held the lantern up and saw a threadbare black family huddled together. Musket fire suddenly erupted in a horrendous volley outside.


Chapter 21: The Time Slide
***
This next episode in Tony’s life is so lengthy that I am forced to abridge it quite extensively. I apologize for this but hopefully I’ll have the chance to write it all out in detail at a later date. I hope that by telling only the high and low points that this story will not lose any of its relation to the love story between Tony and Natasha.
***
“Go away, ghost! Leave us be!” a heavily British accented voice whimpered fearfully. The sound of children whimpering and horrified woman trying to keep quiet echoed resoundingly through the small cramped space. Tony held the lantern up and saw the runaway family huddled together as the thunder of musket fire suddenly erupted in a horrific volley outside.
“I’m not a ghost. Why is there gunfire?” Tony said excitedly as his attention was drawn away from the pitiful wretched family.
“You must be a ghost. One second you were there and the next you were gone. Now you’re back again dressed in white like a ghost.”
“I never met a ghost dressed in white that I can recollect. Why is there gunfire outside?” Tony asked again just as a few meager shots rang out from within the house.
“It’s Miss Clarissa. She’s defending her home from some people that want to search it for escaped slaves…us. They don’t know we’re here but Miss Clarissa can’t let them find us or she’ll lose her house and maybe be lynched.”
“How many of them are there?” Tony asked as he looked for another way out of the wall. Since the remodeling done over the years had not occurred yet, it seemed reasonable that old access points would be readily available.
“I don’t know, Mister. Like you, we’re inside a wall,” he said showing a mischievous smile of dingy yellowed teeth.
“Yes, I suppose that’s true. I apologize but introductions will have to wait. Give me your clothes! I need to get out of this uniform.”
“My clothes, sir?”
“Yes, your clothes,” Tony hurriedly exclaimed as he began shedding his dress whites. “Is there another way into the house?”
“Yes, sir but Miss Clarissa said to stay in here and not to open it under any circumstances short of the house burning down.”
“It’ll probably be better if I went through the cellar anyway. Do as she says and stay here. I’ll be back!” Tony descended back down the ladder. As his head was about to drop below the floor he saw the escaped slave quickly fold the uniform and stash it in a niche within the wall and close a small door.
Tony quietly went through the hidden doorway in the cellar and doused the lantern. With wet clay from the floor, he darkened his face then proceeded carefully out into the night. A stiff chilled wind blew over the yard and Tony could see that the trees were leafless. It must winter. The moon was at crescent but cloud cover darkened the yard enough for him to make it to the edge of the woods where he waited and watched for the next volley of shots. The crunch of fallen leaves made it difficult to move through the forest as soundlessly as he preferred. He was forced to step on the base of the trees and hug the trunks like a squirrel. But the invaders were apparently not concerned about attack from behind. They had no sentry posted and weren’t trying to conceal themselves at all. This had the smell of a neighborhood rivalry rather than an actual assault. Tony counted six men. More maybe around but they weren’t making themselves as obvious.
“Lady Clara, all we want to do is search the house. We know them nigras was heading this way. Them’s our nigras and we ain’t leaving till we get ‘em back!” Tony couldn’t see which of the guys spoke but it didn’t matter. He had to think of something to get them to leave.
“Don’t call me Clara, Rafe Duarte. It’s Miss Grant to you. This is my house and none of your kind are gonna set foot in it. Now get off my property or else,” a stern and determined female voice bellowed from the house. “You tell your Pa that he can come here with the law tomorrow and search but you ain’t steppin’ a foot into my house!”
Duarte? Tony tried to remember if Duarte had ever mentioned where his family originated. He hadn’t but it made sense. Duarte was a French name and the French had originally settled and trapped the Mississippi Basin. The land west of the river was sold to the United States by Napoleon in 1803 in what is known as the Louisiana Purchase.
“Miss Clara…” a shot rang out from the house and hit a tree limb near Rafe’s head. “…Miss Grant, you know there ain’t no lawmen on this side of the river. Now we’re comin’ in with or without yer permission,” Rafe Duarte said as he boldly walked out from the tree line. Tony saw him clearly for the first time. A short blonde man dressed in a business suit? That seemed well out of place. Tony had no idea what year it was but since the men weren’t wearing either Union or Confederate uniforms, he relaxed a bit. A shot rang out from the house. The ground exploded between Rafe’s feet and he dove back into the trees. While all this had been transpiring, Tony had silently made his way over and stood directly behind the six men. He put the one closest to him in a head lock and covered his mouth. Within moments, the lack of oxygen and blood to his brain rendered him unconscious and he was lowered softly to the ground. The next two men were side by side. Tony smashed their heads together like Moe does to Larry and Curly on the ‘Three Stooges.’ Duarte was still lying face down in the dirt after the shot from the house.When he looked up, he saw a stranger on one knee and the end of a musket pointing in his face. The other two guys were looking towards the house. Tony said, “Drop ‘em boys!” They turned and saw Rafe Duarte’s predicament.
“What do we do, Rafe?”
Rafe turned his head a looked up ridiculously at the one that spoke. “You drop the dang gun, you moron!”
As the muskets fell to the ground, Tony asked, “If you have any more men out here, I suggest you call them over right now. This gun and Miss Grant’s gun are going to stay trained on you. If anyone fires at either of us, you get your head blown off.”
“No, it’s just us,” he said still unsure of what went so horribly wrong.
“Now, I want you and your boys to get off this property right now. There aren’t any escaped slaves here and you’re doing nothing but pissing off the lady of the house. Don’t come back. Next time you won’t be so lucky! Now, pick up your buddies and go. The guns stay.”
“You don’t know who you’re messin’ with boy. My father owns this country. He ain’t gonna be happy about this,” Duarte whimpered as he fumbled to stand. The three unconscious interlopers began to stir.
“He doesn’t own her land. You’re trespassing and I have the right to shoot you.” He cocked the hammer on the musket. “Wait! I changed my mind. Take your clothes off!” Tony saw a way to possibly gain Clarissa’s trust…or at least her appreciation.
“What?” they all asked in disbelief.
“Take your clothes off, except your underwear. Don’t make me say it again.” Tony reached down and picked up and threw each of their guns well into the yard. Two he kept, one in each arm trained on the men…one always on Rafe Duarte. They undressed and Tony motioned them into the yard. They moved. “Miss Grant? There are some gentlemen out here that wish to apologize to you.”
When Tony finally saw her for the first time, he was surprised by how attractive she was. She had auburn hair rolled into a bun atop her head with strands of hair lying to the side of her face. Her skin was light from lack of sun. Whether that was because she seldom went in the sun or because it was winter, Tony didn’t know. He did know that back then…right then…it was a sign of the aristocracy for women to be as pale as possible. Parasols and long white gloves normally covered the ‘well to do’s’ skin from exposure. Only working people needed to be in the sun. Standing in the dimly lit doorway she somehow looked familiar to him but he couldn’t place where he’d seen her before. ‘What am I thinking? I’ve never seen her before,’ he thought and shook his head. Wearing a white hoop dress with a light blue pastel flower print, her lower half filled the entrance of the doorway. She appeared confused and understandably so. Tony hoped she would play along and act as if they were acquainted but wasn’t sure she’d pick up his signals. She could think this was just a trick by Rafe Duarte. Tony needed to put her mind at rest. “Everybody, down on your knees with your legs crossed and your hands on your heads….elbows out. Move!” They each groaned but complied. Tony threw his guns as far away as he could and held his arms outward with his palms up.
She stared at him with her head cocked trying to figure things out as she walked over with her musket pointed at the men on the ground. When she reached them, she nudged the guy closest to her with the gun barrel. “You…go get your horses. If you try anything, Rafe loses what little brains he has.”
The man did as he was told and returned with six horses. “Rafe Duarte, if you ever threaten me and my household again, I’ll put this gun barrel to your head and pull the trigger. Doubt that’d do any damage, though. Maybe I’ll just shoot you in your rear end.” Duarte and his men mounted the steeds and Rafe appeared as if he were about to say something but thought differently about it as he saw her musket still aimed at his skull. They rode out with the expediency that was expected of them.
***
After they rounded the turn in the driveway, she turned her gun on Tony. “Who are you and why are you here?”
“That might be a bit hard to explain. My name is Tony Russo and I’m from South Carolina. I’m afraid that that’s about all I can tell you.”
“Oh. I assure you Mister Russo, I shall require much more explanation than that,” she said confidently demanding answers that Tony didn’t want to give.
Tony considered telling her the outrageous truth but she certainly would dismiss him as a madman. She seemed particularly shrewd and a lie would have to be a good one. Tony had no idea even what year it was. How could he come up with a cover without that trivial bit of information? He was familiar enough with history to know generally what will happen. If this were prior to the Civil War, Congress kept changing laws to pacify both the North and South. Compromises on slavery were made nearly every other year between the North and South. If the war had already begun, he could pretend to be a Soldier but…which side? He needed to know more about ‘when, not where,’ he was and more about her to lie effectively. Tony shook his head and gave up. “Ma’am, I’ll tell you what I can but could we go inside? I’m not exactly dressed for this weather.” The cold didn’t actually bother him any but it seemed as good a reason as any to stall.
The house servants were beginning to tentatively filter out onto the front porch. Light from their lanterns fell out towards Tony and Miss Clarissa. She saw him clearly for the first time. He stood there arms spread, palms up. He was dressed in the escaped slaves’ tattered, gray, loose fitting shirt. His pants that were baggy, tattered, and cut off at the knees. With no shoes on, Tony imagined he looked a bit like Huckleberry Finn. With a boyish smile, he said, “Ma’am, I mean no harm to you or your household. If you’ll allow me in, I’ll explain as much as I can.”
Clarissa’s demeanor seemed to melt. Lowering the gun, she spoke again, “I do apologize, sir. I’m afraid this situation has made me forget my manners. I am indebted to you and I thank you. Do come in.” As she turned her back to him, Tony looked at the house closely for the first time. It was larger with an additional wing that appeared as an attachment to the structure joined by an enclosed hallway. Perhaps it was a study or a library that vanished over the years. The roof was also different. Instead of the flat space above the building, a very shallow ‘A’ frame slate tiled cap laid atop it as if it were a hat. Two windows on each side and one in the front and back, gave the hat a tortoise like quality; as if some giant triangular, gray reptile had climbed up to sun itself.
Inside the house, servants were bustling after the evening’s ruckus. An interrupted supper was being put away and the dining room was being wiped and polished to a shiny glow.
“Rebecca, y’all can finish that tomorrow. Why don’t you go ahead and get some rest,” she said politely to the overly plump, black, servant lady that bore a surprising resemblance to Aunt Jemima.
“Yes, Miss Clara,” she answered respectfully. “You sure you don’t want me to stay?” she asked as she glanced at Tony. Her distrust was evident and Tony admired her protectiveness of her ‘owner.’
“No, that will be all Rebecca. No need to worry. Have a good night, dear.” She waited until she heard Rebecca’s room door near the kitchen close and then turned her attention back to Tony. “Now, you were about to tell me where you’re from and why you’re here.” She rose and grabbed two crystal glasses and a decanter filled with apple brandy. As she poured them both a glass, she waited patiently for an answer.
Tony still had no answer and wanted to stall further “Ma’am, if you don’t mind, I would like to exchange my clothes with that nice gentleman under the stairs. I fear he should be nearly frostbitten by now sittin’ there with no clothes on.”
Miss Clarissa froze. Fear crossed her face but only briefly. “I don’t know what you’re talking about Mister…Russo is it?”
“Please call me Tony, Miss…Grant is it?”
“Yes Mister Russo. It is Miss Grant,” she said rejecting Tony’s bid to be less formal.
“Ma’am, I don’t know why I’m here. I just am. If I had a reasonable explanation, I would give it to you. I’m afraid the truth is so unbelievable that you’ll think me insane. If you’ll allow me to recover my uniform, I will sit here and give you every detail and I will leave if you see fit.” He had come to the conclusion that nothing that he could make up would explain away how he appeared out of thin air in front of the escaped slaves. He had to trust Miss Clarissa. He didn’t know why he was in that house in his period of time. He had to believe that it was in relation to her life; or the slaves’ lives which were intertwined with hers. In order to go home, he felt he must complete his destiny in this place. Natasha must have already realized that he was no longer in the house. He could only imagine what must be going through her mind. He had to get back to her as soon as possible.
Clarissa stared at him intently for the longest time. Tony felt she were weighing all the details of the situation. Somehow, though, she trusted him. She didn’t know why. They only met moments ago and she felt comfortable with him; enough so that she dismissed the wait staff and any protection they might afford. “Very well Mr. Russo.”
She began to walk toward the ballroom and Tony rose to follow. “Ma’am, I’m afraid that the man in the wall is quite exposed. It may not be fitting for a lady to witness the exchange.”
“Nonsense!” she proclaimed. Then she pressed a small loose piece of wood on the decorative molding lining the stairs. A pane in the side of the stairs popped open. “George, it’s alright now. You and your family can come out.”
“But Miss, I’m afraid I am a bit indisposed at the moment,” the wall said in a very educated and confident tone. Tony still was very curious about the man. He seemed both educated and sharp. Tony knew educating blacks in this time period in the South was illegal but this man seemed to have a better grasp of the English language than either he or Miss Clarissa.
“Didn’t you take some blankets in there with you? Y’all must be freezing. Come on out, George. I’ll stand in the hallway. Bring this gentleman’s clothes out with you, if you please.”
With Clarissa safely out of view, Tony motioned him for him to come out. Shyly George stuck his head out of the hatch and, when he felt propriety was upheld, he walked out buck naked into the dining room. He was a middle aged man with well-defined muscles. Tony saw some scarring on his shoulders. When he turned, Tony lost his breath. Huge welts an inch wide crisscrossed his back like the lattice on a pie. Some were older with newer ones overlapping them. Some had not even healed completely yet. As he handed the uniform over, Tony felt compassion in excess of anything he had ever felt. “I’m afraid we didn’t have the opportunity for formal introductions earlier. My name is Tony Russo,” he said weakly as he extended his hand.
“I’m afraid I’m at something of a disadvantage, Mister Russo. Would you be offended if I dressed before we get too intimate with each other?” he said sounding a rebuke.
Tony smiled. “Yes, of course.”
As he quickly removed George’s threadbare clothing, he spied Clarissa peeking around the corner. In the darkness outside, he had originally thought her to be middle aged from the way she held herself and her apparent strength of character. In the firelight within the house, however, he could see she was only about twenty-five or twenty-six. Tony didn’t let her know that he knew she was watching to save her embarrassment. He continued to undress. George was dressed as quickly as Tony undressed. Tony saw her exhale a gentle gasp when Tony stood erect in only his underwear. He was not muscle bound but was chiseled and well defined. Judging only from the people he had seen so far, he suspected she had seldom if ever seen the male body…slaves excluded. Tony quickly dressed and brushed what dirt he could from his uniform.
“I apologize for my rudeness before, Mister Russo. The last time a hand was extended to me by a white man, I became a slave. Here in America it is unusual for a white man to wish to shake a black man’s hand,” George informed Tony.
“Where I come from, white men and black men are equal. It’s common courtesy to shake hands.”
“Where do you come from?”
“South Carolina.”
“Ha…you’re kidding, right?”
“No George, I’m not. I can’t explain it to you yet. I have to tell Miss Clarissa all about it. You’ll find out soon enough. Miss Grant, we’re done.”
“Come in here and sit please, Mister Russo. George, y’all can go in the kitchen and get something to eat. I know y’all must be famished.”
“Miss Grant, if you don’t mind, I’d like to have George join us. His witness is crucial to whether you believe me or not…and please, call me Tony.”
“Alright Tony…if you’ll call me Clara.” Tony thought her sudden acquiescence to the informal was a trite peculiar but he appreciated it all the same.
The three sat in the parlor as Tony fidgeted, trying to think of where to start. “Clara, less than an hour ago I was carrying my new bride into our bridal chamber here in this house. The date was June 10, 1988.” Tony paused to gauge her response. She furled her eyebrows but showed no other outward sign of disbelief. He went on to tell her how he came to be in the crawlspace under the stairs and still she gave no indication of her thoughts. ‘I’d hate to play poker with this lady,’ Tony thought. “George, would you mind telling Clara what you saw when I first appeared?”
George sat up in the chair and began as if he were telling a ghost story. “When I first saw him, he floated up through the hatch wearing blue trouders and a white shirt. Then he immediately vanished as we were staring right at him.”
“That was December 25, 1987, in my time. On my wedding night six months later; June 10th, 1988, I heard a noise under the stairs and went to investigate,” he motioned for George to continue.
“A minute later he appeared dressed in black and darted without a word into another passage.” Tony's ears perked up when George said this but he held his tongue as George continued.
“Seconds later, he reappeared dressed in white…the uniform he has on now. We thought he was a ghost or something. I still do. You say you’re from the future? How is that even possible? Are you a witch?”
“No George, I’m not a witch. I don’t know how it’s possible but it’s the truth. Something has drawn me here to do something. I don’t know what or why but here I am just the same. What did you mean when you said I appeared and vanished into another passageway?”
“Just that. It was dark and you didn't have a lantern but I could see you clearly enough. Your hair was longer but it was you.”
“I can't explain that one. I only saw you on two different occasions.” Tony let it go and turned his attention back to Clara
Miss Clarissa still showed no outward appearance as to whether she was even listening. Tony waited. “You want me to believe that you appeared here out of thin air from the future. You traveled back in time from 1988 to 1857? Mister Russo, I appreciate what you did for us tonight but I’m gonna have to ask you to leave.” She stood to indicate the interview was over and Tony slid his wallet to her across the small table between their seats. She sat down again and looked back at Tony.
“Open it.”
Inside she found all his identification with the dates on them; credit cards, pictures of Natasha standing in front of her car with a jet taking off in the background, and currency unknown to her. A penny with Abraham Lincolns face on it fell into her lap. The date on it was 1985. “What is this material?” she asked as she fondled his military identification. And this little painting, it’s so detailed and life like. It’s like I’m looking at that person right in front of me.
“The ID is laminated with a plastic that isn’t invented until the 1930’s or 40’s. The ‘painting’ is a photograph taken of my wife using a device called a camera. Y’all have crude devices now that do this in black and white. In the photo you see a horseless carriage that we use to move around. In the background, that’s a jet…a flying machine. Look at my uniform. It’s an Officer’s uniform from the United States Navy…in my time. I know it’s hard to believe but I am from the future and all I want to do is get back to my wife who’s waiting for me in a room upstairs a hundred and thirty two years from now. I don’t know how to do that. I need your help ma’am. Saying it, I realize how absolutely absurd it sounds but it’s the truth. I suppose I should have come up with a realistic lie.”
Still looking at the photograph, she exclaimed, “You’re wife is very beautiful. A machine that flies?” Still, she sat there totally bewildered. She couldn’t grasp time travel or flying machines or any of it. Tony fully understood that. “In 1988, this mansion doesn’t have that extra wing on the south side and the rooftop is completely flat. I saw a painting of this plantation made in 1859 that doesn’t have that wing. Sometime between now and 1859 that part of the house disappears. Right now Kansas, Nebraska, Missouri, and Arkansas are being battered with violence over the question of slavery. Soon the whole country will be in turmoil. That man on the coin is President Abraham Lincoln and he will be inaugurated in March, 1861. The entire South, beginning with my home state of South Carolina, will secede from the Union and form the Confederated States of America. From Virginia to Florida and from the Atlantic Coast to Texas and Arkansas, Southerners will mobilize. In April 1861, Union controlled Fort Sumter in Charleston harbor will be fired upon by Confederate forces at Fort Moultrie, Fort Wagner, and the Charleston Battery. The country plummets into four years of war that will cost six hundred thousand American lives.” Tony paused. “I guess until it happens it doesn’t prove my case. By the way, your cousin Ulysses Sam Grant becomes the Commander of Union forces after the fall of Vicksburg on Christmas 1863. You’ll be seeing a good deal of him before that. He’s gonna use this house as his headquarters while he wrestles the Mississippi from the rebels.”
“Now I know your lying, Mister Russo. Sam Grant has ruined every business he ever attempted and he’s a drunk to boot. I met him once at a family gathering when my pa was still alive…not a very inspiring fellow.”
“Sam Grant is an exceptional Soldier ma'am. Just wait and see. For the moment, I need your help. I know you have no reason to oblige me but I have to ask just the same.”
Clara sat back and Tony saw a smile form on her face. “Well Mister Russo…sorry…Tony, I must say that if what you tell me is a lie, you have an extremely creative imagination and you use very elaborate props. I look at you and I do not in any way feel threatened. I am inclined to believe you even though what you say is completely absurd. I do not know why I believe you but I do. But how can I help you?”
Tony exhaled. “I’m not sure. I think I’m here to help George and his family. They were the focal point that I was brought to both times.”
She gazed at Tony for a long while. Tony got the feeling that she wasn’t really looking at him but into her own thoughts and feelings. She was forced by the environment she lived in to be cautious and trust came uneasily to her.
“I will need help getting my family to the next station, Madame,” George said bringing her out of her thoughts. Actually both she and Tony had forgotten that he was there. “I would happily accept his assistance.”
“That would be great. With any luck, I can come back here and get back to Natasha.”
“Natasha?”
“My wife.”
“Oh. Well, the next station is about twenty miles north and you’ll have to leave first thing in the morning. I expect Rafe’s father to come out here tomorrow.”
Tony glanced up at her quickly and asked, “North?”
“Yes, and eventually to a free state.” she responded surprised at his reaction.
“What month is this?”
“March...why?”
“I guessed it was January. March is much warmer in my time. Have you heard of Dredd Scott?”
“No. Why?”
“There’s a slave named Dredd Scott that moved around the country with his master through slave and Free States alike. He had lived in Illinois and Wisconsin, a free state and a free territory. Scott’s master dies and Scott will argue that, since he lived in those states, he was free. It goes to the Supreme Court. I’m not sure when exactly the ruling takes place but the Supreme Court rules against Scott in 1857. They say that once a person is a slave, they are always a slave. Simply going north to a Free State won’t free George and his family. They need to make it all the way to Canada or down to Mexico. If they are caught in any free state before they get to Canada, they’ll be sent back. Even worse will happen if they’re caught in a slave state. Mexico would be much faster and easier, I would think.”
“I do know the station to the south as well as one to the north. For security, each station only knows the next station each direction… and occasionally the one beyond that. It’s up to George whether he wants to go south or north.”
“I think south. I’m too old to trudge through the Canadian snow.”
“Okay, just tell me were to take them.” Tony sensed that his eagerness made her question his motives. Did she think Tony had come up with this elaborate scheme just to find out the next stations location? The thought probably occurred to her but for reasons she could not explain, she still trusted him.
***
They stood over a table in the ballroom that just that morning had held the many guests at Tony’s wedding. The feel of the room was much different in this time period. An enormous and ornate crystal chandelier occupied the space that Tony and Charlie had fell through at his wedding reception; casting flickering shadows across the expansive space. Sconce lanterns along the walls illuminated their perspective areas like torches lining a castle wall. Portraits of various people stared down on them from intricate golden frames and gave Tony the feeling that their ghosts were watching.
Lady Clarissa unfolded a crude map of the area and began showing Tony the route he, George, and his family would have to travel. “Avoid this area. It’s the Duarte plantation. That’s where George ran away from. It probably wouldn’t be too dangerous, though. The Duarte’s only have seven white men working for them not counting Rafe and his father. He does have blood hounds, however. If they catch your scent, you may have a problem. Also, you may need to know that my overseer left me about a week ago and went to work for them. He doesn’t know anything about the ‘underground railroad’ though and shouldn’t be a problem.
Tony was very familiar with the area…a hundred and thirty years in the future. He had ran the area doing his training routines and didn’t expect that the terrain had changed too much. “Should be a cake walk,” he said mostly to himself.
“A cake walk?”
“It should be easy,” he amended.
“I hope so. Unfortunately, you’ll be traveling in the daylight. That can present problems if you’re not careful. You will have to cross several well-traveled roads. Just be cautious!” She gathered some gear that he would need which included a compass, really the only thing he needed. Also, she collected some clothing for him to wear that was less conspicuous than his uniform. Showing him to a room upstairs, she said, “Try to get some sleep. You will have to leave before the morning’s first light.”
She left and Tony collapsed on the bed. He was ready to go take George and his family now. The sooner he got this over with, the sooner he could go home. As he laid there, thoughts of Natasha ran through his head. Was she crying, now? Is she thinking that he had abandoned her? Doubtful but she had to be worried and confused. He had to get back to her. He thought of her sitting in a room just down the darkened hallway, a hundred and thirty years from now, crying; not knowing where he was. If he could only get up and walk to that room and find her there, all his fears and worries would vanish. He knew it wasn’t that simple. A wide gulf of time and space separated them; not merely the distance between the chambers. He should be lying next to her nestled in her warm embrace right now; not alone with an unyielding anxiety as his only companion. Tomorrow, after delivering George and his family, he should be transported back to her. But would she believe him? Probably. Still he wanted to be able to prove it to her. Maybe a note written to her that he could hide in the walls somewhere to find when he returns. No, that isn’t proof enough. He needed something to prove that he was here in 1857. He’ll think of something but for now he really needed to try to sleep. The journey tomorrow with George, a woman, and two children may be fraught with unknown dangers. He needed his wits about him. He lay there and thought only of a line in lovely Natasha’s wedding vow…“I will love you longer than forever.” He drifted to sleep.
***
“Masser, is time to get up, Masser” Tony awoke from his dreams. He had been back in Natasha’s arms and laughing about something. He couldn’t recall what. Rebecca, the overly plump house servant, stood shaking and prodding him giving him little chance to remember.
“What time is it,” he mechanically asked as he rubbed his eyes open.
“It don’t matter none what time it is. You’s gotta go. Miss Clara is waiting downstairs for ya now. Is gonna be light soon and you gotta get a move on.”
He did as he was told and descended into the cold, drafty, cavernous room downstairs. The humongous fireplace blazed with newly lit timber and Tony wandered over to it. Dressed in woolen garb that Clara had given him the previous night, he rubbed his arms to get warm and held his hands to the fire. Clara handed him a heavy coat and made him sit and eat a quick breakfast. Then she rushed him and his charges off into the darkness of the frigid, apathetic morning.
Dressed in more period appropriate attire, Tony still felt uncomfortable and out of place. Marine or special op’s fatigues, and armament that is more accurate than a pre-Civil War musket, would definitely been more to his liking. As the morning dragged on, they walked discreetly through the underbrush and densely forested terrain as both Tony and George each carried a slumbering child. They talked along the way as they kept vigil for any errant travelers in the area. George, it turned out, had been pressed into service at the age of five in Her Majesty’s Navy. The only African aboard, he was effectively a slave pondering to the whim of the Captain and crew of many ships; eventually ending up on the HMS Victory during the Napoleonic Campaigns. Captain Lord Horatio Nelson himself had taken the George under his wing and taught him to read and write. After Napoleon was defeated, George was passed from ship to ship like a trading card. In 1835, he jumped ship on an island in the Caribbean. A white man offered his hand to help him and soon after shackles choked his arms and neck. Again he was passed from owner to owner until he was picking cotton in Louisiana and Arkansas. In Arkansas, on the Duarte plantation, he suffered terrible beatings for no apparent reason. Every slave did. Now at nearly sixty-five tears old, he met the woman with him on that plantation and decided to run away with the children. It didn’t surprise Tony that George didn’t know who the father or fathers of the children was. The woman was a house servant and was passed around the men of the house at their leisure. It made Tony physically sick to think that one human being could treat another in such a detestable manner. There was slavery and trafficking even in the twentieth century but it was illegal and not condoned by the government of the people. These people, Tony believed, should be summarily executed without trial. He made a mental note to make the Duarte’s suffer if given the chance. Hopefully, he would be with Natasha by the end of the day and wouldn’t have to ponder on it too long.
The expedition went easily for a few hours but they ran into trouble midway to their destination. Skirting along the river, they were spotted by some men on a barge. An alarm of some sort was sounded and the river was suddenly littered with a plethora of vessels from sail boats to oar boats. Tony and the family fled inland only to hear dogs coming from the north. In broad daylight, they made it back to the river and Tony surgically dispatched three men in a ketch. Stealing their tiny ship, he cruised down the river without knowing how to sail her. He just let the river carry him. Twice he was approached by another boat but waved them off as George and the family hid below deck. A white man sailing a boat by himself apparently wasn’t unusual. When no other boats were visible, Tony ran her aground in a cove. He and the family returned to their exodus on unfamiliar terrain.
***
With George and the brood safely at the next station, Tony began the return trip. He had been fed well at the stop and his waning energy was now replenished. Running nearly the whole way, his thoughts were of Natasha and spurred him on faster. Darkness fell before he reached the plantation but he didn’t slow down. He tripped and fell many times. His face was clawed by thorns and low hanging tree limbs but he never slowed. Running unceremoniously and rudely into the house, he uttered an apology and spoke a brief update to Miss Clara. She watched curiously as he vanished into the space under the stairs. In the icy darkness of the hollow walls, Tony repeated Natasha’s name over and over. Nothing happened. He repeated the year, 1988 over and over again. Nothing happened. He should be going back now and he had no idea why that wasn’t happening. Alternating between sitting and laying, he futilely repeated her name for hours until exhaustion overcame him and he fell into a deep sleep. When he awoke, he rushed to the exit and excitedly opened it. In 1988, that doorway didn’t exist. He knew he was still stuck in the past and his heart sank.
“I’m sorry, Tony,” Clara said looking at him sadly. Tony wasn’t sure if she believed him about where he came from or if she were merely placating him. She undoubtedly believed that Tony believed it. Perhaps she was saying the words to comfort him as a grownup would to a bewildered child.
Tony said nothing…just dazedly sat down on the floor beside the great mahogany stairs. Uncertainty and confusion covered his face like a stone mask. Was this not the task that I was supposed to complete? What else do I have to do? Questions muddled his beleaguered mind without the remedy of answers. How do I get back?
Morning now illuminated the spacious ballroom and servants were setting the table for the morning meal. All tried their best to not look at the pathetic white man on the floor. Rebecca couldn’t ignore him. She walked over to him and lifted him up by his arm. “Come on, Masser. We cain’t have you sittin’ on the floor like this. It ain’t proppa. We needs to get you cleaned up for da moanin’ meal.”
“That’s a good idea, Rebecca. Heat up some water for a bath and add some more wood to the fireplace in my bedroom. Take him up there and use that tub. And find him some clean clothes too,” Clara said as she knelt beside him. Tony guessed she was only feeling sorry for him. Compassion shone in her eyes as she cradled his blood streaked cheek.
“Miss Clara, we’s got other rooms he can use. It ain’t proppa to use…”
“REBECCA!” Clara barked. Tony was stirred from his commiseration and looked into Clara’s eyes. He saw no anger but saw an incredibly intense sorrow as if she were empathetic to him. It was like she could feel the pain he felt. That was ridiculous, he knew, but it’s what he saw for a moment in her eyes.
“Yes, Miss Clara,” Rebecca said lowering her head docilely.
“I’m sorry, Becca. Please, just do as I ask.”
Once Tony was settled into the bath in Clara’s suite, several young Nubian princesses began washing his back and face. He quickly rushed them away, relaxed back into the tub, and shut his eyes. On the other side of the door he heard Rebecca say, “Miss Clara, you cain’t go in there!” as the door opened. Clara sat at the edge of her bed but said nothing. Tony, who still hadn’t uttered a word, stared at her waiting for her to speak. Still, she said nothing. Slowly she walked over and sat beside the basin. With her legs tucked under her, she picked up a sponge. Tony felt the warm water trickle down his face as he again closed his eyes.


Chapter 22: Civil War
***
August 3, 1858: Tony worked picking cotton alongside the field hands much to Clara’s dismay. He had become the honorary foreman of the plantation and she felt that it denigrated his authority among the ‘slaves’. Perhaps that was true but he didn’t care. It’s what he felt the impulse to do. He could never sit drinking lemonade while they toiled in the fields. It just wasn’t who he was. He had not given up hope on getting back to the future but, with every passing moment, he knew Natasha must have given up on his return. She was most assuredly back in Ukraine with her father and brothers. Perhaps she had already found another. He doubted it but the thought still pecked at him like a famished vulture. He still didn’t know why the Universe had sent him to this time period. Every chance that he got to do something or to make a difference, no matter how trivial, he took it in the hopes that that would be the one thing for which he was chosen. Clara was beginning to believe that he was from the future now. Other than himself, she had been the first to notice that he never had need of a shave or a haircut. His body wasn’t aging and he had to take special care to hide the fact. He guessed it was because he hadn’t technically been born yet. Also aiding in Clara’s conversion was the fact that everything that he told her had come true from the Dredd Scott Decision to the boom in cotton prices. He had told her of John Brown's raid at Harper's Ferry but that wasn't until the following year. It would seal her faith in him.
Under his guidance, the plantation blossomed and was the richest in the area. Tony managed to redirect school books from Memphis to the plantation; and helped the makeshift school with teaching the black children and adults to read and write. A purchasing system was set up to allow the field hands to buy goods with the money they earned in the fields. Although the slaves had received their freedom long ago, under the new law they would never be allowed to be free: Once a slave, always a slave was the rule of the land…North and South. Tony tried his best to create a tiny kingdom in which, at least there, they could be free. Working in the fields was voluntary. The pay was better so that was the more sought after job. It wasn’t true freedom but it was the best he and Clara could do.
Clara had come to love Tony and Tony knew it. He never stopped thinking of Natasha, though. His feelings for Clara were that of pure respect and admiration. She was collected, sensible, and in control of her emotions at all times. Never had she openly told Tony how she felt but he knew. There was no mistaking the gaze that she held when the eyes crossed paths.
That night, beneath a star lit sky, the plantation was attacked by masked horsemen that Tony assumed came from Duarte’s plantation. Not a shot was fired but torches flew through the night towards the stables, library and main house. The horsemen were gone before the first alarm sounded. Bucket lines were formed and the main house was saved. The library and stables were utterly destroyed. The roof of the main house burned briefly but, by a miracle from God, fizzled out. Tony and some other men saved the animals from the burning stable but there was no chance of putting the hay packed structure out, so they let it burn. When the other fires were out, Tony got atop his singed and frightened golden palomino bareback and dashed into the woods as Clara called for him to come back.
At Duarte’s house, he crept into the stables and checked the horses. They were well lathered and still jittery. Saddles, carelessly thrown on the ground, were still wet from the nights ride. He heard noise coming from one of the bungalows near the house and slipped up to the window. Inside were eight men laughing raucously and drinking whiskey. Outside the front door was a single man who was also drinking. With dispatch, Tony rendered the doorman unconscious and busted down the door. With the stock of his unloaded musket, he sent two of the startled men to the floor with blood pouring from their faces. The others he fought and watched as they tumbled to the floor with an arm or leg bent at an unnatural angle, faces also bleeding. The last man, hunkered in the corner, was Rafe Duarte. Tony’s footsteps sounded like a clock ticking loudly as he walked over to him. He pulled him up by his ear, nearly ripping it off. Anger filled Tony like an uncontrollable beast bursting to be freed. He held a knife to Rafe’s throat as he whimpered and pleaded for mercy. Blood trickled down his neck. “Where’s your father?” Tony asked with clenched teeth.
“He’s not here. He’s In Europe,” Rafe cried.
“I should have known he had nothing to do with this. I should kill you now but I’m not. Wanna know why? Because you aren’t worth the pain it’ll cause him.” In truth, Tony realized at that moment that he couldn’t kill Rafe. He might be the progenitor of Manuel Duarte. If Manuel Duarte is never born then Tony would never meet Natasha. It was Manny Duarte’s treasonous activities that had brought Natasha to the States and destined them to meet. “If you ever come near my plantation again, I WILL kill you! Do you understand?” Rafe nodded his understanding and Tony brought the heel of his knife down to Rafe’s right ear, knocking him unconscious. He considered burning something but knew that would happen soon enough when the war starts. Slowly he rode back to the plantation.
***
April 11, 1861: Tony and Clara sat on the second floor terrace gazing over the newly planted fields at the sinking, orange sun. A look of concern shadowed Clara’s face as if a veil were thrown over her. Tony’s face was determined and resolute.
“Why do you have to go, Tony? You said a thousand times that you can’t interfere with history. You’ll just get yourself killed.” Clara attempted to sound in control but Tony heard the panic and anxiety in her words.
“Do you know what happens tomorrow? Fort Sumter is fired upon by the Confederacy in Charleston Harbor. The whole country plummets into a civil war. I never in a million years thought I’d have to make this decision but I have to fight to defend my home. Maybe by knowing what happens, I can save the South from the hell it’s unleashing on itself. I know the Union and Confederate troop movements and strengths for the next four years. I can stop General Sherman before he burns Atlanta and Columbia and reduces the South to ashes. I can turn defeat into victory for the South.”
“And slavery continues for a hundred more years? That doesn’t sound like you, Tony. Do you not remember the scars on George’s back? Men shouldn’t have to endure that kind of treatment even if it’s just for one more day. You’re upset because you love the South and want to protect it. I understand that but isn’t the America that emerges from the ashes better than it was before the war? You said yourself….and I quote…‘We went into the war as Northerners and Southerners and came out Americans.’” You’ve already tried to stop the secession and that didn’t work. Why do you still think that you can change anything?” Clara no longer had any doubt that Tony was from the future. Everything that he had said would happen had come to pass. She feared for his life since he no longer seemed to care about killing himself. Although he had never talked about it, she knew he had lost his will to live. She had watched him sulk day after day, month after month, year after year, pining away over Natasha. He had given up almost all hope of ever getting back to her. Everything that he did was to gain some kind of favor with whatever force was controlling his destiny, whether it be God, or some uncaring entity in the Universe with a perverse sense of humor. Whatever brought him here gave him no clue as to why. He had thought originally about Natasha’s idea years ago…that perhaps he wasn’t supposed to help George and his family escape. If that were true, a clue would have been nice. In any case, all the life seemed to be drained from him and Clara saw it. It hurt her immensely to know that there wasn’t anything she could do. Tony’s heart and soul still belonged to Natasha.
“I have to try to save the South. It’s all I have left,” Tony said, immediately regretting his words. Clara’s saddened gaze sank to the wooden planks at her feet. He had tried to forget Tasha and give Clara a chance but he just didn’t feel it deep inside in that space were only he can see. Natasha was a permanent resident there. Clara was a wonderful, strong person and Tony loved her very much but not in the manner that she wished. Maybe in time he would, but not now. It hurt him when he saw that look in her eyes and knew he couldn’t return the sentiment. She deserved more than that. Then an idea occurred to him that seemed all too brilliant to be his. “What if I joined the Confederate Navy?”
“Sailors don’t get killed?” she asked sarcastically.
“Yes, I suppose they do but I won’t. This part of history I am very familiar with. We’ll need money for after the war. I know where I can get it!” Tony said in excitement. He laughed out loud as he realized the humor and irony of what he was planning. “I’m not leaving yet. You’re right. The Union has to win and I shouldn’t mess with history. I just wish the South didn’t have to bleed so badly. I have a better idea than trying to change history. I’ll use history.”
Clara suddenly became animated and leaned over, hugged him, and kissed his cheek. “As usual, I don’t have a single clue as to what you are talkin’ about Mister Russo but I do like the words that are comin’ out of your mouth.
Tony smiled again. In a little over a year, Memphis would be surrounded by Union forces. On June 2nd, 1862; a river battle will be fought that will decimate the Confederate challenge on the Mississippi. Memphis is forced to surrender. The Union controls the river all the way to Vicksburg with no one to challenge them. That is until the CSS Arkansas appears. Tony needed to find Captain Stephen Johnston.
***
June 2nd, 1862: Tony steamed aboard the CSS General Earl Van Dorn standing beside Captain Johnston, whom he had sought out and befriended nearly six months prior. Tony had deduced that he himself was Will U. Blomee. He had to be. It just sounded so much like a name he would create. The old Captain Johnston that he had met in 1905, said in his journal that the young man from South Carolina with the Italian name was the spitting image of his former First Officer Will Blomee. He still couldn’t introduce himself without laughing. Fortunately, he was correct that it didn’t mean the same thing in this day and age.
This younger version of Captain Johnston was an impressive man. Although he only stood at five foot seven, he possessed an invisible aura that demanded respect. His words, usually soft spoken, forced his crew to listen carefully which they always did with the utmost attention. In private conversations, Tony had learned that Johnston was uncomfortable and unenthusiastic with the Confederate Navy. Tall, three mast, wooden ships were home to him and these little iron barges without sail or rigging made him sad. Steam power had reduced ‘his’ Navy to troll like imposters compared to the majesty of sails unfurled. But it was all there was to the Confederate Navy, except for a few sailing vessels like the CSS Alabama. This fleet that he was a part of now wasn’t even true ironclads; just a motley assortment of floating derelicts with iron stuck to the exterior hulls.
Tony was also fully aware that the ‘cotton-clad’ boat that he was on at that moment was the only one that wouldn’t be rammed and sunk during this engagement. It had been his persistent nagging of Captain Johnston that got him to take command of this vessel. They were destined to retreat to the protection of the Yazoo River north of Vicksburg at the end of the calamity. The CSS General Van Dorn was called a ‘cotton-clad’ because the exterior of the ship was packed with cotton stuffed between the iron rails. The reason the ships were built this way, Tony could not fathom. It wouldn’t be long before he and Johnston were aboard the true ironclad, CSS Arkansas, still in the shipyards.
Anyhow, Tony watched as the equally inept Union and Confederate boats took pot shots at one another. Occasionally a cannonball would explode against the hull creating an incredible noise and throwing cotton into the air like a bursting pillow. The Confederates had no real Navy gunners aboard. The artillery men were on loan from the army and fell under direct orders of their Commanding Officers; not the Captain of the ship. Just after the third shot rang Tony’s ears, Captain Johnston turned to him with an unbelieving eye.
“What, sir?” Tony asked.
They’re turning to ram just like you said they would,” he responded still in disbelief. “Starboard batteries, full broadside as we come about. Fire on my command,” Johnston bellowed as he stuck his face further into the narrow window. The gunners all looked at each other, then at the Captain’s back.
“The right side of the boat,” Tony said impatiently and pointed to the bulkhead. The Sergeant of the army gunners snapped them into motion. Loaded and waiting. The Captain said, “Fire!” and the cramped spaced thundered so loud it made Tony wince and grasp his ears; which he should have thought of before the cannon fired. It was stifling hot in the cramped vessel even before the battle commenced. With the boiler running full tilt and the cannon belching its deadly flames, the heat was downright unbearable. Cannonballs slipped from the gunners sweaty hands or the fuses were put out from sweat dripping from their foreheads. A few had passed out from heat exhaustion and were removed below decks.
“Helmsman, hard to Starboard! Port batteries, full broadside on my command.” Tony pointed to the other side of the boat for the gunners. “Starboard batteries, don’t wait to reload those guns. Do it now!” “Mister Blomee, get over here! What’s that ship…the one that just rammed the Lovell?”
“Queen of the West, sir. Their flagship.” Tony answered. He actually didn’t know this from memory. Captain Johnston had learned of his ability to spy and move around undetected and used him to reconnoiter the enemy before the engagement. Tony knew of course that it would have no bearing on the outcome but followed orders just the same. Another cannonade hit the hull and exploded at one of the gun ports. Three men went down including the helmsman who took an errant fragment of timber to his temple.
“You two…get those men below to the surgeon. Take the helm, Mister Blomee, straight at that ship!”
“Aye Aye, sir.” ‘It’ll be just like bumper cars,’ Tony thought.
The ship lurched violently as it struck the USS Queen of the West. The unprepared of the crewmen were thrown to the deck. “Full astern, Mister Blomee!”
Tony muffled another laugh at is name and yelled into a metal cone attacked to a flexible shaft. “Engines…Full astern!”
“The Lovell’s going down. I see three more in jeopardy. This isn’t going well for us,” Johnston said calmly.
“Most of the Captains of the River Defense Fleet are river boat Captains and have no combat experience. I wouldn’t expect any other result,” Tony said unemotionally.
Captain Johnston turned to him and gave him a look he couldn’t quite understand. Turning to the port side cannons, he yelled, “Port side barrage on my mark!” He turned back to the porthole and paused. “Fire!” The barrage bounced harmlessly off the USS Beauregard. Johnston saw four more River Defense vessels going down. The General Earl Van Dorn was the last one afloat. “Mister Blomee, Full speed ahead and hard about!” a deflated Captain Johnston said.
“Captain, permission to go topside and spring my little surprise while the federal boats are still in disarray.” Tony had rigged five smoke bombs to aide in the getaway that he knew they would have to make. Johnston knew about the bombs but assumed they were being made as offensive weapons. Only Tony knew they were to assist in a hasty withdrawal.
“Oh yes, I had quite forgotten that. Go ahead but do be careful. Shots are still being fired from shore.”
“Aye Aye, Sir! Captain has the helm!” Tony snapped to attention and made haste to the gun ports. He wasn’t worried about getting hurt. He had surmised a long time ago that he was never getting back to Natasha and really didn’t care what happened to him. He was trying to die! Once topside, he opened a hatch and rolled out five wooden gunpowder kegs. Most of the gunpowder had been removed from each barrel and an inner wooden chamber was made containing: several liters of whale oil, a liter of vinegar, and a three pounds of finely shredded habanera peppers. The outer chamber contained a mixture of gun powder and crushed charcoal. When the outer chamber was lit and burned through to the inner chamber; the oil, vinegar, and peppers would boil and ignite creating a toxic, eye burning smoke. It was Tony’s quickly put together idea but it had never been tested. He really hoped it would work but didn’t really have a clue. To go south to Vicksburg, the Van Dorn had to go back through the Federal boats. They were almost on them when Tony lit the barrels and gently lowered them in the water. The current would carry them into the din. Shots from musket and cannon blasted the boat or splashed in the water nearby, drenching Tony with spray and nearly extinguishing his fuses. Tony stood as the Van Dorn passed by the last of the federal fleet. None of them were in immediate position to give chase but were coming about hard. The wind was fortunately blowing in a southerly direction which worked to Tony’s favor. It seemed like ages before the kegs started churning out wisps of gray/white fumes. Soon after, smoke was billowing out from them like chimneys. Tony heard coughing and cursing from the Union Sailors. Splashes were heard as men fumbled outside to put their faces in water but tumbled overboard instead. Tony smiled but then saw the wind was carrying the toxic fumes toward the Van Dorn faster than they were getting away. A few random shots came from shore but all else was quiet, except for the coughing and gagging. “Captain, Can we have a little more speed?” He yelled. He turned to see Johnston’s face in the tiny view port with a reserved smile on his face.
“Come back to the helm, Mister Blomee.”
Tony again muffled a giggle at the use of his assumed name. He just couldn’t get past the humor of it; even though, he was the only one laughing. As he turned to head back to the gun port, he was blown back against the bulkhead and the wind was forcibly knocked from his lungs. Clutching his chest, he slid to the deck. Breath wouldn’t come to him and felt like a horse was sitting on his chest. He looked down and saw the bullet hole in his shirt with blood and air gurgling from the wound. His lung had to be punctured. Death should come quickly. Fear came over at him first but then a calm peace took hold. He hoped there was an afterlife where he could find Natasha again. “I love you, Tsarina,” he said out loud as his eyes slowly closed. A peaceful smile covered his face like a veil as he faded into unconsciousness.
***
“Mister Blomee! Where are you?” the Captain bellowed.
Tony opened his eyes. He could breathe again and the pain was gone. Pulling his shirt up and wiped away the pooled blood. All he saw a circular healed bullet scar which was vanishing before his very eyes. Dazed and confused, he sat there until he was roused from thoughts by one of the army gunners.
“Captain sent me out here to check on you. Are you hit?”
“No, just tripped and knocked the wind out of me,” Tony said as he gingerly stood erect and crawled through the gun port. Back inside the protection of the cotton and iron bulkhead, Tony struggled to understand what had just happened. He had been fatally shot but didn’t die! His wound had healed almost instantaneously. Was he cursed to live through this war and watch as his beloved South was raped, ravaged, and torn to pieces? Would all his wounds heal in a similar manner not allowing him the sweet repose of the death he so welcomed? He doesn’t age and he doesn’t die! What new Hell is this that he is forced to endure a lifetime without the person he loves more than life itself. A light dawned on him! He could be alive still in 1988 and he could see Natasha again…in a hundred and twenty eight years! Tony shook his head in disbelief. A hundred and twenty eight years roaming the Earth without her. This is indeed Hell, he thought.
“Mister Blomee, snap out of it! Come to my quarters if you please. Mister Harbinger, you have the helm. Take us into the Yazoo River north of Vicksburg,” Johnston ordered as he and Tony walked into the cramped room at the aft of the boat. He looked down at Tony’s blood smeared tunic but said nothing assuming it was someone else’s blood. “Mister Blomee, How did you know that the federal fleet would ram us?”
Tony, mind still churning, responded, “It was logical sir. Although we were similar in number to the federal fleet, our ships were out classed miserably. Our strategy was to ram them. It was reasonable to assume they would…given the chance…take the initiative since they had structurally superior boats to ours.”
“And how did you know that was our strategy and how did you know all the Captains were river boat pilots without combat experience, Mister Blomee? Only the Captains were aware of that.”
“We sent six vessels down river to defend against Admiral Farragut’s fleet steaming north. That made us nearly equally matched with the federal fleet here. Our gunners are not up to the challenge of firefight so it was safe to assume that our wise Commanders would order us to ram.” Tony answered being intentionally obtuse and dodged the ‘river pilot’ question hoping it wouldn’t be revisited. He really hadn’t expected to be questioned on the matter.
“Those smoke kegs that you rigged, they were defensive in nature…not offensive. Why? It’s as if you already knew what was about to happen.”
“If the smoke had been deployed earlier then it would have been offensive in nature, sir. We waited too long,” Tony responded getting a bit defensive. “Sir, have I in some way caused you mistrust?”
Johnston took out a bottle of brandy and poured them both a small drink. “No, Mister Blomee. You have not. It’s just odd that you figure things out and see things before Command does. It’s almost like you have a sixth sense. I must tell you, it is a gift. I hope I can avail myself of it for the remainder of the war. That shouldn’t be too much longer. General Lee is running circles around the Union boys in Virginia. General Halleck, Union Commanding General of the West, has got a hundred thousand men but has them spread clear from here to Chattanooga. I reckon we’ll be sitting at home in our parlors this time next year.”
“I reckon,” Tony parroted knowing that wasn’t going to happen.
***
July 2nd, 1863: Tony and the crew had just finished unloading the gold and silver from the CSS Arkansas. Captain Johnston, not wanting the Arkansas to fall in to enemy hands, had asked for volunteers to sail her down to Vicksburg and beach her on Confederate soil. Tony and a gunner named Felix Mannheim were the only volunteers. They assured the Captain that they would get her there. Both were paid their share of silver. Johnston slipped Tony an additional bar of gold. Tony and Captain Johnston stood at the entrance of the cave. Tony watched as the Captain looked forlorn over the abandonment of his command. Tony felt bad for him because the idea to steal the gold from the Confederacy to keep Spain out of the war had been Tony’s; a seed planted long ago and nurtured to fruition.
“We’re doing the right thing, Captain,” Tony said hoping to ease Johnston’s angst.
“I hope so. England may still recognize the Confederacy and assist them.” The Captain had stopped referring to himself as one of them. He too loved the South but loved the Constitution more.
“Sir, I think we both know that Britain will never recognize a government that has slavery as an institution.”
“I suppose. This war is going to go on and on. Although the Mississippi is almost completely Union controlled, Lee is still winning in the East. There’s no chance that either side will capitulate anytime soon,” Johnston offered in resignation.
Tony didn’t tell him that, at that very moment, a battle was brewing in Pennsylvania at a place called Gettysburg that would turn the war in the favor of the North. General Lee, having the winning hand in all previous battles, took the war north and invaded hoping to draw the Union army into one decisive battle of his own choosing. A letter had already been drafted to Lincoln demanding peace. But Lee doesn’t get the battle of his choosing. In his arrogance, ignores the tried and true tenants of Sun Tzu, fighting the enemy from poor strategic positions with an inability to reinforce quickly, if at all. Bad decision making on Lee’s part has doomed them to defeat before the battle even commences. Rather than fall back to ground that is more desirable, he chooses to stay and fight. After three days, he will retreat back into Virginia never to regain the full strength of his army. Vicksburg will fall to General Grant on Christmas and he will be made Commander of the armies of the North. The conflict was about to become a war of attrition and the South will scream in anguish as the practice of ‘total war’ is unleashed on the cities and civilians of Virginia, Georgia, North Carolina, and South Carolina. Tony too felt he was betraying the South just as Johnston was feeling. He wanted to protect the South but had learned that he couldn’t change history. Everything that was happening had already happened. Only the unrecorded details were subject to Tony’s influence and interpretation.
Johnston, accepting his decision stoically, turned and walked up the cave shaft. As they climbed up the diagonal shaft at the end, Tony remembered something. He took his sword and scabbard from his waist and leaned it against the rock wall; where he was to find it again in a hundred and twenty three years.
***
That night, Tony and Felix Mannheim took the Arkansas quietly down the river past the cannons of the federals troops garrisoned in Memphis. They were aided by an absolutely pitch black night and the noise and speed of a flooded river. Once past the town, they fired up the boilers for maneuvering only and darted blindly down the river. Mannheim stood barely visible at the prow of the boat as he directed Tony at the helm. Nearing Vicksburg, they powered down the boilers and let the river carry the Arkansas straight toward the docks. Lowering a brig, they abandoned ship and paddled to the other side of the river. Alarms sounded at the docks and a crunching sound was heard as the boat hit the shell battered planks of the town’s only remaining dock. Yells rang out and shots were fired.
“What the hell are they shooting at?” Felix asked rhetorically.
“Okay, the easy part’s over,” Tony said. “Now the fun begins. We get to traipse through a hundred miles of Union infested forest unarmed and dressed in Rebel uniforms.”
***
July 29, 1863: Tony and Felix had made it back to Clara Grant’s plantation. The journey there had been a daily skirmish with danger but they finally made it home carrying the muskets of some unfortunate Union Soldiers. Hunkering at the edge of the cotton field at the back of the house, they watched as dozens of Union Soldiers entered and exited the house. One of the hired field workers, a former slave, spotted them and immediately straightened up. Recognizing Tony, he started over with a smile on his face. Tony curled his index finger at him then out it to his lips indicating he wanted him to come over and to do it quietly.
The black man made his way to them acting as if he were picking cotton as he went. “Massa Tony, you shouldn’t be here. This whole place is crawlin’ with blue bellies. They’s three Gen’rals in da house.”
“I see that. Thanks Billy. We need to get into the cellar. When we get to the edge of the yard over there, I want you to give us a diversion in the front of the house.”
“A di…version?”
“Yeah, you remember that word, don’t you? I taught it to you a couple of years ago. It’s a disturbance or ruckus diverting attention away from something else. I need all those solders looking the other way when we run for the cellar. Can you do that?”
“Yassa, I reckon I can,” said Billy unsure.
“Get some help if you need to. Just go out front and go crazy or something. Don’t do anything to get you in trouble with the Yankees. We only need a few seconds.”
“Yassa,” Billy said and walked towards the big house. On the way, he stopped and talked to three other workers. They left the field together. Tony and Felix crawled around the field on their stomachs and waited.
Twenty minutes later, Tony heard a lot of yelling at the front of the house and watched as all the Union Soldiers grabbed their weapons and ran from the rear of the house. Felix and Tony darted across the yard and closed the cellar door behind them. In the darkness, they felt their way through the passages until they were upstairs and crawling through the closet in Clara’s room. Clara, sitting and staring out of her window, heard the noise and jumped up startled.
“Tony!” she exclaimed and rushed over and hugged him nearly knocking him off balance as he was trying to stand.
“Clarissa, may I introduce you to Felix Mannheim. Felix, this is Clarissa Grant The lady of the house. Felix is with the 3rd Arkansas.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you Mister Mannheim,” Clara said coyly fluttering her eyelashes as she stared into is steely blue eyes. Tony looked at her oddly. This wasn’t behavior that he was accustomed to seeing from her. Felix was a good looking guy, Tony had to admit. He was tall, well-tanned, and muscled. A Clark Gable mustache appeared slightly darker in contrast to his rough stubbly beard. ‘It’s Rhett Butler,’ Tony thought to himself surprised he hadn’t seen the resemblance before.
“The pleasure is all mine, I assure you Madame,” Felix returned the compliment as he took her hand and kissed it gently while gazing into her apparently smitten eyes.
“Clara? Why are all these Soldiers here?” Tony interrupted.
Pulling herself away from Mannheim’s charms, she looked back at Tony. “General’s Halleck, Grant, and Sherman are having a conference downstairs in the ballroom. I have been gracefully exiled to my room where I am to stay until further notice.” Tony heard a considerable amount of venom in her words.
“Clara, would you mind entertaining our guest while I check it out? I’ll be back momentarily,” Tony asked politely.
Well, Mister Mannheim, I’m not ordinarily accustomed to entertaining guests in my personal sanctuary but…given the circumstances would you care for some lemonade?” A girlish smile crossed her face and Tony was immediately forgotten.
Back in the wall passages, Tony made his way quickly and quietly to the ballroom viewing port. He could make out their words easily. They were discussing the current attitudes of the civilian population.
“The Rebel troops are spread out and fight like Indians. When we turn to engage them, they vanish into the countryside and hide. Anywhere they go, they can get food and shelter from friendly locals. Our troops have to pay locals for food and are lucky if it isn’t poisoned. The people just won’t give in to our occupation. Our rail and telegraph lines are constantly sabotaged. Shops in the cities remain open only by force. It isn’t business as usual as it should be. Our Soldiers are accosted relentlessly even though they have orders to treat the Southerners with utmost respect,” Grant said addressing General Halleck.
“We are seen as an invading army and not as liberators. That was to be expected. The Jews are particularly troublesome in the area of commerce. They have learned that it is more profitable to sale cotton and many other items on the black market. Stores are being cached and sold to any party rather than turn it over to the army for a promissory note,” Sherman added.
Halleck, being the Commanding General at the time, just sat and listened. Tony saw the table littered with ashtrays filled with cigar butts, empty brandy bottles, and maps of the region. They had apparently been at this a while.
Halleck finally spoke. “Generals, our policy towards the Southern population is decided in Washington. I feel that policy will soon change, however. Let us make plans for that eventuality and stop listing grievances against the people. After we have secured Vicksburg, the Mississippi will be ours and we can look eastward to Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia and South Carolina. I’m afraid I have to agree with you that the South will not be subjugated until it is thoroughly and soundly beaten into submission. What are your suggestions?”
“First we move General Sherman’s army, in adjunct to mine, south from Chattanooga to Atlanta. Taking Atlanta is crucial to disrupting rail traffic throughout the South. Then we move on to Savannah and Charleston. Savannah is of little importance but Charleston must suffer. Columbia would be next of course. They were the first to scream ‘secession’ and deserve the full wrath of our armies,” Grant said virtually letting the words roll from his tongue as if he were reciting lines from a play. Tony felt something else in his tone, a sorrow of sorts. Tony understood the subjugation of the enemy and knew it was necessary from a purely military stance. Still, it was distasteful to those with a conscience. Grant seemed to take no joy from the words he spouted. Looking at Grant closely, he saw a slovenly, mentally timid man. It was as if he were only using the words of someone else, without any real resolve. All these years, he had been taught that Grant was the master mind of the Rebel defeat, through attrition and total war, but he now questioned that. What if Grant was merely a marionette parroting someone else's words.
Sherman, however, seemed to relish the idea with a great enthusiasm. “We must totally destroy the enemies will to war against us. Torch their crops, burn their homes, and squash any resistance unmercifully were ever it pops up. Atlanta should burn. Savannah and Charleston should burn, and especially that upstart little treasonous town of Columbia should burn. The people need to cry out in anguish and beg for peace. It’s the only way they’ll give up,” Sherman slammed his hand to the table. He reminded Tony of Hitler when orating to the masses of Germans in Berlin. Tony wanted to kill him so bad he could taste it. ‘If only it were possible,’ he thought.
“General Grant. Do you agree with General Sherman?” Halleck asked.
Grant paused for a moment of reflection and then, with his head bowed responded “Yes, General, I do. I believe it’s the only way get them to submit.”
“Alright then, we must first focus on Vicksburg. Draw up a plan for taking those cities you mentioned. I must tell you, this meeting has left a vile taste in my mouth. I hope we never have to employ such barbaric strategies but let us be prepared all the same. Please keep in mind that we are trying to bring the South back into the Union as our brothers. The least amount of enmity between the North and the South, the better it will be. If there is no further business then this meeting is concluded. Be cautious on your journey back to your headquarters.”
Tony slipped down to the base of the wall and thought about what they were planning. Most of it he already knew. But Charleston and Savannah aren’t supposed to burn. Although it was only a preliminary meeting, Tony could sense a lack of compassion in Sherman. Given the chance, he would torch every city and township in his path and kill every single Southerner. Tony had to make sure that didn’t happen. If he did nothing, history wouldn’t allow the wrong cities to burn but how can he be sure. Just because he had failed to change the past previously doesn’t mean it wasn’t possible for history to be altered. Perhaps he had changed something already and he was in a parallel universe almost identical to the one he knew. He had no way of knowing. One thing he did know was Charleston was the greatest city in the world to him and he couldn’t take the chance of it being put to the torch. So much history would be lost and it physically pained him to think about it.


Chapter 23: Temporal Menagerie
***
September 1863: Tony had returned to the fighting for the South with Felix Mannheim at his side. Tony had given both bars of gold and the single bar of silver to Clara with instruction to hide it until after the war. Felix left his silver for her to keep for him until he returned. Both men had changed their names since they would be guilty of treason if anyone ever connected them to the CSS Arkansas. Will U. Blomee had put his uniform on one of his dead Sailors and would be presumed dead by the Confederacy. He was free to become Tony Russo once again. Felix Mannheim became Rhett Butler…Tony’s idea. Tony had formed a ragtag group of like-minded stragglers to harass the Union Army or to move civilians from harm’s way. In Knoxville, Tony’s motley group of ‘Freedom Fighters’ defended a city that did not wish to be defended from the onslaught of the Union Army. The citizens of Knoxville were predominantly Union sympathizers and wanted very much for the Union to be re-established over the entire country. However, this part of Tennessee was a major rail hub joining the West to the East. Loss of this rail juncture would be a setback to the South almost as much as the loss of the Mississippi River was. The Tennessee River, which was still mostly in Rebel control would be useless to them. The Tennessee was the only river in the South that flowed good distance in a northerly direction. Flowing south to Alabama then north to meet the Mississippi River in Kentucky, it was a vital link to supplying troops in that whole region. All supplies and reinforcements from Virginia would be cut off with the loss of the rail hub. Technically under General Longstreet’s command, Tony was given the field commission of Colonel and ordered by him to harass the enemy with all due haste. Tony knew it was only a matter of time before Sherman’s Army arrived after winning the Battle of Chattanooga. The Union General Burnside’s Army had control of much of the city but Tony’s Calvary unit attacked at will throughout the countryside.
“Captain Butler, fall back. Sharpshooters are on the ridge above us. Take the men up there and take ‘em out. Johnson, you and Rayford are with me,” Tony yelled threw the hail of gunfire. Two of his men fell off their horsed dead.
“Aye Aye, Colonel,” the former Felix Mannheim yelled back.
“You’re in the Army now Mister Butler. It’s yes…not Aye Aye,”
“Aye Aye, sir.”
As Captain Rhett Butler and his group reeled their horses around to head up the hill, they fired blindly into the dense foliage above them. Tony quickly surveyed the scene instantly seeing his mistake. Following the railroad tracks away from the city on the south side of the river, he had led his men into a ravine where at least a dozen Union Soldiers waited in ambush. Just a little further on, both sides of the hill dropped off and the railway was elevated above the surrounding terrain. Tony and the two men with him had to get there to have any chance of getting out alive. “Follow me!” he ordered as he prodded his steed forward also firing his revolver blindly into the lush green landscape. Within moments they were out of the trap. He forced his unwilling horse to go down the steep embankment while attempting to reload. Shots rang out from below where a small stream meandered from beneath the tracks. New chiselled granite formed the tunnel that led underneath the train tracks to the other side. Tony recognized this place. He and his men could escape that way but Tony no longer wished to escape. He was mad that he had been caught in the trap and wanted to destroy the Union Soldiers. He and his men rode full speed towards the seven soldiers using the tunnel entrance as cover and in a hail of gunfire, cut them all down. When the smoke cleared, Tony froze. Standing there in the entrance was a man wearing a pair of tan Bermuda shorts a red polo shirt. He had one hand on the granite wall and was staring down as a mangled Union Soldier floated past him in the blood red stream. When he looked up, Tony pulled back on the reigns and the horse stood on its hind legs. He couldn’t believe who he saw.
“Levi?”
Just as he said my name another enemy Soldier shot from above him nearly hitting his horse. Tony fired back putting a round in his face. When Tony turned back, the apparition was gone.
“Colonel, all clear,” Captain Butler said riding down to the creek side. “Are you okay?” he asked seeing the shock on Tony’s face.
“Yes, Felix. I’m fine. It’s just…never mind. Let’s get the men back together, bury our dead, and move on. Never let me move our troops forward without scouting first. That’s an order.”
“Aye Aye, sir.”
“Felix, we’re in the Army now. It’s yes…not Aye Aye.”
“Aye Aye, sir”
Tony glanced back at the tunnel entrance where he thought he saw me then rode back up the hill.
***
1864-1865: Ulysses S. Grant was now Commander of all the Armies of the Union and was throwing Soldiers into a meat grinder. His war of attrition was going as planned since he had an enormous supply of reserves while Lee’s dwindled. General William Tecumseh Sherman had begun his ‘March to the Sea’ laying death and destruction in his wake. Atlanta burned and Sherman's juggernaut turned towards Savannah. Tony got there first and convinced rebel forces to abandon it. Then he convinced the mayor to surrender the city before the army got there. Charleston was different. With nearly six thousand men garrisoned there, she intended to fight. Tony knew Sherman would bypass Charleston and split his army to make a pincer movement that would leave no part of the area south of Columbia untouched. He could do nothing.
In Columbia, Tony and his men burned the wooden bridge over the Congaree River to slow Sherman down. It had little effect. Tony stood atop the hill where the Capitol building defiantly mocked the Union cannon and watched as artillery fired from the hill across the river. A shot exploded nearby and both he and Rhett Butler hit the ground. Only Tony stood back up. Tony knelt beside him and automatically raised his head and placed his hand on Felix’s midsection. He felt Mannheim's internal organs spilling out onto the ground. He was still alive but in excruciating pain. Tony knew that he could live for hours in horrible agony before inevitably dying. With their foreheads touching, Tony snapped his neck with one sudden jerk. He stayed there for what seemed like an eternity as shells exploded around him and against the west end of the Capitol building behind him. Water filled his eyes as he headed north.
The river was soon bridged with pontoons and Columbia was put to the torch. The yet unfinished Capitol building was gutted. The only building left intact the next day was a single church whose white steeple was blackened with soot from the previous night’s inferno. Tony watched helplessly atop Arsenal Hill as flames billowed from the Capitol building and much of the rest of the city. Union Soldiers threw stones and bricks at the bronze statue of George Washington in front of the once regal marble seat of the South Carolina State government, breaking our first Presidents riding crop. He continued being pushed northward to Charlotte in North Carolina then into Virginia. He watched as friend after friend fell. Rivers of blood and internal organs spilling from human bodies became a daily sight. This was indeed Hell on Earth. Fighting for what he knew was a lost cause as everyone around died or was maimed. All his ambitions of saving the South from desolation had been fruitless. The South cried in agony for her lost sons and her smoldering, charred land. Tony heard the cries and wept daily. Atlanta, Columbia, and countless other towns had been razed to the ground. Richmond and Charleston, the pearls of the South, lay in rubble from cannon fire as did many, many other towns. The South suffered because it had tried to preserve a poisoned aristocracy holding on to an evil ideology.
By the time his unit joined up with Lee in Virginia, only a handful of his original troops remained. At the surrender at Appomattox, Tony took an oath never to take up arms against the United States and was granted amnesty as were the tens of thousands of men left in the Army of Northern Virginia. First he headed north. His one last attempt to save the South from further agony was to save the one man with the vision and compassion to heal her wounds. Like all his attempts to alter the future; it ended in abject, although expected, failure. Abraham Lincoln was assassinated in Ford's Theater despite Tony's frantic attempts to stop it. Depressed and despondent, he returned to Clara’s plantation for short while.
His uneasy feud with Rafe Duarte continued. On more than one occasion during the war, Rafe had come across Tony and tried to ambush him with no success. Tony once had saved Rafe's life and nursed him back to health but it did not soften Duarte's hatred. Their bitter enmity lasted long beyond the war.
***
June 2nd, 1869: Tony sat in the Tee pee of the Arapaho medicine man named Thunder Cloud. He had lived with the Indians for more than a year and had watched as more and more land was taken from them in broken treaties by the American government. Fighting had been futile and now they were starving. It was as history had recorded but this unforgivable blotch in human history scarred Tony even more deeply than the Civil War had. There were reasons, though convoluted, for the War Between the States but this war on the natives was purely for the purpose of annihilation; genocide due to greed and bigotry. Tony had sided with the tribes and took up arms against the Union army once again. He supplied guns and ammunition to the Indians and thought it ironic that he should become a gun runner that he had so despised in his prior life. But the cause was a just one.
Having been given the name Lost Wolf by the medicine man, Tony sat with Thunder Cloud as he had done so often before. This would be the last time. The starving women, children, and old folks had to move. They knew not where. To a Reservation or into the afterlife...it did not matter. All was gone for them. Their way of life, their lands, the buffalo, even the beaver had been taken by the white man. Nothing was left. This was the lowest Tony had felt since coming to this time. He was, as always, helpless to change the course of events. The Indian wars would continue for some time but Tony had no stomach for it any longer. He could change nothing and he became bitter because of it. His anger was directed toward the politicians in the White House but not limited to them. Cynicism and disappointment for the human species ran rampant through his mind even more so than during the war. ‘If only I could have saved Lincoln, things would have been different,’ he thought on more than one occasion.
***
February 23, 1887: Tony stood beside the freshly covered grave of Clarissa Mae Grant. Her twenty two year old son stood weeping beside him. Felix Grant was son to Felix Mannheim (Rhett Butler). Clara and he had never married because the Union Army law during the occupation period of the war had forbade it unless both swore allegiance to the North which Felix would not do. Tony hadn’t even known they had been in that type of a relationship until after the war. It nearly killed her when Tony told her the news of his death.
“Uncle Tony, you wanna go in now?” Felix asked unsteadily.
“Not quite yet. You go ahead. I’ll be along shortly.” Tony sat on the ground after the young lad left and stared at the grave. All the years that he had known Clara, he always thought that there was something strangely familiar about her. It wasn’t until her death that his reconciled that feeling to something tangible. Looking at her lying in her coffin, he saw Beverly Brandywine. The picture that he had seen Christmas Day of the Colonel’s wife lying in her coffin looked exactly like the women they buried here today. That bit of insight didn’t help to relieve the pain he felt at that moment that they lowered her into the ground, however. How unfair that someone as noble and gracious as she should perish while he remained. How many times he wished he could die, he couldn’t count. Clara had suffered terribly from cancer. So often she asked him to end it for her but he couldn’t do it. She suffered because he was too weak to let her go. “I’m sorry, Clara. I wished I could have loved you the way you deserved. I wish I could have made everything easier for you including your death. Your suffering is over now. Sleep in peace, my dear woman. Peace is still far from me.” He sat there until the sun went down then returned to the house.
***
June 22nd, 1898: Tony stands aboard windswept deck of Admiral Dewey’s flagship in Manila bay as Surrender is demanded. The Spanish have been defeated thoroughly by the American fleet and the Philippines fall under the protection of the United States.
***
May 17th, 1917: Tony had the bastard in his sights. All he had to do was pull the trigger. All was not quiet on the Western Front in Northern France. Men exchange fire at will as artillery exploded all around. Tony pulled the trigger and a man’s head exploded…but not the head for which he was aiming. Just as he fired, another German stepped in front and inadvertently took the bullet. “Shit!” Tony exclaimed as he re-loaded and aimed again. The German he was trying to shoot was now back in the trench that surrounded his artillery piece. Tony saw him peak his head over the top for only a moment then disappear.
“Charge!” sounded from the trenches and hundreds of men scampered out of the trenches and surged forward into barbed wire and a hail of crippling gunfire. Tony darted straight to the foxhole where he had seen his target. The man was gone. Fate had taken Tony's chance to remove the most heinous criminal in human history...Adolf Hitler.
***
December 9th, 1941-September 12th, 1945: Tony fought the Japanese in every major battle in America’s island hopping campaign.
***
1950-1982: He fought in every war or peace action the United States was involved in from Korea to Granada. The jungles of Vietnam proved particularly difficult for him because he didn’t believe in the cause for which he was fighting. While in Vietnam, he was witness to 'Captain' Brandywine’s act of valor rescuing a crippled Commander Farley and his team from certain death or capture. Tony assisted in the ensuing firefight and rescue and flew out of the jungle with them as he fired the M-60 door gun into the trees. Although names were not exchanged, he knew the ‘Colonel’ had gotten a good look at him.
Wars came and wars went. The cold war came and stayed taking on various forms. In his lifetime, Tony saw more horrors perpetrated on other humans than his brain could filter. During the Civil War, in a little log cabin just north of Atlanta, Tony found a woman slaughtered with her unborn fetus hanging from her belly still attached to its umbilical cord. In Virginia, he walked past dozens of bloated corpses of men and horses on the side of the road. Dogs and vultures fed on them. At field hospitals, stacks of arms and legs were piled as high as ten or fifteen feet. Flies buzzed and millions of maggots crawled in the stiff, rotting, tangle of appendages. The smell was so powerful and rancid that he had to breathe through his covered mouth. Even then, he could taste the rancid air. In the Philippines, he saw the aftermath of years of rape and torture of the people by the Japanese. He saw Japanese women in Okinawa jump from the cliffs. He viewed the remains of self-disemboweled women that believed the propaganda of their Emperor. “Worse will happen when the Americans come.” He knew of the Semitic genocide that was occurring in Europe and was grateful he didn’t have to see the inhumanity of the concentration camps. In Korea, he saw many men frozen, eyes open and still clutching their rifles. In Vietnam, he saw POW’s tortured beyond comprehension. Whether in battle or on the streets of America, he found human indignities and cruelties in abundance.
In peace time, he searched for solace but found little. He visited Walden Pond made famous by the philosopher Henry David Thoreau. Walden Pond was a favorite book of both Tony and I. After the Great War, he spent two years there in seclusion as Thoreau had done nearly three quarters of a century earlier. The roof leaked. When the stock market crashed in 1929, Tony and Felix Grant came out without damage to their finances. The Great Depression wasn’t all that depressing for them. They in fact became wealthier. Tony knew many details in history that could have made him one of the wealthiest men in America but he cared little for money. He became an expert at sailing small boats and spent many months going from this port to that. His time on the water was the closest that he ever got to finding peace. After Vietnam, he focused on travel and learning different languages and cultures. Japan was his favorite country to visit because of the kindness and politeness of its people. It was hard for him to believe that he had ever taken up arms against them; or they with him.
He had other more personal interests too. In the early 1960’s, he attempted to track his origins but with absolutely no luck. He continued the quest throughout the 70’s with the same result. During this time, he also investigated any leads that were associate to anyone that was called the Dutchman but his access to confidential government files and CIA records was nil. Had he the foresight and started decades earlier, he could have been grooming himself for a position that would have allowed him such access. Nothing on the Dutchman hit his radar. He did discover some interesting facts and anomalies that would interest Nicholas.
Mostly though, his thoughts still obsessed over his Ukrainian princess. Time had not lessened his desire or love for Natasha. If anything, it had served to enhance the intensity of that desire. For over a century, the image of her had been his only motivation to live and had been his sole companion that outlived every friend or acquaintance he had ever known. During the Civil War, he had come to the realization that he would be left standing alone while everyone around him died, so he chose to be an emotional recluse; never allowing himself to get close to anyone. After Clara’s death, he saw great merit in the practice and it became his rule of thumb. He moved around frequently so he wouldn’t have to explain his eternal youthfulness. Through it all, Tasha was the only reality on which he could count. His time with her was approaching. However; it seemed the closer he got, the slower time took.
***
July 15th, 1987: On the evening of the attack on Tony’s bar, he had been watching as Natasha drove up. He was forced to kill two snipers. They were about to shoot her just before she was unceremoniously pulled into the bar by the original Tony.
***
October -December, 1987 and January-March, 1988: Tony, aka William Blume, watches Natasha and guards her while his original-self trains in Parris Island and Pensacola. Guarding her was unnecessary but he couldn’t help himself. He had become a stalker and lived only to catch brief glimpses of the woman he loved. His heart raced with every sighting of her. ‘This would be creepy to someone who didn’t know the whole story,’ Tony imagined.
***
May 2nd, 1988: Tony enters Charlie and Jessica’s house under the guise of a telephone repairman. He caused a problem with their phone lines and was on the telephone pole when Jessica came out to ask him what the problem was. He was well disguised and Jessica didn’t recognize him. As she fiddled in the kitchen, Tony put the name William Blume on the guest list along with his current mailing address. Tony knew the invitations would be printed and mailed the next day without further review. It felt a bit strange to invite himself to his own wedding.
***
June 10th, 1988 @ 2:13 PM: Tony/William Blume, dressed in a fat suit and wearing a lifelike putty mask, watches as Nicholas and Tony are chatting in the main dining room. Nicholas catches his gaze and points him out to Tony. 'Shit! I’d forgotten about that,' Tony thought and diverted his stare. He remembered that at the wedding, a hundred and thirty years ago, he had seen a man watching him that looked to be a greasy politician. Tony looked down at his fake fat stomach and realized that was exactly how he looked. ‘I should have just worn a Satan costume,’ he thought.
***
June 10th, 1988 @ 10:38 PM: Tony /William Blume watches as his original-self places the wine and glasses on the stairs to investigate the noise in the wall. He wants so badly to stop his former self from entering the passage but knows he cannot. As the former Tony vanishes through the kitchen and goes into the cellar from the outside entrance, William Blume removes his fat suit and face putty to become Tony Russo once again. He listens to the wall as Tony enters the chamber under the stairs. After a few seconds, there is only silence. His former self has just stepped into more than a century and a quarter of hellish angst and anxiety.
Slowly he walked to the bridal chamber. The moment for which he had been waiting over a century for was at hand. He had watched Natasha from a distance since she arrived in America but understood he could never approach her until this moment. As he walked to the bedroom, he thought about all the things he wanted to say. There was so much to tell her and he didn’t know where to begin. That could wait till tomorrow or later. For now, he just wanted to touch her face and look into her eyes once again. He entered the room silently and made his way to the bed. She had already fallen asleep. It had to have been an exhausting day for her, he thought. He stared at her for a minute or an hour. Time no longer had any meaning to him. Setting the wine on the end table, he bent down and kissed her soft lips and felt an indescribable energy course through his body. It was as if his heart started beating for the first time after a long, restless sleep. He inhaled her scent deeply, waking Tasha from her slumber.
“Tony…I must have dozed off. What took you so long, baby?” she asked as she placed her hand on his chest. “Your heart is racing. Is something wrong?”
“No sweetheart. Everything is exactly as it should be,” he whispered as he leaned in to kiss her again.
When Darkness Shines Bright: Book Three
Excerpt from Chapter Ten: Three men sat paralyzed at the back table naked, battered, and dripping blood. Two had their eyes opened showing obvious terror as the third one breathed no more. In the middle of the alleyway cafe, a bloody shredded corpse dangled swinging like a side of beef. A dozen more trapped victims gazed in horror at the morbid exhibit before them. Zeke, the gang leader, recognized his tortured co-conspirators from a few nights prior and turned to Tony with sudden awareness. Tony Russo locked his steely gaze and pulled a tattered, well-worn rope. A mixture of gasoline and gelatin poured from a dozen buckets perched precariously from the roof into the confined space of the alley cafe coating Tony’s surprised guests with a volatile mixture adhering tenaciously like Napalm to their bodies and clothing. When the lethal concoction oozed to the already flaming gate, an inferno erupted with a ‘whoosh’ and a wall of heat and wind pushed violently into the chilly night air. Shrill, agonizing screams from the dozen or so victims echoed in the narrow alleyway. Fire enveloped them as they danced around grotesquely and fell writhing to the ground. The din of the screams slowly died as the fire consumed the wooden furniture and popped ferociously. Ivy climbing up the brick walls, as the fire licked at it; smoldered, turned brown, and became enveloped in flame themselves. The burning corpse hanging in the center crashed to the ground as an amorphous mass of charred flesh and flames. Sirens sounded in the distance and Tony waited as they came closer. He wanted to savor every moment. Flames singed his hair and scorched his face but he stood there and watched these people die in an infernal burning hell...a hell that burned in his very soul. Russian opera music played in Tony's head as thunder and lightning boomed threateningly over nearby Arkansas. Taking one last photo, he dropped into a manhole in the street and crawled through the filth and slime of the sewer to the edge of the Mississippi.
This was the man that Tony Russo had become. A man filled with hate and craving vengeance with his every breath. But it was not the man he once was. His life, like most others, started with hopes, dreams, and aspirations of a life filled with love and joy. I once had similar dreams as well. Henry David Thoreau once said, “The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation.” That was true of me but Tony's desperation was far from quiet or subdued. This is our story.

About The Author
My youth is covered later in detail in Leviticus Prime and adulthood in other volumes so the only thing left is perhaps a summary and my current status. I went to college at the University of North Carolina in Charlotte and at the University of Tennessee at Knoxville. Though Anthropology was my major, I found it too difficult to limit myself to one subject. I became knowledgeable at a great many things but expert at none. Moving around the South as much as I have, I’ve seen a great many beautiful things and places. I love the South and would choose to live nowhere else. Currently, I live in Columbia, South Carolina where I first discovered life. In my spare time, I substitute teach at several Lexington County Elementary Schools as a part time venture. The children at that level inspire me with their honesty and desire to help and I am made young again. As a writer, I find that very necessary.

