An Heir At Any Price:
The Billionaire’s Obsession

By Holly Rayner

Copyright 2014 by Holly Rayner

All rights reserved. Except for use in any review, the reproduction or utilization of this work in whole or in part by any means, now known or hereafter invented, including xerography, photocopying and recording, or in any information storage or retrieval system, is forbidden without the explicit written permission of the author.

All characters depicted in this fictional work are consenting adults, of at least eighteen years of age. Any resemblance to persons living or deceased, particular businesses, events, or exact locations are entirely coincidental.


Table of Contents:

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen




~

Chapter One

~



HOLLY

I smiled at the man with the hundred thousand dollar ring on his pinky and the three thousand dollar suit on his back as I poured him another cup of coffee. When I’m poised above him this way and the light hits him just right, I can see the tiny little black dots where his hair plugs had been put in recently. When he tilts his head up and smiles at me his upper lip pulls back so far that I can see where the tops of his veneers end along his gum line. If he turns to the right as the sun comes through the big picture window, I can see the loose skin along his neck that has slipped out of the knot the plastic surgeon has tied, likely more than once. His name is Bob Carlton and he is the CEO of some company or other and although he is at least fifty years older than me, he still seems to think that we’re hitting it off. Perhaps it’s because I’m nice to him, because I smile and ask about his day, but come on guy… I’m a waitress, that’s my job. It’s like being an actress. I look at it as working for my tips. Then again, I look around me and I can count at least three of my co-workers, one of them male, who would overlook the astronomical age difference if it involved early retirement and jet setting around the world. 

It was Monday and it was passing slowly, as usual. I don’t understand why the days here always drag, it’s not like we’re standing around doing nothing. I don’t even have to go to the gym any longer; I get a great workout right here. Sometimes I think it’s because I feel like my life itself is just standing still. It never evolves or changes, it’s always the same. 

I would love to be somewhere else, anywhere else. When I’m home at night, alone in the cocoon of my tidy little low rent apartment I dream about it, but there are bills to be paid and I’m the only one available to pay them. In other words, at twenty-four I’m taking care of my alcoholic mother as well as paying my own not so cheap rent. I don’t really dislike my job, but when you’re a little girl, no one ever says, “I want to be a waitress and spend my days kissing the asses of rich old men all day when I grow up.” I dream daily of a quick escape. I have a fantasy of a sudden opportunity presenting itself, but that dream never involves a Bob Carlton or a comfortable life in return for having to remove his withered old hand from my hip five times a day. So I work and I go home and I work some more and for the most part, I accept my lot in life. I was dealt a hand and I have to play it, or fold. I wasn’t ready to fold just yet. 

I have to be grateful that I was able to get a job at this place. It’s an upscale café located in the heart of the business district. My customers are rich and most of the time their tips are big. It was the one area in my life where I could count myself truly lucky. 

The lunch rush was beginning to subside and I was just starting to catch my breath when it was completely taken away again by the man who walked in the door. It was Aiden Scott. He came in almost every day at least once lately, sometimes twice. He was in his late twenties and tall, dark and dreamy, he added some color to my otherwise dark world. His dark hair was perfectly mussed at all times and his dark eyes were so intense that sometimes if I looked directly at them I felt like they were penetrating my very soul. My stomach fluttered just at the sight of him, but unlike Bob, when Mr. Scott smiles at me I swear my heart physically jumps up into my throat leaving my chest aching and my breaths shortened. The best part was that he would come in and make actual real conversation with me. I’d even started watching the news, a thing I hadn’t thought I had time for in the past, so that I could hold an intelligent conversation with him. 

“There’s your boyfriend,” Myra, one of my co-workers whispered into my ear when he walked in the door. Myra was thirty-something and married to a man that she loved dearly and thought the rest of us should be married and as happy as she was. She was always trying to set me up, but since Aiden had been coming in for the past two months, she’d decided that he was the one for me. 

“Yeah right,” I said with a laugh. I wasn’t sure what Aiden Scott’s background was, or what he did for a living, but I could tell just by the way he dressed and how he carried himself that he didn’t come from the same place I did. Unlike the other businessmen who came in, I never heard him talking about his business, or bragging about some big million dollar deal he closed. He made polite conversation with me, and occasionally others at the café, but it was never personal. Not about him anyways, he did seem interested in my life….not that I had much of one.

I had noticed that the other businessmen treated him differently than they did each other. There was no crass talk or backslapping. I wasn’t sure if that was because they didn’t really like him, or because they were for some reason, intimidated by him. Even the older wealthy guys are deferential to him. In the two months that he’s been coming in here to the coffee shop, and in all of the conversations that I’ve had with him I still had no idea if he was even married or not. I hadn’t asked him either. It wasn’t something a waitress should be asking her customers, and either way I was certain that he was way out of my league, I was okay with it. The last thing I had time for in my life was a relationship anyways. 

“She’s not kidding,” Rose, another of my fellow wait staffers said. “He only comes in when you’re working, I swear. He’s memorized your schedule.”

“And he always sits in your section no matter how many other tables are open,” Myra added.

“And, he can’t take his eyes off of you. And he’s oh so dreamy…Now pick up your orders, all three of you and take your fine little butts out there on the floor and serve them before my food gets cold!” 

That was Joe, our boss. He seems like an old grump and that’s probably good because that’s what he wants us and everyone else to believe, but the truth be told I have never worked for a better guy. He had a heart of gold, no matter how grumpy he likes to pretend to be. Joe was about fifty years old and built like a truck. Running a café for wealthy people is not something you’d think if you just saw him on the street. But he’d been successful, thanks in part to his baking and cooking skills and in part to his knack for hiring waiters and waitresses that fit in and stuck. His rate of turnover was very low. 

To keep him from saying dreamy again, we did as we were told and picked up our orders. On the way to serve my table, I smiled at Aiden. 

“I’ll be right back with you.” He smiled back and my heart lurched once again.

“No hurry, Holly.” 

For some reason when he said my name it sounded so much prettier than when anyone else said it. It may have been my imagination, sparked by Rose and Myra’s goading, but I swear I could feel his eyes on me the entire time I was serving my table. When I turned back towards him, he was still looking at me. I wondered if he knew how he turned my insides to mush whenever he looked at me that way.

“Are you ready to order Mr. Scott or do you need a few minutes?” I asked him.

“How’s the special today?” he asked. Our special of the day was, ‘Blackened Tilapia with rice pilaf.’ It was pretty good and I told him so. 

He handed me his menu and said, “I’ll trust you on the tilapia, Holly.” He smiled again, never taking his eyes off of mine. His intense eye contact made me a nervous wreck sometimes, but it was incredibly sexy too. I swallowed hard around the lump in my throat.

“Just water to drink?” He always just had water to drink. He never deviated, no coke or tea or coffee, always just water for the two straight months he’d been coming in here every day. He must have some awesomely healthy kidneys. 

“Yes, Holly. Just water,” he said. The way he said my name with almost every sentence he spoke was incredibly sexy as well. It made my mind take little trips down a road where we were laying together and he was whispering my name into my ear right before he kissed me...I told him I’d be right back and laughed at myself as I walked away. That man is not interested in a meek little waitress. I needed to leave that notion where it belonged…in my co-workers heads. 

I got two other tables while I was waiting for Aiden’s order to come up. Both of my tables were on the other side of his so each time I went over, I had to pass his table and each time I did, he would smile and run his eyes slowly from my head all the way down to my toes. That sort of thing from a man I didn’t know generally made me uncomfortable. In Aiden’s case, it made me nervous, and it made me shudder, but in a good way. It wasn’t creepy, it was more….appreciative. 



AIDEN


Holly knew I was watching her. I could tell by the way she would nervously tuck a piece of hair behind her ear as she walked by, or act like she was looking at someone or something on the other side of the room so she didn’t have to make eye contact with me. I didn’t want to make her nervous, that was not my intention, but I honestly couldn’t take my eyes off of her. This girl had no idea how pretty she is. I know this because when you make eye contact with a beautiful woman who knows that she’s beautiful she’ll hold your gaze and dare you to ask her out. A woman that doesn’t know she’s beautiful will get nervous and flustered when you look her in the eyes. Holly was definitely the latter, but that may work to my advantage. 

I’d been coming in this little coffee shop every day for the past two months for the sole purpose of getting to know her. I know that simply asking her out might be a quicker approach, but if she accepted, and because of her meekness I’m not convinced that she would, people aren’t always themselves on the first few dozen dates. I figured that in her workplace when she was in her own element, she was more likely to be herself. 

I was testing her, bringing up current events to see what she would say. So far, she was doing very well. Holly showed me time and time again that she was not only reading the news, but she was also using her brain to form her own opinions about it. She was definitely starting to look like she might be just who I’ve been looking for. 

We talked about the weather and the changing climate. We talked about recycling and going green. We talked about where I was from and where I’d gone to high school. In every conversation I was impressed by her insightfulness and intelligence. Occasionally it was interjected with humor and she was raised in my mind to the next level of my plan. 

I had to be sure she was perfect though before I moved forward. I don’t mean perfect in the sense that she has no flaws, I mean perfect for my needs, my purposes. I’ve done a lot of research on nature vs nurture. I’ve found out a lot about what traits are more than likely inherited, and which ones are likely learned. I needed to find a woman with strong traits in the area of nature, those that would be passed on to her offspring. 

I can get pretty much any woman that I want, but this isn’t about a date, or even a relationship. I’m not looking for a girlfriend or a wife. What I am looking for, what I need is a woman who is healthy, attractive, intelligent, and witty and will be willing to help me create a beautiful, perfect child and then walk away.


~

Chapter Two

~



My day had been long and grueling. We were busy already when I got there for the lunch rush and I hit the ground running and didn’t stop. All of the worst customers, the ones that liked to make substitutions, the ones that liked to complain and the grabby old men that wanted to touch my butt had shown up, and to make it all worse, Aiden Scott hadn’t made a single appearance. I guess Rose and Myra were wrong; he didn’t come in every time I was on shift. I had looked towards the door every time it jangled, busy or not, expecting it to be him. I was hoping that it was him….It was silly. I knew there was no chance of Aiden Scott and I ever going anywhere except conversation and light flirting in the café, but I was okay with that. My life was so far from where I thought it would be and had hoped it would be at this stage. I work at a job that is going absolutely nowhere. I take care of a mother who loves to drink and is never going to stop. I don’t have much to look forward to, so I tell myself that looking forward to Aiden Scott walking in that door every day is no big deal. He’s more than nice to look at and he’s fun and interesting to talk to. It’s no big deal until days like today when he doesn’t. 

I was on close-up duty tonight and was counting down the minutes. Everyone else was gone, even the cook. Joe said he had a football game to get to and all of the customers had left already. I’d closed up alone before, and I was okay with it. I hoped that was it for the night, but at least if anyone came in now it would be an easy coffee and pie. Everything was done and as soon as I turned that sign for the night, I would be out of here too. I had just over half an hour so I decided to go in the kitchen and check Joe’s supplies back there and see if there was anything I could help set up for him in the morning. Just as I walked into the back, the door jangled. Cursing under my breath I turned around and was looking into the dark chocolate eyes of Aiden Scott. 

“Well hello,” I said. “I’m surprised to see you here so late.”

He smiled, God I love that smile… “I just finished up a long day and thought I’d see if you had any coffee left.”

“I do, but its mud. I’ll make you a fresh pot, have a seat.” Aiden sat down at the counter instead of his usual table. 

“Long day for you too?” he asked, taking a seat on the vinyl stool. 

“Yes, very,” I told him as I put a new pod in the coffee pot and pushed the brew button. “I am extremely happy that closing time is looming in the almost reachable distance.”

“Big plans for when you get out of here?” he asked.

I laughed, “Yes, I plan on taking a long soak in the tub, putting on my pajamas, making a cup of tea and reading my book.”

“That sounds like a perfect evening,” he said. 

“Sure, I’ll bet you have gentleman clubs, fast cars and pretty girls in your near future.” I’m not sure why I said that. It wasn’t like me to be so direct.

Now he laughed, “I gave up the club life when I stopped being a child and became a man. As far as the pretty girls go, that’s why I come here.”

I felt my face go hot and I knew I was blushing. The coffee pot beeped and saved me, I was able to turn around, hopefully in time to keep him from seeing me turn red like a twelve year old. 

“Coffee’s ready,” I sang out, sounding as nervous as I felt.

When I turned back towards him he was smiling. I flipped over his cup and filled it with the fragrant, steaming coffee. After I sat the pot back down he said, “You really have no idea how pretty you are, do you?”

Now there was nowhere for me to turn. I knew my face was bright red, and worst of all, I didn’t know what to say. How do you answer that question? Before I had to he said, “I’m sorry, Holly, I didn’t mean to embarrass you.”

I forced myself to smile and said, “Oh it’s fine, I’m just not used to such nice compliments. Thank you.”

“Why?” he said, tilting his head to one side like he was genuinely curious. I knew what he was asking, but I was stalling.

“Why what?”

“Why aren’t you used to it? It seems to me that people should be telling you at least once a day if not more often how pretty you are.”

Now he was the one being direct, and as nice as his praise was, I was exceedingly uncomfortable with it. 

“Would you like a piece of pie to go with your coffee?” I asked him.

He threw his head back this time and laughed. “My sweet Holly,” he said, causing my stomach to do a somersault. “Again, I’m sorry for embarrassing you but it’s hard for me to come in here every day and not at least comment on your beauty. I’ve done that now, so let’s move on to safer ground. Tell me about yourself, Holly. What do you like to do when you’re not here at Joe’s café?”

That was another dreaded question to me. What did I like to do? I wasn’t even sure anymore. I never did anything but work and take care of my mother who had no hobbies of her own besides lifting a glass to her lips and a bottle to her glass. 

“I mostly just work, and read,” I told him.

“Okay but do this for me, picture yourself at a place in your life where you don’t have to work so much, and your choices are so much more wide open than reading, what would you like to do?”

I thought about that and then I said, “Well, I love horses. I don’t get much of a chance to see them in real life, but when I was a kid, we lived next to an elderly couple who had horses that they weren’t able to ride any longer. The man, I called him “Grandpa,” he taught me how to take care of them, brush them out, feed them, saddle and bridle them, and once I was able to do all of that on my own, he let me ride them whenever I wanted to. It was such a free feeling, you know?”

“I do know,” he said with a smile. “I love to ride too. Maybe you and I could take a ride together someday.” I only smiled at that, I didn’t answer him. I was sure he was only saying it to be polite anyways. “So tell me more, what else will you do when you have more time?”

I shrugged, “I love the beach,” I said. “I’d like to just sit on the beach with a good book and some suntan lotion. I might like to try one of those whale-watching tours someday. I’d like to take a flight somewhere, anywhere…I’ve never been on a plane, or a train, and I’d love to take a train across the country. I want to go skydiving….” I realized that he was laughing and I said, “What?”

“I was just thinking, you finally get on a plane and you want to jump out of it.”

I laughed too, the man had a point. “I was babbling anyways,” I said. “Do you want some more coffee?”

“I’d love some,” he said. “If we still have time? I know you’re trying to close up.”

“Everything’s done,” I told him, and then surprising myself I said, “I’m going to turn the sign and you can have another cup, one more won’t hurt. I’m enjoying the conversation.”

He grinned and said, “Me too. Pour me another cup. You can go on with your list. You weren’t babbling at all. But first I’m going to visit the men’s room.” I nodded and poured the coffee while I watched him go. He was just so incredibly handsome that it was hard to believe he was here in real life. It was like he walked off of a movie set or something. It was even harder for me to believe that he thought I was pretty, and interesting enough to have a conversation with. Maybe he was just that nice. I sat the pot back down and flipped it off so I wouldn’t forget. Then I went over to turn the sign. Just as I got to the front door a man pushed it open, so hard that he nearly knocked me over. Once I got my bearings back I said, “I’m sorry sir, we’re closed.”

The man was dressed in a black suit. He was middle-aged, balding in back and he had a significant paunch in the front. None of that was what stood out about him though. What stood out was the fact that he absolutely reeked of alcohol. It smelled like it was coming out of his pores. He looked at me then, like he’d only just noticed me. His eyes ran down and then up my body in a leery, disgusting way. Then he licked his lips. I had to choke down the bile in the back of my throat. He smiled then and it made his face with its thin lips and close-set eyes look as warm as a reptile. He still hadn’t said anything, which made the whole encounter even creepier.

“Um, sir….I’m going to have to ask you to leave and come back when we’re open…”

Slurring his speech slightly he said, “Your sign says you’re open.”

“Yes, I’m sorry about that. I was just going to turn it.”

“I’m inside now though so turn it all you want. Then get me a cup of coffee and maybe a piece of pie too will you sweet cheeks?”

I didn’t care for where this was going, but there was no way I was getting this creep a cup of coffee unless it was to pour over his head.

“Listen,” I said, trying a firmer tone. “We’re closed. I’m not going to make you any coffee and I’m only going to ask you one more time to go. If you choose not to I’ll be forced to call the police.”

He seemed to find my firm tone amusing as he stepped forward and into my face. I could smell his sour breath, whatever he ate for dinner mixed with too many gin and tonics and I actually retched. I was so busy trying to evade this creep that I didn’t notice Aiden had come out of the bathroom. The creepy drunk was suddenly grabbed by the shoulders and hauled backwards. Aiden shoved the man against the glass window of the café and said, “I believe the lady said she was closed. It’s time for you to go.”

The man was either so drunk that his faculties weren’t working properly or he was just an idiot, I’m not sure which but when Aiden who was close to a foot taller than this man and could match him pound for pound in pure muscle, let go of him, the drunk took a swing. Aiden moved back and the man’s fist swing through the air as if in slow motion. Shaking his head like he was thinking this guy was as big a moron as I thought he was, Aiden grabbed him again and took him over to the door. He opened it with one hand shoved him out with the other. I watched as the man stumbled and fell on his face on the pavement. Aiden turned the lock on the door and then turned to me. 

“Excuse me for one minute.” 

He took out his phone and a second later I heard him talking to the police saying, “Yes, I actually get the feeling the alcohol has made him braver than he might otherwise be but I don’t want him hurting anyone before that happens.”

After he hung up he turned to me and said, “Are you okay, Holly? He didn’t hurt you, did he?”

“No, he didn’t, I’m fine. He just scared me a little bit. Your coffee is there, I’m just going to finish putting those pies away and make sure everything’s turned off in the kitchen before I leave.”

“How about I help you do all that? I’ll even wash my own coffee cup. Then you can join me for some dinner.”

It was said like a statement, not a question, “Um…I’m really not very….”

“Don’t say no, Holly, please. It’s only dinner.”

“Um….Okay, I guess I have to eat,” I said. Smooth, Holly.

He grinned and took out his phone again. I thought that he was calling a cab until we finished cleaning up and shutting things and I saw the limousine sitting out front with a well-dressed driver standing with the back door open. I swallowed hard and glanced down at my black waitress uniform with a tiny gravy stain on the bottom. I hoped wherever we were going didn’t match the elegance of the car that was taking us there. 


~

Chapter Three

~



My wish didn’t come true. If I thought I felt out of place in the back of the big, black, shiny car I knew for a fact that I would feel out of place at the restaurant. As Aiden helped me out of the car I said, “I’m not exactly dressed for a place like this.” He slid his eyes over me, leaving a trail of heat in its wake.

“You look beautiful. We’ve got no one to impress.” He maybe has no one to impress. I don’t think my confidence would hold up to his under scrutiny. Before I could protest further, he held out his arm and I took it. It was that or run for a cab. He led me into the upscale Italian restaurant where the lighting was dim and soft Italian love songs were playing in the background and I was suddenly thrust into his world. The hostess immediately greeted us and led us back to, “Mr. Scott’s table.” On our walk through the restaurant I could feel all eyes on us. My shoddy self-confidence would like to believe it was related to my appearance, but I honestly think I was practically invisible. The eyes were on him, and who could blame them? Tonight he was wearing a black dress shirt that he probably had a jacket and tie on with it at some point. They were gone now and I appreciated that as I watched the smooth material of the shirt ripple across his tight muscles with his every movement. 

We were seated at a beautiful little table next to a floor to ceiling window that looked out on a lovely man-made canal with a sweet little bridge going across it. The light from the almost full moon danced across the water and the reflection played across the table where we sat. Our table was secluded from the rest of the patrons by large, lush sego palms in giant pots. For that, I was grateful. The walk to and from the table was humiliating enough. The table was thick, shiny oak and so were the chairs. Ours held a vase of fresh flowers and a set of red candles in a silver sconce on the table.

Without Aiden even asking, a bottle of wine was brought to the table and when the waiter left I said, “This place is beautiful; it seems they know you well.”

He grinned and said, “Yes, I come here often. I don’t know if you like seafood, but their Lobster Alfredo is world renowned.”

“I love seafood,” I told him. Not that on my budget I get to taste it that often. “That sounds perfect.”

We were brought a plate of sourdough toast and a bowl of tapenade and Aiden poured us each a glass of wine. 

“Do you not care for wine, Holly? I’d be happy to have them bring you something else.”

“One glass would be perfect. Thank you Aiden.” I replied. Thanks to my mother’s bad habit I had never been much of a drinker, however I did allow myself the odd glass now and again.

I looked around the restaurant again and I had to wonder what a guy that could afford to, “come here often,” could possibly see in a coffee girl. He must just be one of those really nice people who felt blessed and wanted to share his good fortune with those of us who were less fortunate. In other words, he felt sorry for me.

“I think not drinking too much alcohol is a very respectable choice,” he said. He looked sincere when he said it and before I knew what I was doing, I opened my mouth and said, “It saves me a lot of money.” What the hell was that? 

“That’s true,” he said.

“I’m sorry, I don’t know why I said that.” I felt my face go hot again. 

“Don’t be sorry for being honest, Holly. I find it refreshing. I get exhausted sometimes just trying to sort through what is the truth and what’s not when dealing with people. I would imagine it’s difficult in this economy to make it on a waitress salary.”

I smiled, I couldn’t believe I was discussing my finances with this man whose limousine I’d just ridden in. He was just really easy to talk to. “If not for the tips it would be virtually impossible. I’m thankful for the generosity of my customers.”

“So no husband or boyfriend Holly? No roommate or anyone who helps you out?”

He was easy to talk to and he seemed very non-judgmental but I couldn’t bring myself to tell him about my mother. When you grow up as the child of an alcoholic you learn at a young age how to cover what was going on at home. 

“No, no husband or boyfriend,” I told him. I didn’t mention my mother, but I didn’t lie. “What about you?”

“No, no husband or boyfriend,” he said with a smile. I laughed and then he said, “I’m divorced, from a woman,” he grinned on the last part. 

“Oh, I’m sorry,” I said. I never know what the appropriate response was for, “I’m divorced.” Some people were happy about it and some weren’t who knew?

He smiled and said, “Don’t be sorry, it’s much better this way. She wasn’t happy with me.”

I couldn’t imagine that, not being happy with him.

“Do you have children?” I asked him. He had a strange look on his face and it took him an inordinately long time to answer the question. 

“No, no children,” he said, finally. We ate in silence until we’d finished our meal. I was worried because he’d stopped talking. I thought I’d said something wrong, over-stepped somehow. He asked me if I wanted dessert and I declined and then with that same strange look he said, “Holly, I have a proposition for you.”

Here it goes, he’s going to tell me why a man like him would consider having a date with a waitress like me…This should be good….Or not….

 “Okay.”

“First of all let me tell you about myself. I’m twenty-nine years old and I’m the CEO and owner of Scotto Enterprises, have you heard of it?” I was hoping that my mouth wasn’t hanging open at this point. Of course I’d heard of it. It started as a computer software corporation and being no financial expert, I’m not sure what it’s involved in now, but I do work in a café surrounded by businessmen every day and I’d definitely heard of it. The rumor was that the business was worth billions. 

“Yes, I’ve heard of it,” I said, trying to keep my voice steady. 

“I was married when I was twenty-three to a woman that I thought was the love of my life. We were together for about a year when she told me that she was pregnant. Words can’t even describe how happy that made me. All I ever wanted was a family of my own, and I thought we were well on the way. She had the baby, a beautiful, healthy little boy. I was over the moon. I did everything, I changed diapers, I fed him, and I bathed him. She wanted to hire a nanny, so we did, but I still usually had him with me. I only let the nanny take care of him when I was busy or at work. It wasn’t much though I had arranged my schedule in advance so that I could be home with him during the day. His name was Mark.”

I didn’t like the way he kept saying, “was.” People with babies don’t generally say their child’s name, “was.” If this story ends with a dead baby I might lose my dinner. I didn’t interrupt him though and he continued.

“Just after Mark’s second birthday my wife came to me and said that we needed to talk. She told me that she was having an affair, and had been for over three years. The affair was with a man named Jake, a man I considered my best friend since high school. I gave him a job….Anyways, that was upsetting, what was devastating was what she told me next. She said that Mark wasn’t mine and that she was leaving me, her and Jake intended to move overseas with my child.”

“Oh my God, Aiden that’s horrible.”

“Yes, it was. I didn’t take her word for it of course. I had a DNA test done right away. It turned out that she wasn’t lying. I thought about fighting it in court, but my attorney said that since she was his biological mother and was not considered, “unfit” that I would lose. I thought it was too much to put the baby through if I was going to lose anyways, so I gave up the fight. Sometimes I still feel like I gave up on my son. Then I have to remind myself that he was never mine, and his mother and bi-dad knew it. 

Jake moved his new little family to Europe. He quit his job with me to take one with a corporation that was headquartered in Belgium. I haven’t seen them since. My heart was left with an empty space and for a few years I had no idea what to do. After a lot of thought and research, I’ve come to a decision, and that’s where you come in.”

I was so entranced by his story and so honored that he’d choose me of all people to share it with, that it took me a second to process what he’d said at the end. Then, I was confused. I had no idea how I could help him with this. I was even a little bit afraid to ask. He didn’t wait for me to ask though, instead he just blurted out, “I’d like for you to agree to give me an heir.”

I’m glad he waited until I was finished eating or I may have choked. 
	

~

Chapter Four

~



I think I was in shock, just a little bit. I barely knew this guy. Until tonight, I didn’t even really know who he was. An heir, he wants me to have his baby? How do I even answer that? Maybe he’s a little bit crazy. He was staring at me though, looking at me with those damned beautiful, deep intelligent eyes…

“I-I-don’t even know what to say,” I finally sputtered out. 

“Holly, I know this must be a shock to you. I’m sorry if it upsets you at all, but let me finish okay?” I nodded dumbly and he continued, “I will of course pay you…extremely well. While you’re with child I will pay all of your living expenses and you will live in luxury. I will pay all of the medical bills, I will give you a clothing allowance, and then, after my child is born, I will give you another large sum of money.” He wrote a number on a napkin that contained more zeros than I’d ever seen in reference to money I could ever earn. “Then afterwards, you will not have any further contact with us.”

I was still looking at him like he had two heads. This was surreal. Who asks a person they don’t know to have a baby for money? A lot of money, but money nonetheless, but who does that? 

“Holly, I can see that you’re in shock, and I don’t blame you. I will give you a week to think this over and if you have any questions at all, I will answer them. This is a huge decision, I understand that. But, women do this all the time, right? It’s called surrogacy and it’s perfectly legal and socially acceptable. I will have my attorney’s draw up a tight contract. In the meantime, we can get to know each other better. You can get to know me better and see that I would have a lot to offer as a father.”

And then I go away. No further contact. “Why me?” That was all I could think to ask. 

“I spent two months watching you, Holly, talking to you, seeing you with your friends, co-workers, customers and boss. You’re beautiful, you’re intelligent, you’re young enough to do this, and you’re in financial need. I could go on and on. There were certain qualities that I was looking for and you have them all. You’ll come out the other end of it with money enough to do all of those things you told me you wanted to do and then some. It would be a win-win situation.”

“Um…I still don’t know what to say,” I said. I don’t believe I’ve ever been at such a loss for words. He was right that surrogacy was a legitimate thing, and I had even been so hard up for money that looking into it had crossed my mind. I’d never got around to looking into it, or maybe I didn’t look into it on purpose because I didn’t think I could do it…

“Just tell me you’ll go on a date or two with me, give it the week and think about it. That will also give you time to research it. I know that I’m asking you to use your body here, and it would never be the same after, so you should do some research on that too.” He was looking at me with those deep, sexy eyes…what else could I do? I agreed to think about it for the week. As far as dating him, I told him we’d play that by ear. 

After our “date,” I wanted to take a cab home, badly. I really didn’t want Aiden’s twenty foot limousine to drop me off in front of my crappy little apartment. My neighborhood wasn’t terrible, but it was definitely working class, and my apartment complex was definitely of the low rent variety. He insisted, however and it was getting more evident that this man hated the word, “No.” 

I gave the driver directions and I said a little prayer that Mom was inside and not out for her nightly cigarette when we got there. She was staying with me for a few days while the plumbing was being worked on at hers. When we pulled up the complex was quiet. No sign of Mom or anyone else. Aiden wanted to walk me to the door and I drew the line there. 

“I’m fine, really,” I told him. “I do this all the time.” He relented on that one but stood at the door of the car and watched until I got to the bottom of the stairs that led up to my apartment. I waved at him and he waved back. As I slipped in my front door, he was still watching. 

“Holly? Is that you?” I heard my mother’s voice as soon as I walked in but I couldn’t see her. The apartment was completely dark. I reached over and flipped on the light. She was lying on the couch and when the light came on she threw her skinny arm across her eyes and said, “That’s too bright!”

“You shouldn’t be sitting here in the dark, Mom. What are you doing?”

“I’m just resting, I’m really tired today for some reason.” Maybe because you stayed up all night last night with your friend, Vodka, I thought, but I didn’t want to fight with her tonight, so I didn’t say it aloud. I didn’t even know it for a fact. I was asleep before she was, but she could have just been watching TV.

“Well go ahead and rest,” I told her. “You can go home tomorrow, right?”

“Holly,” she said in that tone she used when I knew she was going to ask me for something that I couldn’t afford. 

“What, Mom?” 

“I know I told you that I needed to stay here for a couple of days so my neighbor can work on the plumbing…”

“But?” I asked. I had already figured her story was baloney, they usually always all are. Plus, she still lives next door to, “Grandpa,” who was really up in years now. I had a hard time picturing him taking apart pipes. I just hadn’t had the energy to discover what the truth was this time.

“But…my electricity’s been off for…a while and my water too.”

I dropped down in the chair across from her and asked, “How did that happen, Mom? I paid those bills.”

“Well, you gave me the checks and I planned on paying them…but I must have forgotten. You know how bad my memory has gotten….”

“What did you do with the checks, Mom?” It was one of those questions I didn’t really want to know the answer too. 

“I must have misplaced them,” she said. I shook my head. I wasn’t sure if her alcohol soaked brain really didn’t work anymore, or if she thought I was stupid. I knew she was lying to me though. She wouldn’t look me in the eye.

“Oh good then, I’ll just cancel those checks and I’ll go down and write new checks to the electric and water company when I get off work tomorrow.”

“Oh, you mean call the bank?” Now she was nervous. I’d had enough of this game and her pathetic attempt to hide the fact she was once again stealing my hard-earned money. My father left her a house, I paid all the rest of her bills except for a couple hundred dollars in food stamps she got from welfare every month and I give her a small allowance. Yet, she still steals from me every chance she gets. I usually go directly in to pay her utility bills because there was no way I was going to trust her with cash, but I hadn’t had time to get down there this month. I thought it would be okay as long as I didn’t give her cash…obviously I was wrong. 

“How did you manage to cash them?” I asked her. “They were made out specifically for those bills.”

“Honey…maybe I lost them and someone else got ahold of them and cashed them.”

“Stop it!” I yelled at her. I didn’t usually. I wasn’t a yeller, most of the time I was just a big pushover and that’s why my own mother as well as others sometimes took advantage of me. But, she just told me that two bills I thought were already paid this month weren’t. Setting aside the fact that she just lied to me, changed the payable to on the checks and spent every penny on alcohol, I would have still been pissed. “When are you ever going to realize that you’re wasting your life? You’re wasting my life…you’re killing yourself and you’re killing me in the process.”

“Holly, I’m sorry, honey. I’m going to try harder…” If I had a dollar for every time I heard that in my life, I’d be richer than Aiden Scott. I thought about Aiden and I wondered if he would still want me to mother his child if he knew about my mother. Alcoholism has a big genetic component to it, a big reason why I don’t drink very much, and why I am always careful not to have too many. 

“How did you cash them?” I asked her again in a calmer voice. It didn’t really matter now, but I wanted her to have to at least be accountable for admitting what she did. 

“Ronnie at the Liquor King cashed ‘em for me. I changed who it was made out to. I drew a single line through it and put your initials. I’m sorry, baby.”

“I’m going to bed,” I told her. On the note my mother had just admitted to theft and fraud.

“I can borrow the money from Benny, to pay the bills. You won’t have to pay them. I’ll go see him tomorrow.” Benny was my Mom’s brother and he’d gotten over her and all of this drama a long time ago. He rarely even called or came to see her any longer and he only lived about ten miles away. He wasn’t going to lend her a dime. He was like me, he’d been taken enough to know that if he gave her money it would all go into a bottle. 

“I’ll take care of them,” I told her. “Don’t bother Uncle Benny with it.” I stood up to head in the direction of my bedroom. 

“Good night, Holly. I love you.” I wish I didn’t feel like there was a knife sticking out of my chest every time she said that.

“Good night mother,” I said, wearily. I didn’t say it back, I just couldn’t at that moment. 

***

The next morning on my way to work I went by and paid the electric and water bills for my mother’s house. I called her when I got to work and told her she could go home. I wasn’t even mad anymore, I was numb. It was over a week until payday and I now had ten dollars and forty-two cents in my account. Thank you, Mother. I hope that was some good vodka and I hope the tips are good the rest of the week so I can pay my own bills. 

I went about my work, trying to keep my mind off of my mother. I pretended to talk and laugh with Rose and Myra but my heart wasn’t in it. At about ten-thirty after we’d gotten the breakfast rush cleaned up, Rose pulled me to the side and asked, “What’s wrong, girlie?”

“Nothing’s wrong,” I told her, forcing a smile.

“You’re a terrible liar,” she said.

“Thank you,” I said with a real smile. I had promised myself growing up with my mother that I wasn’t going to be one of those people who had issues with the truth. “I’m okay though, really. My mother’s acting up a bit, but nothing I can’t handle.”

“Aw, I’m sorry, honey. You deserve a lot better than the hand you’ve been dealt.”

I shrugged. Rose had an autistic son and a husband who cheated regularly. I knew this because she told me, but I never heard her complain even though she was in her late forties and still working more than me. We all have our crosses to bear and I just thank God that I have a job and good friends like Rose who genuinely care.

“Thank you,” I told her. “But it really will be okay. You don’t need to worry about me; you have enough of your own issues to worry about.” She gave me a motherly look that said I couldn’t make her not worry about me even if I wanted to. 

“Well, why don’t you go take a little break anyways before the lunch rush starts up,” she said.

“I will take you up on that,” I told her. I went into the back and sat down on the old couch Joe put back there for us to relax on during our breaks. I leaned back and closed my eyes; I hadn’t really slept much the night before. A few seconds, or maybe it was minutes went by and I heard the door open. I didn’t open my eyes, I just said, “Sorry Joe, I’m coming.”

“Did I keep you out too late last night?” I opened my eyes to see Aiden standing there looking at me. He looked delicious in a pair of designer jeans and a red, long-sleeved polo shirt.

I sat up quickly and said, “Oh, Aiden. I thought you were Joe. No, I just didn’t sleep very well last night.”

“I’m sorry, was it because of me?” he asked. It was, partially. I looked at him and sighed.

“Maybe a little. I have a lot to think about. What are you doing back here anyways? Do you own this place too?” 

He laughed, “Not hardly. Joe would never sell to me. I asked your friend Rose if you were working this morning and she told me you were back here. I didn’t ask she just sent me on back.”

“I believe that, Rose likes to fancy herself a matchmaker,” I told him.

“I have a meeting to run off to, but I wanted to see what time you’re off today and if you’d like to spend some more time together? I let you get away without getting your number last night.”

“Oh,” I said. It was a brilliant response, I know. “Um, yeah…I get off at three. What are we going to do?”

“I’d rather it be a surprise,” he said. 

“I’m just a little self-conscious in my uniform,” I told him. 

“I’ll tell you what, I’ll have my driver pick you up at three and take you home to change. Then he can bring you to me.”

“I can take a cab…”

“Nate will be here with the car at three,” he said. “Give me your cell number.” I called it out to him as he put the numbers in his phone. “I have to run now. Have a good day.”

“Sure, you too…” he was already gone. The man has a way with authority, that’s for sure.

When I went back out to work, Rose and Myra were both waiting to pounce. 

“You’re meeting in secret with Mr. Dreamy pants aren’t you?” Rose said.

I laughed and put on my apron, “No, he came in last night as I was closing and ejected a drunk for me. Then he invited me out to dinner…”

Their squeals interrupted me, “Where did he take you?” Myra asked.

“An Italian place called Giuseppe’s.”

They squealed again, “Oh my God, girl! Do you know the waiting list for that place is months long? Only the elite go there!” Rose who kept up on these types of things delighted in telling me.

“Did he drive? What kind of car does he have?” Myra asked. “I bet it’s something low, fast and Italian.” Joe rang the bell behind us.

“Orders up! I hope whatever kind of car he has can carry all three of you because none of you will be able to make your own car payment when I fire you for all that gabbing.”

“Speaking of low, fast and Italian,” Rose said. All of the girls giggled. Joe was Italian and it was a very fitting name all the way around. Rose picked up two plates off the warmer and turned back towards me, “Not a word until I get back, I want details.” I laughed and shook my head. I went over to check on my customers and greet one new one. When I came back they were both still dying to hear.

“He called his driver and had him pick us up,” I told them, vaguely.

“Pick you up in what?” Myra asked. 

“A limousine,” I said.

“Are you kidding? Damn girl! You hit the mother lode!”

“It’s not like that,” I told them. “Now stop it and let’s get back to work.”

They did, but I could tell by their looks and giggles that they were still talking about me and Aiden. That was okay; let them have fun with it. It wasn’t going to last long whether I decided to have his baby or not. He’d already told me I’d have to basically disappear when the deed was done, and if I said no, I had a feeling he wouldn’t be coming back to the café.

I made it through the day and when it was time to leave, I was really glad that I’d had the early shift. I love getting out when there’s at least some daylight left. After saying good-bye to the girls and Joe, I tried to slip out unnoticed. It wasn’t like limousines were unheard of in this neighborhood. I worked in a much nicer neighborhood than I lived in. I wasn’t that lucky however, as Aiden’s driver held open the door and I turned to slide in, I saw Rose and Myra’s faces in the window, gawking. My next time on shift was going to be fraught with questions. I smiled and shook my head while Myra was giving me a thumbs up. Explaining the surrogacy deal to those two if I decided to accept was going to be fun. They were both very devoted mothers and it makes me wonder what they might think of me for bringing a life into the world and then just walking away. 

~

Chapter Five

~



Aiden had left a text for me to dress comfortably in jeans. This man was controlling right down to his dates. I was okay with wearing jeans; I just wasn’t sure about the being bossed around part. I wore the jeans though and a long-sleeved t-shirt. The late afternoons and evenings were just starting to cool in the first signs of autumn. 

I had no idea where I was going and I was quite nervous until I looked out the window of the limousine and saw the outline of a stable coming into view. Aiden had horses! Or he was taking me somewhere where they did. I didn’t know, but I was ecstatic either way.

 The limousine parked alongside the stables and the driver opened my door for me. Aiden was waiting with what looked like a picnic basket and a blanket draped over one arm. I felt like a kid on Christmas. It had been years since I’d ridden, and almost as long since anyone had done something so thoughtful for me.

“We’re going riding?” I asked.

“Yes, if you have no objections,” he said with a grin.

“Are you kidding? I’m so excited, this is great!”

Aiden laughed and said, “Your horse is the tan one with the brown mane. Her name is Snowflake and she’s very tame and easy to ride.”

I hadn’t seen the stable boy walk the horses out behind me. I went over to pet her on the nose, “Hi Snowflake. I’m Holly. Thank you for this Aiden, this is amazing.”

He was still smiling as he said, “When you try the skydiving, you’re on your own.”

Once we were saddled up and ready to go and our picnic basket was secured to Aiden’s saddle we took off. 

“Are these your stables?” I asked him.

“Yes, this is all my property that we’ll be riding on,” he told her. “I got very lucky to get it.”

Aiden’s property was far enough out of the city that is seemed like we were in the mountains, but a half hour drive and you’d be in the city. It was beautiful and I found myself wondering if his home was also on this property. I followed him for a while along the thin trail that began with a gentle climb with zig zags for about the first two miles. The pasture around us was lush and green and I could spot a few happy looking cows in the distance. I decided that Aiden very likely didn’t live out here. I couldn’t possibly imagine him living amongst cows. He just seemed way too cultured. 

Once we’d gotten past the narrow part of the trail, Aiden slowed his pace and dropped back next to me. “Is Snowflake doing okay?” he asked.

“She’s perfect,” I said. He laughed.

“I think she would be happy to hear it. Are you having fun, Holly?”

“This is, amazing. Thank you,” 

“Good,” he said. “It’s a great day for a ride, the weather is just right. We’re going to cross a creek in just a few feet. I know you haven’t ridden in a long time, and I don’t know if you did much water crossing in the past. So, try to relax and just let Snowflake take you. The reigns only confuse her when she’s crossing a water bed of any kind.”

“Okay,” I told him. When we got to the little narrow creek I did what Aiden said and the horse crossed smoothly. The water was beautiful, clear all the way to the rocky bottom. The rocks had been smoothed into rounded pebbles from years of the water brushing over them. 

Once on the other side, the trail in front of us was wide and looked to be smooth. 

“You want to trot them for a bit?” he asked me.

“Yeah,” I said with a huge smile.

“Good, the rest of the trail up to the meadow is gentle enough to trot most of the way.” He clicked his tongue at his horse and took off at a slow trot and I did the same. This part of the trail was surrounded by gorgeous Higan cherry trees. They bloom in the fall so they were covered with fragrant deep pink flowers and on some of them I could also see clumps of black cherries. I don’t even know why I knew so much about them, I had just always found them beautiful. Being on the trail at this point was like being enclosed in an aromatic greenhouse. 

I followed Aiden, continuing to marvel at the beauty around me for a few miles before we came to a junction in the trail. To the left was another creek and to the right was a stunning lush, green meadow. Aiden reigned in his horse and I did the same. 

“It’s all so beautiful,” I told him. “Beautiful doesn’t even really describe it, it’s more like breathtaking.”

“It is yes, I ride up here as often as I can. It’s good for the soul, I think. It makes me feel close to the earth, and when I get up here I feel at peace. It’s not a feeling that comes easily in the city. I’d take you out across the meadow but this time of year it gets a little boggy from all the rain. I wouldn’t want our horses getting stuck.”

“Oh well, it’s still lovely to look at,” I told him. We started back up the trail once more, we were climbing, but at such a gentle angle it was barely noticeable. When we reached a peak, Aiden stopped once more. 

“Come closer and take a look.” I did, and what I saw literally took my breath away. Below us was another meadow, but this one was covered in a lush carpet of colorful wild flowers. I could see the faint outline of the city in the distance and if it would have been green I would have thought I was on the path to the Emerald City. The creek that we’d crossed earlier looked like a big snake as it wound along below us. After I got an eyeful of all of that, he led me around a ridge and from there we had a view of what looked like a deep valley. It was fenced off with bright white fences and everywhere you looked, horses and cattle could be seen grazing. They looked peaceful. In the center of all of that sat a huge white three story home. The side of the house that faced our direction at the moment had windows that rose from ground to ceiling and it was easy to see that it would afford anyone sitting inside a front row seat to every morning’s sunrise. I couldn’t even imagine having a life like that.

“Is that where you live?” I asked him. In that gorgeous, fairy tale house, Prince Charming.

“That’s my main residence, yes,” he said. “It’s my favorite.”

“Your favorite? You have more than one home?” Another thing that I cannot imagine.

He smiled and said, “Yes, I have three. I have a penthouse apartment in the city, this one and a summer house at the lake.”

“Wow,” I said, thinking of what he’d asked me to do and also about how happy this would all make a child. I would have died for a place like this to grow up in. Aiden let me sit and just drink in the view for a while. I had a hard time taking my eyes off the house and imagining what it would be like to live in a place like that. I wondered what it looked like inside, and if he lived in that gigantic house alone. Then I caught myself imagining what it would be like to live there myself. I pictured the two of us having coffee in that sunny nook after a long night of…..Never mind, I shook that thought off quickly. He asked once again if I was ready.

“Yes, this is all so beautiful, Aiden. You must be very happy here.”

“It’s lonely,” he said. “I stay at the penthouse most of the time. It’s less square footage to roam on my own.” 

It was hard for me to fathom that I’d known this man for over two months and hardly knew anything about him. Now I was suddenly getting to know more about him than I’d ever imagined I would. I was also starting to figure out that he wasn’t happy, no matter how much money he had.

We turned and headed back down the same trail until we came to the fork we’d gone up to the right the last time. This time we went left and as we rode along, I kept seeing chunks of something white glinting off the sun. Pulling Snowflake to a stop I asked, “What are those white, shiny things?”

“They’re pieces of quartz…white quartz,” he said. 

“They’re so pretty. Are they here naturally, or did you have them placed here?”

“No they’re a natural part of the landscape. I haven’t moved or changed anything out here. Mother nature did a fine job arranging it all already.”

“She sure did,” I agreed. 

“The Washoe Indians consider this area of land sacred. The tribe was angry about me buying the land in the first place. I’ve shown them since that I have no interest in ruining this place, it’s perfect like it is. I’m actually an honorary member of the tribal council now,” he told me with a smile. “Are you getting hungry?”

“Yes,” I told him, “Starving actually.”

“Okay, follow me, our table is ready.”

I wondered what he meant by that, but I followed him a short way down the side of the ridge. At the bottom of the gentle slope was a flat area of green grass and Aiden stopped and got off his horse. He came over and helped me down off mine. His hands on me once again sent a jolt of electricity through my body. 

His touch on my waist lingered just a bit longer than necessary and for a few seconds his face was so close to mine that I could feel his breath across my lips. I shuddered and took a step back, hoping to eliminate the sudden raw desire I felt to put my lips against his. He grinned, like he not only knew the effect he had on me, but he was satisfied by it as well. I wish I had that kind of confidence in myself. 

“Do you want some help setting it up?” I asked him as he laid the blanket he’d brought across the soft grass and began setting up our lunch. 

“No, today is your day to be waited on. You wait on me every day.” I walked over to the edge, and as I looked out over the property from one of the highest points of it while he set up our lunch I thought about how nice this was. No one ever waited on me. Even when I lived at home with my mother, I was still fending for myself. I’d been on dates of course and had what I call mini relationships, but none of them had stuck long enough to find out what it was like to have someone wait on you or fawn over you. I’d have to be careful, I might get used to this and say yes to the proposition of his for the wrong reasons. Each time I had that thought, I had to remind myself about the walking away part. He’d not given me any reason to believe that he would want to keep me too. 

~

Chapter Six

~



The next day was my day off and I was so relaxed from the day of fresh air and sunshine that I actually slept in. It was something that I hadn’t done in years and it felt wonderful. I woke up about half past nine and panicked a little at first, thinking of all the things I had to do. It was something I had done every morning since I was about thirteen. I’d open my eyes and think of all that I needed to do and then I’d obsess over getting them done. It was part of trying to make the things I could control in my life outweigh the things that I couldn’t.

Then I changed tracks mentally and thought about Aiden and that made me feel all warm and comfortable inside. I let myself linger in bed a little longer and then I dawdled over my coffee and then instead of my usual quickie shower, I let myself take a long, luxurious bath. It all felt wonderful and although it was almost noon before I was ready to do anything, I was more content than I had been in a very long time. 

At last I got together my laundry things and began to head over to my mother’s house. Once a week I did her laundry for fear that if I didn’t, she would wear clothes stained with vomit from some of her long, hard nights. On my way out the door I nearly ran into Aiden’s driver head first.

“I’m sorry, Miss,” he told me. “I was about to knock on your door.” He held an envelope in his hands and I had the silliest little moment of panic that it was a letter from Aiden telling me he wanted to call the whole thing off because he’d decided that I wasn’t good enough after all to be the mother of his child. I really needed to work on that confidence, or lack thereof.

“That’s okay, I didn’t see you there.” 

“That’s because you have your arms awfully full. Mr. Scott asked me to deliver this envelope to you. Can I help you with those bags?” I had two large bags of dirty clothes and laundry supplies in my hands. 

Sitting them down near the door I said, “Oh no, thank you. I’m headed to do laundry. I’m used to it.” He handed me the envelope, and then offered to drop me wherever I needed to go. When I politely declined, because there was no way I was letting Aiden find out about my mother, he left. As soon as he was gone I lugged my bags back inside and opened the envelope. There was a one page letter and I carried it through the house and outside. I was craving the fresh air. I opened up the letter.


Holly,

Tonight I would like to take you to dinner and the Opera. The dress at the Opera is formal and I would love it if you’d allow me to help you with that. So, here is the address of a boutique that you can go to and pick out whatever you like. The woman there has strict instructions to be very helpful and accommodating to you. The address just underneath that one is for a spa. They’re also expecting you. Get whatever treatments or services you are interested in having. The phone number is to my driver, if you call him when you’re ready, he will take you to the boutique and the spa and wherever else you need to go. Have a lovely day; I will call for you at eight.

Aiden


I stood on the little balcony outside my apartment and stared at the letter. I wondered if I should be insulted that he just assumed I would have nothing to wear to the Opera. I suppose that would be a safe assumption, considering that he’s seen where I live. I thought about a day at a spa and actually got a chill. I’d never had that, I’d heard Myra talk about it, and it was something her wonderful husband insisted she treat herself to monthly. I had seen it on television, but I had no real idea what it would be like, other than expensive and wonderful. I looked down at the laundry at my feet. If I was going to do this right, the laundry would have to wait. In another move that was uncharacteristic of me, I took the laundry and left it in my room and then I called my mother.

I got her voicemail which meant she was probably sleeping off whatever alcohol she was able to get her hands on the night before. I left her a message telling her that I wasn’t going to make it to do laundry because something had come up. Then I changed into one of my nicer skirts and blouses, put on a touch of make-up and swept my hair back in a bun. I didn’t want to go into a fancy spa or boutique looking the way I do when I do laundry.

Finally, I called Aiden’s driver. I apologized to him for letting him go and asking him to come right back. He laughed and said it was no problem. I would have taken a cab but I didn’t really have the money to pay one to take me to the other side of town. The driver must have still been up the street, because he was there in minutes. 

“Where are we headed, Miss?” he asked. I gave him the address of the boutique and he helped me inside and as people gawked from the front of the complex, I leaned back into the plush leather seats and got comfortable. A girl could get used to all of this. A girl needed to remind herself not to.

When we got to the boutique there was an older woman with short, pixie-style platinum hair behind the counter. She was wearing a very nice, expensive looking bohemian style blue dress and the color of it brought out the bright blue of her eyes. She was one of those kinds of people whose class and breeding oozed out her pores. She looked me up and down and with a neutral look on her face.

“Good afternoon. How can I help you?”

“Good afternoon. My name is Holly, Aiden Scott sent me.” It was like watching a transformation in front of my very eyes. The woman’s face went from neutral to almost painfully pleasant. She came around the counter and offered me her hand. I wondered what it would be like for just your name to have that kind of effect on people. I’d have to guess that’s where a big dose of his confidence came from.

“I’m Gretchen and it’s a pleasure to meet you,” she said.

“Hi Gretchen. Like I said, I’m Holly. Holly Valentine. It’s a pleasure to meet you too.”

Then she insisted I be seated, and I took a seat in a plush, oversized chair that was arranged with its twin around a glass and brass coffee table. Gretchen excused herself and came back moments later with a flute of champagne. I thanked her and accepted, one glass wouldn’t hurt and I was being treated today after all.

“Can I get you anything else?” She seemed so desperate to please me that I almost felt sorry for her. I’m sure she’s hoping when I see Aiden I’ll give her rave reviews. 

“Water would be nice, thank you,” I told her. While she went to get that, I glanced around the little store. There were only two racks of dresses. I found that strange because when I did shop for myself, which was rarely, I went to bargain department stores where there was rack after rack of clothing. 

When she came back with the water she said, “What is your size Holly? About a two?”

“I think it would be more like a four,” I told her. “I haven’t bought myself a dress for a while.” I was significantly well-endowed as well as ample in the bottom area. She stepped back and looked me over. 

“I guess that would be to accommodate your curves. Very well, Aiden’s told me where you’re going so what I did was pre-select a few styles and colors for you to look at and try on. Are you ready to get started?”

“I’m ready,” I told her with a smile. She showed me the dresses and I picked out three that I liked and tried them on. I fell in love with one of them instantly and Gretchen told me she thought I had excellent taste and that I looked like a princess in it. I know Aiden was paying her handsomely for her compliments, but it was nice to hear anyways. 

The dress was made by the designer Carmen Marc Valvo. I had heard his name on TV, but that was as far as my knowledge of him went. His dress was lovely though. It was a sleeveless, ruffle waist party dress and it was a strawberry color and an A-line silhouette style made out of a super soft satin material. It had a V-neckline and stopped at just above my knees. I loved it. 

Gretchen helped me pick out a gorgeous pair of silver strappy sandals and a few pieces of jewelry and a bag to accessorize it. Two hours later I walked out, outfitted for the Opera and feeling like Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman. 

The driver took me to the spa next, and for the following three hours I was massaged and steamed and lotion-ed and creamed. By the time they finished with me my skin was so dewy I felt like I’d spent a week in the rain forest. 

After all of that I was taken to the other side of the spa where my hair was shampooed, set and styled and my make-up was applied by a professional. The end result was someone I barely recognized and I loved it. My long dark hair hung across my shoulders and down my back in soft, feminine curls. My green eyes were lined and plumped and tinted with just the smallest amount of green on the eyelid to bring out my own color. I walked out of there around five p.m. knowing that I’d never felt this pretty. I felt like a princess and I was ready to go home, slip on my new dress and wait for my Prince Charming. 

By the time Aiden knocked on my door, I was dressed and ready. When I opened it, the look on his face was something that I would remember forever. He didn’t even need to use any words, but when he did, I liked them.

“Wow, Holly you look gorgeous.”

I know I was beaming, but I couldn’t stop smiling. I felt gorgeous for the first time in a long time. 

“Thank you, for all of this,” I told him. Then I really took inventory of him in his black tuxedo. He was the handsomest thing that had ever walked the earth I was sure. “You look very nice too,” I told him. It was a huge understatement. He had a little strawberry colored rose stuck in his lapel and I realized that it matched my dress exactly. “You’re matching me!” I said.

He laughed, “Yes, I cheated and asked Gretchen what color you picked out.” I had never known anyone who paid as much attention to details as he did. I suppose that was another thing that contributed to him being so wealthy at such a young age. 

I took his arm and he led me to the car. My neighbors were really gawking this time, and I didn’t care. This time when I slid into the limousine, I felt like I belonged. The driver took us to an elegant restaurant in the city where once again we were treated like royalty. This time I believe that a few of the eyes were actually on me. It felt good to feel that I was standing out in the crowd for a change. 

We dined on steak and lobster and cheesecake for dessert. Then the car took us to the opera house where I saw my first opera. It was a tragedy in Italian and Aiden translated much of it for me. I found out that night on top of his many other talents, he also speaks five languages. 

We were sitting in our own private box and had an excellent view of the entire stage. It was a beautiful story, a beautiful performance and an all-around beautiful night. I wanted to pinch myself and make sure that I wasn’t dreaming. Aiden was such a gentleman and so attentive. He listened to everything I said like he truly believed it to be the most interesting thing he’d ever heard and I found myself opening up to him more and more. I told him about my father who had passed away a few years earlier and I touched on some of the lighter points of my childhood. The years before my father gave up his quest to get my mother sober were good ones, and those were the ones I shared with him. I still didn’t tell him about her, or the problems her addictions caused for me in my life. I was having too much fun, and I didn’t want to put a damper on any of it. Aiden made me feel like I deserved to be treated with respect, he made me feel pretty and smart and sometimes even funny. He was definitely a prince, and I could unquestionably see myself as his princess. I told myself, and that annoying little voice in the back of my mind, that I’d think about those feelings tomorrow and what I was going to do about them. For the moment, I was lost in a dream and I didn’t want to wake up. 

I woke up to my alarm the next day, still reveling in the afterglow of that magical night. I smiled all day at work and Rose and Myra knew something was up, but I made them wait all day before finally giving them the details. They seemed as excited to hear about it as I was to be present for it. That was the great thing about my friends.

I still hadn’t allowed myself to think about the problems the feelings I was beginning to have for Aiden were going to cause to my emotional health. I was still floating on a high and I didn’t want to ruin it just yet. I was slapped in the face with reality every day. I figured a tiny bit of denial or delusion, whatever you wanted to call it, wasn’t going to hurt anyone. As I was leaving work that day he called to tell me he had meetings all evening but he’d like to see me for breakfast the next day. I agreed and hung up once again euphoric only at the sound of his voice.

After my shower and dressing in my pajama’s, that evening I sat down and called my mother. She’d never called me back the day before and I felt like I needed to at least check in. I got her voicemail again. There was something in the back of my mind that told me I should get in a cab and go over and check on her, but I talked myself out of it. I had done that many times before, and every time it had ended with finding her either drunk or passed out. I wasn’t in the mood tonight to see her either way. I wanted one more day at least to live in my fantasy world where I was finally the star. I fell asleep on the couch and dreamt of Aiden. In my dream we were on the beach and I was wearing a white dress and flowers in my hair. It was a wedding, and I was the guest of honor. I woke up to my alarm, startled.

When I got my bearings back I had no choice but to admit to myself that I was getting in too deep emotionally and I had to look at that whether I wanted to or not before I allowed my heart to get broken. 

I fixed my coffee and took it out on the tiny little balcony on the back of my apartment. Sitting down in the old lounge chair I sipped my drink and thought over my situation. Aiden was gorgeous, that was a fact. He was also rich, kind, generous, intelligent….and wounded. He was deeply wounded and that had made him wrap a cocoon around his heart. What his wife had done to him, first cheating and then taking away the baby had left scars in him that ran too deep for someone like me to heal. He seemed so normal on the surface, but before I went any further, I needed to force myself to think about this rationally. What he was asking me to do, legal and acceptable or not, was odd to me. He was the city’s most eligible bachelor. Why not just work on finding a woman building a relationship, getting married and starting a family? Because he was afraid that it would all turn out the way it had before. With this plan, he was the one in control. He called all the shots and although it left him with no relationship, it left him with a baby…someone to give his wounded heart too. In the long run no matter how happy that baby made him, he’d still be left unable to trust and with a yearning in his heart. At least that’s what I thought. 

I thought about going through with this, trying to help him at least mend a part of his heart. I thought about spending nine months with a child in my belly. That thought didn’t bother me. I was actually a little excited about the prospect of creating a life. I’d always wanted to have children…Then I did what I had been avoiding…I forced myself to picture walking away. I made myself think about what a child created from Aiden and my own genes would look like. I thought about the tiny little hands and fingers and toes that he or she would have. I could see big, dark eyes looking up at me, looking for security and comfort in its mother’s arms. I thought about putting the baby into Aiden’s arms and walking away from them both, never to turn back. I thought about years down the line how I knew I’d still be wondering and yearning to see it, and I knew that I couldn’t do it. 

I got up and got another cup of coffee. Taking it outside again I sat down and thought about Aiden’s wounds and wondered if they could be healed if he were to fall in love again. I wondered if having a woman in his life that adored him and would be loyal and dedicated no matter what could chip away at those scars until they were eventually gone. I came to the conclusion that I believed to be the correct one although it wasn’t what I had wanted it to be: Aiden was like a bird with a snapped wing. He could be fixed, his wounds weren’t fatal, only crippling. But by what or whom he could be fixed was another story. I really didn’t think I was capable of doing that. I wasn’t strong enough. I’d been trying to change my mother for years, and look at her…

I showered and dressed and decided that I would tell him at breakfast. My chest ached at the thought of having to give him up. I’d let myself get too attached. But it had to be done and I was going to do it this morning if I had to beat myself into it. The longer I dragged it out the more at risk my own heart became. I don’t believe that having a baby for him will heal him and I don’t believe he would ever fall in love with me. If I walk away now, I’m doing us both a favor.

I had just picked up my purse and was ready to leave for my breakfast date with Aiden when my phone began ringing. I felt sick to my stomach when I looked at the caller I.D. It said, “Memorial Hospital.” I knew it was about my mother before I picked it up.

“Hello.”

“Hello, is this Holly Valentine?”

“Yes,” I said.

“Miss Valentine this is Bridgette Baxter. I’m a social worker here at Memorial Hospital. We have your mother here and you’re listed as her emergency contact.”

“Yes, what’s happened? Is she okay?”

“I was hoping you could come down and we could talk in person, you, me and the physician. Your mother is okay, for now physically, I don’t want you to worry about that. But we really need to talk about a long term plan.”

“Of course,” I told the lady. “I’ll be right down.” I called Aiden then and got his voicemail. I left him a message that I had to take care of a family issue and I would give him a call when I was finished. Then I called a cab and headed to the hospital to see what kind of trouble my mother had gotten herself into now. 

~

Chapter Seven

~



I arrived at the hospital with a sense of De Ja Vu. I had done this so many times before and each time it left me with a headache, sick to my stomach and angry all over again at the situation my life is in through no fault of my own. I usually wasn’t one to feel sorry for myself, but my time with Aiden recently had shown me another whole side to life and that had made this one that much bleaker.

I went to the admission counter and told the woman who I was and who I was here to see. A few moments later a woman a little older than me in a nice business suit and heels came out to greet me. 

“Holly?”

“Yes, Miss Baxter?”

“Yes, please, call me Bridgette. Do you mind if we go talk before you see your mother?”

“No, that’s fine. She’s okay?”

“She will be,” Bridgette said. I followed her down a long corridor and into an office that said her name and LCSW on the door. She was a licensed clinical social worker. I couldn’t help but wonder what I might be if I’d had the chance to go to college. I had the grades, I probably could have easily gotten a scholarship if I’d applied…but my dad was sick and someone had to take care of my mother. 

I took the seat Bridgette offered me and before we began talking a middle-aged man in a white lab coat joined us. Bridgette introduced him as Dr. Easton. He was the doctor caring for my mother. 

After exchanging pleasantries he said, “Miss Valentine, your mother was apparently found by a friend of hers, passed out in her front yard. She’d been drinking, I’d say from the blood alcohol level for at least twenty four hours.”

I thought of myself at the spa and at dinner and then the opera. I’d left her alone, was I to blame for this? The doctor was still talking and I made myself focus and listen. 

“Her blood alcohol level was three times the legal limit. We had to give her several bags of electrolytes and fluids due to her severe dehydration. I’ve ran lab tests and a CT of her abdomen and although I spoke to her already, I feel compelled to speak to you as well and she’s given us permission to do that. Her liver is barely functioning. Her body is beginning to build up toxins that her liver should be filtering out. She has varices in her esophagus; do you know what that is?”

“Broken veins?” I asked.

“Yes, basically. They come from long-term and repeated use of alcohol. They can cause internal bleeding and lead to all kinds of other life-threatening issues. She has a severe ulcer and from her labs it appears that she hasn’t been eating well at all because her nutritional state is so poor. Her blood glucose however, likely from the alcohol intake, was alarmingly high. We will need to test her for diabetes, and if she doesn’t have it now, it’s likely she will in the near future if she keeps going at this rate. She has other physical issues as well, all related to long term excessive use of alcohol. Her blood pressure is unstable, she may have an arrhythmia…I can have the nurses get you some printed information on all of them. The bottom line however is that if she doesn’t stop drinking, the next time this happens she might be found dead. She won’t be around long at this rate. ”

My mind was reeling. I of course knew my mother wasn’t healthy. She was too thin and her skin always looked bad. If I wasn’t mistaken, she’d also started losing some of her hair. Her teeth were almost all rotten and she refuses to go to the dentist. She was a mess and I knew it, I just hadn’t been aware how bad off she really was until now. I suppose I hadn’t thought of how that poison she insisted on using in copious amounts was destroying her insides as well. 

“So what do we need to do for her?” 

“Medically, I can prescribe some medications and dietary supplements for her to treat the symptoms, but she’s going to have to stop drinking or nothing is going to help her for very long. I have to get back on the floor. I’ll let Bridgette go over the rest with you. She’ll give you my office number before you go in case you think of any questions.”

“Thank you, doctor,” I told him. 

“You’re welcome Miss Valentine. I’m sorry to be the bearer of such grave news.” It was bound to happen. On really bad days every time the phone rings I think this is going to be the news, or worse.

Once he’d left Bridgette said, “Dr. Easton and I had a talk with your mother about all we just went over with you. She agreed that she needed to stop drinking but expressed that she was sure she wouldn’t be able to do it on her own. She tells me that she’s been through rehab before, but that it would be hard for you to pay for it now. I’ve done a little research and I’ve found three rehab centers in the area that take her insurance as long as the share of cost is taken care of.” 

My mother had Medicaid, but because of a small pension check she gets every month from my father and the home she now owns since his death, they gave her a high share of cost. An ER visit usually runs me around $2000.00 and that’s just our part. I can only imagine what rehab was going to cost on top of the bill she had already racked up here. Bridgette didn’t look like a woman who often worried about money. 

I heard myself saying, “Whatever we need to do to get her help,” and then I started trying to figure out in my head how “we” were going to do that. The only solution I could come up with was accepting Aiden’s offer. I couldn’t see any other way out. If I didn’t, I’d be drowning in the medical bills my entire life. 

“Would you like to see her now?” Bridgette asked me. I wanted to say no. I was angry with her, hurt, disgusted…but as usual I didn’t. 

“Sure, thanks.”

***

The room was dark, just the way she liked it. She had undoubtedly already yelled at some poor nurse for opening the blinds and they hadn’t made the same mistake twice. The thick, velvet curtains pulled tight across the window left it void of light. I switched on a small fluorescent lamp near the door so that she wouldn’t complain about it getting into her eyes. She looked like she was sleeping. Her face was more peaceful than I’d seen it in a long time. The fluids they gave her went far in making her at least appear healthier. I remember when I was a little girl, I thought she was the most beautiful woman in the world. Now sometimes I don’t even really recognize her. I sat down on the chair next to her bed.

“Mom?”

Her eyelids fluttered but she didn’t open them. I called out to her again and her peaceful face turned into a scowl.

“Go away.” She grabbed the sheet on the bed and turned on her side away from me.

I was suddenly incensed. She had no one to blame for this but herself yet here I sit feeling guilty and worrying about her and the bills…all the things she should be worrying about and she had the audacity to speak to me that way. I was about to do something I was very unsure of in order to secure both of our futures. That should have been her job, or at least our job together. She’d put us both right here though, I wasn’t going to take the blame for that. Getting angrier I stood up and pulled the sheet back off of her. 

“No, I will not go away. As usual, I’m paying for this little excursion. You have no idea what I am going to have to go through to pay for it. The absolute very least you could do is express some real remorse for a change. I feel like I’m raising an obstinate child most of the time and I’m sick of this, all of it. I’m going to pay these bills, and you are going into rehab when you leave here.”

My mother opened one eye slowly and then after a few seconds she opened the other. She groaned I was sure it was a headache. If she’d been at home she’d have a beer or vodka in her hand by now. She used to tell me that the best way to get rid of a hangover was to treat it with a vodka chaser. Ah, the lovely things a mother teaches her child.

When she pulled them fully open, I could see that she had tears in her eyes. It wasn’t fazing me though, I knew it as just another of her well-practiced manipulation techniques.

 “Holly, I don’t want to go to one of those places. I want to stay home. I’ll miss it and you…I can stop. I don’t need to be put in one of those cold, scary places. The people are mean and I don’t sleep because I want to be home in my own bed so badly…Please tell me that I don’t have to go, Holly.”

“You can’t do it by yourself, mother. You’ve tried before, it doesn’t work. If you refuse to go to rehab, I walk away.”

“What does that mean?” she said, looking truly confused.

“That means exactly what I said. I walk, Mom. I’m not doing any of this with you anymore. This is the last time. You get into rehab and get some help and I’ll pay for it. You walk out of here and go home, I stop paying for it all. But mostly, I stop seeing you. I have no desire to ever see you like this again. I’m through.” 

She was looking at me with hurt and shock in her eyes. I’d never threatened to walk away before, and she knew that without my help she would be homeless by now. Her face changed and she looked like she was going to argue again. Either the look on my face stopped her, or there was something left in her pickled brain that told her this was an okay deal. 

“Okay, Holly. When do I go?”

“Soon,” I told her. “I’ll let you know after I make the arrangements.” 

I got up to head for the door and I heard her say, “I love you.” I loved her too, God help me. I couldn’t stop and turn around though, I didn’t have the energy. 

I walked down the hall and through the lobby and out the double doors into the fresh air. I stood there for a minute, gulping it in. I felt like I had been starving for it. Once I got enough air in my lungs and my hands stopped shaking I took out my phone and called Aiden.

“Hello?”

“I decided to do it,” I blurted out. I was afraid if I didn’t just say it that I wouldn’t. 

“You decided to have my child?” he said, to clarify.

“Yes, I can meet you now to go over the contract if you have time. I just had a few more simple questions.”

“Great, Holly! Thank you. Are you at home? I’ll send my driver.”

“No, just tell me where to meet you and I’ll be there.” He didn’t argue, he gave me the address of his attorney’s office and when I hung up I noticed my hands were shaking again. I called a cab and headed towards my destiny. 



~

Chapter Eight

~



I got into the cab and tried to get my breathing under control. I didn’t want to walk into this meeting looking like the wreck I was feeling like inside. I had to do this - I didn’t see any other choice. I felt like I needed to rationalize it to myself. If I was only taking care of me, this wouldn’t be necessary. If I didn’t have to pay two rents and double on all the utilities my waitress job would be more than enough. 
But, I wasn’t only taking care of me and no matter how much I resented that fact, I knew that I’d never be able to turn my back and walk away from my mother. 

I paid the cab driver and stood in front of the massive three-story law office. Taking another deep breath I reached for the gold handles on the double doors and pulled them open. I was thrust into an oasis of luxury instantly and I knew this wasn’t the type of attorney that chased ambulances for a living. The floors were white marble and the furniture consisted of plush white chairs and couches with fluffy white throw rugs and glass topped tables. Vases sat on the tables filled with fragrant fresh flowers and what looked to be original art work adorned the walls. I walked up towards the reception desk but before I made it there, Aiden stepped off of the elevator. As usual, he looked good enough to eat. This was going to be so hard.

“Hi, Holly. Is everything okay with your family?” 

“It’s fine, thank you,” I lied.

“I’m glad to hear it. Thank you so much for coming down. My attorney’s office is on the third floor. Would you like to go up?”

“Yes, I’m ready,” I said. I really wasn’t. My insides were shaking and I was refusing to allow myself the thoughts that wanted to flood my psyche. The thought of giving up a child, the thought of walking away from Aiden after I spend the better part of a year with him, pregnant with his child…my stomach lurched as I tamped those thoughts back down. I need this. I can have a whole new life…

Aiden led me to the elevator, stepped in after me and pushed the button for the third floor. He could tell that I was nervous, or at least I guessed he could because he asked me, “Are you okay, Holly? You’re sure you want to do this?”

“I’m okay,” I lied again. 

He still looked worried but he didn’t say anything else. He led me up to the attorney’s office. We passed a small reception desk and walked directly into a huge office that was decorated even nicer than the lobby. His attorney was a small man with a bald head and big round glasses. 

“Miss Valentine, welcome!” he said, heartily shaking my hand. I tried to smile but I was feeling really sick to myself now and I had this horrifying urge to throw up. 

I nodded and said, “Call me Holly, please.”

“Have a seat, can I get you a drink?” he asked, as Aiden pulled out one of the plush leather chairs around the big, heavy oak desk for me. 

“Just some water, please,” I told him. I wasn’t even sure if I should drink that, I was feeling sicker by the minute. Aiden was looking at me like he was even more worried now. I must have been turning green or something. 

“Holly, you’re really pale, I’m sorry to keep asking, but are you really okay?”

I thought about lying again, but I realized I couldn’t sit here and hide it any longer. The anxiety was crawling across my skin and I felt like I couldn’t sit still any longer.

“I might just need some air,” I told him. 

Aiden looked at his attorney and said, “Can I take the papers with me? We’ll go let her get some air and maybe she’ll feel up to going over them later.”

“Yes, of course,” the attorney replied. He gave Aiden a folder and then looked at me and said, “I hope you feel better, Holly.”

I forced a smile and said, “Thank you, I’m sorry to be so much trouble.”

“You weren’t any trouble at all, feel better,” he replied. 

Aiden took my arm and held onto me until we got outside. As soon as we hit the air, I gulped it. It was cool and fresh and it felt so good against my hot skin. After a few seconds Aiden said, “The color is coming back into your cheeks.”

“I feel better, thank you. I’m sorry.”

“Please don’t apologize. I’m well aware that what I’m asking of you is unorthodox and can be anxiety provoking. I am willing to do whatever it takes to make this easier on you. Would you like to go home, or would you like to come to my apartment and still go over the contract? Whatever you need.”

I considered telling him I wanted to forget the whole thing and go home, but that was a very brief thought. I didn’t want him to drive me home right now. I knew that he was still worried and would insist on walking me in. I wasn’t ready for him to see the inside of where I lived. Finally thinking I really wanted to just get this over with, or on with, I suppose, I told him, “We can go to your apartment and take care of the contract.”

“Okay, good,” he said. He waved at his driver who I hadn’t even seen waiting out front. He pulled the limousine up and we got in, both of us lost in our own thoughts on the short drive to his apartment building. I slid out the door of the car and stood gaping at the building. I was trying not to, but it was at least thirty stories high and made mostly of glass and steel. I closed my mouth and followed Aiden to the door that was opened by a man in a nice coat with tails and a hat which he tipped at me. 

“How are things today Mr. Scott?” he asked.

“Very well, Neil, thank you for asking. This is Miss Valentine. You’ll be seeing a lot more of her from now on.”

“It’s a pleasure Miss Valentine,” he said. I told him it was nice meeting him and took the arm that Aiden was holding out for me. He led me to the elevator and another man in a similar uniform pushed the up button and greeted us the same. Aiden and I rode up to the top floor. I wasn’t surprised now that I knew him, I would expect nothing less than the penthouse.

The doors of the elevator slid open into a warm, elegant looking hall and facing a dark wood door with a gold ‘P’ in the center. He unlocked it with a code on the door and we stepped inside to an open foyer surrounded by big, open windows that offered breathtaking views of the Manhattan skyline. There were two giant Sego Palms in what looked to be very expensive pots, a nice corner table and a crystal chandelier. It was definitely understated, but very tasteful.

He led me into the sitting room. It was also very tastefully decorated. Here, there was art on the walls, and another huge window that looked out onto the other side of the city.

“Have a seat, Holly. Can I fix you a drink? I have a very nice white wine.”

My stomach was feeling a lot better. A glass of wine might help settle my nerves I thought. “Sure, that would be nice, thanks.” He went over to his gorgeous oak bar and opened a bottle of wine he took out of the little wine cooler. He poured us both a glass and brought them back to sit next to me. We made uncomfortable small talk through our first glass of wine, but by the second one, we were both ready to get down to business. Aiden pulled out the contract. 

“Okay, the wording is simple, not to legal-easy for a lay person to understand, but I’m going to go over the finer points with you before you sign it just in case you have any questions, okay? I want to make sure you understand it all completely.”

“Okay,” I agreed.

“The first one is that while you’re carrying my child, you have to make sure that you eat right, sleep right, take your vitamins…follow all of the doctor’s orders, and just generally, overall make sure that you and the baby stay healthy.”

“That won’t be a problem. I generally do all that anyways,” I told him, honestly.

“Good, but just to be safe, because this is so important to me, I want you to live here until you conceive and throughout the pregnancy.”

“Here? Really?” I didn’t mean that to sound like an insult, but the look on my face told him that he may have taken it as such. “I’m sorry, I just…I guess I didn’t realize it would require us living together.” 

“Of course, I’m sorry. I should have mentioned that earlier. Is that a deal breaker for you?”

I didn’t know how to tell him my concern. The thought of being with him every day thrilled me. The thought of living together for all of those months and being emotionally detached enough when it was over to walk away unscathed…I wasn’t sure I could do it. Then there was my mother. I suppose if I got her in rehab right away he wouldn’t be privy to too many of her antics. 

“No,” I heard myself say without realizing I’d opened my mouth. “It’s not a deal-breaker. I was just a little caught off-guard. It’s not like I live anywhere that I’ll be sorry to get away from for a while.”

“Good, it’s just all about keeping you and the baby safe and well. You will, of course be paid very well by the week, and everything you need will be provided. I have a doctor already lined up. He is a highly recommended obstetrician and I will insist that you use him. He’ll insist on weekly pregnancy visits and I’ll expect you to be at each one.”

“I don’t have any argument with that. What about my job?”

“I would insist that you give that up for now as well. This will be your job, your full time priority.”

I liked Joe and I loved Rose and Myra, otherwise I was not in love with my job. “That’s not a problem,” I told him. “As long as I can give Joe a couple weeks’ notice.”

“Of course, that’s not a problem for me. Lastly, once the baby is born, you will be paid your lump sum that we discussed, and then you walk away. This baby is mine; I need to make sure that you fully understand that from the get-go.”

This was the hard part. It was one thing to talk about an imaginary pregnancy, but when we start talking about a part of me, my own flesh and blood, I start getting worried about being able to do this. I was determined though, I would make myself do this, I reminded myself how much I needed to do this and I said, “I understand.”

“That’s it then,” he slipped the two page contract out of the folder and handed it to me. While I read through it, he poured us another glass of wine. He sat back down and handed me the glass.

When I finished reading I asked, “Do you have a pen?” He took one from his pocket and handed it to me. I signed it and before the ink was dry I realized something - the contract didn’t state the method of conception and neither had Aiden. Uncomfortably I said, “I’m sorry, I did forget to ask one thing, how will I be getting pregnant?” That sounded really stupid to me as it came out of my mouth. I picked up my wine glass and downed what was left in it. Aiden was looking at me with those sexy dark eyes and I swear for at least a few seconds I saw a flicker of desire in them. 

“We have two choices. You can see the doctor and be artificially inseminated, or you can choose the more mutually pleasurable option.” He grinned when he said that and ran his eyes from my face down to my neck and stared at it like he had biting it on his mind. I suddenly felt like I couldn’t breathe.

I sat my wine glass aside and said, “I’ll take option number two.” It was the wine talking, but in the next instant his mouth covered mine and I felt his warm tongue slip into my mouth and knew that there was no going back.

~

Chapter Nine

~



I woke up the next morning in my new room, slightly disoriented but still lost in the afterglow of our lovemaking from the night before. I looked over to my left and then to my right - the bed was that big. It was empty too, other than me, void of a gorgeous, dark eyed man.

I sat up, stretched and reached for my phone. There were no missed calls, so Mom must have done okay during the night. I needed to start working on finding a facility for her to rehab in before she was ready for discharge. I had the day off today so I decided now was as good a time as any. First, I called the unit where she was admitted and asked to talk to her nurse.

“This is RN Bennett,” the pleasant female voice said. 

“Hi, this is Holly Valentine. I was calling to check on my mother, Betty.”

“Yes, hello Holly. Mrs. Valentine’s medical condition is very much improved since her admission. The doctor ordered lab work on her last night and it came back much better than the first day she was here. Her blood glucose is back to normal and her vital signs are all good.”

“Is she giving you a hard time?” I asked. 

The nurse laughed and said, “She’s a bit…obstinate.”

“Yes,” I agreed. “That she is. Do you have any idea when she may be ready for discharge?”

“So far, the plan is for tomorrow,” the nurse told me. That meant I better get busy. If she went home before rehab, chances are she would go on a bender and she’d refuse to go…until the next time.

I thanked the nurse and told her I’d be by later but I was available by phone. Then I called the social worker, Bridgette. 

“Hi Bridgette, this is Holly Valentine.”

“Yes, hello, Holly. I just came from seeing your mother a bit ago.”

“Her nurse says that physically she’s doing well. How is her mental health holding up?”

“Well, you know that the first couple of days sober are the hardest. She’s not happy, with any of us.”

I laughed and said, “Yes, I’m sure I’ll get an earful when I come down to see her in a bit. I was wondering if you may have a list of rehab facilities that I could pick up today.”

“Yes, absolutely. I’ll leave it with her nurse for you.” I thanked her and hung up. Now, I needed to search my new digs for some coffee. I made my way out to the kitchen and found a fresh-brewed pot. Aiden had scratched out a little note that said:

“My driver is available if you need to go anywhere or would like to get started moving your things over. I have meetings all day but will be home in time to have dinner. Think of what you might like and we’ll have it delivered in. Have a good day. P.S. the check is for your first week’s pay.” 

I picked up the check. It had a lot of numbers on it. It was definitely more than I made at the cafe in a week, even if you counted my tips. I read the note again. The truth be told, I read it three times, looking for a sign that he enjoyed our night together as much as I did. It wasn’t there, and I told myself to stop looking for it. I was only going to make this harder on myself if I didn’t stop. I took my coffee and went out onto the expansive balcony. There were beautiful lounge chairs and two little bistro tables, but I stood against the wrought-iron railing instead and looked out over the city. I was on top of the world. I looked down towards the sidewalk and wondered how painful it was going to be to fall. 

***

I spoke to the nurse and picked up the list of facilities before I went in to see Mom. She was sitting up in bed, watching Young and Restless when I walked in.

“There you are! I thought something had happened to you since you hadn’t been here for so long.”

Guilt trip, check. “Hi Mom,” I said, ignoring her remark. “How are you feeling?”

“Like I got hit by a truck. Please get me out of here, Holly, I need to go home and sleep in my own bed.”

I raised an eyebrow and said, “You’re not going home right away, Mom. Remember?”

“Oh, Holly. It’s out of my system now. That’s the hard part. I don’t need to sit in one of those fancy hospitals and listen to a bunch of fancy words. I know I need to stop drinking. I heard everything the doctor had to say about it.”

“I’m not taking you home,” I said.

“Holly…”

“No Mother, listen. I am not taking you home. I can’t force you to go to rehab, but I’m done with this. I am ready to have my own life and I can’t do that because I’m always trying to fix yours. So here’s the deal. You go to rehab and I will do everything I can do to make sure it all goes smoothly for you. I’ll hire someone while you’re gone to clean up and do all the repairs that the house needs and when you get out, I will still be around. If you refuse to go, then you walk out of here on your own and you stay on your own. I’m finished with all of this mother, I’m done.”

Mom looked shocked. It was the first time ever that I had threatened to walk away. I wasn’t just making threats either. I was ready to follow through on that promise. My mother looked like she believed it too. I expected tears or an argument so I was surprised when she simply said, “Okay.”

I waited for the rest. When it didn’t come I replied, “Good, okay. I’m going by the house today to pack you a bag. The nurse says you will likely be discharged tomorrow so I have to work fast. You behave okay?”

My mother smiled and said, “You forget which one of us is the mother.” 

I bent and kissed her on the forehead and said, “Hopefully that will change soon.”

***

I had my mother’s things packed and the arrangements made for her rehab. Within a couple of hours after leaving the hospital. I was not surprised but definitely a little bit amazed at how much easier money made everything. The last time I’d tried to get my mother into rehab on only her Medicaid and most of them had turned us down flat. The one that would take her had a three month waiting list. This time when I was ready, willing and able to pay cash, my mother was suddenly more than welcome.

After that was all taken care of, I went by to see Joe. I went through the back and of course, found him in the kitchen. 

“Hey Holly. Isn’t this your day off? You just can’t stay away from this place can you?”

I smiled, I really liked Joe. I was going to miss him. “Actually,” I told him. “I came by to give you my notice.”

He was holding a spatula and dropped it when I said that. He looked down at it for a second and then back up at me.

“Why? Did something happen? Is someone bothering you? If it’s about that drunk the other night, I won’t make you close up alone any longer. That was completely my fault.”

“No, Joe. Everything’s been great, and the obnoxious drunk was not your fault. I got another offer and it’s just a lot more money. I’m sorry. I love it here, I have been very happy.”

“Oh, well I guess you can’t pass that up. What will you be doing?” I knew he would ask and I also knew Rose and Myra would ask. I had a story ready.

“I’m going to be a personal assistant,” I told him.

“That’s cool,” he said. “I think you’ll be good at that, you’ve always been good with the details.”

“Thanks Joe and I’m sorry about leaving you. Hopefully you can find someone before my two weeks is up.”

“When do they want you to start the other job?” he asked.

“Right away, but I told them that I’d have to give you notice.”

“Nah, Rose and Myra and that new little waiter I hired as relief…what the hell is his name? Trent? Taylor?”

I laughed, “It’s Trenton.”

“Oh yeah, anyways, he’d love the hours and I think he’s pretty well trained by now.”

“Are you sure, Joe? I don’t want to leave you in a bind. You’ve been so good to me.”

“Nah, I’m sure. We’ll be fine, and quit that lying. You know I haven’t been good to you at all. I’m an old grump.”

I hugged him and gave him a kiss on the cheek, “You are an old grump, but I love you anyways.” He looked embarrassed, but he hugged me back. Rose and Myra were busy and I thought it would be better if I called them anyways. They’ll ask fewer questions on the phone. I wasn’t prepared to tell them just yet what I was really doing. 

I stopped at the grocery store on my way back to the apartment. I got food to make dinner for Aiden and me. I liked to cook, and I wasn’t crazy about the idea of eating out every night. When I got back to the penthouse and stepped out of my cab, the first thing that happened was Aiden’s driver who was seated in the podium area got up and said, “Miss Valentine, you don’t have to pay for a cab. Mr. Scott left me here in case you needed anything. You just beat me out this morning. If that ever happens again, you are welcome to call me.” 

“Oh, okay. I’m sorry I’m just so used to calling a cab. Old habits die hard.” 

He laughed and said, “Yes ma’am. Just call me next time.” 

I told him that I would, but the truth was, I didn’t want anyone who was connected to Aiden to know about my mother. I wasn’t ready for Aiden to know about her. 

 Once I got to the penthouse I unpacked my groceries and set everything up to start cooking dinner. I had the chicken browned and was just adding the vegetables to the wok when Aiden got home. 

“Hi,” Aiden said, looking at me strangely when he came into the kitchen.

“Hey,” I said with a smile. “I hope you don’t mind that I’m using your kitchen, I’ll clean it all when I’m done.”

“Of course I don’t mind, Holly. I want you to think of this as your home as long as you’re here. But, you don’t have to do that. There are about a dozen restaurants around here that deliver and you can get good nutritious foods from most of them.”

“I know. I like to cook though. If I’m not going to be working I’ll have to find other ways to spend my time. I can’t just sit around.” Aiden smiled. 

“Okay, you do as you like,” he said. “Do I have time for a shower before its ready?”

“Yep,” I told him. “It will be all set up when you get out.” I went about my cooking and setting the table, humming as I did. I was happy, for the first time in a really long time, I was truly happy. But that was a problem in itself, wasn’t it? I was setting myself up for how bad I was going to feel when this was all over. Lost in my own thoughts, I searched the kitchen for some simple water glasses. I found a lot of cups and wine glasses and champagne flutes, even juice glasses, but no water glasses anywhere. I opened the one cabinet that I hadn’t looked in yet and finally saw them there on the top shelf. I stood up on my tiptoes, but they were just out of my reach. I was just thinking that I was going to have to get a chair when I felt Aiden’s hand brush past mine and pull a glass off the shelf for me. As he reached up for a second one I could feel the heat from his body. He smelled clean and masculine from his shower and whatever he’d put on afterwards. I was suddenly intoxicated by it. 

I lowered myself down off my toes and looked at him. He’d dressed in a casual pair of Levi’s and a white long-sleeved cotton t-shirt. The white of the shirt really offset his dark hair, eyes and soft tan complexion. I felt myself flush with heat from my head to my toes and I could visualize throwing myself into his arms, kissing and hugging him as I feasted on his luscious lips. I didn’t do it though, I maintained my professionalism and after clearing the world’s largest lump from my throat, I said, “Dinner’s ready.”

“Do you want wine?” he asked.

“No, thank you. I’ll have water.” He waited for me to sit down and then he sat too. 

“It smells great,” he said. “Looks good too.”

“It’s one of my…my favorites of the things I can cook,” I told him. 

He took a bite and said, “Wow, great job, Holly. It’s delicious.”

“I’m glad you like it,” I said. We were both silent for the next several minutes as we ate. Aiden commented once more on how delicious it was as he dabbed at his mouth.

After we both finished, he actually helped me with kitchen clean-up duty and I put on a pot of coffee for myself and he took a beer out of the refrigerator. We both went out into the living room, and Aiden asked if I’d like to listen to some music.

“Sure,” I said.

He turned it on and a sweet old “oldies” tune began to waft out. He started to change it and I said, “Oh leave it there, please. My dad used to listen to these old songs while he worked in his garage. I love them.”

Aiden smiled and said, “Me too.” We sat silently, listening for a minute and he surprised me when he broke the silence by saying, “I think we have a lot in common.”

“Sure we do,” I said. “We’re both millionaire mogul CEO’s and we both own swanky penthouses and our very own limousine.”

Aiden laughed and said, “I didn’t say we had everything in common. I haven’t always been what you call a “millionaire mogul” you know.” He had laughed, but he almost sounded offended, as if that was all I thought of him. 

“I’m sorry I didn’t mean to offend you. Of course I know there’s a lot more to you than that.”

He smiled again and said, “You didn’t offend me, Holly. I do get tired of the labels that we attach to people. Now, I’m the millionaire mogul and people bow at my feet. When I was a teenager I had different labels. I was the “bookworm,” I was “the nerd.” It’s amazing how money can change people’s perceptions of you, and themselves.”

I was staring at him, gaping I suppose. Finally he said, “What?”

“I’m sorry; I just can’t picture you as a nerd. Being smart is usually one of the qualities so yes, I see that…but you’re much too attractive to be a nerd.”

He laughed and I think I blushed. I’m not sure what I’d meant to say, but it wasn’t that. “Well, thank you for that. Sometimes I still feel him in there, that nerdy kid who everyone picked on and made fun of trying to get out. What label did you have in high school, Holly?” 

“I don’t think I had one,” I lied. I was one of the outcasts, one of the groups of kids whose home life was so miserable that they were practically invisible anywhere else they went, because that was easier than making friends and then telling them they can’t come to your house, or no, your mother couldn’t drive them home from school. 

I could feel Aiden scrutinizing me, but he let it go. He turned to another subject, “Tell me why a beautiful woman like you is still single, and why such an obviously intelligent woman is working at a dead end job.”

My stomach lurched a little. I didn’t want to talk about all of that with him. What difference would it make in the long run? “I just haven’t found the right man yet,” I said. “And I was actually saving for college,” I lied. “I’m going to get there soon. Maybe that’s what I’ll do with the money that you’re paying me.”

He reached out and touched my face sending tiny little chills running down my arms. Then he said, “I think there’s a great deal about you that I have yet to discover.” I wondered if that was just an abstract statement, or if that meant he really wanted to know me. He answered that question with his next one, “What was it your father was tinkering on in the garage when he listened to his oldies?”

I had to smile at the thought of my dad. He loved to work on things. By trade he was a sanitation engineer, a garbage man for the city. He loved his job, and I always thought it was because he got to find ‘treasures’ that he would later be able to bring home and fix up. “Everything,” I told Aiden. “He would find things that people had thrown out and bring them home and then when he had time, he would restore them, or make completely new things out of them. He was good too. Much of what was in our house were things that he made or as he used to put it, ‘brought back to life.’” 

Aiden was smiling, “Did you lose him long ago?” he asked. 

“When I was fourteen. It was the hardest thing I ever had to do, stand and watch them put the man I loved so dearly into the ground.”

“I know what you mean,” Aiden told her. “My parents were killed in a car accident when I was twelve. It was earth-shattering. I was lost for most of my teen years, just wondering where I belonged.”

“Oh Aiden, I’m sorry to hear that. Did you have other relatives who took you in?”

“I did, but none of them could keep me for long for one reason or another. My aunt took me in first, but she already had four children and when she found out she was expecting her fifth, she sent me to live with my grandparents. They were good to me, but they’d lived in another state much of my life and we didn’t really know each other. They were a lot older too. It was like living with strangers. When my grandfather passed and Grandmother had to go into a nursing home I was sixteen. I emancipated myself then and I’ve been on my own mostly since. I’m sure all of that has to do with why I crave my own family so badly.”

“I’m sure it does,” I said. “No brothers or sisters?”

“No, I was an only child.”

“Me too. My parents lost one after me. I think they were afraid to try again.”

We sat quietly again, listening to the music. It was a comfortable silence, one that comes from being content. I had my head leaned back into the sofa and I felt Aiden reach over and touch my hair softly. I looked at him and he said softly, “You’re so beautiful, Holly.” 

I felt myself blush and thankfully before I could spit out my silly, “Thank you,” he pulled me into him and covered my mouth with a kiss. His tongue snaked in between my lips and joined mine in a beautiful tango. We kissed for a long time and even though I started to feel like I could hardly breathe, I didn’t want it to end. When it did, he only pulled back slightly and I could feel his breath on my face as he said, “Would you mind if I join you in your bed again tonight?”

I smiled, I’m sure it was a giddy smile because that’s how I felt. “Not at all,” I told him. He stood up and reached out for my hand. I took his and followed him to my new room. The curtains were wide open so that the twinkling of the fairy lights across the city cast a soft glow over everything. We didn’t bother closing them, we were on top of the world, and no one would see us here. 

~

Chapter Ten

~



I woke up alone again the next morning. The night before had been magical. Aiden was a skilled and tender lover, without a doubt the best that I’d ever had. Not that I’d had that many, but enough to know that the way he concentrated on my wants and needs and unselfishly brought me pleasure was not the norm. I wondered if he left the moment that I had fallen asleep. Was that to keep himself distanced? Was he trying to not have feelings for me, or did he really not?

I stretched out in the comfortable bed and told myself not to think about it now. There would be plenty of time to figure that out while we work on conception and then spend nine months awaiting the arrival of his miracle. I shuddered again at that thought and made myself change tracks. I had to take my mother to rehab today and then meet the contractor at her house and discuss with him what needed to be done there. 

I threw back the sheet and climbed out of bed. I put on my robe and slippers and wandered through the big, empty apartment to the kitchen. I found myself looking around as I poured my coffee, but there was no note today. Yesterday’s was a fluke, just to orient me to my first day. He wasn’t my husband, or my boyfriend. I was his employee and he was under no obligation to tell me where he was going, when he would be back, or to wish me a good day.

I took my coffee out on the balcony again and as I sat there and sipped it in the cool morning air I reminded myself that Aiden wasn’t the only thing I needed to be careful of not getting overly attached to. The lifestyle could be addictive as well. 

After finishing my coffee I showered and dressed. I was just getting ready to leave the apartment when my cell phone rang. It was Rose.

“Hey girl! What on earth is going on? Joe said you quit.”

“Yeah, I went in to give him my two week notice. He told me I could just go and you all would be fine. I was going to go out and talk to you but it was the lunch rush and you looked awfully busy. I’m sorry.”

“Why did you quit? Is it your mother? Is she giving you a hard time again?”

“No…well yes, she was. I’m taking her to a rehab facility out in Scarsdale today. Hopefully it will stick. That wasn’t why I quit though, I have a new job.”

“Doing what?” Rose asked.

“I’m a personal assistant, of sorts.”

“Wow! I didn’t even know you were applying.”

“I wasn’t,” I told her. “Sometimes it tracks you down and presents itself.”

I held my lips closed and said something completely unintelligible. I really didn’t want to tell her.

“I’m sorry, what did you say?”

“I said, Aiden Scott,” I repeated.

Rose actually gasped, “Are you kidding me? The Aiden Scott? The one who has the giant hots for you?”

I laughed, “He does not have the “giant” hots for me,” I said, trying not to blush as I thought about all of the things he did to me the past two nights. 

“Honey you’re either lying, delusional or in denial. I always knew he had it bad for you. Now it’s just confirmed. Is he paying you good?”

“Better than you can imagine,” I told her. She went on again about how he “wants me” and then she let me in on some of the gossip going on around the café. When I finally got off the phone, it had been an hour conversation from start to finish. I felt bad not telling my friends the whole story, but I just didn’t think any of them were going to understand. Some days, I wasn’t sure I understood myself.

I had to wait another hour when I got to the hospital for them to get Mom and her things ready. We finally headed out to Scarsdale around eleven-thirty. She complained the entire way and I was trapped on the train with her.

“Holly, I want to go home. I want to be in my own house in my own bed…”

“We’ve already had this conversation, Mother. If you leave this facility before you’re deemed ready to go by the staff, that’s it for us, do you understand me? If this is how you choose to live your life, I can’t stop you. It is not how I choose to live mine, and I can make the choice to not live it that way.”

My mother didn’t have anything to say to all of that, but she didn’t refuse again, but even if she did, she’d have to wait now and get on the train back to midtown when we got to Scarsdale.

We got to the train station and she still hadn’t said a word, so we got a cab to the rehab facility and she sat silently on that ride too. She thought she was punishing me, but I definitely preferred it to the incessant whining. She refused to speak to the admissions worker as well, so I answered all of the questions. She did sign the paperwork which I was thankful for. When I got ready to leave I said, “I’m sorry that you’re angry with me, but I’m only doing this because I love you.”

She wouldn’t even look at me. I kissed her cold cheek and told her to call me if she needed anything. She stared straight ahead with no response. I left with tears in my eyes and allowed myself to cry all the way home. Then once I got there, I told myself that was it, there was nothing left to cry over, she was on her way to being well, and I was on my way to financial freedom, at last. 



AIDEN


I got home from the office late the second day that Holly was living with me to find multiple boxes of Chinese food, enough to feed an entire family sitting on the dining room table with a note that said: 

“I hope you had a nice day. I didn’t know what you liked so I ordered a variety. Sleep well, Holly.”

I smiled, because it was sweet, but I also had to grimace. Was I making a mistake with this naïve young lady? She’s only been here two days and it already seems as if she’s treating this as some kind of domestic partnership. Were my intentions so incredibly selfish that I failed to consider the emotional ramifications that this would have on her? I understood clearly that this was a business deal, and she said that she did, but did she really? A lot of women would be happy to do this for a large sum of cash and walk away. Holly didn’t seem like that type and ironically that was one of the reasons I picked her. I liked that although she seemed to be struggling and I knew she was taking care of her alcoholic mother, she didn’t seem overly attached to the money or the luxury that she suddenly found herself surrounded by. She still refused to let the driver run her around town and instead took a cab everywhere she went. She cooked and she cleaned up her mess. She made her own bed. To me, those were astounding qualities in a woman who was suddenly and completely relieved of the responsibility of doing any of that.

I can tell when we’re having sex that to her it is more than just the act of conception. She looks at me with real emotion in her eyes and sometimes my guilt runs so deep that I can’t look back. The sex is phenomenal, the best that I’ve ever had…and I’ve had more than a few. Afterwards, she always snuggles into me, and damn it feels good but I wait for her to go to sleep and then I go back to my own room. Spending all of our nights together would add to her confusion. I don’t want to lead her on, that’s why I’d put everything into the contract and made sure that she understood all of it before we agreed to any of this. 

I went down the hall to her room. The door was left open a crack so I peeked inside. I could see her in the moonlight and the lights of the city coming in through her windows. She was lying on top of the bed with her long hair fanned out around her. She was wearing a night shirt that came to her knees and I could see the gentle rise and fall of her chest. I felt something stirring in my stomach; it was more than just desire…I ignored it. I’d had those feelings before, once. I’d acted on them and given away my whole heart, only to have it trampled and broken. I wouldn’t go through that again, for anyone. I wasn’t looking for a permanent hookup or even a long-term lover. The last thing I want now or likely ever again in my life is a permanent hook up with someone. I don’t want to give someone that much power and control over me…ever again, and most especially, I don’t want anyone to have the power to walk away with my child. 

I had spent a significant amount of time searching for the right woman. She had to be beautiful, intelligent, kind and of course, healthy. When I first saw Holly I was instantly aroused by her beauty and I hoped that she fit all of the other bills. I sat in that café for two months, finding out what I could, but the selection of my child’s biology required more than I could learn about her in an hour or two at the café. So of course, I had an extensive background check done on her. That was how I found out that she’d turned down several offers to colleges because of her high GPA in high school. That seemed curious so I delved deeper and found out about her mother’s alcoholism and how many times dear Holly had to bail her out over the years. Holly seemed to drink very little, have sex only when in a relationship, and only visited the doctor once yearly presumably for an annual check-up. I hadn’t cared about her mother’s problems once I had all of the facts.

The fact that I was extremely attracted to her was going to help as well. She was not only gorgeous, but something about her just drew me in to the point of where I just had to have her. Even if she had said no to the proposition I would have still tried to bed her. I’m so glad she said yes, and that she wanted to try and conceive the old fashioned way. It’s exciting to me to know each time we could be creating life…my child’s life, not to mention how fabulous the sex is. 

I’ve done my best other than the sex to keep this relationship strictly business. I hope I’ve succeeded. I try to view her as just another of my thousands of employees. She has the most important job of course, so I want to reward her handsomely. I need to remember when I’m feeling overwhelmed with emotion, if we’re not fucking…to get the hell out of there. 



HOLLY


I had just gotten a clean bill of health from my new doctor, but was unsurprisingly told that the pregnancy test was negative. It had only been three weeks, so neither Aiden nor I had even considered it a possibility yet. The good news was that he and I had fallen into a rhythm. We had a familiar routine that had begun one morning not long after the night I’d gone to bed without him and he’d stood at my door and stared at me for the longest time, watching me sleep. I hadn’t been asleep, I’d known he was there, but I’d made up my mind that any moves beyond the stipulations of our contract would be up to him from now on. I had emotions running rampant through my heart and my brain. It was likely if I acted on them, other than late at night when we were both in the throes of passion, that I would regret it. So I’d forced myself to pretend like this was only a job and that I was fine with it only being temporary. 

I think Aiden had noticed my retreat and I don’t know if it was due to emotions of his own, or a fear that I was going to give up and leave, but he’d begun being more attentive on his own. He wasn’t overly so, he didn’t whisper terms of endearment in my ear when we shared a meal or took a walk, but he started not leaving so early in the mornings, having coffee or breakfast with me on the terrace, sometimes having his driver bring me to different restaurants to meet him for lunch, and almost always making it home in time for dinner, or taking me out to eat. 

I was enjoying my new life. It was definitely the polar opposite of my old one. But the truth be told, I’d begun to feel so strongly about him that I’d gladly trade the luxuries for him to feel the same way about me. The fact that I still had so much time and he was beginning to open up and talk to me about things gave me hope. 

As I took my walk this morning I thought back on the conversation we’d had the night before. We were watching a documentary on the Discovery Channel about beaches and conservation and out of the blue he said, “I haven’t seen the beach or felt the sand since I was in high school.”

I thought that was strange. He was obviously wealthy enough to go anywhere in the world that he wanted to. Didn’t wealthy people take regular vacations and wouldn’t some of those vacations inevitably land him on a beach or an island somewhere?

“Why not?” I’d asked him.

“Too busy with work,” he said. 

“Why do you work so hard?” I had asked him. “So many hours that you have no time for yourself?” Then without thinking about how it might sound I added, “When is enough money enough?”

He looked at me with a hard expression. I was afraid that I’d made him angry. The silence was awkward and when he broke it he said, “When I was a kid, we lived like normal, middle-class people. My father worked on Wall Street and my mother was a stay-at-home mom. I had no idea what our financial status was really, but I would have never guessed rich. After my parents were killed, and I was staying with my aunt she told me that her father, who was also my mother’s father was a billionaire. She said that he had accounts set up for me all over the world, and that it was likely I was a multi-millionaire myself. I asked her why I never met him and why my parents never told me about the money. I guess when my mother and her sister were kids, my grandfather left them and his wife for an eighteen year old girl that he married and began a new family with. Out of his guilt, the girls and my grandmother were all given a large amount of money. My grandmother refused to touch hers so my mother and aunt did as well. They didn’t want anything from him since he’d been incapable of giving them what they had needed the most before he’d walked out. My mother didn’t have any further contact with him, as far as I knew. She never talked about him in front of me anyways. My aunt says he never tried to contact them. It was as if he thought giving them money was sufficient to make them disappear. My mother died with all of her money in an account and it reverted to me. She and my father weren’t poor in their own right. I didn’t realize how wealthy I was for a long time. When I was 25, the rest of the accounts my grandfather secretly set up became mine too.”

“So that’s what you used to start your business?”

“No,” he said. “Like my mother, I didn’t want anything from that man. When she died, he didn’t even come to the funeral. He called me and said he was out of the country and wouldn’t be able to make it. That was the last time that I spoke to him. I tried to arrange for my attorney to return all of the money to him, but he refused it. I only used the money my parents left me to live on while I started my business on my own. That’s a big part of why I work so hard to keep it flourishing. It means something to me, not the money but the fact that I succeeded on my own. I also want the old man to know that I don’t want anything from him. I want that to be his last thought before he dies old and alone.”

“Wow.” I hadn’t known what to say other than that. It helped explain a lot of his quirks like his emotional unavailability, his strong hold on his private issues and his fear of any kind of commitment. It also made me a little concerned about what his views on family bonds might be like. 

“Let’s go to the beach, Holly,” Aiden said, out of the blue.

“Really?”

“Yeah, really. How long has it been since you’ve gone to the beach?”

“Quite a long time,” I admitted.

“Then we both need to get away. I can only go for the day but let’s say we’ll leave around ten tomorrow and go out to the Jersey shore.”

“That sounds great,” I told him, trying not to sound quite as excited as I felt. 

“I’d take you to my Island but we’d have to take a boat and it’s not really doable in a day.”

I had to remind myself to close my mouth. 

“You have an Island?”

“Yeah, it was a guilt present from the old man. He deeded it to me the day of her funeral. Another thing I wasn’t aware of until years later.”

“A whole island?” I was having trouble wrapping my head around it. Who owns an entire island? I wondered if even Aiden knew how wealthy he actually was. 


~

Chapter Eleven

~



So here I was getting ready for a trip to the Jersey shore with a man who owned an entire Island. It was somewhat surreal. 

“Are you ready?” he asked me around ten.
	
“I’m ready,” I told him, still trying to contain my excitement. I hadn’t been on any kind of vacation since my father died over ten years ago. The thought of a simple trip to Jersey was thrilling to me. 

The driver took us to a place called Avalon. I had never been there of course, but I had also never heard of it. Aiden told me that King James I granted it as a Province in 1584 and that it was fishing and hunting area for those first two hundred and fifty years. In the 1800’s a developer had a vision to turn it into a resort destination. Since then it has become a tourist hotspot, but more of an upscale one than others that surround it. 

We were at a place called Seven Mile Beach. As soon as I stepped out of the car I could feel the cool ocean breeze against my face and taste the salty air on my tongue. The wind was blowing slightly and the waves were crashing in beautiful, serene arcs. We were surrounded by tall dunes and miles of pure, clean white sand. There was no commercial boardwalk and although the city of Avalon boasted a number of small boutique stores and several upscale restaurants, the beach was quiet and looked almost untouched. I could actually see whole seashells just lying out on the beach. I would have loved this place as a kid. I remember coming out with my father when I was little. We went to the boardwalk though and the seashells that hadn’t been crushed or picked over were few and far between.

Aiden took my hand like we were lovers, or at least friends. I guess we were, in a way. We began to walk along the beach, stopping occasionally to look into a tide pool or to inspect an indigenous plant. I couldn’t remember when I’d ever felt so relaxed, and I knew that since I’d met Aiden I had never seen him so happy. 



AIDEN


I don’t remember the last time I took the time to do something so relaxing. Maybe I never have. My ex-wife told me that was why she’d turned to my best friend. She said that I worked too much and made everything about business and money. She said that I didn’t know how to have fun and that’s what life was supposed to be about. 

I do remember that my life was fast paced while she and I were together, but I had taken time with the baby. I actually took a two week vacation when he was born and for the next two years…before she took him away from me, I made time to see him every day. I’m sure that if I had been given the chance, I would have continued to find time to spend with him, I could have learned a new way of life. 

But if I was being honest, she was right about me not taking time for her. I was under the assumption that she understood that I was doing what I needed to do for our family. She was an adult she should have been able to understand, right? I was creating a legacy that our son and his children and their children could live off of for generations. She didn’t understand though apparently. Instead, she hooked up with my best friend and had a baby she considered passing off as mine. Well, she did pass off as mine, at least long enough for her and her new man to save some money from the job I had given him. I still thought it was important to leave something for your family when you’re gone, I think never remarrying, and the contract that I have with Holly are my best bets. I will have my child and no one will be able to take him or her away. 

I stopped and sat on a rock while Holly explored, oohing and aahing at everything she saw. It was fun to look at things through her eyes. There was so much of life she had never experienced that it was almost like being with a child when she did. I slipped off my shoes and socks which was something else I hadn’t done before, at least not since I was a kid, and as I followed her along the sparkling white beach with the scent of the ocean in my nostrils, I realized that I liked it. The feel of the warm sand beneath my feet was somehow relaxing in itself. I looked at Holly, splashing barefoot along the edge of the blue-green ocean and I realized I liked her too, probably too much. But I understood that this was a business deal, a contracted arrangement. I was able to separate my emotions from my business. She looked at me then with one of her dazzling smiles and I found myself hoping that she truly understood it as well. Sometimes I was a little bit worried that she was getting too attached.

“This beach is so pretty, and there’s hardly anyone else here. It’s like our own private island,” she said. Then, remembering what I’d told her earlier she added, “Oh not that having your own private island is anything new to you.”

I laughed and said, “Well, it’s not like I’ve ever been there.”

“Are you kidding? You have an island and you’ve never even seen it?”

“I’ve seen photos,” I told her with a grin. “I don’t have time to be sitting around on an island. It’s pretty far out, not just a day trip.” 

“Well, it will be good anyways when you have your child. Imagine taking boating trips out to an island that your father owns and spending days exploring it. It makes me want to be a child again just thinking about it.”

I did like the way she said, “Your child,” but I didn’t care for the fact that she was trying to tell me what I should or shouldn’t be doing with him or her. 

“I think having a child might decrease the amount of time I have to spend on an island, rather than increase it,” I said. That might not be the case, but I suddenly felt the need to make her understand that she wouldn’t have a say in how the child was raised.

She stopped walking and said, “Really? A vacation exploring with your child doesn’t appeal to you at all?”

“He can explore, of course. I’ll send him with his staff.”

“With his staff? Are you serious?” she laughed, but I could tell she wasn’t amused. 

“Of course, why wouldn’t I be? I’ll need a nanny and then when you throw in a driver and a cook…well, then it’s a full staff pretty much.”

“But to say he’ll explore the world with his staff? Aiden you realize that children need their parents attention, right? Not just a pat on the head every now and again?”

I felt the annoyance flare hotter. She really was trying to tell me how I should raise my child. The one that she was being paid very well to walk away from. It made me angry and I snapped at her, “You realize that you have no say-so on the subject, right? This will be my child, not yours and I will raise him as I see fit. I’d prefer that you kept your opinions on that subject to yourself.”

She looked hurt, or maybe just shocked that I would speak to her that way. I felt bad about hurting her feelings by the way I’d said it, but I didn’t regret what I said. She seems to forget sometimes that we’re not actually a couple and that we’re not making a family together. It was all in black and white in the contract.

“I’m sorry for snapping at you,” I said, hoping that would appease her. 

“It’s fine,” she said. “You’re right; it’s your child and your business.” She didn’t seem like it was fine and as she spoke I felt even worse about hurting her. I was really not an ass. I just wanted…no; I needed to keep things pragmatic. Her lips were pursed in a defensive way and I couldn’t help thinking about how sweet they always tasted. A sensation passed through my body and although I knew I should leave it alone for now so that she didn’t continue to get the wrong idea, I was compelled to kiss her. I covered the small space between us in one step and had her in my arms, kissing her, feeling her warm body against mine in two thrilling seconds.

When we came up for air she said, “What was that about?”

“Foreplay,” I told her. I was trying to be cute and charming but she furrowed her brow like she didn’t understand. “I was thinking of a long day at the beach, lunch in a nice restaurant and then a marathon of baby making sex when we get back…so that was foreplay.”

She smiled, but it looked forced. I saw something pass across her eyes and I wished for the first time that I knew what she was thinking. I told myself it didn’t matter, like the way I plan to raise my child; her thoughts were not my business. We had a contract and she signed it. I signed it and I hope that we both intended to honor it. 



HOLLY


We did go home that night and make love for hours. I suppose to protect my heart, I should just refer to it as baby-making sex the way that Aiden does. It’s hard for me to see it that way. When we’re alone in that bed together he’s so sweet and tender and I hesitate to say it…loving. He’s a very unselfish lover and I shudder to think of the trail of broken hearts he had likely left in his wake. 

But, I told myself, no matter how sweet it was, the next morning I always wake up alone. During the day I can tell that he’s doing all he can to keep our relationship on a business level. The day at the beach when he kissed me I was shocked because he usually didn’t do that out of the blue. All of our affection is usually relegated to the bedroom. I had to wonder if he was only feeling guilty about snapping at me, or if he was beginning to have real feelings as well. I hated to admit it, but I was hoping for the latter. He was very good at guarding his feelings and I also had to wonder how good that was going to be when he had a child and he was the only parent. I did hope he knew that the child was not going to be content or even healthy if the only attention and affection he was getting was from the staff. I hoped he knew he wasn’t going to be able to treat that child like a possession…like something he’d paid for…which he did. After the way he snapped at me though, I suppose I should remember to keep those opinions to myself. 

It was Monday morning now and time for my weekly visit to the doctor. I was sitting in his lobby, flipping through a magazine, but not really seeing it. It had been two straight months and there was only one week during that time when we hadn’t had sex at least once a night. That was during my menstrual cycle. Other than that it was anywhere from one to three times a night. Sometimes he was insatiable and I almost couldn’t keep up with him. It was another reason I was able to lie to myself and believe that he felt something for me…who has that much sex with someone they don’t care for?

“Miss Valentine?” The nurse brought me out of my reverie. “Dr. Lewis is ready to see you now.” She had already taken all of my vitals and had me pee in a cup; the routine was the same every week. Then when the doctor was ready I would go back and he would tell me that I was in excellent health, but not pregnant yet. It all seemed like a waste of time and money to me, but Aiden insisted and he was the one paying the bills.

I followed the nurse through the double doors and down a long, quiet hall with lots of windows and green plants. I was starting to notice that places designed for the well-to-do were also designed for discretion. All of the doors were shut tight and I hadn’t seen another patient, not even in the halls. She showed me to my usual room and said, “Just go ahead and have a seat on the exam table. Dr. Lewis will be right in.”

I thanked her and picked up a copy of People magazine to thumb through while I waited. My thoughts started spinning again and I was happy that I didn’t have long to wait. Dr. Lewis came in carrying my chart within minutes.

“Hello, Holly. How are you doing today?”

“I’m doing well, doc. How are you?” I asked.

He smiled and said, “Good, thanks for asking. I have good news for you as well.”

I felt a tingle down my spine. Was he about to tell me that I was pregnant? Finally?

“Am I…?”

His grin grew wider and he said, “Yes, you’re pregnant, Holly. Just about six weeks along.”

“Yay!” I hooted out. I was so excited. 

“Aiden’s going to be really happy, isn’t he?”

“Yes, he’ll be so excited, thank you doctor!”

He laughed and said, “You’re welcome.” Then he began to explain to me what would happen from here on out. “Not your visit next week, but the one after we’ll do a sonogram to get a more accurate conception date. Then we’ll do them about every two months to make sure that the baby is growing and healthy. I’m going to give you a prescription for prenatal vitamins as well. Otherwise, keep doing what you’ve been doing. You’re a very healthy young lady. Your body will most definitely undergo a lot of changes though, so if anything concerns you or leaves you with questions please don’t hesitate to call me.”

I told him I would, took my prescription, thanked him again and left. I got into the back of the limousine, trying to act naturally. I didn’t want anyone to know, or guess until I’d had a chance to tell Aiden. I thought all the way home about what I would make us for dinner and dessert, and how I would tell him. 

I was filled with so many different emotions. There was a mixture of anticipation and relief that worried me. I knew the relief was because Aiden was beginning to get a little anxious over it taking so long, but the anticipation? Why was I anticipating nine months of a growing body, aches and pains, morning sickness…when all I had to look forward to at the end was packing my bags and leaving before the baby even makes it home to the nursery. The more I anticipated it, the more it was going to sting in the end. 

When I got up to the penthouse I made a cup of tea and took it out on the balcony. I sat down on one of the loungers and leaned back into it. I closed my eyes and I let myself do something that I hadn’t done since this whole thing started…remember what my thoughts used to be on becoming a mother. 

My own mother and I hadn’t had a good relationship for a long time. That had skewed my outlook a bit on motherhood. But before that, when things were good in my family I used to, like all other little girls, dream of the big wedding and the honeymoon on a beach and the big house where after a while I would discover that I was pregnant with our child and we would both be dancing on air. 

We would embark on that new journey together and he would be at my side every step of the way. We would count our blessings…together. I would carry around my baby dolls and call myself “Mama.” I remember my dad telling me what a good mother I was going to be someday. I wondered what he would think of me now, but then I reminded myself that things would be so much different if he were still around. 

This whole time since I’d signed that contract, I don’t think I’d really thought about the reality of what I was doing until now. I mean the real slap you in the face reality. The one that comes from having the doctor tell you you’re pregnant. I have a human being growing inside of me. 

No matter what happened with this baby, once I walked away from him the entire course of my life was going to change. When I did find that special someone and we did make a baby together, none of it was going to be new. Even if I never shared this experience with my true love, I would know that I had walked the path before…and it had ended at a brick wall. I’m sure I would be depressed on the anniversary of his birthday every year, and each time I saw a child his age, I would have to wonder how he was doing and if he was happy, and healthy…what was I doing?

Once I tell Aiden that I’m pregnant, he would begin to prepare for the day that I would leave. I’d spend the next nine months watching him plan for my departure. That was another source of my angst. I was really hoping to mean more to him by now. All of that was not to mention the reservations I had about the ideas he had about raising a child, or I should say about his staff raising a child. He was so cold sometimes, so distant…what kind of person leaves her child in the hands of someone who was likely going to show it very little love and affection? Does that make me a terrible person?

I needed some more time to think about this. I needed to get a better feel at least of how he was going to be with our child…his child. I decided to forego the announcement ceremony and wait a few days before I told him anything. 

When Aiden got home from work that night the first thing he said was, “How did the appointment go? Anything yet?”

If I lied then when I told him, he would know that I lied…unless I just waited to tell him until after my next appointment. I didn’t know what I was going to do yet, but I did know that I wasn’t ready to tell him. I wasn’t ready to slowly be shuffled towards the door.

“Everything is fine, but nothing yet,” I told him. I hated to lie and I was afraid he could see the truth on my face. 

I’m guessing he bought it because he loudly said, “Damn!” as he slammed his briefcase down on the table. “How long is this going to take?”

I had dinner set out and his tantrum caused the plates to jump and the gravy to slosh over the sides of the gravy boat. He looked at it, with disgust. Grabbing his briefcase up and knocking over a glass of water then he said, “I’ll be in my study. I’m not hungry. If I get hungry I’ll order something in later.” I watched in shock as he stormed out of the dining room and down the hall. Not only leaving me in shock, but to clean up his mess as well. His behavior only reinforced the notion that I was right not to tell him I was pregnant. Not just yet…


~

Chapter Twelve

~




Aiden’s behavior improved over the next week. I suppose he got past the initial disappointment. It took me a while to get over the image of him throwing his briefcase and having a tantrum like a small child. We were still having our nightly sessions of baby-making sex, and he’d gone back to being friendly and warm and having meals with me. But I’d seen the other side to him, and the more I saw the more I was beginning to regret this entire thing and beginning to wonder if I might be able to take care of a baby on my own. I actually knew I could do it on my own, I guess I was wondering more if I had the nerve to just walk out on him, never letting him know the child even existed.

On Saturday he called from his meeting or wherever he was that day and asked me if I wanted to do dinner and the Opera that night. I was ecstatic and hoped that it would be as wonderful as the first time that I went with him. I went out shopping for a dress to wear as soon as I’d hung up. Aiden had told me to go back to the same boutique I’d gone to before and they would be expecting me. While I was out I went into the pharmacy to pick-up my prenatal vitamins. As I listened to the pharmacy tech give me verbal directions on taking them I felt someone walk up behind me. I didn’t think anything of it until the young girl put my vitamins in a bag and I turned around to face Myra.

“Hi,” she said with a grin.

“Myra, oh my goodness! It’s so nice to see you.”

“You too, girl. Imagine my surprise seeing you here, picking up prenatal vitamins.”

“Myra, about that…please don’t tell anyone.”

“Why not, girl? Is it Aiden Scott’s baby? Of course it is, you’re a one-man woman, I know that. Honey, you don’t have to be ashamed that you’re not married…I bet he’s going to ask you soon anyways, right?”

I laughed, I had forgotten how fast Myra talked and how quickly she could change tracks. “I’m not ashamed; but I do have an issue or two,” I said, trying to laugh it all off. I suddenly felt the need for someone to talk to. Do you have a few minutes? Can we get a cup of coffee?”

“Yes and yes, I’d love to,” she said. “Let me just pick-up my prescription and I’ll be set.” Ironically, Myra was there to pick up her birth control.

Myra and I walked down the street arm in arm to a coffee shop on the corner. We made small talk about the café and all the people I missed, and a few that I didn’t. She claimed that Joe was even grumpier with me gone and some of the creepy old men had even stopped showing up. I knew she was trying to make me feel good and I appreciated it. 

When we got our coffee we took a seat outside. It was a gorgeous day and it felt good to be out with a friend. It had been too long for me. 

“So, tell Mama what’s going on,” she said with a smile. “I can tell there are some heavy things sitting on your shoulders my love.”

I knew Aiden and I hadn’t talked about whether or not I was supposed to share our situation, but nothing in my contract forbade it and I really needed to just unburden my soul to someone who I knew loved me and wouldn’t tell me I was a complete idiot. I also needed some advice.

“I’m not sure where to start,” I said. 

“At the beginning, honey,” she said with a grin. 

“Well, yes. I’m pregnant and yes the baby is Aiden Scott’s. But it’s not what you would think.”

“Are you still working for him?” She had “sexual harassment” written all over her face.

“Yes, but not as his assistant, the truth was harder for me to say, so I made up that story. I’m sorry that I lied. He approached me a couple months back with a proposition…” I told Myra the details, most of them anyways. She already knew about my mother so she knew what my financial obligations were and how tight things had been for me. When I finished talking she looked like she was trying to take it all in.

“Now that you’re pregnant, have things changed for you? I mean I know you said you gave this a lot of thought, but thinking about what if’s and seeing that blip on the screen are so different. Are you wishing at all now that you hadn’t agreed to all of this?”

“Yes and no,” I told her. I’m actually excited to be pregnant. I’m just starting to have some concerns. I mean, I guess they were there all along, but like you said, reality is different.”

Myra smiled sadly and said, “The thought of walking away from your child has gone from a future fantasy to a sudden reality, right? I have read things and watched on television about surrogates. The one thing that I’ve noticed is that they’re usually older and have their own families. They also usually carry someone else’s egg. It’s very unusual to be asked to use your own, I think.”

“Yes, I always knew it would be hard, but now that I know he or she is in there…growing…a part of me…that and the fact that I have concerns about Aiden’s emotional health and how that would affect his ability to raise a healthy child. I’ve tried really hard to think of this as only his child, but lying to myself is impossible.”

“What’s wrong with him?” she asked. “I knew that boy was too good to be true when he used to come in the café.”

I smiled, “It’s not really that anything is wrong with him…he’s been hurt, badly. He grew up without his parents, he has an almost non-existent relationship with the rest of his relatives, he’s shut down his emotions to protect his heart and he looks at everything as a business deal, that way it’s all in black and white and it doesn’t leave room for heartache. I don’t know all of the details but his ex-wife hurt him pretty badly as well.”

“Oh honey, heartache is part of life. We’ve all been hurt. You have to learn to suck it up and move on. He can’t live in a bubble, especially if he’s going to raise a healthy child. Nothing makes you see things in the world unlike you’ve ever seen it before than looking at it through the eyes of a child.”

“I do know that, Myra. I was hoping, subconsciously mostly that I could change him, that this whole situation would change him. I had delusions that he and I would end up together, but I don’t see it happening.”

“Can you get out of this contract? I mean, what would happen if you just took what was in your own body and left? He can’t sue you…I mean he can, but what do you have for him to take?”

“The child I promised him,” I said. “The one that I signed a legal contract giving up already.”

“Yes, but let me tell you something, and I know this because I’ve been there with my sister. Her ex tried to take her babies just because he’s meaner than a junk yard dog. There was an investigation, but my sister was told by her attorney that unless you’re a despicable person the courts will be very hesitant to take a baby from its mother. At the worst, you might have to share custody.”

“Even though he has so much more money than me?”

“It’s just what I think, honey. I don’t know any of this for a hundred percent. But if you decide to walk away be very sure that you can live with that, okay? Otherwise it will be your emotional health in jeopardy.”

I nodded. It was good to finally have someone to bounce things off of. I needed to say so much of it out loud. I left there that day still unsure of what to do, but at least feeling like my soul was lighter. I went to the boutique where Aiden has an account and got my dress and shoes for the opera. I decided on the way home that I would let us have tonight to enjoy and tomorrow I would tell him. I would also talk to him about all of my concerns and from there, decide what to do.

***

I was dressed in my beautiful, black designer gown and heels by the time Aiden got home. He looked at me and let out a low whistle. 

“Wow, Holly…you’re gorgeous.”

“Thank you,” I said, blushing. “I’m looking forward to tonight.”

“Good, I’m looking forward to it, too,” he said. “I’ve seen a few, but not this one in particular. Let me shower and dress and then we’ll go.”

On the way, Aiden told me that the opera “Macbeth” that we were going to see was composed in 1847. He wanted it to reflect modern times, and times in Europe at that point were very dark. He wanted me to know that the sets and staging would be dark and ominous.

“It sounds fascinating,” I told him, honestly. 

“Yeah, it does,” he said with a grin. “I like your enthusiasm for life, Holly,” he said, catching me off guard. 

“You think I have a lot of that?” I asked him. I didn’t really see myself that way.

“I do, and I enjoy being around it. I feed off of it even at times.”

I laughed and said, “Well then, I’m glad I have it too.”

We of course sat in one of the private boxes once we’d gotten to the opera. One of Aiden’s business associates and his wife were seated in the box behind us and Aiden introduced me to them as his “girlfriend.” I found it strange and thrilling at the same time. It gave my imagination fodder for more hope that he’d somehow come around to wanting more out of our relationship. When the curtain came up and the lights went down, he even reached over and took my hand in his…this led me on further. 

I tried to concentrate on the show. The lead soprano…Lady Macbeth was a gorgeous woman with a big, big voice. Aiden whispered at one point that Verdi had wanted her to be hideous. With this one, he would have been disappointed. She was so pretty, it was hard for even me to look away. 

When she wasn’t on stage however, I found much of it to be very dark as Aiden had said it would be, and had to keep myself focused on it. I was wondering about his “girlfriend” comment, and the fact that he was holding my hand, and all of the things Myra said earlier. I was practicing in my head how I would tell him that I was pregnant…and I was wondering if he would still want to make love to me once he knew we’d been successful. 

After the opera was over we had dinner at a cozy little steakhouse. I was feeling a warm glow by the time we got home, and was more than ready for Aiden’s amorous advances. We kissed and touched and got each other worked up out on the couch and then we played down the hallway, finally falling into my bed and into each other’s arms. Our lovemaking seemed different to me somehow. It was still mind-numbing but it seemed that Aiden was moving slower, savoring it a bit more. When I fell asleep in his arms that night I wished that I could wake up in the very same position. 

Imagine my surprise when I did. The first thing I normally do is roll over and stretch out on the big bed. This day though I didn’t want to move. I was afraid of waking him up and breaking the spell. My whole body felt warm from the inside out. I could feel his steady breaths on the side of my face and his lips brushing lightly against my skin. I thought about the baby growing inside of me and I had another silly fantasy that Aiden would wake up and decide that we should raise him together. I was lost in these thoughts when he did wake up. 

He looked around the room, disoriented, and when he realized where he was he pulled back and away from me and I knew without asking that he had fallen asleep by mistake and not because he couldn’t stand the thought of leaving the comfort of my arms. After he stretched, he did look at me and smile. It was a forced smile, but I suppose I should give him credit for trying. 

“Do you want some breakfast?” I asked him.

“What were you thinking?” 

I don’t know if it was the pregnancy already or if it was all the sex, but I was craving pancakes. “How about pancakes…and eggs.”

“Mmm, sounds sweet and tempting. I’ll take it,” he said. “I’m going to shower while you fix them if you don’t mind.”

“Sure,” I told him. I hate to admit it, even to myself but I was hoping for a kiss before he got out of bed. Unsurprisingly, I was disappointed. He jumped up and headed out of the room and back to his for his shower. I got up and slipped on my robe and slippers and after brushing my teeth and hair I went out to make the breakfast.

I had a griddle of pancakes set and got ready to make the eggs when I realized that I’d forgotten to ask Aiden what kind of eggs he wanted. Padding down the hall towards his room, I was stopped short by the sound of his voice. I figured that he must be on the phone and I turned to go back to the kitchen so he didn’t think I was eavesdropping. Then I heard the word “fertility” and I stopped in my tracks. Like a criminal, I crept to the door and stood quietly next to it. My stomach began to churn and I could feel the bile rising to the back of my throat as I heard him speaking.

“So you’ve had three and it only took two inseminations for the first one and one for the next two? That’s amazing! I’ve been trying with my surrogate for over two months and nothing yet. I haven’t decided just yet if I’m ready to give this one up, but I thank you for calling me back and I’ll be getting back to you soon. Okay, you too, thanks.”

I swallowed the vomit I wanted to expel and all but ran back down the hall. By the time he came out I had his breakfast on the table and I didn’t care if he liked his eggs scrambled or not. I told him I wasn’t feeling hungry and I was going to shower. Once inside my own room I was finally able to cry. I sat against the door and bawled my eyes out, telling myself how stupid I’d been. Aiden had no feelings for me at all. I was a “baby-maker” to him and that was all, easily traded out if I wasn’t getting the job done to his specifications. I had to get up in a hurry and run to the bathroom, finally expelling the vomit. I felt so stupid and worse than that, physically ill. I sat on the bathroom floor for a long time. I’m not sure how long it was, but I jumped when I heard a knock on the door. 

“Yes!” I said, trying to keep the tremor out of my voice.

“Holly, I’m going to the office for a bit. I’ll be home for dinner.”

“Fine,” I said, formulating my own plan for the day in my head. As soon as he was gone, I showered and dressed. Then I packed a little overnight bag and called a cab. Then I called the Best Western near the café and made myself a reservation for the night. I wasn’t sure what I was going to do from there, but I did know that today and tonight, I couldn’t be in the penthouse…I couldn’t look at Aiden.


~

Chapter Thirteen

~



It might make me somewhat of a masochist, but I was glad that I’d overheard that conversation. It made me aware of who I was really dealing with and what this whole arrangement really meant to him. He’d sounded so businesslike, so professional, talking to another woman about her fertility. He was thinking about cancelling my “contract” without even discussing it with me first. I had to stop on my way to the hotel and buy a bottle of tums. My stomach was still churning over it all. 

Before I left the apartment I’d cleaned up the breakfast dishes and sat down to compose a note for my “boss.” I wasn’t sure at first what to say, but I decided to just let the words in my heart pour out through my pen:


Aiden: I wanted to let you know that I won’t be home for dinner tonight. I regret to tell you that I overheard your conversation this morning about replacing me. I know to you this is all about business. I have something you need, a womb. Apparently, that womb is not performing up to par. I’m taking too long to conceive and you’re having to endure my miserable company in the process. 

I’m so silly. I somehow convinced myself that you had come to enjoy my company and that perhaps you might come to regret me walking away in the end as much as I have. I’m thinking that perhaps I should do it now instead. You obviously have another fish on your hook and you don’t absolutely need me for anything at this point. I’m going to take a night off and do some thinking. I’ll be back tomorrow to let you know what I decide. Maybe you could fill me in on your plans for letting me go then?


I spent the rest of the day arguing with myself about whether or not I should go back and what I should do. I needed to take my mind off of all of this at least for a second. It was Sunday, family day at the facility where my mother was. She couldn’t have visitors for one more month, but she did get phone time. I called and told the receptionist who I was and who I’d like to talk to. There is a list for each patient of those who are allowed to call or visit. I was the only one on hers. 

“Hi Mom! How are you doing?” I tried to sound upbeat…it was hard.

“Hi baby girl. Your mama is doing okay. I got almost two months under my belt. I’ve gained a few pounds, my hair stopped falling out and my skin looks awesome.”

“That’s great, Mom. I’m so glad to hear that you’re acclimatizing there. How is the staff? Are they nice?”

“Yes they’re really nice and Holly, I’m glad you made me do this.”

I laughed, “Mother, you did this; I didn’t make you do anything. All of this hard work is on you.”

“I would have never done it if not for your urging. Most adult kids would have taken off by now and let me sort it all out, or drink myself to death, whichever came first.”

“I love you, Mom. I’m not ready to lose you.” 

“I love you too, Holly. Thank you again for sticking by me.” I was getting teary eyed again.

“Okay, enough mushy gushy stuff. Tell me about the facility. What is your day like?”

“They keep us really busy. Holly, I can’t even imagine what you had to pay for this place. You must be working double time. I’m so sorry…”

“Mom, happy stuff, remember?”

“Okay,” she said with a chuckle. “Well, we’re on a pretty tight schedule Monday through Friday. On Monday I have my one on one therapy. My therapist is so nice, and she’s been in recovery for ten years herself. She really knows what she’s talking about. Then I have a few groups and on Tuesday and Thursdays I do yoga and Friday, acupuncture. I get a massage on the weekends and they let us go on outings to the beach. I can’t believe you’re paying for all of this…”

“Oh Mother, hush. I want to pay for it. It seems like a great place. I’m so glad that they’re helping you out.”

“They are, honey. I’ll probably always crave it but they’re teaching me how to push those cravings aside and move forward.”

“That’s great, Mom.” 

“How’s your work coming along?” she asked me. I didn’t tell her about Aiden, or about not working at the café any longer. I would get around to it. I rubbed my hand across my still flat belly and thought the time will come when I won’t be able to hide it any longer. For now, I didn’t want to worry her. 

“It’s going fine, Mom. You know same old…”

We talked for a while longer and after a while, I felt myself feeling better, calmer somehow. My mother hadn’t had that effect on me since I was a kid so it was definitely a good thing. That night when I lay down to go to sleep I had decided to go talk to Aiden the next day before my doctor’s appointment. Maybe he had an explanation…

***

I got up early the next day and the first thing I did was check my phone. I was really surprised that Aiden hadn’t called. Was I just fooling myself again? Did he really care that little that the fact I’d left didn’t faze him at all? 

I took a cab to the penthouse and was greeted warmly by the doorman as usual. When I got upstairs, I could tell that something was wrong as soon as I walked in. For one thing, all of the curtains were drawn. It was the middle of the day but it was as dark as night inside the apartment. I switched on a light and was greeted by the grumpy and annoyed voice of my “employer.” 

“Shut it off!” 

“Aiden? Are you okay?” 

“I said, turn it off!” I did as he asked, or demanded I suppose. 

“Why are you sitting here in the dark?”

“Why are you back?” he said, his words slurred. He sounded drunk.

“I was hoping that we could talk,” I said. I moved closer as my eyes adjusted to the dim light. When I got close enough I could see that he was still in the same clothes he’d left the house in yesterday morning. His collar was open and his tie was askew. His hair was disheveled which it rarely ever was and he had a ten o’clock shadow on his face and an almost empty bottle of bourbon sitting next to a glass on the table next to him. “You’re drunk,” I said. It just came out because I was so surprised.

“I’m an adult, I can get drunk if I damn well please.”

I sat down next to him. “Aiden, this isn’t like you. What’s wrong?”

“How do you know if it’s like me or not? Maybe this is what I do. You don’t know me Holly; you only think that you do.”

“Okay,” I said, still trying to stay calm and avoid a drunken confrontation. “I should have said that I’ve never seen you like this. Did something happen?”

“Maybe it’s not about what happened, but what didn’t happen. We’re two months into our “contract” and nothing is happening. I’ve had my fertility checked, Holly. My swimmers are fine. Maybe I should have had yours checked too. That was a failure on my part.” He sat forward and with a shaky hand he poured what was left in the bourbon bottle into his glass. Picking it up and sloshing some of it over the sides on the way, he brought it to his mouth and drank until it was empty.

“So you’re ready to give up?” I asked him. “You’re ready to call it quits because I’m not pregnant fast enough for you?”

“I was ready to explore a back-up plan. You’re the one who walked out. You did what all women do, you left.” He could barely hold his eyelids open and I wondered how long he’d been sitting there like that. I felt angry at him and sorry for him at the same time. I decided we weren’t getting anywhere this way however. I wasn’t going to win an argument with a drunk. I started to stand up when I felt his hand on my wrist.

“Leaving again?” he said, angrily.

“Let go of me, Aiden. I’m trying to forgive your behavior because you’re roaring drunk, but you don’t want to take this any further.”

“Why, Holly? What are you going to do? Walk out? Haven’t you already done that?”

“I just needed some time alone, to think, Aiden. I came back to talk, but I can’t talk to you like this. Let go of me.”

He did and I stood up. I looked at him and hardly recognized the man that I saw. I felt another surge of pain in my chest for him, but at the same time I was disgusted. It was a familiar feeling, the same one I got when I looked at my own, drunken mother. I could tell that he was hurting, but I needed him to talk to me before I could help.

“Aiden, do you want to tell me what’s wrong? I understand you’re upset with me, but surely that’s not all there is to this?”

He had his head down on his chest and I couldn’t see his face. His breathing seemed heavier and I wondered if he’d fallen asleep. “Aiden?” I said, again.

He didn’t answer and then suddenly I heard a big snort. He had passed out. I stood watching him sleep for a few minutes knowing that I couldn’t leave my baby with this man. He was so cold sometimes that he was practically sterile and now I find out how he deals with his problems -just like my mother. 

I packed the things that were mine, the ones that I’d brought with me or bought with my own money since I’d been here. I didn’t want anything he’d paid for like the pretty dresses or shoes he’d bought for me to wear out. Once my bag was packed I sat down and wrote him another note:


Aiden,

As you’ve probably already figured out, this is not going to work. I struggled with putting aside my personal feelings and everything I’d always believed about being a parent. I think I did a pretty good job, and in spite of any emotions left inside of me, I was still willing to uphold the contract. Yet all along, you had some kind of silent timeline that you hadn’t let me in on. When I heard you interviewing a new surrogate on the phone, it made me physically ill. I needed to think, I needed some time and space alone to figure all of this out. I thought I had, and then I get here to find you drunk and obnoxious, unwilling to talk to me about what is bothering you. I don’t want to bring a child into the world that will have a father who looks at the world as one giant business deal. A child who is either an inconvenience or a tax write off for a father who handles his troubles by looking at them through the bottom of an empty bottle. I wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors Aiden, and thank you for everything you’ve given me thus far.

Holly.	


I looked at him one more time before I left. I needed to hold that sight of him drunk and disheveled in the forefront of my mind to know that I was doing the right thing for me, and the baby. Why did the right thing always have to hurt so much? 

~

Chapter Fourteen

~



I went back to the hotel I’d stayed at before that first night. I wasn’t sure what I would do, or where I would go, but I knew when I’d heard Aiden on the phone talking to that other woman and telling her what a failure I had been, that I couldn’t be there with him any longer. Some might say it was partially my own fault for not telling him right away that I was pregnant. That may be true, but the coldness he had shown, over and over was a fact. My own heart was at stake as well as the welfare of an innocent child. I had to be strong and do what I needed to do to protect us both. I wasn’t going to hand my child over to someone who drank away their problems. I’d lived with that for far too long and it would be horrible of me to knowingly subject my child to the same kind of life. I didn’t think that Aiden was an alcoholic, but if he continued to turn to alcohol to solve his problems then it was a strong possibility for the future. 

Aiden hadn’t called me the first time I left, but he did call this time, after he sobered up and realized that I was gone. He called and text over and over again. I was afraid at first that the doctor had told him about the pregnancy, but as I listened to the messages, it was apparent that he didn’t know. 


First Voicemail: Holly! This is ridiculous. I had a few drinks and it’s not like we’re married and you even have a right to be upset. Call me back.

Second Voicemail: Holly, you’re right. I should have just talked to you. I shouldn’t have gotten drunk. I was upset and I started drinking and it got out of hand. I’m sorry. Come home, or at least call me.

Third voicemail: Damn it, Holly! This is absurd. If you’re this immature than maybe I don’t want to do business with you after all. Call me back!


They were all pretty much variations of the same view, like he was cycling from angry to remorseful and back again. It was another thing that reminded me of my mother. It was what she did after going on a bender and making a fool out of herself. She would throw blame at me and then she would apologize and when it was all over, my head would be so messed up that I wouldn’t know for sure who really had been at fault. 

The messages went on for days and they got more desperate and angrier with each day that passed. It was beginning to look like I’d have to change my number to get him to leave me alone. I couldn’t make myself pick up the phone and talk to him, and it got even worse or at least more embarrassing when I got a call from first Rose and then Myra. He was calling the café, telling them that he knew I would have told them where I was going, and begging them to tell him, or at least to tell me to call him. Rose said that he would start out as sweet, sad and charming and by the end of the conversation, he would become angry and somewhat rude. I apologized profusely which of course they both told me was unnecessary. I wanted to tell him to stop calling them, but I was still afraid to call him back. I knew that I didn’t have the strength. He would be remorseful and charming and before I knew it I would be right back in the same situation. I had to make a clean break. Myra told me that he’d actually come in one day and got a little confrontational. But like Rose, she told me they were “handling it” and for me not to apologize or worry. They were really good friends. 

The day after I’d talked to Myra, I got a call from a nurse at my mother’s facility. 

“Miss Valentine, this is Nurse Jacobs. I’m sorry to bother you…”

“It’s fine, Is my mother okay?” I asked. I was worried that she’d gotten sick, but more worried that she had managed to get drunk.

“No, she’s fine. I didn’t mean to worry you. It’s just that a gentleman showed up this afternoon.” My mind went straight to Aiden. Dear God, how did he find out about Mom and how did he know where she was? I realized then that the nurse was still talking. She said, “He was very polite, but he was asking for confidential information. He wanted your contact number and/or your address. When I told him he couldn’t have that, he wanted to talk to your mother. I explained to him that she couldn’t have visitors yet, so he left, but I thought I should let you know.”

“I appreciate that, thank you for keeping our confidentiality. Did he get confrontational with you at all?”

“Oh no, like I said, he was polite and respectful, just disappointed that I wouldn’t tell him anything.”

“I’m really sorry,” I said. I could feel my face flush red. I hoped they wouldn’t hold my “relationship” issues against my mother. 

“It’s no problem, Miss Valentine, it happens more often than you think.” I was at least glad to hear that. I thanked her again and hung up. That was when I knew I had to go talk to Aiden. He had to leave the people I cared about alone. I gathered every ounce of courage within me and I took a cab to the penthouse. When I got there, his doorman acted shocked to see me. Aiden must have said something to him about what to do if I showed up. He told me that Mr. Scott was at the office but I could wait in the lobby and he would call him. I politely declined, knowing full well that he called him as soon as I left. I took another cab downtown to Scotto Enterprises. I’d never been there before and the building itself was slightly overwhelming. It had to be over thirty stories high and it was all one company. I couldn’t wrap my head around running a business of this size. I definitely got a renewed respect for what he did every day. I got there and pulled the heavy glass door to the lobby open just in time to nearly run head on into Aiden rushing out.

“Holly, I just got a call that you were at the penthouse.”

“I was, now I’m here. We need to talk.”

“Yes, we do,” he said, getting over his surprise to see me. “Let’s go up to my office.”

We got on the elevator and I could tell by the way he was looking at me that he had a lot to say. I wasn’t at all sure I wanted to hear any of it. I wasn’t surprised to find out that his office was on the top floor as well. We got off the elevator and I realized that it wasn’t only on the top floor; it was the entire top floor. He had a receptionist, or secretary who sat behind a short partition a few steps beyond the elevator. I could see her eyeing me curiously, but only when Aiden wasn’t looking. He opened the door to his office. It was the largest office that I’d ever seen. It had a full bar, literally like the bar you would see in a restaurant, a pool table, a sink area with all the kitchen amenities you could think of, a large oak table with six chairs around it and a huge desk that sat right up against the glass wall that looked out over the Manhattan skyline. 

“Have a seat,” he said, indicating to the full couch also in the room. I sat, nervously. My resolve to stand up to him and/or tell him I was pregnant was fading. “So, have you come to ask me to let you return to the penthouse?”

I had to force the words to come out, “No, Aiden. I’m not coming back.” His face registered first shock and then anger.

“I’ve invested quite a bit of time and money in you Holly.”

That was exactly what I thought he might say and it gave me back my determination. 

“I apologize for your time,” I told him but without much conviction. I can’t give that back. I can give the money back though. Give me an accounting of what I owe you in dollars and cents and I will begin making payments to you right away until it’s all paid back.”

He snorted and said, “I don’t want your money, Holly. It’s not about the money.”

“You just said that it was,” I realized that we were only sniping at each other. “This isn’t why I came here.”

“Why did you come here?” he asked. I had it on the tip of my tongue, I swear. I was going to tell him that I was carrying his baby but just as I was about to spit it out he said, “Are you holding out for more money? Is that your angle here?”

I was appalled, but I laughed. It was absurd that he’d known me for the past two months, lived with me, talked to me, seen me with my friends and through all of that he had not discovered that wasn’t at all what I was about. I suppose that meant he was paying very little attention. 

“I am so insulted I don’t even know how to respond to that.”

“Maybe try a little truth,” he said, like maybe I’d been lying to him about things all along. Granted, I did lie about the pregnancy, but so far he didn’t know about that one. 

Angry, I responded, “No, Aiden. I do not want more money. I came here to ask you to please leave my friends and family alone. Some of them genuinely don’t know where I am staying and the ones who do are very loyal and would never tell you, no matter what you offer them. So please, just leave them alone. You and I and this deal are over. Like I said, get me an accounting of what I owe you and I’ll send you weekly payments. It may take me a while because I won’t be able to afford large amounts.”

He raised only one eyebrow and said, “I really don’t want your money but if it will make you feel better about yourself, okay. Where should I send this accounting?”

I handed him a piece of paper. I was prepared for him asking that. It had a P.O. Box number on it. He laughed and said, “Are you treating me like a stalker now?”

“You showing up at a facility my mother is receiving treatment at when you shouldn’t even have a clue that she’s there makes you look like one, among other things.”

“I’m sorry about that, truly. I realized that was a mistake as soon as I did it. I’m glad they didn’t let me talk to her. I wouldn’t have wanted to frighten her. I’m not a monster, really. I just wanted so badly to talk to you Holly.” I stood up. 

“It’s funny, but now that I came here and you finally have the chance to talk to me, you have nothing new to say.”

He glared at me and said, “I’ll have my assistant send you a bill.” I could feel the heat of his stare on my back all the way out of the office and into the elevator. 

***

I allowed myself the rest of that day to wallow in my self-pity and then I spent the next week searching online for a job. I changed my number before I started filling out applications and Rose, Myra, Joe and my mother’s facility were the only people I gave it to other than potential employers. I trusted them all not to give it out. I doubted Aiden would bug them again anyways. I do think he got the message when I went to see him. I was actually relieved now that I hadn’t let myself blurt out anything about being pregnant. His attitude was as bad as ever, if not worse. I was more convinced now than ever that I was doing the right thing. 

I called and talked to my mother again and she said she was doing so well that they were going to start letting her have visitors and then day passes not long after that. I started thinking that it might be nice to be closer to where she was. Maybe she and I could work on getting our relationship back, and I could get a fresh start at the same time. I found a restaurant in Scarsdale that was hiring and filled out an online application. I was surprised and happy when the next day I got a phone call from the manager of the restaurant.

“Hello is this Holly Valentine?”

“Yes it is,” I said. For a second I got a little worried. I was afraid it was a trick and Aiden was going to get on the phone. I was getting paranoid. I had already changed my number. The man on the other end continued.

“This is Frank Grant. I’m the manager of Tagus Ranch Restaurant. I was looking over your application and it looks great. You seem to be just what we’re looking for here. I was wondering if you might be available to come in for an interview on Friday?”

“Yes,” I told him, ecstatic. “Thank you. Friday would be perfect.”

“Good, let’s say, two o’clock. Does that work for you as well?” 

“Two o’clock is good too. I will be there, thank you again so much.” I hung up, ready to dance on the rooftops. That only lasted a few minutes before I began to wonder what I should do about my pregnancy. I was only two and a half months along so it wasn’t apparent yet, but it would be soon and I hated to start off a new job with a lie. Would he be willing to hire me if he knew that I was expecting? It would be a headache to him when it was time for me to go on leave, I’m sure. But I couldn’t wait until the baby was born to get a job. I had some savings but not enough to last for six months and get ready for a baby in the process. I decided to go see Joe. He would know what my chances were of getting a job while I was carrying a child. He would also know how bad it might be if I lied about it. After I already had the job, he couldn’t very well fire me for being pregnant. I hated lying though. 

I got up early the next day and took a cab down to the café so that I could catch Joe before the rush. I found him peeling potatoes in the kitchen.

“Hi Joe.” 

“Holly girl! Look at you! Come here and give me a hug.” I melded into his meaty hug. When he let me go he looked at my face and said, “Are you okay? You look peaked.” I almost laughed. I had never heard anyone actually use that word. 

“I’m fine, just a little tired,” I told him. He went over to the side of the dishwasher and got a chair that was sitting there. 

“Here, sit,” he said.

I sat and I smiled at him. He had a worried, mother-hen kind of look on his face and I knew that he knew…

“Myra told you that I’m pregnant?” I said. 

He sputtered for a minute, trying to think of a way to deny it, but then he finally gave up. 

“She didn’t really come out and tell me. I heard her and Rose talking about it, and I actually almost had to throw that Scott boy outta here one day.”

“Oh Joe, I’m sorry. No one mentioned to Aiden that I’m pregnant, did they?”

“No, we didn’t say anything to him. That’s your business. And don’t apologize; it’s not your fault. He was trying to get Rose to tell him where you’re staying. She wouldn’t and he wouldn’t let it go. At first he was polite, but then he started to get a little agitated and rude. I had to step in, but there was no scuffle. He left of his own accord.”

“Well, I am sorry for being the source of the trouble,” I told him with true regret. “I just really don’t want to see him right now. Rose and Myra are awesome for putting up with that. I’m sorry again. Today, I came to ask your advice.”

Joe pulled his own chair over next to mine and sat down, “Sure honey, what’s up?”

“I have a job interview on Friday and I’m not sure what to say about the pregnancy. Would you hire me if you knew I was pregnant?”

“Yep, you’re hired. You can start tomorrow.”

I laughed, “Thanks Joe. I’d love to come back. But, I need to get out of the city. My mom’s in a place out in Scarsdale so I thought maybe I’d look out there for a job and a place…I’m looking for a fresh start, you know?”

Joe was nodding, “It’s a tough one hon. A lot of employers don’t want to hire pregnant women because they know in a matter of months she’ll be taking time off and they’ll have to replace her for that and then let her have her job back afterwards. And then of course having a newborn doesn’t usually make for the most stable employee…”

I knew all of that, but I guess I just needed to hear someone say it out loud.

 “So you think he won’t hire me if I tell him the truth? You know me, Joe. I’m a terrible liar, mostly because I hate it so much.” 

“It’s hard to say, hon. I wish I had a better answer, but it’s going to depend on who’s doing the hiring and what they’re looking for. A woman is more apt to hire you because she’s probably been there herself and she understands. What kind of a place is it?”

“It’s a family place, but a nicer one. Kind of like a higher end Denny’s.”

“What’s it called?”

“Tagus Ranch Restaurant.”

Joe smiled, “I’ll be damned. Is Frank still the manager?”

“Yeah, that’s who I have the interview with,” I told him.

Joe laughed, “Then you’re in luck little lady. Frank’s my buddy from way back. We used to work a taco stand together over on a 131st street back in the day.”

I smiled, I could see Joe’s wheels turning. This wasn’t what I came for, but I wasn’t going to turn the help down if he offered it, and fortunately he did.

“You got his number on you?” I took out my cell phone and rattled off the number to Joe who put it in his. He hit send and a few seconds later I heard him say, “Hey! Is this Frank Sinatra?” Then he busted up laughing in his raspy voice. After the catching up was out of the way he said, “I got this little girl who worked for me for a few years. She was the best waitress that I ever had. She had to leave for some family issues and now that she has all of that under control she’s looking for work. I asked her to come back here, but she’s looking to relocate to Scarsdale.” Joe listened for a few and then he said, “Yeah, I knew you were looking because she actually has an interview with you on Friday. Listen Frank, her only concern is that she’s a couple months pregnant. You can’t tell by looking at her, but she didn’t want to start off a new job with a lie. She’s a good kid.”

He was silent again for a minute or two and then he said, “I sure do appreciate it, Frank. You know I wouldn’t steer you wrong. You’re gonna be thanking me. Hey, we need to get a beer and catch up. Yeah, I got your number now, I’ll call you.” He hung up and turned to me and said, “He’ll have your hiring paperwork ready when you get there on Friday.”

I jumped up and threw my arms around his neck, “Oh thank you, Joe! You’re awesome, I love you! Thank you!”

He laughed again. I loved the sound of it. Then he said, “I didn’t tell him nothing that wasn’t true. You got the job on your own merits, but I wish you’d been around for my last three marriages, you could a told ‘em how awesome I am.” 

“Well you call me before the next one. I’ll make sure she knows,” I said with a grin. Joe’s multiple marriages were a source of amusement for us around the café. He said he would, “Keep going through ‘em until he found Mrs. Right.”

I left there feeling blessed to have such great friends, and for the first time in a while, looking forward to a new beginning. I’d saved enough money from my weekly pay that I should be able to get a place and pay for the first two months. I’d like to find a two bedroom and when Mom finishes her program maybe she’d like to stay with me and the baby for a while before going back to her own house. Me and the baby, it sounded strange, but amazing at the same time. I suddenly processed it…I’m going to be a mother.

***

I took the train out to Scarsdale on Thursday morning. My mother was finally able to have visitors and I found myself anxious to see her. I waited nervously in the visiting room for her to come out. It was like a big, pretty greenhouse, full of plants and flowers and pretty vases. There were couches and chairs for visiting and a big pot of coffee and carafe of tea. This place was really nice.

There were several other visitors there and I watched as the residents came in one at a time, looking for my mom. The first lady who came in was about Mom’s age and an older, tired looking man was waiting for her. They didn’t seem happy to see each other; they just looked like they were going through the motions. They had both likely been here before. Alcoholism was a sad disease and it destroyed many a family. 

Another resident came in, this one a girl that couldn’t have been much over eighteen. The visitors looked to be her parents and maybe a younger sister. They looked ecstatic to see her but the only thing I heard her say to them was, “Did you bring my phone?” Her sister handed her a mobile that they weren’t allowed to keep here. She took it and started scrolling through it. Then, she looked happy. I felt bad for her parents. I would imagine that being in their shoes with a child with an addiction would be even worse than having a parent with one.

The lady who came in next was dressed in a pink jogging suit and her long brown hair hung down to her shoulders in shiny ringlets. Her brown eyes shone and her smile was bright. She was thin, but she looked healthy. She was my mother and I barely recognized her.

“Mom, oh my goodness, you look amazing!” She smiled and blushed a little. 

“Thanks, my roommate let me use her curlers last night.”

“Well, your hair looks fabulous, but it’s not just that. It’s you, all of you. You look so healthy. Your skin and your hair, you’ve put on weight. You look like your old self, only prettier.”

“Thanks, it’s amazing what a little nutrition can do for you. You look pretty amazing yourself, but then again, you always do. You take after your daddy.”

“Oh hush, I look just like you and you know it,” I told her. It was true. My dad had been a good-looking guy, but he’d had red-hair and blue eyes. I got the dark hair and eyes from my mom.

“I know,” she said with a sly grin. “I was just fishing for a compliment.” We both laughed. Finding a cozy little couch in the back, we sat down. 

“So, all is still well here? You like it, they’re good to you?”

“They are such nice people, and yes, they’re very good to me. All of the counselors are recovering alcoholics or addicts, so they really understand where we’re coming from. It’s sad, but it’s easier for me to hear that I’m an alcoholic from someone who has been there themselves.”

“It’s not sad, Mom. We all need to hear things from people with experience. Otherwise it’s just an opinion, or an educated guess.” She smiled at me, and then nearly knocked my socks off by reaching over and putting her hand on my belly. 

“Speaking of things I’m experienced in, is there something you want to tell me?”

“My belly is literally a pooch. How did you know I didn’t just gain a little weight?”

“I can see it on you. Your body looks suddenly more like a woman and less like a young adult.”

I wasn’t sure if that was a good thing or not but I said, “You’re right. Are you ready to be a grandmother?”

Her smile couldn’t have been broader, “I am so ready,” she said. “Are you ready to be a mother?”

I smiled nervously and said, “I guess I have to be, don’t I?”

“I’m guessing you were aware of your other options. Selfishly, I’m glad you chose this one. Is the daddy going to be involved?”

I sighed; I suppose it was time I told her what was going on. She seemed strong enough to handle it at this point. I had kept it from her before because I didn’t want her mind muddled up with my problems when she had huge ones she was trying to deal with of her own. I began with Aiden coming into the café. I told her how he would just make casual conversation with me at first and then one day, he started asking more personal questions. That led up to the proposition and my acceptance and ended with him being drunk and me packing and leaving while he was passed out. She listened quietly before speaking. 

“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry I wasn’t around to help you through all of that. I know that I’m probably the last person you’re hoping for advice from but if you’ll indulge me, I do think I have one or two wise words left in me.”

I put my arm around her. It was so nice to feel meat there. “I’d love to hear your advice,” I told her, honestly. It had been a long time since she had even wanted to offer it. That told me a lot about her state of mind right there. 

She took my hand and said, “First of all, I think you are going to be a wonderful mother. I can see a flicker of a doubt in your eyes when you talk about it. I’m not just saying that because you’re my daughter. You’ve stuck by me for ten years, Holly. Ten long, miserable years, and you’ve taken care of me in every situation. When you have a baby, it will be joyous and fun and awful and tiring, but you’ve already proven over and again that you have the stick-to-itness that it takes. You’re a much better woman than me, Holly Valentine.”

“Thanks Mom, but please don’t put yourself down like that either. Look at you. I know you didn’t get back to yourself without working your ass off for it. Besides, I only did what family does for one another. You don’t walk away from your family.”

“No, most people would have given up long ago, family or not. But, you never did and for that baby girl I am going to be eternally grateful. Without you I’d probably be one of those homeless women you see panhandling on the streets. I’m sure there are lots of reasons you’re going to Heaven, but I’m sure all of this would have earned you a place there on its own.

Now, about this Aiden. I don’t know him, so I can’t speak to how he feels. But, I do know you and I can tell when you talk about him how you feel. You didn’t come right out and say the “L” word, but I can see it in your eyes, baby, and on your face. I also see pain and confusion. You’re telling me that he won’t open up to you. That he’s afraid and he’s built up walls. Don’t get mad at me for saying this, honey, but you’ve got a few of those walls up yourself. I know a lot of that is my fault and I’m so sorry. I know that you probably took one look at him passed out drunk and had a flashback of all the times you’ve had to deal with me in that condition…” (The scary part of that was that was exactly what happened). I didn’t say that though. The last thing I wanted to do right now was hurt her. She went on to say, “But, you need to realize that if you want him to be open with you then you have to be open with him as well.”

My mother could have been speaking in Chinese and it would have been just as fascinating to me. It had been so many years since I truly had a mother to offer me her advice and support, and here she was offering it and soundly. It was the best thing that could have happened, and at a time when I needed it the most. I hugged her tight.

“For now, Mom, I’m resigned to doing this on my own. I know that I can. Aiden is a man with a lot of resources, and if he wants to find me, he can. If it’s meant to be, he will. If not I will always have a part of him.” 

“I believe you can do this too. And, I hope that I can be of some help to you while you’re doing it. It’s about time I started acting like the mom instead of the child.” She took both of my hands in hers and looked me in the face and said, “Holly, thank you for being there for me these past ten years. I’m so sorry for all I put you through. I’m going to do anything from now on forward to make it up to you.”

“Thank you, Mom. I love you, and I always knew that you were worth standing by. I will never leave you, no matter what.”

“I love you too, Holly. So very much.” She cupped my chin in her hand and looked directly at me as she said it. 



~

Chapter Fifteen

~





AIDEN


I hung up the phone after talking to Marley. She was the woman who would be carrying my child as long as she passed the medical assessment. Marley is married to one of my employees and I knew that she had been a surrogate three other times. She and my employee Jeff have two healthy, very beautiful children of their own. Jeff’s a highly paid executive so the money is not a big draw for her or them as a family. She does it because she says everyone has a right to have a child and it’s her way of “giving back.” I would still pay her handsomely and take care of all the expenses, but I decided this way would be a lot less stressful than the old fashioned approach that I’d tried to take with Holly. Women have a hard time with detaching the emotion from sex. I had been a bachelor long enough that I should have considered that before taking Holly into my house and going to her bed every night. 

Marley always did it the insemination route. She was twenty-nine and from what she told me, she was in excellent health. She would be going in for insemination weekly until she conceived. All of her others had been conceived quickly and I was really tired of waiting for this to happen. I am a patient man, but the debacle with Holly had taken a lot of my patience away. Marley did mention the possibility of multiple births doing it the insemination route, but I didn’t even care about that, as long as I got my heir.

I had waited two months with Holly before she left, patiently, I thought. I could very well have taken advantage of her and had sex a lot more often than late at night. But I was a gentleman whether she believed it or not, and as mind-blowing as the sex was, I just didn’t think that would be right. 

She had been gone a little over a month now, and I had waited all of that time thinking she was going to come back. I should have moved forward with Marley weeks ago, but for some reason I couldn’t make myself believe that Holly was gone for good. I called her every day and left messages. She never called back. I talked to her friends and although I was sure they had to know where to find her, no one would tell me where she was staying. If this damned city wasn’t so big I would have gone hotel to hotel looking for her. One thing that made Holly hard to track was that she didn’t use credit at all. She paid for everything with cash. 

She never came back, nor did she even call me but for some crazy reason even as I hung up the phone with Marley, I was still holding out hope that she’d walk back in the door. My head seemed to hurt all the time lately and my heart felt like it was racing and I was also having a terrible time sleeping at night too. It was all out of character for me and it actually pissed me off to feel this way. 

One night when I couldn’t sleep I went into her room. I lay down on the bed and closed my eyes. It still smelled like her perfume and the fragrance filled my senses and lulled me to sleep. When I woke up later in the dark, I was disoriented at first and I thought she was there with me. The disappointment was bitter when I woke up enough to realize that she wasn’t. I thought about her all the time and it was driving me crazy. I realized that I’ve never felt this strongly about anyone, not even my ex-wife. When my she left me, I was angry with her and it hurt to find out that she hadn’t really loved me in a long time before it was over. Mostly though I was devastated by the loss of the boy that I thought was my son. But I still didn’t miss her like this. It felt like when Holly left she took a part right out of me with her and now I had this gaping hole in the center of my chest that ached continuously. I think I was falling in love with her, but that wasn’t supposed to happen. She was supposed to be just any other employee. I suppose the having sex with her part blew that, but it still wasn’t supposed to involve love. Before she left, I had begun to think she had those feelings for me as well. But you don’t just walk out of someone’s life if you love them. You stay and fight if you have to, but you don’t walk away. 

I grabbed my aching head and sat down on the sofa. I knew that I was contradicting myself. Her walking away had actually been in our contract. I’d expected it to happen a lot later than it did, after she’d had my child, but I was the one who had planned for her to walk away in the first place. Now I was the one whining because she did. 

I had to find a way to put Holly in the past where she belonged, and I thought the best way to do that would be to move forward with my life and my plans for an heir. I just needed something else to concentrate my energies on besides work. I had talked to Jeff about it and he was happy to talk to his wife. She was the one I’d been talking to the day Holly had overheard me. At that time, I’d just been thinking of her as a back-up plan and now, I’m glad I did. Like all of the other women in my life, Holly had left me. Like all of the other times, I knew that I would get over it and move forward, stronger than ever. Marley had just told me she met with the lawyer and signed the contracts today and I was ready to call the doctor to get things moving on the medical end. 

I dialed up Dr. Lewis. He came on the line sounding very jovial.

“Well, Aiden! It’s been a long time. I was actually just thinking of calling you today.” 

“Really?” I asked, thinking it was curious that he was going to call me. “I guess great minds do think alike. Hey Doc, I need to arrange an assessment for a young lady named Marley. She’s agreed to be my surrogate and she is willing to do it by insemination. I believe that she is pretty healthy, and she’s done this before, so she understands it all very well. I want her assessed medically just to be sure though when you have the time please.”

“You want a new woman assessed?” Dr. Lewis sounded surprised, or concerned.

“Yes, is that a problem?” I asked him, confused myself now. 

“I’m sorry, I’m just a bit confused I suppose. I was planning to call you today to ask if things were okay with Holly. She was pretty excited about all of this the last time she was here; I’m surprised that I haven’t at least heard from her. She’s long overdue for her next appointment…”

“Holly’s gone, doctor.”

“Gone? Oh my, you mean she…?”

He thought I was telling him that she died. I had an actual sick feeling in my stomach just at the thought. 

“No, no she’s not dead. She’s gone…she moved out, I have no idea how to contact her, and she’s changed her phone number…”

“Oh, I see,” he said. I could tell there was more to it. He was acting very strangely. I had to wonder what he wasn’t telling me.

“Doctor, when was the last time you saw Holly?” I was pretty sure I knew the answer because now that I really thought about it, that was when she started acting strangely as well.

“About six weeks ago,” he said. That was the last appointment. The one when she told me that she still wasn’t pregnant…

“And how was she? Was everything normal?” I was starting to feel sick again. I didn’t want to believe that she’d lied to me. 

“She was…well, everything was…well,” he said. He was confirming my suspicions with his hesitancy.

“Doctor, if you look in that chart I know you’re holding right now, you will see that she signed consents for me to obtain medical information about her. It’s part of the contract that she signed, and I was with her when she signed those as well.” He was silent and I heard paper shuffling.

“Yes, Aiden, they’re here.”

“Good, now, would you like to tell me what’s going on?”

“Holly’s pregnant, Aiden. We’re you not aware of that?”

“No, unfortunately she chose not to share that fact with me. I guess we’ll put a hold on the other assessment for now until I find out what’s going on. Doctor, how far along is she?”

“About six weeks at that check-up so that would put her at about eleven weeks now.”

I dropped the phone. My head was suddenly pounding. I was immediately thrust back to the day when Cecile, my ex-wife walked out with my son in her arms. He was reaching for me and crying. My heart felt like it was going to explode, my chest hurt so badly. It hurt all over again now. Holly lied to me, just like Cecile had and then she stole my baby and I just let her walk away. 

I suddenly had to run to the bathroom and vomit. I didn’t think I was going to stop. When my stomach was finally completely empty of both food and stomach acid I pulled myself up to the counter and looked at my face in the mirror. I wondered what it was about me that made women lie to me and made them think I would be such a terrible father. One was bad luck; two meant that I was doing something wrong by choosing the women I chose. 

I stood there, holding onto the counter until my breathing was back under control. Then I splashed cold water on my face and brushed my teeth. I was beginning to not even recognize myself. I had dark circles underneath my eyes and I wasn’t taking care of myself the way I usually did. I finally tore myself away from my sallow appearance and stopped wallowing in self-pity. Action was what I needed now. Taking my cell phone into my den I pulled up the name and number of a private investigator I’d used once before and called him. I wished I’d thought to do it sooner.

“Hey Zack, it’s Aiden Scott.”

“Aiden, hello. How are you?”

“I’m not great, Zack. I need your help if you’re available?”

“I’m sure I have the time to help you out. What do you need?”

I didn’t tell him the whole sordid story, but I did tell him that Holly was pregnant with my child and made sure he was aware that we’d had a contract so he didn’t just think of me as a creepy stalker. He took as much information as I had on her and told me he’d be back to me as soon as he could. 



HOLLY


I started working at the restaurant not long after my meeting with Frank that day. I’d been there about a month and a half now and I really liked it. The people I worked with were becoming my friends and my bosses were great. I’d found a cute little two-bedroom apartment not far from where I worked. Most days if the weather was good, I would walk to work. 

Mom was staying with me now. She’d gotten discharged from her facility with a gold star. A week or so before she discharged I was allowed to take her out on a day pass. I took her to the Jersey shore. It made me a little sad, remembering the day I’d spent there with Aiden. That was the first day he had opened up to me about anything and I will always cherish those memories no matter what happened. It would be one of the stories I told his son or daughter about him when they got older. 

Mother hadn’t been there in decades she said, and it was a beautiful day to just lie on the beach or search for shells along the shore. We talked and bonded and I didn’t feel like I had my mother back, I felt like I had the mother I’d always wanted. As we sat and looked out at the water my thoughts once again turned to Aiden. For some reason I said, “Aiden has his own island.”

My mother smiled and said, “Wow, that’s impressive. From what I’ve heard about him, it almost seems that he is his own island.” 

I hadn’t really thought about it like that before, but she was right. He was fond of showing the world that he didn’t need any of us. He tolerated us because he had to but he was essentially an island that the rest of us occasionally floated by but were never allowed to moor to. 

Mother and I had a great time together that day and I hoped it was just one of many new memories to come. Soon I would have a child, and mother a grandchild to make new memories with. I was at the point where I really couldn’t wait. I smiled every time I thought about holding my own baby in my arms. It was strange, because I’d never really had strong maternal desires before. When I was growing up, I played with dolls and assumed someday I would be a mother, but after I got into high school, that desire had all but gone away. I’m sure it had something to do with taking care of my mother, and a lot to do with having my own flesh and blood growing inside of me. I guess sometimes biology does change everything. 

After my mother’s discharge, she attended AA meetings every day and when I came home from work, she would have the housework done and dinner on the table. I knew she was trying to make up for lost time, and it made her feel good, so I let her. We kept her house in the city, the one I’d grown up in and my father had sweated to pay for and fix up, but for now we were content to be together and rediscover each other. The difference in her now and six months ago was amazing and I had to thank God for putting Aiden in my life, if only for the money he paid me that paid for my mother’s rehab. Although I really did hope that he’d send me an accounting of what I owed him. If he didn’t I would send him a little each week anyways. I didn’t want him to have another opportunity to accuse me of being after his money.

Mom was also helping me fix up the baby’s room. Neither of us had much money these days, so on the weekends, we would hit as many yard sales and flea markets as we could find. We had furnished the entire room that way and also found some other really amazing things like a high chair and a car seat, all almost brand new. I was getting more and more confident about being a single mother, especially with my own mother by my side.

Rose and Myra threw me a surprise baby shower at Tagus. Frank and a few of the waitresses I worked with there had been in on it and I ended up with a lot of nice things for the baby. I wasn’t even fully five months along yet and I had all the essentials. I needed to remember to count my blessings indeed. The best part was the closer it got to my due date, the more excited I became. I was in love with the baby now and I was feeling guilty and wondering how I could have ever agreed to walk away. The day that I got to see the baby on the ultrasound I was astounded that I could create something so beautiful and so perfect. I had the little picture under a magnet on my refrigerator and every time I looked at it, I smiled.

I regretted taking the baby completely out of Aiden’s life. I would have much preferred that at the very least, we co-parented the child from different homes. A child needs its father, and Aiden had a right to know them. But, I knew that if I told him about the baby he would want to fight me for custody. He’d want to talk about the “contract.” I hated that contract and I’d like to rip it to shreds. 

I was brought out of my thoughts by two of my most adorable regulars, Mr. and Mrs. Wilson. He was waving me over and she was staring at my belly again. They’d never had children of their own and I don’t know the circumstances of that, but every time I saw her she wanted to touch my belly. 

I went over to see what he needed and when I got close enough, Mr. Wilson said, “Is the breakfast steak tender?” I suppressed a smile. This couple came in every day for the month and a half that I’d been working at Tagus Ranch and asked me the same questions every day. He told me that his false teeth didn’t “stick so well” so he had trouble chewing things that weren’t tender. I told him that they were very tender the first time he’d asked. He’d ordered it that day and raved about how good it was. Since then, he’d ordered the same thing every day and asked me the same question every day. 

“Yes Mr. Wilson, it’s very tender.”

“I’ll take that then,” he said. 

“And what can I get for you Mrs. Wilson?” I waited for it and she didn’t disappoint.

“Is your melon fresh?”

“Yes ma’am, Frank goes over to the Farmer’s Market every morning.” The same thing I told her every day.

“Okay,” she said with a satisfied smile. “I’ll take the cottage cheese and fruit plate then.”

“Marvelous choices,” I told them. As I gathered the menus Mrs. Wilson touched my apron clad belly. She rubbed her paper-thin hand across it.

“When is the baby due, honey?” she asked. It was another question she asked every time.

“He’s due in about four months,” I told her. 

“Oh, it’s a he?” 

“Yes ma’am. At least that’s what they tell me. I hope they’re right or all of that blue in the nursery was money down the drain.” 

She laughed and said, “I think you’ll make a wonderful mother dear,” she said. I thanked her and went to put their order in. I stood with my back to the counter for a minute and stretched. My back had begun to ache after a few shifts in a row. My feet were also swollen and sometimes my hands. But, for the most part I felt good, and excited for the future. My new doctor said all was well with me and the baby. The aches and pains were normal growing pains considering I spent a lot of time on my feet. 

“You really shouldn’t be working in your condition, should you?” The voice was a familiar one and I had chills down my spine before I turned around and looked up into Aiden’s intense and somewhat accusing gaze.

~

Chapter Sixteen

~



I could feel the heat from his gaze. His eyes slipped down to my swollen belly and for a flash of a second his expression changed. It was…charmed, like he at least appreciated the way I looked pregnant, if not the fact that I didn’t tell him. I wasn’t surprised that he was there; I knew he would find me eventually. 

“Hi Aiden,” I said, for lack of a better opener. 

“Hi? That’s what you have to say for yourself?” My hands were shaking and I was starting to feel a little light headed. He looked so angry. I reached forward and held onto the counter just as Frank came out of the back. He looked from Aiden to me.

“Holly, is everything okay?”

“Yeah, I’m fine Frank. I’m getting back to work right now. I’m sorry.” I started to move and suddenly felt off balance. I had to reach for the wall this time to keep from hitting the floor. 

“You don’t look fine, Holly. You’ve worked here for almost two months and you haven’t been so much as a minute late ever. Take the rest of the day off. Get some rest. You look like you need it.” Then he looked back at Aiden and in a protective, father-figure voice he said, “If there’s anything else you need me to do…”

“No, Frank. It’s really okay. I’ll take you up on the time off this afternoon though if you really don’t mind. Thank you. I think the lunch rush is pretty much over now. The other girls should be able to handle it.”

“No problem. If you need to call off tomorrow just let me know, okay?”

“I will, thanks.” Frank was as nice to work for as Joe. I looked at Aiden then who hadn’t moved or spoken and I said, “Give me a second to get my purse.” He maintained eye contact but he didn’t as much as flinch. I tore my own eyes away and went to get my purse. When I reached into my locker I felt dizzy. I laid my head against the cool metal door. Frank appeared again.

“Holly, is that guy bothering you?”

“No, he’s upset with me, but he has good reason. He won’t hurt me though, not physically.”

“Okay, I just had to be sure. It’s hard for me to imagine that you would do anything to make anyone angry.”

I smiled and said, “Thank you, it’s nice to be looked after. And believe me, I have my moments.” I got my purse and as bad as I didn’t want to, I headed back out front. 

Aiden was still standing in the exact spot where I had left him. He still had that smoldering look in his eyes as well. I found myself once again wishing that he wasn’t so damned good looking. 

“Do you want to go get some coffee down the street?” I asked him. “We can talk there.”

“Sure Holly,” he said, looking down at my belly again. “It looks like we have a lot to talk about.”

I led him out of the restaurant and down the street to a little coffee shop that had some nice bistro tables out front where we could have a private conversation, but not private enough that our emotions could get too out of control. I looked at Aiden’s face and hoped anyways. Our walk was quiet and uncomfortable. Neither of us looking forward to the confrontation, I think.

We got our coffees and Aiden looked satisfied when I ordered mine decaf. We took them and had a seat at one of the tables outside. Aiden’s silence was beginning to make me really uncomfortable. I wondered if he was plotting my demise…that was a joke, I think.

Once we were seated I decided to break the ice.

“Aiden, I’m sorry that I didn’t tell you I was pregnant…” He stopped me there by holding up his palm. It was the rudest gesture, but I suppose since I quit talking it had its desired effect. He reached into the little briefcase he was carrying and pulled out a pile of paperwork. He tossed the papers onto the table in front of me. All it took was a glance for me to recognize them as our “contract.”

“You remember these papers?” he said.

“Of course,” I told him. 

“Oh, because I thought perhaps you’d forgotten that you signed a legal document that said when that child is born you’re to hand it over to me and disappear. This contract expressly states that child you’re carrying is mine, and mine alone. You didn’t not only fail to tell me you were pregnant, you lied right to my face. I never would have pegged you for a liar, Holly…obviously.” 

“I’m not a liar, usually,” I said, not intimidated. “But you’re right, I did lie in this case, and I shouldn’t have. I just decided that I wasn’t capable of leaving a child in the hands of someone so emotionally damaged.” I was trying to keep a stiff upper lip. I wasn’t scared or intimidated, but I was shocked at how cold he could be. 

He smiled, but it wasn’t humor I saw in his eyes, “You find me emotionally damaged? Perhaps I am, but I would have to give the credit for that to women like you. And by the way, you are more naïve than I thought if you think you can just change your mind and walk away from a legal commitment. Did you not realize this was a legally binding contract?”

“I’m sure that you’re not going to allow me to just walk away, Aiden, but I’m prepared to fight for my child. I will go to court and do that. I made a mistake when I agreed to give him over to you, and I’m sorry my mistake hurt you. But I’m not going to sacrifice him to keep from hurting you.”

“Him?” he said, I wasn’t certain, but it seemed like his eyes may have softened just a touch. “Do you just call it that, or do you know for sure?”

“Yes, it’s a boy,” I told him.

He almost smiled…almost. Then he remembered again why we were here.

“So, you want a court battle that could drag on for years? Are you financially prepared for that, Holly? Unless you have some big money socked away that I’m not aware of, I don’t think you are. It would ruin you, probably after the first two or three rounds.”

He sounded so arrogant. He was making it all about money again. If it wasn’t business, it was money. Did he have any human emotions left at all? I was angry now. 

“I will do whatever I need to do for my child.” 

With gritted teeth he said, “So will I, but you forget that it’s my child. I have that in writing.”

My head was pounding and I knew that we were getting nowhere. 

“Aiden, I’m not feeling very well. Can we do this later?”

“How much later?” he asked. I could tell he was torn between saying no, that we needed to finish this now, and being worried about the baby. I guess he is human after all. 

“How about you come to dinner at my apartment tonight, around seven?”

Aiden stood up. It was like he could hardly bear to look at me any longer. He took out his phone and said, “1120 Wyndcliff Rd.” I tried not to look perturbed that he’d had me investigated. I should have known that he would, especially once he found out that I was pregnant. I suppose that I may have done the same thing. It was ironic that we were both fighting so hard for the same child, yet working against each other instead of together. 

“Yes, that’s it,” I finally told him. He gave me another look of smoldering disgust and then glanced down at my belly once more. It was incredible to watch the change in his face from one look to the next.

~

Chapter Seventeen

~




I made a simple dinner of spaghetti, salad and bread. I didn’t think I’d be able to eat, my stomach was so full of butterflies there wasn’t room for anything else in there. I asked my mother if she could go to a meeting or to one of her new “sober” friend’s homes for a couple of hours. I didn’t want her to have to witness what I was sure would be another fight. I was not afraid of Aiden, not physically anyways. But no matter how hard I tried not to let him intimidate me, he just had that way about him when he was angry. 

I had just finished setting the table when Aiden rang the bell. When I opened the door he was standing there with the same look he’d had on his face earlier. I took a deep breath and invited him inside. I hoped that this wasn’t going to be just another mud-slinging fest. I would do whatever I could to fight for my baby, but he was right, I didn’t have the resources to do it in court. I was really hoping that we could do it this way.

“I made spaghetti,” I said. 

“I’m not hungry. Holly, this isn’t a social call.”

“I realize that, Aiden,” I said, trying to keep the sarcasm out of my voice. “I’m just trying to establish some kind of civility between us.”

“Civility? Civil people don’t make promises they don’t intend to keep, and they don’t lie to each other.”

“Are we going to really talk, Aiden? I’m wondering if you’re too angry to do that.”

“I don’t know what you expect, Holly. Of course I’m angry. If you couldn’t do this or you had no intentions of doing this, or were just trying to trap a rich man into marriage…”

“Are you kidding me? Do you think that I didn’t have multiple opportunities while I was working at the café if all I wanted was to snag a rich man? And of course I had the intentions of doing this. My mistake was in not getting to know you better before I agreed to do it.”

“Because I’m such an emotionally damaged monster?”

“Oh Aiden, none of this is getting us anywhere.”

“Then let’s get down to it,” he said. I offered him a seat and he took it but stayed perched on the edge looking as if he might run at any minute. I noticed that his eyes kept moving from my face to my stomach and back again. The look he gave when he looked at my belly was one of longing and sadness. 

I sat down across from him and trying a softer approach I said, “I never intended to hurt you, Aiden.”

He raised an eyebrow, “Really, Holly? You thought that running away with my child wouldn’t hurt me? Or did you just think I’d never find out? What did you plan on telling him when he got old enough to ask?”

“I hadn’t thought that far ahead, Aiden. I will concede that I was wrong to run away. This talk we’re having now should have happened a long time ago. But it didn’t, and we’re here now, so are you willing to hear me out, or not?”

“I will hear you out,” he said. “But be assured that I will be willing to take this as far as legal action if it’s necessary.” 

“Okay, Aiden,” I said, tired of the threats but trying to understand why he felt the need to make them. “I hear you. I know that you think having the law on your side is the most important thing here. I’m hoping that I can convince you otherwise. Are you ready to listen?”

“Go ahead,” he said. “But don’t count on convincing me otherwise.”

Taking a deep breath for patience I said, “First of all, when I signed that contract, I want you to know that I honestly believed I could do this. I thought I could put my emotions on a shelf and ignore them for a while. I was stupid to think that, plain and simple. I’ve never been one to be able to ignore my own feelings about things. I wear them on my sleeve and I usually get hurt because of it. My feelings for you were over the top and I could see it happening from the first kiss. I should have put a stop to it all right then and there, but I wanted a second kiss, and a third. I wanted to believe that it was more, or would be more, even though I knew you were just making a baby.” The look on his face clearly showed what he was thinking so I said, “You never led me to believe otherwise. I know that. You kept your end of the contract to the letter. I tried to do the same, but my emotions got in the way. I even began to resent that you were so hung up on the contract, that it was so important to you. Every time I fell asleep in your arms and woke up alone, I hurt in my heart a little bit more. I know that you can’t help how you feel and neither could I. The more I tried to not want you, the more I read little things in to what you said or what you did. I told myself as I was doing it that it was wrong and I was setting myself up for heartache, but short of walking away, I didn’t know what to do about it.”

“So you just walked away?” 

“I thought you were going to hear me out?” I said, frustrated with his sarcasm.

“I’m sorry, go ahead.”

“Thank you,” I said. I swallowed hard trying to force down the lump in my throat and I sucked in a deep breath and continued, “As much as I was falling for you, I was also finding things out about you that worried me. You took this clinical, business-like approach to this whole thing. You talked about our child like he was the end result of a big contract you’d scored. Family is supposed to be so much more important than that.” I touched my belly absently; protectively…I did it now without even thinking about it. “This is a human being we’re talking about. He’s a human being that we created and we have a responsibility to him. Not as two business partners who coldly decide who he’ll live with and how he’ll be raised, but as two warm, loving parents who are mature and responsible enough to put their differences aside and take his best interest to heart.”

“You don’t think that I would put my child’s best interests first?”

“Not if you continue to think of him as another belonging, Aiden. You may think that his best interest is having a large staff to take him places and look after him, but that’s not what a child needs. A child needs love and special attention from his parents, not strangers who are paid to watch him. You’re very fond of saying “my” and “mine.” It’s like a contest. It took us both to make him and I don’t understand why we can’t both raise him. We don’t have to do it together I’m not asking you to live with me. Lots of parents co-parent their children from different homes. Wouldn’t that be putting our child’s interests before our own?”

He didn’t answer that so I went on, “The day I heard you on the phone arranging for a “back up plan” that was the final straw. You were so cold and so clinical about it. There was no emotion in your voice at all, not a thought to how any of that would make me feel…”

“We had a deal and at that point, it hadn’t gone anywhere. I was well within my rights to start looking at other solutions if this one didn’t pan out.”

I smiled to keep from crying from sheer aggravation, “That attitude, Aiden is exactly what I’m talking about. That sounded just like something you might say about a business deal. This is a child, damn it!”

He looked shocked at my anger. So far he’d seen a lot of emotion from me, but not the anger I was feeling right now. 

“Okay, fair enough,” he said. “I can see a lot of your points. Now, is it my turn?”

I smiled again. That still sounded like something he would say in a business meeting.

“No, one more thing,” I said. “My reaction to you being drunk needs to be addressed as well. I probably should have told you this before, but my mother is an alcoholic.” I actually knew that he had to already know that. He’d turned up at her rehab looking for me, after all. I wondered then how he had found out and I was about to ask him but he beat me to it.

“I know. I had you checked out Holly before I moved forward with the contract. I think you’ll understand that was something I had to do. I was, after all, inviting you to live in my home and be privy to matters I couldn’t trust just anyone to.”

“So, that whole time I worried that if you found out you wouldn’t want me to be the mother of your child, and you already knew? How did you find out where she was in rehab?”

“I have some of the best investigators in the world on my payroll, Holly,” he said in a matter of fact tone, like it was something everyone had, or at the very least something I shouldn’t be surprised about. I tucked that away to think about later. I didn’t really need anything to fuel my anger right now. It wasn’t really the most important issue we had to address here tonight. I refocused my thoughts and moved on.

“Anyways, she’s always been an alcoholic, but I didn’t realize it until I got into my early teens I guess. My father covered for her a lot. He was the buffer, my safe haven. I was embarrassed of her and I didn’t want any of my friends to know. I could never have friends over and my father wouldn’t ever let her drive us anywhere. I learned how to pretend…all the time. My imagination and my dreams saved me, until my father died. I was fourteen when he died and my life suddenly became all about taking care of my mother. I cleaned her up, I fed her, I took her to the doctor and sometimes the hospital and I bailed her out of jail. I had a 4.0 GPA and I got offers from four colleges. I had to turn them all down. I couldn’t leave her alone. I couldn’t play sports or go on dates…when I saw you like that, and I thought about you handling your problems that way…I was so afraid that this child would have to grow up like I did. I at least had my father for a big part of that time; he was only going to have you. I couldn’t just walk away Aiden and let that happen.”

“I’m sorry you had to grow up that way, Holly,” he said, sounding very genuine. “I’m not an alcoholic. I was depressed and angry and I drank too much. It happens, but with me, not often. I can’t even recall the last time I was drunk before that. I like to be in control, as you well know. I don’t like giving myself over to alcohol, that was a fluke. Had you stuck around, when I sobered up I would have told you that. I can understand however that with your upbringing how that would have bothered you. As you know, my childhood was tough after the loss of my parents. My mother was amazing and I loved her more than life itself. When she died, I was so angry. I didn’t know who to be angry with, or where to put it all. I kept getting into fights and getting expelled from school. That went on for years until one time I got into a fight with this boy who unbeknownst to me had a seizure disorder. I punched him and he fell to the ground and began flopping all around. I thought he was dying…It was horrible. I found out later that he’d been having a seizure, but that feeling stayed with me. I can still call it up now. I never wanted to feel that again. So I did something that had a lot to do with shaping my personality.”

“I’m sorry, Aiden, that is terrible.”

He nodded and said, “I decided then and there that my emotions were just that, mine. I was the one who could control them, the only one. So I learned how to keep everything in tight little boxes in my head. I think it’s called compartmentalizing. I didn’t fight any longer, but I rarely allowed myself to actually feel an emotion at all, I’d just tuck it away because when I did let myself feel things, it always ended badly; it always ended with me getting hurt.” He paused and said, “Can I have some water?” 

“Of course,” I said starting to get up. 

“No, you don’t have to wait on me, Holly. I can get it.” He motioned me back down and went to get his water. While he was gone I thought about him as a little boy, broken hearted because he missed his parents so badly and trying to channel it into beating someone up. I felt another tug at my already vulnerable heart. I guess that’s what love does; it makes you want to forgive things you wouldn’t otherwise. 

He came back and when I saw his face, I didn’t even have to guess what was in his hand. 

“Is this my son?” he asked. He was holding the ultrasound picture and he had a look of pure awe on his face. I had to smile; it was a beautiful thing no matter how angry I’d been at him.

“Yes, that’s him,” I said. 

He sat back down and stared at the picture. Finally he said, “It really is a miracle, isn’t it?”

“Yes, it is,” I agreed.

“Seeing this picture puts so many things into perspective, just like that. Is that strange?”

“No, I don’t think so, anyways. It had the same effect on me. It does every time I look at it.”

“He’s beautiful.” 

I laughed, “Yes, he is,” I agreed again. 

He looked at it again and took a deep breath. Then he said, “I got a little carried away with the sob story before. I’m sorry. I’ve never talked about that part of my life to anyone before.” He looked embarrassed, like he’d said too much. I was glad that he was opening up.

“Don’t be sorry,” I told him. “I’m the one that has been begging you to open up. I know it’s not easy and I appreciate it. I also want you to know that what you tell me tonight won’t be used against you at all, even if we did have to go to court. You have a lot on your plate, and I wouldn’t doubt that talking to someone about it would help you work through some of it that is still unresolved.” 

He nodded, and his attitude seemed to be softening. I’m sure it had much more to do with the baby’s picture than it did with me. 

“I’ve kept my emotions in check for a very long time. The closest I’ve come to letting them out in years was with you. I think that’s where the whole getting drunk thing came from. I was feeling things again and I didn’t know how to deal with it. I just wanted to be numb. Before you it was with my son. At least the boy I thought was my son. I let myself feel the love and the awe. He was so amazing…I’m sure that he still is. I still miss him.” I could see the love in Aiden’s eyes when he talked about that little boy. It made me feel even guiltier for wanting to take this one from him. “The woman who professed to love me and supposedly wanted to spend the rest of her life with me lied. She let me believe he was mine, she let me fall in love with him and then she took him away. Her cheating wasn’t even as much of a violation as that was. I could live with her falling in love with someone else if she had told me that. But instead she snuck around, and only to keep from getting caught, she let me believe the baby was mine. When I found out you were pregnant and you had left without telling me, that’s exactly where my mind went. I saw red, all those boxes in my head opened at once and I felt so many things again. The only one that didn’t hurt was the rage, so I settled on that. I was sure that the woman I’d started caring for deeply had done the same thing to me as she had.”

“I’m sorry; I should have talked to you. I was afraid and confused. I also had no idea that you cared for me, Aiden. Every night after we had…our baby-making session, you left me alone, like you couldn’t bear to have to wake up next to me every day.”

“I left because waking up next to you every day was only going to intensify what I was feeling for you and I looked at that as dangerous. I was afraid that if I allowed myself to be vulnerable to you, you might take advantage of me and break my heart.”

“Aiden, you can’t go through life with a wall around your heart, not just from me but from anything that causes you to have a real feeling. If you do, and you never let anyone in, you’ll never truly be happy.” 

“I know that, Holly. I try to tell myself that I need to be more open to love…but look where you are, and why. You left me, rather than stay and talk, or stay and fight. I have to be worth at least that much before I would be willing to let you inside any walls.”

“You’re right. I already knew that running was wrong, but I did that emotionally, and once it was done, I didn’t know how to undo it. I’ve ached for you every day since, and I’ve regretted what a mess we both made of things.”

“We’re both a hot mess, aren’t we?” he said. I don’t know why, but that made me laugh, long and hard. He joined me and it felt like a lighter mood had fallen across the room. 

“Yes, we are,” I told him when I stopped laughing. “But, we don’t have to be. Now that we know what’s wrong, we can work on fixing it. It’s similar to my mom with her alcoholism…you have to admit there is a problem and then work on understanding it and go from there. I could even move back to the city, if you would agree…”

“No, Holly!” he said. 

I felt like he stabbed me in the heart. Had I misunderstood? I thought he was leading towards us working something out, “So you plan to take me to court?” I asked.

“No,” he said, again. “I plan for you and me to figure out a schedule for our baby like adults, and this time, I don’t expect you to be the one to change your life to do that.”

I could feel the tears stinging my eyes. That was the first time he’d called the baby “ours” I was so happy that; I missed what he said next, “What? I’m sorry?” 

“I asked if you might consider giving me another chance where your feelings for me are concerned, unless you’ve replaced those all with anger or disgust because of my behavior.”

“Um…yes, I’d love that, both things. I promise to talk to you, and be honest with you. No more running away.” 

“And I will do my best to stop trying to control every situation, and to voice how I’m feeling. It’s going to take me some time. This is how I’ve been for a long while now. I think that it will make me less stressed if I can accomplish it. Having to win all the time puts a lot of pressure on a person.”

“I understand. I hope you’ll trust me first. I already love this baby, and I care deeply for you. I want us to be a family more than anything in the world.”

“So do I,” he said, pulling me in close. I closed my eyes as he kissed me and as my lips parted; I could feel in my heart that a whole new life was opening up to us all. 

When we came up for air, Aiden said, “I forgot one important thing, the contract.”
Confused again, and still somewhat light-headed from the kiss I said, “The contract? But I thought we were going to do this together?”

“We are,” he said. He picked up the stack of legal papers and tore them into shreds. Then he threw the shreds into the air like confetti and pulled me in for another deep kiss. It felt like New Year’s Eve in Times Square.

~

Chapter Eighteen

~



AIDEN


The air was warm, but not so hot as to be uncomfortable. The tall palms swayed in the light breeze and the sun streamed down through the green fronds. The sand was damp and cool beneath my bare feet. I wore a comfortable pair of beach shorts and a shirt that would have made any surfer proud. The boat ride out had been one big, fun party with all of my favorite people aboard. I was thirty years old and about to have everything I’d ever desired. 

I stood nervously at the altar that was made of flowers and seashells. Holly and her mother had built it, with the shells they’d found on their many excursions to the beach. The baby loved the beach and Holly told me all the time that he was going to be some kind of seaman when he grew up. I didn’t know about that, but I did know that our little man was going to have every advantage and more importantly an abundance of love. He could be anything he wanted and I would love him all the same. 

I glanced again along the aisle made of flower petals. Holly had wanted everything to be natural and organic. Her friends and her had set it all up and today was the first I’d seen of it. They had done a beautiful job, I felt like I was standing in the center of paradise. Right now though, I was waiting for my own paradise to walk down that aisle, and it seemed like it was taking forever. I have to admit that although I’ve come a long way, I still had some residual abandonment issues. I tried not to, but for a second I let my head go back to that dark place, the one where Cecile left me and took the baby with her. I held my breath and closed my eyes and reminded myself that Holly wasn’t going to do that. We had worked through our issues. Nonetheless I was nervous until at last I heard the sounds of soft music and I looked up to see Holly’s mother being escorted down the aisle by Myra’s husband. Mrs. Valentine was beaming. I think today was a day that she had at one point given up on ever being able to attend, and here she was, a vital part of it. Myra’s husband was a good guy and we had become close. As the father of four little ones, he’d also been a great resource for me when it came to taking care of my own.

Next, Rose came down the aisle on the arm of a friend of mine who was one of the ushers. Rose was a nice lady, and she had finally left that mean man she lived with. Holly and I helped her get set up in her own place and not long after that, we heard a rumor that she was dating none other than grumpy old Joe. None of the staff at the café would confirm or deny it, but from the way they looked at each other when Holly and I had them over for dinner and Joe’s sudden change from an old grump to a virtual picture of sunshine, I’d say it was a safe bet. 

Myra came next, escorted by my best man. I had thought long and hard about who I would ask. But it was always obvious who it should be. This man was much older and very distinguished looking. His hair was still mostly dark with just a touch of gray at the temples. He had dark eyes that seemed to dance when he smiled. He looked as happy as Holly’s mother to be here, I’m sure it’s a day he thought he’d never see as well. His name is Gregory Scott and he is my grandfather. The story of how we came together after so many years of bad blood is a long one, but let me just say that the woman who is about to become my bride was instrumental in bringing a family together. 

Finally, with all the bit players in place, the wedding march was struck up and a white carriage covered with white flowers and lace was pushed down the aisle by Joe, who actually cleaned up very well. He was wearing a Hawaiian shirt and khaki shorts and he was barefoot like me. Inside the carriage was Eric, mine and Holly’s son and the light of my life. Next to his mother, he was the best thing that ever happened to me. I couldn’t even look at him without my chest puffing up with pride. He was beautiful and smart…at one year old he was already walking and he said “Da Da” at nine months. I cried that day almost as much as I did the day he was born. He was trying to climb out of the carriage now and my grandfather went and took him. The old man’s smile lit up the entire island when he looked at the sweet little boy. 

Holly had asked Joe to walk her down the aisle. That brought him to tears. One of the reasons I’d picked her almost two years ago to be the mother of my child was the way that everyone around her seemed to fall in love with her. They all loved her in different ways, Joe like a father, Rose and Myra like a sister. But, because of that I should have known that I wouldn’t be able to resist either no matter how hard I tried, and most of the time I can’t even remember why I did try. I regretted all of that wasted time. This past year had been the happiest of my life. I had gotten into therapy, reluctantly, but because Holly asked me to. I learned things about myself that I never knew, things that surprised me. Most of all, I learned how to forget the past and move on, knowing that because one person had hurt me before it didn’t mean the next one would do the same. 

I looked at her now on Joe’s arm. She was wearing an off-white sundress with a wreath of beautiful flowers in her pretty dark hair that hung in curls to her shoulders. She was so beautiful, she took my breath away. I wasn’t a big believer in the supernatural, but sometimes I couldn’t help but wonder if it were fate that had led me to that café the first time I’d gone in there and saw Holly. I look at her now and I feel like we were destined to be here together. I can’t even imagine being anywhere else.



HOLLY


As I walked down the aisle towards my destiny I thought back over the past two years. Two years ago I was a lonely, miserable woman. I had no self-confidence and very little hope for the future. My mother was drinking heavily and I was in full-blown enabler mode. I did everything for her and it had taken me a long time to realize that had been a big part of why she continued to do what she did. I’d gotten so used to my situation that I got to the point of needing her to be sick in order to validate my own life. I didn’t know that until recently. I’d started going to some of her AA meetings so as a family, we can make sure history never repeated itself. 

I can see her now, standing near the front row, turned to look at me as the wedding march plays. She’s gorgeous in her apricot sun dress with her long, dark hair framing her face and hanging down her back. When she was drinking, her hair was dull and her skin a sickly yellow color. She’d looked sixty-five then, but now if I didn’t know her I would say she wasn’t a day over thirty-five. She was actually somewhere around fifty and she had a lot of good, sober years in front of her. She loved being a grandmother and she’d gotten a job at an antique store that she loved as well. It was so good to see her happy and thriving. She celebrated her one year sober anniversary nine months ago. She was already going on two. On top of her job, she was volunteering her time to counsel other lost souls through the long and arduous recovery process. It was so good to have my mother back. 

Joe was pushing the object of this entire relationship in his carriage as he led me down the aisle, my precious Eric. I had only had the pleasure of knowing him for a year now but I can’t even remember what life was like without him in it. He was healthy and robust, curious, sweet, precocious…he was a miracle, and I loved him so much that not only my heart, but my entire body was consumed with it. I could be having the worst day ever, not that there were many of those anymore, but one small smile from Eric was like magic that washed all the troubles away. I watch him grow every day and soak up the world like a sponge and I marvel at how lucky I am.

Rose and Myra were constants at our house in the country. We sat by the big window in the kitchen sometimes and sipped our tea or our coffee and I think about that day I’d gone riding with Aiden. I hadn’t dared let myself hope that dream could become a reality back then, but here I was in the middle of it. Aiden had insisted that he didn’t want his son raised in the city so we’d moved into the house full-time not long after Eric was born. I didn’t argue with that. I was more than happy to live with my little family in the country. We took the baby on horseback rides every weekend and he had a dog and goats and sheep…he would grow up to be a regular farm boy, albeit a very rich one. I wanted him to be touched by the beauty of the life around him and the people who loved him before he discovered that. I wanted him to be rich in his soul before he ever knew how rich he was in his bank accounts.

That thought brought me around to Aiden’s grandpa. After Aiden began to go to therapy, he started thinking a lot about “the old man” as he called him. He said he began to wonder if the man deserved a second chance, if for no other reason than he was family. He obviously hadn’t forgotten Aiden completely. He’d been putting money continuously into those untouched accounts for thirty years. I wasn’t a big advocate of showing your love in dollar signs, but maybe it was the only way the “old man” knew how. I told Aiden that I would support whatever he decided to do. I truly believed that everyone deserved at least a second chance, and if you loved them, maybe a third. 

Aiden started by investigating and researching him and he found out that he was a philanthropist now. He still ran his businesses but for the past twenty years he had given almost every cent he made during that time to different children’s charities. He had built hospitals and given aid to starving children in third world countries. The thing that impressed Aiden the most was that it was all hard for him to even find. “The old man” didn’t advertise it or talk about it in interviews, or accept public praise for it. He did it seemingly out of the goodness of his heart.

“He couldn’t be all that bad, right?” Aiden had asked me one night as we lay in bed. “Someone who would do all of that, even if it’s to make amends for the way he’d already lived his life, he couldn’t be a completely worthless person, right?”

“I don’t think so,” I told him. “If it is to make amends then that means he’s changed. Even if he did make mistakes before, trying to make amends would mean that he regrets them. I’m sure that his love of money cost him dearly. But maybe you need to meet him face to face and decide all of that for yourself.”

For the next few months he talked a lot about “the old man,” but he never took the step of arranging a meeting with him. I knew that he wanted to, but he was afraid. I think mostly he was afraid of the reality destroying the image of the kind and giving man he had begun to hope his grandfather had become. Finally, just before Aiden’s thirtieth birthday I called him myself. I found the number lying on Aiden’s desk. I told him who I was and that I was having a surprise birthday party for Aiden. I told him Aiden had been thinking of contacting him and would like to finally meet him. I asked if he would have any interest in coming to the party. He cried on the phone. He cried again when I met him at the airport and he cried when he saw Aiden. His tears only doubled when he met Eric. He’d been in town for over six months now. He and Eric went to the park once a week and took the dog out into the field and ran and played every day. Not that Eric could really run yet, but his great-grandfather made sure he won every race. I don’t think he’s planning on leaving again anytime soon.

When we reached the altar, Joe kissed me on the cheek and handed me over to my handsome groom. Other than our son, I’d never seen a sight so beautiful. It had taken us almost two years but here we were at last, standing with our bare toes in the sand of our own private island in front of God, our family and our friends, saying the vows to each other that I know we will both uphold. We had already been through the hard times. They were all in the past. Our future would be filled with family and love and truth and loyalty. No one was going to leave, and our son was going to have the best childhood ever…at least all of that was going to happen if I had anything to say about it. 

That day I heard the seven most beautiful words my ears had ever been privy to: I now pronounce you man and wife. 


Holly Rayner


