THE SPACE BETWEEN
A Novel

By Victoria H. Smith

THE SPACE BETWEEN: A Novel
Smashwords Edition

Copyright © 2013 by Victoria H. Smith

Smashwords Edition License Notes:

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form, including electronic or mechanical, without written permission from the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to any person, living or dead, any place, events or occurrences, is purely coincidental and not intended by the author.

Author’s Note: This author acknowledges that the theaters in which Lacey performs are fictitious. 

Published by Victoria H. Smith
Cover design by WHAT GEORGIE DID
Cover photo by mimagephotography
Editing by Marcie Turner
Layout by Something Simple eBook Design

Table of Contents


Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty One
Chapter Twenty Two
Chapter Twenty Three
Chapter Twenty Four
Chapter Twenty Five
Chapter Twenty Six
Chapter Twenty Seven
Chapter Twenty Eight
Chapter Twenty Nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty One
Chapter Thirty Two
Chapter Thirty Three
Chapter Thirty Four
Chapter Thirty Five
Chapter Thirty Six
Chapter Thirty Seven
Chapter Thirty Eight
Chapter Thirty Nine
Chapter Forty
Chapter Forty One
Chapter Forty Two
Chapter Forty Three
Chapter Forty Four
Chapter Forty Five
Chapter Forty Six
Chapter Forty Seven
Chapter Forty Eight
Chapter Forty Nine
Chapter Fifty
Epilogue



Click here to get going: http://eepurl.com/bdxV5P

Chapter One
Drake

By my count? I would have guessed we were at two hundred—no, two hundred and fifty tonight. There were two hundred and fifty overly dressed, robotic-like socialites attending Senator Drake’s campaign fundraiser in the ritzy gold ballroom of the city’s country club. Two hundred and fifty people who most likely knew their left hand from their right hand only because that was the one the checks were signed with. Checks: the equivalent of gold in my father’s eyes, and the reason why this Armani suit choked the hell out of me. I yawned watching them and their dreadfully dull existence. One would think going to these things would be exciting, but when a guy’s been to enough of them over the years, the “thrill” of it all quickly leaves.
With glassed-over eyes, my focus drifted to the navy ball gown with sequins thingies all over it. Mom. I learned a while ago it was best to keep her within watch at all times. She worked the stage as usual, cocking her head to the side as if intrigued by whatever the stiff in the suit with extremely elongated nose hairs had to say to her. I had to hand it to my mother. She was the ultimate good wife. She had her script ready, and her performance cued up at all times—the perfect little woman. Too bad my father missed the memo.
Confirming her preoccupation, I searched for the man of the hour. In his navy suit—to match my mother, of course—he cheesed like a Colgate model. The man could whore himself out better than the most talented prostitute. If he were to stand next to one of his campaign posters, you couldn’t tell his smile from the one on the cardboard. He was that rehearsed. That defined. That good. 
Knowing I didn’t have to worry about that one, I refocused on the crowd. Maybe I could grab a waitress, find an opening, and slip out before my father’s thank you speeches. If I stayed long enough to hear those there wouldn’t be a point to leaving. I’d be knocked out from sheer boredom and no fun for whatever girl I wanted to party with later. 
“That’s not a Merlot.”
My eyes flicked to the right. Glistening gold locks, and a long red dress with cleavage straining against the material met my eyes. The girl was about two seconds away from indecent exposure with the way her nips were razor blading out of that dress. Did she ice those things or something? Why the hell did girls try so hard at these events? 
“Um, Sorry?” I attempted to keep the boredom in my voice at bay, but really, I always got attacked at these things, so it couldn’t be helped. I was like a new toy to these people, even more so since this campaign fundraiser was my father’s introduction to this district’s elite. Once the hobnobbers initial reaction to me was over, I could usually tolerate them more. Until then? Fun times at the fundraiser!
Goldie Locks pointed a ruby fingernail at the glass of punch I’d been sloshing in a circle for the last hour. “Your drink. It’s not wine. You don’t need to swirl it.” She gave a whispery Marilyn Monroe laugh. “I don’t think it needs oxygen. It hasn’t been in a bottle.”
Giving a half-smile, I leaned against the marble wall. These girls were too easy. I only wished I had an interest in her. I learned very quickly that getting involved with the daughters of political Satan was a marriage death wish. A guy shows interest, and he might as well be walking down the aisle. “I guess you’re right.”
A waiter in his black vest and matching tie passed. Catching him on the fly, I deposited my glass on his platter. I held out my hand to Goldie. “Truman Drake.”
Her eyes widened. Perhaps, she didn’t get the memo. As her eyes went back to normal size and into a smoldered gaze, I figured she quickly hid her surprise and went back to her pervious pursuit of the guy hiding out by the chocolate fountain. “Ah, the Truman Drake.”
“Just Drake.” Best to fix that issue right away. My parents had great taste in names. 
Sarcasm. 
She slipped her hand into mine. Smooth as silk. “Well, Drake, my name is Ashley Jameson. 
Raising her hand, I brushed my lips against her silky skin. “Charmed, Ms. Ashley Jameson.”
The blush crept its way onto her cheeks. Too easy. Again, I wished I had an interest.
“Do you want to tell me why you’re over here when you should be out mingling alongside your dad?” she asked, tucking her arms behind her and pushing out her breasts. “He is making his debut in Chicago after all.”
My attention went to my father. Tonight was a big night for him. New move equaled new town. And new town equaled new moneybags to siphon. With his re-election coming up, the old man was going into major whoring mode, and that meant the “good family” had to be extra good. “As you said, it’s his debut. Thought it best to lay low and keep the focus on him.”
As Ashley opened her mouth, I zoned out again. I blinked my way out of it and forced myself to concentrate on her crystal-blue eyes. God, why were these things so dull?
“So, if you’re free then you should come back around here on Saturday. The junior members are having a pool party. You can meet the gang.”
My eyes flicked. “Um, sorry?”
She giggled like ignoring her was a compliment. “Saturday. Here? Pool party at the country club? You should come.”
“Hey, dude, save me a seat okay?” said a low voice.
Two waiters around my age by the silver double doors of the kitchen adjacent to me took my attention. I seriously had the attention span of a goldfish at these things, but since they were clearly trying to keep their voices down they kept my focus. 
One of the guys handed the other some cash. “Here’s my money for the game. Tell the boys I’m off in ten.”
If my ears weren’t perked before, they were now.
The server who took the money unbuttoned his vest, then headed through the double doors. The other picked up a silver platter off the serving station by the doors and headed over to a couple of women wrapped in furs and diamonds.
Ashley still went on about something, but I’d already mentally left the conversation. There was a game of some kind going on, and whatever it was had to be more exciting than this.
“Saturday it is then, since you’re nodding your head, Drake.”
I am. I was? “Uh, yeah. Sure. Sounds like fun.” I guessed it would be good to make some friends. Maybe some of them were headed to Northwestern, too. Mom and Father would love it if I got in with the locals. Saves them the trouble of setting up a playdate. 
I was sure Ashley said “great” or “goodbye” or something, but I was already headed toward that set of double doors. My patent-leather shoes scuffed the marble floor when a familiar face stopped me in my tracks. The green eyes of my father and the porcelain-like skin of my mother all surrounded by cascading brown waves. My sister was a goddess. I threatened enough barely pubescent fifteen-year-old boys to know.
“Dear brother.” She crossed her arms over her red, satin ensemble. “I know that look, and it’s not going to work.”
I smirked. My sibling knew me too well. “Oh, dear sister, whatever do you mean?”
Her smirk matched mine. “Mom and Dad have this place locked up like Fort Knox. Whatever escape you’re planning will not work.”
	I guessed she didn’t know me as well as I thought. “See, there is where you’re wrong. There’s always a way out from under the ‘rents.” I tapped her temple. “You just have to use your head.”
	“I think a bet’s in order then.”
	Of course it was. “The wager?”
	“One hundred bucks. If they don’t notice when you get back five hundred.”
	Most siblings argued over who got to drive the old family beater. Adele and I? We made bets. “Up it to five hundred dollars and a grand, and you’ve got a deal.” 
	Her mouth made a small “o.” “Really? Confident tonight, I see?”
	“I take that as a yes then?”
	With a shake, it was cemented. Mid-shake, our smiles left when Mom made eye contact with us over the suited stiff she spoke to. Dropping our hands, we gave a small wave to her. She knew us well, and shakes meant trouble.
	Her look of distrust wasn’t lost on us, but the good wife had a job to do, and she couldn’t watch the kids around the clock. With a final sharp look, she re-engaged in her conversation. 
	Adele’s plastered grin escaped with her wave. “She’s on to us quicker and quicker.”
	She didn’t have to tell me. Damn this was going to be harder than I thought if Mom was on the alert.
	“So, what’s your plan?”
	“I’m thinking the ole’ switcheroo,” I said, scoping the crowd for potential victims. Six-foot-two wasn’t a hard height to match. As long as the dude was at least five-eleven, Mom seeing him from a distance wouldn’t be a big deal. And if he had dark hair, I was as good as gone.
	“It’s worked before, but I think you’re fresh out of luck this time,” Adele said.
	“Why—” As soon as I said it, I quickly got my own answer. Not one. Not one stinkin’ server was dark haired. Blond. Blond as far as the eye could see!
	“Told you she was on to us.”
	I gritted my teeth, my eyes blazing over the crowd. I was about to lose the damn bet already. Until . . . I met my guinea pig in the form of the server who just walked through the kitchen doors. “Two thousand bucks if I make it back.”
	Adele’s curly brown lashes fluttered a bunch. “That’s my entire summer savings.”
	I took my eyes off the victim just enough to watch my sister. I didn’t want to steal money from the kid but really anything she wanted, Mom and Father would grant her anyway. She had them wrapped around her finger; a matching set of piggy banks at her disposal. “It’s not like you to be scared, Adele. Like you said, I might be out of luck this time.” 
	I said the key word: scared. My sister feared nothing and no one and was quick to let anyone know.
	She didn’t say a word, just gestured me ahead with her hand. 
Game on.
	With a casual stride, I made my way over to the server surrounded by a group of hungry socialites as they picked at his platter hors d’oeuvres. The cogs in my head turned with every step. This was all new territory for me. I’d never worked here before. New town also meant new plans and rogue variables. Taking on a task like this would take finesse as to not scare the fish.
	Making it over to the guy, I gazed over my shoulder. Adele’s jaw dropped when she saw whom I had approached. I didn’t need to read her thoughts in the moment. This one was going to be a stretch.
	Spinning his plate of caviar, he gave me that well-rehearsed grin. “Hors d’oeuvres, sir?”
	I gave my deep, throaty chuckle—well rehearsed. I wasn’t my father’s son for nothing. “Oh, no thanks. I actually have a proposition for you.”
	His dark eyebrows twitched up. “A proposition, sir?”
	“Call me Drake.” Grabbing his tray, I handed it off to a server I hoped needed something to do. “Walk with me.”
	He hesitantly followed me to a marble column about ten feet away. This was a safe distance. Out of Mom’s radar enough, but still considered within the mix of the event. 
	“Did you say your name was Drake? As in one of the Drakes?” 
	My name precedes me, yet again. “Yes, my father is Senator Drake.”
	His stare was as if he was in the presence of royalty. No confusion at all read across his features, and he easily got past the surprise of me. I liked this guy. Made me kind of feel bad that I was about to sucker him.
Almost.
“Great to meet you. Excellent event your father has going on tonight.”
	“Thanks, um—” I gestured with my hand for his name.
	“Omar.”
	“Yes, Omar. Great to meet you. I was hoping you might help me with a little problem I have.”
	He stood tall, alert like I was a general, and he was a soldier waiting for a command. “Of course, sir. I mean, Drake. How can I help?”
	“I overheard a few of your fellow servers discussing a game of some sorts.”
	His eyebrows narrowed. “A game?”
	I straightened my cuff links, the light of the chandelier above reflecting off the gold. “Yes, a game. I want in, and I need your assistance to make that happen.”
	He stared at me a moment before he spoke. “Drake, I would love to help you, but I’m unaware of the game you’re referencing—”
	I raised my hand to halt his denial. “Look, Omar.” I placed my hand on his shoulder. “You help me, I help you. I promise I will make it worth your while.”
	With an anxious expression, he looked from side to side before he answered. “There’s a poker game going on between the staff in the stock room. High buy-ins.”
	Not a problem.
	“But I don’t advise you go. The players can be a bit—”
	I raised my hand again. “No need for your warning, Omar. I can handle myself.”
	He nodded once, biting his lip in a nervous manner. “But, Drake, how can you leave? Aren’t you needed here? This is your father’s fundraiser.”
	Me? Needed? I was an accessory to my father. Nothing more than a body to keep up the appearance of his perfect family unit, and with Omar’s help, that body would be supplied. “My presence here is merely for show; which is why I need a stand-in so I can go have my fun.”
	“A stand-in?”
	I gestured toward him.
	Dipping his chin, he studied himself, then looked at me. “But I look nothing like you.”
	I draped my arm over his shoulder. “Omar, all these people know is that my father has an adopted Asian son.”
	If Omar didn’t look nervous before he did now. “But, I’m Indian Asian.”
	“I see that, brother, and these people won’t know the difference. If they assume what part of Asia I’m originally from, then that’s on them, and not my problem.”
	Omar looked behind him like he was seeking backup. 
Time to raise the stakes.
	“Two thousand dollars will get you the high life for one night while pretending to be me, and a night off from work.” I patted his chest. “You have to be tired from doing all your server duties. Why not take a rest?”
	“Two thousand dollars? That’s more than I make in a month.”
	Sure, giving the server the majority of my winnings was a lot for just one night of fun, but if the offer got me out of this event, the loss of money would be worth it. Besides, I’d make it back at the table anyway. “So?”
	He gazed at me like he was about to make a deal with the devil. “Are you going to get me fired?”
	I patted his chest again. “Everything will be fine, Omar. You won’t lose your job. I won’t let that happen. I promise.”
	He let out a breath. “How will this work?”
	Jackpot.

*

	When Omar and I passed the marble columns on our way from the bathroom, my sister saw us. Doing a double take, she shook her head. She was about to be in even more shock when she watched me pull this off. 
	I picked up a silver platter from the serving station by the kitchen doors. “Now remember, Omar, stay away from my parents, and if anyone asks, it’s okay to tell them you’re me. But if it comes to that, try to make up a quick excuse to leave the conversation.”
	Omar patted down my onyx Armani suit. I was a few inches taller and my arms a bit longer. He didn’t look like he swam in it, though. If people looked too closely they would wonder why someone wearing something so expensive didn’t bother to get it tailored, so he was advised to just mingle, partake in short conversations, and try to be discreet.
	“This isn’t going to work. I’m going to get fired.” Omar inhaled and exhaled rapidly.
	“It is going to work. And you won’t be fired. This isn’t my first time around the block. Now, hurry. This thing will last at least a couple more hours, and I’ll be back before then. Just go have some fun.” 
	Omar didn’t move a muscle. To trigger his steps, I gave him a gentle push that got his legs moving.
	As Omar scooted off, I glanced toward Mom. Still in conversation, she didn’t notice when I slipped between the doors of the kitchen. Watching through the glass window of the doors, I grinned at my sister. She slumped her shoulders and crossed her arms. She just lost the first part of our bet.
	I gave a quick tap on my head, then pushed my way through the busy ongoings of the kitchen. 
	The clamoring metal of pots and pans sounded about the room—the real work of the evening done behind the scenes. Finding that server who received the cash was my best bet to get to the stock room but odds were he’d already made it to the game. I grabbed the shoulder of a white-vested cook. When the heavyset man turned, he scanned me up and down.
	“New here. Stock room?” I spoke casually. If one spoke as if they weren’t under fire, then they didn’t receive suspicion.
	He pointed behind him with his thumb. “Take the service elevator to the basement. It’s down the hall and around the corner. First door.”
	I nodded and stepped off; but stopped when he touched my shoulder. 
	“And make sure you get a proper fitting uniform before your next shift.” Shaking his head, he grabbed a wok.
	His reference reminded me that the white shirt and vest combo choked more than my Armani. Loosening Omar’s server’s tie at my neck, I headed to the elevator. I got the top button of the shirt undone and pushed my white sleeves up on the way down. 
	When the doors opened, the fumes of whiskey and cigars alerted my senses. Oh, yeah. These guys liked to have fun. Omar really did me a solid tonight.
	The sounds of laughing grew louder as I made my way down the hall. My adrenaline high, I followed until I made it to that first door around the corner. I went in grinning, but any amusement in that room left when they saw me. 
	The room was full of dudes. Big dudes. Dressed in their uniforms with the vests open, they sat around a small circular table, decks of cards in hand. Not one looked excited to see a new player, but the guy who took the cake was over by the canned corn. He wore a skull cap and had a joint in the corner of his mouth; tattoos running up and down his dark-skinned arms in cobweb formations.
	With the snarl he gave me, and the other guys watching his reaction, this guy had to be the leader.
I might have been intimidated if I hadn’t dealt with guys like him before in high-stakes games. As I told Omar, this wasn’t my first time around the block. 
	Joining the crew, I sat on an open crate. Before they could speak I whipped out my wallet and threw a stack of hundreds on the table.
	The guy with the skull cap stared at me for a moment; eyes squinted with a smoke cloud curling from his lips. The tension was thick as his gang watched him watching me. When he dealt me in, their attention went back to their cards.
	Money always did speak more than words at these things.
	“We’ll take your money tonight if you’re willing to give it, Mini Warbucks, but don’t make coming back here a habit.”
	 I must have looked confused by his reference because he threw down a newspaper on the table. My face was plastered on the front. I stood with my family in front of our new house with a headline that read: The Senator Moves to Chicago.
	I smirked. “Don’t let my background mislead you, and I’d watch your money.”
	He gave a short laugh, puffing out some smoke. “Easy to talk stupid when we’re on your side of the tracks.”
	“Location means nothing to me.” 
	“I’m sure. Let’s see if you can back that mouth up with some action.”
	I gestured to begin.
	I studied eyes and faces. That was my thing. I was a people watcher. I had lots of time at Father’s functions. This talent also made me quite skilled in the art of poker. Didn’t take me long to win a few hands, then take each guy’s money one by one. They all looked disgruntled after every loss, but to my surprise, the guy by the canned corn didn’t react to the losses of his boys. He just kept silent with a stoic expression; watching just as I was.
	Scratching his dark, leathery neck, the guy studied his hand. 
	Hmm. That was a bit of a telling action, and he looked a little nervous as he analyzed his cards.
	I pushed all in.
	He gave a short whistle. “We confident about something, Mini?”
	I shrugged. “We’ll see.”
	One by one the remaining men in the game put down their cards. Dismal hands compared to mine appeared each time, but I kept stoic during each new reveal. When it got to the guy in the skull cap, he didn’t place. Not at first.
	“I’ll give you some time to back out, Mini.” His friends all gave him screwed up faces of confusion. “I make the rules. I say he gets a chance to bow out.”
	I watched him for a moment, and for the first time the hairs went up on the back of my neck. What was this guy playing at?
	“So, Mini?” He twitched up his dark brow.
	I didn’t say a word.
	He put down his cards, and I did the same. 
	There were four nines on that table and one straight flush. 
I was the straight flush. 
Casually, I reached out for the pot, but his dark hand hit it first.
	“Didn’t I say I make the rules, Mini? I suggest you take your hand back before you lose it.”
	When the click of a blade sounded behind me, the threat confirmed it wasn’t a bluff.
	I lifted my hand and watched as my money went into his massive, scaly hands across the table. After he pocketed the pot, he lit up a new joint.
	I nodded. “Can I get a hit? I think you owe it to me.”
	Clicking his lighter closed, he gave a half-smile. “I’ll do you one better.” He snapped his fingers and one of his boys who seemed around my age wearing a dark hoodie over his uniform leaned in. He said something in his ear. The guy nodded and went to the door. “I’m sending you to Margot. My personal dealer. She’ll hook you up. Derrick will take you to her.”
	I just sat there. I had no intention of buying any drugs. Taking a hit was one thing, but buying was another.
	“You’re not down?” he asked.
	This was another one of this guy’s tests. If I didn’t go with his friend, something was going to happen. I didn’t know if I wanted to find out. I stood from my crate and followed Derrick.
	“Enjoy it, Mini. And hey? I take back what I said. Feel free to come back anytime.”
	The laughter of the room grew fainter and fainter as I left down the hall.


Chapter Two
Lacey

	Pushing a pin through the thick material of the Victorian dress, I misjudged where the sharp edge would return. The silver point shot out and caught my finger.
	“Dammit!” I sucked on my finger, tasting the metallic after effects of my stupidity.
	“Dang, Lacey, are you okay?” The girl whose dress I was pinning up gazed down at me over her massive hoop skirt.
	Pulling my finger out my mouth, I studied the damage. “Yeah, I’m just a ditz.” 
Shaking out my finger, I smiled up at her, then finished working the material of her dress with my hands. “You look great. Head out.”
	She puffed up her powdered wig, then clicked her way onto the stage in her Victorian heels.
	I watched her for a moment to make sure she got out on the stage okay, then quickly moved on to the next actress who needed my attention. A familiar face—who was supposed to be in the control booth—made her appearance when she sat in the lead actress’ folding chair next to me. 
	“Margot May, aren’t you supposed to be with the tech crew?” Not looking at her, I secured the clasp of a pearl necklace around this new actress’ neck.
	“It gets hot up there,” she drawled, her voice fatigued.
	Her weird tone took my attention from the pearls. She sat there scratching her neck with hazy eyes.
	I groaned. Good Lord she was lit up.
	I finished up the actress with a quick fluff of her blue dress detailed in white lace. “All set, sweetie. Head out.”
	“Thanks, Lacey.” She winked, then joined the other debutantes on stage for the grand ball scene.
	I crossed my arms, facing Margot. “How much did you smoke?” 
If it was a casual smoke that was one thing, but if she was completely fried there was no getting her to do anything.
	She scoffed. “Nothing. I don’t smoke on the job. You know that.”
	“Then why do you look so tired?”
	A little boy tugging at the neck of his white-ruffled, collared shirt stepped in front of me. I stopped him and unbuttoned his top button. To give him room, I inserted a safety pin. Once he realized he could breathe, he smiled up at me, then followed the little actress playing his sister on stage.
	“I was partying last night. Huge deal fell into my lap. You know? Business.”
	Yeah, I knew. She hardly ever slept from the hours of nine p.m. to ten a.m. because of her “business.” When her brother got locked up at the beginning of the summer, she took over. Keeping it in the family kind of thing. It sucked because she was college bound. She was the one who was supposed to make it out. Freakin’ shame how life works.
	“Okay, that explains your hazy eyes, but why are you down here?” I asked. 
	“It’s called a break. All of us get one you know. Even you.”
	Smiling, I picked up some excess material from the floor. “No time for breaks on the final performance night of the show.”
	“Right.” She flipped a few of her rainbow-tipped, dirty blonde locks out of her eyes. “Anyway, I had a mission to complete. Decided to stop by to see my girl on my way back to the booth.”
	“Oh? What mission?” I tossed the material on the star’s dresser with the lighted mirror.
	“Business.”
	“Mmhmm.” I chuckled. When it came to asking Margot questions sometimes there was just no point in asking. With her clientele, she was sworn to secrecy. Not that I ever actually wanted to hear the details of her nightly activities.
	A round of applause sounded out in the grand theater, and Margot glanced that way. 
	“That should be you out there you know,” she said.
	Laughing, I shook my head. “Bills have to be paid.”
	She crossed her arms. “Bills can be paid and dreams can be made if you haven’t checked. Look at those skinny bitches on Broadway. I’m sure they’re making billions.”
	“I have no dreams of Broadway.” And I really didn’t.
	“Yeah, I know. But you do have some dreams.”
	Nibbling on the backing of my lip ring stud, I restlessly straightened the star’s flower arrangement on her dresser. Margot was right, but the fact really didn’t matter. Life was life. It was what it was, and I accepted that fully.
	“Look at you. Now, they’ve got you prepping the girl’s flowers. These should be your flowers.” She flicked at one of the buds.
Dropping my hands, I placed them on my hips. “Why do you always go on about things that have no meaning? The fact of the matter is these are not my flowers. They are never going to be my flowers, so there’s no point in talking like they will be. We live in this reality, so stay in it.”
	She brushed off my comment with her hand. “This reality is too depressing. Talking about our dreams keeps us sane.” She grabbed a hand mirror off the lead actress’ dresser.
	Margot could visit her dream world as much as she wanted, but the realist in me would never allow me to join her. I didn’t see the point.
	When Margot moved on to putting the lead actress’ ruby lipstick on, I grabbed the tube. “Not for you.”
	She grabbed the girl’s powder puff next. “Why not pretend to live the life of the stars when their backs are turned. I’m not hurting anything.”
	I put the tube down and leaned against the dresser. “Well, this one is a prima donna, and if she catches you in that chair and with her powder puff you will be out of a job. And as good as business is booming you still need this job.”
	She shrugged, continuing with the puff. “Tonight is the last night of the job since it’s the end of the season in case you’ve forgotten.
	I actually did, purposely. Kept my mind off the fact that I’d be on unemployment soon while seeking new work.
	“Anyway, I couldn’t care less about her. If she wanted her seat and her makeup she should be here to use them.”
	“Speaking of . . .” I gazed through the back curtains and to the stage. “The final scene is starting soon, and it’s not like her to not be in my face bugging me to tighten her corset to push up her breasts before she goes out.”
	Margot glanced my way for only a moment, then went back to playing with the makeup.
	I pushed off the dresser, scanning the backstage area. Where was that girl?
	The stage manager swept into the area with her clipboard. “Lacey, we need you.”
	Before I could say anything, she grabbed my hand. Margot followed us to the women’s backstage bathrooms. When the manager opened the bathroom door, I had to cover my mouth. The air was putrid, and I had to choke back my nausea. The ralphing noises didn’t have to tell me what the cause of the smell was. 
I pointed to the stall that the gagging noises came from. “Is that who I think it is?”
	The manager nodded, her expression uneasy.
	I stepped to the closed stall and knocked twice. “Julie?”
	My call was met with gags and chokes.
	The manager shook her head. “Lacey, you’re the only understudy available.”
	My head shot her way. “What about Alice?”
	“She’s the first understudy to Sarah, who’s on vacation. Alice is already on stage.”
	“Deb?”
	“No go. Sick.”
	I listened to the noises coming from the stall, hoping they weren’t the sounds of an actual stomach bug. This girl was known for sticking a few fingers down her throat from time to time, so maybe we just caught her doing her thing. I knocked again. “Julie? Are you really that sick, hun? Can you pull it together, or is it a lost cause?”
	More choking and purging.
	“Lacey, there’s no time. We have to get you geared up.” The manager grabbed my hand again.
	This didn’t make sense. Julie never got sick. Like ever. It was like in the girl’s contract, and she made the call to put it in there. And what were the odds of this occurring on the final performance night? She couldn’t just not get sick for another twenty-four hours? I only took the job as third understudy, because even if I didn’t go out I still got paid for it. I never intended to actually be in the show. 
	With a grin, Margot took my other hand. Between the two of them they got me primed up and laced into the soft pink ball gown with white lace trim. My hair up and my piercings out, I looked like I stepped back in time.
	Two chirps sounded and Margot took out her jewel-covered phone. “Eep! I just got a new client. He’s going to be here soon, and I’m going to meet him in the booth.” She kissed me on the cheek. “I’m going to be watching you from up there. Break a leg, girl.”
	As she rushed off, I grabbed her arm. “Margot, please tell me you had nothing to do with Julie.” She never did explain what her “mission” was, and with all that dreamer talk, all signs of suspicion definitely pointed her way.
	She took a pink flower from Julie’s arrangement and tucked it into the brown curls of my bun. “Escape reality for just one night. I’ll see you at the cast party.”
	She pushed me off toward the bright lights of the stage, and the last thing I heard her say was: “head out.”


Chapter Three
Drake

	I sat in silence, listening to the hums of my red Jaguar convertible with the top up. Derrick advised we take my car, but he also insisted on driving it. Something about it being one of his lifelong dreams. Right. After he dumped me off, I was about ninety percent sure he was going to pawn it. If not that, then chop the car up and send the scraps he didn’t sell—along with one of my fingers—to my parents. The whole thing would be some sick way of letting them know what happened to me.
	In my peripheral, I could see the grin he started when he got behind the wheel still shining on his face.
	What a sick bastard.
	I sat in silence for a few more minutes, but waiting to see where we were going drove me to the edge of my patience. I wasn’t one for uncomfortable silences if I had questions that needed to be answered. In the world I came from, if I wanted to know something I was told immediately, and I wouldn’t make any exceptions here. I didn’t care who this guy was, or where he came from.
	“You know, I’m the type of guy that hates surprises,” I said, gazing his way.
	Ignoring me, he played with some of the buttons on the car’s dash while still sporting his grin. I swear it was like this guy was a kid in a candy store. I didn’t understand why he was getting attached if he was just going to sell my ride later. 
Ignoring him, I went on. “I’m serious. I can’t even go to a movie without looking up the spoilers before I go. I start books only after I’ve read the last chapter. Hell, my parents haven’t given me a surprise party where I was actually surprised since I was three. And, well, that was because I was three . . . and stupid.”
Finally taking his focus off the car and to the guy he’d been in the car with for the last some-odd minutes, he looked over at me. “What are you going on about, man?”
The henchman speaks. “I want answers. Information.”
His eyebrows narrowed. “Information?”
	I eyed him like he was an idiot. “Yeah. I mean, the scene has been set: creepy guy requesting to drive my car.” I gestured toward him. “Driving by the dankest areas of town in the night . . .” I said, pointing out the window. “. . . near a lake. I’m not one for thrillers, but it all seems clear. I just need you to confirm the fact, so I can wrap my head around it, then devise my next move.”
	He shook his head. “Sorry. I don’t follow.”
	This guy was really going to make me say it. “You’re going to kill me. You drove me out here so you could kill me, then hide my body, and maybe call my father first about a ransom. Well, I wouldn’t bother. My mom would push him to help, but he probably wouldn’t. I know my father, and he doesn’t respond well to threats.” 
I actually got that trait from him . . . and my mouth. Most likely the reason for how I got myself in this predicament in the first place. “Not to mention he’s the biggest nickel dick on the planet, so if you’re trying to con money out of him by using me, you’re wasting your time.” 
	He stared at me for a long moment before he busted out in laughter.
	He really was a sick bastard. “I don’t believe I said anything funny, and I don’t respond well to being laughed at.”
	He brushed his dark fingers underneath his eyes for the tears. “Sorry for laughing, man, but you’re a trip. You actually thought I was going to kill you?”
	“You’re not?”
	Finally composing himself, he said, “I’m not one for thrillers either, but I don’t think the murderer would drive the victim’s car to the busiest part of town to murder him.”
	Confused, I stared out the window. Driving down the street, one of Chicago’s most prestigious sections, the Magnificent Mile, came into view. The lights from buildings, shopping centers, and restaurants lit the air, and pedestrians strolled in the midst of it all.
	“So you’re not going to kill me?” I asked, raising an eyebrow.
	He chuckled. “No, man. I’m taking you to see Margot. She works at a theater downtown. And why would I kill the guy who impressed the hell out of Tyrone?”
	My brows shot up. “I did what?”
	“You impressed Ty. What? You didn’t know?”
	I shook my head.
	He gave a short laugh. “You’re still breathing, aren’t you? And he gave you Margot. That’s his personal dealer, son. He was trying to do you a solid.”
	I sat up, impressed by even myself. I got in with those guys, and if I got back from my drug run to Father’s event before it wrapped up, I’d win the bet with my sister. Not bad for one night of fun. 
	“Hey, don’t get too cocky, kid. I would still avoid Ty if going down a dark alley. But just know that if he saw you during the day in that alley you’d live to see another one.”
	I guess I’d take what I could get. 
	Finally at ease, I sat back for the last few minutes of our ride. When we got to the theater the marquee was lit up with show lights, but no one was outside. The audience was mostly likely still inside enjoying the show judging by the hour. Most curtain calls hit a little later at the shows I’d been to.
	Derrick took us around the block and pulled us into a lot behind the building where a bunch of cars were parked.
	“We’ll take the cast entrance. Margot doesn’t usually do any dealings here, but Tyrone’s like family to her, so she makes exceptions. She texted that she’d leave the door open.”
	Nodding, I followed him to the back door. Once inside, the raised voices from a stage performance could be heard. I recognized a few of the words and realized I’d seen the production before. This show ended with a big musical number by a single actress soon judging by the lines I heard. It was a pretty good song.
	Taking me up a darkened stairwell, Derrick stopped at a door. He knocked once, and a dirty blonde with rainbow-tipped braids opened up. 
Grinning brightly, she gave Derrick a hug. “Squee! Derrick, wait until you see!”
My jaw dropped open. She was the happiest drug lord—or I guessed I should have said, drug lady—I’d ever seen. Not that I’d seen any, but I didn’t expect this girl at all.
Pulling away from Derrick, she saw me. “And you must be the client.” She shook my hand. 
I nodded in a daze.
“Well, come in, and step into my office. Let’s do some business.”
Derrick and I followed her inside the booth. There were laptops and soundboards on a table with a panoramic view of the stage.
“Boys, you can take your break now. I can handle things.” Margot gestured to the two guys at the table. 
I pointed behind myself after they left. “Shouldn’t they be here to run things?”
She brushed off my comment. “This place pretty much runs itself with the computers. We’re not a huge theater, and I can handle it. I have before.”
I guess I’d take her word for it.
“Anyway,” she said, clapping her hands together once. “What can I interest you in, and how much of it?”
I wasn’t going to pretend like I knew what to order. This was far above speaking into a prompter at McDonalds. I glanced Derrick’s way for help.
He patted my shoulder. “Kid’s new to the game. Pretty open though, I’d say?” He looked my way for confirmation.
I nodded. 
“Well, excellent. I have a few of my specialties on me, but if it’s not to your liking I can get you something else. You can’t try anything up here, though, for obvious reasons. If you want a sample, we’ll have to reconvene another day.”
“I’m sure whatever you have is fine,” I said. I was open. Derrick was right.
“Brilliant.” Margot went to the back corner of the booth, and rummaged around in a large multi-colored shoulder bag.
As I watched her a voice perked my ears, distracting me. It wasn’t just a voice, though. Someone was singing, and they were doing it beautifully. 
I walked over to the panoramic view. I’d heard these words before. After all, I had seen the show, but the actress singing then wasn’t like this. And hearing this voice, I discovered the one I’d first heard didn’t do the song justice. 
Taking a seat, I watched the girl. Dressed in a long, pink ball gown, she gazed at the crowd during her song. Even from far away, I could still study every element of her. Sparkling doe eyes, rich caramel skin, and chocolate-colored curls that hinted a hazel coloring with the way the spotlight shined on her. She wore a soft pink flower in her hair. The small touch complemented her well.
The words of her song wisped about the room; her voice like an angel.
“Who’s that girl?” I didn’t really know to whom I asked my question. I didn’t really care. I just wanted an answer.
“That’s what I was trying to tell you, Derrick.” Margot sat next to me. “The lead fell ill, and she got into the show.” 
Derrick came up on my other side. Crossing his arms, he nodded his head. “Go ‘cus.”
I glanced up at him. “Your cousin?”
“Yep. Great, isn’t she?”
I gazed back as she ended her song. The audience cheered, then gave her a standing ovation.
“Exquisite,” I said, staring at her as she bowed. “What’s her name?”
“Lacey,” Derrick said.
A small smile formed in the corner of my mouth.
“So. . .” Margot swiveled in her chair toward me. “Check out the stuff, and let me know what you think.”
She passed me a few bags. I couldn’t really listen to her descriptions with the way the song still radiated in my head. I could have been buying something that would kill me in two seconds flat, and I wouldn’t have known it.
“After we’re done here, Derrick, you should come to the cast party at my house,” Margot said.
He chuckled. “Your house? They’re letting you have it there? In the ghetto?”
She pushed his shoulder. “Whatever. But if you must know it’s not the official cast party. Only the stiffs go to that one. The cool kids come to mine.”
“Right. Can I get in even though I’m not part of the show?”
“It’s my party, and I say who goes.”
“Will Lacey be there?” I asked, trying to act nonchalant by studying the drug bags.
“Um, yeah. She usually comes,” she said. “Why?”
Apparently, I wasn’t discreet enough. “No reason. Just wondering.”
She was silent after I said that, but I didn’t dare look up for her response. “So . . .” she asked after moment. “See anything that tickles your fancy?” 
“Actually, no.” I finally looked up.
She leaned back. “No? I thought you’ve never bought before. How do you even know I don’t have what you want?”
“It’s not that. I just want more of what you have. You don’t have enough of . . .” I grabbed a random bag. “This one.”
She picked up the bag. “Nice choice. You can take this tonight. I can get more, then we can reschedule for your next buy.”
“I’d kind of like it tonight,” I rushed out.
“Really?”
“Yeah,” I said, leaning back casually. “I’m having a party. Friends will want something to smoke.”
She nodded once. “Well, why don’t you come to the party with Derrick? I can hook you up.”


Chapter Four
Lacey

“You invited your buyer to the party?” I asked, sliding on my Rolling Stones tee over my black bra. The sleeves were cut off and the hemline rose just above my belly button, but with it still being summer I felt the fitted tee was suitable attire for the party. 
Margot took a jean skirt out of her dresser, then pulled the material up her thighs. “I didn’t have a choice. He’s offering a pretty big buy, and he needed it tonight. I couldn’t turn down that opportunity.”
Sitting on her bed, I pulled on my tan-colored moccasins. “But we agreed to a clean party tonight.” 
One thing about Margot’s parties was they could get pretty wild very fast. And tonight was about enjoying our final performance of the season with our stage friends. Not all of them were from this side of town, and the ones that weren’t, I didn’t want to feel uncomfortable.
“I know, and it will be. I promise. He’s not sampling. I stressed that.”
Shaking my head, I pulled on my silver bangles. 
She plopped down on the bed. “Hey? I promised. Clean. I know how it bugs you, and I respect that.”
I could never fool Margot. She knew the clean party wasn’t just for the benefit of our friends.
She hugged me around my shoulders as I nibbled on my lip ring’s backing. “Shake out of it, girl. The star of the show needs to be the star tonight, and celebrities always keep up their appearances in front of their underlings.”
I smirked. “You know what you did was bogus to that girl.”
She grinned diabolically.
“But I’ll never be able to repay you.” I hugged her back.
“Squee! I knew you’d love it. And don’t mention it.”
I held up my finger. “But you better never do that again, especially for my benefit. Backstage help is a fine job, and I enjoy it.”
She let go of my shoulders. “Enjoyed it. And speaking of, have you found a replacement job yet?”
With the economy being the way it was, I hadn’t. Which wasn’t good since I had Mama. “I’m going to have to go on unemployment for a while, and with Mama’s disability we’ll be okay for at least a few weeks.”
“Have you considered the idea I had?”
I watched her go to her top dresser drawer. “What? The nanny job? I don’t know, Margot. I mean I’m a certified sitter and all, but I’ve never done an extensive nanny job before.”
She changed from her band tee into a long cream tunic. “Doesn’t matter. You’ve been babysitting professionally since you were fifteen, and now that you’re eighteen and out of school you can nanny for the rich bitches. I say go for it.”
“I just don’t know about the hours. I need flexibility. Mama can’t stay by herself all day.”
“Don’t you get it? If you work for the Desperate Housewives of Chicago you’ll be making enough to hire a caretaker for your mama during the day. And make enough to take care of her medical expenses.”
I didn’t consider that.
“And with all that extra you could . . . You know?” She nudged the air with her arm.
I collapsed back on her bed. “Would you stop with all that dreamer talk? It just exhausts me.” 
She pulled my arms, making me stand. “You’re not talking enough for the both of us. Somebody’s got to keep our dreams alive.” 
She fluffed out my long brown curls, and I straightened her blonde braids.
When we got out to the living room of her apartment the party had already started. Margot had an open house policy during the cast’s end of the season party. People just came in and had a good time. We were all family in the neighborhood. Half the time the people who came in off the street were the most fun. 
“I’m going to check around for the buyer,” she said in my ear.
I nodded, and mingled around the space. Margot’s place was pretty spacious. She had one of the bigger apartments in the building. Her living room was bigger than the one at Mama’s and my place. Margot’s business allowed her a few perks.
When I came across two boys in their bagging jeans and Rocawear tees sitting on the couch, I plopped myself down between them. Not seeing who it was, they didn’t hide their liquor fast enough.
With a sigh, the underage boys handed off their beer bottles to me. 
“Thanks, boys,” I said, pushing off the couch.
“Dang, Lacey. You’re no fun,” one of the pretend thugs said from behind me.
They’d thank me later; maybe not tonight, but eventually.
I deposited the bottles in Margot’s trash bin, then put my hands on my hips. Seeing some new arrivals, I decided to help Margot out by retrieving the chips and soda they brought for the party. 
“Nice job tonight, Lacey.” One of the actors who played a duke in the show handed me a bag of Doritos, then kissed my cheek.
“Yeah, much better than Julie,” said the blonde actress with him as she gave me her two liter of pop. 
I smiled. “I don’t know about that.”
“Modest as always. That’s why we love you. See you around.” the guy with the blonde said.
After they left me, I dropped off the food items in the kitchen. When I came back to the living room, I received more recognition and pats on the back. I guess a star’s life did have its highlights. Feeling completely overwhelmed, I decided to head up to the roof for some air. There were actually a few people up there already by the overlook of the street. Joining them, I leaned up against the brick. Eventually they left, and I was by myself. I watched the street for a while. The sounds of cars passing by occasionally met my ears as I witnessed more people entering downstairs. There was some arguing across the street that took my attention. It sounded like it was getting pretty heated. The couple lived in the building across from Margot’s, and their disagreement came from their window on the third floor as their silhouettes moved behind the curtains. 
As I listened to the noise die down, I thought about other neighborhoods. Thought about if it would ever be normal to not hear those traffic noises. Those arguments. 
Dreamer talk. Wasted thoughts. I needed to stop listening to Margot so much. She was starting to rub off, and I didn’t have time for the backlash of those wasted thoughts.
Flicking off some red specks from the brick, I sought other ones.
“Hey, there.”
“Hey . . .” My instinctual salutation awkwardly trailed off as I watched a guy join me by the brick.
Of Asian descent, he gazed at me with a set of mahogany eyes and was the epitome of tall, dark, and handsome with his strong features. He was dressed in a white-collared shirt and black slacks. The unusual tightness of the outfit outlined his long, lean body. He was muscular, but not huge. Like a swimmer. I’d ask him why his outfit was so tight if I cared about the fact that it was so tight. I didn’t care, so I didn’t ask.
As those warm-colored eyes studied me standing there, he smiled. He had a smile that had to have broken more than one heart, and rather shamefully, the expression currently played with mine.
“I’m glad I found you. I was looking all over for you,” he said.
His voice was deep; sultry. Velvety smooth, the tone wrapped around his words like a blanket, and it took me a second to think about what he said. 
I blinked once. “You were looking for me?” Did I know him? I doubted I’d ever forget a handsome face like his. 
Running his finger along the edge of the brick overlook, he nodded. “Yeah. I saw you perform tonight. Couldn’t take my eyes off you.”
“Oh really?” I played it off like his cheesy line didn’t affect me, but the leap of my heart gave me away.
“Really.” He cocked his head to the side.
“So you were an attendee of the show this evening? Didn’t think I’d seen you before.”
That would explain his dress shirt and slacks. This was common attire to attend a show in. That fact didn’t explain the tightness, though. Maybe he was just one of those guys who enjoyed wearing tight clothing because they had the body to rock it. Whatever the case, there were no complaints from me.
“Indeed I was.”
He moved just a bit closer to me. I pretended not to notice, but the nibbling on my lip ring displayed that I had.
“First time?” I asked, watching his proximity.
“I’ve seen the show before, but this was my first time seeing it in that particular theater.” 
He didn’t move this time. Perhaps, he noticed he made me nervous. I could’ve kicked myself.
“New to town then? Our theater is pretty well-known despite its size.”
He gave a deep, throaty laugh. “Yes, I am new to it all. And because of that fact, I know nothing about you. This disappoints me.”
“Does it now?”
“Yes. It does. I want to know everything about the girl who sang like an angel on that stage tonight.”
My cheeks heated, and my eyes flickered away. Was it like this for all the stars of a show? Because if it was, I didn’t know if I could handle being a celebrity. This guy was melting me like freaking butter.
“Tell me about yourself. I want to know everything.”
“Everything, huh? Don’t know if you’d like everything.”
“Try me. I’m pretty open to new things tonight.”
“Well . . .” I nibbled the backing of my lip ring during my pause, trying to figure out where to start. “I hail from Cicero. Well, just north of it.”
Sucking in a breath, he cringed.
I leaned back in response to his surprise. “Not to your liking?”
He tilted his head from side to side. “I guess I’ve just heard things.”
I gave a short laugh. “Well, not all of it’s true. You just have to surround yourself with the right people.”
At that point, he didn’t hide the fact that he moved closer. Using the back of his fingers, he brushed them against my hand. The action sent chills throughout my skin. 
“What else?” he asked, staring at my flesh that held goose pimples.
“Uh . . .” I let out a breath. I wasn’t used to guys being so forward around me, but I had no intention of telling him to stop. “I live with my Mama.”
He glanced up from my hand with an arched eyebrow. “Mama, huh?” His deep tone peaked on the word “mama.” “Interesting term.”
I gave a short laugh. “I take it that’s not what you call yours?”
He shook his head, smiling. “Nope. Just Mom.”
“Your dad?”
“Father.”
His word was short and clipped for some reason when he said that.
“Yours?” he asked.
“Not in the picture enough to have developed a name. It’s just been me and Mama for a while. We take care of each other. Me more so now that I’m out of school.” I didn’t hesitate when talking about my dad. I didn’t feel ashamed. My words were facts, nothing more.
Studying his own fingers against my skin, he didn’t push what I stated about my dad. Perhaps, he understood not to. Watching him, I nibbled my lip ring.
“I like that lip ring of yours.”
“You do, huh?” God, he was so direct. Holy heck, I had to watch myself around this guy.
“Mmmhmm, especially when you bite it. It’s like you’re nervous or something. Do I make you nervous?”
He ran his fingers from my hand and up my arm. He stopped at my elbow, brushing it gently.
My breath caught in my throat. “No, I’m not nervous.” Clearly a lie, but I thought the word came out casually. I shrugged. “It’s just a tick. A habit. You’d bite it too if you had one.”
He laughed his deep laugh again. “Oh, really?”
“Yeah. They’re fun to play with.” I bit down on it. “To suck.” I sucked on it.
His brows shot up, and the brushing of his fingers froze on my elbow. I guess he was the one who was nervous now.
“You should get one. If anything to give yourself something to do when you’re bored. Excellent entertainment.” I sucked down on it a little harder.
He breathed in deep. “You’re making me want to go out and get one right now.”
I let go of the ring when he checked his watch. Did he have someplace to be? The caving feeling in my chest surprised me. I didn’t even know this guy. Why was I so let down that he had to leave?
“I think,” he said, gazing up from his watch, “I’m going to ask you out now. We’ve been chatting for a few minutes. Seems safe.”
The feeling let up instantly, and I chuckled. “You don’t even know my name. Nor do I know yours.”
He pulled me toward him by my elbow. “Exactly why we need more time to discuss such matters.”
He tugged me so close I was able to rest my hand on his chest. He was firm, really firm.
“What do you say?”
Forcing my focus off the hard panes of his body, I met his eyes. “I think that can be arranged.”
“Good.” He slid his hand up to my forearm. “Now that’s settled, I have to get something else out of the way. It’s been bugging me our entire chat, and I need to fix it.”
“What?”
He watched his own hand as it ventured to my neck. His fingers played with the baby curls at the base of my scalp. “Dates take planning. Time. And I can’t wait even twenty-four hours, hell, the next minute, to fix the problem that’s been bugging me.”
“What’s been bugging you? Can I help you fix it?” I asked, watching his lips draw in close.
When he gave a half-smile, his lips parted. The action exposed his tongue, and sent my body swimming in heat. “I think you can, angel of song.”
I didn’t have time to take in another breath before his mouth moved over mine. He wasn’t aggressive, and savored my lips like he couldn’t get enough. 
When I parted my lips, he didn’t hold back from the invitation. My tongue danced over his, and a burst of his scent filled my nose. His skin so close to mine, smelled of juniper and various spices. The pure ecstasy the concoction created made me groan.
His hand went to my bare midriff, and he pulled my body even closer to his. He didn’t stop there, though. He caressed my body with his fingers as if studying every part of me; analyzing my skin and discovering the new territory I welcomed him to have.
Eventually, his hand lay flat against my stomach and his thumb brushed over my bellybutton ring. He seemed to like it, because he didn’t stop his thumb from gently caressing it. 
To suppress a moan, I nibbled his lips. When I did this, he nibbled mine back. His kiss became more urgent and soon my lip ring became his new fascination as he toyed with it.
“You’re right. It is fun to play with,” he said, tongue flicking the stud.
I now, officially, would have let this nameless guy take me against the roof if he wanted. 
After a few more flicks on my ring, he kissed his way down to my neck. His hand moved on from my stomach and covered lower back. He pulled my waist to him like my body was made to fit in his hand.
I panted, gripping my fingers against his chest.
“Ahem.”
I heard the voice, but was far from caring about it. I slipped my arms around the guy’s waist and brought him in closer. He didn’t seem to have heard the voice and kept on against my neck.
“Ahem.” 
The voice was louder, and I knew it was Margot. Couldn’t she see I was busy? 
The guy’s tongue peeked out and ran at an angle up my neck. “I think we’re supposed to stop.”
“No, it’s fine. If we ignore her long enough she’ll go away,” I breathed.
“We can wait.” Stopping his lick, he gave me a single kiss on my neck. “No rush.” His heated breath brushed against my skin just before he pulled away. He ran his fingers against my jaw. “I fully intend on continuing this.”
Unable to contain it, I let out a fit of nervous giggles.
Margot approached us, hand at her mouth to hold in her laugher. After she composed herself, she wrapped her arm around mine. “I see you found my girl here,” she said.
I frowned. Had she met this guy before?
He smiled. “I did. Thankfully, it didn’t take too long. Sorry I wandered away, but I had to look for her. Couldn’t resist after I saw her on stage tonight.”
Wandered away? What did he mean by that?
“I figured since you just had to come here so urgently tonight after finding out she’d be here.” Laughing, Margot dropped her arm from mine, then turned my way. “Well, I’m sorry, hon, but this guy and I have some business to attend to. I’ll make sure to bring him back quickly, though.” She winked at me.
As soon as she said the word “business,” my heart skyrocketed into my throat. Staring at the guy, he didn’t seem to notice what I found off about Margot’s statement. I held up my finger. “I’ll be right back. I have to talk with her for a minute.”
Not waiting for his response, I whipped Margot around by her shoulder and left the roof. I waited until we were on the stairwell before I let her go. “Please tell me that is not your client up there?” 
“Um, is this a trick question? I just said we had business. Why do you want me to lie to you about it?”
I dropped my head in hands. No. No. No. He can’t possibly be into that stuff. No. No.
Margot put her hand on my shoulder. “Hey, Lacey, what’s up?”
Throwing my head back, I whimpered in frustration. “Margot, you know I can’t be with a guy who’s into that.” 
Her mouth made a small “o.” “Oh, yeah. Well, fuck. I’m so sorry, Lacey. Wow. That’s some shitty luck.”
I collapsed onto the stairs, running my fingers into my curls. “I just don’t understand. He seemed so strait-laced. I never would have thought that about him.”
Margot sat next to me. “I hate to break it to you, girl, but even strait-laced guys like to smoke weed.”
I shook my head, refusing to let the issue go. “But you don’t understand, Margot. We meshed so well together.” Obviously, since I didn’t let just any guy shove his tongue down my throat within minutes of meeting him. “I can usually sense these things, and this guy just doesn’t fit the bill. I just don’t understand.”
She didn’t say anything, and I looked up. Sitting with her hands in her lap, she played restlessly with her fingers. When I saw the uneasy look on her face, I knew something was off.
“What is it?” 
Glancing my way, she rubbed her arm with an anxious expression. “Derrick brought him to me.”
My eyes blazed. “Derrick? My cousin Derrick?” I was going to kill him for dropping one of the sexiest guys I’d ever met into my life only to find out he was a druggy.
“Yeah, and I get what you’re saying about the type. When Derrick brought him to me, he said the guy had never even bought before.”
My eyebrows shot up. 
“You should have seen him when I showed him my stash, Lacey. He looked at it like he’d never even seen product before.”
I grabbed her shoulders with so much force that she almost lost her balance. “You’re telling me that you’re selling massive quantities of weed to an innocent.” I gritted through my teeth.
She gave a crooked smile. “Money is money, honey.”
Has she no shame! “Well, you can’t. I refuse to let you.”
“You can’t ask me to do that, Lacey. I’ve done nothing wrong. It’s your guy who’s got the issue. His decision to buy has nothing to do with me. I’m just the source. Don’t punish me.”
I dropped my hands from her shoulders. “Where did Derrick even find this guy?”
“It was actually Ty’s referral. He texted me that the guy was going to come. Derrick was just the delivery boy.”
My nostrils flared. “Ty? Got-too-much-power-and-not-enough-brain-cells-to-use-it Ty?” That creep asked me out his fair share of times. Needless to say, I wasn’t interested. The guy was into way too much trouble for my tastes.
“The very one. But watch it, he’s like family.”
“You don’t have to like all your family.”
“Regardless, he is.”
“Well, how would he come across a clean-cut guy like the one on the roof? Lord knows it wasn’t in our neck of the woods. You should have seen his face when I told him where I was from, Margot. A guy like that doesn’t normally set foot on the West Side.”
She shrugged her shoulders, but then stopped and snapped her fingers once. “I got it. Ty just got a job in the North Shore at a country club.”
“The North Shore? Why is Ty working out there?”
“Two words: it pays. He works on kitchen staff, and I bet you that’s where he met that guy.”
Groaning, I dropped my head between my knees.
Margot put her hand on my shoulder. “I’m sorry to break it to you, Lacey, but it looks like Ty might have picked up a stray.”


Chapter Five
Drake

 When I rested my wrist on the brick ledge, I refused to look at the Fossil watch on it again. I was going to lose the bet, and there wasn’t a point in looking at it anymore. I wasn’t going to lose because I wouldn’t be able to make it on time. The loss would be because I no longer cared about making it on time. Truth be told, if I hoofed it, the Jag would get me there in the time allotted. But when choosing between going back to my father’s fundraiser for a quick buck and staying at the party longer to get to know Lacey the choice was simple. She looked crushed when she saw me check my watch in front her, like it ached her to watch me leave her. Thinking up a quick excuse, I made that horrible look go away. I was going to ask her out anyway, so the proposal just seemed natural.
I could still feel her on my lips, her scent of cherries with a hint of warm vanilla burning in my nose. Her taste was exotic and light; equally enticing just like her song voice. 
And seeing her from far away was one thing, but up close a guy could barely form his next sentence. Her hair was elegant when wrapped up on stage, but released and natural, she looked like a mouthwatering Amazon princess; absolutely wild and free. Her caramel skin glowed and those chocolate eyes took me as their prisoner. And when I saw her nibbling on that lip ring of hers, I surprised myself by how long I was able to resist kissing her. She didn’t wear the accessory on stage, and it was a pleasant surprise. Even more so was the bellybutton ring on that perfect torso of hers. The thoughts of other piercings on her body came to mind, and I’d make it my personal mission to explore her body for the answer. 
I couldn’t understand why she intrigued me so. Perhaps, it was because she was so different from what I was surrounded with every day. She was different, but amazing.
The scraping of rocks sounded behind me. When I turned, she was back. I met her before she could make the journey to me and put my hand to her cheek. I fully intended on picking up where we left off. I was never one to bluff.
Tilting her chin, I moved in for the kill, but she turned her head.
After the intense moment we just had, the denial was so unexpected that I didn’t make sense of it at first. When she grabbed my hand with both of hers, pulling it from her chin, I was no longer confused that I was being rejected. But the reason for it couldn’t have baffled me more.
“What is it?” I asked her, my hand still in both of her small ones.
She let out a breath. “I’ve um, discovered something.”
“You’ve discovered something?”
“Yeah, about you, and I don’t know if I can get past it.”
My first thought was that she found out my identity, but I didn’t see the reason why she would withdraw from me because of it. I decided to play oblivious. “Okay. Well, whatever it is, I’m sure we can work it out.” 
The words came out calm, but my insides were anything but.
“I know you’re buying drugs from Margot, and I’m not exactly okay with that.”
I tried to keep my surprise from reflecting across my face. “You’re not?”
When she shook her head, her brown curls flowed in the summer breeze. “I’m not into that kind of thing, and I can’t date somebody who is.”
If I wasn’t surprised before I was now. “You don’t smoke?”
When she looked up at me, her expression read insult. “Did you assume that I did?”
I actually had. She didn’t seem like the type of girl who cared to stay away from that kind of stuff. Like I said before, she was completely exotic to me; wild and free. “I guess I did. I mean, most people our age do.” 
I thought it best not to tell her the truth. I didn’t want to piss her off that I misjudged her.
“Oh,” was all she said, but she didn’t look mad. 
The relief set in immediately. If that was her only issue then I saw no problem here. I never bought drugs anyway, and when I took hits it was rare. If she didn’t want me to buy I wouldn’t.
I raised my hand. When her fingers fell from it, I ran my thumb along her bottom lip. “That’s not a problem. If you don’t want me to buy—”
She lifted her hand, cutting me off. “Before you say anything about that part, I have something else I want to talk to you about.”
I exhaled a breath to relieve the anxiety building inside my chest. That wasn’t her only issue. “Okay.”
She grabbed my hand again from her face. But this time, she didn’t keep it in hers. She let it go, and we both dropped our hands to our sides. “I found out that Ty referred you to Margot.”
“All right.” My words implied a question, confused by where this was going.
“Did you meet him in the North Shore?”
“Yes,” I said, unable to lie to her. I didn’t see any reason to. Why did the fact that I live in the North Shore matter?
She nodded once. “You met him there because you work with him.”
“Not exactly.”
That was when she took a step back. “How is it exactly? How did you meet him?”
I put my hands in the pockets of Omar’s tight uniform pants. “I met him in a game of poker.”
“In the North Shore.”
“Correct.”
“The only place Ty goes in the North Shore is his job at the country club. Did you meet him there?”
Her words were really tense this time around. Why was she upset? Again, I didn’t see the point in lying to her so I said, “I did.”
“So how is it that you were at a country club if you don’t work there?”
“My parents are members there.”
“Which makes you a member there,” she said stiffly.
“Yes.”
“And you live there in the North Shore, because you belong to a country club in the North Shore.”
“Yes.”
It was at that point that she left me and went to the brick overlook. I walked over to her side. Leaning against the brick, I studied her expression. Her eyebrows were knitted tight as she studied the traffic below. 
“I don’t understand why me being from the North Shore is an issue with you,” I said. And I really didn’t. There were definitely worse places to be from than one of the richest areas in the state. Did she have an aversion to the area or something? I’d yet to hear anything bad about the place.
She didn’t say anything for a few moments before she spoke. “It’s not that you’re from the North Shore that bothers me. It’s what you’re doing here.”
“I don’t understand.”
She turned, crossing her arms. “Being from that area, I’m assuming you have everything you want in life, yet you ended up at a poker game with a guy who’s the definition of bad news. I’m sure you knew that while playing with him. He doesn’t hide it.”
I opened my mouth, but she didn’t let me speak.
“So the way I see it, the only reason you put yourself in a sketchy situation where you have no monetary gain was because you were looking for something other than money; a thrill. A chance to hang out with the thugs and pretend to be one of them.”
“Whoa.” I held up my hand to halt further attacks. “You’re dangerously close to stepping over the line here. You don’t know a thing about me, so don’t pretend like you do.”
She stepped closer to me, not looking a bit intimidated and ready to speak her mind again. I wasn’t used to people talking to me whatever way they saw fit, and I didn’t like it. “I don’t need to pretend. I see right through you. Poor privileged guy who walks all over what his parents provided for him. Who’d put himself in danger because he couldn’t care less about a life that most people would kill to have; do kill to have by hustling for it every day.”
“That’s enough.”
“No, I don’t think it is. I suggest you take a step back and take a long, hard look at your life. Because if you think this grass is greener,” she said, gesturing to the street, “and worth risking everything your parents have worked hard for you to have, then there’s something deep going on inside you that you better fix before you mess up your life so badly that you’ll be begging for what you had before.”
I only blinked, and she left my side. Before she went out the door she turned around. “Go home, and don’t you dare buy any drugs.”
The door slammed behind her when she left.


Chapter Six
Lacey

	“God, Lacey, what did you do?”
	Gazing up at Margot as she stood by her bedroom door, I stopped stuffing my stage bag. I was packing up so I could leave the party. I just didn’t feel like being there anymore after what happened on the roof. “What are you talking about?”
	“The guy. He wants to buy like serious quantities of my stuff.”
	I groaned in frustration. “I told him not to buy anything.” I fell back on Margot’s bed, laying my arm over my eyes. Maybe I came down on him too hard. Now, he was deliberately buying just to spite me. God, men were so exhausting. Why couldn’t they just follow simple directions? He didn’t belong here, and he needed to go home before he got himself into trouble.
	“Wow.” She came over and sat beside me. “You told him not to buy anything. Can you tell my other customers not to buy, so I can get me a new ride?”
	I dropped my arm from my face. “This isn’t funny, Margot.”
	Her smile left her. “Sorry. So I’m guessing you tried to convince him not to buy since you knew if he was interested I’d sell to him.”
	“Yeah, and all it did was make him more determined.”
	“Look. I’d love to take one for the team and not sell to him, but I’m not going to deny a grown man from buying. If he says no that’s one thing, but if he’s willing, he’s going to get what he paid for.”
	I pushed myself up on my elbows. “Is he still here?”
	“Yeah. We’re about to close the deal now. Why?”
	Shimmying to the edge of the bed, I fished my phone out of my stage bag.
	“What’s up?”
	“I’ve got a plan,” I said, dialing the non-emergency number. 
	“Okay.”
	“It’s very desperate, and he’ll hate me even more than he does now, but he’s given me no choice.”
	Her brows perked up. “What are you going to do?”
	I put the receiver to my ear, listening to the options. “There’s going to be a lot happening in the next few minutes, but I need you to trust me. You won’t be caught up in it, I promise.”
	Margot touched my arm. “Lacey girl, you’re scaring me. This guy is not your responsibility. Don’t do something you’ll regret.”
	That was the thing, I felt like he was my responsibility. Mostly because I cared about him, which was crazy because I didn’t even know his name. And after tonight, I knew I never would. It was a sacrifice I was willing to make, though. He didn’t belong here, and after tonight, he’d know it.
	I pressed the button and the automated voice directed me to the cops. Listening to the ring, I looked over at Margot. “Tell him that I’ve reconsidered and that I’m sorry for what I said. Then tell him to meet me out front in five minutes.”


Chapter Seven
Drake

	“Man, that is one seriously large bag of weed.” Derrick stared in wonder as I shoved the stash into my dress pants.
	“We party hard where I come from,” I said, standing up to adjust the hefty bulge of green in the tight pocket.
	Derrick stood as well. “Well, I guess so. Never would have thought that about you Richie Riches up there.”
	The fact of the matter was if I brought this into the country club I could imagine there would be a free for all. Stuff like this and of this magnitude was hard to come by when under mommy and daddy’s watchful eye; exactly why I planned to dump it after I dropped Derrick off tonight. Those kids didn’t need it anymore than I did. I never intended to smoke what I actually bought. I was no more a pothead than a guy who lived in the West Side. I only bought it to piss Lacey off since I knew word would eventually get back to her that I bought it. She had some nerve telling me what to do like she had some say in my life. I got enough of that from my parents and didn’t need it from her. The way the situation panned out was a damn shame, too. We probably could have had a really good time together. As I stopped adjusting my pants in thought, I knew we would have. That spark we had on the roof was amazing. The girl intrigued the hell out of me, and I wanted to explore that. My expression went tight. Too bad she had to be crazy.
	My thoughts regained focus as Margot came into the room. 	Dipping into my other pocket, I took out my wallet. 
	She watched as I put a few of my last remaining hundreds into her palm, and as she counted the money she had a weird look on her face. I expected to see some type of ecstasy or elation reading across her features. I doubted it was everyday she got a huge buy like this. But the expression she had was tense, uneasy even.
	After pocketing the money, she held out her hand to me. “Pleasure doing business with you. And you have my number if you’d like to do business again.”
	I nodded then turned to Derrick. “Hey, are you coming with me? I can drop you off at home.”
	Derrick made to get up, but Margot crossed in front of him. “He’s going to stay. Got to talk to him about an order Ty just texted in.”
	Derrick’s eyebrows narrowed, then he reached into his pocket. “He didn’t mention anything to me.” He thumbed through his phone.
	Margot’s expression went tight. “That’s because he just phoned it in.”
	I raised my eyebrow. “Okay, well I guess I’ll see you around then, Derrick.” I waved him off.
	I left the room and headed into the party. Before I could make it very far, Margot stopped me.
	“Hey, Lacey wants to see you.”
	Both eyebrows went up now. “I highly doubt that after what happened between us upstairs. Anyway, I couldn’t care less about seeing her.” 
	Clearly lies, but I didn’t know what game the drug lady was trying to pull. I stepped off before I could question the validity of her statement. 	
	Cutting me off, she stood in front of me. “No, I’m serious. She feels terrible about what happened. She’s a complete mess and wanted me to tell you that she’s reconsidered. She wants to meet you outside in five minutes. That was over five minutes ago, so I’m guessing she means now.”
	Now, this got my attention. Lacey felt miserable? I knew we had something strong going on between us upstairs. Obviously, her reservations weren’t enough to keep her away; it made me feel like kind of a badass since she clearly couldn’t resist me.
	Margot smiled, crossing her arms. “I take it that look means you’re going then?”


Chapter Eight
Lacey

	Rubbing my arms, I watched each side of the street from both angles. Thankfully, the street was cleared. I didn’t want to get anyone else caught up in this. My phone beeped, and I took it out of my bag.
	Your guy’s on his way out. Look out for him, Margot’s text said.
	I quickly sent her a response. Did he still buy even though you told him I reconsidered?
	Gripping the phone, I anxiously awaited her reply. I hoped he didn’t. Nothing would have to happen tonight if the purchase didn’t go through. I could cancel the call I made and maybe the two of us could work things out. When my phone flashed, I knew my thoughts were wishful thinking.
	He did, but if it means anything I told him after I sold it to him. 	
Of course she did. I couldn’t be mad at her, though. She had to look out for number one and none of this situation was her fault. It was he who came here from his high life to buy in the first place, and in the end, he bought just to get under my skin. He was petty and immature, two things that could get you killed around here. He needed this lesson, and I was about to give it to him.
	The touch on my arm surprised me, and before I could stop myself, I leaned back into him. He really was right on his way like Margot said.
	“Margot told me you’ve reconsidered. I’m glad.” He ran his finger down my forearm.
	I let him continue touching me because I was weak, because I was selfish and needed that touch. I needed for just one moment to forget what was about to happen, and how after it did, I’d never see him again.
	Gathering my strength, I grabbed his hand as I turned around. Lacing my fingers through his, I studied them. His fingers were so much longer than mine, and I envisioned what those fingers could do. And how long they would take to do it before they sent me over the edge. 
“Actually, I haven’t,” I said, dropping his hand.
He squinted at me in confusion. “What do you mean? I thought you wanted to meet me out here. Margot told me you did.”
“I did. I do. I mean, I just had her say that so I could get you out here.”
“You did? Why?”
I let out a breath. “I just wanted to tell you goodbye, and that I’m sorry for how things turned out. I didn’t want it to be that way.”
“I don’t understand the reason for the goodbye. You don’t have to leave. We can work out whatever issues you still have.”
The fact that he thought I was the one who had the issues was the problem. Looking away, I shook my head.
He titled my chin. “We can work this out, Lacey. Really none of this has to be a big deal.”
I blinked.
He laughed gently. “Yeah, I know your name. I found out at the theater when Derrick took me to meet Margot.”
When he said his words, I was reminded of the reason why he met Margot. I stepped away until his hand left my chin.
 	Sighing, he put his hands in his pockets. “Are you worried about what happened on the roof? I mean, because what you said was harsh, but I’m over it. I’d really like to explore this. I’m willing to get over what happened and start over if you are.”
	I wanted to consider his proposal so badly, but the fact of the matter was we couldn’t move past what was said. We couldn’t because he didn’t understand where I was coming from. To him, this world was a bit of fun, a place to get his weed and maybe some kicks by picking up a local chick. To me, this was life. This was my life and nothing to play around with. I wouldn’t let him play around with me. I wouldn’t be his source of fun, no matter what I felt upstairs.
	“You’re not saying anything.”
	I pushed a long current of air through my nose. “There’s nothing to be said.”
	“What I don’t get is, why? We clearly had a connection going on upstairs. Why can’t you get over the fact that I’m from the North Shore so we can see about it?”
	“I told you. It’s not the fact that you’re from the North Shore—”
	“It’s that you think you know me? That you know my reasons for being here on your side of town?”
	I stared at his mahogany eyes. “And I don’t?”
	With a tense jaw, he let out a breath. “No, you don’t.”
	I glanced away from him.
	“Look.” He stepped up to me and put his hands on my cheeks.
	I couldn’t pull away again. I wanted to, but I just couldn’t. I really was weak.
	“Sometimes things are more complicated than they seem. Sometimes what you see isn’t so black and white.”
	I frowned. What did he mean?
	“Sometimes,” he said, leaning in, “when you’re on the outside looking in things look different. Another person’s life can’t be so simply put when it’s not your own, Lacey.”
	I put my hands on his hips and when I did, I felt the large bag of weed in his pants pocket. Gazing over his shoulder, I saw the officer approach us.
	“And sometimes,” I said, cuffing his wrists until he pulled his hands away from my cheeks, “things are exactly how they look on the outside. Simple. Where people do things because they feel like it. There’s nothing complicated about it. They just do.”
	“Son? Can I speak to you for a moment?”
Dropping his hands from mine, the guy’s attention went to the officer behind him. When he turned back around and looked at me, he didn’t say a word, nor did his expression reflect any hurt. I supposed he had no emotions for me, and at that point, I couldn’t allow myself to have anymore for him.
“Please don’t hate me. I’m just trying to do the right thing.” 
And that was all I could say before turning around and leaving the officer to his duties. I headed home. There was nothing else for me to do here.


Chapter Nine
Drake

Officer Evil Eye had been giving me the eye for the last hour. Lifting and dropping the obscenely large bag of weed on his desk, he sucked at his teeth. He was probably trying to get at the remnants of whatever cow he ate for dinner. By the look of his Big Boy frame, the man looked like he pretty much collected food.
Bored of him, I scanned around the busy downtown precinct in my chair. Watching the men and women in blue was a worse sentence than actually being locked up. It was either watch them eat, or listen to them prattle on about policemen endeavors I couldn’t care less about.
Fun.
Despite the dull action of the room, I tried to focus on it. The activities kept my mind sporadically off Lacey, so I wasn’t thinking about her every second as I sat in my seat. The girl freaking played me, and I let her. I was so infatuated that I didn’t see the signs and let her sucker me. Well, good riddance to her. No girl was worth all this drama. No matter how amazing it felt to be around her, or the pure ecstasy I received just by hearing her voice.
“Most guys who get caught with this much in their possession we don’t even bother bringing here,” said Officer Evil Eye.
With a sigh, I gave him my attention. “Oh, yeah?”
“Yeah.” He picked up the bag and tossed it near me. “They go straight to the big house. Yet, you won’t even see a holding cell for this. Very lucky to have mommy and daddy on your side.”
I smirked, then stared off. “Yeah. Lucky me.”
“Son, you’re still talking to the law. Might want to be mindful of that.”
My eyes flicked his way. “If the law can’t even put me in a holding cell for that.” I pointed to my stash. “I have no fear of the law.”
He sucked on his teeth again. “You kids from the North Shore never learn.”
No. I guess we never did.
“Truman!”
I groaned when I heard my mom’s high-pitched voice. It always went up a few octaves when she panicked. 
Her arms were around me, and I was pulled out of my chair before I could even see her face. All I saw was the brown, tightly secured bun she sported for the event tonight.
“Oh, God, Truman.” She pulled away, her porcelain-like features in straight panic mode as she placed her hands on my cheeks. “How are you? How did they treat you?”
She was worried about how they treated me. I fought myself from laughing. I was asked for my refreshment of choice the minute they discovered my last name. No choice too difficult to obtain. Meanwhile, the officers own options for beverages were that of black coffee and drinking fountain water. I was even offered the chief’s office if I wanted to catch any games on his tube. I passed, though. Didn’t feel up to it.
“Madeline, the boy is fine. Compose yourself. We’re in public.” My father barked from around her. 
She let go of my cheeks as he passed in front of her and got to me. With salt and pepper hair, my father was twenty years my mom’s senior. She was his trophy wife. 
“Did you wreck the car while you were out messing around?” he asked, his trench coat folded over his arm.
“No.” I actually wished I had after he said that.
“To the car,” was all he said to me, then spoke with the officer.
Putting her fringe shawl in her other hand, Mom wrapped her arm around me and led me from the room. I didn’t need to know what Father was staying behind to do. He was closing loose ends and getting the confidentiality details worked out. Like my poker game, being at a place like this wasn’t a new experience. I’d seen a couple of precincts. 
When Mom and I got outside, the navy Bimmer was out front. My sister’s familiar face could be seen from the backseat. I wished they hadn’t brought her. I didn’t like her seeing places like this, being around all the scum. I believed they mostly dragged her along tonight to scare her, a “don’t be like your brother or you could end up here” kind of thing.
I was barely in the car before Adele placed out her hand on the seat, waiting for payment. 
Shaking my head at her, I gave her all I had left in my wallet. “You’ll get the rest tomorrow after I’ve gotten some sleep,” I whispered so Mom wouldn’t hear.
Smiling, she didn’t say a word. She didn’t have to. She knew I was good for it.
“Truman, how could you do this to your father? And on his big night.”
In the car not thirty seconds and Mom already lit into me.
“We’ve barely been in this city a few weeks, and you’re already giving the family a bad name. For once, can you think about anyone else but yourself? There are four members in this family, and you—”
My father came out of the precinct, and she stopped talking instantly. My mom was well aware of the drill.
After the old man got inside and took his seat, we headed out of the West Side and back to the North Shore. 
The car ride remained in eerie silence all the way to the house. 


Chapter Ten
Lacey

	I pulled the receipt off the prescription I picked up for Mama on the way home from the cast party. I didn’t want to stress her out about the price difference since they were out of the generics today. When I opened the apartment door, Mama was lying on her hip in front of the refrigerator. The door to the fridge was open, and she was surrounded by spilled orange juice and randomly displaced cherries that used to be in a bowl inside the refrigerator. 
	I dropped her bag of meds.
	“Mama!” Rushing over to her, I grabbed her arm to help her up.
	“Oh, child, I’m fine. I just had a coughing fit and got stuck here for a few minutes.”
	“What were you doing out of bed?” Putting the frail black woman under my arm, I made my way through the small two-bedroom home.
	She coughed so hard we had to stop for a moment. “I wanted some juice.”
	“That’s what your mini fridge is for.” Damn foolish woman. She was going to get herself hurt. What if I’d been out longer? She’d have been stuck there for God only knew how long.
	“It was out of the juice I like. The one that soothes my throat.”
	“I’ll go out and get you some in the morning. Just don’t leave your bed again.”
I helped her to her bedroom and sat her on the bed surrounded by pill bottles and nail polish. Interesting combination, but no one could keep the woman from painting her nails. My place used to be the spot to be for sleepovers in my neighborhood. All my friends always wanted one of Mama’s manicures. That was before she was sick, though.
After retrieving a fresh nightgown from her drawer, I helped Mama out of her sticky one from the spilled juice.
“So are you going to tell me about your big performance, or do I have to wait all night?”
I stopped messing with her sleeve and snapped my head up. “How did you find out already?”
“Gladys.”
My aunt. Of course. I would have to thank my cousin Derrick for giving her the jump before I could tell my own mother.
“And why did I have to hear it from her? You should have called me right after curtain call.”
I chuckled as I pushed her back in her clean gown and covered her with the blankets on the bed. “Sorry. Everything just happened so fast, and then the cast party was right after. I was just completely overwhelmed I guess.” 
I purposely left out the part about the guy I met. I just didn’t see the point.
Mama gave me that glamorous smile of hers that could light up an entire room. In her heyday, the expression and her movie star features gained her lots of attention and many proposals. There was no denying my mama’s beauty, and her sickly ninety-two pound frame could never hinder it.
She grabbed my hand, and I climbed into bed with her. Getting myself cozy on her side, she ran her fingers through my long, dark curls.
“Tell me all about it. I want to know everything,” she said.
Thinking about when I first stepped onto the stage and the heat of the spotlight hit my cheeks, I couldn’t stop smiling. “Mama, it was amazing. The theater was packed and all eyes were on me. They all just sat there in silence, listening intently like I was something really special, you know? And then, when it was over, they actually stood and applauded. I couldn’t believe it.”
“You are something special.” She kissed my forehead. “And don’t you forget that. That talent of yours is going to take you so far out of this place. Out of the ghetto like I never could.”
I snuggled up to her when I heard the sadness in her voice. Mama had a box of playbills hidden away in her closest from her shows downtown. She always got the lead roles in the off-Broadway shows at the big theater. She was a really big deal, something special. She yelled at me when she saw me rooting through the box. At the time, I didn’t understand why she yelled at me, and being as young as I was, I told her I hated her. It wasn’t until years later that I understood they were hidden away for a reason. Seeing them represented her failures, failures from getting wrapped up with my deadbeat dad. He was the reason she stayed here. He got her pregnant then dropped her flat; only to come back for money and sex sporadically. Once she got sick, he never came back. It was two years after that last day he walked out that I stopped looking out the window for him; the day I grew up.
“I’m not going anywhere. I’m taking care of you,” I said.
“That’s not what those callback papers mean that are shoved in the bottom of your sock drawer.”
My jaw dropped open. “You were going through my stuff? And why were you out of bed?”
“I just happened to be looking for those pink, fuzzy socks of yours. My feet were cold.”
“Sure, they were.” She saw the day I snuck out for the first round of auditions. Of course she’d be rooting through my stuff to find the request for callbacks they sent out in the mail.
“Your word against mine, honey-child, and it doesn’t matter whether I found them or not, you’re going to go to that final round of auditions. Then, when you get into the show, you’re going with the rest of the company overseas to perform it.”
“I only auditioned because Margot was bugging me about it, something about the stars being aligned in the moment. You know I can’t leave you. Who would pay the bills?”
“Once you’re big and famous in those French opera houses you can send the money back. You auditioned for the lead, didn’t you?”
I sighed. “Yeah, but it’s a small show over there, bottom of the barrel. Not to mention, I still haven’t actually gotten the part yet.”
“So you work your way up. You step on that stage, Lacey girl, and they can’t help but love you. You’ll make it big quickly. And don’t worry about that part. If you audition for it, you’re going to get it.”
She was worse than Margot with her dreamer talk. Perhaps because she wanted so badly for me to have what she couldn’t achieve. 
Mama coughed so hard that she had to let me go to cover her mouth.
I leaned out of her bed to grab a bottle of water off her bedside table. When I reached for it, I knocked one of her hardback novels off the end. The book hit the floor, and a piece of paper flew out of the pages.
I only read the first few lines, but the signature at the bottom told it was the result of Mama’s latest tests at the hospital.
While scanning the letter the doctor’s medical jargon was too confusing for me to understand, but the revised list of recommended treatments was definitely not lost on me. The doctor was requesting new treatments to be made. He was requesting new ones because the latest must not have worked.
I picked up the letter and handed it to her.
She barely even looked at it.
“You hide your papers, I hide mine,” was all she said.


Chapter Eleven
Drake

	“Drake.”
	I cracked open my eyes. 
My sister shook my shoulder.
I shut my eyes. If I opened them completely, the sun would act like a switch that triggered the product of my hangover. With the amount of Jack Daniel’s I downed after I got home last night, a headache was a given, and waking up for my sister wasn’t worth the pain.
	“Drake.” She shook me again.
	When I didn’t say anything, she smacked the back of my head.
	I was a champ. I didn’t move.
	My bed sprang up when she left my side. Believing I won, I smiled. That was when the cold front hit my head in the form of ice cubes.
	I leaped from my bed. “Dammit, Adele!” 
	Ruffling the wetness from my hair, I froze when she snickered.
Instinctively, I covered my junk. I usually slept in the buff. But upon feeling the silk of my black boxers, I dropped my hands. Thank God I was so wasted last night I forgot to strip. 
“Eww, gross. Don’t worry. I peeked in first to make sure you were clothed. Do you think I want nightmares?” She laughed.
Off my initial adrenaline, my head pounded like Thor took his hammer to it. Dropping back to my bed, I put my head in my hands and rubbed my temples. “Please tell me this is not about your damn money. I told you I’d get it to you when I woke up, and I would’ve woken up eventually.”
With the amount of alcohol in my system, it would have probably been around three p.m., but still, I would have gotten up.
“No, this isn’t about the money. I woke you up so you could hightail it out of here before Mom comes for you.”
I scratched into my bed hair. “Why? What does she want?”
Mom wouldn’t even look at me after I got home last night. She and Father ended up in the study for over an hour. There was a lot of Father’s voice. None of Mom’s. I felt guilty about that. She usually took the verbal punishment for my actions, exactly why I ended up with a bottle last night.
“I don’t know, but I have a feeling nothing good. At breakfast this morning, she told me to tell you not to leave if I saw you before she got back. She just got back, and she had a weird look in her eyes, Drake.”
My brows shot up. “What kind of look?”
“It was super freaky. She looked determined, really determined. Like she was up to something. I didn’t like it one bit, and I know it means nothing good for you. You need to leave before she finds you.”
Drawing in a breath, I pushed a long current of air through my nose. My Mom had never been one to punish me for anything, but if Adele was having a feeling it was best not to ignore the information. She was pretty spot-on when it came to her instincts about Mom. Kept me out of trouble a few times when I would have gotten caught doing something. “Thanks for the heads up.”
“Good luck.” She skirted out of my room and closed the door.
Running my hand through my hair, I grabbed a graphic tee out of my walk-in closet. Once I snagged my jeans off a hanger, I got those on, then a pair of sneakers. Casual wear was best when it came to fleeing a scene. Thanks to the cardio I had to do for the swim team in high school, I was an excellent sprinter.
After I left the closet, I ruffled through the dirty clothes in my linen hamper, looking for the ones I striped off before I fell asleep. Finding them, I groaned. I still had Omar’s uniform.
I stiffened.
Omar.
Damn, I hoped he didn’t lose his job. I’d have to call the country club to make sure he didn’t. 
As I sought for my car keys in the dress slacks, I made a mental note to have the uniform pressed and sent back. I’d have to do it myself since Mom hadn’t hired a housekeeper yet.
Patting the pants, I couldn’t find my keys. Assuming I left them on the key ring by the door, I left my bedroom.
Checking for sounds as I made my way through the brown brick, split-level ranch home, I scurried down the stairs. No Mom yet, but that woman was stealthy. If she wasn’t my docile mother, I’d say she used to work for the CIA.
Escaping the stairwell, I made it across the polished floor. When I got to the large, double wooden doors, I grabbed my aviators from the ledge of the coat rack. I went for my keys next, but they were gone.
“Looking for these, Truman?”
A set of keys jingled behind me after Mom’s voice. I turned and she was spinning the keys around her finger. As always, my sister was right. Mom did have a weird look in her eyes. It was hard, ambitious, and not normal for her. My mother pretty much always went with the flow, and was very much a pushover. Like I said, I couldn’t recall the last time I was punished. Adele and I pretty much got away with anything growing up, so whatever this look was, it wasn’t good. 
Gripping the keys, she placed her hands in front of her waist. “Follow me, Truman.”
I took off my aviators and followed her petite stature to the living room of the house. She took a seat on the beige-colored loveseat only after I sat on the matching couch across from it. The set up was very disciplinary, like a principal talking to a student. The environment couldn’t have been more foreign to me.
After tossing my keys on the coffee table in front of her, she straightened up and pressed down her cream, pleated skirt. “I believe you know what this is about.”
I didn’t say a word because I did.
She gave a short laugh, but she didn’t look in the least bit amused. “I don’t know where to start first. The fact that you abandoned your father on his debut night, or the massive amount of marijuana you had that landed you in jail.”
“They didn’t put me in jail—”
“You will not talk until I’m finished,” she said, her porcelain-like jaw clenched.
I shut up immediately. What was up with this? Who was this woman, and where was my mother?
“You forced your sister to participate in unholy acts yet again. I mean, really, Truman? Gambling? She’s fifteen. You don’t need to be dragging her into the sinner’s lifestyle you’ve created for yourself.”
With the way she was acting, I wasn’t about to tell her the bet was Adele’s idea this time. God, my father must have really laid into her last night. That had to be the reason this crazy woman who used to be my mother now sat in front of me.
“Everyone at the country club kept asking me about my son. They said he was charming and wondered what part of Asia your father and I adopted him from. When I told them they looked at me like I grew a second head!”
Cautiously, I opened my mouth. “You didn’t fire him did you?”
“Of course he was fired. He had no business helping you. They don’t need that kind of help around there.”
With a quick call from me, he’d have his job back. I’d make sure to take care of that after Mom finally let up here. Omar wouldn’t lose his job because of me. I’d give my mother a week, and she’d forget she’d even gotten him fired. My mother never looked at the people she asked for her martinis and croquet mallets. She’d never know he was rehired.
“You’ve completely lost control, Truman. You do whatever you want, whenever you want to do it, and you don’t even care who it effects.” Her expression tight, she shook her head. “Doing things like what occurred last night in the middle of a campaign fundraiser is unacceptable. You could cost your father his re-election for pity sake. He relies on those sponsorships and relationships to win his campaigns.”
“And what about the rest of us, huh?” I asked, not able to hear anymore. “Why does the perfect little family have to be locked up while he’s out there doing whatever the fuck he wants—”
“You will not use that type of language in this house and in front me. The son I raised doesn’t do that.”
Letting out a breath, I turned my head.
“You leave me no choice, Truman. Your father is too close to election day for you to mess this up for him now.”
Narrowing my eyebrows, I took in what she just said. “What do you mean I leave you no choice?”
“I’ve decided to hire some help.”
“Help?”
She nodded. “With your father being in the midst of the election, he’ll need me more. I going to be more active in the community and won’t be around the house very much. So, I’m going to need some help.”
The fact that she needed help wasn’t uncommon knowledge because we usually had it. Why the big dramatics about me leaving her no choice?
“Someone will be here to do the cleaning, the cooking, and taking Adelaide to and from her activities among other things.”
The words “among other things” perked my ears. “And those ‘other things’ would be?”
“The help will always be here when I’m not.”
“Okay.”
“And therefore will run things the way I want them run when I’m not here.”
“What are you trying to say?”
“I’m trying to say that starting today you will have a curfew. Midnight on the weekdays and 2:00 a.m. on the weekends, and whenever you decide to go out for social activities your whereabouts will be logged on the family schedule located on the refrigerator.”
I actually laughed. “Surely, you’re joking. I’m nineteen.”
Her expression was completely serious. “I assure you I’m not.”
I laughed again, still thinking she was messing with me. “You are aware of the fact that I’m moving out for college soon.”
“I am. But until then you live in my house, and you will live by my rules. And living in my house and by my rules you will have a curfew and log your outings. To make sure those rules are followed around the clock, my help will aid in this.”
My jaw dropped open. “Now, you have to be joking. Because I know my mother would never give her nineteen-year-old son a curfew on the cusp of his college enrollment and give him a nanny to watch over him.”
“If you want to call this help a nanny you can, but I like to use the term at-home personal assistant to me, the employer. I filed the forms to hire help this morning through an agency. This is a done deal, Truman.”
I just kind of sat there with my mouth open. “Mom.” I broke out in few short laughs. “You can’t expect me to actually listen to whatever old hag you’re hiring. Actually, I’m telling you right now that I refuse to listen. I’m a grown man, and legally, you can’t make me do anything I don’t want to do.”
“You haven’t been acting like a grown man, Truman. But you are right about one thing: legally, I can’t make you do anything you don’t want to do. So, if you choose to disregard my rules, then you will be treated just as you said, a grown man. And do you know what grown men do, Truman? They take care of themselves—all by themselves.” 
My eyes widened. She wasn’t going where I thought she was.
Pushing a few strands of her brown locks behind her ear, she nodded once. “I know you see where I’m going with this.”
“You’ll cut me off.”
“Yes.”
I leaned back. “And kick me out!”
“Exactly.”
I jumped from the couch to my feet. “Mom, I’m your son. You wouldn’t!”
Cocking her head to the side, she gave a wide smile. “It’s funny how quickly a grown man goes back to being my little boy with only a few words.”


Chapter Twelve
Lacey

	“So what does at-home personal assistant mean? I thought you’d be doing a nanny job?” Margot’s voice sounded through the receiver.
	She’d been talking to me on the phone since I called her with the news from the hiring agency. I put in my paperwork, and it didn’t take long for them to find me something. A woman in the North Shore needed an at-home assistant to do the cleaning, cooking, and other standard household maintenance. The man and woman of the house needed someone who didn’t mind extensive hours, possibly staying up late or even staying over some nights when they got back late from events. I started this afternoon.
	“No, idea,” I said into the receiver balanced on my shoulder. “It sounds like a nanny job to me since the couple has kids, and they want me to cook and clean. But the agency lady stressed that her client told her at-home personal assistant. Whatever that means.”
	“How old are the kids?”
	“No, idea. Their names are Adelaide and Truman, though. Rich people names. If they’re babies they probably use those silver rattles from Tiffany’s,” I joked.
	“Nice. I meant the richness, not the rattles.”
	I could practically hear Margot’s grin on her end.
	“How much does it pay?”
	I got my overnight bag out of the closet. I was informed that tonight would be one of those nights where I’d have to stay over. I was so overwhelmed. These people lived rich, and I didn’t know how to go into a situation like that. I’d go by the seat of my pants I guess. I was confident I could mesh into their world if I needed to. 
	“A lot,” I said, answering Margot’s question. “I couldn’t believe the figure. And they’re giving me an advance, so I was able to hire Mama a caretaker. She’s here now. Her name is Sue.”
	“You’re in the big leagues now, honey. Just think, with all that dough you can pack up and go with that company when you get the part—”
	“You know I took the job to pay for Mama’s new treatments.” Exactly the reason I got the paperwork done and filed so quickly. According to the doctor’s letter, Mama’s condition wasn’t getting any better. We had to utilize as many recommendations that the physician suggested no matter what the cost. We had to try everything. I had to try everything.
	“But you will have extra. Promise me you’ll at least put it away for a rainy day?”
	I chuckled, putting my sleep shorts in the bag. “I can promise that.”
	“Good. And I’d love a tour of the place. So when the moneybags leave out of town one of these nights—”
	“Oh, no.” I held up my finger in the air like she was there to point the gesture at. “You will not be going there. I don’t want to lose my job that quickly, thank you very much.”
	She huffed into the phone. “Fine. But call me if you need back up. You know I’m here if you need me.”
	I smiled, zipping up my bag. “That’s why I love you.”
	“Lacey, your cab is out front,” called Sue from the hall.
	“I have to go. My cab is here. Wish me luck.”
	“You won’t need it, but good luck. Sample every bit of that expensive food for me.” She laughed.
	“I will. Bye.”
	“Bye.”
	I dropped the phone in my satchel and grabbed my overnight bag. Before I left, I stopped by Mama’s room. She was living the highlife, too. She lay there on her bed with her lunch on her bedside table. Ignoring her steaming lunch, she painted her nails a ruby red.
	Letting go of her doorframe, I shook my head. “Make sure you eat that,” I said, pointing at her lunch, “and your dinner once it’s time. Sue has been informed to threaten you with nail polish removal if you don’t.”
	“Sue works for me, honey-child,” she said, not looking up from her nails. “Therefore, she does what I say.”
	Already with her nose in the air, and she hasn’t had her caretaker longer than two hours. I kissed her cheek. “You’re stubborn.”
	“And you’re going to be late. Get out of here before you get into trouble.”
	Not wanting to bump her steady hand, I gave her one last gentle kiss. “I’ll be back tomorrow.”
	“Don’t hurry back. I like my servant.”
	Laughing, I left her bedside. After grabbing a stylish brown hat from Mama’s closet—she was too busy to notice—I headed outside to the cab. Sue watched me from the door as I stuffed my curls into the velour riding hat.
	Hopping inside the yellow taxi, I rolled down the window to give Sue advice. “Mama’s a handful. Don’t let her walk all over you.”
	She waved me off. “I’ve seen it all, Lacey. We’ll be fine.”
	She hadn’t met my mama.


Chapter Thirteen
Drake

“I guess today is D-Day.” Adele stood in my doorframe with her arms crossed and looking pissed-the-hell off.
	Shaking my head, I threw a mini basketball into the air as I lay on my bed. “I don’t know why you’re so upset. You’re the one who gets a personal slave who will chauffeur you around to your activities and act as your own personal chef. I get a spy.”
	“What about what you said is a good thing?” In a huff, she came into my room and collapsed on my desk chair. “I now have a personal stalker who will always be around me even when I don’t what her to be. All the North Shore kids will laugh at me, and on top of all that, Mom said this woman is in charge of chaperoning my sleepover tonight because she and Dad have a banquet to attend. My life is hell, Drake. Everyone will think I’m the lame new girl at the country club.”
	Tossing the ball, I frowned when I caught it. “Sleepover?”
	“Yeah. Some of the junior members from the country club are coming over after the club’s pool party today. Mom set it up, so I could meet some friends. They’ll be my classmates in the fall, and I need to make a good impression.”
	I gazed her way. “Pool party at the country club? What’s today?”
	“Saturday.”
	That must have been what Ms. Ashley Jameson was going on about at Father’s fundraiser. I guess I’d be there too since I said I’d go. That was the last place I wanted to be, though. Frankly, I’d thought about calling up Derrick. He seemed like a cool guy at Margot’s party. I bet Mom would just love that option. She’d never agree to that social activity if I “logged” it in. God, what the hell happened to my life? I met an exotic girl, she called the cops on me, and now I was under nanny arrest. Thank God I’d be off to school soon.
	“Knock, Knock.”
	I turned my head. The nanny-sentencer herself made her appearance at my doorframe.
	Mom walked in and put her arm around Adele’s shoulders. “Why such the long face?”
	“Mom, all the kids will laugh at me if this woman follows me around. No one will probably even come to my sleepover tonight after they see her at the pool party today.”
	“And see, I thought having your own personal assistant would make you considered the cool kid. And she won’t be following you. She’ll just be nearby when you need her.” She rubbed her shoulder.
	“Like a stalker.”
	“No. Not like a stalker; like someone who will be around when you need assistance. This change really is to benefit both you and your brother.”
	Sure it was.
	“Take tonight for example. We wouldn’t have been able to schedule your sleepover right away due to your father’s busy schedule this summer. Because we hired help, your life and your plans didn’t have to be disrupted.”
	Adele pouted like she was ten instead of fifteen. “But what if she doesn’t know how to make the food for it? The girls at the club will expect certain things, Mom.”
	“She will be able to handle it just fine. The agency highly recommended her with her background. She’ll also take you to the pool party.” Mom glanced my way. “You’re going to that too right, Truman? Ashley Jameson said she invited you.”
	“Yep,” I said, refusing to look at her. 
	Mom sighed. “Adelaide, why don’t you go get your swim bag ready?”
	Great. She was sending Switzerland away—neutrality in the form of my kid sister.
	Nodding, Adele left the room.
	“Truman, you will see that this is for the best. You won’t be tempted to get into any more trouble and will have an easy rest of the summer here at home. Your father and I will no longer have to worry about you, and the whole house will be stress-free because of it. This new situation is only a good thing. You may not see it now, but you will.”
	I didn’t say a word.
	“Now, I want you to leave whatever attitude this is that you have in this room. The new assistant will be here soon, and you’re going to act like the gentlemen I raised when you meet her.”
	I smirked. Like hell I was going to meet that old hag. “I don’t plan on meeting this woman anytime soon, Mom. Just so you know.”
	“You will meet her, and when you do, you’re going to treat her with respect. After the initial meeting, you don’t even have to cross paths. She’s only here to make sure you get in on time and are accounted for, so quit being dramatic like she’s here to be your warden to keep you under lock and key.”
	She was worse than a warden. She was my nanny.
	

Chapter Fourteen
Lacey

	I couldn’t believe it. These people had gates. Gates! And they had a guy at the gate just to let people into the property. Being here was like stepping into another world.
	The cab drove me all the way up to the house on what seemed to be a winding half-a-mile driveway. After I paid my fare, I quickly composed myself. Might as well get into character early. I was an actress and could literally fit into any type of environment. These new surroundings shouldn’t be an issue.
	Stepping onto the cobblestone walk, I approached the grand door of the split-level ranch home. The place looked massive from the end of the driveway; up close I felt like a little ant in its shadow.
	The brass knocker gave a sound reminiscent to one that might be heard at the Addams Family’s manor: loud and echoing.
	When the door opened, a young girl stood there. She had very soft, angelic-like features and long, brown hair cascading around her face. I was surprised to see her. I assumed the kids in this household would be younger, but this girl looked around fourteen or fifteen.
	Smiling bright, I reached out my hand. “You must be Adelaide.”
	She just stared at my hand like it was covered in mold. “It’s Adele.”
	I raised my eyebrows. This girl sure was a snippy little thing. I’d dealt with worse. “Sorry about that, and I will remember that for the future.”
	Not saying a word, she left the door.
	I guess I’d let myself in. I did, and closed the door behind me. Doing a spin, I took in the space. The house had one of those modern layouts like the celebrities live in out in the country, wide halls and plenty of space to get lost in with its beauty. The large windows covered the place in light, and there were old looking statues and flower arrangements displayed near the clear glass. 
	I gazed around for Adele, but she left me. She’d be a tough one to break, but I was up for the challenge. Taking it upon myself, I explored the space. The foyer had a large staircase, but I passed it and went into the living room. There was a beige loveseat and a matching couch situated around the fireplace. I imagined that during Christmas many stockings would be hung there with a heavily decorated tree adjacent to the hearth in the far corner. With the fancy way this place was decorated, though, I doubted any handmade ornaments would be on the pine. These people most likely had interior designers who made the tree pretty for them, no handmade crafts or other things present. 
	Dropping my bag on the couch, I studied the empty walls. There were no decorations or family pictures. What was up with that? When I saw a moving box in the corner, it all made sense. These people must be new residents to this place. 
	“Okay. I’m down here meeting you because I have to not because I want to.”
	I froze at the deep, velvet voice that came from behind me. No way . . .
	“You and I are going to get a few things straight right off the bat. I do not need a person acting as my nanny. Telling me what to do, or watching what it is that I chose to do is unacceptable. I don’t care what my mother said to you, and if you believe being employed by my mom gives you power over me you have another thing coming. I take care of myself and do not need you keeping tabs on me. As long as you understand that, I believe our relationship can function without any unnecessary glitches. I consider myself a reasonable guy and can make this work.”
	I couldn’t move, not one inch.
	“Hello?”
	The blood pounded behind my ears.
	“Hi. Speaking to you here?”
	When he grabbed my arm, I knew he’d find out why I didn’t speak soon.


Chapter Fifteen
Drake

	I turned the frail little thing around with ease. I didn’t expect her to be so light. When I came downstairs to meet the old broad, I thought she’d be a pretty hefty one. The nannies Adele and I had growing up always were. I figured Mom would stay consistent.
	Head bowed down, she wouldn’t look at me, not at first. 
	As I stood there awkwardly waiting for her to speak to me, she moved. Her small hand went to her brown hat. The skin was smooth, young. Again, I didn’t expect that. 
	When she pulled her hat off, I quickly understood why her skin looked so young.
	She was young.
	Her brown curls fell from underneath the hat. She tipped her head up, and her locks cascaded down the caramel skin of her face.
	Seeing who the person was, the jolt in my heart showed my true initial reaction to her presence. Despite what happened, I was still enticed by her. But as I opened my mouth, the incorrect initial reaction sounded from my lips. “You’ve got to be kidding me, right?”
	She blinked a few times. 
	“You’re my nanny?”
	 Her mouth dropped open. “You’re Truman?”
	I fought myself from shuddering at the name. “I go by Drake.”
	She shook her head, eyes wide in shock. “I-I just assumed that you guys were kids. Oh my God.”
	Oh my God was right. This was definitely an interesting turn of events, and as I stood there watching one of the most intriguing girls I’d ever met something clicked in my head. Her presence was excellent news for me. I had something over her that would get her fired for sure, and once she was, I no longer had the problem of a nanny, at least until my mom hired another. But the real beauty of the situation was I knew my mother’s intentions. I knew the nanny bullet was coming, so I could prepare accordingly. And if I worked good ole’ Mom just right, I might get out of the situation entirely.
Coming out of my thoughts, I studied Lacey standing there before me. I smirked as I took in her attire. Might as well get in some fun and mess with her a bit before her inevitable firing. “You sure do clean up rather well, don’t you?”
	She narrowed her eyebrows. “What do you mean?”
	I gestured toward her face. “No piercings,” I said, eyeing the mouth I once took as my own. “Frumpy outfit.” The girl actually wore a granny sweater and a knee-length skirt. “Your midriff too good to show us here over on the North Shore?”
Blinking once, she didn’t say a word. I decided to keep on with the hits.
“Is the girl from the West Side trying to fit in? Tell me: does my mom know where you’re from?”
This last comment must have triggered something inside her because her expression went hard, and her eyes blazed like the fire we had between us the night we met. “You’re being petty, Truman.”
“Drake,” I gritted through my teeth.
“Drake,” she gritted through hers. “Don’t you understand I did you a favor by keeping you out of my side of town? You didn’t belong there, and had no idea what you were dealing with. I didn’t want to call the cops on you—”
“Sure you didn’t. You tricked me into coming back to you so you could teach me a lesson. Well, guess what? You’re about to find out what it feels like when someone else plays with your life.”
“What do you mean?”
I whipped around to leave, but she grabbed my arm.
Turning me around, she managed to get a hold of both my arms.
This girl clearly didn’t understand the boundaries she established with me after what she pulled. I moved out of her hands.
“What do you mean, Drake? What are you going to do?”
Her face looked worried—panicked, and for a minute, I contemplated if I should do what I was about to do. Feeling like an idiot, I stopped the thought. “What do you think, Lacey? You are no longer employed by my mother. When she finds out you’re responsible for getting me locked up, I believe that will be a bit of a conflict of interest.” 
I turned, but again, she grabbed my arm. I hated that my skin surged where she touched me. I hated even more that I wanted to grab her and touch her more. 
“You can’t. You don’t understand. I need this job.”
“Not my problem, Lace.”
Her face scrunched up when I shortened her name, but she didn’t correct me. “Look. I know you’re mad.”
I fought myself from laughing. Mad was beyond what I was after what she did to me.
“But there are factors here you can’t mess with. This job is bigger than what happened between us. You can’t ruin that.”
The pleading in her eyes gave that information away. I forced myself to look in another direction so I would no longer be affected by it.
“Please. Please. I’ll do anything.”
My ears perked. “Anything?”
She snapped her hand away from my bicep like I burned her. “I won’t sleep with you, Drake.”
Actually, that thought hadn’t crossed my mind until she said it, but because she did, the visions loomed. Her body beneath mine would be perfect; sweaty and hot. My hand moving over that rich, caramel skin in places I physically fought myself from touching when we met sizzled my blood just from the thought. Damn, this girl didn’t know what she did to me.
“I know you’re thinking about sex with that look in your eyes, Drake, and I told you: I’m not sleeping with you.”
When she smacked my chest, I actually laughed. “Sorry. Had a brief guy moment.”
She bit her lip, despite the fact the piercing wasn’t there, and laughed, too. “I know, so you get one pass, but I’m serious about what I said. I need your cooperation on this, so what can I do to get that?”
I crossed my arms, thinking about the current situation we were both in. She needed this job, and because she did she needed me on her side. I also needed something, as well. Once she was fired she would eventually be replaced. The new replacement wouldn’t be malleable since I held nothing over them. With Lacey, I had something to bargain with; something to use to my advantage. 
“Maybe we can make this work,” I said, dropping my arms. “You want this job, right?”
“More than anything.”
“And I don’t want a nanny.”
“And I can see why. I mean, how old are you?”
“Nineteen.”
	Running her hand through her chocolate brown curls, she snickered. “I’m eighteen.”
	“So my nanny is younger than me? This is becoming unbelievable.” I chuckled, rubbing my hand behind my neck.
	“And you have me because of me, right?”
	“Correct.”
	She sighed. “Look, I think you’re a stand-up guy, and you obviously don’t need me. So if I give you your space can I stay?”
	Truth be told, this was exactly the deal I was going to offer her, but even if I didn’t, I would have agreed to her proposal. The way those chocolate-doe eyes gazed at me, there was no denying this girl anything she wanted. She affected me in ways she’d never know.
	“Truman, you met—”
	Lacey and I turned to see my mom standing there, a confused expression plastered on her china doll face.
	She stepped forward. “Truman? Who is this?”
	Did Mom really not see the girl she hired before she employed her? Very responsible. She could have hired an ax murder instead of the hot, little thing Lacey was. “This is the new nanny.”
	Lacey fixed her long hair, then rested her large hat in front of her. Stepping forward, she held out her hand. “Hi, I’m Lacey Douglas. Here about the personal at-home assistant position.”
	My mom looked more shocked than I felt when I first saw the hire. She moved closer to Lacey. While she shook her hand, she analyzed her up and down. “You are quite younger than I expected.”
	Lacey’s cheeks flushed pink. “The lady at the agency said no age requirement was expected. And with the late hours, I was perfect. I’m a night owl.”
	My mom dropped her hand politely, but the scrutinizing she continued to do was far from politely acceptable. Frankly, it pissed me off. Why was she looking at her like she was a foreign species standing in her living room? Was it that big of a deal that Lacey was younger? If she could do the job what did it matter?
	“Well, yes, there was no age requirement, but when hiring a nanny—”
	“Personal at-home assistant. Remember, Mom?” I smiled, reminding her of herself. Those were her very words, after all. If Mom wanted a nanny-aged nanny, then should have hired one and not danced over the specifics with the agency.
	Mom’s long, dark eyelashes flickered my way, accompanied by a tight-lipped smile. “Yes, Truman, I remember. But she is just not what I expected.”
	Why was she talking about Lacey like she wasn’t standing in front of her?
	Mom grabbed Lacey’s bag. “I’m sorry about the misunderstanding, but I don’t feel you’re right for us.” She held it out to her.
	Lacey blinked. “What exactly isn’t right? I assure you I have the skills and qualifications to handle this job. If I could just show you—”
	When Lacey didn’t take her own bag, my mom put it in her hand. “Thank you for your time.”
	This time, Lacey didn’t say anything. She just took her bag, and turned to leave.
	I couldn’t believe the bullshit that just occurred in front of me, and I refused to let it happen, especially to someone as exquisite as Lacey. “Mom, I can’t believe you’re just letting this girl slip through your fingers. She worked for the Jamesons, you know?”
	Lacey froze mid-step, and my mom’s eyes widened.
	“The Jamesons? As in Henry and Claudine Jameson?” Mom asked.
	Thank God Ashley’s upbringing held value to my family. I took a gamble, and it worked.
	“The very ones. She worked for them last year, caring for Ashley’s sick grandmother. Ashley told me all about it at the fundraiser, and raved about how amazing Lacey was. Thought it was so random she even brought it up, but I assumed that was because of the impression Lacey made on them.”
	Lacey turned around completely, staring at me with her eyebrows knit. I hoped she’d get it together because I needed her to go with me on this.
	Mom crossed her arms. “Why did she leave them?”
	I glanced Lacey’s way. “Do you want to tell her, Lacey?” 
	Lacey directed her focus away from me and to my mother. She was a champ. That previous confusion was now completely absent from her expression. 
“Grandmother Jameson died,” she stated, her doe eyes in a somber gaze. 
	What an actress.
	“It was very sad. If you see them, please don’t ask them about it. It was just so heartbreaking for everyone. They’re a very brave family, but I just don’t want to see them hurting again by bringing it up.”
	If I didn’t know I made up the lie, I would have thought her words were completely truthful. The girl’s eyes actually watered a bit before she bowed her head to mourn for the grandmother that was probably not only alive, but most likely sipping a martini in the tropics right about now.
	And it worked on my mother completely. 
She put her hand on Lacey’s shoulder. When the girl looked up, her chocolate-doe eyes worked their magic. “You poor thing. Of course I won’t ask them about it. I remember what it was like to lose my own grandparents when I was girl. Never easy for anyone.”
Lacey nodded once.
My mom genuinely smiled this time. “Well, I would be honored if you would also provide your services to us here. Seeing you care so much about a family shows me that you will have complete respect for mine. I think a short trial would be good first because of your age, but once you’re passed that, you will be at full-employee status.”
“Thank you,” she whispered, smiling ever-so-faintly.
I fought a chuckle.
“Let’s get your paperwork filed, and I’ll explain your duties.” My mom took Lacey’s bag from her and set it back on the couch.
“That would be great,” Lacey said.
She followed my mother to the parlor. Before she turned the corner out of my sight, she mouthed “thank you.”


Chapter Sixteen
Lacey

I studied the list of finger foods I was supposed to prepare for Adele’s sleepover tonight after the afternoon pool party.
Shrimp cocktail, bruschetta with a white bean purée, asparagus spring rolls, and stuffed piquillo peppers with goat cheese were all on the list.
Just thinking about the taste of goat cheese in my mouth made me cringe, and most of the other items I had never even heard of before. With the simple directions, preparation of the food wouldn’t be a big deal, but just none of it sounded good at all. 
Closing the pantry in the kitchen, Mrs. Drake finished showing me where the last of the ingredients to fix the snacks were. “Well, that should be about it. Do you have any questions about that, or the rest of the tour?”
The grandiose Drake household was overwhelming. I’d never seen so many rooms. I’d get acclimated soon enough, though. I was a quick learner. “No questions about the house, ma’am, and you have a beautiful home.”
She smiled. “Thank you, Lacey, and Mrs. Drake should be fine.”
I nodded once. “I would like to ask you a question about this snack menu for tonight. If I may?”
“Of course.”
“Well, looking at this list, these foods don’t really seem like something teenage girls eat.” Heck, anyone would eat, but I left that part out.
“Oh, well, my daughter has particular tastes. She picked out the menu herself.”
She did? Wow. I was far away from home. Where I came from it was pizza and ice cream at sleepovers.
“And these items are light on calories with the way you’ll be preparing them, and will aid with her strict nutrition regiment. We try to keep junk food out of the house.”
I really was far away from home.
“Will there be anything else?”
“No, Mrs. Drake.”
“Great. Well, Mr. Drake and I will be back tonight, but it will be late. I assume the girls will already be asleep. Adelaide likes to go to bed promptly at 11:30 p.m.”
I tried to keep the shock off my face. Healthy, and kept up on her sleep? Even on the weekends? This Adele was very different indeed.
“And Truman shouldn’t give you any problems. His curfew is 2:00 a.m., and he’s informed me he will be at the country club with friends. He’s also listed it on the Drake family schedule here on the refrigerator.” She pointed to the white board calendar on the fridge. “The entire family’s schedule is listed here, and Truman knows he’s no exception. He’s been informed to check in with you if he decides to go anywhere but the country club today. If he goes M.I.A. you are to call me. I don’t believe this will be a problem, though. He understands the rules.”
I kept my expression neutral during this last bit of information. As much as I hated lying to my employer, I had a deal with Drake and I intended to honor it. If I didn’t, I’d lose my job, and after what he did for me earlier I owed him. His willingness to help me surprised me. Perhaps, I misjudged him about his maturity at the party. He clearly understood my need for this job and helped me. I didn’t think about it too long because Mrs. Drake’s voice broke me out of my thoughts.
“Adelaide.” Mrs. Drake looked up to the ceiling during her call. “Are you just about ready to go?”
Digging in the pocket of her skirt, Mrs. Drake handed me a set of keys. “You can take Adelaide to the country club in the Mercedes. It’s plenty spacious for she and her three friends since you will be taking them back with you for her sleepover.”
Margot was right. This really was the big leagues.
Adele came into the kitchen wearing an orange-colored sundress and matching flip-flops. The straps of her banana yellow bathing suit peeked out from behind. Her Mom opened her arms and a sighing Adele went into them.
“Have a good time at your party tonight. I’ll see you in the morning,” Mrs. Drake said.
Still sighing, she let her mother go. “I don’t understand why we even need a chaperone tonight. I’m fifteen and so are the other girls. We don’t need her.”
She really would be a hard one to break. I’d give her time. I was new and forced upon her life, after all. 
Mrs. Drake ran her hand through her daughter’s hair. “You personally do not need a chaperone, but a bunch of fifteen-year-old girls do. Don’t worry about it. Lacey wasn’t hired to babysit you and your friends. She’s just here as a standby. You and your friends probably won’t even notice her.”
She was right. I’d probably be in the guest room with a good book the whole time. I knew she didn’t need a sitter. That wasn’t my job.
Mrs. Drake gave Adele a final hug, then came over to me. “Remember our agreement, Lacey. I expect you to take care of my house and my children. I’m trusting you.”
I remembered. She made me sign so many papers my head spun. I didn’t blame her for the things she made me sign. She was protecting her household and all that she valued.
	She left us, and Adele walked over to me. When she stopped, she stood there in front of me with her hands on her hips, studying my clothing with a disgusted look on her face.
	I gazed down at my navy sweater and white skirt. “Something wrong?”
	“You’re not going to wear . . .” She pursed her lips, eyes still on my clothes. “. . . that, are you?”
	“What’s wrong with my clothes?”
	She crossed her arms. “You look like you stepped out of a Salvation Army.”
	I actually had gotten my skirt there. They had great stuff for vintage looks. I frequented there quite often and wasn’t ashamed.
	“You’re going to embarrass me looking like that.”
	Giving a small smile, I shook my head at her. “Well, how can I help? I don’t want that to happen.”
	Before I knew it, Adele’s hands went into Project Runway mode. She pulled my sweater off and threw it behind her. Getting hold of my skirt, she rolled it up at the waist until it was well above my knees. The white sleeveless blouse I wore underneath the sweater matched the now extremely short skirt so well my outfit looked like I was wearing a trendy white dress.
	“That’s a little better I guess,” she said.
	“Well, thank you, Adele.”
	She studied my feet. “I have some pink pumps you can sub out for those white granny shoes too. I’m a size eight. Can you fit in those?”
	I tried not to laugh. This Adele didn’t hold back when it came to her thoughts. “I’m an eight and a half, so I think I can manage.”
	“Good,” she said, still eyeing my ensemble. “I still don’t want to take any chances that I’ll suffer from the backlash of what you’re wearing, though. Just keep your distance from me while we’re there, and pretend to be a member.”
	“I think people might find it weird that a member is at a pool party fully dressed.”
	She put her hand to her chin and nibbled her lip a little bit.
	I gave a small smile seeing how determined she was.
	“When we get there, we’ll get you one of the lifeguard suits. They’re a standard solid and shouldn’t give you away. Lots of people wear that red color.”
	And just like that, I became the newest country club member.
	

Chapter Seventeen
Drake

	Yawning, I pulled up to the country club in my red Jag. I tried to get in a quick nap before this afternoon’s oncoming snore fest, but I just tossed and turned. Lacey was now a solid part of my life, and I didn’t really know how I felt about that. I knew I fought hard for her job, but that was only because she was so desperate for it. What was the reason for her desperation? Why did she need this job so badly? Surely, she could have gotten work on the other side of the city. My only guess was that she needed money, lots of money that she couldn’t get anywhere other than working in the North Shore. I guess that was her business, and not mine. I still felt she was a bit of a hypocrite; barking at me for coming to the West Side when she was so quick to come over to this area. Whatever the case, I was stuck with her. I was stuck with someone who got in my head so badly that I couldn’t keep my thoughts straight. I didn’t like that feeling. I liked control. When Lacey was around, I wasn’t in control. To make matters worse, she was forbidden fruit now that she worked for my family. Becoming involved with each other wouldn’t benefit either of us. We’d have to continue to act like we’d just met. And after what happened between us, at least for me anyway, that would be damn hard. 
	Shaking it off, I tossed my keys to the valet. 
I’d just have to force myself into making sure Lacey wouldn’t be a problem for me. She would be here with Adele, but I wouldn’t let her get into my head. This was my world she stepped into now. She was the outsider. I was just going to keep to myself and ignore her. 
	I made it to the locker room, and stripped down to my navy trunks. I got a towel from the club’s freshly pressed ones, then made it out to make the friends I “logged in” to make today. I couldn’t guarantee I’d stay for the entire event, though. One nice thing about Lacey being around was that I did get to do whatever I wanted, and I intended to utilize that perk.
	Putting on my aviators, I shielded the sun as I stepped outside. Perfect bodies with glowing skin lay out on lawn chairs around the Olympic-sized pool. Some people sat at the bar while others nodded their heads to very lame music. 
It really was bad, like elevator music bad. I guess only the pre-approved stations were allowed for the junior members. This event was going to get dull very fast. 
	Gazing about, I saw my sister on her own lawn chair in her yellow swimsuit. I let out a sigh of relief. She was wearing a one-piece, so I didn’t have to threaten any junior members. I’d still keep a watchful eye on her though, just incase.
	She was surrounded by a few other girls who looked to be around her age, and those girls were not wearing one-pieces. I shook my head at the scraps of material they wore. They get younger and younger. Glancing past them, I searched out Lacey, but didn’t see her. Maybe she went to the bathroom or something.
	“Drake!”
	I turned. The buxom Goldie Locks known as Ashley Jameson waved her tan little hand at me; faked-baked for sure. She sat at a table with two other guys and three girls.
	Before I could even step that way, Ashley leaped from her chair. 
	I couldn’t help but think: thirsty much? These girls really did try too hard.
	Her breasts bobbed about as she practically skipped over to me in her polka dot bikini. 
	“Drake, you came.” She wrapped her arms around my neck like I was her long lost lover.
	I gave her one of those friendly pats on her back—the one where you barely touched the other person’s back.
	Finally letting go of me, she grabbed my hand. “I’m so glad you came.”
	“I told you I would,” I said.
	“I know, but you seemed a bit distracted at the fundraiser. You were probably just overwhelmed with your father’s debut and all, right?”
	Yeah, that was it. “Right,” I lied.
	“My father made sure to give a big donation. Tell him, he’s got The Jameson Family’s endorsement.”
	“I’ll be sure to tell him.” That was if I ever saw him. I made sure never to cross any unnecessary paths with my father; something I knew for a fact neither of us minded.
	“Well, come on. You have to meet the gang.” She dragged me over to the table with her friends.
	“Guys, this is Truman Drake. He goes by Drake, though.” She grinned at me. “Drake, this is Brittany, Jolene, and Mackenzie.” She pointed to the girls, and they all waved at me. “And this is Cooper and Logan.” She pointed to the guys.
	“Nice to meet you all,” I said.
	She pushed me down in a chair and took her seat next to me.
	“So Drake, how are you liking the Windy City?” The guy Ashley introduced as Cooper took a sip of his cocktail.
	“Definitely living up to its reputation,” I said, thinking about the cool summer breezes. “Didn’t expect its beauty, though.” 
	Ashley scooted closer to me when I said that, so I felt the need to continue my sentence. “With its historic landmarks and all.” 
	Cooper pushed his sunglasses up onto his dark buzz cut. “Yeah, those buildings are something, aren’t they? Where did your folks come from?”
	“St. Louis, East St. Louis area.”
	“Been down there many times. Great music scene.”
	Leaning back in my chair, I crossed my leg at the knee. “Yeah. Dying for some of that in here.” That elevator music was getting worse and worse.
	Cooper chuckled. “Yeah, Dad likes to keep these things very PG at the club.”
	Ashley leaned into me. “Cooper’s dad owns the country club.”
	She put her hand on my thigh after she said that. I believed she meant the action to be friendly. But friendliness required a touch and release, not a touch and death grip.
	Cooper gave me that oh-so-knowing eye when I glanced around for back up, that “watch yourself that one has marriage blinders on” look. Ms. Jameson obviously was seeking her match. Since she wasn’t technically hurting anything, I let the hand stay, but only because physically prying her fingers off my leg in front of everyone would be rude. I decided to shift the conversation to distract myself. “Are you all going to Northwestern in the fall, too?”
	Cooper glanced around the small group. “I believe most of us are.”
	“I’m going to Stanford.” Jolene, the girl with the short blonde bob, leaned forward.
	“Princeton for me.” Mackenzie raised her hand.
	Everyone else stated Northwestern, but Ashley was the last to speak. I hoped she’d state some place off in Timbuktu, but that thought fizzled when she said, “Northwestern.” She pursed her ruby lips at me.
	This one was going to require some clearly blatant “no way in hell” signs. I’d have to keep an eye on her.
	“What’s up with that? She can’t be a new lifeguard. She looks like she stepped out of the hood with that wild hair.” Ashley pointed behind us. 
	Turning my head, I blinked my eyes like active shutters.
	Lacey walked down the poolside in a red bikini, two triangles up top, and one below to hide her treasure. The suit clearly wasn’t made for someone of her. . . The first word that came to mind was: stature. She had tight curves and perfect, supple breasts, completely natural. Her bellybutton ring from the night we met was absent, but that didn’t take away from that amazing torso of hers. 
Breaking my concentration from her waist, I took in the rest of her curves.
Her bottom bathing suit piece held snug to her ass, accentuating the tone, and the two triangles that covered her breasts, just barely concealed them. The material strained across them. A wrong shift and she’d be flashing a nipple. I found myself shamefully wishing for a gust of that summer breeze. 
	A turn of my head showed me the men of the table were also praying for that same sudden change of wind pattern. The women, on the other hand gave short, little tsks with their tongues.
	“What is up with that?” asked Mackenzie. “Cooper, did your dad hire her?”
	All eyes went to Cooper who’s eyes were anywhere but the group. They still hung on Lacey. I shifted in my seat, trying not to let his extremely detailed analysis of her body bother me. 
	“I think she’s a member here.” His words came out on autopilot.
	Ashley leaned back. “No way. I don’t believe it.”
	As the group continued to watch Lacey, I could see why he jumped to that conclusion. She went toward Adele and her scandalously dressed posse and took a lawn chair two chairs away from them. Lying on her back, she propped one knee up and sunbathed. It was quite a sight to see.
	“I guess they let just anyone join up here. Did your dad start a scholarship program or something?”
	I snarled at Ashley’s words. The girl was snob and half, and I couldn’t believe I was forced to associate with these people.
	Cooper didn’t say anything, and the way his eyes continued to study Lacey made me clinch my fists. I had no intention of hitting him, but a face slam to the table would have done the trick just as well to make him stop looking at her. I was actually glad Ashley sat next to me now. Sitting between Cooper and myself, she kept his face from meeting the table.
	“See something you like, Cooper?” asked Jolene, her look smug.
	He better not.
	Cooper shrugged his shoulders. “Just admiring a fine piece of art. Nothing wrong with that.”
	My nostrils flared.
	“Well,” Ashley said, crossing her legs as she studied Lacey again, then turned to Cooper, “she seems perfect for you. You should ask her out.”
	With Ashley’s prolonged study of Lacey and Cooper, it didn’t take a rocket scientist to figure out what she meant by her comment. Cooper was black, and apparently, Ashley believed that single commonality made them compatible.
	Shifting, I moved my leg from under her hand. The abrupt action made her turn her head, but I refused to make eye contact with her.
	“Maybe I will.” Cooper scratched his chin.
	There was no way in hell I was even letting Cooper talk to Lacey let alone date her. To ensure that, I’d have to give my secret away, but at the moment, I didn’t care. “She isn’t a member here.”
	All eyes went my way.
	Ashley’s brow twitched up. “Do you know her, Drake?”
	“She works for my family.”
	“And what’s she doing here?” she asked.
	Grabbing the glass pitcher of lemonade on the table, I poured myself a glass. “She’s my nanny.”


Chapter Eighteen
Lacey

	I pulled my hair away from neck, attempting to get some sun there. I couldn’t believe this was actually my job. I was being paid to just lay here and sunbathe. Well, I guess technically I was supposed be around for Adele and keep tabs on Drake, but they were well old enough to take care of themselves. Not to mention, neither one of them wanted the personal assistant to assist. This was, by far, the most interesting job I’d ever had. I couldn’t wait to tell Margot. She’d flip.
	“Hey there.”
	With the familiar velvet words, I smiled, turning my head to the right. Drake approached in his navy trunks, with a stamped country club towel draped over his sculpted arm. He really did have a swimmer’s body. Long and hard, he was cut in all the right places. Quite a sight for a girl to see.
	This was my job? I had to be dreaming.
	I rose up, hugging my knees. “Hey.”
	He smiled that heartbreaker smile, pushing his aviators into his jet-black hair. “You should probably cover up that suit before you start a riot, Lace.”
	My cheeks went warm. He probably shouldn’t say such things to me, but I couldn’t bring myself to scold him. The comment definitely didn’t make me feel bad that was for sure. “Really funny, Drake.”
	He handed his towel out to me. “No. I’m being serious.” He nodded behind him.
	Gazing around his long frame, I saw the table he referred to. A group of kids our age went instantly back into their conversation like they weren’t just staring over here.
	My face blazed now as I grabbed his towel. “Sorry. I told Adele this one looked too risqué. She said it looked the least lame.”
	Chuckling, Drake sat on the chair next to mine. “Those definitely sound like her words. Where did you two even get the suit?”
	I tucked the towel around my body. “It’s one of the lifeguards. I think it’s still in beta testing, though. No one else is wearing them.”
	“I think once the owners see you in it they probably won’t be going into regulation anytime soon. People will be trying to drown themselves on purpose just so the guards will save them.”
	I laughed.
	“Anyway, I mostly came over here to tell you I’m about to head out. The party is not really my scene. I was wondering if you had Derrick’s number.”
	“I do. But why do you need it?”
	“He was cool the other night. I just wanted to see if he wanted to hangout.”
	 The uneasiness built inside my chest. “Drake, you’re not going back over to the West Side are you?”
	He sighed. “Space, Lace.”
	I let out a breath. “Sorry. Yeah, I have it.” Reaching into my satchel, I found my phone. “When will you be back?”
	“Before 2:00 a.m. I can’t guarantee how long Mom and Father will be out, so I have to abide by the ‘rules’.” He air quoted.
	I displayed the phone number, and he typed it into his own phone.
	“Thanks, you’re a doll.” He kissed my cheek.
	I froze.
	When he pulled back, he had an uneasy look on his face. “Sorry. It, uh, felt natural in the moment. Won’t happen again. I promise.”
	Finally, my lungs took in air. “No big. See you tonight? I’ll wait up.”
	He nodded once. When he got up and left, I got a full view of the table he referred to earlier. That kiss definitely didn’t go unseen.
	Glancing away from the blonde’s eyes, I lay back down on my lawn chair.
	“Ooh, hottie alert. Too bad he’s leaving.”
	Turning just slightly, I saw Adele’s redheaded friend was the one who spoke. The girl’s bikini was smaller than mine, and I couldn’t understand why a mother would let her child go out like that. We lived in different worlds I guessed.
	“Who are you talking about, Abby?” Adele rose up.
	Wondering who myself, I followed their stare. Drake was the only guy out of the pool in that direction, and he was headed out the door.
	Snickering, I turned my head back. Hottie indeed.
	“Ugh! Are you talking about my brother?” Adele asked, face mortified.
	Fighting a chuckle, I closed my eyes under the rays.
	“That’s your brother?” Abby asked.
	Not liking the girl’s tone, I gazed her way. All of the girls sat up now. Each one had shock written across their faces.
	“But he’s Asian,” Abby continued.
	Clenching my teeth, I fought hard not to give the girl my death stare. What the hell did it matter that her brother was Asian? 
	“My parents adopted him from Korea,” Adele said in a quiet voice.
	Why was she being so timid all the sudden? Where was the girl’s snip when she actually needed it? If someone said that about my family, I’d have been hitting them where it hurt with my words.
	“Oh. So he’s like . . . cultured or something. Hot.”
	The phrase “ignorance is bliss” definitely came to mind in that moment.
	“He was adopted as a baby,” Adele said.
	“Oh, okay. Well, whatever, will he be at the party?”
	“Probably not. He usually stays out pretty late on the weekends.”
	“Oh.”
	Adele’s friends just kind of stared at each other after Abby’s comment.
	Adele’s friend with the short, blonde hair leaned in. “You should ask him if he can stop by. We’d love to meet him.”
	“Yeah, that’s a great idea, Claire,” Abby chimed back in.
	“I guess I can, but I don’t see why him being there should matter. He’s pretty boring.”
	“Doesn’t look boring.” Claire smacked her glossy lips in the direction of Drake’s departure.
	She wishes.
	“I don’t want to bother him tonight, girls. Besides, he’d sour the party. I got my mom to rent us some movies, and my nan—” Adele bit her lip. “My maid is cooking for us.”
	I was apparently the maid now. I guess I’d play along. I knew how important it was to fit in at that age and maid definitely sounded cooler than nanny.
	Abby perked up. “Ooh, what kind of stuff?”
	Adele laundry listed the “snacks” I was supposed to prepare. Just as I suspected her friends looked less than enthused as she was about them. I knew those weren’t foods teenaged girls liked. 
	“Actually,” Abby said, grabbing her phone, “I think we should move the party to my house. My dad just got this killer sound system put into our home theater. I haven’t tried it out yet, but I bet it’s sweet.”
	Adele’s expression dropped. “Our system is pretty good.”
	Abby put her hands on her hips. “Do you have a home theater?”
	 “No.” Adele rubbed her arm restlessly.
	Abby nodded and typed into her phone. “I’ll tell my mom we’re coming.”
	“But if we move the party to your house, I can’t go. My parents are out, and I won’t be able to ask them for permission,” Adele said.
	Abby put her phone to ear. “There will be other parties, Adele.”
	“Wait.” Adele bent over, rustling in her swim bag. “If I get my brother to come can we still have it at my house?”
	Abby looked at Claire and the blonde sitting next to her. The blondes both shrugged, then Abby said, “I guess.”
	Without another word Adele stopped rummaging in her bag and came over to me. I glanced away quickly, so she wouldn’t know I eavesdropped.
	“Lacey, can I borrow your phone? I accidentally left mine at home, and I have to call Drake.”
	Not hesitating, I gave it to her.
	She quickly dialed and put the receiver to her ear. 
	When he didn’t pick up, she bit her lip.
	“Come on. Come on. Pick up. Pick up.” She bounced on her legs restlessly.
	She ended the call and stepped away from my chair.
	I grabbed her arm. “Wait. Where are you going?”
	She moved away from my hand. “I’m going to see if I can catch him.” She turned to leave again.
	“Adele, he is long gone by now.”
	“You don’t know that, and I didn’t ask you.”
	I sighed. “I know you didn’t, but either way I don’t think you should bother him. I overheard what you girls were talking about, and I don’t think your friends have your best interest at heart—” 
	 “You were listening to us.” Her eyes blazed.
	“Yes and I’m glad I did. I know how important it is to fit in, but you don’t need to feel like you have to impress them.”
	She pointed at me. “I didn’t ask you, and stay the hell out of my business. I’m going to get Drake.”
	As she left, her friends all snickered in my direction.
	Lying back, I put my arm over my face in mental exhaustion. 
	What am I going to do with that girl?


Chapter Nineteen
Drake

	I pulled my Jag into the urban neighborhood. A group of kids playing ball in the middle of the street scattered when they saw me. They eyed my car warily as I drove through, and after I cleared, continued doing so for a few moments before getting back into their game. I cursed under my breath for not driving something a little more discreet. My car stood out like a Pinto in a Mercedes dealership.
	Shaking my head at my own ignorance, I drove down to the house at the end of the block. This one stood out because there were happy children playing in the yard as they ran through water that sprayed out from a lawn sprinkler.
	I found that interesting since I’d never done that before. It looked like fun.
	When I got out of my car, Derrick was already heading down the green porch steps.
	With a grin, he grabbed my hand, pulled me into a hug, and slapped my back. “Driving the Jag into the hood I see. You know I’m taking this baby for a spin before you leave.”
	I chuckled, pulling away. “Sure thing, but I only have one stipulation: we drive fast.”
	“Yeah, kid. You and I are going to get along just fine. Hey, you hungry?”
	“Starved.”
	He brought me into the large home. The crisp smell of warm bread and smoked ham alerted my senses. My mouth actually watered at the anticipation of knowing I’d put some real calories into my system. Mom had us on cardboard diets at home. To curb it, I usually ended up at White Castle in the middle of the night.
	We passed through the living room where a couple of kids sat around playing Wii. Well into their game, they ignored us as we headed into the kitchen.
	“Derrick, whose car is that outside?” A petite black woman came into the kitchen from the hall. She was quite becoming, and had a smile that was very familiar to me. She must have been related to Lacey somehow.
	Derrick gestured to me. “Mama, this is Drake. Drake, Mama.”
	Her smile brightened. “Nice to meet you, Drake. You hungry? I hope my boy offered you some food.”
	I laughed. “He did, ma’am.”
	She waved off my comment. “Stop with that ma’am stuff. Call me Gladys. I got some cornbread in the oven, and collard greens and ham on the stove. Help yourself.”
	I fought in a groan. Calories.
	I quickly prepared my plate, filling up every visible space, and took a seat at the table. Derrick and his mama stared at me with wide eyes as I ate. I put down so much and in such large amounts that I was sure I looked like I’d never seen food before in my life. My binge reminded me of the days I had before a big swim meet in high school. I had to eat lots of carbs and in massive quantities to prepare for the laps. 
	Derrick’s mama leaned in. “Is your mama not feeding you, boy?”
	I froze on the massive bite I took of cornbread.
	Derrick chuckled. “He’s from the North Shore, Mama. I can imagine he’s missed out on your good cooking.”
	He didn’t know the half of it.
	“North Shore, huh? Quite different I suppose.” She laughed. “Anyway, enjoy. I’m going to go try to pull these kids off that game so they clean up their rooms. I curse the day I ever bought the damn thing.”
	She left Derrick and I at the table, and a few groans coming from the living room sounded right after. I chuckled as I dived back into my plate of food.
	“So what brings you to my neck of the woods, man? You sounded pretty desperate on the phone,” Derrick asked. 
	The real question was: what didn’t bring me here? “The party at the good ole’ country club just wasn’t doing it for me. I needed some air, I guess.”
	“Yeah, I can imagine. What do you guys do for fun over there anyway? I work in the kitchen so I don’t really see much.”
	I shrugged. “Nothing worth noting. Sipping drinks around the pool while we talk about mommy and daddy’s money.”
	“Well, your problems could be worse. At least you don’t have to hustle.”
	“I guess.”
	“You should do more than ‘guess.’ You got life pretty good up there, man. I wouldn’t be taking it for granted.”
	Poking my fork at my greens, I didn’t respond to that comment. The last thing I came down here for was a lecture. I got enough of that from my parents.
	“Anyway, I hear from my Aunt Naya, Lacey’s mama, that Lacey’s got a job up that way working for a family.”
	I stopped my poking. 
	“Anyone you know?”
	Scratching the back of my neck, I let out a breath. I guess there was no reason to lie to him. “Yeah. She’s actually working for my family.”
	His eyebrows shot up. “Your family? Isn’t that hitting a little too close to home after what happened between you guys?”
	My head shot his way. 
	He laughed. “Margot filled me in. Said you two hooked up.”
	If it had gone that far, I wouldn’t be here right now. If I got into bed with that girl it would be damn hard for me to get out. “We didn’t hook up, but I guess we did have moment.”
	“A moment, huh?”
	Fire brewed inside me just thinking about it. “Yeah, a strong moment. It doesn’t matter, though. My mom would never approve of us dating for obvious reasons.”
	“What do you mean by obvious?”
	Derrick’s tone went weird just then, and it had me uneasy.
	I shifted in my seat. “Well, I wouldn’t let my kid date anyone that worked for me. I’d be worried about them sneaking off all the time.”
	“Oh, yeah. Right.”
	Awkwardly, I looked away.
	“Well, regardless of the status between you two, can you do me a solid and look out for her while she’s up there? She’s in a new environment, and I just want to know she’s being cared for. She’s really something special, my ‘cus.”
	I smiled. “Sure thing.” She was something special that Lacey Douglas.
	A few short chirps hit the air, and Derrick reached into his pocket. 
	While he studied his phone, I took in the last few bites of my meal.
	“Hey, uh, Ty’s out front.”
	My teeth stopped chewing. I swallowed what I had in my mouth in a large lump.
	“He’s, uh, asking about the car parked out front of my house.” 
	Well, hell. First the guy took my money, and now he was about to get my ride.
	Standing up, Derrick put his phone back in his pocket. “Sorry, man. I didn’t know he was coming over.”
	I stood as well. “What should I do?”
	“You probably should head out. He shouldn’t give you any problems.”
	Shouldn’t or wouldn’t? I guess I’d trust his judgment. It was still technically daytime, and I wasn’t in an alley. 
	“Hey, when we go out there don’t mention Lacey’s working for you. Actually, don’t mention you know Lacey at all.”
	Before I could ask him why, he led me outside. Tyrone and three of his posse circled my car, studying it with bottles of beer in their hands. When Tyrone looked up, he tilted his beer bottle toward me.
	“Eh, Mini Warbucks, didn’t expect to see you here today. I guess we know who was brave enough to drive his car to the West Side, boys.” He gestured to his crew.
	His friends nodded, eyeing me as I came down the porch steps with Derrick.
	Tyrone put his large, scaly hand on the hood of my car. “What are you doing down here anyway, man? You’re a long way from the country club.”
	I opened my mouth to speak, but Derrick spoke first.
	“He just came to see me. Mama hooked him up with some grub,” he said.
	Derrick looked calm, but his body language wasn’t as casual as it was inside. He was tensed up and holding direct eye contact with Tyrone. He said I didn’t have anything to worry about, but he wasn’t acting like it.
	Tyrone wiped his lip with his finger after taking a drink. “You guys all buddy-buddy now? I wasn’t invited to the party.”
	Before Derrick could respond, I cut in this time. “I came over unexpected. He didn’t know.”
	Tyrone smirked. “Right.”
	“Anyway,” I said, taking my keys out of my pocket, “I was just heading out.” Giving Derrick a quick shake, I said, “Tell your mama thanks for the food.”
	“Will do.” 
	I went around to the driver’s side of the car, but didn’t get in. Tyrone’s hand was still on the hood. Refusing to give off the expression that I cared, I waited. It would just set the guy off if I acted like his actions bothered me, so I stood patiently.
	“This is a nice ride you got here, Mini,” he said, running his hand in a small circle over the red paint.
	“Thanks. Brand new.”
	“Yeah, I’m sure.” Lifting his hand, he finally stepped away from the car. “I, uh, wouldn’t come back around here if you know what I mean. You got a pass today. Don’t waste it.”


Chapter Twenty
Lacey

	When I opened my eyes it was still dark outside of the window of the guest room. Blinking a few times, I rose up. I didn’t mean to fall asleep without checking to make sure Drake got home by curfew. He told me he would be on time, and I did trust him, but I was still a bit paranoid since it was my first night on the job.
	The bedside clock read 2:45 a.m., and I got up out of bed. It might already be too late, but I needed to check on him anyway. There was no getting back to sleep until I eased my mind.
	When I left my room, I went to the right first. Pushing open the door, I saw Adele. She slept belly down on her bed with her hand draped over the side. 
	Her phone was on the floor directly under her hand.
	Poor thing. After she didn’t catch Drake at the country club she must have tried to call him all night. Creeping in, I padded to her bed. I put her phone on her dresser, then tucked her in so she was sleeping properly. 
	Smiling, I stepped back from her. She looked so angelic when she slept, not the snippy little thing I usually encountered. I needed to figure out a way to make it through to her. She wouldn’t even talk to me after we left the country club. She spent all night in her room; refusing to even eat the dinner I prepared for her. Maybe Drake could help. He was her brother after all.
	I left her room, then went to the one on the other side of my door. Drake’s room.
	Sneaking a peak first, I saw him. Sleeping belly down, his hand was draped over the side of his bed.
	I snickered. Like brother like sister.
	Feeling it was okay, I came in. I knew he was home now, but I wanted to make sure he got in on time. I had no idea if his parents were home or not. If they were home, they naturally would have checked on him to make sure he followed his curfew. If he turned up late when they checked, then I’d have to prepare myself mentally for tomorrow.
	I padded just as softly to his bed in the darkened room. Gently picking up his arm, I placed it properly. There was enough room on the edge of his mattress to sit so I did. Once there I didn’t move right away. I knew I should have, but I didn’t.
	Shirtless, Drake’s perfect back took my attention. The light of the moon from his window exposed it more. His sheets rested just below two magnificent back dimples and the cotton material of the thin bedding encased a round toosh. The sheets formed over his butt so perfectly I would have guessed he didn’t wear any clothing while he slept.
	I shook my head. Surely, he wore something, right? It was more uncommon to not wear clothes to bed than it was, right?
	Convincing myself of the thought, I shook his shoulder. “Drake?”


Chapter Twenty-One
Drake

	Drake.
	Lacey called out my name as I pushed into her. I claimed her. Possessed her. Her body was smooth; hot, everywhere I touched her. And I touched her everywhere.
	Drake.
	She moaned when I touched her there. She really liked being touched there. I’d have to remember that for the future. 
	Drake, wake up.
	Wake up? My eyes shot open. Lacey’s chocolate-brown eyes stared right at me.
	In a panic, I grabbed my sheet and rolled off the opposite end of the bed. Wrapped up in the bedding, I hit the floor.
	She gasped from above. “Drake? Drake!” she whispered her call, shimmying my bed with her movements. “Oh my God. Are you okay?” 
	She didn’t appear above me yet, so I held up my hand so she wouldn’t. “Lacey, don’t look down here.”
	The movement on my bed stopped. “Why?”
	“Because I am naked.”
	“What?” she squeaked.
	“I’m naked, Lacey. Can you please hand me my jeans beside my bed?”
	“Oh my God, Drake. I’m so sorry. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have come in here. Oh, I’m so sorry.”
	My lips tight, I nodded once against the hardwood floor. “I’ll wait.”
	“Oh, right. I’m so sorry.”
	Shimmying sounded from above, then my jeans fell from the air and hit my head. I managed to get myself untangled from the bedding, and got the faded-washed pair on.
	“Are you still naked?”
	Chuckling, I pushed myself off the floor.
	Hand on her chest, Lacey stared wide-eyed at the edge of my bed. “God, I’m sorry. I just came to see if you made it home on time.”
	Shaking my head, I joined her on the bed. “I did make it home on time. Don’t worry. My parents weren’t even here when I got in.”
	“Oh, great. Do you know if they’re here now?”
	Glancing out my window, I looked at the garage. Dad’s Bimmer sat in the drive. “Looks like it.”
	“Oh. I should probably head back to my room then. I don’t want them to catch me in here.”
	When she got up, her perfect, round ass took my attention. In little bed shorts, she jiggled all the way to the door. 
	“No. Don’t go. I want to know how Adele’s party went,” I said, not really caring at all. I kind of just wanted to watch her exit again after she told me. “Don’t worry about Father and Mom. They’re on the first floor.”
	“Oh yeah. That’s right.” She came back and retook her seat on the edge of my bed.
	My lashes flickered, and my gaze made a beeline for her chest. She was bra-less—in a tank top. Brilliant. I fought in a groan. She couldn’t be this close to me without an accident occurring. Building up my strength, I said, “Could you take a seat on my desk chair? I don’t think you should be this close to me like that.”
	Following my gaze, she dipped her head. “Oh, um. Yeah. Do you have like a shirt I can use to, um—” 
	With closed eyes and tight lips, I pointed to my door. “There’s a robe on the door.” I opened my eyes to get one last look at her ass before she covered it. 
	After she got the robe on, she took my chair. “Better?”
	“Much. Thanks.”
	“Sorry for all the trouble.”
	“No big.” It was actually the highlight of my night. After I left Derrick’s, I just kind of drove around and ended up at what had come to be my favorite spot in town. I discovered the vacant overlook of the city the first week we moved here after a blowup with Father. It was now my refuge if I needed time to myself. And I needed time after I was so callously banned from Lacey’s side of town for simply being there. 
	“I’m glad you asked about the party, Drake. Things went terrible after you left the country club.”
	“What happened?” She seemed like she had everything under control when I left. Unless that asshat Cooper approached her. He better hope that’s not what she was about to tell me.
	“Adele’s friends completely abandoned her. They moved the party to one of their houses.”
	I squinted, confused. “Why?”
	“They didn’t like the menu she prepared.”
	I scrunched up my face. “The menu? That doesn’t seem like a good enough reason to move an entire party.”
	“Well, there was something else.” She bit at the space where her lip ring used to be.
	I missed that lip ring. Ignoring what she did, I asked, “Okay? What?”
	“They wanted to watch movies in a home theater, and your parents don’t have one.”
	I nodded. Adele’s friends sounded worse than the lot I was stuck with earlier. 
	“Okay,” she huffed, “and there was something else.” 
	“Which is?”
	“They uh . . .”
	Okay, now that lip ring had to come back with the way she was biting at her mouth. I’d have to convince her it was okay to wear on the job.
	“They wanted you there,” she rushed out, “and when Adele said you wouldn’t be, they decided they didn’t want to come over. And why weren’t you by your phone, Drake? Adele tried to call you and—”
	“Wait.” I held up my hand. “Step back. Rewind. Why would they want me there—”
	“Because they thought you were hot, okay?”
	My snort turned into a chuckle. The chuckle turned into full out laughter.
	Reaching out, she smacked my arm. “It’s not funny, Drake. Your sister called you at the country club. When she couldn’t get a hold of you, she ran after you to see if she could catch you. When that didn’t work, she demanded I take her home. The car ride was awkward and silent. Then, when we got home she yelled at me, said it was my fault her party was a bust because I tried to keep her from bothering you. She spent the rest of the night in her room trying to call you.”
	I sucked in a breath. “Damn.”
	“Damn is right. I don’t know what to do. She completely hates me, Drake. What if she never talks to me again? You should have seen the look on her face. She was completely shattered when we got home.” She put her head in her hands, shaking her head.
	Sighing, I grabbed one of her hands. The rolling chair pulled her over as I tugged her hand to make her stand. I then sat her down beside me and wrapped my arm around her.
	“We probably shouldn’t do this, Drake,” she said this, but she didn’t pull away.
	“I know, but are you going to stop me?”
	She shook her head against the crook of my neck.
	“There is nothing wrong with this. I’m just a friend comforting a friend, okay? That’s all this is I promise you.” And I meant that. I really did.
	When she nodded that familiar scent of cherry and vanilla wafted from her curls and filled my nose. Even with the fire that burned inside me from the smell, I kept our touch platonic. This was what she needed right now. Not the other thing. I would look out for her, just like I told Derrick I would.
	“Drake, her friends were just so cruel and shallow. I’ve never seen anything like it before. Not even when I went to high school. I didn’t think they were worth brothering you so she could impress them. I don’t know. Maybe I just shouldn’t have said anything.”
	I sighed. “If there’s one thing I’ve learned about my sister it’s that she needs support.”
	“Support?”
	“Yeah, support in her decisions and choices. The best thing you could have done today was let her try to find me. She would have realized she couldn’t, and let it go. When you intercepted that process, the rage went your way. So the best advice I can give you is don’t fight her on anything. Let her learn from her own mistakes.”
	She raised her head. “Learn from her own mistakes?”
	I nodded, giving her a half-smile. “Sometimes letting people learn is the best way, Lace. She’ll find out on her own that those girls might not be the best friends she could make. But let her learn on her own.”


Chapter Twenty-Two
Lacey

	I felt his words had double meaning when he said that. Did he deliberately say them referencing what happened between us?
	“For now, just be the support system she needs. You do that, and I think you’ll be golden,” he said, running his arm up and down my body.
	Waves surged through me, and I slid my arms around his waist to be closer to him. “What should I do in the meantime about her? She won’t even talk to me.”
	“You’ll just have to get creative. You’ll figure it out.”
	Lifting my head, I smiled. “Okay.”
	He dipped his head to see my eyes with his lips slightly turned up to the side. “We good now?”
	“Yep.”
	“Platonic arms leaving your body in: Three. Two. One.” He let me go.
	I laughed, nudging him with my shoulder. “So how did your night go?”
	“Been better. It was what it was.”
	“Did you go to the West Side?” I asked with a hitch of concern in my voice. I really hated that the environment intrigued him so that he continued to go there.
Sighing, he shook his head at me. “I did, Lace, but as you can see I’m still alive and kicking. I just wanted to hang out with your cousin. Your aunt was there. She gave me some of her awesome cooking.”
	That made me happy. Aunt Gladys was always accommodating. “That’s great.”
	When he nodded, he gave a cute little yawn.
	Before he could stop me, I pushed him back on the bed.
	His eyes went wide. “What are you doing?”
	“I’m tucking you in like I did your sister.”
	Relaxing, he didn’t fight me.
	After I got the blankets around him, I kissed him on the forehead.
	“I have such a good nanny.” He grinned.
	“And don’t you forget it.

*

	Adele dropped her shoulders when she saw me in the kitchen making breakfast the following morning. 
	“Good morning.” I smiled bright.
	Adele didn’t smile bright. Not saying a word, she went through the kitchen and into the dining room.
	I had a plan that I hoped would get us on the same page and possibly fix things with her friends. I just hoped the variables all panned out.
	As I headed into the dining room with her plate of poached eggs and an English muffin, Mrs. Drake took her seat in the dining room next to her daughter. The woman looked just as fabulous in the morning as she did any other time. Her hair prim and perfect, she looked ready for a big day of schmoozing with her fellow socialites. 
	“Mmm. Something smells good, Lacey,” she said, watching me set down Adele’s plate.
	“Thank you, Mrs. Drake. I have your breakfast in the stove. I made it first.” I quickly left them to go retrieve it.
	When I came back with her warm cereal, Mrs. Drake gazed around the table. She looked at Adele. “Where are your friends, sweetie?” 
	Adele stiffened, then glanced my way.
	Enacting step one of operation: “Befriend Adele” I said, “They actually moved the party to one of the other girl’s houses.”
	Adele shot me a look.
	“Oh? Why’s that?” 
	Before Adele could speak, I jumped in, “Adelaide fell ill yesterday afternoon. She wasn’t feeling up to the party and was forced to cancel. She felt terrible about it, but she knew she was sick and had no choice. The call was very responsible of her.”
	“Oh, sweetie.” With a look of worry, Mrs. Drake felt her daughter’s forehead. “How are you feeling? Do you want to go back to bed?”
	Adele glanced my way for help.
	I smiled. “It was actually just some bad food.”
	Mrs. Drake looked at me, perfectly sculpted eyebrows knit. “At the country club? What did she eat?”
	“No, it was actually junk food. I stopped by a drive-thru for something. I shouldn’t have let her order anything, but I did. Completely my fault.”
	“Lacey, you were advised about Adelaide’s diet. This will have to be a strike against you.”
	I nodded. “I understand.”
	Mrs. Drake swept back her daughter’s hair. “How do you feel now, sweetie? Do you need some seltzer water or crackers?”
	Adele went right into the act, shaking her head somberly. “No, that’s okay. I’m actually feeling great. Lacey took care of me.”
	I smiled inside as I headed into the kitchen for their drinks.
	“Are you still feeling up for back-to-school shopping today?” Mrs. Drake asked Adele as I brought the apple juice and coffee into the dining room.
	“I told you I’m fine, Mom.” Adele laughed.
	“Well, good. We can’t go until this evening, though. I have a PTO meeting at your new school this afternoon.”
	“I could take her if it’s more convenient,” I said, pouring the coffee into Mrs. Drake’s fine china cup. I was going to volunteer anyway. That was step two in my plan. I knew via the Drake family schedule that back-to-school shopping was today, and taking Adele to the mall myself seemed like a good bonding experience for the two of us.
	“Could you, Lacey? That would really help. Do you mind, Adelaide?”
	Adele shook her head as she nibbled on her eggs.
	“Great. I’ll take care of dinner then, Lacey, since you two will be out,” said Mrs. Drake, adding cream to her coffee. “I’ll be here by the time you get back.”
A phone rang in the next room, and Mrs. Drake turned her head. Wiping her mouth with her cloth napkin, she stood. “I need to take that. I’m expecting a call from Mrs. Jameson about tomorrow’s Society Ladies’ Luncheon.”
I froze. Hopefully, she wouldn’t mention the lie I told her to Mrs. Jameson. She said she wouldn’t, so I guess I just had to hold faith.
Playing it off like I was calm, I poured Adele’s apple juice from the glass carafe.
“You didn’t have to do that you know.” Eating her eggs, Adele didn’t look at me.
“I know.” I rose up after her crystal goblet was filled. 
She didn’t say anything else, so I left to put the juice back into the kitchen.
I stopped after only a few steps.
Deciding it was safe to take another chance with Adele, I turned toward her and said, “Hey, before we go shopping do you mind if I braid your hair? There’s this new style I’ve been dying to try out, but I think it’s more suited for you.”
Still not looking at me, she scrapped her fork around in eggs. “Sure. I guess.”
I guess that one could be considered Step Two-Point-Five of my plan.

*

	Holding Adele’s shopping bags, the two of us approached her favorite store in the mall. I stalled as long as I could so we could make it to this store last. Before we left the house Mrs. Drake informed me Adele really liked this boutique, so this was the one I set for the meetup with her friends. I scheduled to have them meet us here at a specific time and keeping Adele from coming to this shop first was a struggle, but I managed to do it. The stress and strain of the planning was all worth it when Adele’s face lit up as she entered.
	“Adele!” Adele’s redheaded friend, Abby, waved by a display of clothing.
	Adele’s mouth dropped open, and she waved back in disbelief. “Abby, hey!”
	Abby tugged the arm of the blonde girl standing next her. Claire, I thought her name was. Claire turned around and got the attention of the other girl that was with Adele at the country club. Both blondes smiled and waved alongside Abby.
	Adele looked like she was going to flip she was so excited to see them. “Marigold. Claire. Hey!”
	All three of the girls rushed over to her Adele. 
	Abby swept Adele up in an embrace. “Thanks for inviting us to shop today, so much more fun than our pottery class. We were happy to get out of it.”
	Wide-eyed, Adele looked at me for help.
	I winked.
	Adele bit her lip to contain her smile and was led off when Abby put her arm around her.
	“Killer hair,” Abby said, playing with one of Adele’s waterfall braids that fell into loose ringlets. “Totally saw Katy Perry rock this on E! Network the other day.”
	Not quite, but she was close.
	“Adele, I’ll be around,” I said to her.
	She waved me off, and I wandered around the displays. Step Three was complete. I still had one more step to seal the deal, though. That time would come a little later.
	Adjusting the bags on my shoulder, I scanned the clothing. Saying every rack I came across was way out of my price range was an understatement. Maybe I could buy a bangle or two, one for me and one for Margot. They might have a nice affordable pair of earrings for Mama, as well. I’d be seeing her tonight, so I wanted to get her something. I checked in with Sue on the phone this morning. Mama had the poor woman worked over. Perhaps, I’d get the caretaker something, as well.
	Heading to the jewelry display, I checked out the merchandise.
	“Very pretty.”
	My hand stopped on the pair of rose quartz studs when I looked up to see who spoke to me.
	A tall, attractive dark-skinned guy stood beside me in a teal-colored Polo shirt. I wasn’t usually into the popped-up collar look, but he wore it well.
	“Thanks,” I said, taking my attention back to the earrings.
	“They’d look quite nice on you. You should buy them.”
	I laughed. “A little out of my price range, but I might think about it.”
	He didn’t say anything else, but I knew he still stood there watching me. It was rather odd the guy was even in here. This wasn’t a unisex clothing store. Playing along with the conversation he started, I picked up a pair of yellow sunflower earrings and put them to my ear. “How about these? A little more affordable and quite cute.”
	He flashed a pair of pearly whites when he smiled. “I think just about any jewelry you purchase will suit you.”
	A real player this one, but I was always a sucker for compliments. “How about I pick out a pair for you? Since you’re in a female clothing store you had to have come in for something.”
	He sucked in a breath. “I see I’ve been caught. I’ll admit it. The only reason I came in was for you. I saw you at the country club pool party, and when I happened to see you coming in here today I just knew I had to meet you. I’m Cooper Ferguson.” He held out his hand.
	I shook it. “Nice to meet you, Cooper Ferguson. I’m Lacey Douglas.”
	“Ah, I know. The nanny. Drake told us about you at the party.”
	I didn’t remember seeing this guy at the table Drake was at. Then again, the blonde had my attention since she was giving me the evil eye for that kiss from Drake.
	“My official title is at-home personal assistant, but Drake likes to joke.”
	“Yeah. He did seem to have a sense of humor at our table.” He laughed. “Hey, you and him aren’t uh, seeing each other are you?”
	My eyes widened. He must have seen the kiss, too. I hoped he wouldn’t spread it around. Word could get to Mr. and Mrs. Drake. “Oh, no. I just work for his family, and Drake’s friendly.” That was the best way to explain his directness. 
	Looking like he liked that answer, Cooper crossed his arms and lounged against the wall next to the jewelry display. “I didn’t think you were since you worked for his family. I just wanted to make sure.”
	I didn’t have to question why he wanted to make sure. This guy had that look. The look that said he saw something he wanted. Drake had given me that look, too. The difference was I knew I gave it back to him.
	“So, since you seem to be at odds with your jewelry purchase let me help. My uncle is a jeweler and has taught me a thing or two on the jewelry front.”
	“Oh, he is, is he?” I wasn’t surprised when he told me his uncle was a jeweler. There was nothing unusual about that statement. I didn’t think he’d use his uncle’s status as a pick-up, though.
	“That he is. So let me advise you.”
	Cocking my head to the side, I said, “Sure.”
	

Chapter Twenty-Three
Drake

	Honestly, I didn’t know how to react at first when I saw Cooper putting costume jewelry up to Lacey’s ear like she was a frickin’ Macy’s Department Store mannequin. 
	I just knew the wrong reaction was kept at bay only by the civilized gentlemen my parents raised, and Cooper should thank God I was that gentlemen.
	Pushing my aviators into my hair, I managed to get over to the spectacle in half the amount of strides it would have taken an equally determined man.
	I was pretty damn determined.
	“Oh, Drake. Hi,” said Lacey, giggling like a squeaky, high-pitched pixie since Cooper’s fingers were still near her ear with the cheap-ass earrings.
	Finally seeing me, Cooper pulled his hands from their too close proximity of her neck. “Hey, Drake. How are you doing, man?”
	Better than he was about to be if he didn’t back the hell up. “Fine,” I said, giving him a forced smile. “I see you met my nanny.” I swept over to her, angling my body around hers.
	From the corner of my eye, I saw Lacey shoot me a look, but I refused to take my sight off Cooper to respond.
	“I did. Though, she prefers the term at-home assistant.”
	Yeaaah, these two had been talking way too long before I came over. Thank goodness I arrived when I did. “What are you doing here, Cooper? Back-to-school shopping?”
	He chuckled. “Funny, Drake. I actually was shopping for some outfits for Northwestern at the store next door. I was just leaving when I saw Lacey come in here. Decided to introduce myself since I’ll be seeing lots of her around the country club with your sister. My father does own the establishment, after all. I thought it best to stay in the know, you know?”
	I highly doubted being cordial was his intent, especially after that “fine piece of art” comment he made at the country club.
	“I guess I could question you with the same question since you’re here,” he continued.
	I gave my deep, throaty laugh, though I found nothing funny about his poke at my previous question.
	“I’m actually here to take my sister, her friends, and my nanny for some frozen yogurt. Speaking of which, we probably should be going. It was great seeing you.” Grabbing Lacey by the arm, I tugged her with me.
	Her feet skidded. “What are you doing, Drake? We don’t have to go right this second, and why were you being so rude to Cooper?”
	I remained silent until I got her a fair distance away from him. “I’m saving you from that snob. He just wants in your pants.” Technically, so did I, but at least I was a bit more discreet about it. Not to mention, she didn’t have to worry about that now since she worked for my family.
	“Whatever, Drake, and no, you’re not saving me. You’re being possessive when you have no right to be. We’re not dating, Drake.” 
	I felt a strain occur in my chest when she said that. I was well aware of our status. “Regardless, he is not the type of person you should be associating with. In fact, no one around here is, so it’s best you just stay away them. They’re all a bunch of snobs and not worth your time.”
	Scoffing, she pulled her arm from my hand. “This conversation sounds familiar.”
	“No, it doesn’t. This is a completely different situation. You have no idea what you’re dealing with. You’re not from here, and you’re in way over your head.”
	She crossed her arms. “Now, this really sounds familiar. You have no right to come at me like this, not when you wouldn’t listen to me about how things are on my side of town.”
	“Lacey, don’t be this way. I’m just trying to look out for you—”
	“Now, you listen to me,” she said, pointing at me. “I’m technically the party in charge in this situation since my job is to keep you in check for my employer, and being in charge of this situation I say you need to back off. We are not together therefore you have no right to keep me away from anyone. Now, I’m going to go back over there and invite Cooper to come with us to apologize for your rudeness. When I get back, we will all go, and you better be on your best behavior. This hangout is supposed to be for your sister, so don’t you dare ruin this for her. Understood?”
	I pushed out a long current of air through my nose. “Yes, nanny.”
	“Good.” Flipping her bouncy curls, she turned and headed back to Cooper.
	I clenched my teeth.
	“Drake! Drake!”
	My sister hurried over to me from the fitting rooms, waving at me with a strong smile lighting up her face. Seeing hers, I had to smile back.
	“Drake, what are you doing here?”
	“Look at you,” I said, flicking one of her braids. “Who did this?”
	“Lacey. Do you like it?” she said, grinning.
	“Love it.”
	“So what are you doing here?
	“I’m actually here to take you and your friends out for some frozen yogurt. You game?”
	My sister’s face read pure elation. Lacey was right to suggest I do this for her and her friends. She really did need me.
	“Are you serious? Oh my gosh the girls will love it. Thank you. Thank you.” She wrapped her arms around me.
	I chuckled. “No, problem. Hurry up, so we can get going. This store is not exactly my scene if you know what I mean.” I eyed the boy band tee on the rack to my left.
	“Oh, of course. Right. You’re so awesome for doing this, Drake. Wait until the girls meet you. They’ve been dying to.” 
	I was sure they had according to Lacey. I’d tolerate the girls for the afternoon. Big brothers were supposed to take a hit for their sisters every now and then. 
	Taking my attention away from Adele, I gazed over to Cooper and Lacey. He leaned into her ear saying something that made her smile. 
	I would be on my best behavior this afternoon, but only for my sister.
	

Chapter Twenty-Four
Lacey

	Drake looked like he was in the middle of a teenager sandwich over there. It wasn’t his fault. When he sat down at the table with his frozen yogurt the girls just kind of crowded around him. He handled it well, though. He actually looked like he was listening to most of what they were saying to him. Despite the attention her brother received, Adele managed to get her words in as well. She looked like she was having a blast with her new friends. My plan seemed to be going swimmingly. I knew getting Drake to come today would be the perfect final step to raise Adele’s spirits. 
	“You sure are staring over there a lot, Lacey. You missed out on your frozen yogurt,” Cooper said from beside me.
	Confused, I gazed down at my paper bowl. The vanilla bean frozen yogurt had all but melted. I laughed. “Sorry. I was just watching Adele. She seems like she’s having fun.”
	“I’m having fun.” Cooper slid his hand across the table, stopping within inches of mine.
	I smiled. “I am, too.” And I was, but I had a feeling today meant more to him than it did to me.
	Cooper played his fingers against the table, like he wanted to put his hand on mine, but wasn’t sure. Not wanting to lead him on, I picked up my napkin, pretending to wipe away a bit of frozen yogurt from my lip.
	As suave as Cooper was, he pulled his hand back without awkwardness. “You know, Lacey, I’d really like to get to know you better if I could. I really did have fun today picking out earrings for you,” he said, pointing to the earrings I ended up buying at the boutique after his recommendation, “and eating frozen yogurt with you.” He pointed to my bowl with his spoon.
	Laying my spoon down, I gave him a small smile. “Cooper, I’m going to be honest with you. I just got out of something kind of complicated.”
	This seemed like the easiest way to explain my relationship with Drake.
	He nodded once. “Ah.”
	“I’m not saying no. I’m just saying, let me think about it. I just need some time. Is that okay?”
	“More than okay. I’m not going anywhere if you change your mind.”
	“Thanks.”
	He dug into his pocket and pulled out a card. “If it wouldn’t be too forward, I’d like to give you my number. Just hold onto it. You know, in case something changes.”
	I accepted the card he’d held out to me, but felt awkward with it in my hands. I knew the reason for the awkwardness, but I refused to look Drake’s way to see if he saw what Cooper handed me.

*

	Adele chatted my ear off all the way back to the house. It wasn’t until we walked into the door of the Drake house that she stopped. And that was only because the home smelled extraordinary. Whatever Mrs. Drake was up to in the kitchen, she was doing well. 
	Adele rushed us through the house and into the kitchen. In her apron and heels, Mrs. Drake stood over a hot stove stirring into a large metal pot with a wooden spoon. 
	“Mom, you have got to see all the stuff I got for school.” Adele brought her bags over to her.
	She kissed her mom on the cheek when she turned around to see her.
	“My, you did get a lot of things, didn’t you?” said Mrs. Drake, watching Adele pull out her new blouses from the bags. “Hope you watched your credit card limit. I’d hate to have to increase it again so soon.”
	These people really did live the high life.
	“Nope. I stayed within it. I promise.” Adele pushed her new purchases back into the shopping bags.
	“Great.” Mrs. Drake smiled, but the expression faded a bit as she studied Adele’s hair. “This is different.”
	Adele played with a strand of her dark brown locks. “Lacey did it.”
	“Did she now?”
	“I, uh, hope that was okay, Mrs. Drake,” I said, suddenly feeling the need to ask permission. The thought never crossed my mind to ask her if it was okay since Adele was fifteen.
	“Fine. Fine,” she said, though I wasn’t really convinced that it was by her tone. “Adelaide, go ahead and put your bags upstairs. Dinner’s on in five.”
	“Can Lacey stay?” Adele asked.
	My eyes widened, surprised by the request. 
	“Lacey has to get home, dear. I’m sure she has other plans.”
Steps sounded from behind me, and I turned. Drake came into the living room adjacent to the kitchen. Making eye contact with me only briefly, he didn’t stop and went down the hall. 
I felt a sudden chill bead bumps across my skin from his expression and quick dismissal of my presence.
“But you haven’t asked her yet? Lacey, can you stay for dinner?”
I was redirected back to the previous conversation. I could have stayed for a little bit longer. Though Mama expected me, being an hour or two late wouldn’t hurt. I’d just call Sue and ask her to stay a little longer. “I could stay.”
“Are you sure, Lacey? I’m sure you’re tired after a long day.” 
Mrs. Drake gave me a very concentrated look. The expression had me wanting to make up an excuse for why I shouldn’t join them for dinner this evening.
“She just said she could, Mom.” Adele walked over and grabbed her bags from my hands. “Go ahead and take a seat in the dining room, Lacey.” 
When Adele left, a tense vibe filled the air between Mrs. Drake and myself. Despite the fact that I stood in the room with her, she didn’t look at me and continued to cook by adding spices to the pot she stirred.
Suddenly feeling like I was imposing myself on her, I said, “If me staying is an inconvenience I have no problem heading out.”
Again, she didn’t look at me. “My daughter seems determined to have you here, and of course it isn’t an inconvenience. Go ahead and take a seat. I’ll serve everyone.”
Not wanting to ruffle any feathers, I did as I was told. I was joined rather quickly by Adele when she came back and took her seat beside me at the large table.
“You’re going to love this. Mom is an awesome cook.” She placed her napkin on her lap.
Following her lead, I placed my cloth napkin, as well. “I’m sure I will.”
Mrs. Drake came in and served the soup first. It was a creamy mixture with some type of potato and green vegetable. She set four place settings, so I assumed Drake would be coming down. I hoped it wouldn’t be awkward. He didn’t say anything to me after we all went our separate ways from the frozen yogurt place, and that look he had when he came in was anything but pleasant. I wasn’t stupid. I knew the reasons behind his suddenly cold attitude. Cooper wasn’t shy about his proposal. I was sure anyone that watched us with even a little interest saw the card he gave me.
Mrs. Drake took the soup back to the kitchen, then sat down and joined Adele and myself.
I waited to eat, watching the unattended steaming bowl of soup at the end of the table, but I didn’t see Drake coming to eat with us. My lashes flickered up from the bowl as a man with salt and pepper hair wearing a brown evening jacket walked into the room from behind me. He took the head seat where the bowl was placed. 
Mr. Drake. 
I hadn’t met him yet and was excited to meet my other employer.
He didn’t say a word to the group, just sat in his seat and took his napkin as if the whole dinner was routine. Since no one said anything about his arrival, I didn’t either. Sipping my soup, I started my meal like everyone else.
“Mom, I saw that sports jacket at the mall we saw in Vogue the other day,” said Adele, speaking as if the whole environment weren’t awkward all of the sudden. “It was green, though. I want to get it once the weather gets a little cooler.”
“I’m sure it was a replica, sweetie. They wouldn’t have that jacket at the mall, but I can contact the designer if you want it. Lacey, can you make a note of that when you come in tomorrow?” Mrs. Drake took a sip of her soup, staring at me from over her spoon.
I swallowed what I had in my mouth and dabbed my napkin at the corner of my lips. “Sure thing, Mrs. Drake.”
The green eyes of the salt and pepper-haired man gazed my way. His eyebrows knit, he stared at me, hard. “Madeline, who is this?”
“She works for us, dear. We discussed this.” Head down, Mrs. Drake didn’t look at Mr. Drake as she spoke and quickly followed her words with a sip of her soup.
Mr. Drake wasn’t shy about his assessing gaze. He studied me under a watchful eye, analyzing me in a way that made me feel completely naked, exposed. And the smaller I felt, the fact that I was being judged became blatantly evident.
Eyes finally leaving me, Mr. Drake moved his stare to Mrs. Drake. “I’m aware you hired someone, but I was not aware they’d be joining me for my meals. I don’t pay these people—” Stopping for second, he cleared his throat. “The help to eat our food, Madeline.”
The blood pounded behind my ears.
“Adelaide, requested she stay,” Mrs. Drake said, her voice timid. Under her own husband’s stare she couldn’t even make eye contact.
With a flick of his lashes, Mr. Drake gave me a second longer of his attention before redirecting to his meal in front of him. He then went about his dinner as if I were never there. He didn’t say one word to me. Not one.


Chapter Twenty-Five
Drake

	My door crept open and my attention went that way. Standing in the entryway, my sister opened her mouth. Her lips moved without sound. 
	I pulled out my ear buds to hear her. “What is it, Adele?”
	With her arms behind her back, she walked over to my bedside. “I think you should go talk to Lacey.”
	Lacey. I think I was the last person that needed to talk to her. She seemed to be well into conversation with Cooper today. He could be her ally in this place since she was so wrapped up in him earlier. 
Staying silent to my sister’s words, I glanced to the tiles of my ceiling.
	“Well, aren’t you going to ask why?”
	I put my ear buds back in my ears, then pressed play on my phone for the tunes.
	Adele ripped the buds out of my ears.
	I snapped up. “What’s your deal?”
	“My deal is something happened to Lacey, and you need to go find her. You need to talk to her.”
	My undivided attention was completely hers before she even she finished. “What? What happened is she okay?” I was already getting up to get my shoes on.
	“I’m so stupid. It was my fault. I invited her to have dinner with us, and Dad was there. I didn’t even think. I just didn’t think he’d have a problem with her being there.”
	As I grabbed for my hoodie hanging on my door, I whipped around. “Father? What did he do?”
	“He treated her like she was worthless. Like she was nothing. He didn’t even regard her at dinner, and even told Mom he wasn’t paying Lacey to eat our food. I had no idea he would act that way.”
Unfortunately, I did, and innocent Adele would have no way of knowing her dad was a complete prick without seeing him in action first hand. Something I, unfortunately, had seen. “Where is she?”
	“She was brave about it, but she left. Made up some excuse about her mama needing her. I feel so bad, Drake. Please make sure she doesn’t quit.”
	The text to Derrick for Lacey’s address was already being made.

*

	Things got quiet and dark as I drove into Lacey’s part of town. I’d been to Margot’s area and Derrick’s, but nothing compared to what I came across tonight. 
	The houses were completely rundown, and many were abandoned. Homes with broken windows and painted with graffiti made up the entire neighborhood block.
The air was also thick with a chill that I’d never felt in my other previous ventures to the West Side. My former visits didn’t come with a warning, though; a warning I so blatantly ignored now to go to a woman I’d grown to care for deeply. The threat was still at the back of my mind, and I’d be naïve to have thought this place held no danger to me. Factoring that in, I parked my car down the street from Lacey’s place. If Tyrone and his crew came across the vehicle, they’d have no idea where I was in the area. I couldn’t take the risk of getting Lacey wrapped up in whatever beef Tyrone had against me. Derrick’s warning also loomed in my head as well. There was a reason he told me not to let Tyrone know of my connection to Lacey. If Tyrone found out I went to see her, who knew what he’d do.
My hands deep in my pockets, I made my way up her street. Every shadow was a threat. Every noise could be followed by unwanted actions. Staying cautious, I made my body language discreet. My hoodie helped me blend in, and I made it to Lacey’s house without any problems. 
Her house was the worst I’d seen.
The maroon shutters hung by only a few screws off the windows and the cream-colored paint chipped and curled off the walls. Someone so beautiful shouldn’t have to live in such a place when someone as hideous as my father lived in luxury.
I gave soft raps on the door. Just loud enough to be heard inside, but not audible enough to call attention to myself.
The latch sounded and the door cracked open. Chocolate-brown eyes stared through the space.
“Drake?” she whispered, a strained expression on her face. “Drake, what are you doing here?”
Seeing her so sad, rage boiled inside me. It’d take all that was in me not to approach my father tonight about how he’d made her feel. If I did, I had a feeling I just might see that jail cell.
“Adele, told me about what happened. I wanted to make sure you were all right.”
She glanced away. “You shouldn’t have come here. You should go home.”
“Lace, I just want to know you’re okay. Let me know that, and I’ll leave.”
	Gripping the door, she didn’t say anything, nor did she move.
	“That’s what I thought. Can I come in please? So we can talk?”
	She shook her head. “I’m sorry, Drake, but I think you should just—”
	“Baby? Baby, did you get that blanket?”
	A raspy, weak-sounding female voice came from inside her small house.
	Lacey left instantly, leaving me standing by the open door.
	Even though she probably wouldn’t want me to, I pushed the door open and went inside. The house was very small, but unlike the conditions outside, the interior had a very warm feel to it. Pictures of smiling faces filled the frames on the walls and mantle. The couch had a crocheted quilt hung over the top, and a pot of food sat on a burner in the kitchen just ahead. This place was lived in. People lived here.
	Walking into the center, I came across a door cracked open to my left. Lacey was in there, and she tended to woman. The woman had to be around my mother’s age, but she was very thin, sickly. She coughed hard into her hand while Lacey tucked a blanket around her small body. When the woman’s chocolate-brown eyes made direct contact with mine, I froze. Those were the same eyes of the caramel-skinned beauty taking care of her, and the smile she gave me confirmed her relation to Lacey.
	“Lacey baby, who is that?” she asked, her expression warm as she studied me.
	Gazing up at me, Lacey let out a sigh. Though she clearly didn’t want to, she waved me into the small room. Seeing the small black woman next to Lacey up close, the resemblance she had to her struck me even more. Despite how weak the woman looked, she was strikingly beautiful, just like Lacey.
	Lacey grabbed my hand and brought me to the woman’s bedside. “Mama, this is Truman Drake. I work for his parents. He just came to visit.”
	“Oh, Truman. Nice to meet you. Lacey was just telling me about her new job. So happy she got in with folks as nice as yours.”
	I could imagine Lacey wouldn’t tell her mama the truth, especially with how sick the woman clearly was. “We’re happy to have her. My sister just adores her.”
	Lacey’s smile was only faint at the comment, but it was there.
	“It’s hard not to love this girl. You take care of my angel up there. Will you now? She means a lot to this sick woman.”
	I laughed gently. “She’s perfectly safe. I assure you.” I’d never let anyone hurt Lacey, especially my father.
	Lacey patted my hand. “Um, Drake, I’m going to put Mama to bed now. She’s kinda tired.”
	“Oh, child, I can stay up and chat with this one. Highlight of my day. Heck, highlight of my year.” Lacey’s mama managed to get out the words, but her cough followed directly after.
	“That’s okay. I was actually just dropping something off for Lacey. Rain check on that chat, though, I promise you.”
	“I’ll hold you to it now.” She pointed at me.
	“Of course.” Backing out, I let Lacey do her thing.
	Back in the living room, I took a seat on her small floral-upholstered couch and waited. It wasn’t long before Lacey slipped out of the door across the room, shutting it behind her. She joined me on the couch, staring at her hands.
	“Your, uh, Mama’s sick?” 
	She nodded once.
	“How bad?”
	She restlessly played with her hands. “Pretty bad, Drake.”
	I let the silence hang in the air for a moment before speaking again. “What does she have?”
	“Cancer.”
	Hearing that word, a tremor went through me. I’d never known anyone to have the disease personally, but anyone would know the severity of what that word meant. “How long has she been fighting it?”
She let out a breath, like talking about this was hard for her, and I regretted asking. Despite her unease, she continued. “A few years now. It’s in her lungs; a bad smoking habit she picked up while dealing with my dad’s crap and all he put her through. He was into some pretty heavy things. Drugs. He came to her for money a lot to pay for them, and when he wasn’t in her face doing that he was screwing around on her. Mama just couldn’t take the stress and needed an outlet. After she got sick, he never came back.”
When she said drugs, I drew in a deep breath. Her aversion to the stuff was definitely warranted.
“It wasn’t until after he left that she found out how bad her sickness was. She quickly stopped smoking, but it was too late for an easy fight. It had spread too badly. She’s been battling it ever since.”
	I now knew the reason for Lacey’s need of the job. Paying to treat her mama’s disease couldn’t be easy and her living in a neighborhood like this confirmed where she was financially. I felt like an idiot for giving her such a hard time about keeping her job. She’d no longer have any problems from me. I’d do what I could for her to keep it.
	“Is it too late for her?”
	“With this job, I can afford her new treatments, so we can keep trying. But even with what the doctors have recommended. . . “ She shook her head, gazing at the floor. “She’s not getting any better. She gets worse everyday.”
	“Well, I’d like to help in whatever way I can. Whether it be financially or whatever. I’m here.”
	Clasping her hands together, she sat up and finally looked at me. “That’s very sweet of you, Drake, but I don’t want your money. Mama and I have been on our own for a while. We can take care of ourselves.”
	I could respect what she said, but it didn’t stop the fact that I wanted to help. 
	“What are you doing here, Drake? You didn’t have to come all the way down here because of what happened.”
	“Actually, I did. And you need to quit downplaying the situation like what my father did to you wasn’t a big deal.”
	“That’s because it wasn’t. I was just thrown off. I didn’t expect it and got a bit frazzled. That’s all. This isn’t the first time something like this has happened.”
	“So that makes it okay? Because it’s happened to you before, it’s okay for people to treat you like you’re beneath them?”
	She let out a breath. “No, it’s not okay, but I understand that’s how the world works. It is what it is. I stepped into your world, Drake. I’m not ignorant. I knew something like this was a possibility when I took this job.”
	“You have the right to come into a safe work environment. Factors outside of that environment can’t be helped, but inside they can.”
	“Look, you’re just upset because you haven’t been exposed to the world like I have. You don’t normally have to deal with anything like this.”
	Her generalization could have made me laugh if I wasn’t so pissed. I was still that poor, naïve little rich boy to her, ignorant to the world around me in every way. “And what makes you think that I, personally, don’t have to deal with ignorance and bigotry when I live with a bigot. They don’t turn that stuff off just because they’re at home. He isn’t shy about reflecting his classism, his racism behind closed doors.”
	Her eyebrows narrowed. “But he’s your father.”
	“That’s right. Father. A general word for my guardian. Something for the world to see him as in relation to me. But the man I live with has never been a dad to me. I have a mom, and I have sister. That’s it.”
	“I don’t understand.”
	“No, you wouldn’t, would you? Because you’re too busy making generalizations and snap judgments about me and my ignorance. I’ve had to deal with bigotry my whole life in ways you couldn’t possibly understand. It’s worse when it comes from inside where you’re supposed to be safe from it. The one place you shouldn’t have to deal with it. So don’t you dare let my father off for what he did to you. It wasn’t right, so don’t treat what happened like it was.”
	Deep in the frustrations of my thoughts and words, I grew lost. Weighed down by fury. I only became apparent of the world around me when a warm hand touched mine, a perfect hand.
	“Talk to me about it, Drake.”
	I couldn’t look at her and stared at the floor.
	She scooted closer to me and laced her fingers in mine. “Please.”


Chapter Twenty-Six
Lacey

	Putting my other hand on top of Drake’s and mine, I squeezed. I didn’t know how to react to everything I’d heard, but I knew the best thing to do in the moment was listen. That’s what he needed, someone to listen.
	“My mother couldn’t have children at first. They tried for years,” he said, staring at our hands.
	I didn’t say a word, letting him know I was here to hear him.
	“That’s when the talks of adoption started. My mom wanted a baby from overseas. My father wasn’t really for the idea. Not knowing what to do, she played at a desperate angle.”
	“Which was?” I asked, keeping my voice gentle.
	“His image. In other words, how people would see him if he were to adopt internationally. She convinced him he’d be looked to as a humanitarian, a do-gooder. I’m the product of my father’s attempt at a boost in his image, and everyday my existence does its work.”
	How horrible. “How do you know that was his intentions for adopting you?”
	“It would usually come up when he had a rough day, or I annoyed him by getting into trouble. If he were particularly heated at me, I got the usual ‘how grateful I should be that he chose me’ or ‘how most people in my situation would kill to have the life I have.’ After he was done with me, I got to overhear him barking at my mom about the sacrifices he made when she suckered him into adoption. Then she’d calmly remind him why he did, so he’d stop going on about it. I doubt my mom knew I used to listen, though. I’m sure she never would have said those things if she was aware I was in earshot.”
	I shook my head.
	“Even without overhearing his tirades I’d have figured out his distaste for me. Once Adele was born the fact became pretty obvious. I actually used to think the lack of attention I got from him was normal. The fact that I could count on one hand how many hugs I’d gotten from him in a five-year span was normal. Well, when my sister came around I could no longer write off those things. She had that gentle voice when she was scared or hurt, those paternal chats when she needed to be cheered up. Those hugs. Those touches. I didn’t. I only got those from my mom.”
	He did seek something that night I met him, and he was right, his situation wasn’t as black and white as it seemed. This guy in front of me was lost. In his life he was missing something and somehow ended up on my side of town. I couldn’t have regretted how I treated him the night we met more. I only made things worse for him with my own ignorance of his situation. I planned to teach him a lesson that night, but now, I was the one doing the learning.
	Gazing up, he reworked our hands until mine were in his large ones. “And I refuse to let my father make you feel any shred of what I felt growing up. As long as you’re at my house and in my world, I’m going to protect you. I’m not going to let anyone hurt you. Not ever, Lacey.”
	Smiling, I studied our hands. “You’re so different from what I thought.”
	His lips tipped up to one side. “In a good way, I hope?”
	“In a great way.”
	“I want you to feel safe, and I promise you will be if you continue to work for my family. I guess what I’m saying is I don’t want you to leave. I know I was a jerk when you were first hired, but hopefully, I can make amends for that right now. We can cancel the deal. No more blackmail. I’ll be back home when I need to be, and follow the rules. Whatever I need to do, I’ll do to make you stay. Please say you won’t leave.”
	Biting at the spot of my lip ring, I watched his smile, that smile that had to have broken many hearts, but only sent a leap into mine. “It would take more than what happened tonight and a few jabs from you to get rid of me, Truman Drake. I’ll stay.”
	He let out a sigh of relief. “Great.”
	“But, you should probably get back home before your mom finds out you were here. I’m sure you didn’t log my place in before you left, right?”
	He grinned. “I didn’t. But I’ll only feel comfortable leaving if you’re okay.”
	“I am. I promise.”
	He squeezed my hand once, then stood.
	Not allowing him to let me go, I held tight to his hand. “I’ll walk you to the door.”
	Following behind me, Drake let me guide him outside. When we made it out to my stoop, he put one foot on a lower step on the stairs, but he still didn’t let go of my hand. 
	“So I’ll see you tomorrow, then?” he said.
	“With bells on. Well, not literally, but you know what I mean.” I laughed.
	“I’d take just the return of your lip ring.” He winked.
	When he did that, my cheeks burned. “I’ll think about it. Maybe just when your mom isn’t around.”
	He gave me a nod. Stretching out his fingers, he finally let me go and went down one more step of my stoop.
	“Drake?”
	He turned.
	“I, uh,” I stuttered, rubbing the back of my neck, “never intended to call Cooper. I just feel like you needed to know that.”
	He didn’t say a word, just smiled.
	When he made to leave again, I grabbed his shoulder.
	I pulled on him until his height rose above mine as he came back up the steps. Before he could question what I was doing I threw my arms around his neck. I missed that smell of juniper and spices that made me feel warm, and after tonight, let me know I was safe with him.
	He wrapped his long arms around my waist. Holding me close, his body enveloped mine. This touch was far from platonic, but I was far from caring with the way it made me feel to be in his arms once again.
	Pulling in even closer to him, I made sure he didn’t let go. Once he did, it was over for us again, and I couldn’t bear for that to happen. Not again. Not so soon. I just needed a moment, one moment longer before the second goodbye.
	A bottle crashed against the side of my house, and that request was denied.
	

Chapter Twenty-Seven
Drake

	Lacey screamed when the glass bottle exploded to the side of our heads. Everything happened so fast. My only reaction was to grab her to protect her from whoever attacked us. They could go for a second round, and I refused to let her get hurt, especially only moments after telling her she was safe with me.
	When I heard laughter, I eased up because following the sound no other bottles came our way.
	I still kept Lacey close when I turned around to see who it was. I wasn’t surprised by who I saw.
	With his boys, Tyrone stood in the street in front of Lacey’s house. His crew’s laughter filled the air, but the only one who didn’t find anything funny was Tyrone. He stood there stark still, eyes blazing at me.
	“Tyrone! What the hell is your problem!” Lacey fought from behind me, but I pulled her back.
	Seeing my action, Tyrone’s heated stare turned piercing. Ignoring Lacey, he kept his focus on me. “We knew you were around here somewhere. Your fancy car parked up there gave you away.” He nodded off in the direction of my car. “What do you think you’re doing, Mini Warbucks? You crash our poker games, come up in our hood eating our food, and now you’re trying to steal our women. Nothing is safe from you, is it?”
	Hearing his accusations, I now became abruptly aware of what issue he’d developed with me. In his screwed up mind, I’d taken something from him. 
	Lacey still tried to push from behind me, so I held her arm. “Lacey, stay up here. I’m going to go talk to him.”
	Her cheeks went red hot. “I will not. He’s out of line and has no right to come up in here acting like a fool.”
	“His issue is with me. Not you. You heard what he said.”
	“Drake—”
	“Please, just stay up here. If I need backup, I’ll ask the feisty girl on the stoop. I promise.”
	She couldn’t stop her smile when I said that, but despite what I said, she still followed me into the street. I shook my head but didn’t stop her.
	When we got into the street, Lacey stood by my side. Tyrone and his crew remained directly in front of us.
	“You’re standing by him like he’s your man, girl. Is your own kind not good enough for you? Or are you just above us down here on the West Side?” Tyrone barked out.
	Lacey put her hands on her hips, nostrils flaring. “Tyrone, you’re completely full of it. You know this has nothing to do with me and Drake. You’re just pissed because I wouldn’t date your ass.”
	Well, that explained his connection to her. Great.
	He pointed a finger at her. “Now, you shut your mouth, bitch, before you get yourself fucked up like your boyfriend is about to be.”
	Her eyes widened. “Bitch?!”
	Putting my arm out, I kept her back. “Now, you’re going too far, Tyrone. There is no need for any of this. Lacey and I are just friends. You have nothing to worry about.”
	“Don’t feel the need to justify anything to him, Drake,” Lacey said, eyeing Tyrone up and down. “He has no say in who I’m friends with, and he’s on my block. So take your thugs and get the hell out of here, Ty.”
	Tyrone spit down at his feet. “You’re overstepping your boundaries, bitch. Shut that mouth before I shut it for you.”
	When he raised his hand like he was going to strike her, I grabbed his forearm. That set him off, and he swung at me with his other fist.
	“Drake!” Lacey screamed.
	I ducked underneath the swing. When it cleared, I clocked him in his jaw.
	He stumbled, and his boys pulled out their guns, all aimed at me.
	Stepping back, I held up my hands. 
	Lacey grabbed my waist, and tucked herself into me. “Stop it! There’s no need for this.”
	“She’s right, guys,” I agreed, my heart pounding. “Just let us go. None of this is needed. I’ll head out, and never come through here again.”
	The tension in the air rose during the stand off, Tyrone and his boys against little Lacey and me.
	Holding his jaw, Tyrone gave me a hard stare. “That’s where you’re wrong, Mini Warbucks.” He split bloody saliva to the ground. “This is needed, and it’s the only way to insure you never roll through here again.”


Chapter Twenty-Eight
Lacey

	Nothing could describe the immense dread that rushed through me as I was ripped from Drake and forced to watch as Tyrone’s boys grabbed his arms.
	“Stop it!” I screamed bloody murder; my voice straining my throat.
	They didn’t stop it. Securing Drake’s arms, Ty’s boys made sure he couldn’t get away as Ty approached him. 
Ty didn’t hold back. 
	One after the other, his fist went into Drake’s gut. His face. His sides.
Everything moved in slow motion. 
I pulled at the arms holding me, trying to run in between Drake and Ty. Ty’s thug wouldn’t let me go, though. I was forced to see it all. Tears streaming down my cheeks, I screamed out with every blow as if I was the one who received them.
As my lips moved, I couldn’t hear anything. Words became inaudible in response to my fear and dread.
	When Drake buckled over, Ty’s boys dropped him to the concrete. 
Ty’s foot aimed for Drake next. 
So weak, Drake couldn’t move away from the blows. All he had was the small use of his arms, covering himself to evade the worst of the strikes. He didn’t fight back. As I watched the scene play out, the awareness of Ty’s plan hit me like a bus. I already knew Ty was a coward, but watching him kick Drake as he was completely defenseless below him, confirmed the fact. Ty made sure Drake was weak. He took out his blows on him so he wouldn’t fight back.
And he didn’t relent.
He went for every visible area that Drake couldn’t protect. But Drake’s arms wouldn’t hold up forever. He’d eventually be too weak to even do that. After that, I didn’t want to think about what would happen. With the heated aggression swept across Ty’s face, I knew he wouldn’t let up. He’d wait for that moment of Drake’s vulnerability and then keep going. He’d go until the effort either killed Drake or himself from the exhaustion of the attack, and deep down I knew Ty wouldn’t be the one to die.
	With a gust of adrenaline, I shot my heel into the instep of Ty’s thug behind me. He cursed, and I elbowed him in the gut. Finally let go, I ran toward the house. Getting in the scuffle wouldn’t do me any good. There was only one way to help Drake, and I was going to use that option.
	“Looks like your girl left you,” Ty said from behind me as I opened the door.
	The son of a bitch couldn’t have been more wrong.
	I went in Mama’s room. She was sound asleep. Thank God she was a heavy sleeper. I screamed so much outside, and I didn’t want her to hear.
Going into her closest, I got her hatbox. Her playbills weren’t the only thing I saw the day I snooped.
I quickly found what I needed, then rushed outside. Ty still wailed on Drake. His arms had fallen from around himself, and he cried out as Ty’s boot pulled back from his ribs. 
After giving a short laugh, Ty looked to his boys for approval. He then pulled back his leg, rerouting his boot for his next attack—Drake’s face.
I didn’t think as I ran back into the street. I just went, and so distracted by the spectacle, none of Ty’s boys, or even Ty, saw me coming.
With a steady hand, I raised the gun straight at Ty’s head. It wasn’t until I clicked back the hammer of the revolver that I finally got the attention I sought. 


Chapter Twenty-Nine
Drake

	The next blow I expected never came. The strikes from above stopped entirely. The only sound was the ringing behind my ears. Pain surged throughout my body with an intense heat. Everywhere ached. Everywhere hurt. But despite the pain, I forced myself to stay aware of the current situation. I made myself stay aware of the beauty who sought to protect me from above.
	Holding a dated pistol, Lacey aimed the gun at Tyrone.
	The determination etched on her face; her hand didn’t waver at all. She was going to kill him. She was going to kill him to save me.
	Ty’s boys drew their arms, but Ty held up his hands to stop them. He wasn’t stupid. If they shot at her, she’d shoot at him. He’d die. She’d die. The end result wasn’t good for either party.
	He gazed down at me with a stare I’d never seen directed at me before. 
	Sheer and utter hatred.
	He nodded behind him, and his boys flanked his leave. 
	Lacey didn’t let up, though. She held strong with her weapon until the guys were a fair distance away. That’s when the shakes in her body started.
	Reaching up, I cringed from the pain of my arms as I pulled her into an embrace. I didn’t care, though. She was so scared. I had to bring her to me and make her safe again.
	She fell to the street into my throbbing arms, sobbing against my chest. 
	There was nothing but the sound of her tears in the air.
	Taking her gun from her hands, I put it to the side. This allowed her to hold me back. We both just lay there for a moment in the middle of the street, waiting until both of us were strong enough to move on from the intensity of the previous situation.
	When her soft whimpering let up, she pulled away and wiped her face.
	No words said, she reached over and grabbed the gun. After shoving it into her waistband, she pushed her little body under my sore arm and helped me off the ground. I gave her as much help as I could, but with every move, my body felt the heat of the previous impacts. Clenching my teeth, I held in the sounds that would reflect my pain. 
	As I steadied myself, I made sure she didn’t have to hold nearly any of my body weight. The bastard didn’t get my legs as good as the rest of me, so I was able to do that for her as she led me into her house.
	She took me to the room across from her mama’s. When she clicked the light on, I knew it was her room by the decor.
	Posters from various shows lined the bedroom walls. Some were from the theater she worked at and some weren’t. Most of them were in different languages, and I recognized pretty much all of them since I studied quite a few languages in my prep school. Overall, the French posters were the most dominant with their colorful tones and elaborate artwork lining the paper. Seeing them all reminded me of when I first met Lacey, and heard her beautiful song voice that I couldn’t get out of my head even if I wanted to.
	A sniff brought me back into the dark reality that was far from that wonderful night I’d first seen her perform. With a wipe of her eye, Lacey sat me down slowly on the purple comforter of her bed. I held my sore abs a bit as I settled myself, and once I was secure, she left the room without words. 
Waiting patiently, I sat there until she got back.
	When she did the gun was absent from her waistband, and the light of the room reflected the puffiness of her eyes. I didn’t think the swell of them was that bad before she left. She must have cried again.
	Holding a first aid kit, she sat on the bed beside me. “I’m going to check you out first. This isn’t the first time I’ve been the only one to help someone after a fight. If I feel it’s too bad, though, we’ll get you to a hospital.”
	“Okay,” I said, because I trusted her.
	She touched me gently. My arms. Shoulders. With each touch, she watched my expression. Any contact of my arms received strong winces. Not surprising since I’d used those to guard most of his hits from the ground. When she got to my ribs, I bit down on my tongue. Those had been vulnerable in the beginning of the attack.
	“Can I see?” she asked.
	Slowly, I pushed my arms out of my hoodie. The discomfort was there, but I managed to remove it without aid. There were no cuts or scrapes on my arms. Only light welts. I supposed the soft cushioning of the fabric aided with the blows. After slipping my t-shirt off delicately, I let her study me.
	My ribs displayed the deep red of a fresh bruise. She touched me there. I cringed, but was surprised when she pushed her fingers deep into the skin and against the bones. Didn’t really hurt. Just sore.
	“I don’t think anything is broken, but we can still get you to a hospital if you want,” she said, her tiny fingers still pressing against my torso.
	“I trust you.”
	Her lashes flickered and displayed her exquisite eyes. The light of the room reflected off them and turned the hue into a light almond color instead of chocolate. 
	“I’ll fix you up myself then.” She gave a small smile.
	Nodding once, I didn’t fight her on the decision for her care.
	Lacey worked quickly, wiping at my cuts and scrapes delicately with medicines and ointments. I watched her head of curly locks the whole time; fighting a smile every time a new wave of her cherry-vanilla scent hit my nose. 
	When she made it to my face, I had to hide my expression. I couldn’t let her know how easily she affected me with such a simple element of herself.
	Not staring directly at her face was surprisingly difficult as she worked. She was so close. Her lips so close.
	Fighting the urge to kiss her, I gazed over her shoulder. She had a picture frame on her dresser that I didn’t notice when I came in. Holding a curly-haired toddler on his hip, a Caucasian man stood in front of a house. It was Lacey’s house. I thought Lacey had her mama’s smile, but I was wrong. It was this man’s, the one holding her in the picture. 
 	“Your dad?” 
	Stopping the dabbing of my face, she looked behind her shoulder. She then took her focus back to my wounds. “Yeah.”
	“You look happy there, Lace.”
	She smiled. “I was. My dad wasn’t always an ass. I decided to keep the good times in the frame, so I’d remember them once they fell from my head. It was a good thing I did, because I eventually did forget them.”
	I could relate to that. I wished I had a way to remember the few good times I did have with my father. They were undocumented, a push on the swing at the park when I seldom had his attention or the one or two times at the batting cages. They were few and far between, and usually never voluntary. My mom did push sometimes for him to bond with me, and when he did he actually enjoyed himself. I found myself enjoying it, too.
	She laughed gently just then, and I moved my focus from the father and child in the frame to the beauty dabbing my face.
	“What?” I asked her.
	Biting her lip, she shook her head. “Nothing. It’s just he,” she said, nodding behind herself, “called me Lace, too.”
	I sucked in a breath. Damn. I didn’t want to remind her of unhappy times. “I’m sorry. I can stop calling you that.” A bit of worry edged in my voice.
	“Oh, no,” she said, smiling. “It was always good. It was always very nice when he did. I was his Lace.”
	The anxiety eased in my chest.
	“Like that day in the picture. I fell and scratched my knee up really bad using one of the neighbor kids Skip-Its.” She laughed. “Remember those?”
	I actually did. “Yeah. I was too busy playing with my G.I. Joe’s to watch the girls using them. Girls were bad back then.”
	“Yeah, and boys had cooties.”
	I chuckled. “Right.” 
“Anyway, I didn’t cry. Not once. I was lying there all bloody and messy, and completely silent. Watching my reaction to my Skip-It crash and burn my dad said, ‘My Lace is so strong she doesn’t even cry.’”
I smiled after she said that. She was strong. Dealing with her mama’s condition at such a young age she had to be. She had more bravery than anyone I knew, and her actions tonight further displayed her strength. 
“After getting me cleaned up, he gave me a Band-Aid with sunflowers on it.” Picking up a Band-Aid from the kit, she placed it near the corner of my eyebrow. “He placed it down and told me that a kiss on the bandage would make my boo-boo hurt less.”
	“Did it work?”
	She nodded, smiling. “It did. It’s funny how that works, mom and dad just telling you something so simple, and it magically happens.”
	“Yeah, but I do feel there is some truth to the magic. I’m sure a few kisses from you and my boo-boos would hurt less.” I gave a short laugh at my joke.
	I blinked when she kissed the bandage at my eyebrow.
	“Did it work?” she asked, grinning.
	Glancing up to the air, I thought about it. “Yeah. Yeah, it actually did. Don’t stop there.”
	She kissed a sore spot on my cheek next. Must have been a bruise there.
	“Yep,” I confirmed. “Feels amazing.”
	When she went for a cut at the corner of my mouth, she hesitated for a second. Holding in my breath, I watched her forget her hesitation. 
	She brushed her lips there, just at the corner. 
	I didn’t kiss her back. Feeling we were still messing around, I didn’t want to take advantage of her.
	When she pulled back the joke was clearly over. She no longer smiled. Her expression was no longer gleeful. There was something else there, though. I recognized the smolder in her eyes from the first night I kissed her. Her eyes dark, she moved toward my lips again.
	Against everything I had in me, I held her shoulders. “Lace, I didn’t say that hoping you’d—” I let out a breath. “I didn’t say those things expecting you to do this.”
	Slipping her small hands to my cheeks, she studied my lips. “I know.”
	Her mouth returned to mine.
	Still not convinced this was happening for real, I didn’t grab her immediately. If this was in the heat of the moment and she stopped in the middle of it, it would kill me. I wanted to know she was sure. I needed to know she was sure; that she wanted me as strongly and severely as I needed her.
	Running both hands into my hair, she straddled me, knees on the bedding. She wasn’t in that position long before she sat on my lap and wrapped her long, supple legs around my waist.
	Taking that as the confirmation I needed, I made myself ignore the seer of pain in my sore arms and grabbed her tiny waist. My hands had a mind of their own. I touched and felt as much as I could with her top still on. 
From above, she responded with an aggressive kiss, panting against my lips and swelling them with nips of her teeth.
Dying to feel her, I pushed my hands under her shirt with aching arms that were far from stopping me from getting what I wanted. 
My fingers ran over her body effortlessly, a slight sheen of perspiration aiding the study as I touched into the delicate curve of her spine. The area was smooth, her body hot as it blazed underneath my fingertips. I followed the line up to the top, getting a hold of her bra clasp.
She pulled her lips back so quickly my head spun.
Dammit. She didn’t actually want to do this. Letting out a breath, I said, “Sorry. I just assumed you wanted to—”
“I do, but I want to show you something first.”
My eyebrows twitched. Not what I expected her to say, at all. “Okay. What?”
Shifting, she unwrapped her legs from around my body and stood on the floor. I wasn’t able to concentrate on the discomfort her maneuver caused my ribs and abs for long. Right in front of me, she slipped her shirt off, revealing that tight, sculpted body and those perfect breasts I witnessed at the country club.
The jewel in her bellybutton was back; a small chain this time that cascaded down her flat waist and sent a sharp twitch inside my jeans.
Taking her all in, I fought myself from leaning back to watch the show. True, the action would piss off all the already agitated nerves in my body, but the real reason I didn’t was respect. I wanted to be respectful of what she was showing me.
Standing there in front of me, she didn’t make her next move immediately. “I just want to show you so it doesn’t surprise you while we’re in the moment. Most guys haven’t seen anything like this before. Well, not up close, and when you do, I don’t want you to stop us because you’re surprised.”
I was very intrigued now. But I kept calm from the anticipation.
Taking one hand behind her back, she messed around back there. I assumed it was with her bra clasp. When her hand came back, both sides of the bra fell forward. She then shook her shoulders, letting her bra straps slide down her arms.
The bra hit the floor. I didn’t see it hit, though. I only guessed its fate since I kept my focus on her chest.
Seeing her breasts in her bathing suit top was one thing, but without the coverage the sight was another. Not in the way a guy would think, though. They were full, perfect, and supple, just as expected. But her nipples stole the show.
My jaw hung slowly as I studied them. She had silver barbells pierced through each one, completely making my mouth water at the vision of taking one.
Instinctually, I slid my arm around her waist to bring them to me. I did the action a little too quickly, and my face scrunched up a bit, but that didn’t stop the pursuit.
She came forward, and I guided my hand up her torso; her body giving a slight shiver as I made my way to the area I desired.
My lips parted to take one, but I stopped.
I gazed up. “Are they delicate? I mean, do I have to be gentle when I touch them,” I said, running my thumb over the dark nipple, “when I taste them.”
She shuddered when I said that, but didn’t let her reaction to me freeze her. “No.” She brought her hand her chest, tweaking herself where I touched her. “See they’re fine. Do want you want.”
Suppressing a groan deeply forming in my chest, I clasped my lips around her. She moved her hand from herself and to my hair as I sucked her.
Not able to get enough of her sweet taste, I ravaged her, alternating between her breasts.
She panted with every nip and every suck. Pulling my head to her body, she forced me to go hard. I did, but I didn’t let myself completely loose on the barbells. Paranoid that I’d hurt her, I didn’t want to pull on them or tug them too hard with my teeth. I stayed gentle with her. With Lacey, I always wanted to respect her. Protect her.
Arching her back, she let me work as she took her fingers to the button of her jeans. She pushed the denim down a bit, then let the article fall to the floor.
As she kicked the pair off her ankles, she slid her fingers to the sides of her panties.
Releasing her breast from my mouth, all I could do was sit there and watch her. I was frozen, staring in complete awe as I observed her pull the lace down her thighs.
After kicking them off, she stood in front of me. Confident and hot, she remained there without an ounce of shyness under my gaze. She knew what she had, and knew even more that I liked it.
Coming closer, she pushed me back slowly onto her bed. The initial reaction to this new movement was a seer of pain, but I fought from reflecting it across my features. She was already taking my condition into consideration by the gentle push she gave me to lay back. I didn’t want her to become more aware of my injuries by visually responding to them. She might stop if she knew she hurt me, and I couldn’t risk that.
I didn’t think she saw my response to the movement because she moved onto my jeans.
Her hands at my fly, she unbuttoned the denim and shimmied them down my hips. Trying to use my sore abs as little as possible, I shifted to help her. I must have made this move effortlessly because she didn’t stop there. My boxers were taken off with the same finesse and both articles of clothing were laid beside me on the bed. 
Full out, I was on display for her. She now officially knew how badly I needed her.
Studying me, her bottom lip went into her mouth, and I breathed in a deep, rib-agitating breath to calm myself. I wanted nothing more than to grab her and take her beneath me. The action couldn’t be done without pain, so I gripped the bedding to fight the urge.
Her dark lashes flickered up, and she climbed onto the bed on her hands and knees. Her sex kitten grin during her crawl made the urge to grab her come back in a fury. Again, I fought it, and watched her cautiously straddle me just above my hips. She was right there, just above where I needed her.
“I want to lay on you, but I don’t know if I should.” She traced the large bruise on my ribs with the pad of her finger.
I wrapped my hand around her finger. “Do what you want. I’ll let you know if you hurt me.” I said this, though I probably wouldn’t. I’d fight through the pain to take her.
Gently, she splayed her body along the length of mine, her hardened nipples and warmed metal of the barbells against my chest. The pain of my ribcage wasn’t instant, but it was present. The look I gave let her know that. She shifted to move, but I grabbed her waist, making sure she wouldn’t.
“Don’t stop,” I told her, running my hand up her spine. “Don’t ever.” I pushed down on her with my hand until she relaxed against me.
She started at my neck. Giving gentle kisses, she clearly tested the waters with me. When I didn’t let out any inkling of pain, they grew more vigorous. More intense. 
She nibbled my ear, licking her way down my lobe.
This sent a shudder throughout my body, and I slid my hands down the smooth skin of her back until I cupped her ass. She shifted her hips against me, and sucked in a breath against my ear.
Going further, I moved one of my hands across the surface until I had my fingers at her opening. I ran a single finger along the area. God, she was so wet.
She squeaked out a pant, and I pushed two fingers inside her. I went as far as I could go considering the angle at which I had my hand. I had big hands and pretty long fingers so that was pretty far.
She rocked her hips as I pumped her. “Don’t stop,” she breathed out, completely forgetting about my neck.
I wasn’t going to stop. Not if she didn’t want me to.
She slid her hips down my body, my fingers still inside her. Her hips rocking, she didn’t stop making her way down until my own digits were right up against my length.
And I made sure it didn’t miss out on the action.
I groaned, brushing up against myself as I pleasured her. I was so ready for her, resting there hard and ready to take her. 
She was ready, too.
She actively moved now, hips grinding against mine. Gripping her ass with my free hand, I helped guide her with every rock she made. She got so worked up, panting so hard, I thought this was how it was going to end for her. 
“Stop,” she said, freezing the motion of her hips. “I can’t take it. I’m going to come.”
Hearing her say that almost set me off right there. Calming myself, I pulled out of her so she wouldn’t. As she pushed herself back and relaxed on her haunches, I grabbed my jeans lying beside us for a condom.
Watching me as I sheathed myself, Lacey did that lip thing again, pulling the plump lip into her mouth with a burn behind her deep amber eyes.
I almost begged her to take matters into her own hands and get the protection the rest of the way on, but the look in her eyes kept me moving my hand against myself long after it was secure. I found myself forgetting about what I wanted. It was all about her. What she wanted. And right now that was to see me touching myself.
I happily obliged.
With husky breaths, she let me get in a few more strokes before she wrapped her hand around me. I choked back a groan and watched as she guided me inside her.
Grabbing her hips, I helped her the whole way. 
The best way I could describe how Lacey felt was home. There was no other word. She was home for me. Wonderfully tight, she held me to her, and I had no desire to be let go anytime soon.
I rocked my hips up to bury myself deeper, but she didn’t respond.
Closing her eyes, she said, “Wait. I just need a sec. I was so close before. Just a sec.”
Smiling, I massaged her hip with my hand. “Take all the time you need.”
When she was ready, she didn’t tell me. She just went, hard. She took it like she wanted it. Like she owned it. Perhaps, at this point, she did. I’d been hers for a while now and hoped she was mine, as well.
Throwing her head back, she took me. She was wild and free; just like what I assumed about her when we met. There was a reason I was so intrigued by her. She was exactly what I needed. Not just something different than what I was used to. She was something of value. She was someone to be valued who had my complete respect.


Chapter Thirty
Lacey

	I came hard with Drake inside me. I wasn’t really thinking when I made the decision to be intimate with him. I just went for it, running on the urges of my body’s need for his, and my heart’s need for him. And with the way Drake made love to me the same thought process was confirmed on his end. He needed this, too. He needed me, too. We both had something only the other could give, and I grew sick of fighting what I felt for him. Being together was right, and resisting it was stupid. 
I’d no longer fight. I just couldn’t. Not anymore.
	Completely spent, I collapsed on the firm, lean ripples of his chest.
	He grunted, tensing when I hit. “That one actually did hurt, Lace.”
	“Oh, sorry.” Pulling him out of me, I quickly slid off him. Holding his cheeks, I studied his face to read for pain. “Are you okay?”
	“Not okay that you’re no longer up there riding me, but okay that there is no longer a sharp pain in my chest.” Chuckling, he wrapped his arm around me, pulling me against him.
	I went, but was cautious about it. While he held me he managed to dispose of the condom with his other hand. I fought myself from helping when he cringed from the movement, but couldn’t help aiding him to get the blankets around us.
	Once we were settled, Drake ran his hand gently up and down my arm, his chest moving in steady rhythms as he breathed.
	I watched his sculpted chest for a while, wanting to close my eyes and relax, but I couldn’t. The reality of what I just allowed myself to do hit me hard. I was no longer lost in my emotions, and now it was time to face the repercussions of the choice I made. “Drake, what are we going to do?” 
	Dipping his chin, he looked down at me. “What do you mean?”
	“I mean, I can’t stay away from you anymore. Even if I wanted to I don’t think I could.”
	Slowly, he brought his other arm around my body. I made the process easier by snuggling into him when he tugged me closer. As I brushed my nose against his chest, breathing in a scent so wonderful I could taste it on my tongue, he kissed my hair. “I’m not going to stay away from you anymore, and I know I couldn’t.”
	“But there’s no way this can happen, Drake. You can’t be over here. It’s not safe.”
	He drew in a deep breath. “And you work for my family.”
	“It’s not just that, Drake.” Leaning up, I studied his mahogany eyes as I braved myself to admit the biggest fear I had after what we did tonight. 
	“What?”
	“I signed something.”
	“Something like what?”
	“An agreement your mom made me sign.”
	“Okay. What did it say?”
	Sighing, I ran my finger along his chest. “She had me sign a bunch of paperwork the day she hired me. Mostly tax stuff, but there was one that was different. It had stuff about confidentially. Basically, I had to agree to keep anything I learned about your family secret. For the most part, the agreement was standard, but it also said I had to respect the Drake house and the Drake family.” Stopping my finger, I gazed up at him. “Drake, what we’re doing is technically unethical according to the language of it.”
	He actually smirked when I said that. “Because I slept with my nanny.”
	I scoffed. “This is serious, Drake. Your mom now has grounds to sue me. What if she finds out? I won’t just be fired. She’ll bury me. Mama won’t get her treatment. If your mom finds out about us it could—”
	“She won’t find out. You’ll keep your job, and we’ll make this work. What we did was consensual. My nanny, who is younger than me I might add, didn’t take advantage of me. We’ll just have to be careful and sweat it out until I move to Northwestern.”
	“Which is when?”
	“Move-in day is at the end of next month. Not far away at all.”
	“What will we do until then? Being around you will be so hard now. Way harder than it was before.”
	He lifted me up, his expression sly as a fox. “It was hard before?”
	I’d smack his chest for being a smart aleck if it weren’t so bruised. “Don’t act like it wasn’t hard for you, too.”
	He ran his finger along the length of my arm. “It was, especially seeing you with Cooper. That felt horrible.”
	I kissed his tan cheek. “I didn’t mean to hurt you. I was just trying to act natural. Go with the flow. I think he has suspicions about us. The whole table where you sat at the country club saw the kiss you gave me. I wanted to deter him I guess.”
	“Don’t apologize. You did nothing wrong. I’m the one who overacted.”
	“Yeah, you did. But I didn’t help the situation.”
	“None of that matters now. Know why?”
	Smiling, I leaned up to see him again. “Why?”
	He pressed into my back with his fingers. “Because I don’t have to share you with anyone now.” With a final push, I was on his lips again. I started on top, but he quickly had me underneath him.
	I let him do what he wanted to me. Assaulting my mouth. Nipping at my ears and neck with his teeth. Tweaking my nipples with his fingers. With every action, he took complete control, making me forget our problems. But when I slid my hand along his torso, against his sensitive ribs, I could no longer forget. He went tense in response, and actually stopped kissing me for a moment to collect himself.
	Sighing, I gently lay him down so he was comfortable.
	“We don’t have to stop,” he said, grabbing for my waist to move against him.
	I stopped his hand. “Yeah. We do. For so many reasons. You’re hurt. Your mom has no idea where you are—” 
	“Lacey, believe me when I say I’ll fight through the pain, and as far as my mom goes, I’ll make up an excuse. I was hanging out with a friend or something.”
	“Drake—”
	“No, I’m serious,” he said, grunting as he leaned up. Clenching his teeth, he grabbed his jeans beside us.
	I rose up as well, watching him as he took out his phone from his pants pocket. “What are you doing?”
	He clicked through his phone. “Where’s that card Cooper gave you?”
	Not knowing what else to do, I hopped out of bed and retrieved the card from my satchel on my dresser. As I was coming back, Drake’s eyes completely left his phone, and he was now devouring my naked body with a hungry gaze.
	Without thinking, I tossed the card at him for his overly blatant analysis of my body.
	Instinctively, he reacted and caught it, but instantly froze in position with a tortured look on his face.
	I gasped, clasping my hand over my mouth. “Sorry. You were being a guy, and I wanted to teach you a lesson.”
	Pushing air through his nose, he lowered his hand. “You’re trying to kill me, woman.” 
	I cringed. “I’m sorry.”
	Laughing gently, he gestured for me to come over.
	Feeling really guilty, I curled up on him and watched him send a text to Cooper.
	Hey, Cooper, this is Drake. Hate to bother you, man, but I need a favor. I’m out with a hot little thing, and it will take me a few hours before I’m good and done here.
	I shook my head at him. Smirking, he kept texting.
	My mom is keeping me on a pretty short leash these days, and being out with this girl isn’t on Mom’s approved list of social activities. I was wondering if I could tell her I was hanging out with you? Like I said, I hate to ask, but I’m new here and haven’t made too many friends yet.
	He hit send, and we both watched.
	Cooper’s reply took less than a minute. LOL. Sure thing, man. I know how that is.
	I fought myself from scoffing. Men.
	Cooper pinged in another text. Have your fun. If your mom tries to verify the info I got you covered. No worries.
	Nodding his head in satisfaction, Drake dropped his phone on his pants like he was a pimp.
	I retook his phone, put it in his pocket, and handed the pair to him.
	Frowning at them, he didn’t take them. “What? You saw that. I have an excuse to be here now.”
	Dropping his pants, I grabbed his shirt, and handed it to him, too. “Now, you have an excuse for the time you spent here, but you still have to go.”
	“Why?”
	I shook the shirt at him, and he finally took it. “It’s not safe for you to be here.”
	“I’m already here, Lace. And those guys left.”
	“Just because they did, doesn’t mean they won’t come back. If you stay and they’re watching the area, you could get jumped when you leave. It’s safer for you to go now. I doubt they’ve come back so soon.”
	Gazing down, he studied the shirt in his hands. “If I leave, who knows when we’ll be able to find a moment to just relax and not worry about everyone else.”
	“You said school starts soon. We know for sure then, but for now you should go.” It hurt my heart to be the rational one in this situation. I wanted to keep him all to myself. I wanted to let him take me long into the night underneath him and not have to worry about the world that surrounded us. But the fact of the matter was our problems would still be here when we stopped. We couldn’t stay in our little bubble forever. We had to be responsible and deal with life. It wouldn’t stop and wait for us to get ready. 
	Slipping his hand to my cheek, he took his lips to mine, increasing the pressure with every passing second of the sweet contact.
	With the way he kissed me, my strength was leaving me. I was always so weak when it came to Truman Drake. The hold he had on me was so severe rational thoughts could never be made. When his lips left mine and went to my ear, I finally got them back.
	“Let me have you just one last time,” he breathed, brushing his lips against my ear.
	Grabbing his hand, I pulled back from him, shaking my head. “We’ll find time.”
	Refusing to argue with him anymore about it, I left the bed and got dressed myself. 
	When we both left my house caution was thick in the air. The neighborhood was actually silent tonight. No arguing, no screaming. That was almost worse. Now, we were forced to hear every step we made, forced to hear every breath between us, and forced to take in the sounds of the blood rushing behind our ears.
	Drake held up his hand to me after the few steps I made behind him. “Lace, I don’t want you walking me to my car.” 
	Not listening to him, I walked down the street. He was forced to follow. I attempted slow strides, but Drake’s legs didn’t seem to be affected like his upper half as much. We stayed near each other, both watching the area for the other.
	When we got to Drake’s car, I didn’t see his reaction. I was only aware of mine. His beautiful car was completely trashed. The front window smashed in, the rest of the vehicle matched. There were dents and dings everywhere, but the worst of the damage was on the hood. There was writing there that I would never repeat in my head let alone verbally. There weren’t many derogatory words that held the same severity as the harsh ones geared toward my race, but Ty and his boys managed to find one to aim at Drake.
	Sighing, Drake ran his hand along the red hood.
	“Can I see your phone?” I asked him.
	Dropping his hand, he got it out for me without words.
	I dialed Derrick’s number and put the phone to my ear. As I listened to the ring, I watched Drake. He didn’t look upset, but his silence told he had nothing left to give to the situation. I hated that he received yet another blow for just trying to be with me. “Derrick can fix this,” I said, trying to help him.
	His black lashes flickered my way. “How?”
	“He works at a body shop part-time. We’ll call you a cab to go home in, and have him tow your car to the shop tonight.”
	Nodding, he put his hand back on his car. I watched as he slid his fingers from the top of the vehicle to the hood again. Stopping on the disgusting word, his thumb circled the paint.
	“It could be worse.”
	He glanced my way. “Really?”
	“Yeah. They could have taken it.” I gave a small smile.
	Stepping away from the car, he gave me a smile, too.

Chapter Thirty-One
Drake

	When I got out of the shower, the pain pills I took when I woke up finally started to kick in. Between the meds and the heat of the water, the soreness of my body was bearable, and I got dressed without wincing too much. I still had to go slow, but it was doable. Whatever I had to bear through I would, so I could see Lacey this morning. I had no idea what her schedule was for the day, but I knew what time she’d be in since I checked the Drake family schedule last night. I couldn’t pass up the guaranteed time she’d be here, so I forced myself to get up and utilize it.
	I left my room and went through the house with stealth in my step. If Mom saw the current condition of my face, she’d have a heart attack. I may have left her a note when I snuck in last night that I hung out with Cooper, but that didn’t require the injuries I had. I could hide the effects of the internal damage to my body, but there was no concealing the outside.
	I didn’t have to worry about interception because when I got downstairs the house was empty. Confused, I looked at the Drake family schedule on the refrigerator. My hope of seeing Lacey left me the minute I read Adele’s schedule.
Adele: 8:00 a.m. – Pottery Class
I checked my Fossil watch. That was the time Lacey was supposed to be in, which meant she came in early, and since it was past eight she’d already left with my sister.
I slammed my hand against the fridge in frustration, forcing myself to ignore the twinge of pain that shot through my arm. When the fridge moved, a piece of paper escaped from the front and fell to the floor with the yellow magnet holding it. There was a Post-It note on top of the paper, and seeing my name on it, I picked it up.
Drake, this came in for you. You should probably take care of it today. – Mom
Gazing above the note, I saw the Northwestern letterhead embossed on the top. Reading past the blah, blah, blah of the letter, I got to the part about registration. In many words, the letter stated that classes could now be registered for.
I’d worry about that soon enough. I was a star procrastinator, and my goals for the day involved getting some alone time with Lacey, so registering for classes would have to be put on the back burner.
Ignoring the letter, I studied Adele’s schedule. If I wasn’t in a weakened state the whole fridge would have hit the floor in reaction to the frustrations I felt as I read. My sister literally had every hour booked in the day until dinnertime. By then, seeing Lacey would be too late. She’d be off work and back on her side of town. Once she was there, there was no way I was going to get to see her. 
Running my hand through my hair, I looked at the paper still in my other hand.
I needed something to take my mind off her. If I just waited around for that moment when she finally returned with my sister, I’d go stir crazy.
Not giving it another thought, I logged Northwestern registration under my name on the Drake family schedule. I’d be back in plenty of time to see Lacey in the few minutes she’d be here before she went back home. We wouldn’t have much time together, but I’d take it.

*

	Pushing my way through the pack of students, I managed to maneuver out of the registration building without getting elbowed in my sore ribs. It seemed like everyone’s mom had also reminded their kids to register today. This didn’t surprise me. If the other student’s parents were anything like mine, they’d have the same nagging memo that I got this morning. The envelope with the Northwestern seal probably barely left the postman’s hand before my mom was opening it. Frankly, I thought she was more excited about college than I was. In fact, I knew she was. I’d never let her know that, though. I supposed that would change now that I needed the outlet to spend time with Lacey. Something told me needing a spot to be with my girlfriend wasn’t the right reason I should be looking forward to college.
	Pushing the detail out of my mind, I pocketed my class schedule. I looked up and groaned when Cooper’s familiar face appeared ahead of me. The guy was already reflecting his school spirit in the purple and white colors. His first stop must have been the gift shop. The dork.
	“Drake.” He waved like we were friends.
	I guessed we technically were since I called him for a favor. I didn’t think I had to get into the friendly act so soon, though.
	As he got closer, his brows twitched up. Clenching my teeth, I could have kicked myself for not thinking about my face.
	“Ouch, man. What happened?” he asked, studying my face from all angles.
	Coming up with a suitable lie was easier than I thought, and I went in for the kill. “The girl’s ex-boyfriend came around last night.”
	“Ooh.” He sucked in a breath. “That sucks.”
	“Eh, no big deal. I’m sure they look worse than they are.” 
The fact of the matter was my appearance was the least of my worries. I’d take a couple of bruises and a few cuts any day to be with Lacey.
	“Well, I hope she was worth it.”
	“She definitely was, and thanks for covering for me.” I held out my fist, and he pounded it.
	“No problem. Happy to help. Hey, so did you end up getting the classes you wanted?” He pointed to the large brick building I came from.
	I honestly did have a remarkably easy time picking out my classes. Undecided freshman were given the basic core classes for their first semester. I had no idea what I wanted to do with my life, so placing me was pretty simple. College was always just the plan for me. By “plan” I meant my parents plan for me. “I did. Are you headed in?”
	“Yep. Just checked out the building I’ll be housed in. Logan and I are roommates. Did you get assigned yet?”
	“Yeah,” I said, thinking about all that housing paperwork I had to do when I was admitted at the beginning of the summer. Something else Mom made sure I was on top of. “Some kid from Australia. It will be interesting.” 
	“Yeah, it will be. It will open you up to some new experiences a bit. Always great to learn about other cultures.” 
	“I’m hoping so.”
	“Logan and I are actually planning to host a party during move-in week to break the place in. Feel free to swing by and bring your new roomie.”
	It was only registration day, and Cooper was already planning his college douchebaggery. Didn’t bother me. I was ready for some freedom outside of the country club. “Sure thing, and I’m sure my roommate will be game.”
	“Great, and I was uh, thinking about inviting Lacey to go, too. Do you think she’d go for it?”
	Now, I couldn’t guarantee for a fact that Lacey wasn’t giving off any vibes that she was interested in Cooper, but I did know that she told me she never intended to call him. That right there told me she had no interest. Cooper was clearly pursuing something that was one sided, and now that I was with Lacey, he had no shot in hell with her. I couldn’t state that blatantly, though. What Lacey and I had, for now, had to be kept under wraps. It was best I approached this situation delicately. “She might. If she does I’m sure she’d bring her boyfriend.”
	Not exactly a lie. If she was going, I’d be going with her and as her boyfriend.
	“Really?” he asked, frowning. “She told me she just got out of something. I figured that meant she was available.”
	Crap, she did? “Yeah, the two of them are, uh, off and on.”
	“Oh. So are they off now?”
	They were very much on, but I couldn’t tell him that. “Things with them are complicated. It’s probably best to stay away. You don’t want to get mixed up in any drama.” 
Which I could safely say there would definitely be a lot of if he kept pursuing her.
He glanced away. “She did say her previous relationship was complicated.”
I nodded, happy we were on the same page.
When he looked up, he smiled. “I think I’ll still ask her, though. She said she just needed time. I’m sure by the time school starts up calling her about the party won’t be too soon for her. Besides, she could use a guy to un-complicate her life, and I could definitely be that guy for her.”
The breath I took in was so deep it agitated my ribs. This guy wouldn’t give up on Lacey, and frankly, I didn’t blame him. That girl was a goddess, and once a guy got hooked on her it was damn hard letting go. I knew that from personal experience. “Look, Cooper, can I give you some advice? About Lacey?”
He perked up like I just handed him Wonka’s Golden Ticket. “Sure.”
“I’m guessing you already asked her out once, right?” I pretty much knew this, but I had to make him say it to continue.
“Yeah.”
“And what happened there?”
“She seemed interested, but then there was the complicated thing she was talking about from a previous relationship. She said she needed time, so I gave her my number to call when she was ready.”
“Well, there you go. You let her know you’re interested. Bugging her will just put her off. It’s best to wait, and let her come to you.”
His delightful expression dropped and disappointment etched on his face. “Bug her? I don’t want to do that.”
“Exactly.”
“I guess I could wait. If you think it’s best.”
I honestly could say I did—for obvious reasons. Before I could open my mouth to tell him, my cell phone beeped from my pocket, and I pulled it out. A text from my sister displayed. 
Are you at home? she texted.
No, I texted back.
Never mind. 
Intrigued by her question, I texted, Why? What did you need?
I sent Lacey home to get my tennis racket. I decided to use a spare one here at the country club instead and was going to tell you to tell her not to bother looking for it. I texted her once and tried to call her a bunch of times so she’d come back, but she wouldn’t pick up. She must have her phone off or something.
The thumping in my chest hammered against my smarting ribs, but I was beyond caring about the pain. Lacey was at home, or was, at least, on her way home to a potentially empty house. I had no idea where my mom was. I hadn’t checked her whereabouts on the schedule before I left. She might not be home, and that was grounds enough for me to make the effort to see Lacey. I’d have to hurry, though. I had no idea when my sister sent her to the house. For all I knew, Lacey had already gotten the racket and was on her way back to the country club.
Gazing away from my phone, I gave a waiting Cooper my attention. “Hey, man. I’m sorry, but I have to run. Great talking to you.”
I was already stepping away from him.
“Yeah, great talk, and thanks for your advice about Lacey. Hey, could you help a guy out by putting in a good word if you see her?” he asked from behind.
I waved behind me as I dialed for a cab. “Yeah, sure thing,” I lied.
The only words I intended to tell Lacey were the dirty kind. That was, if I could catch her alone at the house.

Chapter Thirty-Two
Lacey

	A beep sounded in the air as I crossed the threshold of the Drake house. Rustling my phone out of my satchel, I saw three missed calls and a text from Adele. I checked the text first.
Hey, I decided to use the rackets here. You don’t have to get mine.
	Great. I drove all the way to the house only to find out that she didn’t need the racket. Without Adele in the car, I decided to blast the radio to test out the Mercedes’ speakers, and missed her calls. I’d been dying to do that since I started driving the sports car, but I didn’t want to be rude while she was there with me.
	With a sigh, I put my phone back in my satchel and headed to the living room. Dropping my bag, I collapsed on the couch for a moment to catch my breath. Adele had me running around ragged all day. Between her pottery lesson, brunch with her friends, and the other small errands we had to run I was completely spent. 
	I was already a bit irked when I had to come in early to take Adele to the pottery lesson that Mrs. Drake was supposed to do herself. She had a surprise meeting that morning and couldn’t do it, so she called me. I ended up having to call in Sue an hour early for Mama, and that was unprofessional. The call-in also crashed and burned my plans to see Drake this morning. I was hoping to sneak in some time with him. After he left last night, I felt really bad for pushing him to leave. Even though it was the right thing to do, the guilt still played inside me. Wanting to make the situation up to him, I planned on fixing him breakfast and sneaking it up to him. I wouldn’t have been able to be in there long, but time was time, after all. All hopes of that meet died the minute my cab pulled up to the Drake house. Mrs. Drake practically dropped the Mercedes’ keys in my hand to run errands before I could even get my foot out of the cab.
	I found myself praying for the day Drake moved out and started classes. When he started school we wouldn’t have to worry about trying to find alone time. We wouldn’t have to worry about others running their mouths about us or having a problem with us being together because we’d be on neutral ground; that space between the sides we came from. But most of all, we just wouldn’t have to worry.
	No longer wanting to think about the problem, I forced myself to get back to work. Adele awaits, and I had to go to her. Watching her tennis lesson wouldn’t be the highlight of my day, but it was my job, so I had to do it.
	Heading back to the front of the house, I passed the kitchen and stopped. There was a sink full of dishes in there. Since I didn’t have to look for Adele’s racket, I had a few minutes to quickly get them done. I didn’t want those in there when Mrs. Drake got home anyway. She was busy with meetings and events all day, but she would definitely be home by the time Adele and I got back from her lesson. She usually was. Checking her schedule on the refrigerator confirmed she’d be here soon. In a weird way coming back here worked out for the best. I would have been embarrassed if Mrs. Drake had to see those as soon as she got home when it was supposed to be my job.
	Dropping my bag on the kitchen counter, I went to work. 
	I moved all the dishes to one side of the sink, then started a bath of soapy water in the other side.
	I pushed up my sleeves and a set of arms went around my waist.
	My entire body froze instantly. Someone was in the house. Someone was in the house with their arms around me.
	My first instinct was to slam my foot into their instep like I did to Ty’s thug. I only hesitated because of the person’s smell. Warm spices and blood-sizzling juniper radiated throughout my vulnerable senses.
	Drake.
	I had no idea he was even here. If I did I wouldn’t have been wasting time washing dishes.
	He only ran his hands against my waist at first, snuggling me into him. When his fingers brushed under my top, I grabbed his hands. “Drake. Your mom is supposed to be home soon.”
	“Then we better make this quick,” he said, his rich, velvet voice heating my blood.
	Pushing further up my body, his massive hands covered my breasts.
	“Drake, we really shouldn’t. Any minute she could come home.” I said this, but I didn’t stop him. I couldn’t stop him.
	“Shh . . .” He breathed against my ear, massaging me. “Let me.”
	Oh, God how I wanted him to.
	“Please.” He gave my neck a single kiss.
	My eyes fluttering, I leaned back into him. “Only a few kisses. Only few moments of touching, then I have to go to your sister’s lesson. I have to.”
	Pulling me into him, his kisses picked up, got more aggressive. Turning my head, I caught his lips. I played with his tongue like that first night. He was so skilled, my core surged thinking about his other talents with it.
	So distracted by how amazing his kiss was I didn’t stop him when one of his hands moved down my waist and to my leg. He gathered up the material of my skirt, and squeezed my thigh.
	“Drake. . .” I spoke into our kiss.
	“You said a few moments of touching. Please let me.”
	I had no idea how far he intended to go. Entrapped by his kisses and touch, I couldn’t ask. I didn’t respond verbally, at all. I just moved my hips, and angled my thigh so he could touch me more.
	Letting go of my breast, he moved his free hand to my other leg that ached to be touched. Bunching up the material, he made my skirt no longer an obstacle. 
	I now stood in the middle of the Drake kitchen with my underwear completely exposed.
	He felt up my thighs for a bit, then his hand rested flat on the line of my panties. His other hand quickly joined the area, but didn’t stop. He moved downward and cupped me entirely with his large hand.
	I sucked in a breath, fighting the rock of my hips. “Drake, we can’t. Your mom. She could be here any minute. She could see.”
	“Lacey,” he said, pulling the material of my panties to the side with a long finger, “let me make you come.” 
	At those words, I was his.
	

Chapter Thirty-Three
Drake

	Opening up her legs, she allowed me to push two fingers inside her.
	Her acceptance blazed a fire within me. She wasn’t going to fight me anymore.
	Sliding my free hand up to her chest, I massaged her while I sought out a steady rhythm with my fingers.
She gripped the sink, pushing herself up on her tiptoes to take me in more.
When she did that, she let out that panting-squeak thing that she does. I wanted so badly to whip her around and take her right there against the sink. She was so hot and completely sexy while she took in pleasure. I fought to contain the urge, though. I told her I wanted to make her come, give her pleasure. I was going to do just that. I wanted that.
Kissing the sweet skin of her neck, I caged her up against the sink, but kept my groin a fair distance away. If I got anywhere near that tight, hot center I was in last night, there was no doubt in my mind we’d be having sex in the middle of my parent’s kitchen.
	Lacey had other ideas.
	Grabbing my hips, she forced me into her and a shot of pain hit my legs when we impacted.
	I sucked in a breath as the radiating wave of soreness slowly subsided. This girl was trying to kill me, or get us caught. Either way I wasn’t stopping. 
	Picking up the motion of my fingers, I grinded slowly into her, accelerating harder and with more vigor as she worked my hips with hands. My sore muscles were easing up with every move, allowing me to please her more.
	“Oh, God. Oh, God,” she whimpered.
	She was close, and so was I. 
	Neither one of us stopped, responding and working with the motions of each other. When Lacey dug her fingernails into me, I was at my peak. Rocking hard against her, I took myself to the edge.
	The slamming of the front door seemed to reverberate through the house. We both froze instantly, and at the click of heels to the floorboards I whipped around so I wasn’t directly behind Lacey.
	Biting down on my lip from the pain of the sudden movement, I quickly found a reason to be in the kitchen, and went for the cabinet near the sink for a glass. The clicks stopped in the kitchen as I opened the fridge to get some juice.
	“Lacey? Truman?” asked my mom, surprise in her voice.
	I waved above the refrigerator door in response. Mom hadn’t seen my injuries yet, and I couldn’t hide the cuts on my face.
	“Lacey, why are you here? You’re supposed to be at Adele’s tennis lesson.”
	My mom’s voice peaked confusion, but I couldn’t tell if suspicion complemented it without seeing her face to confirm. The whole scenario had to have looked odd to her. Lacey had no reason to ever be without Adele, yet here she was, and she was with me.
	“Adele sent me home to get her racket,” Lacey said, her voice not hesitating. “But when I got here she texted me that she didn’t need it. I had a few minutes, so I decided to do some dishes.”
	Unable to settle my curiosity of my mom’s reaction, I rose up slowly from the fridge, being mindful of quick movements that might agitate my muscles. During the rise, I made sure to take a sip from my glass for a barrier. Mom’s expression read no questionable look. She stood there completely content by Lacey’s words. I wasn’t surprised she wasn’t suspicious. Lacey was a good actress. That was what she did, and I was pretty sure her calm act was backed by the truth. Seeing Adele’s text, I knew Lacey was here for the racket, and she was washing dishes before I got to her. 
	“Okay, but you should probably head back. Adele shouldn’t be there by herself. You never know when they let out early, and she could be stuck there.”
	Nodding, Lacey pushed off the sink and walked past her. 
	“Lacey?” Mom said, head slightly turned to see behind herself.
	Lacey didn’t turn around, probably to hide the same anxiousness look I currently had behind my juice glass.
	“I had lunch with Mrs. Ferguson today. She said her son Cooper met you the day you all went out for frozen yogurt.”
	“He did,” she said, still not turning around.
	“I guess I just wanted to let you know that he is a very nice gentlemen, and suitable for any wholesome girl.”
	Did that d-bag really ask, of all people, his mom to speak to my mother about his pursuit of Lacey? He was lucky I didn’t know about this when I saw him at registration. I’d really have to watch him. He meant business.
	“I know, Mrs. Drake.”
	“Well, that’s all. I’m sure Adele’s waiting.”
	When Lacey walked away, my mom turned her head in my direction. Her sudden awareness of me froze me in place, and the juice I was drinking dribbled down my front.
	“For heaven’s sake, Truman. Now, Lacey will have to mop the floor.” Before I could stop her she went for the napkin roll on the counter. 
	Panicking, I gazed around for a way to quickly hide my face, but came up with nothing.
	“And what are you doing here anyway?” She ripped off the napkin. “I left a note for you to register for classes.” She turned around, and the napkin dropped from her hand.
	Caught, I put my glass on the counter. I didn’t bother to explain I’d already been to school. I was sure that was the least of her concerns with the way she looked at me now.
	Eyes wide and jaw slacked she rushed over, grabbing my cheeks. “What happened? Oh my God, Truman.”
	“Mom, mom.” I pulled my face out of her hands. “I’m fine. Just a few cuts and bruises.”
	Her hand went to her mouth. “Oh my God. Bruises, Truman? Where? We need to get you to a hospital.” 
She grabbed for me, but I stepped back.
“Mom, I said I’m fine. I had a friend check me out. Everything is good. I’m just a bit sore.” 
She blinked. “What friend? Your note said you were with Copper last night. Were you with him when this happened? I hope not after what I just told Lacey about him.”
Dammit. As much as I couldn’t stand the guy, I didn’t want him to get in trouble for the crap I was caught up in. I didn’t want to lie to my mom, but I didn’t have a choice. “I was with Cooper, but this wasn’t his fault. We were also out with some other kids.”
She stepped forward, hands on her hips. “What other kids, and how did this happen? The rules still apply, Truman, and you never mentioned hanging out with anyone else.”
“Look, Mom.” I let out a breath, buying me more time for a lie. “We went out and had some fun. There was a bit of an accident, and I got hurt. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you, but I have a good reason.” Think. Think. Think.
“Which is?”
And just like that, it clicked. “I was in a car accident.”
She gasped. “Car accident? Oh, my God, Truman. Is the car wrecked? How could you not say anything?”
“My car was damaged, but it’s in the shop right now. I didn’t tell you about the accident because I wasn’t the party at fault and didn’t want to get the guy in trouble who was. The kid doesn’t want his parents to know what happened. He’s also a member at the country club and is walking on thin ice with his parents already.”
My argument may have been a stretch, but I was desperate. The fact of the matter was I was the one on thin ice with my own parents. Placing the blame on someone else would keep me in the clear of what would be far worse than a curfew and a nanny—complete house arrest.
“Well, his parents have a right to know, Truman, and it’s my responsibility as a parent to tell him. Not to mention, he affected the safety of my own child with his foolishness and needs to be reprimanded. Give me the name.”
I sighed. “Mom, I know I don’t have a right to ask anything from you after what I did, but I need one pass this time. As you know, I’m new to town, and it’s hard making friends in a new place. I don’t want this guy knowing I snitched. Please do me a solid and forget about it just this one time.”
Cementing the act, I dipped my head with my lip pouted out.
Nothing happened for a moment, but I didn’t let up the expression. Silence was good. Silence meant she was considering it.
“One time, Truman, and that’s the only time. I mean it,” she finally said.


Chapter Thirty-Four
Lacey

“Holy hell, Lacey, was she suspicious?” Margot asked on the other end of the phone.
Turning the corner, the country club came into view through the Mercedes’ window. “I don’t think so. I technically told her the truth. But God, Margot, what if we hadn’t heard her? She would have caught her son with his fingers up the personal assistant!”
My core burning from the thought of Drake’s skilled fingers, I pushed my thighs together.
“You mean, with his fingers up the nanny,” she said, with a giggle.
My expression dropped. “That sounds dirtier.”
“No matter what way you spin in, that guy has got you going in all the right ways. You two need to figure this out. It’s not right that you two have nowhere to go. I’ll talk to Ty, but I don’t know what good it would do.” She sighed.
“It wouldn’t. And your problems aren’t mine anyway. Don’t worry about it. Drake and I will figure things out.” By my statement I meant that I hoped we’d figure it out. We didn’t really seem to have many options until he left for school.
“I’m so sorry, Lacey. I can’t believe what Ty did.”
Margot was practically shouting over the phone when I called her about the fight, but there really wasn’t anything she could do. This was just, unfortunately, how the world worked. She couldn’t stop it, nor could Drake and I. We’d all die trying. 
“It’s okay. It’s not your fault that he’s a psychopath. Drake and I will just stay out of his way for the next month. Drake starts school soon and once he does, we won’t have to worry about being seen together.” 
Pulling up to the valet at the country club, I shut off the engine, and got out of the car.
“And thank God for that, Lacey. You have a right to have some good things come your way. How’s your mama doing?”
My frown was only kept away by the smile I had to give the valet as I gave him the keys to the Mercedes. “Not good. She hasn’t been responding to her treatments, and she’s lost so much weight over the last year. She’s just so weak. She’s getting worse, Margot. She won’t let on, but I know she’s hurting.”
There was a pause on her end. “Is there nothing you can do? With the money you’re making now can’t you do anything?”
“There are things the doctor still wants to try, and she is supposed to start those soon, but it doesn’t matter how much money we have if . . . if she’s beyond help . . .” Letting out a breath, I ran a finger under my eye to catch the welling tears.
“Don’t say it. Things will be fine. Just keep your chin up, okay?”
Nodding like she was there to see, I walked out back to the tennis courts. Seeing Adele over by one of the court’s nets, I gave her a wave and bright expression when I took a viewing bench.
She waved back, then crouched low into playing position.
“So, anything else been going on? Did you hear any word for that audition you went to? You should have heard back from them by now.”
Gripping the phone, I nibbled my thumbnail. I’d purposely been avoiding this topic with her. “I did and I got a callback, but I’m not going to the next round. Mama needs me right now, and I don’t have enough money saved to go even if I got the part—”
“Wait. Back up. You got a callback?!” Her voice hitched on the end. “Squee! You’re going. I don’t care what you say. This is a sign, girl. A new opera debuts—in France—they have open castings for it here, you get a callback for it, your old job wraps up its season, and your new job finally allows you money to travel . . . Girl, it’s in the stars. Can’t you see that?”
I’d be lying to say that the stars didn’t align, but at the end of the day my place was here. Mama was here. And now, Drake was here, too. Not that I wouldn’t consider leaving just because of him, but what we had was new, and I definitely wanted to explore that. 
Gazing toward the courts, I watched Adele and some of the other junior members split off into pairs on the sidelines with their rackets. Adele was paired with a blond boy with a rather dashing smile. Holding out his racket in front of him, he gestured the technique of his swing to her. As she watched intently, her cheeks flushed crimson.
“Oh my God, look at Adele!” I grinned. 
“What? Is she still being a little terrorist?”
I laughed at the lack of update I’d given her. “No, we’re past that now. I’m watching her practice her tennis moves. She got paired off with this little cutie, and her face went beet red. I think she likes him. Oh, wait,” I said, watching Adele come to me. “Just a sec. She’s coming over.”
“Okay. I have to go take care of some business really quickly anyway. They just knocked.”
I chuckled. “Do you want me to call you back?”
“Nope. He’s a regular. I won’t even have to open up the door the whole way. It’s a standard drop and pay. Give me two seconds.”
“Alrighty.” I put the phone on the bench and handed Adele a bottle of water when she sat down next to me.
“Hey. So did you get my message about the racket?” Unscrewing the cap, she gulped from her bottle.
I definitely did all right. My face went warm thinking about the interception I had. “I did, but I was already there. I decided to do the dishes since I had a few minutes and didn’t have to look for it.”
Nodding, she looked off toward the courts. The boy she was with made eye contact with her and gave her a slight wave before going back to his conversation with his friends.
Adele’s face blazed fire instead of crimson.
“Who’s the boy?” I asked, fighting a smile as I watched the two.
“Oh, that’s Pete.” Her eyes didn’t leave him and neither did her warm expression. “He’s new. They just paired us for doubles.”
“He’s really cute.”
Her eyes flickered my way. “Is he? I hadn’t noticed.”
Right. 
“Well, break is done. I’ll see you.” Practically leaping from the bench, she made a beeline for Pete.
When she got over to him, they chatted, turning their rackets aimlessly on the heads as they spoke. The sight was, frankly, the most adorable thing I’d ever seen. 
Almost forgetting about my call, I picked up the phone. “Margot?”
While listening for her voice, my gaze caught Adele’s friend Abby on the other side of the net. With the sourest expression, the redhead with the high ponytail watched Adele and Pete. Spinning her own racket on its head, she ignored the guy with glasses talking to her.
I guessed she didn’t like her partner as much as Adele liked hers.
“Hey, I’m back. What did I miss?” said Margot’s voice on the phone.
I wasn’t able to respond as the tennis match drew my attention. The players were Adele and Pete versus Abby and the guy with the glasses. Both teams at their positions, they bounced the tennis ball back and forth. Abby wouldn’t let her partner get in one hit, but Adele and Pete worked well together, alternating shots as the ball came to them. Abby’s technique got aggressive, and she shot the ball at Adele. The swing had so much power behind it the ball almost hit her head. To dodge it, Adele spun in a circle, catching the rogue tennis ball at the edge of her racket. The ball went back to the other side of the court with force and hit Abby in her foot. She went down for the count, and everyone rushed over to her.
Alarmed, I stood up and hurried over to the group.
“Hey, are you still there, Lacey?” Margot asked.
“Yeah, just a sec,” I said, dropping the phone to my side.
Abby lay on the court turf with the crowd surrounding her. Adele gazed over her, looking completely stricken by what happened.
“I’m so sorry, Abby,” she pleaded, gripping her racket.
With a pained expression, the little redhead didn’t respond. She just held her ankle close to her body, rocking back and forth on the ground. She acted like Adele shot her with a bullet instead of a soft tennis ball.
The club’s tennis instructor came over in his white shorts. “Hey, Abby. Do you need a medic?”
Finally getting over the drama fest, Abby let go of her ankle and leaned up into sitting position. “Let me see if I can put weight on it first.” 
When the girl attempted to stand, she practically melted back to the ground like a damsel in distress.
Oh, give me a break.
“Maybe I just need to rest it.” She rubbed her ankle with a sad puppy dog expression on her face.
“I can take you to the benches, Abby.” The guy with the glasses went for her hand, and she practically fled from him with her retreat. 
“That’s okay, Miles,” she said, putting her hand back to her ankle casually. “Pete can take me. Is that okay, Pete?” She beamed at him.
I couldn’t believe what was happening in front of me. Adele was definitely giving off signs of interest in Pete, and Abby had to have known since she was watching the two before the match. Why wouldn’t she back off and respect that? Wasn’t there a girl code or something? Or was that not valid amongst the North Shore kids?
Pete looked uneasy, but he held out his hand to her. “Of course, Abby.”
“Could you pick me up and take me? I don’t know if I can hold my weight on my ankle.” She batted her eyelashes.
This girl had no shame.
When Pete picked Abby up, she wrapped her arms around his neck. Watching the two, Adele’s face was so panicked and flushed she looked on the brink of tears. “I’m so sorry, Abby. Do you need anything? I can get you something.”
“No, I think you did enough.” Whipping her high ponytail around, the sea of red nearly hit Adele in her face as she passed her.
Flinching, Adele stepped back and let the two go around her. With a smug look, Abby laid her head into the crook of Pete’s neck as he took her toward the benches. Adele stood stark still, watching her new friend move away from her with both confusion and hurt reflected across her angelic features.


Chapter Thirty-Five
Drake

	While still inside the cab, I read Derrick’s text just one more time to make sure. It wasn’t too late to turn back, and I wasn’t about to take any chances.
	Hey. Your car is ready. Don’t worry Ty isn’t around.
	God, I hoped not. I was still sore, and if I went through another round with him I might end up in a body bag not the hospital. If I was at peak condition, I’d be able to take him on. Back home I used to have to deal with punk-ass dudes all the time. Ones who thought they could mess with the Asian kid who had white parents. Wasn’t long before I gained the respect, climbed up the ranks, and cemented myself at the top of the social ladder. But those fights were always one on one, and after last night I knew Ty wouldn’t fight fair. The guy was a coward, and something told me even if we did get into it head to head his weapon of choice wouldn’t be his fists. He’d be packing heat for sure. 
	I paid my fare, then headed into the old garage. 
	Hip hop charged through the room from a speaker somewhere, and a few men were scattered around the shop and underneath cars. 
	Assuming Derrick would be near my car, I headed to the red Jag in the corner. Derrick was rubbing down the shiny hood as I came over.
	The car looked better than the day it came off the lot. No dents or broken windows in sight. Grabbing the window ledge, I studied inside the interior. They even vacuumed out all the debris. “Thanks, Derrick. You’re a lifesaver.”
	Chuckling, Derrick came up beside me, wiping his hands down with a rag. “Quite a job, but I got it done.”
	I rose up and studied the hood. Nothing but the red with metallic flecks in the paint was there now. “How did you get it done so quickly?”
	“Worked through the night and into today. It was fun.”
	Good thing this was his idea of fun. I’d never be able to repay him properly for his services. Taking out my wallet, I attempted as much as I could with the cash I had.
	His eyes went wide and he lifted his hands like he couldn’t take it. “Man, that’s too much. You don’t have to do that.”
	“Yeah, I do. My father would have a heart attack if he were to see this, and don’t even get me started on my mom. I owe you one seriously.”
	Finally allowing himself to accept it, he took the money. After pocketing the cash, Derrick got a good look at my face and cringed. “Wow, man. Ty really got you good, didn’t he? What about his warning to not come on this side of town, and my warning to not mention you know Lacey, didn’t you understand?”
	Shrugging, I leaned against the car. “I had to, man. Something happened to Lacey at my place and not coming down here wasn’t an option. I had to make it right.”
	“What happened?”
	“My father. He’s ignorant and hurt her feelings. I had to risk coming out here to make sure she was okay, and honestly, I’d do it again in a heartbeat.” I really would.
	Whistling, he shook his head. “So you knew what could happen, but you did it anyway for Lacey?”
	I nodded.
	Derrick placed out his hand. “You’re good people, man, and my ‘cus is lucky to have you.”
	I shook it. “I really appreciate that. Lacey and I need as many allies as we can get. We don’t really know what to do about our status at this point. She works for my parents, so being together is going to be tough.”
	As his hand left mine, he gazed away in thought. “And my side sure doesn’t make it any easier. I’m so sorry about that, man. Had I been there I would have stepped in. I was at the country club doing a shift.”
	My eyebrows shot up in surprise. “You would have stepped in?”
	“Don’t look so shocked, man. He threatened my ‘cus last night by messing with you, and he threatened a friend.” 
	I gave a small smile. “Thanks. I really do appreciate that.”
	“Anytime, but hey, I got to get back to work.” He held out his hand, and I shook it again. “But you keep fighting. Don’t let anybody come between you and yours.”
	Dropping his hand, I snapped my fingers when he did. “I’ll remember that. Thanks again, and I’ll see you when I see you. Lacey is at the country club, so I was going to try and go see her. Maybe sneak some moments in with her before she has to head back to the house.”
	“Good luck, and you do have an ally here. Remember that.”
	And I would.
*
	
I rushed to the country club. Even though I sped, it still took forever to get there because of the city traffic. I probably missed Lacey and Adele, but I headed inside anyway to check and make sure. 
I left my aviators on and the hood of my hoodie up even though I was inside. If I ran into people my parents knew, I didn’t want to start a scene. My mom may have known of my condition, but we really didn’t need talk going around. Normally, I wouldn’t care, but my mom gave me a pass, and I didn’t want to abuse that. It was funny how I was actually being considerate of her now. Perhaps, being with Lacey was the reason I wasn’t so selfish these days.
I made it out back to the tennis courts, but just as I thought, no one was out there. Not giving up, I headed back to the locker rooms, and attempted to do another check. The doors of the rooms were just in sight when Ashley popped in front of me from around the corner.
Wearing her latest cleavage-displaying top, she beamed at me. “Drake, how are you?”
Dipping my head, I attempted to keep from revealing my bruised face to her. 
Not well enough, though.
Alarmed, she stepped forward and reached toward my cheek like she was going to touch my face. “Drake, what happened?”
I angled out of her touch. “Nothing. Just had a little accident rock climbing.”
And the lies continued.
“Oh. Well, that sucks. Those things happen, though, I guess. Don’t worry. You still look sexy.” She squeezed my shoulder.
Goddamn this girl was relentless. I knew for a fact I was not giving off any kind of vibes that I was interested in her.
 “You know, Drake.” She slid her hand along my tender bicep. “I’ve been very, very patient with you, and I’m never this patient.”
This was patient. I’d hate to see her in a hurry. I’d end up in her bed within ten minutes of meeting her. Before Lacey, that would have been a conquest. But, now? Shower a million times just to get her off me.
“I like you, Drake,” she said, running her hands up my chest until her arms were wrapped around my neck. “And I’m telling you because I want you to do something about that. My parents are very influential. We could benefit from each other, and I think we could go far together. Just think about that.”
Reaching up slowly to be mindful of my sore muscles, I unhooked her fingers from around my neck. “Thanks, Ashley. I’ll consider it.” 
Something told me that if I didn’t give her an inch she wouldn’t lay off the aggressiveness. At least if she knew there was hope it would buy me some time to come up with a plan for avoidance.
When she rested her hands by her waist, she went back into her innocent debutante status and out of the femme fatale she just shared. “You do that.”


Chapter Thirty-Six
Lacey

	Quickly, I finished setting out the rest of the dinner dishes on the Drake family’s dining room table. I wanted to head out before I could potentially run into Mr. Drake. It didn’t bother me to be around him, but I didn’t want there to be any unnecessary interaction if I could avoid it.
	Mrs. Drake sat in her seat and put her napkin on her lap. “Lacey, before you leave could you send Adelaide down for dinner?”
	“Of course, Mrs. Drake.” I stepped back to leave.
	“Did you think any more about Cooper, Lacey? I’d love to tell Mrs. Ferguson the good news. She and Mr. Ferguson have given high contributions to Mr. Drake’s campaign, you know.”
	I stopped. This woman really was firmly set in her goals. These people probably couldn’t even grasp the concept of not getting what they wanted. “I did not know that, Mrs. Drake, and I have spoken to Cooper, but I told him that I needed some time to think.”
	She took a sip from her water goblet, then wiped her mouth with her napkin. “What is there to think about? Are you single?”
	I really hated lying, especially to my employer. “It’s complicated.”
	“Oh?” She turned slightly in her chair to look at me.
	“Yes,” I said quickly because I couldn’t help my nervousness under her stare.
	She didn’t say anything for a moment. “Well, I hope things un-complicate themselves soon. Make sure Adelaide comes downstairs.”
	Nodding, I backed away and headed upstairs. 
	I knocked on Adele’s door, but she didn’t answer. “Adele?” I knocked again.
	Creeping open the door, I peeked inside.
	Adele lay on her bed facing the window. 
	I didn’t want to wake her if she was napping, but her mom said she needed to come down.
	Closing the door behind me, I crept over. When I bent down to shake her, I saw her ear buds in. “Adele?”
	She jolted and glanced over her shoulder. “Oh, hey, Lacey.” As she rose up to sit on her bed, she wiped under her eye with her finger. Quickly brushing the movement off, she dipped her head and played with her phone. “What’s up?”
	I slowly sat on the edge of her bed. “Adele, have you been crying?”
	She didn’t look at me. “No. What makes you say that?” Her lips went tight like she was fighting tears.
	Sighing, I wrapped my arm around her. 
	She dropped her phone on her lap and hugged me back.
	“What’s wrong, sweetie?” I caressed her hair.
	She shook her head of brown waves. “You’re going to think it’s stupid.”
	“Try me.”
	She drew in a breath, and wiped her eyes. “Abby asked out Pete.” She sniffed.
	I had a feeling her tears had something to do with this afternoon. Abby never returned to the tennis game, nor did she let Pete. The little hussy was all over the poor kid. I had no idea Adele’s tears were the result of what she just told me, though. How could her friend stoop so low? “What did he say?”
	“He said he’d think about it. Didn’t give her an answer yet. Claire just texted me everything Abby told her.”
	“Well, that’s good. That means they aren’t for sure going out.”
	“It’s not that, Lacey. It’s the fact that she asked him. I told her I liked Pete. I told her, Lacey. Why would she do something like that?” Her voice went shaky at the end, and she wiped her eyes.
	I ran my hand up and down her back. “Because that is what’s known as a mean girl, and just like the movie, they unfortunately do exist.”
	She gazed up, her eyes red. “What movie?”
	How was it possible for me to feel old at eighteen? I guess since I was just in my early teens when it came out, I wasn’t surprised she didn’t know the reference. “Never mind. Just know that there are some girls out there who purely get satisfaction out of making other girls lives miserable.”
	She nodded. “You were right about her. I wish I would have listened. She wouldn’t even talk to me while we were out for frozen yogurt. She was too busy drooling over my lame ole’ brother. She never actually wanted to be my friend. Just get close to Drake through me.”
	“Well, your brother is a looker,” I said it before I could stop myself.
	“Funny, Lacey.” She laughed gently.
	Thank God she thought I was being sarcastic.
	“What am I going to do now? I don’t want to be friends with her, but if I don’t, the other girls won’t hang out with me. I’ll have to start from square one at school.”
	“Is Pete going to your school? He’s new too, right?”
	“Yeah. So?”
	“So . . .” I shook her shoulder. “Something tells me he said he’d think about the date with Abby because he is into you.”
	She blinked her long lashes. “Seriously? You think so? I mean, I was picking up vibes, but I wasn’t sure.”
	I laughed. “I’m pretty sure. I would talk to him. You can both be each other’s allies to start the new school year, and maybe he’ll be the one to ask you out.”
	She smiled thinking about that. “I think that sounds like a good idea.”
	“Good.” I rubbed her back one last time, then let go. “Now, your mom wants you down for dinner. Better hurry.”
	She nodded as I stood. “Um, Lacey?”
	“Yeah?”
	“Too bad my brother is such a dork that you’d never go out with him. It would be cool.”
	I smiled. That’s all I could do.
*

	When I stepped into my house Margot was sitting on the couch eating a bag of Cheetos in front of the TV.
	Shaking my head, I dropped off my bag at the door with my house keys.
	She clicked off the TV, a sour expression on her face. “I see you’re alive.”
	“What do you mean?”
	She made a look like it was obvious. “Uh, we were in the middle of a conversation and then you hung up on me. Good thing I’m not a worrier. Otherwise, I’d be worried.”
	Oh, crap. I did do that. With the ongoings of Abby-The-Dramatic I forgot I was on a call. “Sorry. There was a bit of a meltdown at the country club.”
	“Oh?” She chewed on some Cheetos. “What happened? One of little junior bimbesses break a nail?” She held the bag out to me.
	I waved my hand, denying the offer. “Nope. Adele had a bit of a mean girl problem. The situation made her stop and re-evaluate her friendships a bit. I think she’ll be okay, though.” I walked around the room. “Who let you in anyway? Where’s Sue?”
	“She’s the one that let me in. I hope you don’t mind, but I let her go home. You’re mama tired her out.”
	I laughed, crossing my arms. “I warned her about Mama. And no, I don’t mind. You stayed, so it’s cool.”
	“Yeah, your mama is a firecracker,” she said, pointing toward Mama’s room. “She actually yelled at me for sending her servant away.”
	That sounded like her. “What’s Mama doing anyway?” I asked, stepping toward her room.
	“Oh, don’t bother. She tired herself out, too. She’s taking a nap.”
	Well, that made my job easier. I’d have a nice, quiet evening. I didn’t necessarily want that, though. I would have traded the peace to spend the time with Drake any day. Things were what they were I guess.
	Trying not to think about it, I joined Margot on the couch. My phone rang even before I hit the cushions.
	“Don’t even think about answering that,” Margot said, grabbing for my phone as I took it out of my pocket.
	I held it out of her reach. “What’s the big idea, Ms. Grabby Hands?”
	“You left me hanging this afternoon, and we’re going to sit here and have a civilized conversation.”
	“We will. Just let me answer this really quickly.”
	She pouted. “It won’t be quick if it’s—”
	“Drake.” I beamed, staring at the screen. 
	Margot leaned back on the couch in a huff.
	I patted the air to calm her down. “I promise. Just two seconds.” I pressed the talk button.
	“Right.” Dropping her feet from the couch, she left the Cheetos bag in her place. “Let me know what he said tomorrow since you’ll be on the phone all night.” She got up and headed for the door.
	I threw a pillow at her as I put the phone to my ear. 
	She dodged it, and winked as she closed the door.
Shaking my head, I spoke into the receiver, “Hello?”
	“Hey there,” said a familiar, silky, velvet voice.
	Goosebumps actually covered my skin at the sound of his voice. How could he do that to me, and he wasn’t even here? “Hi, Drake.”
	“It’s good to hear your voice. How are you? Besides being beautiful and sexy as hell with the hottest little nipple piercings I’ve ever seen.”
	My face burning, I bit the spot of my lip ring. “I hope mine are the only ones you’ve ever seen.”
	“This is true, but if I had seen others, yours would definitely be the hottest.”
	“Flattery won’t get me into your bed, Truman Drake.” Actually, it probably would, but he was being cocky and didn’t need to hear how weak I was to him.
	“Just to let you know, I’m pouting right now.”
	Laughing at the thought of his adorable expression, I put my hand to my mouth to cover the sounds.
	“So what are you doing?”
	Missing him. But I didn’t want to say that and sound pathetic. “Just sitting around.” I played with the threads on the couch cushion between two fingers.
	“I wish I could be there just sitting around with you.”
	Thank God he was feeling the same way. I didn’t feel so bad. “Yeah?”
	“Yeah. And I’m new to the whole committed relationship thing—I can practically count how long my longest relationship lasted using a kitchen timer . . .”
	I chuckled.
	“. . . but is it normal to miss you like crazy when I only just saw you this afternoon?”
	Sighing, I lay back on the couch. “Yes, because I feel the same way.”
	“Well, that’s relief. I was starting to feel a bit lame.”
	Smirking, I shook my head. “You wouldn’t want that. Adele might outcast you.”
	He chuckled. “No, I wouldn’t. And it may be a bit girly, but I will preach from the rafters that I miss my girl.”
	“I guess I won’t be upset by your chauvinistic reference since in your own way it’s sweet. . .” 
	“And I appreciate this.”
	“. . . or linger on the fact that you left me hanging this afternoon.” I tapped at the phone with my finger, anxiously awaiting his response.
	“God, I’m sorry about that, Lace.”
	“It’s okay.”
	“That’s the thing, Lace, it’s not. What happened today was a reality check. We’re going to have to sneak around constantly just to be together. Hanging around places like the mall or even just going to the movies will be a struggle here in the North Shore. We’ll have to constantly worry about if word will get back to my parents. These people talk like crazy here.”
	I frowned. I realized the reality of our situation last night, but the reminder sent a caving feeling into my chest and a large lump I couldn’t manage to swallow into my throat.
“We should be able to do whatever want whenever we want. I mean, I can’t even touch you, or hold you just because I feel like it without the paranoia we’re under someone’s eye. There is nothing right about that.”
	I restlessly played with a curl. “I know. Things will turn around, though. You start school soon.”
	“Yeah, but not soon enough. I just want to be able to have a moment alone with you whenever I feel like it. I even went to the courts today to see you, but you and Adele had already left.”
“You did?” Darn it. I wished I stayed a bit longer. I couldn’t have asked Adele to do that after what happened with Abby, though. “Where are you now?”
“Home.”
“Seriously? I just came from there.”
He groaned into the receiver. “This is just ridiculous.”
He was right. It was ridiculous.
“When are you coming in tomorrow? Maybe I can pry my sister away and—”
“I’m not coming in tomorrow.”
“Wait. Why?”
I guessed he didn’t check the family schedule. “Your mom gave me a few days off. She’s going to be around and won’t need me.”
The phone line went silent for a moment. “Okay. I think I’ve got a plan, and I know you’re not going to like it, but I’m getting desperate here.”
I leaned up, dropping the hair that was wrapped around my finger. “What kind of plan?”
“Ashley Jameson approached me today.”
I thought about his statement, but couldn’t place the name. “Who’s that?”
“She is a member at the country club. You might have seen her the day of the pool party at the table I was at.”
There were a few girls with him that day, but only one gave me the stink eye. I bet that was the one he was referring to. “Why did she approach you?”
“She has been on me since my father’s campaign fundraiser about picking up something between the two of us.”
I gritted my teeth.
“Up until today she was only dropping hints, but the girl actually cornered me today when I stopped by the country club. I was surprised she didn’t have the marriage papers already drawn up and with her.”
“Okay. Why does she matter? Unless, you’re thinking about seeing her, too . . .” My heart clenched. We technically didn’t cement anything as exclusive, and actually going out with me would be a struggle. She’d be easy to date. Me, not so much.
“Oh, God no, Lace. I mean, sort of— Well, not really.”
My lips pursed tight. “Truman Drake, if you’re thinking about dating me and her at the same time, then you better forget about me and anything we have—”
“No, Lace, this is the plan I’m trying to tell you about. She’s been trying to get me to go out with her, and Cooper has been trying to get you to go out with him. Well, why not make them both happy, and give them what they want.”
I narrowed my eyebrows. “I don’t follow.”
“You and I both need a valid excuse to go out together. Well, if we take these two out that gives us that reason. We all go out as a group, then you and I make up an excuse to leave. They go home, and we stay out. Done deal.”
Biting my lip, I thought about that for a moment. “I don’t know, Drake. I don’t want to lead Cooper on.”
“Then don’t. Leave everything that occurs that night between you completely platonic. Don’t act like you’re into him. Just be friendly. I’ll do the same with Ashley, and then we’ll ditch.” 
This whole plan sounded sketchy, and reminded me of something Adele’s friend Abby would do. I didn’t know if I wanted to be that mean girl.
He sighed into the phone. “I knew you wouldn’t go for it.”
“Drake, I really want to go out, just not at the expense of someone else.”
“Even if it gives us some time together? Time that, until I start school, we don’t know for sure we’ll get?”
God, did I want that time. But could I do it knowing I’d be playing someone else?
“Just tell me you’ll think about it.”
I could give him that. “I’ll think about it.”
“Okay. I’ll let you go. I’ve got to go over some stuff I got at class registration today. I don’t want to go, though.”
I smiled. “I know.”
“I guess, I’ll talk to you when I talk to you?”
I cringed, hating the sound of that. “Okay.”
“Okay. Well, um . . .”
The line went silent as I waited for him to finish.
“Bye, Lace,” he said quickly.
“Bye, Drake.”
Pulling my phone away from my ear, I gazed at the screen that showed the elapsed minutes. As pathetic as it was, I already missed him. God, why did life have to suck so hard? I couldn’t have worked for another family? He couldn’t have pissed off someone who didn’t ask me out, and wasn’t a gangbanger slash stalker?
Groaning, I laid my phone on my chest and stared at the ceiling.
I wouldn’t see him for at least a few days, and even then, it would only be able to be in passing. 
No longer allowing myself to think about it, I swiped my phone off my chest and went into the text message screen. I typed a single word: Okay.
After sending off the message to Drake, I lay back and finally took that long needed rest.


Chapter Thirty-Seven
Drake

	After squirting a bit of product into my palm, I ran it through my hair with my fingers. My mom’s face came into view via the bathroom mirror as I moved on to crisping the collar of the gray shirt that paired with my black suit.
	I dropped my arms as she put her hands on my shoulders to smooth out the material.
	“You look very handsome, Truman,” she said, smiling bright.
	“Ah, Mom.” I adjusted my black tie. “You’re going to make a guy blush.”
	Taking her hands away from my arms, she placed them at her waist and stood beside me. “Well, I can’t help it. You look very nice, and I couldn’t be happier that you’re going out with Ashley Jameson tonight. She’s a very nice girl, and you two will have a great time.”
	I bet she was happy. She wouldn’t be if she knew what my actual plan was. I was still glad she was pleased, though. Even if her happiness was because of a lie.
	“And to invite Lacey and Cooper to come,” she said, shaking her head with her wide smile, “I just couldn’t be more pleased with you. You’ve become so thoughtful and mature all of the sudden.”
	“Well,” I turned around, “I figured I should leave here right since I’m heading off to campus soon.”
	She grabbed and rubbed my shoulders. “That makes me happy to hear.” She dropped her hands. “You have fun, and I don’t feel you need a curfew tonight. Stay out as long as you want.”
	That was a guilt knife if I’d ever felt one. “Are you sure, Mom?” 
What was I saying? I really did feel guilty.
	“I’m sure. I want you to have fun. You’ve budged a little with your attitude change, so I will. You better head out. Don’t want to be late now.”
*

	Driving through the steel gates and up the cobblestone driveway, I made it in front of Ashley’s house. The two-story country home was much larger than ours, and the landscaping expanded for what seemed like miles out front. These were the type of people I was supposed to associate with, the kind of people with fancy houses and well-trimmed hedges. The girl I’d be ending the evening with tonight didn’t have any of those things, yet she intrigued me more than these people ever did.
	Smiling at the thought of her, I approached Ashley’s door. The expression left the minute the door of the country manor opened. Ashley’s set of overly-plumped, ruby red lips smacked when she witnessed her escort for the evening.
	I fought myself from shuddering.
	“Drake! You look amazing.” She grabbed me in a hug, nearly crushing the single rose I brought.
	Thank God I wasn’t sore anymore. This girl hugged like a straight up dude with that death grip of hers. 
	Wiggling, I unfastened myself from her grasp. “Thanks, Ashley, and you 
look . . .” I sought out a platonic word as I stared at her short, velvet dress and opera gloves. “. . . nice.” I presented her the crushed flower.
	She beamed like I showered her with the highest compliment as she took the rose. “Thanks. That’s so sweet of you. Do you want to meet Mommy and Daddy? I can go get them before we leave.”
	Oh, God no. A meet with the ‘rents was the first step to the altar. I quickly found an excuse. “I would, but we’re already running late, and then there’s the obvious issue 
of. . . .” I pointed to my face. 
The mild bruises and few scabs I had weren’t horrific looking, but they were there. I figured using my injuries as an excuse would deter her.
	“Oh.” She looked worried. “I see what you mean.”
	I let a small sigh of relief escape from my lips.
	After closing the door behind her, Ashley walked with me to the Jag. She made sure to loop her arm around mine like I was escorting her to prom. 
	Rolling my eyes, I opened the door for her.
	“Such a gentlemen.” She grinned, sliding into the seat.
	God this act was going to be hard. Once I saw Lacey the situation would be more tolerable, though.
	We headed downtown to the theater. This one was much larger than the one Lacey worked at, and it also had valet service. Taking advantage of the fact, I pulled the car up to the front. The valet opened the door for Ashley, and I came around and escorted her up the grand steps inside. 
	In the center of the golden foyer, Cooper stood under the crystal chandelier wearing a cream-colored suit and matching leather shoes. He might have been the best-dressed guy in the place if it weren’t for myself. The other show attendees hustling and bustling around him, he gazed about the room.
	He was also very much without Lacey.
	My jaw clenched. Did he have Lacey meet him here? Forgetting about Ashley, I charged toward him. “Where’s Lacey?”
	He flinched in surprise, but then smiled. “Oh, hi, Drake.” He looked around me. “Ashley.”
	She pulled up alongside me. “Hey, Cooper.”
	Ignoring the salutations, I asked again. “Cooper? Lacey?”
	He refocused on me and my impatience. “Lacey went to check her wrap.”
	Clenching my teeth, I kept myself from being a smartass and stating that he probably should have gone with her. When she walked down the stairs, I no longer cared about missing my chance at the insult.
	Wearing a short black dress that dipped and exposed enough of her perfect cleavage to send a spike into my pulse, Lacey joined our small group. Her black dress was lined with lace and outdid the elegance of every female present. 
I couldn’t take my eyes off her even if I wanted to.
Her chocolate eyes lit up when she saw me. I guess I impressed her, as well. 
“Drake,” she said, her glossy-red lips begging to be kissed. “Wow. Look at you. You clean up rather well, I’d say.”
I didn’t have words for how she looked, and if I did, I wouldn’t waste them on group ears. They’d only be for her. I had to figure out a way to get her alone for a minute.
“Drake?” Ashley managed to eye me through her overload of eye makeup.
Oh, yeah. I was her date tonight. I supposed I better make with the pleasantries. “Thanks, Lacey, and I could say the same about you . . .”
Her caramel cheeks blushed, and I wanted to snatch her up she looked so cute.
Fighting it off, I finished by saying, “. . . and I’d like you to meet my date, Ashley Jameson. Ashley, this is Lacey Douglas.”
Ashley held out her velvet-gloved hand to Lacey’s wrist-length, black laced one. “Charmed.”
“Likewise,” Lacey said.
“So should we head in?” Cooper held out his arm for Lacey.
I decided to go for my chance before I missed it. “Actually, I have something I have to speak to Lacey about on my mom’s behalf. Cooper, would you mind escorting Ashley in while I speak to Lacey? It will only take a few minutes.”
“Of course. No problem.” Cooper diligently held out his arm for Ashley, but she didn’t take it.
Frowning, Ashley’s bottom lip lowered into a pout. “How long will you be?”
“Not long. I promise.” I pulled her arm into Cooper’s so she’d go.
She walked off when he did, but her gaze lingered on Lacey and me before she gave Cooper her full attention. No sooner did the two head up the stairs and toward our box, than I grabbed Lacey’s arm and escorted her off.
“Drake, what are you doing?” she whispered, looking both nervous and exhilarated.
Turning a tight corner, I didn’t answer her. Banking on something else to speak for me, I slipped my hands to her cheeks and kissed her smooth lips. The wave of her scent fired up my adrenaline, but I managed to keep myself from taking her up against the marble wall.
Not fighting the desire I had for her, she deepened the kiss and ran her hands up my chest.
I didn’t want to stop, but there were people all around us. Even if they had no idea who we were, it was rude to create a scene.
Breaking our kiss, I leaned my forehead against hers. “You look stunning.”
Her lips tipped up to the side, and she gave me a small kiss. “And you look sexy as hell tonight. Looking all handsome and debonair and stuff.”
Chuckling, I leaned back and laced my fingers in hers. I finally got to take in a proper look of her breasts and curvy body hiding behind the thin layer of her dress. “You’re seriously going to get me in trouble tonight. I want to peel that dress off you.”
“I hope you will later.” She grinned, swinging our hands back and forth.
I fought in a groan. I didn’t know if I could last the whole early showing with her looking the way she did. The plan was to watch the show, then dip out before dinner. I’d have to contain myself, though. We had an act to perform. “Don’t worry about that, and that is a promise.”
She gave a wide smile. Her eyes flickered to the side when the crowd in the halls thinned. She let go of my hands “We probably should get inside. We don’t want them to get suspicious by being out here when the show starts.”
I grabbed her hand as she stepped off. “Wait. As much as I enjoyed kissing you, that wasn’t exactly the reason for pulling you aside.”
“It wasn’t?”
“Nope, it wasn’t.” I pulled her back to me. “I got you something.”
She eyed me curiously. “You did? Did you give Ashley something?”
“I did.”
“Uh, huh.” She crossed her arms, her smile coy. “What happened to being platonic?”
“There is a difference between being platonic and just being an asshole. I got her a rose because I was her date. Chivalry wasn’t lost on me, you know?”
She chuckled.
“Anyway, your gift is a bit more unique.” I reached into my pocket and pulled out the long velvet box.
Her lips parted in surprise. “Drake, you didn’t have to—”
I snapped the box open, and her voice instantly cut off. Her mouth wouldn’t form words, so I took that as a pleased response to the silver bracelet with two charms inside.
“Hold out your wrist, Lacey.”
Mouth still agape, she did.
I slid the bracelet around her flawless skin and clasped the closure. “As you can see, this is a charm bracelet. You have an “L” for your name, of course.” I pointed to the cursive, silver letter. “And a diamond encrusted music note.” I ran my finger along the sparkling charm against her skin.
“Drake . . .” She shook her head in dismay. “It’s too much. I can’t—” 
Pulling her in slowly, I kissed her lips, when I finally stepped back I said, “You can.”


Chapter Thirty-Eight
Lacey

His hand laced in mine, Drake walked me up the stairs to our theater box. We probably shouldn’t have been holding hands, but the weakness we had for each other seemed to have taken us both prisoners. 
Before we came within sight of the door, we let go because an usher would be there. 
“What are we seeing?” I asked, trying not to let on about my disappointment of my hand leaving his.
Stopping in front of the usher, Drake grabbed a program from him, then handed it to me. When I saw the name of the show, my heart fluttered.
“I hope you don’t mind that we’re seeing an opera. I wanted to get us tickets for a musical like the one you were in, but this show was the only one still running with tickets available.” Taking a pair of silver opera glasses from the usher, Drake held the shiny pair out to me.
Upon taking the glasses, I had to physically contain myself from wrapping my arms around his neck.
“Is it not, okay?” he asked, his look uneasy. “You’re not saying anything. Do you want to do something else tonight?”
“No.” I shook my head from the combination of both shock and glee. “I’m just overwhelmed. This is perfect, Drake. You don’t know how perfect.” I wanted so badly to kiss him in the moment that I had to let out a breath to calm the action building inside.
“Oh,” he said, relief washed across his face. “Well, great. Shall I take you in?” He held out his arm, and I took it.
The suited usher with a red bow tie opened the door and another usher inside pulled back the crushed velvet curtains. Cooper and Ashley were already seated in the box. My expression dropped as I saw the way they sat. In the four seats, Ashley and Cooper sat next to each other with empty seats on either side.
Drake tugged me in close to him and put his lips to my ear. “Don’t worry. We’re sitting together,” he whispered.
I hoped so.	
Cooper turned around, then stood when he saw me. “Everything okay?”
Ashley shifted in her seat, facing us with her sculpted eyebrow raised. “Yeah. You were taking your time.”
“Yep. Everything is fine. Just Drake family business that Lacey needed to be aware of for her shift tomorrow,” Drake said. 
He released my arm in the direction of Cooper and walked to Ashley’s side. Taking his direction, I followed suit by going to Cooper’s.
Ashley padded the seat to her left for Drake to sit, running her hand along the seat while pursing her lips.
The girl completely gave me chills. Drake was right about her being pushy.
“Actually, Ashley, could I trade seats with you? I have this weird thing about sitting in the middle. I’m the worst person to go to the movies with. I always have to find that exact seat square in the middle of the theater. Viewing any other way, messes with my eyes. I hope you don’t mind.” Drake flashed her a grin that would have made me melt if I was allowed to react to his presence.
The expression played the same with Ashley.
Getting up, she let him through to the middle. “I wouldn’t want you to be uncomfortable, Drake. Just let me know what you need, and I’ll provide it for you.”
I was sure she would.
They both sat, and Cooper watched me. “Do you have a preference, Lacey?”
Why did this guy have to actually be sweet and considerate? God, what Drake and I were doing was so wrong, but the thing was, we felt wronged by our situation. Ignoring the guilt inside me, I took up his offer by sitting in the seat next to Drake.
“Thank you, Cooper.” I said, putting my clutch under the seat.
He nodded with a smile and joined my side.
I read my program until the lights dimmed and went completely dark, signaling the start of the show. My silver glasses in place, I held them up and watched the large stage with the single actress wearing an elaborate ball gown that put to shame the one I wore at the theater I worked for.
Goose pimples formed on my skin at the anticipation of the first note, and when it hit I lost sense of my environment completely. I drowned in the beauty of the song, completely succumbed to it. Drake didn’t know how grateful I was for these tickets, and this beautiful box to see the show from. When the first act wrapped up, I leaned back and sat properly to the back of my seat. God, I was so into the performance I was actually sitting on the edge of my chair. Cooper leaned back when I did, so he must have been just as into it as I was.
“Enjoying yourself?” he asked, resting his arm on the back of my chair.
Lifting my neck up a bit, I tried not to let his arm brush my neck. Platonic. Drake said to keep things platonic. “I am.” 
And I honestly was. I just wished I didn’t have to lead Cooper on to enjoy the time.
He gave a wide grin. “Great. I’m happy to hear that. Would you like a refreshment?”
Rolling my tongue a bit in my mouth, I actually was thirsty. “Maybe just a bottle of water.”
Nodding, Cooper left. No sooner was he gone when Drake was in my ear.
“You looked very into that, so I couldn’t bear to bother you. I can’t guarantee that restraint for the rest of the show. Just fair warning.”
He pulled back quickly, and my gaze landed on Ashley who was busy messing around in her purse, oblivious to Drake’s suggestions to me.
My heart drumming in my chest, I forced my breathing to regulate. God, the next few acts were going to be tough. When Drake said something he didn’t bluff. What was he going to do?
Cooper came back and handed me a bottle of Evian. “I hope it’s chilled enough for you.”
“I’m sure it’s fine.” I smiled, placing my glasses into my lap, so I could uncap the water.
“I’m glad you decided to call, Lacey. This has been great so far.”
The guilt pulled at my chest as the room went dark again. 
Cooper got back into his previous position of leaning forward, but I was distracted this time. Anxious, I waited for Drake to make on his suggestion. After a few minutes of being tense, I let out breath. Maybe he’d changed his mind.
I placed my water bottle down to the floor with my purse. When I rose up, his lips brushed my neck, and when they started they didn’t stop and turned into a full on kiss.
My eyes fluttering, I gripped my skirt as he gave me gentle nips and sucks.
The paranoia about our dates seeing us rattled my nerves, so I studied my right to get a visual on Cooper. His elbows were on the banister of our box; he was just as engrossed in the show as he had been during the first act. On the other side, I could see Ashley clicking on her phone, also completely distracted from what Drake and I were doing.
I was happy she wasn’t paying attention to us, but why was she on her phone? Was she just so above this whole experience that she didn’t care about the beautiful show we fortunately got to see?
I wasn’t able to dwell on the matter long as Drake picked up his kisses on my neck. I’d have to give it to him, he was smooth. His head was angled just enough that he looked as if he were whispering to me. I didn’t want to take the chance of us being caught, so I slid my hand to his leg to signal him to stop. 
He took this gesture completely different.
He slid his hand along mine, then over it until he braced my thigh, matching the hold I had of his.
I sucked in a breath. He was not going to do this to me right now, was he?
When he pushed his hand up into my dress, I knew he was. 
I wanted to stop him. He was going to get us in trouble. I just couldn’t make myself say something to him. He had me completely captivated, enslaved to his touch. 
He squeezed me, his palm sweaty and hot against my thigh. My whole body matched the heat, and the activity between my thighs had me breathless and needy. I found myself pushing my legs open for easier access.
Bracing my leg, he squeezed up, sliding into my skirt further. I spread my legs for him more. I needed him there. I needed him. He didn’t continue, though. And surprised me when his lips slowed against my skin, and he took his hand out of my dress completely. 
Alarmed by his withdrawal. I studied our surroundings again. Ashley was still on her phone and Cooper on the edge of his seat. Why did Drake stop?
When his lips left my skin and went to my ear, I quickly found out.
“Meet me in front of the bathrooms in five minutes,” he said, his deep voice breathy.
Before I could respond, he was out of his seat and gone.
Frozen in my chair, I swallowed down the lump in my throat. Turning my head, I confirmed our dates were still preoccupied in their separate tasks. Would they notice if I left so soon after Drake? Did they even notice that Drake left at all?
Taking the chance that they wouldn’t, I touched Cooper’s shoulder. He leaned back. Drawing in close, he gave me his ear to whisper in.
“Hey, I’m going to the bathroom,” I told him.
After I turned my head, he whispered in mine, “Do you want me to escort you?”
Not unless he wanted a raunchy surprise. “Um, no, thanks. I can handle it.”
After I passed over his lap, I snuck one more look at Ashley.
Would that girl ever get off her phone?
Not letting myself be annoyed with her, I pushed through the curtains and headed out of our box. Drake told me to meet him at the bathrooms, but which bathrooms? I’d never been to this extravagant theater before. I gestured in front of the usher for his attention. “Sir, where are the nearest bathrooms?”
My voice actually came out shaky. Drake had me completely on edge.
“Downstairs, and at the end of the hall to the right.” The man pointed his white-gloved finger.
Charging off in my heels, I headed toward the stairs. Off the carpeted stairwell, my heels clacked in the empty hall. The grand foyer that was packed before the first act was now drained of its show-goers. 
I was glad no one else was around, but boy did my heels make it sound like a stampede was charging through with the way I was trying to get to Drake. I wanted him so badly I could taste his lips already. 
I turned the corner to the right via the usher’s direction, and my legs nearly went to jelly when I saw Drake.
As he said, he was near the bathrooms at the end of the hall. Leaning against the wall, he stared at the floor. He looked like a freaking runway model with the way he was so causally standing there. Long legs crossed, his tailored black suit framed wonderfully what I knew personally to be an amazing body hiding underneath.
I picked up my steps to get to him.
My heels were so loud, he looked up and watched me as I took—what seemed like—hours to get to him. The anticipation built with every step, and those mahogany eyes practically blazed into amber as he took me in from afar.
I was breathing so hard by the time I got to him, I thought I’d collapse, but his arms kept me from doing that. They went around me and wouldn’t let go.
His kiss held even more security with the lock they had on mine.
Pushing me into the woman’s restroom, he locked the door, and leaned his long body against the length of mine. 
“Drake.” I gasped against his lips, viciously running my fingers through his dark locks. “There’s probably people in here.”
He pressed me up against the bathroom wall, his hands roaming wherever he saw fit along the curves of my hips. “No, there isn’t. I checked.”
Oh, wow. He checked? 
Dropping low, he grabbed my thighs and wrapped them around his waist. In a flash, he had me on the counter by the sinks. After dragging me to the edge of it by my ass, he moved on to pushing my dress up with quick but fumbling hands.
My senses coming to me, I grabbed his hands. “Drake, should we do this in here?”
When he stopped kissing me, his eyes met mine. The mahogany hue was dark, his eyes lidded and feral. His lust for me leaving me breathless, I grabbed his cheeks and attacked his mouth before he could say anything.
“I take it this location isn’t a problem?” He spoke into our kiss.
“Shut up,” I said, before I could change my mind.
He got my dress all the way up and above my tummy. His fingers went for my panties next, looping around the thin material on the side. When he braced them and gave a swift tug, I locked up and nearly shouted at him.
I grabbed his bicep. “Don’t rip them. Don’t rip them. Don’t rip them.”
He pulled back, eyes wide and wandering in confusion. “What?”
“I said, don’t rip them. I just got them from Victoria’s Secret. That place is expensive, you know?” I smacked at his hand until he let go.
He looked like he didn’t know whether to laugh or be insulted. “Are you serious? Lace, I’ll buy you some new panties.”
“I’d rather keep these, thank you.” Hopping off the sink, I shimmied until the lace went down my thighs.
He stood there, arms crossed with his fingers to his lips as he suppressed a smile.
Ignoring him, I stepped out of them daintily, then handed them to him.
Without words, he put them in his pocket. “Okay. Are we good now?”
Shaking my head, I snatched his belt buckle and kissed his lips while I unfastened it.
He pushed his fingers into my curly locks, groaning when I moved my hand from the open fly of his pants and inside to the hardness concealed by them.
Wrapping my hand around the length, I stroked up and down the velvety skin. My thumb moved over the head, sliding over the slight bit of wetness. 
Pushing husky breaths against my lips, he let me play, but my hand hadn’t been there long before he couldn’t take it. My hand was pulled from his pants when he picked me up and put me back on the counter. It wasn’t long before my dress was up my thighs once again, and his pants had dropped to his ankles.
I panted, whimpering for him to be inside me, as he pushed against my opening while still in his boxers.
He’s so close. God, he’s so close.
“Drake. Drake. Please. Please,” was all I could say, gasping and moaning as his mouth left mine and nipped at my neck.
The sound of ripping foil jolted my insides as I realized what I was about to feel again, that feeling of fullness that connected me with him, and made me completely his. 
He didn’t make me wait long. 
Grabbing my hips, his took himself hard inside me, burying himself as deep as he could and ripping through any and all tightness keeping me from him.
I bit his neck to keep from calling out from the intense burst of pleasure. A deep groan rolled inside his chest, and he rocked hard into me. Wanting him to take me harder, I gripped his shoulders and shifted my hips roughly against him. 
He stretched me, grinding into my core, and making me feel every wonderful inch of him.
The combined noises we made, I was sure, could be heard from behind the door. I wanted to care, but I couldn’t. Drake was mine again. All mine. I was able to feel the emotional connection with him that I was forced to wait on until tonight. No one was here to judge us. No one was here to tell us what we were doing wasn’t acceptable. I took advantage of the fact and refused to feel ashamed by what we were doing.
Completely on the brink, I threw my head back and rocked myself into my orgasm. As soon as mine started, Drake’s hips stiffened, and he came as well. I held my arms around him, holding him as we both rode out the last of the wave.
When we relaxed, he laid his sweating forehead into the crook of my neck, and I gently ran my fingers through his hair, absorbing his blood-warming scent. Neither of us said anything for a moment, our breathing the only sounds in the room.
“Lace?”
“Yeah?”
He sighed, regulating his breaths. “We probably shouldn’t have done that.”
My thoughts were coming back to me, too. Both of us were the epitome of classiness in the moment. “I know.”
“You know what’s worse?”
“What?”
He laughed gently. “I want to do it again.”
Smiling, I leaned down and kissed his lips. Pulling away, I said, “Then let’s get out of here.”


Chapter Thirty-Nine
Drake

	I waited a few more minutes in the hall outside our box before I decided to head in. I didn’t want Lacey and I both to return at the same time. We weren’t downstairs too long, but coming back at the same time would have looked very suspicious. Passing the usher, I strode into the dark box and pushed back the curtain. Lacey sat there next to Cooper, but Ashley was nowhere in sight.
	Taking my chair, I leaned into Lacey’s ear. “Where’s Ashley?”
	Turning my head, I let her whisper into mine.
	“I just asked Cooper. He said she got a phone call. Do you know she actually let it ring a few times before she answered it?”
	Didn’t surprise me. The girl was texting pretty much the entire second act before Lacey and I left. I wanted to tell her to stop a few times because I thought seeing that would bug Lacey. Lacey was so engulfed in the show during the first act, and I knew she’d find Ashley’s actions rude. Rather selfishly, I decided against it. Since Ashley was so distracted, the absence of her attention allowed me to get a taste of Lacey’s sweet neck. I’d never admit my weakness for Lacey openly, though. It was kind of embarrassing how I couldn’t control myself around her. I mean, I took her into the woman’s bathroom and freaking banged her during a show that was well over a hundred dollars a ticket. Not my finest hour of classiness. I wished I could say there could have been a different outcome than that, but there wasn’t. If I were to sit in those seats with her any longer I would have finger fucked her with our dates surrounding us. The only alternative was the bathroom, so I took it.
	“Drake, your phone,” Lacey whispered.
	Seeing the light in my pocket, I stood, but waited until I was in the foyer behind the velvet curtain that separated the box from the entry doors to take out my phone. 
	A text from Ashley was on the screen. Family emergency. I had a car come pick me up. Sorry.
	And that was it. Short direct. Was that why she was texting? A family emergency? If that was the case, I’d take back what I said about her. I hoped everything was okay. The girl completely freaked me out with her fatal-attraction aggressiveness, but I didn’t want anything bad to happen to her or anyone she knew. Regardless of how I felt, her leaving did give me a way out of my situation. Now, Lacey and I just had to get rid of Cooper. That was also my responsibility. Since this was my plan, I would make sure Lacey had to do as little as possible.
	Taking advantage of my time spent in the foyer, I went back into the box and tapped on her Lacey’s shoulder. I signaled her to grab Cooper, then waited for the two outside of the box doors.
	Confusion flashing in their eyes, Lacey and Cooper both joined me. I wasn’t surprised by Lacey’s reaction. I never told her how I was going to get her out of her date. 
	“Hey, I just got a message from Ashley.” I held up my dark-screened phone, shaking it a bit for emphasis. “She had to go due to a family emergency.”
	Most likely believing the text was part of the plan the actress went into the act. Her face grew somber and she nodded once. “I hope everything is okay. Did she say what happened?”
	“Nope. Just said that she had an emergency.”
	“Well, that sucks, man,” Cooper said, genuinely looking sympathetic as he pushed his hands into his pockets. “You going to head home then? I don’t mind if you finish out the show with us. If Lacey’s okay with it, that is.” He looked to her for reference. 
	Saving her from responding, I said, “Actually, Lacey has to go, too. I had a missed message from my mom while I was checking out Ashley’s. Lacey is needed at my place, I guess.”
	I actually felt bad for the guy in the moment. His expression dropped, and the disappointment in his eyes couldn’t be ignored.
	“But she’s off tonight. I’m sure your parents would understand. She doesn’t get a choice?” he asked, his voice rushed and coated with an edge of desperation.
	This guy didn’t give up. I didn’t blame him. I wanted to be around Lacey more and more every time she allowed me even a moment to be in her presence. Her personality was that consuming. 
“She does. Sorry I assumed she’d go.” I turned to Lacey. “Lacey?”
	I didn’t want her to have to do anything, but I didn’t want Cooper thinking my parents had her in some kind of indentured servitude.
	“Um,” she said, putting her hand on Cooper’s shoulder. “I probably should. I don’t want to leave, but I can’t ignore an extra shift I could pick up. I’m sorry.”
	Grabbing her hand, he put it in between his. “I understand. You don’t have to explain. I’ll get your wrap and take you to the Drakes.”
	“I can take her,” I said, stepping forward. “Seems silly for you to since I’m headed home.” 
This may have been pushing it, but I really didn’t want her time shared with anyone but me, and who knew what he’d try once he got her alone. I allowed him to take her to the theater, and that was hard enough. I wouldn’t budge on this. Not this time.
“Drake, that’s very kind of you, but I can handle it—”
“Cooper?” Lacey squeezed his hand, giving him a sunshine expression that rolled fire in me just watching her use it. “That’s okay. Drake is right. He’s headed home anyway, and him driving me just makes sense.”
He looked completely downtrodden as he relaxed his shoulders and nodded.
Poor guy. We were putting him through all kinds of stuff tonight.
“I’ll get your things, then,” was all he said.
I let Cooper get his last few moments with my girl by waiting outside for the two. The valet pulled up my red Jag just as they were walking out of the theater. I went to open the door for Lacey, but Cooper cut me off and did the deed himself.
I had to remember this was technically his date not mine. In a few minutes, the roles would switch. I was a reasonable guy and could handle just a few minutes, but only a few.
I gave them space and watched as Cooper held out his hand to Lacey to help her inside my car. 
With her bright smile, Lacey gave her hand to him.
Staring at her wrist, his smile in response to hers left. He stopped her from entering the car with a small tug of her hand.
What was his deal?
“This is pretty,” he said, bringing her hand closer for him to study. “Were you wearing this before?” His gaze went from the bracelet I gave her to her eyes.
I’d be worried, if I didn’t know Lacey was such a good actress.
Her pleasant expression not leaving her, she said, “No. I couldn’t get it on at home and put it in my purse. I was going to ask you to help me with it, but forgot until I was in the hallway with Drake before the show. I don’t know what made me remember, but he helped me put it on.”
With his thumb, he touched the diamond encrusted music note. “Oh. Well, it is pretty.” He smiled again, but it definitely looked forced.
Wanting to be from under his suspicions—and get his hands off Lacey—I gripped her door. “Mind letting the lady take a seat, Cooper?”
His eyes flicked up from his hard stare of the bracelet. “Oh, of course.” He kissed her hand, then helped her into the car. “I’ll see you around, Lacey.” He stepped back.
I let her wave to him, then closed her door to separate them.
“Hey, um, Drake? Can I speak with you for a second?” Cooper gestured with his hand for me to follow him off to the side.
Great.
“Sir?” The valet raised his hand, getting my attention. “You can’t leave your vehicle here.”
“I’m not. Just one moment.” After waving him off, I gazed at Lacey through the window before heading over to Cooper.
With uneasy chocolate-brown eyes, she stared at me.
Not wanting to worry her, I patted the air with my hands, and then stood under the flashing lights of the marquee with Cooper.
He slipped his hands in his pockets, rocking up on his patented leather shoes. “I guess I just wanted to tell you to be careful.”
“I don’t follow, Cooper.” I said these words without any hesitance and as smoothly as I could, but his words did trigger a violent reaction inside my chest. 
What did he know?
He sighed, cocking his head to the side. “I think you know what I’m referring to.”
Attempting to walk away from him and the situation, I stepped backwards. “Actually, I don’t. And if you don’t mind, I have to take Lacey to my house. My mom needs her.” I turned.
“My uncle, a jeweler, made that bracelet, Drake.”
I froze and my body went ramrod-straight.
“He specializes in diamond encrusted music notes. Just like that one.”
I didn’t face him. “There are lots of people who make diamond encrusted music notes, Cooper.”
“I’m sure there are some, but none that have his signature on the metal tag near the clasp.”
Biting my lip, I pushed a long current of air through my nose. Staying as calm as I could, I turned on my heel. “And what if he did? Is Lacey not allowed to have bracelets made by him?” 
Shaking his head, he dug the tip of his shoe into the sidewalk. “She is, but I highly doubt she purchased it for herself considering she was hesitant to buy any of the jewelry at that boutique in the mall because of the prices, and I don’t think anyone she knows could have afforded something so extravagant, either.” He glanced up. “Except for you that is.”
I stood tall. “What makes you think I got it for her?” 
He couldn’t prove anything.
“I picked her up from her house, Drake. I know what kind of environment she’s from. If her family and friends are from that area as well there’s no way they’d waste a year’s worth of house payments or rent on a bracelet.”
“Cooper, as much as I want to entertain you and your theories, I don’t have time—”
“It would make sense, Drake,” he said, his teeth clenched and his jaw tense.
His strong reaction made me hear him out. I had never known Cooper to be anything but cool, calm, and collected. His foreign agitation definitely deserved attention. 
“She came into my car not wearing it, and when she left you she was. Then there’s the way she stared at you while we had frozen yogurt together, the weird way you were acting at the store when I spoke to her, and don’t pretend like you didn’t kiss her at the country club. I’m not stupid, so don’t treat me like I am.”
I rubbed my hand across my face to relieve the tension. “So what now?”
“I told you. I just want to warn you. Lacey and I, we would have had issues being together. I mean, I’m from the North Shore and she isn’t. We would have naturally been ridiculed. But you and Lacey have a whole other can of worms to deal with. I just want you to be aware of that, and prepare for it. She deserves someone strong who will take care of her when those rough times come. Are you ready to be that man?”
I pointed to my face, the clear marks of what I was willing to do for her present for the entire world to see. Not just him. “I’ve got the scars to prove it.”
He studied my face. “I see.”
“Good. So we’ll have no issues from you then?” I needed to make sure he wasn’t going to go flapping his lips. If he was warning me, it seemed like he wouldn’t.
He raised his hands. “No, issues. Just be aware of what you’re getting yourself into, and make sure she’s happy. She deserves that.”
I watched him as he backed away and headed down the sidewalk. I was left with nothing to do, but watch him. I didn’t like what I felt as I did. I was getting exactly what I wanted tonight after I left the theater, but I had to strip Cooper bare of what he had to get it. I refused to let that fact hinder my plans. I had Lacey, and that was all that mattered.
Collecting myself, I waved off the valet and hopped into my car.
“What was that about?” Lacey asked, biting the spot of her lip ring.
I buckled myself in, then started the car. “Nothing I couldn’t handle. He knows, but he won’t tell anyone.”
“What did he say?” She strapped herself in, as well.
After she was secure, I took us off onto the downtown street.
“He wanted to warn me about what we’d be dealing with by being together.” Watching the road, I gave a short laugh. “I think he was trying to be a friend.”
When she didn’t say anything, I glanced over. I brushed her leg with my finger. “What’s up?”
She shrugged, her eyes on the buildings we passed. “It just sucks that I had to hurt him. He was really nice to me, Drake. I feel terrible.”
I rubbed her leg. “Don’t worry about it. I think he’s okay. He’s big boy.”
“I don’t want to lie to anyone anymore. This whole situation sucks.”
Grabbing her hand, I kissed her caramel skin. “We won’t for much longer.”
Turning her head, she finally showed me her exquisite face. She looked so sad.
The expression made my heart clench. 
“Hey, you can’t be sad. I’m taking us to my special place. It will be just you and me, and I have no curfew tonight, so we can stay and watch the sunrise.”
She sat up a bit, turning my way in her seat. “Really? Where?”
“You’ll just have to wait and see, and I promise I’ll make that frown go away.” Her hand in mine, I raised it and ran my finger along her jaw line.
Giving a half-smile in the corner of her mouth, she watched the road ahead.
I’d make that smile full before the end of the night.


Chapter Forty
Lacey

	Drake’s Jaguar sat on a hilly overlook just outside of the city. Downtown Chicago’s distant lights ahead hit the darkness surrounding it, giving the night an iridescent glow. With the stars above us, Drake and I lay in the backseat of his car with the top down. The doors open and the seats pushed forward, the space was actually kind of roomy. The blankets covering us only added to the comfort, and I’d practically forgot we’d spent nearly the whole last hour all over each other in the back of a car. While engulfed in him, I’d lost count how many times he took me over the edge. Drake knew how to please my body in ways that shouldn’t be considered legal.
	I wasn’t going to be the one to turn him in for his crimes. Not this time.
	Coming up from between my thighs, Drake’s head of jet-black hair peeked out of the blanket, then his handsome face appeared. I didn’t see it long before he kissed my lips.
	I groaned, tasting myself on his delicious lips and even more when he delved his tongue into my mouth. I was right about what his tongue could do, and all the ways he could make it work for him. I was a very lucky girl.
	We switched positions. Lying back on the seat, he lifted me up, pulling my worn-out body against his hot one. Draping his long arms around me, he completely wrapped me up. I fit snuggly into him, like I was made for him, and he was made for me.
	“Don’t cover these.” He folded the blanket down until my chest was completely exposed. 
	Giggling, I watched him rest the blanket just below my belly button. “Drake, they’re starting to get sore.” 
I was beginning to regret getting those damn barbells done. Drake liked them far too much with the way he nipped and sucked at them.
	My body vibrated against his chest when he laughed.
	“Don’t worry. I’m giving them a break.” He wrapped his arms around my waist. “I just enjoy looking at them.”
	I attempted to elbow him, but he held me so tight I couldn’t. Relaxing, I let him leave me exposed. “You’re lucky I’m not self-conscious or anything.”
	“You shouldn’t be.” He parted his lips against my neck, sucking on my skin. “Because, baby, you have nothing to worry about.”
	My mouth went dry and my fingers gripped the blanket covering my legs. He sucked harder, and my hand went restless against my stomach. Brushing the skin, I slowly moved my hand up to my breast.
	He stopped his suck. “Lacey, if you start touching yourself, I can’t guarantee your breasts are safe.”
	Taking two fingers, I rolled a nipple between them. “What if I don’t want them to be safe?” 
	He breathed in deep and cupped my breast with his hand until he pulled my fingers away from myself. “As much as I enjoy watching you touch yourself, I’m going to have to take a small break before I indulge again. I hate to admit it, but I’m kind of tired.”
	My jaw dropped, I gazed up at him. “Are you wimping out on me?” 
I didn’t think the fiery Truman Drake could ever get tired.
	Chuckling, he laced his fingers in mine. “I’m not wimping out. I’ve been doing all the work. The mouth and hands get tired after so much activity, you know? Why don’t you try doing something for once?”
	Trying to get back at him, I reached under the blanket for his length.
	“Whoa, whoa, whoa.” He rose up off the seat and managed to snatch my hand. “That’s the most tired. Let’s just take a small break. I’ll be good to go soon.”
	With a sigh, I lay back against him and got snuggly into his arms. “Then how am I supposed to work for you if you won’t let me work you, Mr. Drake?”
	He played against the skin of my arm with the pads of his fingers. “Sing for me.”
	“Sing for you?”
	“Yeah,” he said, bringing me in close. “Sing like that day I met you. It’s been too long since I’ve heard my angel of song.”
	Who knew it was possible for words to make a person feel so special. With Drake, he always managed to do that to me. Even from day one, he made me feel sexy. Beautiful. Special. 
	“So will you?” He brushed my cheek with his fingers.
	And so I did, but I was sure not what he expected. It was rare I shared this voice with anyone. It was rare I shared this passion with anyone. The voice was mine, but cut raw, the emotion completely exposed with every note. The song was sad, happy, and beautiful all at the same time. The character of the song was trapped, contained by her struggles. Once she allowed herself to open up to the world, she found that she wasn’t as trapped as she thought. She allowed herself to be. She allowed herself to live. In response, the song grew joyous with her cheer. I felt so connected to her. Like her struggles were mine, and mine were hers. That was why her song was my favorite. I felt like she was myself, but I still waited for the last note of my song to come. Maybe one day it would. In the meantime, the song gave me hope. Gave me light.
	Drake brushed his lips against my cheek. “God, Lacey, what are you doing here?”
	His kiss making me warm, I closed my eyes. “Hmm? What do you mean?”
	He propped me up on his lap so he could see my eyes. “I mean what are you doing here? With a voice like that you should be a star.”
	He sounded like Margot. She was one of the few people I’d let hear me sing like that.
“It was different from how you sang on stage the night we met. It sounded like those people singing tonight, and it wasn’t even English.”
	Laughing, I wrapped my arms around his neck and laid my head into the crook. “No, it wasn’t English. It was French. Operatic style.”
	“Do you speak French?”
	I shook my head against his warm, tan skin, playing my fingers at the nape of his neck. “I love the French operas the best. That makes learning them easier. I just kind of took to them.” 
	“I guess I scored a bit with the show tonight, then, eh?”
	I kissed his cheek and left my lips there, giving small kisses. “You did.”
	“You didn’t answer my question.” He pulled his head back. “Why are you here and not in some opera house showing the world your stuff?”
	I shrugged. “Life keeps me here. Mama needs me.”
	“Yeah, but you can’t forget about you, Lacey. You can make a living with your dream and always send money back for someone to care for her.”
	“I wish it were that easy, Drake.”
	“It is that easy. If I had talent like yours I wouldn’t be wasting it. I bet if you auditioned for something you’d get a lead role for sure.”
	“I did audition for something.”
	“Oh.” He looked uneasy. “I’m sorry. Did you not get—”
	“I did get a callback for the part I auditioned for, and it actually was a lead.”
	His eyes widened. “Wow. Once you get it, you’re taking it, right? Where’s the show? Here?”
	“It’s actually a French opera . . . in France. Paris to be exact. This company in the states is opening a new show abroad. They had an open casting call in some of the major cities.”
	“So once you get the part you’re going, right?”
	Laying my head on his chest, I refused to look into his eyes.
	“You’re not.”
	“Life is just so complicated, Drake. I couldn’t leave Mama, especially not now. She’s getting worse.”
	“But will you being here make her better? Tell me that.”
	“No.”
	He ran his hand up and down my arm. “Then I think you owe it to yourself to go, and to your mama. How does she feel about you staying here because of her?”
	I breathed in deep. His scent wafted from his skin and relaxed the tension I’d built inside. “She wants me to go.”
	“Well, there you go then, Lace.” He left a single kiss on my shoulder. “Live for you. Do what you want.” 
	“What do you want to do with your life?” I raised my head.
	He rubbed my shoulders for a moment before he spoke. “I have no idea. I envy you, Lacey. You have dreams. Ambitions. Goals. I couldn’t be more confused about where I’m going.”
	I had no idea he was so unsure of his future. Surely, his life was planned out. He came from a family that had structure; security in that next step. “But you’re going to school.”
	“I am, but I’m undecided. I’m only going to school because I can. It’s paid for, so I enrolled. No other reason really.”
	“That’s okay, Drake. Many students are undecided. I’m sure you’ll pick something that interests you while you go.”
	Shaking his head, he squeezed my arm. “I’m not so sure, Lace.”
	I tilted his chin with my finger. “Why not?”
	He gazed past me and to the outlook of the city. “I’ve just never been sure about anything about my life. I’m always looking for something to put it in perspective, but I can never figure out what I’m actually looking for. What I want to do. Who I want to be.” He gave a crooked smile, bringing his focus to me. “I’m probably not making any sense, am I? I know I’m not to me, so you have to be confused.”
	I laced my fingers in his, seeing the slight contrast of our skin tones. “You don’t understand who you are. There’s nothing confusing about that.”
	He watched me play with his hand.
	I gazed up from them. “Do you know anything about your family, Drake? I mean your other family from your home country.”
	Frowning, he let out a breath. “I wish I did. Maybe that’s part of the problem. I don’t really feel like I’ve found my place. I know nothing about where I’m from. My roots. My culture.”
	I couldn’t imagine not knowing my own culture. Mama always made sure I got to know both sides of my family. Being only half black, I straddled a racial line that could have easily confused me about who I was and where I belonged. Mama helped me avoid that, though, by keeping me in contact with my white grandmother. Before she and my Mama’s mother passed, I gained lots of my sense of self from both sides. I always felt that I knew who I was, despite the fact I was from two worlds. In a way, Drake was too, but his situation was even more complicated. He was Asian, but was raised by a white family. He learned of one world, but was never exposed to the other. He probably couldn’t be more confused about his sense of self. Was it possible for him to connect to that other side of his heritage without feeling awkward or like an outsider? Could he ever really feel completely comfortable amongst his people since he was raised differently? 
	His words brought me out of my thoughts.
	“My heritage was just something my parents never addressed when I was young. I guess it’s not really my mom’s fault. I just never pushed the issue. In a way, I was kind of scared to. I didn’t want her to think I didn’t love her or something, so I left it alone.”
	He was worried about what his family would think if he pursued that side of himself; that he would betray them by trying to fill in the gaps that seeking out his culture could only fill. He really was lost in so many more ways than I ever knew. Feeling for him and the sadness of his situation, I held him close, nudging my head into the crook of his neck.
	Looping his fingers around my wrist, he slid his hand up and down my skin. “Maybe I can work it out while being with you.”
	My lashes flickered up as I met his eyes. “What do you mean?”
	“I mean while you’re making it big in your French opera houses, some of that drive might rub off on me. Who knows, maybe ole’ Paris may inspire me, too. Light a fire under me to figure it all out.”
	My heart bouncing inside my chest I leaned up to see his eyes. He looked completely serious about what he said. “If I go, you’d go with me? Seriously?”
	He gave a half-smile. “I guess you’ll find out when you finally go.”
	

Chapter Forty-One
Drake

	The world around me still dark, I awoke to a face full of curly brown hair and a crick in my neck. My body was at the weirdest angle imaginable against the seat of my Jag, and Lacey’s arm dug into my side. Despite the discomfort, I didn’t want to stir. The Amazon princess I had in my lap looked so freaking cute that it would have been a shame to wake her. She was snuggled up on me like a little bear cub, arms around my chest and head in the crook of my neck.
	Freaking adorable.
	Giving a slight yawn, I swept her hair away from her face to see those features of hers. With the moon still out, it lit up her caramel skin and made it a light honey tone. 
Could anyone be more gorgeous than this girl? 
Bending down, I kissed her cheek, and her curly brown lashes fanned when my breath touched her skin before the contact of my lips.
	She shifted, and I didn’t pull my lips back right away. Not wanting to unsettle her further, I didn’t move. Even though I was conscious of my mistake and tried to prevent her from waking, her eyes still fluttered open.
	The chocolate-brown eyes stared upon me, and she angled her set of perfect lips into mine. 
	Drawing in a deep breath, I took advantage of all senses. The wonderful smell of her skin, the smooth feel of her lips, her soft moans in my ear, and the delicious taste of her tongue I couldn’t get enough of.
	She couldn’t get enough of me either.
	She indulged in me for quite awhile before pulling her lips back. She lay there against my chest, completely breathless.
	“Hey there.” I grinned.
	“Hi.” 
She slid her hand along my chest, making the temperature of my blood skip past the warm stage and straight into boiling. We had a pretty active night already, which is why we both fell asleep, but I was definitely ready for more of that tight, sexy body of hers. Anywhere she’d let me in, I’d take her.
“Mmm,” she said, her voice a light purr as her lashes flickered at me. “I know that look in your eyes, Truman Drake.” She continued to rub the lines of my chest, sweeping her small fingers down and outlining the sections of my abs.
Her touch sent a much-desired chill throughout my entire body, making my cock twitch with need for that tight center it missed.
My eyes lidded as she played. 
“Oh, yeah?” My voice nearly growled as I answered her previous question.
“Yeah.”
“So, uh,” I said, moving closer to her lips and removing the blanket from across my waist for quick access to her, “What are you going to do about it?”
“Depends on how I feel once I find the little girl’s room around here.”
Laughing, I pulled back and watched her sit up.
She threw her arms up in a stretch.
“Well, you don’t have many options. There’s there,” I said, pointing to the tree in the distance to our left, “or there.” I pointed to the tree to our right.
Dropping her arms, she rolled her shoulders back. 
I rubbed them for her, seeing she was clearly as uncomfortable during her sleep as I was.
She relaxed her whole body, sighing and moving into my hands. “I think I’ll take the nearest gas station. What time is it anyway?”
Tilting my head, I studied the time on my wrist while I rubbed a tight spot in her shoulders. “Just after 1:00 a.m.”
“It’s still early. Hey, you might even make it back by curfew.” She nudged me, making me drop my hands from her skin.
“Right.” I laughed, draping my arms around her body. “I told you. We have to stay and watch the sunrise. It’s great up here.” 
“You come here a lot?”
“I did when we first moved. It’s just really relaxing up here. Great place to head when things are tense.”
“I bet.” She pulled her legs in and hugged them, studying the overlook.
At the angle we were at on the hill, the entire city could be seen in the distance; the South Side, the North Shore, and even the West end of town. There were no divisions. No separations. Every part of the city was linked and connected under the sparkling city lights. As I watched, I was happy to think about a future where I no longer needed this spot on the hill as an outlet to deal with my frustrations at home; a future that would see my time spent with Lacey instead.
Dropping her legs to the floor of the car, Lacey bent down and routed through our mess of clothing.
I watched her. “What are you doing?”
I then watched a little too hard as she found her dress and stood. The blanket left her body, and her glorious curves were on full display for my greedy eyes.
I leaned back and studied her angles. “Never mind. Continue.”
She flipped her hair, her curls bouncing over her shoulder, and frowned at me. “I’ll sell tickets next time I guess.”
“I hope by that statement you mean you will sell one ticket.”
Chuckling, she slid her dress up her thighs and covered herself. “You need to get dressed, too, so you can take me to the gas station.”
“Oh, right.” I sat up and got my boxers. “We are coming back, though.”
Taking her hand behind her back, she zipped the strapless dress mid-way up. “I hope so. I’m not done with you yet.” She winked. “Now, help me clasp this built in bra so I can zip this thing up.”
It took all I had in me to help her back into her dress when the first thing I made sure I did when we got here was get her out of it.
After I was done, she routed around and found her panties and heels while I looked for my pants. They were stuck under my seat so I had to tug them a bit to get them out. When I did my phone fell from them.
Pushing the phone back into my pocket, I hit a key and the backlight triggered on.
The number of missed calls on the screen blew mind, so I took the phone out so I could see what was up. What was even weirder about the amount of missed calls was the number the calls were from. I didn’t recognize it. “That’s unusual.”
I called the number and lifted the phone to my ear.
“What?” Lacey asked, pulling her shoe on.
I opened my mouth to tell her when a frantic voice I recognized chimed into my ear.
“Drake? Drake! It’s Margot. Is Lacey with you?” she asked, her voice breathy and rushed.
“Um, yeah, she is. Just a sec.” I quickly handed the phone to Lacey. Margot sounded completely freaked out.
“Who is it?” Lacey asked me, putting the phone to her ear.
I didn’t respond because Lacey’s eyes were shifting as she listened to Margot’s voice on the end.
“Wait. Wait a second.” Lacey patted the air. “Margot, slowdown. What’s wrong?”
I waited patiently, but was very uneasy as I watched Lacey, and my heart pumped to full force when I watched her beautiful face wretch into complete sadness within a millisecond. 
“What?” Her hand went to her mouth, eyes watering, and her body in shakes.
I drew in close to her, grabbing her shoulders. “Lacey, what’s wrong?” 
The phone hanging slack from her ear, she barely took in breaths. “Drake, we have to go to the hospital. It’s Mama.”


Chapter Forty-Two
Lacey

	Margot leaped from her chair as Drake and I breezed through the doors of admitting. Her rainbow braids bounced in a frenzy as she rushed over and grabbed my hands.
	“Lacey, Lacey, thank God you’re here. Where were you? I tried to call you,” she said, her cheeks flushed.
	Her hands shook on my already shaking ones. If it wasn’t for Drake I wouldn’t have been strong enough to make it into the hospital. I practically dry heaved in the parking lot from the panic. Drake held me up from behind now which was the only reason I currently stood. “W-We, we were on a hill. No reception.”
	I swallowed hard, holding my chest.
	Drake came around from behind me, and pulled me into his side. “Lacey, it’s okay. Margot, what happened?”
	“Sue tried to wake Lacey’s mama from her nap for dinner, but she wouldn’t get up. When Sue finally got her to rise, she vomited and wouldn’t stop. Sue called an ambulance, and they got her here. After Sue couldn’t get a hold of Lacey, she called me. When I couldn’t get a hold of Lacey, I called Derrick asking if he had your number. I figured of all people you’d know where she was. Sue had to leave to see to her kids, so I stayed until we could find Lacey.”
	“Where is she, Margot? I need to see her,” I breathed out.
	“She’s down the hall and to the right. They won’t let you in now, though. Visiting hours wrapped up hours ago.”
	“They’ll let me in. I’m her daughter.”
	“You can try, Lacey, but the lady at the desk is a complete bitch.” She grabbed my arm, leading me to the front desk. 
	They didn’t know what a bitch was if they refused to let me see my mama.
	The woman in scrubs with brown cropped hair and bags under her eyes looked up from her desk. “Can I help you?”
	“I need to see patient Naya Douglas. She was admitted last night.”
	“I’m sorry, miss, but visiting hours are over. You can try back again in the morning during our normal hours.”
	“But I’m her daughter, and I didn’t get to see her when she came in.”
	“Miss, I’m sorry, but as I said, visiting hours are over.”
	My heart leaped, my eyes welling like they did in the car. “Please. You have to let me see her.”
	Letting go of my arm, Margot slapped her hand on the counter. “Lady, this is complete bullshit. You let that entire family in there long after hours wrapped up.”
	“What family?” I asked.
	“A bunch of rich looking bitches visiting an old white lady who shares a room with your mama, Lacey. The nurse booted me out promptly when hours let up, but let them stay. When I complained, she said it was because they were family. They just left not too long ago, and not even all of them left. One of the younger ones stayed, and I think they’re actually letting her stay overnight, so this lady . . .” Margot shot a glare at the nurse. “. . . can let you in because this girl,” she said, grabbing my arm, “is family to the patient in that room.” 
	“Look, ladies, there is no need for the language, and this hospital does not have to explain its actions to you. You will come back in the morning during normal visiting hours. I understand your need to see your patient, but there is nothing I can do. My hands are tied—”
	“Miss?” Drake stepped forward, flashing a grin.
	The nurse blinked once at him. “Yes?”
	Drake lounged against the counter. “I understand your need to follow the rules, but my girlfriend really needs to see her mother. Is there nothing you can do?”
	I didn’t know what to react to first. The fact that Drake regarded me as his girlfriend, or that he was using the charm that always had me weak in the knees to get me in to see Mama. It didn’t matter which one had my initial reaction because both made my heart thump fast.
	The nurse’s cheeks went crimson, and she couldn’t keep eye contact with him. Drake still had the few cuts on his face from the fight, and the bruises, but even those couldn’t take away from his handsome features. He was still sexy as hell, and that paired with his swagger, the nurse could barely keep herself together. 
“Sir, I would love to help,” the nurse said, flustering a bit, “but—”
	“I’m sure we can work something out,” Drake said, drawing a circle on the counter with a long finger, then peeking up at her from behind his jet-black lashes.
	“U-um,” was all she said; completely speechless.
	Drake put his hand on the small of my back, pushing me forward. “Go ahead, Lacey. This beautiful nurse and I will work this out.” He winked at her.
	She didn’t protest as Margot dragged me down the hall.
	“Wow. It would be nice to have that as backup. You’d never have to wait in line again,” Margot said, pulling me around the corner.
	I couldn’t comment on what she said as Mama’s room came into view.
	“I’ll wait out here.” Margot stepped back and let me continue on my own.
	My heart drumming against my chest, I walked into the hospital room. In the first bed was an old white woman and next to her was a chair with a blanket and pillow. Margot was right. They were letting someone stay there with her.
	Passing the sleeping woman’s bed, I went around the curtain to the next one.
	If I had anything in my stomach, I would have thrown it up in that moment.
	Mama lay there with her eyes closed, and her skin discolored. She was pale, her body looking completely drained of life. If her chest wasn’t gently moving up and down, I would have thought she’d passed.
	As I walked in shaking steps forward, her eyes opened.
	“Baby girl.” She smiled, her voice weak.
	She was still beautiful. Even as frail as she was.
	“Mama.” My voice came out shaky as I went to her bed.
	“Oh, don’t look like that. You act like I’m dead already.”
	Forcing myself to ignore her words, I crawled up on her bed and cuddled her small body. If the nurse saw what I did she’d probably kick me out. I was beyond caring at the moment. 
	I wrapped my arms around Mama, and soon as I got my nose against the honeydew melon scent of her skin, the tears and whimpering started. She felt so small in my arms. The daughter was supposed to be small, fit into the Mama’s arms. Not the other way around.
	“Baby girl . . .” she whispered, rubbing my leg.
	The tears flowed even more. She would normally hold me. She wasn’t strong enough to even do that now. “You look so weak, Mama.”
	She sighed. “You must not be concerned for me.”
	“How can you say that? Of course I’m concerned. You should be, too.”
	“It’s not that I’m not concerned. It’s that I understand, and I’m okay. 
	Blinking down tears, I looked up at her. “What? Understand? Understand what?” I could barely get the words out.
	“I understand that this is how the world works, baby doll. You live, putting your whole heart and soul into the ones you love. Then when you go it’s okay. It’s okay because you know you did a good job. And you wanna know how I know that I did a good job,” she said, squeezing my leg. “You.”
	My lip quivered. “What are you saying? This is just a rough patch. You just went through a batch of treatments, and with my new job we can keep going. You’re going to get better. You’re going to.”
	My words were more for convincing myself at this point. Mama had never looked this bad before, never this weak. I refused to think it was the end, though. I refused to see it.
	“You’ll be okay,” she whispered, smiling bright. “I took care of you. I did. I promise.”
	“N-No, no.” I shook my head, holding her cheek as the tears ran down mine. My dad said I was so strong. Where was my strength now when I needed it the most? “You’re going to be okay. We’ll be okay together. We always are.”
	“You’re going to live your dream and finally live your life. You’re going to make it out.”
	“Stop talking like this. Stop it.”
	She didn’t say anything, and I lost it; completely breaking down and drenching her neck in tears. She let me cry for what seem like hours, only muttering soft words and occasionally shushing my tears. 
	“I’m not ready . . .” I gasped.
	“That’s okay, because you’ve overcome the hardest part.”
	I lifted my head, staring into the same eyes that I witnessed every day in the mirror.
	With a shaking hand, she wiped away some of my tears. “The world’s ready for you; now all you have to do is catch up, and I know you will.”
	Letting out a whimpered breath, I kissed her cheek.
	“One day you’re going to make it big. Promise me you’ll let yourself. No matter what happens, you’ll let yourself.”
	I sniffed back my tears, swallowing hard. Leaning in toward her, I rested my head against her temple. “I promise . . .” I whispered against her cheek.
	“Lace?”
	I turned around to the sound of the deep voice.
	Drake peeked from behind the curtain. “The doctor wants to speak to you if you have a moment.”
	Nodding, I wiped my eyes, then gave Mama one last kiss. 
	As soon as I left her bed she closed her eyes again, the short conversation too much for her.
	Drake put his arm around me as I went to his side. Passing the bed of the sleeping old woman, we went into the hall.
	The doctor was a short, blonde woman with a long ponytail. I could barely look at her. 
	“Hi, Lacey, I’m Dr. Grant.” 
	Her voice came out gentle, but that didn’t matter at this point. Even gentle words would cause me to break.
	“Why is she talking like it’s over . . .” I dipped my head at the words, and Drake’s arm tightened around my body.
	“It’s spread to the brain, Lacey.”
	Clinching Drake’s shirt, I gasped to hold in the tears that choked me.
“When you’re ready we should discuss your options to prepare—”
	I collapsed and Drake caught me, pulling me against his chest.
	“Can you just give her a little bit of time? No more right this second,” he said above me.
	“Of course,” Dr. Grant said. “When you’re ready, Lacey, please come see me. And after we’re done, I must ask you to come back during normal visiting hours. I am sorry, but it’s hospital regulation.”
	“We understand,” Drake said.
	Her steps faded somewhere in the distance. Wherever they went, I didn’t care. All I cared about was the shirt that bunched under my fingers and the scent that was keeping my heart from completely shattering. They allowed me to live in the moment, and I’d take them selfishly.

Chapter Forty-Three
Drake

As I packed Lacey’s overnight bag for her shift at my house, I shook my head. “Lace, I think you should spend the day with your mama. My mom will understand.”
No matter what I said, Lacey insisted on going into work after we left the hospital. She was clearly using her job as a coping mechanism, and because of her stubbornness, I couldn’t make her budge on the issue. The only thing she bent on was the little bit I got her to eat at the hospital and the few hours of sleep I made her take in the car. She wouldn’t let me take her home to sleep because of Ty. The only reason we were at her house now was to quickly get her a change of clothes.
“I didn’t ask you, Drake.” She came from her closet wearing a skirt and sweater, and holding a pair of shoes.
Sighing, I let her finish loading the bag.
“Life still goes on. So please let it.” She attempted to zip her bag, but the zipper got caught. She fumbled with it a bit before giving up on it and going into the living room.
I sat there on her bed waiting for her to return. When she didn’t, I zipped the bag up for her and took it out to the living room. She sat on the couch, head in her hands and completely silent.
I held my ground, waiting patiently until she spoke first. I didn’t want to do anything to upset her.
Finally, she lifted her head, took in a deep breath, and went out the door of her small house.
All I could do was follow her.
* 

	The car ride to my house was a long and silent one. Lacey wouldn’t speak to me the entire length of the drive. She was like a shell, completely empty and gone from me. When I pulled up into the driveway and parked the car I couldn’t take it anymore. I put my hand on hers. “Lacey, tell me what you need. I’ll do anything. Just tell me what I can do to help.”
	I hated seeing her this way, someone so warm and bright completely defeated. Life did this to her. Not just her mama’s situation. Life. There was only so much even the strongest woman could take, and Lacey had finally met her breaking point. 
	“I just need to go to work, Drake.” She grabbed for the handle of the door.
	Pressing a button on my door, I locked her in. 
	She tugged once, then leaned back. “Let me out, Drake.”
	“At least, let me kiss you first.” This may have been pushing the tension we currently had between us, but I needed to do something. I needed to give her something, anything, to make her even a little bit better. 
	She didn’t look at me. “Your mom might see. Both your parents’ cars are here.”
	“Lacey, I really don’t give a shit.”
	“Drake—”
	Slipping my hand behind her neck, I placed my mouth on hers. I put everything I had into it; everything I could give. She needed me. No matter what she said, she did. Everyone needed someone, and as strong as this girl was she was no exception.
	That fact was proven when she kissed me back.
	Her fingers in my hair, her lips moved like this kiss would be our last. Her tears went into it. Her emotions were engulfed by it.
	Before I knew it, I pulled her over the armrest and into my lap. Pushing back her curls, I kissed away all her tears. This was my last-ditch effort; my final attempt to make this whole situation easier for her by letting her know she had an ally in me; someone who cared enough to be by her side completely. I wouldn’t waste it, and I didn’t.
	When she pulled back, she leaned her head down, and I kissed her forehead.
	“Thank you,” she whispered.
	After giving her one last kiss I helped her out of the car, grabbed her bag, and we both went inside. I wanted to hold her hand, but that definitely wouldn’t have helped Lacey’s situation. This job was her last piece of something stable, and I didn’t want to rock that boat.
	I handed the bag to her as we crossed the threshold of my house, and then we both headed into the living room. Instinctively, I turned to veer off from her into the hall, so my mom wouldn’t know we came in together. I couldn’t make that journey, though. Mom sat on the couch in the living room staring us both down with a look that shot more anxiety into me than even the night that Tyrone threatened me. 
	Chancing on the fact that she didn’t know anything, I acted causal. “Hi, Mom.”
	“Truman,” she said, then her gaze panned over to Lacey standing beside me. “Lacey.”
	“Mrs. Drake.” Lacey nodded, putting on the act as I was with her relaxed manner.
	Mom uncrossed her legs and stood, patting down her cream skirt. “Interesting that you two are coming in together.”
	The air left my mouth in small breaths. “Lacey called saying she needed a ride. I was out already and told her no problem.”
	I couldn’t read my mother’s expression in the moment. She wasn’t really giving anything off to read. She just stood there, face neutral, like she was taking it all in.
	“How were your dates?” she asked, her look unchanged.
	“Fine,” I said.
	Mom nodded once. “Lacey?”
	“Mine went well,” she said.
	“That’s good to hear that you both had a good time, because I don’t believe Ashley could say the same.”
	My jaw went stiff.
	“The word at the country club is that she spent the latter part of her evening caring for her sick grandmother. A grandmother that, though she is ill, is very much alive.”
	So she caught us in a lie. No big deal. I could fast talk and tell her I lied to get Lacey the job.
	“That’s true.” I stepped forward. “She left early from the date saying she had a family emergency, and I’m sorry about lying to you about her grandmother. Lacey needed the job—”
	“What did you two do after you left the theater, Truman?” She cocked her head to the side.
	“I suppose Lacey went home. Cooper taking her, of course. And I drove around. Relaxed.”
	“So you didn’t spend any time together?”
	My mom was clearly fishing for some kind of information, but I had to continue playing the dance. I couldn’t give myself away. “Well, you did see us just come in together. So I guess if you count that—”
	“Stop.”
	My mom’s single word was so loud it rocked around the room, sending a chill down my spine. She never raised her voice. She was always the perfect little woman, the good wife to the end.
	She un-balled her fists and swallowed hard. “Stop lying to me.”
	Lacey put her hand on my bicep. “Drake, she knows.”
	Mom’s jaw clenched when she saw Lacey touch me, and it tightened even more when I slipped my hand in hers.
	“I know she does,” I said.


Chapter Forty-Four
Lacey

	We all stood there in a standoff; Mrs. Drake’s eyes never left the handhold Drake and I had. I wanted to let go of Drake’s hand the minute he put it in mine, not because I was ashamed, but because the situation was being made worse by it. The small gesture of intimacy was like a slap in the face to Mrs. Drake. I didn’t want to piss her off, but I also didn’t want Drake to think that I abandoned him by letting go. Opting to hold my ground for Drake and myself, I kept my hand in his.
	“How long has this been going on?” Mrs. Drake’s eyes finally scanned up to her son’s.
	“I met Lacey the night of the fundraiser,” Drake said, his words unfaltering.
	Mrs. Drake’s nostrils flared. “The night you were arrested in the West Side?”
	“Yes.”
	“You were with her.”
	“Yes.”
	“And you lied to me and pretended like you didn’t know her when I hired her.”
	“She needed the job, Mom. And despite what you think, this,” he said, glancing down to our hands, “is pretty new. I tried to respect the fact that you hired her and stayed away from her, but eventually I couldn’t do it anymore.”
	“We couldn’t do it anymore.”
	He smiled at me when I helped him. This—us—wasn’t his fault. The fact of the matter was it wasn’t anyone’s fault. We just happened. We couldn’t help it.
	“I see.” She let out a breath and crossed her arms. “I’m going to be perfectly blunt with you, Truman. Have you two been fucking in my house?”
	I cringed.
Drake’s eyes widened. “Mom!”
“It’s an easy question. Yes or no?”
“No. We’ve been perfectly respectful and kept anything that happened between us from here.”
I noticed he didn’t mention the incident in the kitchen, but admitting the fact would just make things worse.
“So you’ve been going to her side of town, then? In the ghetto?”
“Mom,” Drake gritted through his teeth. “You’re being rude to her.”
“And what do you think you’re being to me, Truman?” She put her hand to her chest. “After everything I’ve done for you. After everything I do for you as your mother, this is how you treat me? Disrespecting me and my house. I mean God, Truman, your sister lives here. What if she would have caught the two of you—”
“I told you we didn’t do anything here—”
“It makes me nauseous.” Mrs. Drake swallowed hard.
Drake’s eyebrows shot up, and his hand tightened in mind. “What the hell is that supposed to mean?”
I think I knew what she meant, and he did, too. He wasn’t ignorant to the world like I believed he was when we first met. He knew what she meant.
“You will not speak to me in my house that way,” she barked.
“Looks like I already did.”
Her face went red hot, and she pointed a finger at him. “You are making things worse for her with every word that comes out of your mouth.”
Shaking, I drew in close to Drake. I was afraid of what her finding out about us would be mean. Now, I knew she wasn’t bluffing about all those things she had me sign.
“You won’t touch her,” Drake nearly growled.
“I don’t believe you have any say in the matter, Truman.”
“Well, I’ll fight it. We’ll fight it. Whatever you throw at us.”
“With what?”
“I’m my father’s son, Mom. I have a few tricks up my sleeve.”
“Truman Drake, I’m warning you right now. You keep talking, and she won’t just lose everything, you will, too.”
My heart shot up into my throat.
“The car, your college tuition, your personal accounts. All gone.” She swept her hand in front of her to push the point.
“Then take it.” Grabbing my hand, Drake whipped me around.
In panic, I let go and stood in front of him, hands on his chest. “Drake, don’t. You’re ruining your life.”
He narrowed his eyebrows. “Lacey, I don’t consider being with you ruining my life.”
“You know that’s not what I meant. I meant you’re making things worse. Please. Just go apologize—”
“Apologize? Lacey—”
“She’s right, Truman.”
From behind Drake, Mrs. Drake stood in the doorframe to the foyer. “Now, why don’t you quit with the dramatics, and let her go.”
“Like hell I will,” Drake seethed.
“You go upstairs and let yourself wind down. We’ll talk about this like civilized people later once you have.”
“Mom, you had to have lost your mind if you think that I would even consider leaving her just because you told me to. I’m a grown man, and I’m officially choosing to live like one.”
He turned, but I stopped him by crossing in front of his path.
“Lacey, what are you doing? We’re leaving.”
I shook my head. “You’re acting rash. You’re throwing everything away and acting rash.”
“Lacey, I’m not—”
“No.” I put my hand up, silencing him. “Drake, I’ve had to deal with so much today. I can’t handle if something bad happens to even one more person I care about.”
He grabbed my hand, taking it between his large ones. “Lacey . . .”
“Please. Just do what she says. Cool off, and we’ll talk soon.”
In complete silence, he studied our hands. He then turned to his mom. “I’m only doing this for her.”
Standing stark still, his mom didn’t say a word. 
Drake put his hand to my cheek and kissed my forehead. “I’ll call you.” He stepped away, shooting his mother one last heated look before heading up the grand stairs and around a corner.
After he left, I turned to make my own exit.
“You did the right thing, Lacey.”
My hand stiffened on the doorknob. “You didn’t win, Mrs. Drake.”
“I don’t think this was a competition. I think we both care about my son’s well-being, and in the end, you’ll see this was right for you, as well.”
Dropping my hand, I turned around. “Perhaps, you didn’t hear me. Drake and I are not up for debate here. I sent him away, so he could cool down. That’s it. When he’s ready, he’s going to come back to me.”
Sighing, Mrs. Drake approached me, her cream-colored heels clacking against the polished floor. “Lacey, I understand you’ve developed deep feelings for my son, but I also like to think a smart girl like you isn’t naïve.”
I crossed my arms. “What do you mean?”
“Lacey, my son thinks about number one. He’s selfish. Defiant. Always has been and always will be. These fights are not uncommon between us, and every time we have one, he then feels he has to go out and do something worse to get a reaction out of me. To spite me and get me back for the last time. You, my dear, are a product of that. His greatest defiance.”
My jaw clenched. “You’re wrong. Drake cares about me.”
“I’m sure he does.” She put her hand on my shoulder, and it took all I had in me not to rip it from my sweater. “I’m sure he didn’t do this to you on purpose, but he did do it. He will move on to the next, because in the end, he always cares about himself first and everyone else second.”
Shrugging out of her grasp, I headed out the door.
“Goodbye, Lacey,” Mrs. Drake said from behind me.


Chapter Forty-Five
Drake

	Pushing a long current of air through my nose, I gripped the ledge of the windowsill. I couldn’t take the waiting around up here anymore. I was left with nothing but restless thoughts surrounding me, and all thinking about them did was piss me off further. My mother’s actions made me ashamed to even call myself her son. Wanting to get away from the thought of her, I broke down and decided to call Lacey. I knew she told me to give myself some time to cool off at my mom, but that didn’t mean I couldn’t call her in the meantime. I needed to talk to her. I had to make sure she was okay. She’d been through so much today.
	Lying on my bed with my phone to my ear, I ruffled my fingers through my hair. The phone rang a long time. It rang so long I didn’t think she’d pick up.
	“Hi, Drake.”
	Her voice literally brought pleasure to my body, calming me. “Hey, there. Did you get home okay?”
	There was a pause before she spoke. “Yep. Took a cab.” She let out a breath into the receiver, followed by a sniffling sound.
	Closing my eyes, I sighed. “Lacey? Are you crying?”
	There was another pause. “Do you want me to lie to you?”
	I rose up, elbows on my knees. “Let’s talk. It will make it easier to deal with everything that happened today. Let’s start with your mama. Talking will only help.”
	“I don’t know if that’s what’s best for either of us right now, Drake.”
	I frowned. “What do you mean?”
	“I mean . . .” She sniffled again. “I mean I’m dealing with so much. You’re dealing with so much. School starting. Things being rocky with your mom. Perhaps, we both need some time to—”
	My head shot up as I realized where this was going. I’d had this conversation before, but I was never on this end. “Lacey, please don’t tell me this is going where I think it is.”
	“Drake . . .” She whimpered. “It would just be easier to be apart for a little bit, to reflect and deal with our separate situations. I’m not saying forever. Just some time . . .”
	I stood up, my heart beating fast in my chest. “No. We don’t need time. I don’t need time. For the first time in my life, I’m sure about something, and you’re not going to take that away.”
	“Drake, this is all just so new and exciting, and you’re not thinking clearly. I saw what you did at your house, and how quick you were to do it. You’re not acting rationally. You’re becoming clouded by us, acting on emotion, and throwing things away.”
	“Of course I’m emotional, goddammit. I care about you.”
	“I’m sure you do, and I care about you, but—”
	“Is this about my mother’s threats?” I asked, nostrils flaring. “Don’t let what she said scare you. She’s all talk and has been my whole life. She won’t do anything to me or you.”
	“I just don’t want you to chance that based on us. What we have is so new. You need time to think and properly analyze what we really mean to you. I’m sure you’ve had other relationships in the past that have made you feel passionate. Other girls . . . I just . . . I want you to take some time and think about things. You have to be sure that what we have is what you really want before you go rushing into things and potentially doing something you might regret later—”
	“Lacey, I love you.” The words came out before I could stop them. They came out because I didn’t want to stop them.
	“You what?” her voice squeaked.
	I sat down on my bed, chewing on my lip. “I love you, Lacey, and I hate doing this over the phone, but you clearly needed to hear that right now.”
	She was silent for a moment. “Do you really mean that?” she whispered.
	“I do, Lacey, and I’ve never said that to another girl outside of my family. I actually wanted to tell you the other night on the phone, but I didn’t want to scare you.” I laughed. 
	She laughed a bit, too.
	“I’m sure about what I feel for you, Lace. One hundred percent sure. Now, I don’t want you to say anything back right away because I just loaded this all on you, and you need to think about what that statement means. Just know that I do, and I want you to fight for us. I want you to fight like I’m willing to do.”
	I gripped the phone listening to her soft breaths as I awaited her answer.
	“I’m beside you, Truman Drake.”
	With her words, the anxiety finally melted away. “I’m coming to see you.”
	“No, Drake. Ty—”
	“I don’t care about, Tyrone. I couldn’t care less if he’s stalking the place with UZIs, I’m coming in.”
	She giggled. “There’s no talking you out of this, is there?”
	“Nope.”
	“Okay.”
	I got up, grabbing a fresh t-shirt and some jeans to swap out for the suit I was still in. “I’ve got one thing to take care of first, but then I’ll be over. Okay?”
	“All right. I’ll be waiting.”
	I loved hearing her say that. “Bye, Lace.”
	“Bye.”
*

	Outside the door to my father’s study, I put on the act. I stood up straight, held my head high, and exuded confidence. Father only responded to that: confidence.
	I gave a few short raps on the door, and waited.
	“Come in,” he said.
	His voice was direct, but not tense. That was a good sign. I needed him in a good mood for what I was about to request.
	I opened the door enough to get in and stood in front of it when I closed it.
	The old man sat at his oak desk surrounded by bookshelves with the sunlight from the window shining on his space. In a blazer and spectacles, he looked like a more distinguished version of Mr. Rogers—minus the kindness and soul part, of course.
	Glancing up, he completely leaned back when he saw me.
	I wasn’t surprised by his reaction. I couldn’t even remember the last time I came in here.
	“Truman, interesting to see you here,” he said behind a wrinkled brow.
	I stepped forward, hands at my sides. “I’ve come to discuss something with you. If you have a few moments, of course.”
	The slight twitch of his eyebrows went noticed at the request. He removed his glasses, and gestured to a brown leather chair by the window.
	I took the seat as he swiveled around to face me.
	“What can I help you with?” he asked, crossing his legs at the knee.
	I did the same and paired the cross-legged position with sitting up straight. Best to imitate what he saw as being professional. “I don’t know if you heard, but there was an incident that occurred between me and mom earlier today.”
	He nodded once, salt and pepper eyelashes blinking in unison with the nod. “She informed me, and as I understand, you were quite rude to her.”
	I was rude. I stiffened to keep from reacting to his words.
	“You must understand that the way you and that employee acted in this house was quite disrespectful to me and your mother.”
	With a tense jaw, I fought down the initial response I wanted to make to the misinformation my mother had clearly provided him with. I had the truth, and I was about to make him hear it. He’d only listen to my side of the story if I remained calm, though. I had to stay cool. Collected. I sat up even straighter. “I informed Mom that nothing between Lacey and I occurred in this house. I was quite respectful of you both.”
	His eyes flickered twice at this information. “I see. I’m not surprised she left that part out. Your mother can be quite manipulative when she wants people to see things her way.”
	I let out a breath, trying not to be bothered that he was bashing someone who’d been nothing but a standup wife to him. He was the manipulative one, not her. “I believe she just doesn’t understand the situation. She did nothing wrong.” 
As pissed off as I was at my mother, I did feel her ignorance was the only thing she was guilty of. Maybe with time her attitude would change. I hoped it would change.
	My father sat back in his chair; his wrinkled fingers folded together on his lap. “I’m confused as to why you came in here, Truman. Was it to defend your mother or yourself?”
	“As hard as it might be for you to believe, Father, I don’t always think about myself. I didn’t come in here to defend myself.”
	“Why did you come in here, then?”
	My pulse racing, I wanted to leave. I wanted to slam the door in the bastard’s face and forget the reason I ever came in here, but I couldn’t. I couldn’t do that to Lacey. I had to at least try to help her. She wouldn’t suffer for choosing to be with me. I wouldn’t allow it. “I came in here because I’ve grown to care about someone deeply. ‘That employee’ that you stated earlier has a name. Her name is Lacey, and I came in here for her.”
	He put two long fingers to his chin. “I see, and for what reason did you come in here for her?”
	“Look,” I said, resting my palms flat on my knees, “I know you and I haven’t had the best relationship.”
	“That’s not my fault, Truman,” he stated matter-of-factly.
It sure as hell wasn’t my fault. I couldn’t say how I truly felt, so I continued on. “I’m not saying it was, but regardless of what has happened between the two of us, at the end of the day, you’re my father. And when I need your help, I should feel comfortable enough to ask you for it.”
	“You’re correct. You do have that right.”
	“Now, I don’t care what happens to me. The car, college, my trust fund and personal accounts . . . I don’t care what happens to those, but I do care about what happens to Lacey. She’s going through a rough time right now and—”
	“With her mother.”
	My eyes widened as I watched him turn his back to me and pick up a manila folder off his desk. 
	He put his glasses on and opened the folder. “Quite a predicament she has.” He studied it for a moment, then watched my eyes over the top. “Don’t look so surprised, Truman. I make it a note to know who I’m employing in my household.”
	“So seeing all that,” I said, gesturing to the file he held, “you’re aware of the fact that the last thing she needs right now is to be sued. She has nothing. She can’t give us anything. All you’ll be doing is ruining her life. I guess I’ve come to ask that you’ll leave her alone. She’s not working here anymore, and there’s no point in coming after her.”
	He closed the file with a snap and tossed it on his desk. “Coming here to see me took a lot for you to do, didn’t it, Truman?”
	I nodded once. He was right. It did take a lot. “I wouldn’t have asked you unless I really needed your help.”
	He glanced behind me and to the window outside. “I’ve heard what you’ve had to say.” He squinted into the sun, then shifted his focus to me again. “And I completely agree with your arguments.”
	I rose up. He did? “You do?”
	“I do. This girl— Lacey poses no threat to the family, and you’re right, she has nothing. I feel your mother may have overreacted in this situation because of her love for you. She does that a lot.”
	“So, you’ll leave her alone, then?” I knew what he said, but I had to confirm it.
	“She will not have any problems from our end.”
	“T-Thanks.” I blinked in disbelief. “You don’t understand how much this means.”
	“Coming here took a lot for you to do, and I respect that. No need to worry about your mother. I’ll take care of it. So, if there isn’t anything else, I have some business to attend to.”
	“Of course.” I stood quickly and headed to the door. I couldn’t wait to see Lacey and tell her the good news.
	“One other thing, Truman.”
	I glanced over my shoulder.
	He propped his spectacles into his hair. “I don’t feel I would be doing myself justice as a parent, as a father, if I didn’t warn you.”
	Dropping my hand from the doorknob, I fully turned around. “Warn me? About what?”
	“You seem to have developed some deep feelings for this girl.”
	“There is no ‘seemed,’ Father. I love her.” I had no problem admitting the fact. He might as well know the truth.
	“I see.” His eyes shifted as he thought about the statement. “I expect her feelings are the same?”
	“I told her how I felt, but I didn’t want her to answer me right away. I wanted to give her some time to mull it over.” What was he getting at?
	“I’m sure you both have some deep feelings for each other, but I don’t want you to be blinded by them; naïve to them. You come from a very prestigious family, Truman. Because of that status, you have to deal with things that others not as fortunate as yourself will ever have to deal with.”
	“Which are?”
	“We live in a world where some things are more important than relationships, more important than love even. You cannot ignore that. If you do, you can easily be taken advantage of. Mislead.”
	My eyes shifted as I took in what he was getting at. “Lacey’s not like that.”
	“I’m sure you’d like to think she’s not—”
	“She’s not,” I gritted through my teeth, my chest exhaling rapidly.
	He held up his hand. “Like I said, I’m just doing my job as a parent.”
	Calming down, I let out a deep breath. “I get it.”
	“Good. I will not speak to you about the issue again. You’re a grown man and can make your own decisions.”
	“I appreciate that. Can I go now?”
	“You may. But I ask a small favor before you continue on with your activities today. Could pick up your sister from the country club? One of her many lessons is wrapping up soon, and with Lacey’s services being absent, she’ll need a ride home. Your mother asked me, but I’m knee-deep in paperwork as you can see.” He gestured to his full desk.
	“Sure,” I said, not seeing the problem. He did just do me a favor, and when it came to my sister I didn’t mind doing favors.
	“Right away please.” Swiveling in his chair, my father went back to work.


Chapter Forty-Six
Lacey

	Holding out my bottom lip, I snapped on the backing on my lip stud. Just thinking about how Drake would react to it had my heart racing. He seemed very determined for a while to get me to wear it, and I guessed since I no longer worked for his family I could put it in again. 
	Trying to ignore the fact of my unemployment, I stepped back from the mirror. I finally felt like myself again. I didn’t have to hide who I was anymore. Drake liked this; the girl in the mirror. Me. It would be nice to be this girl again. Despite what happened at Drake’s house, it would be a relief to not pretend anymore. I could find a job that would allow me to be who I was and didn’t care who I dated. Perhaps, in a horrible way, Drake’s mom finding out about us was for the best. I still didn’t understand exactly how she put two and two together. She assumed for some reason after Ashley left Drake that he went to me. I guessed the end result didn’t matter, but it still had my mind whirling.
	I left the bathroom and plopped down on the couch, waiting for Drake.
	His words still lingered in my head: I love you, Lacey.
	No one, well, besides members of my family, had ever said that to me before. At first, when he said the words I thought it was on impulse. I was clearly trying to get us to take a break so he could make sure of his feelings for me. Naturally, it would make sense for him to say something rash to get me to not break up with him. But then he said he wanted to tell me before. There was no denying that. There was that awkward pause on the phone. He was going to say it, not under pressure, but because he wanted to. 
	He told me not to say anything back, and the truth was I couldn’t have said anything because of the sheer shock of the situation. But once we hung up, I wanted to return the very statement to him. That I loved him.
	I shook my head, fighting the smile threatening to appear on my face. This was crazy. How did we love each other already when we were so new? Everything between us had always been so natural. We flowed naturally well together. Perhaps our love was the same. Natural.
	The euphoric feeling of what Drake and I had helped so much with the ache threatening to claim me. He was so amazing at the hospital, and knowing he’d be here for me, help guide me through the undeniably rough course ahead, eased so much of my anxiety. The thoughts of being alone and knowing I really wouldn’t be . . . 
He gave me a gift that I didn’t know I so heavily yearned for. Perhaps, I wouldn’t have to be so strong anymore. So brave. I could be vulnerable, allow someone to take care of me. The thought of it all was so foreign to me, but I found myself so overwhelmingly grateful for it. 
Grateful for him.
	My eyes flickered to the door as I heard a knock.
	Letting out a breath, I attempted to wrangle the butterflies in my stomach as I went to open the door.
	I was going to tell him I loved him, too.
	The smile wiped from my face the second the door was open.
	In his brown blazer and wearing a stern expression, Mr. Drake stood at my door. 
“Lacey Douglas,” he said, his serious expression unchanged.
My name was a statement. Not a question. I curled into the wood of the door. “What can I help you with, Mr. Drake?”
“I came hoping we might discuss some matters that have to do with my family.” He gestured the black leather folder with gold endpoints to me that was under his arm. “Could I request a moment of your time?”
He could request all he wanted, but I didn’t want to speak to him. Not to mention, Drake would be furious that Mr. Drake came to see me. He clearly told me to stay away from his father. “I don’t think that would be a good idea, Mr. Drake. You see, Drake will be here any minute, and I don’t think he’d like it if—”
“This won’t take but a few minutes, and I’ve sent my son to pick up Adelaide from one of her lessons at the country club. Factoring in traffic and the length of the drive to and from the club, this will take him some time.”
He had this all planned out.
“Won’t take long, Ms. Douglas. I’d like not to handle this in court.”
I blinked. Was he threatening me? I didn’t want to let him in, but if it would keep me from being sued that could only help Drake and me. We wouldn’t be in the public eye, and none of his peers would have to know what went on between us. I opened the door. “You have five minutes.”
“More than enough.”
I left him standing at the door and sat on the couch. I’d offer him a drink, but he wasn’t staying.
With the grace of the prestigious, Mr. Drake walked over to my old, crappy couch and sat on the other end from me. I had to give it to him. He didn’t analyze my home like he did me that day at his dinner table. 
“I’d say we should do this at the table, but I don’t have a dining set like you guys do,” I said, stiffly.
Taking out a set of gold-framed glasses from his pocket, he put them on. “This will do just fine.”
I watched him open his expensive looking folder. It was lined with papers, but I couldn’t see what was on them. 
“Are you going sue me?” It was best just to get it all out on the table.
He glanced at me from above his frames. “No, Ms. Douglas. My son spoke with me this morning, and we agreed that wasn’t necessary.”
Drake spoke to him for me. I’d smile, but I didn’t want to waste the expression on Mr. Drake.
“I’m going to make this quick and easy, Ms. Douglas.” He took a pen from his pocket. With a hand that had clearly done this before, he pulled out a check from behind his set of papers and wrote on the document with the pointy-tipped pen.
My name was already printed on the check.
The only thing he wrote was his signature at the bottom.
In a flash, the pen was back in his pocket, and the check was handed out to me with his aging hand.
I stared at it, mouth agape.
“Could you at least take it, so I’m not awkwardly holding it out to you, Ms. Douglas?”
In a daze, I did. I had no words for the amount made out to me. Just shy of seven figures, it was hard to imagine that a small piece of paper could be worth so much.
“Though my son and I agreed no suit would be filed, it was not discussed how we would keep you quiet.”
I blinked up. “Quiet, Mr. Drake?”
Nodding, he put his glasses back into his pocket. “We have to make sure you won’t discuss the ongoings of my household. You will not talk about the relationship you had with my son to the press. That check is your binding agreement.”
That’s what this was. Hush money. I handed the check out to him. “I wasn’t going to say anything. You don’t need to pay me to shut me up. I love Drake and would never do that do him.”
As collected as he was, Mr. Drake couldn’t hide the tick in his jaw at my words. I loved his son, and he clearly didn’t like that.
“I’m sure you care about my son, but you’d be surprised by the temptation to want to speak your case. Say the two of you had an argument that caused you both to no longer be together, what would stop you from going to the media to badmouth him?”
“I wouldn’t do that—”
“Or if somehow the media found out about your relations with my son. You’d be the star source for their fact checkers and offered lavish amounts for your words.”
“I told you, I wouldn’t say anything—”
“Or how about your mother.”
I stiffened. “Don’t bring my mama into this.”
He crossed his leg at the knee and rested his hands there. “I’m not trying to disrespect you, Ms. Douglas. I’m trying to make you see the reality of your situation. I know about the status of your mother. If I’m to be understood by what her doctors informed me of this morning, she has stage four lung cancer that has spread to the brain. Am I correct on this?”
I nodded once. That was what the doctor said once I was strong enough to listen. It took all I had in me not to cry during the last few moments I had with Mama before they made Drake and me leave the hospital.
“This will take her life and soon.” 
Drawing in a deep breath, I looked away.
“You have to think about how you will prepare. This money will help with that preparation. Not to mention how it will aid in your own life once you’re back on your feet. You should consider that.”
My eyes shot his way. “I don’t need your help, Mr. Drake, in understanding my situation, and I definitely don’t need your help dealing with it. So take back your money.” I held the check out to him. “And please be on your way.”
Face completely stoic, Mr. Drake stared at the check. After a moment, he held up his hand. “I have imposed on your life.”
“Yes, you have.”
“I understand that, so I will give you some time to think this through.”
“I don’t need time. Take your check.” I shook it at him. The plain paper felt like fire in my hands, burning and scaring me.
Closing his black folder, he stood. “I will give you forty-eight hours. You owe it to yourself to use that time to ponder when you are no longer heated with emotions.”
I flinched, feeling like he just slapped me in the face. 
“The check will expire at—” He checked his expensive looking gold watch. “I’ll give you until midnight at that time. That will give you a few extra hours.”
Without another word, he went to the door.
Sighing, I followed him. “Mr. Drake, I don’t want this money.”
Ignoring me, he left my home and went to his BMW parked in the street.
I was left standing there on my stoop, hush money in my hands.


Chapter Forty-Seven
Drake

	Turning onto Lacey’s street, I did a double take as I saw the Bimmer pull away from the curb outside of Lacey’s house. By the time I pulled up to that same curb, the BMW was already down the street and heading around the corner.
	There was no denying it. That was my father’s car.
	What was he doing here? He was in his study when I left him, and he said he was busy, so why in the hell was he in front of Lacey’s house? Surely, there was a logical explanation, and as I turned off my car and took the keys from the ignition, I knew I would get it. Lacey would tell me as soon as I entered her house.
	Completely calm, I made my way up to her stoop and knocked on the door.
	When she opened, her face lit up and her arms were around my neck. 
“Drake.” She held me close like her life depended on my existence.
I held her closer. “Hey, there.”
She pulled back and kissed me. “I’m so happy to see you.”
I was happy to see her as well, but I was waiting for that explanation. I didn’t want to ruin her kisses with talk about the matter, so I didn’t push it right away. “You don’t know how happy I am to see you,” I spoke against her lips.
She pulled away. That was when I noticed what was below her bottom lip.
I grinned. “I see your lip ring has returned.” I ran the pad of my finger against the jewel.
Her caramel cheeks went three shades of pink. She bit down on the backing of it in nervousness; an action I forgot how much I missed. 
“Yeah. I didn’t see the point in hiding it anymore,” she said, swinging my hand shyly in hers.
If there was one thing that resulted from this complete crap day it was that Lacey could be herself again. I was glad for it.
Moving her attention away from our hands, she looked around me, and her shyness turned to worry. “Maybe you should move your car. Ty—”
I held up my hand. “My girl has a revolver. I’m good.”
The pink in her cheeks turned to rosy red. “She does.”
I stood there awkwardly for a moment, still waiting for that explanation I believed I was due for upon arrival. She didn’t give it, though. She just tugged me inside her house and took me to the couch. That was okay, I supposed. I was fine talking there.
She didn’t join me when I sat, and I watched her go into the connecting kitchen. “Are you hungry?”
She pulled out food from the fridge and pots from the cabinet before I even gave my answer. 
“Uh, no, thanks, Lace. Why don’t you come over here? We can just chill.”
She didn’t immediately put anything away, but she did freeze over her task. “Are you sure? I mean, I can make you something.”
Now, I was questioning her behavior. Her activities seemed rather busy. “I’m sure. Just come here.”
She nodded once, not looking at me, then put everything back into the refrigerator and the cabinets where she got them.
When she joined me on the couch, she sat close. We were only in that position for a moment before she ran her hands up my chest and attempted to kiss me.
I grabbed her hands.
She stopped, eyes shifting as she stared at me. “What? You wanted me to come over.”
“Yeah, but . . .” I rested her hands in my lap with mine. Why wasn’t she talking about what happened before I came here? “I just wanted to see you. Talk.” I pushed my fingers into her curls, studying her eyes.
Her eyes wandered. “About what?”
Sighing, I dropped my hand from her cheek. “How about we talk about today. You know, just anything you want to tell me, or talk about.” Maybe this would push her.
“I’m going to see Mama later.”
I played with her hand. “That’s not what I meant, Lace.”
She watched my hand touch her caramel skin. “It’s not?”
I closed my eyes tight. She had no intention of bringing up the issue. “I want to know something, and I’m kind of wondering why you’re not telling me about it right away. Frankly, it’s worrying me.”
She didn’t say anything.
“Why was he here, Lace?” I glanced up from her hands. “And why aren’t you telling me about it?”
Her hand slowly left mine, and she nervously twisted some threads on the couch between two fingers. “You know he was here?”
“Yeah. I saw him drive away. What’s up? What did he want, and why don’t you feel you can talk to me about it?”
“I guess I just didn’t want to bother you. I knew you’d be mad that he came.”
I rose up. Now, she got my attention. “What happened, Lace? Did he threaten you?”
“No. No. Nothing like that. He just wanted to come over and make sure I wouldn’t talk. Just have an understanding. He didn’t threaten me, though.”
“Make sure you wouldn’t talk? About us?”
“Yeah.”
I pushed a long current of air through my nose. 
“He wanted to make sure I didn’t talk to the press or something about us.”
“Did he make you sign anything?”
She shook her head, her brown curls moving with her.
“And he didn’t threaten you?”
“No. Just talking.”
I eased, letting out a breath. “I’m sorry about that. I talked to my father earlier today, and I thought we had an understanding. I had no idea he’d come over. I’ll talk to him and let him know that wasn’t okay. I just don’t understand why you felt the need to lie to me about him being here.”
Her eyes widened. “I didn’t lie, Drake. I just didn’t think you knowing would help the situation. I knew you’d be mad.”
“Omission counts as lying, Lacey. You can talk to me. You don’t have to hide anything in hopes to protect me.”
“Omission counts as lying?” Her face cringed.
“In most societies. Why?”
“He, um . . .” She restlessly played with her curls, biting on her lip ring.
“He . . .” I said, helping her.
She dropped her hand from her hair. “You father. He offered me money.”
“Wow.” I gazed up at the ceiling, rubbing at the creases of stress in my brow. “And after he was being so cool about not filing a suit against you. I guess I know why. My father always has a Plan B. This must have been it.”
She was silent as I spoke my thoughts out loud. Realizing, I was being rude, I came back out of them and to her. I put her hands in mine. “My father is a bastard, and I apologize for that. He shouldn’t have done that.”
She shrugged. “He was just trying to look out for his family.”
“No. He was trying to look out for himself, and I just happened to be connected to him as family.” I stared up from our hands. “What did he say when you refused the money?”
Her eyes flickered a few times. “He wasn’t happy.”
I smirked, rubbing the top of her hand. “I’m sure he wasn’t. I would have thrown the check in his face for good measure.”
“I tried, but . . .”
I stopped rubbing. “You tried? You mean you didn’t give it back to him?”
Lacey seemed to visibly shrink as she appeared smaller in her seat. “I told him I didn’t want it, Drake. I tried to give it back, but he wouldn’t take it.”
Slowly, I let go of her hands. “So you still have it.”
“I have it, but I don’t want it. He told me to think about it.”
Now, I leaned back. “So you’re thinking about it?”
“What? No,” she said, panic-stricken.
“You must be, or you would have given it back, Lacey.”
“I tried, Drake. I did.”
“You don’t have to try when it comes to my father about money, Lacey. He’s the biggest tightwad on the planet. If you said you didn’t want it, he would have taken it back.” My father may have been a bastard, but one thing he wasn’t was an unreasonable man. If Lacey didn’t accept the offer he wouldn’t have challenged her on the issue for the sheer fact that he was a nickel dick. I wasn’t lying to Derrick the night I said my father would never go along with the threat of my ransom.
“I promise. I don’t want it, Drake,” she said, her face flushed. “Look.”
She got up and pulled a book off her fire place. When she opened the book the check was inside. I looked away from the spectacle. The perfect hiding place when you don’t want someone to find something. More lying.
“Drake, look. I don’t want it.” She held up the check at the top with her fingers like she intended to rip it.
I grabbed her hand before she could. “Lacey, I understand if you’re scared about money. With your mama being in the hospital and you just losing your job that makes sense. But if you needed money, you could have just asked. I would have helped you.” I looked away.
“Drake, no,” she said, her voice shaking.
When tears formed in her eyes, I couldn’t look at them. I wasn’t strong enough. She always affected me, and I couldn’t let myself be affected. Not anymore. She got the job with my parents and was forced back into my life in the first place, because I was made weak by her. Maybe if I would have thought about the repercussions of that action I could have prevented them, and consequently, this.
Putting my hands on my knees, I got up slowly. “I get it. I do.”
I turned around and headed to the door, but she grabbed my arm.
“Drake, I told you. I don’t—”
Her words cut off as I made eye contact with her. I was sure they stopped because she could see the hurt in my eyes. I wanted to leave before she was aware of it, but I was weak and had to look at her again. “I think he’s right. You should think about it, and I want you to call me after you figure it out.”
Her lip quivered, and I had to close my eyes. 
“That’s not what I want. Please,” she whispered.
I glanced down. “You were right earlier. This is new. Everything we have is in its infancy, and you shouldn’t be expected to not consider all your options. This is the real world, Lacey, and I’m not naïve to it, nor am I blinded by it.”
The minute I realized my own father’s words came out of my mouth I had to let her go. I was going to break down, and I couldn’t do that in front of her. Unfortunately, I had more of my father in myself than I was willing to admit. Pride.
“Drake!” she said as I went down her stoop.
I forced her continued calls of my name to stay out of my head and concentrated as hard as I could to leave her. I couldn’t listen to her words, because in that moment only one thing occurred to me.
I needed more time.
That was when the words she said earlier on the phone came crashing into me.
She was right. I was rash. I was willing to give up some of the most important things in my life. My family . . . My future . . . I gave everything up so freely when she was clearly still thinking about her options.
I must look so foolish to her, so naïve in every possible way.
“Drake!” She grabbed at my door handle, but I didn’t unlock the door.
All I did was start the car, shaking my head while I thought.
By the time she called me, I’d have my thoughts collected, and we could figure out what our relationship meant to both of us, and what we were willing to do for it. But until then, I needed time.
I just did.


Chapter Forty-Eight
Lacey
One Month Later

“Have you called him yet?” Margot plopped on the sheet-less mattress of my mama’s bed.
Passing her, I went to Mama’s closet and picked up the last box of her stuff from the floor. “The answer is the same as the last time you asked me. No.”
I put the box on the bed, and routed through the old programs.
I wouldn’t cry as I looked through them. I wouldn’t let myself. She wouldn’t want that. These old paper booklets were happy memories for her; therefore, they would mean only happy memories for me, too.
Gathering them into a stack, I put a large rubber band around the faded papers, then put them back into the box.
All this stuff would stay. I couldn’t get rid of it.
“What I don’t understand is why. He’s waiting for you to call him. He will not call you. You have to call him. That was what he told you to do, right?”
Drake did tell me to call, but the last month had been nothing but hell for me. 
Losing the house. The funeral . . .
Taking a long, controlled breath, I thumbed aimlessly through the boxes contents. My mental state after everything that had happened in the last month wouldn’t have been good for either of us. Not to mention, I didn’t know if a call would even be welcomed from him if I made it. That tortured look in his eyes when he left my house haunted me and that pained expression nearly killed my insides every time I replayed the image in my head.
He felt I’d betrayed him. It didn’t matter that I hadn’t. He thought I had, and a phone call would only force me to deal with what that last look he left me with meant. I didn’t know if I was ready to handle what the end result would be of us after that phone conversation was over. In fact, I knew I wasn’t ready.
Forcing the thoughts to the back of my mind, I made myself focus on the present. “I’m just giving him his space. He moves into his dorm this week. The last thing he needs is to be bothered by me and everything that’s going on in my life.”
Margot riffled through the box as I stood up from the bed. “You’re a liar. You’re not calling because you’re mad that he didn’t believe you about the check.”
My hands stiffened on the empty moving box I’d bent down to grab off the floor.
After taking a moment to calm down, I picked it up and loaded it with Mama’s nail polishes from her armoire. They were the last items to be packed. The hardest. They had to stay, too. 
“I’m not mad. I’m just . . .” I stopped my hand on a bottle of ruby polish, hesitating a moment before I put it into the box. “I’m just hurt, okay? And I feel I have a right to be. He told me he loved me, Margot. When you love someone, you’re supposed to believe what they tell you.” My hands shaking, I dropped them from the box entirely.
Margot sighed, getting up from the bed. “I understand that, Lacey, but loving someone also means you got to know how to forgive when the person you love is being an idiot.”
I closed my eyes as she put her hand on my shoulder.
“And don’t hate me, but I kind of see where the confusion came from on his end.”
I flinched, and she dropped her hand from my shoulder. “How so?”
She held up her hands in surrender. “I’m just saying that even I’m a little confused by what went down. I mean, you said you didn’t want the money, but you still had the check.”
My face boiled in heat. “His father forced it on me! And whose side are you on?”
“Yours, of course. I’m just trying to help you see that what happened could have easily been interpreted wrong. You said his father made you take it, but what was stopping you from saying go to hell and throwing it at him? Or why didn’t you rip it up and throw it away the minute he left? You had a few options, Lacey, but you didn’t choose any of them. I can see how that would look a little off to Drake.”
I glanced away. My head swimming, I put my hand to my brow. 
Oh my God. Why didn’t I do those things? 
“Margot?” I dropped my hands from my head and looked into her eyes. “You don’t think I— I mean, that deep down I really did—”
“Want the money?” She shrugged. “I don’t know, but Lord knows that amount of money would have tempted anyone, even the most honorable person. And you had been through a bunch of bullshit that morning. Things with your mama. Being fired. Maybe, I don’t know, deep down you did.”
Leaning against the dresser, I put my head in my hands. The realization chilled me to the bone. Did I really? Did I? I shook my head, my eyes watering. “Why would I do that? Why would I consider it? I love Drake. I love him so much. I would never choose money over him. I love him, Margot.”
She brought me into her arms, rubbing my back. “I told you. You were caught at a bad time. Weak. I wouldn’t blame yourself.”
Dropping my hands from my face, I wrapped my arms around her. “But I should have been strong enough. I should have been strong enough for us.”
She let me silently hug her for a long while. Pulling away, she put her hands on my cheeks. “There’s still time to call him.”
Glancing away, I left her, letting her hands fall from my cheeks. I went to my box and forced myself to fill it up with the last of the polishes. That was all I could do. I couldn’t call him. Not right now. If I really was guilty, how could he ever forgive me? The ache from the thought made me quicken my pace on the polishes to distract from the weight of the feeling.
“Lacey?” She put her hand on my back, watching me pack the box.
“I will. Eventually. I just— I need some time to think. I need to figure out what to say to him. I just—”
“Okay. I get it. But do call him, okay? When you’re ready?”
I nodded with a small smile as she patted my back and walked behind me.
“What do you want done with this box?”
Over my shoulder, I saw Margot bend down over a box filled with papers near the door. “Just take it out into the living room,” I said, turning back to my box. “Derrick and his friends will get it when they come back from my new place for the next load of stuff.”
I didn’t hear Margot’s steps after my statement.
Turning around, I quickly found out why.
She stood there, stark still, with the box she picked up under her arm. Her mouth agape, she studied a paper in her hand.
She looked about two seconds away from “squeeing!”
The box she had under her arm had my name on it. It didn’t take me long to figure out it was my box of important documents. It took me even less time to discover what she’d retrieved from it.
I dropped my shoulders. She just had to find that one, didn’t she?
“You went . . .” She gazed up in a daze. “You went to the callbacks and got the lead!” 
	Dropping the box from under her arm—obviously not caring if I had breakables in it—she tackled me like a linebacker. We both hit my mama’s sheet-less mattress with Margot “squeeing!” again and again in my ear. 
	“You did it! You went, and you got the part! I knew you could do it, girl!” Her bear hug nearly cut off my circulation.
	I couldn’t help but laugh a bit at her animated reaction. I knew she’d be happy. I just wished I could join myself in her glee. “Yes, I went, but it doesn’t matter.”
Releasing her grasp, she frowned. “Um, you got the part in the show of your dreams. Correct me if I’m wrong, but I think that kind of matters.”
Normally, she’d be right, but I knew the reality. “The only thing the production is paying for is transportation over there. The cast has to come up with their own cost of living; which means room and board in one of the most expensive cities in the world. I quoted some places in the area, and it’s not feasible for me right now. Not with all the final expenses I have to handle before I could even think about going.”
Her face instantly came out of her frown. “But you quoted it, which means you want to go, right?”
I rolled my eyes at the twinkle that had formed in her eye. “Right.”
She patted my arm. “So we will find you this money and take care of all your expenses, so you can go. That way you have no excuse, girl!”
Before I knew it she ran from the bed and out into the hall.
Sighing, I leaned up and shouted, “Margot, it doesn’t matter. Most of the cast is leaving this week. You’d never be able to come up with the money that fast.”
“I guess that means I’ll have to sell a generous amount of weed in a short amount of time!”
 I chuckled, but stopped the moment a crash of tumbling objects sounded from the living room. 
Good Lord she broke something. I told her to be careful with all the moving boxes. With a huff, I got up and went into the living room. And as I suspected, Margot was picking up the box of books that used to be on the mantle with my paper in her mouth.
“You couldn’t manage to not knock something over?” I bent down, picking up the books.
“Mot. My. Mault.” She spoke around the paper.
Shaking my head, I pulled the paper from her mouth. “English please.”
“I said, not my fault—” She pulled in a gasp of air.
My head shot her way. “What? What?”
Pushing over a book, she picked up a rectangular piece of paper. “My God if I hadn’t seen it. I wouldn’t believe it.”
I groaned, staring at the check she held up to the light from the house window. 
That thing was still haunting me.
“How many zeros is that?”
I snatched it from her, pushing myself to my feet. “Doesn’t matter. This thing is going where it needs to. The trash.”
She followed me to the kitchen. “Why do you still have it?”
“After Drake left, I went to see Mama. I must have just forgotten about it,” I said, clicking on the burner of the stove. The trash was too good for this thing.
The flames risen, I raised the check to them.
“Wait. At least, let me take a picture of it. That’s the last time I’ll ever see that kind of money.”
“Sorry. It’s dying right now, and I don’t ever want any evidence of its existence.” I slowly lowered the check to the flame for it to catch, but stopped.
Margot’s eyes flickered up from the document. “What?”
I wanted to answer her, but my stare was locked on the names written across the top of the check.
Philip Truman Drake
Madeline Adelaide Drake
	“They named their kids after themselves,” I muttered.
	“What?”
	I looked at Margot. “The Drakes. They named Drake and Adele after themselves.”
	Margot shrugged. “So?”
	Sighing, I put the check to the flame, watching it burn until I had to toss it in. I made sure to the watch Mr. Drake’s name until it was completely curled, turning into black ash.
	“So Drake hates his first name. It’s Truman after his father,” I said, turning off the burner.
	Her face went sour like she sucked a lemon. “Ugh. I’d hate it, too. It’s kind of dorky.” Laughing, she walked away from my side.
	She’d never understand. Now, I did.
	Putting my hands on the range, I watched the black ash on the stove that had caused so much pain for me. For Drake. I shook my head. Why did Drake have to come over at the exact moment Mr. Drake left? If I would have had more time before he came over I know I would have thrown the thing away. I was just so frazzled after Mr. Drake left that I didn’t even think. I didn’t have any rational thoughts at all. I heard another knock at the door, and the first thing I did was hide the evidence like an idiot. 
	I was so stupid.
	I was weak, and I was stupid.
	I gave a small smirk, which held no amusement behind it, at all. If I didn’t know any better I’d say Mr. Drake planned the whole thing on purpose. Come at me at the worst possible time in my life with a bribe only to have his son find me holding the money—
	I froze at the sudden realization. Fuck.
	“Freeze, dirt bag!” Margot shouted.
	My head shot up from the range.
	Margot stood in the middle of the box-filled living room. Hands in a karate chop formation, she held up a little bald white man standing with a brown leather folder by my open door. His cheeks red, the poor guy looked like he was about to faint.
	“Back up, old man. We don’t have anything for you to steal.” Margot edged forward, looking like she was actually about to use her Karate hands.
	The man stood there with his folder in front of him like it was a suitable form of protection against Karate. “Miss, I want no trouble.” 
	“Sure, you don’t. Lacey, find a bat or a knife or something.” She gestured behind her, the guy’s eyes not leaving her. “We’ll show this creep how it works here in the West Side.”
	As little of a threat as this guy looked, he was standing in my house uninvited. With the intention to scare him, I stepped off to the side like I was going to grant Margot’s request for weapons.
	“Wait. I’m Kevin Martin. Ms. Naya Douglas’ lawyer.”
	I stiffened at hearing my mama’s name.
	“Which means, consequently,” he said, lowering his hands, “I’m now her daughter’s lawyer. Is either of you Lacey Douglas? If not, do you know where I can find her?”
	Dropping her hands, Margot nodded me ahead.
	I joined her side. “I’m Lacey, but Mama didn’t mention having a lawyer.”
	“You weren’t supposed to know until . . .” He didn’t finish, giving a remorseful expression. “I’m sorry about your loss. I know it was sudden.”
	I swallowed hard. “It was. She would have had at least a few months if it wasn’t for the complications.” 
	Mama was in just so much pain, so uncomfortable. We had to try something to ease it. We attempted to have some of the fluid removed from her lungs to help with her breathing. We knew the risks involved with any kind of surgery. We just didn’t think she’d be on the lower end of the statistic. In the end, the results of the surgery made the ultimate decision for her. She didn’t have to slowly die. I no longer had to watch my mama slowly die. I allowed myself to grieve once she left, but I celebrated who she was more than I allowed myself to despair. She would have wanted that, her life to be celebrated for the light she shined on everyone’s world and mine. Through it all, I made myself push on despite the ache. She made me promise to live on, and I didn’t break promises to my mama. Not ever. That was why I went to the audition, and even if it turned out I couldn’t afford to go, I would never regret going. I’d never regret trying.
	He nodded. “I’ve come to settle her assets if you have a moment.”
	My eyes flickered, surprised by his statement. “Um, okay. Well, I’d offer you a chair, but they’ve already been taken to my new place.”
	“We have boxes.” Margot pushed one over to him.
	“A box is fine.” He smiled, taking his seat.
	“I didn’t know Mama had any assets. We even rented the house,” I said, taking my own box as a seat. 
	Since I was still without a job, I didn’t have enough to even think about taking on the payments. Moving to an apartment was my only option really. Despite the loss of the house I grew up in, moving to the other side of the city had its benefits. It was safer if anything.
	Mr. Martin opened his brown folder. “She did have a bit. She started a small savings account when she got sick. A little bit here and there.” He pulled out a paper and handed it to me. “The bank name and the account are listed there as well as the amount inside. It’s been put in your name, and you can access it right away.”
	Margot read the amount over my shoulder with me. It wasn’t much, but it bought me a few months if I couldn’t find a job. “Thanks. This will help,” I said, managing a small smile.
	“Oh, that’s not all. The savings account was to handle your immediate affairs as you waited.”
	I looked at Margot, and she gave the same arched eyebrow I currently had.
	“While I wait? Wait for what exactly, Mr. Martin?” I asked.
	Finding the paper he searched for in his folder, he held it out wearing a strong smile. “Your check, of course. For her life insurance.”
	With a shaking hand, I took the paper from Mr. Martin.
I had to put my hand over my mouth as I stared at the new figure.
	“I took care of you. I did. I promise . . .” Mama said that night at the hospital.
	“Lacey?”
	I glanced at Margot in a daze.
	She put her hand on my shoulder. “You finally get to live your dream, sweetie.”


Chapter Forty-Nine
Drake
Later that week

I bit off a piece of duct tape from the roll and sealed my last moving box. Besides the few things I had in my closest and some of the furniture that was staying here, the box was all that was left in my room. I only lived in this new house for a short while over the summer, but the place had enough horrible memories that wouldn’t see me back anytime soon. I’d rent my own place over the summer breaks, and my parents would be lucky to see me during the holidays.
I picked up the box as my sister walked into the room wearing casual shorts and a boy band tee for moving. 
“Nice of you to join me now that I’m finally done.” I arched an eyebrow at her.
She scowled at me as I passed her and strode into the hallway. “Sorry. Pete and I just got back from our ice cream date.”
Pete. Pete. Pete. I shook my head as I went down the stairs. The guy wasn’t half bad, I guess. I met him a couple of times in passing when he came over for movie dates with my sister. I was definitely relieved I no longer had to endure Adele squeal in her flirty voice to him during her phone conversations.
“There’s nothing else?” Adele shouted from the second floor as I made it to the main entry of the house.
I fumbled my hand from my box to the doorknob. “There’s a few clothes in my closet if you want to get those.” 
Not waiting for her response, I went to my Jag stuffed with boxes. The moving van had already headed to campus with some of the bigger items.
It took a bit of maneuvering, but I managed to get the last box into the passenger side and close the door behind it.
As my sister came out with the hangers of jackets, I groaned, realizing I just closed the door of my car.
“Any room for these?” She studied the massive amount of cargo I had.
I took the clothes from her, balled them up, and stuffed them behind my seat.
My mom would have cringed.
That was the point.
Thinking about my mom, I pulled my keys out of my pocket. I told her I’d be leaving in an hour, so I’d miss her. Lately, I hadn’t been saying much to her besides hi and bye. Keeping up with the tradition seemed fitting for today.
“You’re not waiting for Mom to come home?” Adele walked around the car to my side as I got in.
I put the keys into the ignition. “Didn’t see the point.”
I reached for the door handle, but Adele put her hand on the door.
Before I could complain, she grabbed my arm and tugged at me to get out. She was a weak, little thing so the action did nothing, but I decided to humor her and exit the vehicle. I had a few minutes to spare, I supposed.
I crossed my arms and lounged against the car. “What?”
She ticked off a finger. “You’re not waiting for Mom when you’re about to head out and not come home until the holidays . . .”
If that. Fighting the urge to voice my sarcasm, I allowed her to continue.
“You look completely miserable,” she said, ticking off another, “and on top of all that, you didn’t even give me a hug goodbye.” Balling her little fists, she tapped her foot on the cobblestone walk with a stiff jaw and red cheeks.
Letting out a short laugh, I pushed off my car and opened my arms.
She went into them. “I take it, she hasn’t called yet?”
“If she had, don’t you think I’d let you know?” I glanced down at her.
She sighed and pulled away. “Maybe something happened, and she couldn’t call.”
I’d be lying to say the thought hadn’t crossed my mind. With Lacey’s mama being sick, I’d be stupid not to think about the possibility. I refused to let my mind go in that direction, though. If something happened, I believed, she’d call me. She’d call me because she needed me. She didn’t need me, so she didn’t call. The only reason I could make for not hearing from her was because she’d made her decision about us.
She’d made her choice, and it wasn’t me.
It didn’t matter that I had already made mine, a decision that, despite how much she hurt me, wasn’t a hard decision to make. What I wanted didn’t matter, though. She took the power away from me. She took everything away.
I shook my head out of my thoughts, forcing myself to ignore the ache from them. “The only thing that happened is that she took Father’s money. Something he warned me about, I might add.” Though I managed to despise my father even more for what he did, his actions did serve one purpose. He tested her, and she failed. “She’s probably off in Cabo sipping virgin daiquiris by now.”
“Shut your mouth, Drake. You know she’d never do that.”
“I thought I knew her too, Adele. Unfortunately, I didn’t.”
“She told you Dad made her take the money. He can be intimidating. You’ve seen him during his debates.”
“Adele, when have you known Father to deny money? He makes a profession out of whoring himself at banquets for pity sake. And even if he did force her to take it she could have shredded it. She didn’t, and do you know why? Because she wanted to think about it.”
“So what if she did?” She stepped up to me, hands on her hips. “She’s human, Drake, and her mother’s sick. I’m sure handling her medical expenses can’t be easy for her, and it’s not like she exactly comes from a well-off family. Not to mention mom had just fired her. So what if she thought about taking the money. Hell, if I were in her situation I would, too.”
My jaw ticked. “I would have helped her.”
“Do you honestly think someone like Lacey would even ask? She probably only considered Dad’s offer because it was thrown in her face.”
“Adele, it’s not like any of this matters anyway. It’s been a month. She’s made her decision, and it’s clearly not me.”
“What if she hasn’t? What if she’s just too scared to call you after what happened or something?”
I scrubbed my face with my hands. “This is not how I wanted to part ways with you before heading off.”
She let out a breath and wrapped her arms around me again. “I’m sorry. I just care about you, and I care about her.”
I smiled, hugging her little frame back. “I know.”
“I’ll miss you, you dork. Who will I make bets with at Dad’s events?”
Chuckling, I pulled back, seeing the eyes of my father and the beautiful porcelain-like features of my mom. This girl and I had no blood relation whatsoever, but no one got me more than she did. They said blood was thicker than water, but Adele and I were proof that there was no blood requirement at all for that fact to be true. “We’ll hold pools via the Internet. You can text me the entries.” I ruffled her hair.
“Drake . . .” She wiggled away, fixing her long brown waves. “I’m not ten anymore.”
“Yeah, but you’re still my kid sister.”
Her eyes glassing, she gave me one last hug. 
“Call her,” she whispered in my ear.
I wanted to. I really did. I just didn’t know if I could.
*

	The end of my room key in my mouth and a box under my arm, I pushed my way through the busy dorm hall with my room number in hand. The entire hall reeked of that eau du guy scent already, and it was only move-in day. I was happy for it. The less estrogen in my life the better at this point.
My room was an easy find, and as I heard a guy shout out the word “bugger” I knew I had the right room. My new roomie was from the land down under, and Aussie slang was about to be added to the list of languages I’d gathered in private school.
	I turned the corner, and a guy with shaggy, blond hair wearing a muscle tee was sucking on the tip of his finger. Hammer in his other hand; he stood in front of a poster. The featured lady in the pin-up sported a red bikini while she ate a hamburger and rode a bucking bronco.
	They gave me a jock. Brilliant. At least the guy would keep me on my toes about making it into the gym.
	He glanced up from his smarted finger as I crossed the threshold of the tiny box of a room we had to share.
	He pulled his finger from his mouth with a wide grin. “There’s my American roomie. How the hell are you, mate?”
	I chuckled, putting down my box on the sheet-less bed to shake his hand. “Just great, mate.”
	He gave a throaty laugh that could have challenged mine at my statement. After he composed himself he put his hand to his chest. “I’m Austin.”
	I did the same, humoring him as I put my hand to my chest like Tarzan. “And I’m Drake.”
	“Austin and Drake.” He put his hand in the air like he was presenting our names on a marquee. “Sounds like there might be a hint of douchbaggery on the end there in the year ahead.”
	This guy was seriously ready for college. 
“I hope so,” I said in response to his statement. Whatever could distract me from a certain someone, I was game for.
	“Let me introduce you to our space, mate.” He spread out his arms, gesturing to the room. “Not much, but it works.”
	Austin pretty much had all his stuff set up on the left side of the room. He even had his bedding down and a few frames on his dresser already. Getting closer to the pictures, I looked at one with him sitting on a surfboard. “You surf?”
	He came to my side, arms crossed. “Yep. I’ll miss it, but I’m glad to be checking out the sights here.”
	I rose up. “Not much to do here, man. Cold winters and hot-as-hell summers. Welcome to the Midwest.”
	“Eh, I don’t mind. I’m looking forward to some new experiences.”
	There was a girl in the frame next to the one of him on a surfboard. They looked to be at some kind of bar with a couple of beers in their hands. 
“Your girl?” I asked him, staring at the pretty, dirty blonde.
	Austin gazed warmly at the photo. “Yeah, that’s my Chloe. We decided to take a break, though, for obvious reasons. Neither of us wanted to be tied down so far away from each other. We’ll most likely make it back to each other, though.”
	It was nice that he was okay with being so casual. If I learned anything from my experience with Lacey it was that I couldn’t put my whole heart into something, then step back from it unscathed. Lesson learned I guess.
	He patted my chest. “You got a sheila?”
	Heading over to my bed, I sat next to my box. I shrugged. “Summer romance.”
	“Ah,” he said, lounging against his dresser. “She a hot one?”
	I shook my head in dismay, thinking about that caramel skin that got me hot for her in all the right ways. “Gorgeous.”
	“Well, that’s the beauty of college, mate. There are plenty of fish in the female gene pool. There’s actually a party tonight if you want to check out some action.” He grabbed a lime green flyer from his bed.
	To my surprise the party was the very same one Cooper had invited me to. I guess I wouldn’t be taking Lacey to it, after all. Didn’t mean I couldn’t still go and enjoy myself.
	I handed the flyer back to Austin. “Sure.” 
	“Great. You got some more stuff you need help with, or is that it?” He laughed, gesturing toward the single box I brought in.
	I looked around myself and chuckled. I guess my things hadn’t arrived yet.
	I rose up. “Nah. I can take care of the stuff in my car. I need the exercise. I’ve been kind of lazy this summer.”
	“Ah,” he said, flexing a gargantuan muscle through his baby-sized tee. “I can help you out there, mate. We’ll put to good use that gym membership they charge us for with our tuition.”
	I pounded his fist. “Sounds good.”
	He went back to putting up his posters, and I headed out to the parking lot to get more boxes. As I was coming back, I stopped at the mailboxes. I got my mail changed over a couple of weeks ago. I hadn’t been receiving mail at home and knew I’d have a stack once I got here.
	Placing my boxes down, I went to put my key into the locked mailbox. That was when I saw her.
	In her Northwestern tee and jeans and wearing a high ponytail, Ashley Jameson walked toward me, waving her hand with a polite expression.
	I had to do a double take. This was the first time I’d seen her completely covered up. Neither thigh was flashed my way, nor either breast exposed. She actually looked normal. Like she wasn’t trying to impress a guy by looking easy. The look suited her.
	“Hey, Drake.” She approached with a small smile.
	She even put the Marilyn Monroe act away with a normal sounding voice. What happened to this girl? “Hey, Ashley. You all moved in?”
	“Yeah. Just headed to the campus coffee shop to get a drink. You?”
	I pointed to the boxes at my feet. “Just getting started.”
	She laughed. “You’re in for a long day, I guess. I started early this morning to avoid the chaos.” She gestured around the area to the mass of students with their moms and dads and their minivans.
	“Very smart,” I said, eyeing her up and down. I couldn’t get over how normal she both looked and acted. 
	Dipping her chin, she studied her front. “What? Did I spill something on myself?”
	I blinked, realizing I was caught. “Sorry. You just look different.”
	She squinted at me with a small smile. “In a bad way?”
	“No,” I said, shaking my head. “Just different.”
	“It’s funny how I get more of your attention now that I’m not dressed like a whore.”
	She said it, not me. “I guess the new look just allows me to see more. Finally, see you.”
	Her cheeks went a little red at that, and I hoped she didn’t take the statement in the wrong way. I still wasn’t into her, and even if I was, I still wasn’t over Lacey. Probably wouldn’t be for a while.
	“I guess I realized I just had to grow up. We’re in college now.”
	I knew what she meant. I had also done a lot of growing this summer, even if the end result had been heartache.
	“Um, how are things with you? With Lacey?”
	My eyebrows shot up. I knew for a fact my mom would never mention what happened this summer at the country club. So how would Ashley know Lacey and I were together? Cooper said he wouldn’t say anything. “I’m good. I suppose Lacey is as well. She no longer works for my family, so I can’t confirm that.”
	Her expression went uneasy at my words. “So, you’re not seeing each other?”
	“I’m sorry, Ashley, but I don’t recall ever mentioning that I was. Why do you think we were together?” I may not be with Lacey anymore, but I didn’t need her name floating around the country club.
	She put her hands behind her back, making herself look very small. “I’m sorry, Drake. It’s my fault you guys aren’t together. I was stupid. I was stupid, selfish, and conceited. Those are some things I hope to correct this year.”
	Now, I was really confused. “I don’t understand what you mean.”
	“I saw the two of you at the hospital that night. Lacey’s mom shared a room with my grandmother.”
	I blinked at her admission. “You saw us at the hospital?”
	“Yeah. That’s why I had to leave the theater suddenly. Grandmother had a stroke. I saw the two of you, and I went crazy mad with jealousy, so I told your mother that I saw you two.”
	Dear Mom left out that part. I never could figure out how she made the connection between Lacey and me when all she knew was that Ashley left the date early to tend to her grandmother. Who was to say Lacey and I didn’t leave the date separately? But for some reason Mom knew the truth. I guess I knew how. “No problem, Ashley. And Lacey and I . . .” I looked away, shaking my head. “I don’t know if we would have lasted anyway.”
	“I’m sorry to hear that. She seemed so nice. I saw a lot of her at the hospital. Though, I made sure she didn’t see me. It’s sad about her mother.”
	I swallowed hard. “Her mama?”
	She narrowed her eyebrows. “Yeah. She died. Complications of her palliative treatments to ease her pain. You didn’t know?”
	I felt like a semi-truck crashed into me in that moment. Her mama died. She died, and I wasn’t there to hold Lacey after it happened. I wasn’t there to tell her everything would be okay. What kind of a person leaves someone when they were going through something like that? I knew exactly who: a selfish person, and that was me. Selfish to the end. I couldn’t believe I’d convinced myself that she’d call me if something went wrong. Of course she wouldn’t. That was who Lacey was. She was strong and dealt with life regardless of how she felt inside. I’d left her. I’d left her over a technicality when she needed me the most. 
	“Drake, are you okay?” Ashley put her hand on my arm.
	It took me a few seconds before I could answer her. “Uh, yeah, and no I didn’t know. Thanks for telling me.”
	She nodded once. “Hey, would you like to go get coffee with me? We could talk. Have a real conversation.”
	My lips tipped up to the side. “That actually sounds nice. I’ll have to do a rain check with the move, though. Next time?” 
	She smiled. “Sure. See you around.” She patted me on the arm, then walked into the abyss of students on the quad.
	As I watched her walk away, I couldn’t help but smile. She had come a long way, and I genuinely hoped her year went well for her.
	The line gathering behind me at the mailboxes forced me to continue on with my activities. I got my mail and picked up my boxes. 
	When I made it back to the room, the dorm was absent one Aussie mate. A note on his bed cancelled the search party.
	Wanted to take a break and check out the pubs! Be back soon, mate.
	I actually snorted. This guy was going to be fun. Anyway, the absence allowed me some privacy. I was going to call someone I should have called a while ago.
	Lying down on the sheet-less bed with my mail next to me, I pressed the familiar number into my phone, then held the receiver to my ear. My heart beat a mile a minute at the words.
	The number you have reached has been disconnected.
	Disconnected? Disconnected! What happened? Why did she have her phone shut off?
	The bile rose in my throat. What if she didn’t purposely shut it off? Her mama just passed. She’d be hard up on money after all the funeral expenses. And if she didn’t have the money to keep her phone on that meant one thing . . .
	She didn’t take Father’s money.
	In a frenzy, I rose up and all the mail surrounding me hit the floor. I had to try her house first. She might still be there. I only stopped because my gaze caught a name on a letter lying on the floor.
	Lacey Douglas.
	I snatched the envelope up and went to rip it open, but the recipient’s name stalled my fingers.
	P. Truman Drake.
	She was writing to my father, but why? I wasn’t surprised to see a letter for him in my mail and wouldn’t put it past the post office to accidentally send more. My father and I practically had the same name, after all. But why would she write to him and not me?
	Not caring I was committing a federal crime, I ripped open the letter. When I pulled out the lined paper black ashes fell from it and onto the floor.
	Weird.
	Brushing off the soot, I was able to make the curvy words out.


	Dear Mr. Drake,


	Let me start by saying that I hope this letter does not see you well. I hate saying that because I wouldn’t normally wish ill will upon anyone, but people who have no soul and absolutely no heart should never live a full and healthy life. Not when people as beautiful as my mama are forced to live lives that are struggling in pain.

No, I don’t wish you well. The only wish I have for you is a bit of humility in your life, so that one day you can open your eyes and witness the amazing things you currently have. I’m sure you think I’m referring to your wealth. In a way, I am. Your children are your greatest treasure, but your racism and bigotry have blinded you, and allowed you to only see one of them. Your other child, Drake, is a great and beautiful man, who, despite the absence of love you’ve given him, turned out pretty all right. You’d see that if you opened your eyes to it. It’s a shame because you’ve already lost nineteen years, and I’m sure your ignorance will cause you to miss more.

I’m sure you believe I sent this letter maliciously, but in all actuality it was sent to return your check. I know the document was worthless after forty-eight hours, but the charred remains reflect better how I feel about you and your vindictiveness. It took me a good while to figure it out, but I did. How is it you said you sent Drake away to the country club to pick up Adele, but he still managed to catch you at my home? The country club is a fair distance away, Mr. Drake. Not only would Drake have had to go get Adele, but he also would have had to drop her off and then come to my house. These tasks would take a bit for time for anyone to complete, especially in the traffic of this city. And yet, he still managed to see you at my house. I ask you, did you plan this? Did you calculate the time it would have taken him to make his trip, and then come right before the exact moment Drake would have arrived at my house? I’m not one for conspiracy theories, Mr. Drake, but this sounds like one if I’d ever heard one.

I’ll admit it. You got to me. You came to me at the worst possible time when I was weak, vulnerable, and scared with an amount of money that made me hesitate. And in that moment of hesitation, Drake found me. He found me with something that would make him question his relationship with me. Something that would make him want to end a relationship with me.

Do you really hate the idea of Drake and me so much that you’d be willing to completely shatter his heart? I know of the status of the muscle, because he said he loved me. Well, I love him, too. So if his statement is true, I know his heart is shattered, because that is the current condition of mine.

I have no more words for you, so I will end this letter here. Let me rephrase what I just wrote: I do have more words, but I don’t want to waste anymore on you. My mama’s death showed me that life is too short. I’m only living for the things that matter. And you, Mr. Drake, don’t matter, so you get no more words from me.


Regards,
Rot in hell,


Lacey Douglas

Oh, and P.S. – You didn’t win, asshole. Once I get settled here, I will contact Drake, and when I do, I will fight for him. I love him. I LOVE him. Read it, and I hope you weep. 

	
	I gazed up from the letter with my jaw slacked.
	The girl actually managed to give me a hard on just from reading her words. I had to have her. I had to find her. She said she was “here.” Where was here? Here where?
	I snatched up the return envelope, but there was no address under her name.
	Forgetting about it, I took her letter and grabbed Austin’s posted note from his bed. On it, I wrote a note of my own.
	Sorry, mate, but you’re going to have to find a new roomie. - Drake


Chapter Fifty
Lacey

	I closed the door of my locker and left the dressing room with my satchel slung on my arm. My throat felt raw from rehearsal as I clicked in my black heels and matching stockings through the wide halls of the opera house, but I couldn’t resist the temptation to sneak in one last song as I passed the shining mahogany doors of the theater. 
	Biting on the metal of my lip ring, I pushed my way inside to the empty performance hall. Practice had ended long ago, and since I always took forever to change back into my street clothes no one was around. I’d be lying if I said I didn’t procrastinate just so I could have the stage all to myself for a few minutes.
	The room was filled with maroon velvet. The carpet of the aisles, the cushion seats, and the boxed seating above were all drenched in the same elegance. The tone matched the gold elements of the intricately designed columns and posts throughout, and the chandelier cast an ethereal glow over the whole theater. Our theater here was small, just like the one back home, but the difference was the sounds that were made inside. This was a place of the opera; a place where I felt at home.
	Making my way down the aisle, I quickly found my way to the stage. I got square in the center, the hot lights from above heating my cheeks. The empty pit below of the orchestra and the vacant seats ahead met my eyes. I couldn’t wait for opening night.
	Tossing my satchel to my side, I spread out my arms in front of me and sang the notes of my opening number. During practice there were always so many people around that they absorbed the sound. When the theater was empty like this my voice reverberated, echoing throughout the room. I got chills every time.
	Closing my lips, I dropped my hands slowly to the side. I jumped upon hearing applause from my right.
	A guy came from stage right wearing a black turtleneck and bright smile.
	“Très bien. Très bien,” he said during his applause as he strode my way. 
My cheeks warmed. I didn’t know much French, but he seemed pleased enough with what I did.
	He stopped at my side. “Very good, Lacey.”
	I rubbed the back of my neck in awkwardness. I still had a hard time with compliments, and being the lead of the show, they came a lot from my fellow cast members. “Um, thanks.” My eyes flickered up as I sought the right word to respond to him. “I mean, merci. Sorry. I tend to speak better French when I’m singing.”
	He grinned in response to my flustering. “The stage is where it matters most. The rest will catch up.” 
His rich accent was way better than mine. It made sense since I knew him to be a local. He worked backstage, so I saw him around all the time. I had met him before, but it was only in passing, so I couldn’t recall his name. I felt bad since he knew mine.
“You light up this stage whenever you are here.” He reached for my hand and gave it a single kiss.
My face blazed like the night I was forced to perform in Chicago. I needed to learn how to handle recognition better. Being noticed would only increase once the show opened, so I had to suck it up. “You’re very sweet. Thank you again.”
He stared at me with his crystal-blue eyes for a moment while he held my hand. “You do not know my name, do you?”
Feeling a bit sheepish, I let go of his hand. “Sorry. I’m horrible with names.”
He laughed. “It’s okay. The star of the show gets a pass. I’m Léon.” He put his hand to his chest, slightly bowing his head of blonde curls.
“Léon.” I pointed my finger to emphasize the word. “I will not forget again. I promise.”
Léon couldn’t stop smiling as he stared at me. “I hope not. It would break my heart if you did.”
Feeling awkward at his continued compliments, I picked up my bag from the floor to distract myself. “It was good re-meeting you, Léon. I’m actually just finishing up here.”
His delightful expression finally left him. “I’m sorry to hear this. I would love to take you out for a coffee. There’s a nice place around the corner. If you have time, of course.”
I was afraid of that. There was nothing wrong with this guy. He was actually very attractive, and I was sure any girl would agree. I didn’t consider myself single, though. My heart belonged to someone. “I’m sorry, Léon. I have an early practice tomorrow, and I need to get rested up for it.”
“Of course. The show opens soon. I understand. Can I ask for a rain check?”
“Sure,” I said, only because I didn’t want to be rude. I’d have to figure out how to avoid him.
“Great.” He smiled bright. “Au revoir, Lacey.”
“Au revoir, Léon.” I nodded once and then headed off the stage.
After leaving the main performance hall, I pushed out of the house doors. The heat of my face finally eased as I made my way down the busy afternoon streets of Paris. The cool breeze of the day wisped around my body and sent a slight chill through me, so I pulled on the ends of the brown sleeves of my turtleneck to cover my fingers. I let the historic landscapes and zooming streetcars distract me for only a moment before I decided to call Margot. I knew she hated it, but I was getting that anxious feeling again. This new environment was still overwhelming for me, and I needed my ally.
I fished my phone out of my bag and made the call.
It rang only a few times.
“Girl, you are killing me with these international charges.”
I knew she wouldn’t like it. I let out a breath. “I’m sorry. I just wanted to talk.”
“About what this time? I thought rehearsals were going well.”
I sighed. A rogue delivery biker brushed past me, and I curled into my call. Shaking off the surprise, I said, “Another guy hit on me today.”
She laughed into the receiver. “So?”
“So they’re getting more frequent, and I have to keep making up lame excuses. You know I hate lying to people, Margot.”
“You are the only girl I know who is upset about being hit on by French men. Why don’t you take one of them up on their offer? You might just have a good time.”
My heart leaped. “You know I can’t do that.”
“Well, you haven’t called a certain someone. Isn’t that basically making a declaration that you’re single?”
“No, it’s not. And I only haven’t called him because I need a game plan. How is he going to react when I tell him, ‘Hi, Drake. Haven’t talked to you in a while, but I love you. Oh, and by the way, I’m in France, so don’t date anyone while I’m here.’ I have to come at this with finesse. Give him a convincing argument.”
“Your convincing argument is right there. You love him. So just call him and tell him. Hey, hold on a sec.”
I rolled my eyes. “Let me guess, you have a customer at the door.”
She was silent.
“Margot?” My eyes shifted as I listened for her voice.
“Okay. I’m back.”
I laughed. “All right.”
“Sorry just had a thing I had to handle.” Her voice hitched up an octave into the phone like she was fighting from saying one of her squee!’s.
“What’s your deal? You sound happy all the sudden.”
“Nothing. Hey, um, where are you anyway?”
My lashes flickered at the question. “Why?”
“I want to MapQuest you. Make it seem like I’m there. Just tell me.”
Snickering, I looked ahead. Down the street from my flat, I was approaching a small pastry stand where I usually got my breakfast from. I gazed at the street signs. “I’m just outside a small pâtisserie stand on the corner of Monggg . . .” I tried to sound it out, but couldn’t. I let out a huff. “Why does it matter, anyway?”
“Wait. You said a pattisarrrie?”
I laughed. Her French was worse than mine. I only knew the word because the employee working at the stand I go to stated it over and over for me until I got it down. He was a really sweet old man.
“Is that the place you said had those kickass croissants outside of your apartment?”
“Yeah.” My tummy grumbled at the thought. The stand was coming into the distance, so I increased my steps.
Making eye contact with the small gentlemen behind the stand, I gave him a small smile.
“Your usual, Lacey?” he asked, reaching for a croissant with tissue paper.
Not wanting to be rude with my call, I said, “Just a second, monsieur.”
I turned away and let others in the line go ahead of me.
“Margot?” My eyes shifted as I waited for her to say something. “Margot?” Pulling my phone from my ear, I saw the dropped call.
I groaned. I needed to speak with my carrier. I was dropping way too many calls these days since I got this new line over here. 
Figuring I’d call her back, I put my phone into my satchel and approached the stand again. “Oui, monsieur. The usual croissant will be fine.”
“Make that two croissants, s’il vous plaît.”
The voice came from a flawless face I knew all too well as she arrived at my right.
I stood there in disbelief as Adele grinned at me. 
“Adele, what the heck?” 
Smiling bright, she put her arms around me.
“Hey. Hey, what are you doing here?” I held her out at arm’s length to look at her. With her navy skirt and white blouse, she looked the quintessential French girl.
“Came to see you, of course. Wow. You look great.” She studied my outfit and curly bun.
I framed my hair, giving a wide grin. “Not too lame?”
“No. No. Not at all. Absolutely fabulous.”
She paid the man his euros for our pastries, then took the bread from him.
Wanting to get out of the way of the waiting customers, I pulled Adele to the side. “You’re here to see me? Did your parents take you?”
“Nope.” She handed me both croissants.
I frowned at them. “Aren’t you going to take yours?”
“They go better with coffee.” She glanced across the busy street.
When I looked that way my heart thumped a mile a minute. Drake was there, shaking two paper cups with a strong smile that had to have broken many hearts. I was pleased to say he never did break mine. Not ever. My heart had only ever remained whole because of him.
The small of my back was pushed from behind by Adele.
On autopilot, I crossed the street with croissants in hand. It was a good thing traffic was clear. My eyes wouldn’t veer away from Drake’s handsome face and mahogany eyes long enough to avoid a collision.
When I got to him, he didn’t say a word, just gestured with the coffees for me to follow him. I did, and was taken to a blanket laid out on a patch of grass in the park square across the street from my flat.
When he sat, I joined him. Neither of us looked away from the other’s gaze during our movements. It was like we were lost in the other.
I was forced to come out of it when he held out a paper cup to me; he wore the warmest expression I’d ever seen anyone give to someone else.
“Café au lait, Lacey?” he asked, his lips tipped up to the side.
The goose pimples covered my arms from his deep, velvet voice mixed with his perfect accent. I exchanged the coffee with milk for the other croissant and actually managed to keep a hold of my items despite his effect on me.
He took the pastry, but didn’t eat it right away. He did take a sip of his coffee, though, watching me from over the plastic lid as he drank.
Like I was his marionette, I followed his direction, peeking at him from over my coffee cup as I sipped, as well. Swallowing the warm, rich liquid like a giant rock, I gulped hard.
“Finished?” he asked with a small grin.
I nodded, and he took both my coffee and pastry. After placing them to the side, he leaned down on his arm, lounging on the blanket with one knee up.
Flattening out my skirt, I leaned down, as well. We now blended in with the rest of the couples spending their afternoon on blankets in the park.
I couldn’t concentrate on what was happening around us, though. I was transfixed on Drake. His attention didn’t leave me either. We both just kind of stared at each other. Like it wasn’t real that the other was here.
Dampening the inside of my mouth with my tongue, I prepared to speak to him. I wanted to talk to him so badly, and I wasn’t going to let the shock of his presence defeat me. “You’re here.”
His dashing smile strengthened. “I am.”
“How did you find me?”
“Derrick. And most recently . . .” Reaching into his jeans, he pulled out his phone and set it on our blanket. “Margot.”
I gave a short laugh. I guess that explained her earlier questioning . . . and the dropped call. The girl set me up. That wonderful girl.
Shaking my head, I stared ahead of us. “And I see you brought your sister.”
Chuckling, Drake looked over to Adele who had made her way to a park bench. She pretended not to watch us, but her gaze kept creeping over in our direction. 
He looked back at me. “She wouldn’t let me come unless she could. I kind of had to borrow money from her to get here. I didn’t have much of a choice but to abide by her demands.”
My eyebrows shot up. “You had to borrow money? Why?” 
Drake came from more than enough to handle something as meager as a trip to Paris. I knew proof of that by the large check his father gave me.
He ran his finger against the material of the blanket. “That’s what you have to do when you don’t have any.”
My heart jumped. “What? What happened? Did your parents end up cutting you off? What did you do?” I thought with me gone he’d have no problems from their end. Did his mom follow through with her threat?
He stopped his finger on the blanket when something from my wrist took his attention, the sunlight gleaming down on the charm bracelet I wore that day. Lifting his hand, he ran his finger over the sparkling charms. I had two new ones added since he gave it to me. A silver, miniature Eiffel Tower was one of those charms, and the other was a cursive letter “D.”
His finger stopped on the “D.” Brushing over the letter with his thumb, he had a small smile on his face. 
My expression matched his as I watched him study it. He shouldn’t be surprised it was there.
Moving along the charm, he went to the closest one next to it—the “L.” He was only there a few moments before he moved his hand from the bracelet entirely. 
His fingers ultimately stopped on the top of my hand. Once there, he drew a small circle on my skin and even my scalp felt the tingle from the contact.
“I fell for a girl,” he said, answering my former question.
I swallowed hard, staring at where his fingers touched me. “You did?”
He nodded. “One my parents didn’t approve of.” He glanced up at me from under dark eyelashes.
“And,” I breathed out, “they cut you off because of it.”
“Nope.” He laced his long fingers with mine, watching them mingle together for a long moment before he spoke again. “I walked away.”
I rose up in surprise, completely shocked by what he said. But even with the abrupt action he didn’t let go of my hand. He never parted from me.
“You did?” I gasped out.
He gave a small smile. Rising up as well, he held my hand between both of his large ones. “I did.”
“Are you in school?”
He shook his head. “Withdrew.”
“Why? What will you do? Where will you live?”
“I was, uh, thinking a small flat in that building over there.” He pointed in the distance across the street.
The classic, tan brick building had green shutters on the tall windows.
My building.
“Seems fitting since I just signed the papers and gave them the deposit and next six months rent this afternoon. It’s the reason why I have no money.” He grinned, the corner of his bottom lip between his teeth.
“But . . .” I blinked. “You mean you’re going to . . . You’re moving here? To Paris?”
“That was kind of the point of renting out the flat.”
“To be with me?” I whispered.
He gave a short laugh. “That was also kind of the point.”
I placed my hand on my forehead; still unable to process he was here let alone moving here. But he was here, and was moving here. To be with me . . .
“I got your letter, Lacey.”
Snapping out of my thoughts, I narrowed my eyebrows at him. “My letter?”
“Yeah, and I’m sorry, but it will never make it to my father. I just can’t make myself part with it. I’m seriously framing it and putting it up in my place.”
Oh. That letter. My cheeks blazed, completely embarrassed. Some of the things I said I wasn’t terribly proud of. I couldn’t help myself. I was just so mad . . . I’d never regret sending it, though. Regardless of how mean those things I wrote were that man deserved them for what he did to Drake and me. 
I looked up at him. “How did you get it?”
“The post office sent it to my dorm by mistake because of the name. I’m glad they did. The thing seriously gave me hard-on for like an hour. Okay, I’m exaggerating a bit, but it did give me one.”
I popped my hand to my mouth, snickering.
Pulling my hand from my face, he brought my hands to his lips and brushed a kiss. “I would have come here anyway, though. Letter or no letter.”
“You would have?”
“I would have. I’m so sorry, Lace. For everything. For letting my father come between us. For dwelling on stupid technicalities. For not—” When he looked away, his Adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed hard. “For not being there for you when your mother passed.”
I slid my hand out of his and to his cheek to make him look up at me. He didn’t talk to me, just leaned his cheek into my hand with his eyes shut tight.
“You had to go through that alone . . .” he whispered into my hand, his warm breath touching my palm. “I’m so sorry you had to go through that alone, Lace.”
My heart ached as I watched him, his expression completely wretched. The fact that I was alone wasn’t his fault. Not really, and I realized it that day with Margot. “Don’t feel bad, Drake. It’s my fault you weren’t there. Not yours.”
He looked up at me, eyes wandering between mine. “Your fault?”
“I was weak. I hesitated. I gave you a reason to doubt me.”
Pulling away from my hand, his own went to my cheek. “No, Lace. No.”
I nodded into his hand, my eyes threatening tears. “But what happened is my fault. I could have ripped up that check, Drake. I didn’t. I was weak. I was weak and let us fade away.”
“No, you didn’t.” He moved closer, and his other hand joined my cheek.
Rubbing my cheek against his hand, I closed my eyes. God I missed him so much.
“Your strength is the reason we didn’t. Despite what happened between us you still fought. You never gave up.” He leaned in. “You wrote a kiss-my-ass letter to the senator of Illinois for pity sake. I’d say that’s pretty damn strong.”
Sniffling back tears, I laughed.
“You inspire me everyday, Lacey. You get crap thrown at you from every which way, but you don’t let it defeat you. You stay strong, and you fight back every time. It was you who fought for us when I was too stubborn to do it myself. You . . . You fought for me.”
I fluttered open my eyes. “Because I love you.”
Drawing in close, he leaned his forehead against mine, and that familiar wave of his blood-warming scent took over my senses almost instantly.
The heat of his lips approaching, I closed my eyes.
 “Lace?” he whispered, his lips brushing mine.
I rubbed my nose against his. “Yeah?”
“What do you see?”
Opening my eyes, I followed his gaze over my shoulder. There were many people around the park; most of them couples. Some chatted on blankets, others walked their dogs, and some held hands while licking ice cream.
I turned back toward him. “What am I looking for? I don’t see anything.”
He smiled. “Exactly. There’s nothing. No one is watching us.” He pulled in closer. “Which means no one will care about what I’m about to do to show the woman I love how much I love her.”
He crushed his lips against mine, and I cuffed his wrists while he took my lips. I embraced it all, absorbed every bit of the expression of his love to me. 
While we kissed there was no fanfare, but there was no objection, either. There was only what he said: nothing.
Sweet nothing.


Epilogue
Lacey

“Lacey, wait until you see Drake’s place. You’re going to love it,” said Adele, barreling up the stairs of my—and now Drake’s—housing complex.
I laughed, but was pulled from it when Drake snaked his arm around my waist, tugging me close to him. He’d maintained a rather close proximity since we were downstairs at the park earlier.
Not that I minded.
Pushing my arms around his midsection, I made sure I stayed there against him. I didn’t want any more space between us. Not ever if I could help it. I felt myself hovering on a cloud while snuggled safely under his arm. He brushed soft kisses on my brow, leading us upstairs to his flat. Adele’s excited voice ahead was the only thing that kept me a part of the world. I laughed again, thinking about how she’d tricked her way to Paris.
“So, your parents think she’s at a friend’s house for the weekend?” I asked, gazing up at my man’s strong chin.
He gave that deep throaty chuckle that always gave me goosebumps. He rubbed my arm, budding even more of the prickled flesh. “Yeah. She’s got an early flight back to the States on Sunday. She even went as far as getting her friend to cover for her.”
“That sounds all too familiar,” I said, eyeing him.
He simply flashed me a grin. “Are you surprised? Our father’s a politician. He practically trained us on how to pull things over on people.”
My head dipped a little when he referenced his father. How did he react when Drake told him he decided to live here…with me? With the lengths he went to break us up the first time, he was probably furious. And what about his mother? How did she take the news? Anxiety rose in my chest and I swallowed hard. I didn’t want him burning bridges with his parents even if they didn’t agree with us being together.
Drake touched my chin, and I gazed into his mahogany eyes. Concern wrinkled his brow.
“What’s wrong?” he asked.
I didn’t want to voice my worries, but I did anyway. “How did your parents react? You know, to you leaving?”
At my words, Drake’s expression went tense. “I can imagine they won’t be too happy… when they find out.”
My brows shot up. “You didn’t tell them?” Oh my god. When they find out it’s going to be so bad…
I must have been shaking my head in panic because Drake settled his hands on my cheeks and bent to my level. “I mailed them a letter. It explains everything but the specifics of where I’m located. I don’t want them interfering in our lives anymore.”
“But, Drake—”
He pressed his finger to my lips. I closed them, and he placed a kiss on my forehead, then moved his lips to my ear. “I choose to be with you, Lacey Douglas. You. My parents have nothing to do with that. Don’t worry about them. It’s our time now.”
He crossed back in front of me and brushed his thumb under my lip. He wore the warmest of gazes. “Us,” he said.
Propping myself up on my toes, I touched his full lips with mine. “Us,” I whispered.
His arms moved around me. Large hands splayed on my back, he pressed me against him, deepening our kiss.
A huff sounded in the hall and my hand was pulled, forcing me to slide out of Drake’s grasp. A petite Adele frowned at her brother. “You’ll have plenty of time for that later, Drake. Now, give me keys. I have to show Lacey your flat.” She placed her palm out, waiting impatiently.
I chuckled, but Drake scrunched up his face. Rather reluctantly, he handed his sister his ring of keys. She tipped her chin, pleased to get her way, and let us into the flat. She dragged me by the hand, making sure Drake couldn’t have his way with me as she led the tour of his dwelling. 
“Now, it’s a little on the small side, and only one bedroom, but I can totally hook him up with some tips on how to open the space up,” she said, going into designer mode as we stepped into the living room.
His place was a little smaller than mine, pre-furnished as well with floral printed furniture and white wooden siding that matched the tables and chairs. Definitely not the traditional guy’s space, but Adele was quick to give her advice on how to solve that as well. I couldn’t stop smiling during the whole tour. Adele definitely hit her niche here. She had charged out of his bedroom, heading to the balcony to show the last spot on the tour.
Drake caught me before I could leave the room. 
“I want to see your place,” he said, slowly prowling toward me.
	He backed me up against his bedroom wall, surrounding me with his familiar, masculine scent that was known for making my mouth go dry.
	I swallowed hard. “Okay. We have to get Adele.”
	He got closer, his hard chest brushing my breasts. I felt them instantly go heavy, the tips beading tight. He didn’t stop his pursuit. Tilting his head, he hovered his lips over my cheek.
	I closed my eyes, expecting him to kiss me, but he didn’t. Pulling back, he said, “All right. You head down and I’ll go get her.” He then passed me and left his bedroom.
	My legs were still wobbly as I crossed the threshold of my flat moments later. Drake had a way of making my body completely betray me. 
I left the door open a crack so the two could get in, then tossed my keys onto the kitchen island. I opened the blinds, letting in the afternoon light. After surveying the condition of my living room, I put away the scripts I had on the coffee table, then moved to the couch and fluffed the pillows. I definitely didn’t expect company today. It was crazy. When I woke this morning I could never imagine how happy I’d be by the end of the day. Life can hand over some amazing surprises sometimes. 
	I sat on the arm of the couch to wait, but quickly got up to go check my face. Again, I had no idea that I’d be seeing Drake and probably looked a mess. I scurried into the bathroom and was relieved to know the damage wasn’t as bad as I thought. I had my hair up in a bun so it wasn’t messy. With a quick swipe of some lip gloss, I was good to go.
	I put the gloss back in my makeup bag on the sink and jumped when a set of arms went around my waist.
	I gazed up to the mirror to see Drake’s head of jet-black hair, his lips settling on my jawline.
	“Lacey…” he husked against my skin, his deep voice smooth like honey.
	A moan hummed in my throat. I’d been waiting so long for him to touch me… taste me. But with Adele here we couldn’t do that now. I grasped his hands, which were now venturing from my waist to underneath my top. “Your sister,” I said.
	His only response to this was whipping me around. I yelped when he braced my thighs and wrapped them around his waist. He pushed out of the bathroom and into my bedroom.
	“Drake,” I said, forcing myself to lower my voice. Good god we could not do this with his sister in my flat.
	He tossed me on my bed, grinning as he settled himself on top of me. I wriggled underneath him trying hard not to giggle. He wouldn’t let me escape and pushed my arms above my head, getting both my hands in his large one. 
	“Truman Drake, we are not about to—”
	He crushed his lips against mine, cutting off my objection. My body relaxed beneath his, liquefying under his broad frame. His tongue peeked out, coaxing my lips for entry, and I opened up to him completely. Sighing, I submitted, tangling my tongue with his. His taste was as maddening as his touch against my skin. 
	Without words, he lifted his head, separating our mouths. I opened my eyes, licking my swollen lips. “That was mean,” I said, trying to catch my breath.
	His lips lifted. With a long finger, he traced my profile, my cheek, my lips. “I can’t be held responsible for what I do after not seeing you for a month.”
	He lowered his head, seeking my lips again. I placed my hand on his chest. “I want to but…”
	“Don’t worry about my sister,” he said, settling warm kisses on my cheek. “She’s back at my place for the rest of the evening. We came to an agreement.”
	I pulled back, eyeing him. “Oh, really?”
	He gave a curt nod. “I will be making sure she goes anywhere she wants this whole weekend. After tonight, of course. My sibling can be very reasonable when she wants to be.”
	I snickered, slipping my arms around his neck. “So what do you plan to do all night, Mr. Drake?”
	He rose up and my hands slid down his chest. Reaching behind his back, he slid his shirt off in an effortless move. Its removal tousled his styled hair, making the choppy cut even sexier, but I lost my breath at the sight of his hard body. Nothing but rich, tan skin covered the lean definition of his muscles. His sculpted biceps and broad shoulders sparked a tingle between my thighs. 
	“Now?” he said, easing apart my thighs and lifting my leg. He pulled off my heel, tossing it to the floor. “I plan to make love to you, and I intend on being very thorough.”
	He removed my other shoe, and I sucked in a breath as he placed a kiss on my inner thigh. My sheer stockings did nothing. I felt everything. 
	“Oh…” I breathed out.
	“Then,” he paused, setting my leg down. With a devilish grin, he tugged my skirt, wrestling it off me. After dropping it to the floor, he shrugged. “Maybe look for a job.”
	I shook my head. Wrapping my legs around him, I shifted my hips until he brought himself against me. He was so hard already. He groaned at the contact and pressed even harder against my mound to feel more.
	I brought my arms around him, drawing his earlobe into my mouth. “How about later on the job thing?”
	He pushed his fingers into the elastic band of my stockings, pulling them down my hips. “Sounds like a plan.”
	
###
DRAKE AND LACEY’S STORY CONTINUES IN… The Dividing Line!

BUT it’s a better value to purchase the entire series in The Space Between Series Boxed Set. You’ll get all three books in the series for 40% off! Even after reading and purchasing this novel, you’ll still save 30%, so you’ve still got more bang for your buck! 


Hey, readers! Did you enjoy this book? If so, won’t you consider sharing your thoughts by writing a review? I’d really appreciate you taking the time.

WANT EXCLUSIVE CONTENT BEFORE ANYONE ELSE? Sign up for my newsletter! Email addresses are never shared and you can opt out at any time.



Click here to get going: http://eepurl.com/bdxV5P


About the Author

Victoria H. Smith has a Bachelor’s Degree in Political Science. She puts it to good use writing romance all day. She resides in the Midwest with her Macbook on her lap and a cornfield to her right. She often draws inspiration for her stories from her own life experiences, and the characters she writes give her an earful about it.

In her free time, she enjoys extreme couponing, reading, watching Scandal, and general geekery in the form of Sherlock and DC Comics. She’s a bestselling author and the 2014 Swirl Award winner for Best New Adult Romance, as well as the recipient of the 2015 AMB Ovation Award for her new adult romance FOUND BY YOU. She writes both new adult and adult fiction in many genres, but mainly focuses in contemporary interracial and multicultural romances. 

Drop me a line! I love hearing from my readers <3
Email: victoria.smith775@gmail.com 

Other Links:

Blog: http://www.authorvictoriahsmith.com/
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/AuthorVictoriaHSmith
Twitter: VictoriaSmith76


Book Two in The Space Between Series




AVAILABLE NOW



Please enjoy this excerpt from The Dividing Line

Chapter One

Lacey

	My eyes were closed as I ran my finger along the familiar texture. The edges were smooth, the surface glossy. I didn’t need to see the image within the photographic paper to know it by heart. My mama’s smile was as familiar to me as the warmth of the sun, her touch as memorable as the crisp, light air of a summer breeze. My ears hummed with the memory of her voice. The one that was so thought provoking and all consuming. I could sit forever listening to it, becoming lost in the powerful, melodic sound.
	It was as if Mama came back to me as I stroked the old photograph of her onstage. The snapshot was taken the first night she’d sold out the Chicago Theatre back home; that evening she captured so many hearts with her voice. She wore a long pencil skirt, her hair pinned up and looking fabulous.
She could have put Billie Holiday to shame.
With her hand wrapped around her radio microphone, she belted toward the crowd. Mama exuded elegance and confidence. She had all the things I needed tonight. 
I was so nervous when I came to the theater tonight. The last three weeks had been rough for me, following a severe case of laryngitis, and this evening’s show sold out three times over. But with Mama here with me now, those fears managed to fade away. She soothed me with her image, wrapped me up in a haze of her beauty and courage. She also helped with the sadness settled deep within my heart. The faint opera house noise coming through my door was a reminder of finality. Paris would soon be only a memory, a wonderful dream.
Time always seemed to stop in the moments I had with Mama, which was why I took advantage of them. The time was short, but I didn’t care. She kept me calm and safe, though she was no longer with me. However, I didn’t feel her absence in these moments. I only felt her presence.
“Mademoiselle Douglas?”
My assistant’s voice broke me out of my trance. My eyes fluttered open, and for a moment, I forgot where I was. Mama’s image always did that to me. I smiled at the black and white photograph in my hands.
I promise to make you proud. 
Sophie appeared at my side. “Mademoiselle Douglas?”
I gave a faint laugh as I stood from the chair at my armoire. The white ball gown embellished in glistening sequins I wore was a bit bunchy and caught on my chair as I rose. I couldn’t complain about the dress of my opening number, though. It was my favorite. I made eye contact with the worrywart that was my personal assistant. “It’s Lacey, Sophie. How many times do I have to tell you that?”
The little French woman was at least forty-something. It felt completely inappropriate for her to be addressing me with such a formal title. It didn’t matter if I was the star of the show. Where I came from, respect was given to those who were older, regardless of who they were.
“Oh, sorry, Mademoiselle Douglas—” She shook her head, her face flushing pink. “I mean, Lacey.”
I placed my hand to my lips, smiling behind it. I really adored my assistant. She was such a sweet woman.
“I was just coming to escort you to the stage. It’s almost time.”
I drew in a deep breath, easing it out slowly. I’m okay. I’m okay.
Closing my eyes, I held Mama’s photograph to my lips and said a silent prayer. She would be watching over me tonight as she always did. I turned back to the armoire to tuck the worn edge of the photograph into the mirror. The red roses covering the surface of the shining oak would surround her this evening. 
The perfect setting for her.
The arrangements on the armoire varied in size and display. Though all beautiful, I cherished both the largest and the smallest. The smallest was a single red rose. Though it had no note, I knew who it was from, which was why it was one of my favorites. And the largest I valued not because of the size, but again, because of the sender. She was from the States and one of my biggest fans. I decided Mama’s picture needed to go right next to the card that came with the flowers, which was already tucked into the mirror. The small card read: 
Lacey!!!
I so wish I could be there to cheer you on, but in the end, I just couldn’t work it out. You know how it is over here. *rolls eyes*
I laughed. I did unfortunately know.
Anyway, I know you’ll totally rock that shit. Why? Because you’re awesome, and awesome people don’t suck.
Love you, miss you,
Adele
I smiled, reading it again, but shook my head at the same time. It hadn’t even been a year since the weekend Adele stayed with me and brought me the one person I needed to keep me strong. But the now sixteen-year-old was already changing. I’d have to read the amended version of the card to a certain someone. He’d send her a nasty email if he knew she was cussing.
I took a moment to adjust Mama’s photo next to the card, nibbling on the spot where I usually wore my lip ring. I always slid it out for performances.
“And, um, Mademoiselle Douglas?”
I chuckled. Old habits die hard I guess. “Yes, Sophie?”
	“I also wanted to let you know… he’s not here yet.”
I was suddenly no longer okay. My heart quickening, I rose up to meet the eyes of my assistant. “What do you mean he’s not here yet?”
“He just isn’t here,” Sophie said, gripping her clipboard. “I checked the seat you had reserved for him in the front row, but he hasn’t arrived yet.”
As I let her words sink in, the pre-performance anxiety from earlier quickly returned. It swirled around, churning deep within the pit of my stomach. Drake wasn’t here. Where was he? He said he’d be here. He promised he wouldn’t miss this one. He promised.
Taking a moment to breathe, I calmed down and released my initial thoughts. “I’m sure he’s just running late. He had to work tonight, so I bet it’s just traffic or something.” I reached for my satchel under my chair. “I’ll just call him real quick. I bet he’s on his way.” 
Sophie put her hand on my shoulder just as I was about to retrieve my phone. “There’s no time. We need you out onstage. I’m sure you’re right. It’s probably just traffic. He could be here already.”
Sophie gave me a bright smile, but it looked forced. In fact, I knew it was. This wasn’t the first time she’d had to break the news to me that Drake was running late… or ultimately absent. He always had a good reason. His job kept him so busy. But this wasn’t one of those times. He always let me know if he couldn’t make it by leaving word with Sophie. Her reassurance now lessened my panic and allowed me to put my phone back in my arm bag. 
“Right,” I said, nodding to myself as I put my bag on the floor. “You’re right. He’s probably already here, and if he couldn’t make it, he’d let you know.”
Her face went hopeful. “Exactly, and I have my phone on me. Haven’t heard anything yet.”
I flattened out the skirt of my dress. He was on his way. He had to be. He wouldn’t miss tonight no matter how busy he was. I left my dressing room full of mock confidence, following behind Sophie. I couldn’t let the other performers and crew know of my nerves. They all relied on me to do my job. 
Sophie’s petite stature led the way through the maze of sets, crew, and performers. Everyone was bustling, ready and waiting to start our last show of the season. Sophie was a pro and got me to the stage within seconds.
I stood at the side, smoothing out my dress again. “Sophie?”
Like the amazing assistant she was, she held up her phone. “Nothing. I’ll go take a peek and see if he’s here.” 
She had only taken a step when that familiar chirp of her cell phone hit the air.
I closed my eyes. He could be calling to say he’d be late. That’s all.
Sophie opened her phone. “Bonsoir, Monsieur Drake.”
I shook my head. She was even formal with him too.
“Yes, she’s right here with me,” Sophie said, smiling wide at me. Again, so forced she wasn’t fooling anyone. 
My hopes were low, but I didn’t let it reflect on my face.
Sophie made a motion like she was going to pass the phone to me. I held out my hand but lowered it when she pulled back and did the weirdest thing. Her smile suddenly became very un-forced. In fact, glee took on a new meaning with her expression. 
My heart fluttered. I knew he was just late.
Sophie then nodded and rattled off a bit of French.
I found this unusual. True, Drake was eloquent in the language, but the two didn’t usually speak it in front of me since I wasn’t fluent. When it came to singing, I had the dialect down pat. Everyday speaking was another story. I was embarrassed to admit that I relied on Drake more than I should for translations here in Paris. I was even more embarrassed to admit that I let him because hearing him speak it turned me on so much.
My cheeks warmed just thinking about it. 
The two chatted for a few more seconds before Sophie held out the phone to me, and that expression of hers didn’t leave her. I now couldn’t wait to talk to him.
As I took the phone, Sophie rushed away quickly, muttering something about coming right back. I didn’t take much notice since I was so excited to hear from Drake.
“Hello,” I spoke into the receiver.
“Hey, babe.”
I couldn’t stop my smile if I wanted to. His voice always had that effect on me. Drake had one of those deep, sensual voices that could melt a girl into liquid, and it never failed to work on me. It also helped me regain the confidence I’d lost on the way to the stage. He always told me my voice calmed him, but he had no idea what his did to me with its comfort. “Hi, baby. Are you on your way?”
“Lace…”
He sighed into the receiver after that, and with that sigh, any hope I had of seeing my boyfriend on the final night of my show faded away.
He couldn’t do this to me. Not tonight.
“I’m so sorry, babe. That’s why I’m calling,” he continued, his voice sounding so down. “I tried, but there’s just no getting out of here tonight.”
“But, Drake,” I said, biting my lip to keep from reflecting my emotions. He could not know I was upset. He could not know I was upset. I refused to let him know. I was too stubborn to allow him to hear how hurt I was. 
I calculated my next words to keep in any shakiness. “It’s the last night.” I swallowed. “You can’t get out of it?”
“I know, and I want to be there more than anything, but I just can’t. The curators are breathing down our asses tonight. A huge lot just came in for a big exhibit coming up. I was on my way out, but my boss pulled me in after one of the guys fell ill. We’re on a huge deadline.”
I wanted to argue with Drake. Plead with him and beg him to come. I wanted to confess that I needed his presence more than ever. Mama wouldn’t be here to see me in my finale, but that loss was lessened knowing that the man I cared for the most would be there in her place. I wanted to let him know all those things, what it meant for him to be here with me, but in the end, I held my tongue. I knew what his job at the museum meant to him. How it was the only thing allowing him to physically be here with me in Paris for the last eight months. He left everything he had in his life back in Chicago. His money. His education. And ultimately his family. 
How could I be so selfish to beg him for one more favor when he’d already sacrificed so much for me? And it’s not like he hadn’t seen the show over a dozen times. He even helped me rehearse my lines and knew the show as well as I did. It was hilarious watching all six-foot-two of him play my nephew, who was my five-year-old co-star, and even funnier to witness him perform the part of my disgruntled maid in my living room. The woman wore a corset, lace ups and all, and Drake, being the sport he was, always strapped one on. Half the time I couldn’t get through my lines with a straight face, and we’d both fall into a fit of laughter. I had to admit, those scenes were always some of my favorites to rehearse. When Drake played my love interest, those were the best times. Those scenes usually ended up at his place… in his bedroom.
I bit my lip, fighting a smile.
He sighed again. “You know what? Forget everything I said. I’ll work out something and head right over. I might not make it until the second act but—”
“No.” I raised my hand to stop him like he could see me. “It’s fine. It’s no big deal, really. I know you wanted to be here. And it’s not like you haven’t seen the show a million times. It’s okay. I’m okay.” I actually really meant that. I was relieved to know I did. When he didn’t say anything, I continued, “And you should work anyway. You need the money.”
The minute that last bit left my lips I regretted it. I could almost feel his frustration through the receiver. Drake hated talking about money. Mostly because it was the one thing that ever caused any tension between us.
“Lace, you know it’s not about that. I have an obligation here. My boss really did me a solid by giving me this job without any experience.”
I did know. I really did, which was why I regretted what I said. “I know.”
“Okay. Good. Hey, did you get my present?”
The single rose he had delivered was economical, functional, and practical. I couldn’t be happier that he was being sensible with his money tonight. “I did, and it was beautiful.”
“And did you get my sister’s flowers? She said she was sending some.”
“Yep, and the card she sent. It said I’d rock because awesome people don’t suck.” I was already getting started on that amended version.
“Well, she has something there.”
I laughed. “Right. She also said she wished she could be here but couldn’t work it out. I didn’t know she was trying.” 
I didn’t think Adele would even attempt to come back here after what had happened the weekend she visited with Drake last fall. According to Drake, the weekend his sister spent at her friend’s house—a.k.a. her short trip to Paris to see me—revealed the truth to their parents the minute the teenager’s credit card bill came in the mail. Needless to say, she was grounded for quite some time.
“Yeah, she was. You know how my parents are, though.”
Again, I did know. The only reason they didn’t give Drake any problems was because he cut off communication with them. Something I didn’t like, but I accepted it since that was how Drake had chosen to deal with their pushiness. Neither one of them approved of our relationship. Drake was a member of a high profile family in the States, and his family also happened to be white. I was neither of those things, giving his parents the perfect reason for not wanting their son to be with me. Our only ally from his family was Adele. Over time, I hoped that would change. We could only hope. 
“Hey, um, is Sophie back yet?” Drake asked, pulling me from my thoughts.
I had almost forgotten about my assistant. I gazed around, but the backstage was only filled with the crew and cast, frantic as they made their last minute preparations. “No, she isn’t. Why do you ask?”
“She’s, uh, bringing a surprise. Something a little bigger than the rose. I wanna get off the phone with you so you can take it all in.”
I shook my head but couldn’t help smiling. I should have known a single rose was too simple of a gift from my boyfriend. I hoped he didn’t go overboard like the charm bracelet he gave me last year. I could only guess at how much it cost. Not to mention, he couldn’t spend money like that anymore since he cut himself off from his parents. “What are you up to, Truman Drake?”
Normally, Drake hated when people called him by his first name. It reminded him that he was named after his jerk of a father. I was pleased to know I could get away with it without reprimand—that I was the exception.
“Patience, Lady Gwendoline,” he said, referring to my character’s name. “You’ll see soon. Right now you’ve got a performance to do, so you gotta get your head in the game.”
I nodded like he could see me, standing up tall. “Right, head in game. Check.”
He chuckled. “You’ll do great, babe. You always do. Hell, you don’t even need me.”
I did need him, but he was right. I would be okay.
“I’m going to let you go now because you’re on in—” he paused, and I assumed he was checking the time. “Ten. After your cast party, stop by my place. I wanna see you.”
“Okay. We’ll probably be out late though.”
“Don’t worry about that. If I’m asleep when you stop by just wake me up. No big deal.”
The moment had come for me to let go of my crutch. I didn’t want to, and I couldn’t make myself say the words. He ended up doing it for me.
“I love you, Lacey.”
There weren’t words in existence to describe how much I loved him. I settled for the usual. “I love you, too, Drake.”
“And I want you to know I didn’t mean for your gift to be a stand-in. I know she can’t make up for me not being there, but I hope she helps.” 
I didn’t understand what he meant and couldn’t ask him as my assistant rushed to my side.
“Mademoiselle Douglas, come with me.” Grinning, she grabbed my arm and took me to the side of the stage curtain. When she pulled back the crushed velvet material and pointed through the crack, Drake’s words became crystal clear.
Taking the seat I had reserved for Drake in the front row was my best friend, Margot. Her rainbow braids were wrapped in an elegant bun, and she wore a navy dress and black opera gloves. Based on her cringe-worthy expression as she sat down, I could tell she wasn’t happy wearing such a tight dress. My best friend was always about comfort before style.
I put my hand to my mouth, rendered speechless by the thoughtful gift I just received. My eyes filled with unshed tears that I had to sniff back. I couldn’t believe he went to the trouble to get her here.
“Bye, Lace,” Drake said into the receiver by my ear. “Break a leg.”

Acknowledgements
	
I just want to take a moment to thank everyone who helped me with the creation of this novel. A novel is not just the author and their words, but the team of players behind it. Thank you family and friends for all your continued support, thank you to my beta readers Amanda, Monica, Faith, and Jade for all your help and awesome feedback, and thank you to my editor Marcie for all your fabulous work on this project.
A special thanks to my writing buddy Jade. You’ve helped me so much with your encouraging late night Facebook chats and continue to be my rockstar support system. Stay strong lady. We’re in this together for the long haul!
And I can’t put into words how grateful I am for my wonderful hubby, my real inspiration for writing a novel about an interracial couple. You understand the woes and hardships that come along with an interracial relationship and I thank you for staying strong alongside me :-)
A special note to the readers, bloggers, and my writing friends: you rock. You’re the reason I write and the reason I can continue to write. Thank you for keeping me doing what I’m doing. Hearts you all!


