TITLE PAGE: THE BRIDE WHO MURDERED HER GROOM BY SAMUEL MOYO

This imaginary tale and the characters comprised therein are property and appurtenance to the sole owner and possessor, Samuel Moyo. They are not to be made use of and administered in conduct and behavior that disregards and slights the author of his authority and claim and privilege and reason. Feigned and invented the events and occurrences in the account are, any likely coincidence or correspondence to actual and existent narratives or persons is virtuously and sincerely accidental and unintended. All assortment and disposition—or even distribution or usage—of the tale and its characters thereof must be approved and ratified by the author who alone has designed and invented them into being. He holds any thinkable and yet reasonable rights to this fabrication and anything it comprises.


Copyright 2014. All Rights Reserved.


 


























AUTHOR PREFACE

If you happen to enjoy my free e-book, I would be highly indebted to you if you would leave a review of it. At the very end I have included the first two chapters of my presently published serial, Dead by Dawn: The Eversors Arising Episode One, a blend of science-fiction and fantasy. You can get the book online on Smash-words for free. You can also drop by my new blog at:

http://www.wordsofentertainment887.wordpress.com/

If you have any emails to send to me, send them at:

samuelmoyo887@gmail.com













DEDICATION: I dedicate this book to my adorable and charming aunt, Doreen Namakau Kalumiana. 
















CHAPTER ONE: SUICIDE GIRL

To be honest with you, at times I do wish that I was dead. Every inch and consummately dead. Dead like those two boys, Taylor and Elliot, whose deaths I am responsible for. I didn’t mean to do it. I just did it unwillingly and forcedly. That is what always happens when I break the rules. That is how things always end up whenever I become a little bit stupid and stubborn and yielding and careless. Awful and dire.

Taylor died on Valentine’s Day two years ago. He died before my very own eyes and those of everyone around, helpless and remediless. His death was so galling and frightful.

Elliot died in his car, having driven me home from the party that we had just attended. He gave up the ghost right in his seat, with I myself keeping a hand on his once-warm-but-now-suddenly-cold-cheek, and it was after we had kissed vehemently and intensely.

In all my life, it was these two boys whom I had dated and fell in love with. There were no other. And there would be other, it seemed. Taylor and Elliot. I had loved them more than anything else. More than my own breath and existence itself.

I sighed to myself as I thought about all this, sitted down on my enormous bed, my feet tucked and crossed over each other, my hands wielding a sharply knife which I would soon use to root out my life. It had been enough already. Eighteen years of living hell so far. Eighteen years of torture and torment and endless actual nightmares and agony and anguish. I would put an end to everything now, without delay.

I still remembered the day I came across Taylor La Vey. I was a self-conscious and shrinking sixteen year old back then. Guiltless and inoffensive and lawful. I ran into him while wandering about Vickensmont West High School’s extensive corridors, lost and gone out of track. Without foreseeing it, I hit into this tall and blond and overly enormous boy. He was well-built with the perfect muscles and a lovely male visage that any female would effortlessly fall for. Everything about his appearance was just plain damn…sterling!

“I’m sorry,” I grumbled an immediate apology, shame-faced and angry with myself.

“There is no need to; I am equally to blame as well; I wasn’t minding where I was going.”

Taylor had a lovely and sugary-like voice. One that you would like to be all ears to all day long; one that you would fall in love with just on the phone without ever bothering to find out the appearance of the individual it belonged to.

After helping me gather up my scattered books, I had paced away, leaving him standing there before the lockers on his own, and when I spun back to look at him he was still gazing and marveling at me. Little did I know that he was the guy whom I would share the microscope with in the laboratory during the Biology session. My God, he looked so graceful, spell-binding even! Even though his attire was modest and simple—blue jeans and a yellow shirt and a white coat—with that spiked up hair of his taken into account, he looked…totally divine!

That was the moment I fell in love with him. Not on our first encounter. Though later on he did admit it to me that he fell in love with me the first time he unexpectedly laid eyes on me.

School was just awesome and mind-blowing with Taylor around. Every day I was in Biology, sitted there next to him with him looking and making eyes at me throughout the whole span that we stayed in class, I felt like I was in seventh heaven. Many times the professor would notice him and pass comment on how absorbed some of his students were starting to fall in love—not mentioning out names, but speaking in a manner that made it obvious by peeking in Taylor’s direction as he spoke—but still, Taylor did not ever quit making sheep’s eyes at me.

It took him eight straight weeks to eventually ask me out. All this while, we were just friends that met and chatted and cracked jokes and laughed together during Biology. Whenever the two of us had a word or two and laughed and giggled what’s more, everyone’s attention would move and abide on us until we were over with whatever affair it was that we were going about.

This was how it went the day Taylor expressed his feelings to me:

After Biology, he ran to catch up with me in the protracted corridor, yelping out, “Sophia! Sophia Solochi!”

I turned over to him, seizing my books, which I had planned to lay by and then lock them up in my locker. “Yes, Taylor.”

He came to a final halt before me, breathing and sighing heavily. “What will you be doing tonight? My friend’s brother—Aaron I mean—is having a party. Aaron himself would like you there. I let him know that we are best friends. What do you say?”
 
I mused about it for a little bit while. “Sure. They say never say never. I will attend that party.”

“Thank you so much. One more thing. Look your very best. I beg you. I want to dance with you tonight.”

Smiling joyously, I replied, “I probably will.”

It was while we were dancing that very night when Taylor had began. “Sophia.”

I looked up at him warmly. “Yes, Taylor.”

“What would be your response if I told you that I love you?”

I giggled in absurd excitement. “My response? It would be that you are joking.”

He looked hurt in some way. “Sophia, I love you.”

“Is that a joke? Another one from you?”

“I am not joking, Sophia.” We stopped dancing right that moment and looked at each other quietly and gravely. 

“Taylor…I…I…”

“I do mean what I say, Sophia.”

His eyes showed it. “I can tell,” I observed.

“And what is your saying? I want to hear it straight from you. Do you love me or not?”

“I do, Taylor.”

“You do?” He was suddenly happy and buoyant. 

“Yes, I do!”

Squirming and yelling out in joy, he cuddled and squeezed me tightly to himself. I could hardly breath. In any case, he did not kill me. No, he did not.

Onward to the Valentine’s he died. We were dancing, steadily and happily, just like on the day that he proposed to me and I in turn accepted his proposal. He was neatly and excellently dressed in an immaculate black suit, one that suited and harmonized with his disheveled blond hair, and his scent…he smelled of cologne and some sort of mannish lush perfume that I had never come across until now.

I myself on the other hand—I put on a flowing and cleanly and well-designed black dress. Yes, to match and harmonize with his black suit.

“You look lovely and blameless,” he nibbled into my ear as we swayed this way and that way, much to my delectation and enjoyment.

I smiled eventually and whispered back, “Thank you. I am as gorgeous as you happen to be as well.”

He smiled back, staring down into my eyes while poking and ramming his nose gently over mine. We were breathing distance away from each other. And it was then that he kissed me, fervid and vehement.

“Taylor,” I whispered between the hurried and ungovernable kisses, trying to pull back from him, but he was strong and he towed me over to myself. “Taylor, let us stop, this is not right…Taylor…”

“I am enjoying this, baby, ain’t you?”

“Taylor…”

The next moment he was on the floor, salivating and throwing out blood. Mouthfuls and liters of blood to be precise. As he spat out the blood, he writhed in pain and twisted and turned and rolled and crawled on his belly, screaming and yelping out to no one in particular. Just when his eyes had began rolling white, I screamed out, shaky and affrightened. “Taylor!”

Elliot Tonela. I loved him. I cared about him. How many nights I have wept and mourned over his death and loss I cannot recount. To be truthful with you, I am so pained and grieved by his departure. This is a boy I loved more than I had come to love anyone, a boy who stood up for me whenever I needed him and who in the very end died right in my own arms before my very own reach and touch. Elliot. I still do love you. Even if you are no more. Gone, forever.

Elliot was both the bad boy and soccer leading man, or hero I should say, in our school. Blair High, Downtown Kabwe, Central Zambia. I came to learn about him after my friend, Jessica Knowles, insisted every afternoon about how we had to go and watch the football matches that happened on a daily basis in our school’s enormous playfield.

First, I would sit humbly and attentively with her and watch the boys play until Elliot glanced about and happened to accidentally run into my eyes. Ever since then, he did not take his eyes or watchfulness away from me. I was without fail what he looked at and dreamt about and adored as much as he cherished his own dearest life. I was that one and only true love in his life.

He was already friends with Jessica. Not genuine and sincere friends per say. They did know each other and greeted and talked and laughed. And after my discovery, he went on to pay more attention and concern to her. All in the hopes of getting closer to me and then finally open out about how he was dying and very much willing to become my man and protector. 

Yes, his plan did work though. Yupeee! It surely did. And why am I celebrating you may wonder? Because deep down my heart I prayed and dreamt and hoped that the boy would notice me and well…make a move on me. I am glad that he did.

Our relationship did not last that much long. It wasn’t destined to. It all ended badly with Elliot losing his life and I myself being contested and warred for by his friends and cousins to be their next girlfriend. I hate to admit it. But as much as I hate it, I just have to acknowledge it. I feel like I am assuredly nice-looking. Beautiful even. 

No, I am not stuck-up or self-seeking or self-praising. I am not. At times I do look this plain and terribly ugly in the mirrors and photos—I cringe away from giant mirrors that make me look rather irregular and foreign; and at other times, I am this lovely and adorable. I don’t get. How does beauty behave? Do we have it in one moment and then in another second it slips away just like that? That is what it seems like.

***Flashback***

“Mommy, am I beautiful?”

“Yes, sweetheart, you are!”

“Then why don’t you allow me to go out on dates with boys I like just like the other girls do?”

My mother, with a very disappointed and frightened face, disclosed, “The curse doesn’t authorize us to date or fall in love, Sophia. You are aware of the consequences of doing so, aren’t you?”

“To hell with those consequences.”

“Tell me, have you been seeing any boy.”

I did not reply anything. 

“Sophia, did you sleep or have sex with some boy?”

“I’d never do that, mother. I respect myself and my future husband too.”

“You are not going to have any future husband, sweetheart. You know it. You are not going to marry or even get married. That won’t ever happen.”

“Don’t say that, mother. I want to marry one day; I really want to.”

“You won’t, Sophia; you know very well that that is an impossibility.”

“No way!”

“Sophia!”

***Flashback cut out***

Mother was right. I won’t marry; and I will never get married; and for that one reason, I’d rather be a dead man. Or a dead girl if you prefer.

That said and thought over, I knew what I had to do with the knife that I was clutching in my hands.

Suicide is no easy thing. We all want to live; we all want to live life to our very best; we all want to have those foremost and leading things that we can possibly have in this life; and if we cannot have them and instead we are unhappy and broken-hearted and hapless, what better alternative than to put an end to our being and existence itself?

I don’t know why. But in spite of wielding the knife and assuring myself that I was going to thrust it into my stomach, I just could not get the power and zeal and spirit to accomplish that. Mother. I thought about her. Kris Ortiz. What would she do without me? I was her one and only daughter. The only girl she adored more than anything in this world. Yes, even more than her own happiness and well-being. Was this how I was going to repay her for everything that she had done for me? By killing and depriving her of my companionship and intercourse. No, that was not being fair, or was it?

That night, while it poured hard and showered and thundered outside, I dreamt about Elliot. These days, ever since I had become so humiliated and depressed and chilled about where my life was going, I had been experiencing frequent and endless and incessant nightmares. Nightmares about I myself wedding with fire-winged and hellish-looking demons and devils; nightmares about enraged and murderous-looking mobs and throngs of people swarming over me and chasing me and stoning and hitting and beating me up and calling me a witch sent from the devil himself; nightmares about the entire town gossiping and prattling and gibbering about how cursed I had been in killing any man that happened to be drawn in toward me.

Kris and I have kept this a secret to ourselves. That we are beautiful but cursed. No one else apart from the two of us knows our condition; not our friends or neighbors. We always do what we can to avoid men that become interested in us. If we were so inconsiderate and unmindful—sure, just like in my nightmare—the whole town would without doubt know about our curse and go on to gabble and gossip and dish on the dirt to others about us. And what would we do from there? Nothing but move away to some…far away town or place?

Kris and I have switched towns like mad. Endlessly even. Since I met Taylor two years ago, we have relocated more than fifteen times. At least seven times in a distinct and separate year. This curse, it has just made our lives so miserable and a painful living hell altogether.

I have met numerous and wonderful very good-looking boys. Boys that I wished I had the time and effort to get to know them much better and familiarize with them. Boys I would have fallen in love with so helplessly had I tarried longer in their reach and presence. But then it was for the better that I stayed away from them and move entirely out of their promising lives. I would do nothing but ruin and wreck their lives for them.

Kris met my father, Eugene, when she was at university. She studied Literature (bachelor’s degree) and she got a masters and a PHD in Creative Writing and Economics. All her life, she has wanted to be a published writer and author altogether. But she fears what would come off her life if she produces something successful and popular enough to unravel out our actual private life and the secrets that we are drawing a veil on. To her, fame and popularity can be quite detrimental. Very much indeed.

Like me in times past, she cast away all the rules and went on pursuing my father. No, not chasing and stalking and bugging him up to marry and wed her. She hanged out in places where he was fond of dropping by with the hopes that he would…see her. He did! I remember the words Kris herself used that other day she was recounting to me about how the two of them had met up.

“Your father, he was the lucky and winning womanizer. Every month, he had to court and take to bed a different girl. It was a game and contest that he and his shallow-minded peers played. And he played it so well and in such a staggering and mind-blowing manner. I fell for him on our first encounter; and as I behaved a little bit stupid and yet strangely different from all the other girls, he hesitated on whether to go for me or not to. When other guys appeared interested and began making moves on me, he acted fast for fear of losing me. I had to go about being unyielding and a little bit inane, just to give him a cruel and laborious time. Which I sure did.”

The story altered. “I remember the day he died. The day the curse hit and destroyed him. I was four months pregnant with you, Sophia. And we were staying together. We had just moved in and every time I did feel that our happiness was short-lived and going nowhere. I couldn’t help it. There were nights when I woke up weeping and crying and your father would be waked by my noise and hug me and shush me and ask me what the problem was. I just couldn’t tell him. There was no way for me to figure out how I was going to let out things to him. How was I supposed to tell a man I deeply and sincerely loved that he was soon going to be dead for loving and sticking on to me?”

In my bedroom, there are pictures of Eugene Solochi. He looks just like me in some way. I have light brown hair, black eyes, and golden-colored skin. That is what Eugene precisely had. But then, I look more like my mother. Kris herself is brown-haired, brown-eyed and pale-skinned. I share more of her facial symmetry and body shapeliness and curves. We are very much alike.

The morning following my nightmare, on Tuesday 14 August 2018, I woke up at five to strive and withstand the temptation and almost overpowering feeling to head back to bed and sleep again. I went on to sit in the living room, close to the still afire burning place, where I tossed in a handful of stony-like but long-burning wood, and here, I fetched the diary that I had carried with me and began scribbling the words:

Kris and I moved to Brownton two days ago. The town is this big and wonderful and amazing; the people here have been good and kindly to us; our neighbors always check in to bring us gifts and presents of all sorts. There is this funny thing though. Ninety per cent of my presents are from boys. Or men I should rather specify. Young men. Two boys from our neighboring house, Jack and Joshua Zimba, who are brothers, I must what’s more add, brought me my current alarm clock and newly-shopped romance novels and an enormous blank diary that I have to fill in and a glittery-like pen that scrawls with shining and glimmering ink and wholly nice-looking teddy bears and sweet-most and pretty flowers and a nice and very new pair of jeans and—their biggest and final present, an old-dated but still functioning and superbly operative laptop. Jack said that it belonged to him and he was giving it over to me as it had a highly effective and powerful browser with which I would surf the net and research up any assignment that I might have. Words cannot adequately express my gratitude to these two adorable and loving brothers.

Charlie Wooding, the blond boy from next door, brought me blooming and freshly flowers and a nice new hat and a cake written ‘Welcome Sophia and Kris to Brownton,’ which he said his grandmother, Sally Wooding, had supposedly baked. It was so sweet and tasty and pleasant that I had not tasted anything marvelous like it before.

Edward Halucha, the leggy and well-built and highly handsome bachelor from four houses down the street, brought me an expensive perfume he had picked for me while on a recent trip to Spain, and which he said he had bought from one of the Spanish royal family members themselves. He showed me photos of himself in Spain and this Maria Theresa Castillo woman whom he said was married to a grandchild of the Queen of Spain Herself. She was holding the perfume itself and smiling at the camera happily, appropriately dressed in a very expensive and far-reaching yellow dress that had an Indian look and elegance to it. On top of that, Edward brought me paintings and cookers and cutlery and carvings and dresses and boots from Spain itself! Everything he handed me screamed, “Spanish! Spanish! Spanish! And more Spanish!”

I will end here. Ten other men brought me diverse and unlike things. I cannot list them all or else my diary would be filled up and…become something else rather alien and outlandish. And I don’t want that to happen. This is strictly a diary. Not some detail-everything-to-the-very-last-bits sort of book. No way! That said and made clear, I am still muchly grateful and indebted to everyone who have brought me something from the depths and very bottom of their hearts, I fathom. Diary, goodbye!

I had an interview at nine. At Brownton University, where I wanted to study Fashion and Design. Not to become a model specifically. Clothes designing and artifice were my thing and talent. I habitually dreamt that one day I would come to be this fortunate and lucky and prosperous designer with my very own corporation and list of celebrities endorsed. But then for that to happen, I had to work very, very, very and sincerely hard. Nothing was going to come on a silver plate, free and un-worked-for. Not in this racking and toilsome world of ours. Not here.

After an effortless and slight warm showering, I stepped back into my bedroom, half-naked and clothed with a long white towel. By half-naked I do not mean that all my breasts were uncovered and denuded. I know. In our house Kris and I were the only living things around. Living humans to be point-on. Females exclusively. Who would care if we looked at each other naked? But then, ever since we had moved in here, we were occasionally bombarded with endless knocks and visits from our male neighbors. Not all of them being bachelors and unmarried. It was best that we put on something after washing, just so certain occurrences would not come about by accident.

Before my tall mirror—yes, I still disliked enormous mirrors, bit in this case, I had no alternative than to tolerate them—I slipped on a gray skirt suit and gray shoes and combed my hair straight and then tied it at the back of my head with a fastener. I looked…fine and superb. No qualms and misgivings about it.

Shortly afterwards, while I was hopping down the stairs, Kris cropped up into the living room, carrying a plate of cup cakes with one hand. She gestured over to me and voiced out, “Come and have breakfast, will you?”

“No, thank you.” I rushed past her off into the kitchen and she right away followed me.

“You are going to have an interview on an empty stomach, Sophia, are you?”

“I will eat later, mom.” I tossed open the door of our tall refrigerator and began looking about with worried and anxious eyes. 

“I don’t want you collapsing and passing out while the interview is still running.”

“I won’t pass out, mother.”

“Your stomach will groan and creak. And that will be an embarrassment before the interviewer. Eat something please.”

“Nope. I will give an apology if that happens. I have never heard of an interviewee who was kicked away from the interview for the sole reason that they were famished and had their stomach groaning and lamenting.”

When I glanced at Kris, she scowled at me, rolling her eyes what’s more. “You are stubborn, you know that, do you?” She asked me.

I grabbed out cheese and caned coke from the fridge and then heated scones from the oven, which I packed into a lunch box, before I responded back to her. “Sometimes to get your way in life, mother, you have to be this firm and persevering. That is how life largely works.”

Kris dropped her mouth open. “Even if it will cost you your dear life and brilliant future itself, you just have to be willful and pig-headed, isn’t that what you are trying to say?”

“One starved meal will not kill me, mother. A gone-wrong interview won’t ever destroy my entire future. Don’t you get it? It is that plain and simple, isn’t it?”

“I have no extended arguments with you.”

“Thank you very much. I will be taking my leave now. See you later!”

“Bye, sweetie! What about my kiss?”

“I will be late if I come back for it. Reserve it for next time.”

It was showering and drizzling when I drove my way out of the below-ground garage, and on I proceeded my way, away from our newly-bought house, sighing and exhaling out in easement. I would be through the interview. Yes, I would make it through without any troubles and hindrances. If any would arise, I had to know how to tackle and grapple them.

While my car sped on the not-so busy road, I played on some music—Stephanie Kaoma’s ‘Love is Waiting Around the Corner’ and Martin Drunkman’s ‘Watch Me As I Walk into Your Life.’ These were two slow romantic songs that I liked like nothing else. Every day I awakened from my sleep, I had to put them on to freshen and vitalize and enliven up my day. Is life ever possible without love? I don’t think so.

Twenty minutes after, I eventually made it to Brownton University. The drizzle was still present and ongoing. Shit! I had forgotten my umbrella back home and I wondered how I was going to make my way out in the rain. For that mistaking, I had to pay by getting drenched and wet. I surely had to.

As I was about to park my car, I hit into this lusciously-colored but olden-looking red car that was about to proceed its way out of the parking lot. My bonnet smashed into its tail-lights, shattering and wrecking them and the bonnet itself splintering up to some degree; my heartbeat quickened up. How had such a thing come to happen? How? And what would I do now? What? 

CHAPTER TWO: DANGEROUSLY FALLING IN LOVE

For a moment or two, I could not breathe. No matter how hard I tried to, my lungs stiffened and they could not endorse any air to freely make its way in or out. It was impossible to go about. While I sat still in my seat, frozen and iced up like actual ice itself, I processed everything that had happened as quickly and orderly as it had come to take place.

What had I just done? What was I thinking, inattentive and careless enough to smash into another car that was moving backwards toward mine? Was I prepared and able to meet the consequences of this accident, costly and high-priced they were? Was I really prepared to meet and fulfill them?

In no time, the door of the car that I had just slammed into swung open and a tall and potent-looking boy came out, seeming every way infuriated and nettled. His brow was creased and rumpled up, just like the skin beneath his eyes right above his nose. Shit! I was doomed to death! I sure was. The young man would without doubt kill me. He sure would.

Having made it to my car, he threateningly slapped a furious hand on the window of my vehicle. I blenched in my seat as I looked on at him. As my car had dark-tinted windows, he could not see me. But I myself on the other hand, I could discern and make him out very well. Very well indeed.

“Get the hell out of this car right now!” The man bellowed out, shaking and vibrating continually from excessive fury.

I quickly wound my window down and peeked out at him. He glared down at me instantly and our gazes locked, instantly and never-endingly. I was the one who first stirred—blinking my eyes and shifting about while declaring, “I am really sorry; I was just about to come out.”

Without hesitation, I slung the door open and stepped out, restless and anxious. What was going to happen to me? What would precisely come off me? What? What exactly?

Once I had took my stand in the faint glimmering sunlight—it had shortly just ceased to shower—I faced the man and uttered in a trembling voice, “Sir, I am really sorry for what happened. I truly am.” 

Something had changed. No, not the weather; not the slight and yet existent sunlight; not the surrounding or environment about us. The glare in the man’s eyes—recently fervid and murderous—had been replaced by a gentle and short-lived ogling. In a matter of minutes, the man shook off his head to regain back his senses. He looked startled and bewildered at the same time. And for a time I stayed quiet, expecting harsh and ill-natured words from him, which, fortunately, he did not come to voice out.

To my shock, his foremost words were, “Is this your first time driving? I mean are you new at this? Steering a vehicle?”

What a great difference and contrariety to what I was expecting! Instead of receiving cruel and inhuman words, I got sweetly and caring words. My heart was so melted and stirred by that. It was as though my very own ears had deceived me. Had they?

“This is not my first time driving,” I answered nevertheless.

The man narrowed his eyes at me as if intending to glower. He didn’t do that in any case. It was shock and dubiety on his part which had triggered that behavior, I later on found out. That was what it seemed to be. Sure.

“I am really sorry.”

“There is no need to say that. We all do make mistakes you know. Big mistakings like this one.”

I uplifted my eyebrows. “You mean you are not offended by me—”

He cut me short straight away. “I am not. It was just the tail-lights that got ruined. I can fix them easily and cheaply.”

“Are you a mechanic?”

“Sort of. Alex Ramirez is my name, and I am in my third year of studying Engineering at this university. May I know your name and where you come from?”

“I am Sophia Solochi; I am new in this town and the university itself.”

“You are quite a charming lady, I must acknowledge, Sophia.”

I smiled weakly and shyly, dreading where our conversation was heading to. Would he not estrange and alienate all of a sudden without a sound reason? To be upright with you, I was the one at fault here, and for that reason, I had to accept whatever it was that was going to come my way. Anything at all. “Thank you, Alex.” My response was weakly and unsound and shaky, just like I had meant it to be.

Following that, Alex looked at my bonnet. It was so…damaged. But not overly wrecked. Each time that I would drive from now on, it had to go on yawning and gaping wide open. Like a slit and mangled shoe which you have put on while walking. People would obviously stare and deride my car, which I was averse to see happen about.

“I may fix that as well,” Alex added on. 

What? No way! I would not let him. I was fortunate enough that he was not going to let me handle responsibilities for the damage of his car. That was enough, wasn’t it? And now I let him furthermore be accountable for the repairing and mending of my car? It was so unfair and insincere. Yes, it was.

“Alex.”

“Yes.” His eyes immediately veered to me.

“I can’t let you…I mean I cannot let you bear the accountability of the piecing of my car. It would be too much and unjust and one-sided and insulting of me, don’t you think so?”

“I don’t.”

“You don’t?”

“Yes, I don’t.”

“But—”

I was cut off before I had ventured any further. “I am a mechanic, Sophia. Not a professional and schooled one to be truthful. My father is the schooled and familiarized mechanic, and I learnt everything from him. If I ask him out, I am positive that he will give me a helping hand in the fixing of your car. I am not asking you to pay anything for it.”

“But—”

“Let us do this. We will swap cars right this moment. I will go home in your car to repair and make adjustments as they are needed. I will come with it tomorrow, fixed and new-looking. You yourself on the other hand will take my car and bring it back tomorrow. I will fix the shattered lights lastly and finally. And to prove to you that I am no cheat or trickster, I will have you seize my identity cards just so you will be confident that I can be easily traced and followed should I make a go at fleeing away. You car looks a bit modern and quite expensive than mine, don’t you agree?”

“I have no arguments or queries with that.”

“Which is a ‘yes’ as I take it, isn’t it?”

“Sure.”

Alex smiled at me warmly. His perfect smile…it dazzled my senses and swirl of emotions altogether. If I had not confessed it before, then now is the precise and rightful time. Alex was one such nice-looking and gorgeous guy. The kind of guy who, with his handsome face and energetic and well-molded body, would drive just about any woman insane and out of her mind. He had dark hair and dark eyes and olive skin and shady-like brown lips. At the moment, he was dressed in blue jeans and an immaculate white shirt and brown canvas shoes. He was ravishing in this in-complex and yet ingenuous attire. Like some bold and athletic model posing for a garb advertisement!

That night before I slept in my bed, lying down wide-eyed and wide-awake, I thought back to the moment when I had run into him. It was strange. But already I was starting to become attracted to him. Oh my! What nonsense and bull-sh*t this was! Was it normal to go bananas and irrational over some boy that I had just met hours ago? Was this actually some undeniable piece of bull-sh*t?

My interview had been awesome and hilarious and brilliant, all thanks to this boy called ‘Alex Ramirez’ whom I had just happened on. As I had took my seat down, glowing-looking and vivacious, I had by that moment been flown off into very high spirits, where I tarried and remained until after the interview was through. As I spoke with the interviewee, a tall and neatly-dressed-in-black woman named Vivian Sutherland, I had been this continually confident and smiling. Laughing and serious-behaved even. After the interview was through, Vivian had shook hands with me and eventually bid me farewell.

I walked away from the interview still in my glowing and luminous mood, which made those who were sitted and lined outside marvel and wonder at what was going on in there. Some group of three blond-haired girls asked me straight, to which I replied that nothing scary or intimidating was going in behind that closed door.

Alex’s car, a Jeep Cougar, was great fun and amusement to drive and ride. Although one of the oldest cars still around, it was the fastest thing that I had ever driven. Fifty minutes I had driven to the university in my car—a Ferrari Cordon. Thirty minutes I had driven from the university back home in Alex’s red-painted vehicle. The load of traffic was still much the same, free and unfilled.

Kris had gone out to shop vegetables and onions and tomatoes and the like when I arrived home. I picked up on it in the note that she laid on the wool carpet, straight after opening up the door. She would return in an hour or so, she surmised. That dinner, before I had packed off for bed that is, our conversation, in between boiled eggs and fried sausage and fried rice and carrots and boiled potatoes and glasses of juice, had been:

Kris, sipping steadily her glass of orange juice. “I noticed that you came back in a different car. One with the tail-lights broken and shattered. What happened to your legitimate car?”

I looked up at her suspiciously. “It got damaged. In a trivial accident that is and I sent it off for repairing.”

“A trivial accident? Why didn’t you tell me about it, Sophia?”

“I didn’t want to annoy or worry you. You were so pre-occupied with the cooking and cleaning up and rearranging of things. I didn’t want to disturb and bog down your high-flown spirits with my stupid account.”

“Suppose you had got hurt?”

“I didn’t, mom. That is the fortunate part of it all, isn’t it?”

She shook her head. “I don’t want you involved in anything like it again, Sophia, do you hear me?”

“I do.”

“So whose car is that anyway?”

“Alice’s. She is my newest friend. I met her today and we became great friends instantly. She was kind enough to lend me her car to drive myself here home. It is a long drive from school, remember, and she wouldn’t have me walk or board a bus all the way here.”

Kris merely frowned and scowled. “You are lucky to have such type of a friend. Be good to her always and make your friendship last as long enough as it possibly can. Anyway, how did your interview go?”

“Perfect. With Alice around, it was just amazing and heavenly. It all went smoothly and appropriately.”

“I trust that they will take you to be one of their first year students this semester.”

“They probably will, mom.”

“Tell me one question they asked you?”

“Why I want to study Fashion and Design.”

“And your response? How was it?”

“I showed the interviewee some pieces of clothing that I designed personally. She fell for them helplessly and even remarked that I have great talent. This is something I have wanted to do all my life. A dream I have worked hard for all these long and painful years just to accomplish and fulfill. I want to designate and style clothes that are health-giving and hygienic and which people of diverse and unlike cultures can embrace and accede to. I want to dress humanity well and efficiently.”

For a second, Kris looked at me wordlessly and taken aback, as if wanting to say something but then lacking the efficient strength and zeal to do so. 

“What do you think?” I asked her.

She blinked instantaneously. “That was sublime. I wasn’t expecting to hear that from you to be clear-cut.”

“You weren’t?”

“Yes, I wasn’t.”

It was strangely cold and unwelcoming in my bed. Maybe because it was raining outside. Hard and never-endingly. The roof above rattled and reverberated, the windows beneath it spattering and splashing up. Not that the roof on its own was rattling and reverberating and the windows themselves spattering and splashing. The rain was the agent and force behind these sounds. Without it, the sounds themselves would be non-existent.

I don’t know how I fell asleep; I just did; and when I woke up, morning had already dawned and broke forth. Flashes and streaks of sunlight filtered through the cream white curtains into my enormous room, newly-looking and a bit dazzling at first sight. The feelings themselves about me, they were sickly-like and shallow and sleazy-like.

I had no schooling to go about that precise day. No tutorial or teaching at all. Still, I managed to convince Kris that I would be out to meet Ashley and return her car to her. In fact, it was Alex Ramirez I was meeting and no un-existing Alice. Kris didn’t interrogate me much about it. She kindly asked me to express her deep-felt and sincere gratitude to this goodly Alice that had helped her one and only daughter. Who was me without doubt.

The traffic was severe and strong that morning when I left. I arrived thirty minutes late at Brownton, the ground and lawn of the institution being this highly drenched and wet, to the point that each time that I made my way on the non-paved walkway, I had to be meticulously careful and attentive of where I stepped and how I made that particular step. I put on a blue sundress and blue flat shoes and fastened and secured my hair behind me with a lovely-looking blue ribbon. Simply put, I was graceful and neat and flawless in consummate blue.

Wherever I went to, the boys had a ‘you-look-so-magnetic’ expression in their eyes. Not a loudly voiced one. But a silenced-uttered one. That was also equally true with the girls.

I found Alex waiting for me on a wooden bench sited under a giant tree, where he was sitted and relaxing. Like boys are fond of doing, he was busy checking out the strolling by girls and ladies. It seemed he hadn’t been intent on going about that. But with nothing more to do and occupy his mind and senses, he had no alternative but to go on sizing the walking by chicks. Did I say ‘chicks’? Boops! It should be damsels!

The moment he noticed me, while I was still half-way away from him, he gave me that overwhelmed and overpowered look that the other boys had given me moments back. His mouth opened slightly, his eyebrows widening, his expression softening and tenderizing. What? Did my mere presence had that power and ability to quell and make people become overwhelmed that way?

I sat down on the bench just next to him, and having looked up at him, smiled slightly. “Alex Ramirez, how are you doing?”

His eyes tarried and lingered on my face. “Fine, Sophia. And you?”

“I am equally fine as well. Sorry I am late. The traffic was this heavy and cumbersome and annoyingly very slow. I should have called you, but then I don’t have your number.”

“Do you need it right now?”

“Uhmnnn…no, I guess. I am already here and that is what is important, isn’t it?”

“Sure!”

The air gusted past me, pushing off loose threads of light brown hair into my face, ones which I had not tied and made fast. I tossed them away in that girly and delicate way that men cannot help but lift eyebrows at and wonder in silence, inwardly enraptured and delighted and transported off into alien and yet entrancing thoughts. 

“Are you not having classes today?” I checked the time on my phone. It was spot-on ten thirty. 

Alex sighed in relief. “I am free and readily available. All day that is.”

“What do you connote by that?”

“Nothing really. I was wondering if you would join me for…a snack. What do you say?”

I thought about it for a while. “No problem.” To be upright with you, all I wanted right now was to catch a glimpse of my car. Had Alex really fixed it, with the help of his mechanic father? Or had he failed to? Maybe not done anything at all?

He led me straight to my car. There it was parked, new-looking and repaired and faultless. The bonnet looked ideal and whole. No damage on it, no any slight flaw or defect or fracture. My goodness! Alex had done such a good job indeed! While I surveyed the car, I became this breathless and entranced and so overjoyed. Words are not adequate to explain the surge of emotions that I was undergoing that very moment. No, they are not sufficient enough.

“Alex.” My eyes drifted to him, startled and thankful at the same time. “Thank you so much for repairing my car. I wasn’t expecting it to be this wholesome and perfect. You did everything right and beyond what I was foreseeing done. Thank you so much.”

He smiled steadily at me, a winning and well-performed smile. “It is my pleasure, Sophia, to hear that; it assuredly is.”

I breathed out quietly at my own desired pace. “So tell me, did your father give you a helping hand in the fixing of my car?”

He wavered a little bit. “He did.”

“You haven’t yet told me his name, have you?”

“No; I probably will anyway. He is Alex Ramirez Senior.”

“Hmmnnn, so you are junior, right?”

“I sure am.”

“Pass him my best wishes and deep-most appreciation, will you?”

“As you wish.”

We drove to a cafeteria in my car. I was not the one who drove. Alex did. Unlike yesterday, his clothes were in some way mucky and soiled. I noticed it while stealing a glance at him from the comfort of my seat. He took notice almost immediately and resolved, “Sorry that I have to go out and eat with you looking this filthy and foul. I had to give Alex—I mean dad—a helping hand with some engine clean-up before I started off for Brownton. Are you offended by me being this dirty and unclean?”

“No. Why would you even say that? I understand the sanity of you being this way.”

He smiled solely.

I looked away from him that instant, fearing that should I stare at him longer than was necessary he would think that I was examining and checking out how dirty and despicable he was. Which was far off from the actual truth. I didn’t care that he was dirty and soiled up. I didn’t care that he was not clean and spotless like I was. I didn’t care that he was dressed in humble clothing while I was this richly and neatly garbed. I didn’t care about anything at all. Oh yes, I did not give a damn whatsoever!

That moment I stared away from him, Alex had his eyes on me. I first felt it and then discerned his watchful eyes from the corner of mine. What was it with me? Or anything about me that was worthwhile looking.

Having noticed how so quiet we both were, Alex put on some music, making my heart dance and my soul stir up to the rhythm and enticing slow beat itself. Yes, he put on some unending tracks of slow romantic music. One that I was keen on and would listen to with all my heart and soul and spirit altogether. Alex! How so sweet and charming he was!

The third song, which repeated twice, and which I happened to fall for the most, went like this—it was a man who was singing, by the name of Christopher Mooning, and to me, it felt like Alex himself was caroling out to me:

Baby, baby, my sweet angel
Baby, baby, my perfect angel
Baby, baby, my amazing angel
Baby, baby—the one who has stolen and seized my heart

There is something special about your lovely eyes
Something special about the curving and shapeliness of your lips
Something golden about the way you smile
Something brilliant about the way you talk

Baby, baby, I am falling so madly for you
Baby, baby, I can’t go on without thinking about you
Baby, baby, you are my heart and my breath itself
Baby, baby—you are the one I live to see and eternally hold in my arms

Baby, baby, I like the way you look at me
Baby, baby, have I told you
That I fell for you that very second 
I laid my eyes on you

Have I told you that
No matter how hard I tried
I could not forget that picture of you
Smiling and looking so quiet and so grave

Baby, baby, you are my sweet angel
Baby, baby, you are my perfect angel
Baby, baby, you are my amazing angel
Baby, baby—you are the one who has stolen and seized my heart and breath itself

That is not the entire song. Just a part of it I included here so you can get a taste and feel of how the spectacle was. While the song played on and on, Alex would glance at me every once in a while, enchanted and fascinated by what his eyes were seeing. I had no doubt or misgiving that the guy was so attracted to me. He definitely was. And I was drawn toward him as well on the other hand. Yes, I was. I sure was.

The cafeteria we had our snacks at was ‘Sam’s Lobelia.’ That was its simple and yet marvelous name. At the entrance, there was a sketch of blue and scarlet colored lobelias grouped and bundled together. Brilliant and delightful to look at flowers. 

Inside, the tables and chairs were white-painted and plastic-manufactured. The floor was mahogany and polished and shining. The ceiling was mahogany-fashioned too and sited high and farther above with scarlet and blue colored lights illumining and shimmering up. It was a nice and wonderful place to be. How I wished I had dragged my camera with me so as to snag a photo or two of Alex and I munching and whooping it up!

We had ensconced down, waiting for the menu that we had just ordered to be delivered, when Alex, on the spur of the moment and unexpectedly, observed me looking about in fascination and enrapturement, and he remarked, “I have noticed that this cafeteria happens to bewitch and charm you, isn’t that it?”

I blinked at him rapidly—an unforeseen and unplanned movement.  “You are right, Alex. I turn out to like and revel in this place, you know.”

“I can positively tell. Would you mind taking photos? Of us? I have my phone with me and its camera is this matchless and unrivalled. What’s your say on that?”

I breathed in and out, mystified and robbed of any words. How was this guy able to do it? It seemed that he was an expert at amusing and cheering me up and giving me what I really and deeply wanted. Yes, he was fantastic and ideal!

“Is there anything at fault with it, Sophia?”

I answered immediately. “No, no. I didn’t suggest that. It is an excellent and wowing idea. I mean it. Honestly.”












CHAPTER THREE: FIRST SIGHT, FIRST IMPRESSION

The photo shooting carried on by Alex was hilarious and amazing. He first took pictures of me as I sat on my chair by myself, directing me to pose this way and then that other, and to put on this kind of smile and then that contrasted one— as well as to station my body this manner and then that other manner. Each time before he would press down the ‘photo-shoot’ button, he unfailingly marveled and hung wide open his mouth at seeing how…gorgeous (hmnn, I don’t assume so)…or whatever-it-was that I looked. He was done in a matter of minutes, all smiling and wordly-wise looking.

“Can I have an eye at the photos?” I asked him.

He was surveying and checking them out at the moment when I asked. “Not so soon,” he pointed out in any case. “I am going to make paper and proper photos of them. Which I will eventually showcase you. But these digital ones, they are mine to keep and make use of.”

I sighed in frustration. “How do you plan to use them?”

He pressed his lips together for one concise moment. “That is my secret. It is not like you are going to find them on some well-known porn site with you being enlisted as their new talented and upcoming porn star.”

I quailed at that. “How can you say that? I don’t watch or sift pornographic sites. Well, for now, that is not my addiction or habit.”

Alex’s gaze on me was engrossed-like and whole-hearted. “Would you mind an additional few photos of us together taken?”

“Sure,” I replied.

He had the quiet and lonely man who was sitted next to our table capture a snapshot or two or five of us posing together; in the course of the photo shooting, he was this mindful and considerate whenever he touched me. Oh yes, there was an electricity-like and magnetizing-like feel and force to his touch, which I could not distinctly explain and unfold. It was just there! The longer his hands tarried and stroked me, the greater and fiercer the force was. Maybe it was because I was so attracted and drawn in him. Maybe. In any case, I dunno.

At long last, our snack was served hot and delicious-smelling. The aroma almost killed me to instant starvation. The second I smelled the food, I became the world’s most hungriest person. My stomach groaned and grumbled and moaned and bewailed and whined much to my embarrassment and shame. Alex acted like he had not noticed and overheard it, but then he obviously had.

Fried chips, fried fish, fried chicken. Everything that we ate was fully and well-fried. Chili-ed soup, chili-ed vegetables, chili-ed eggs. Everything else that we devoured contained lots of tongue-gnawing chili. It was just so elaborate and to the hilt incredibly yummy. It definitely was.

Minutes later, we were over and through with the eating. Alex stared up at me with pleased and gratified eyes. “So, how was the meal?” He asked. “I hope that you liked it.”

I smiled leniently at him. “It was fantastic. First-rate even. I have also enjoyed every moment spent with you.”

“Really?”

“I cross my heart. That is the absolute and undiluted truth.”

It was final time that Alex and I ventured on our separate ways. Splitting up in other words. Outside of Sam’s Lobelia we stood for a while facing each other and holding hands before my car. I took my stand in a posture where my buttocks or backside were leaned and sloped against the newly-mended bonnet of my blue-colored car. My hair was lodged on my back behind me, loosened and unconfined. Whenever a stream of wind proceeded past us, it danced and swayed off in the direction of the potent wind itself. In the face of my eyes hovered Alex, majestic-heighted and very nice-looking. I was the one who was a bit taller than him and with me slightly bended and inclined downwards this way, he undoubtedly became a little bit taller than I was. 

Staring down, he exhaled in satisfaction and then glanced up at me to disclose, “I wish you all things fortunate and sound in your journey. Journey back home safely and soundly.”

I grinned uninterestingly slow and mouthed out, “Thank you so much, Alex.”

He grinned back heart-feltly. “You are welcome, Sophia.”

Caressing gently and heedfully my hand, he grinned politely once more and then went away, his step and walk so manly and bolt like that of a male model who had practiced and worked hard to be able to perform itskilledly and versedly. The way he walked took my breath away and left me all eyes and gawking.

In my car, I drove quietly and at ease. My eyes were on the wide road ahead of me and my mind on Alex whom I had left behind. He was such a pliant and self-possessed man, wasn’t he? Oh yes, he was! And so much more of all those things good and lovely. He was the kind of a man I earnestly wanted to spend the rest of my life with. A calm and composed and collected and freely untroubled man who could definitely and reasonably take the best care of a woman that he loved deep in his heart. I hoped that woman would be I myself. Sophia Solochi Ramirez. Wasn’t that such a cute and lovely name?

I squirmed in my seat at these uninterrupted and delightful thoughts of mine. I began to feel god-like and beatific—the exact emotions that a woman falling in love meets and undergoes. I was starting to fall in love with Alex. And I did not give a damn about what lay ahead of me. Not at all.     

When I arrived home at sundown—yes, I had broke up ways with Alex moderately delayed in the afternoon at around two or three or somewhere close to those hours—I found the place still and hushed with Kris curled up in an enormous brown sofa while reading a particular book that had the cover of a half-undressed man who was holding on to an exquisite and guiltless looking young woman. By all probability and hint and tastes, it seemed to be a romance novel. Or something of that sort. Say a paranormal romance.

Upon my arrival into our small aperture room, she looked up at me jadedly as I shut the door behind me and remarked, “You are a bit late than I was expecting you to be here. In any case, how was things with Alice? It seems like you have become sincere and authentic friends. Did you go to some place, to eat and have fun and revel in any girlish stuff?”

I smiled guilelessly. “Yes, we did go out and had some fun. We sure did.”

Kris’ curiosity seemed aroused. “For keeps?”

“Yeah, for keeps, mom.”

“I hope you were not drawn in to some irreproachable and nice-looking boy in the process, or were you?”

“Not at all; not at all, mom. I give my word: I will not disappoint or turn you down this time. I surely will not.”

“That’s good to hear. I hope it comes from the very bottom and seat of your heart.”

I smiled ingenuously once more. “It does, mother.”

“Good to learn that.”

As I paced my way toward the case of wooden stairs, I yelled back to her, “What is eatable for dinner tonight?”

“I dunno exactly. Fried chips with sauce and chili and mayonnaise on them maybe. With the supplement of fried eggs and sausage and juice if necessary.”

It was veritably delicious and oh so much luscious. Dinner—that was. In spite of owning and gracing and embellishing such an enormous table, we always ate the two of us. Kris and I myself. Before my favorite cat, Lilia, went astray or missing, we were the three of us in our family. Lilia’s is a long story. A surely long one indeed. I will not describe it here or else I am going to break down and end up weeping and crying without any existing cure or means of relief—or even remedy if you like. 

As I relaxed in my bed that night, my mind wandered back to those glorious moments that I had spent with Alex Ramirez. His appearance, his excellent smile, his spotless-looking olive skin, his pleasing hair, his insane-like-charming eyes, especially during when they were lit up with that blooming glow and brilliance that lighted them up whenever he smiled. Everything about him was to the hilt fascinating and enchanting. Oh yes, it definitely was!

With Alex in my mind, I slept like a newly born baby, pathetically pitiable and feeling unaffected by anything and enveloped in a protective sheet of whole and guarding love. When I broke my eyes open, morning had curtly dawned with the birds chirping and caroling and twittering outside. My custom was as usual. Eat and then wash and finally doll myself up for school. I was not going there to learn. Classes for first year students had not yet began and neither had the results of our interviews come out yet. Meaning that I did not know whether I had been accepted for attendance at the institution or not.

I strolled the library and designing division of the institute like mad. My objective? To find out if there were ample and sufficient Fashion and Design textbooks and property supplies and any other applicable and suitable stuff. There was to my excessive delight and joy. I almost screamed and threw myself down to the floor in madness and paroxysm. That morning was one of the happiest days in my entire life! Yes, I had had my very own fair share of unhappy and broken-hearted days and as such did I not deserve to be entitled, even for a split second, to one fortunate and blessed and happy and prosperous day? In my perspective I sure was qualified for that.

They had a library specifically for those who were studying Fashion and Design here at the institute. A massive and elaborate and well-ornamented library, and not a subdivision or subsection within one large library. They also had a practical hall where there were all sorts of equipment and machinery used in the manufacture and designation of clothes. Sewing machines, knitting machines, designation tools and gadgets. The list and market, sorry, it should be treasure, was this endless and infinite. Everything was there. Not precisely every little bit of thing. For the foremost part, almost everything required was available.

This was how I had dressed up: Blue cotton pants, a blue blouse, white mid-heels, and a gray farther-reaching jacket. I was this immaculate and stainless, but by no means heavily bedecked and ornamented. No, I was not.

While grabbing away from the shelf one F&D textbook, a manful voice, still and low, addressed me from behind. “Morning, sweet angel.”

I turned around as quickly as I could. My eyes stretched wide in endearment and shock, my mouth dropping low, my forehead puckering and creasing up. I was just plain damn shocked and entranced at the same time. Whoowy! Alex was just plain damn…gorgeous and magnetic!

Blue jeans matching my blue cotton pants, and a nice blue-colored denim jacket that to some little extent uncovered the black shirt that he wore inside. These were the clothes that my Alex was garnished in. Point of correction. Simply Alex. He was not yet mine and I was also not yet his. Maybe in the near or far-off future where we both couldn’t see, that would unquestionably come to happen about.

“Alex,” I muttered, seemingly lost and confound. “Alex Ramirez.”

“Sophia Solochi. How are you doing?”

“Fine. I am doing precisely fine.”

“I can see that you are quite occupied in this library. It is so huge and nice-looking, isn’t it?”

“It definitely is. I feel like not stepping my way out of here for all eternity.”

Alex chuckled at that, unmoving his eyes away from me. “You can be quite humorous, you know.”

“Nah-dah! That was just a slight joke; nothing more and nothing less.”

“Would you mind if we go outside. I mean, I have got something to make known unto you.”

I did not hesitate to reply. “Sure.”

What? Was he going to propose to me? What exactly was it that he wanted to get off his chest?
















CHAPTER FOUR: TIMELY

In the abundant sunlight, Alex was so captivating and winning to look at. So, so enticing and fascinating to lay my eyes on. He had a knowing and skilled smile, like that of a gentleman on a charge to propose to his young and fair-looking lady. His eyes glittered with care and desire, his skin coruscating with healthfulness and vigor. He was the most joyous man in the entire world at that moment.

We sat on a lone and deserted bench under the shade of an elevated and majestic-looking tree. Here, I leaned my back down on the hind part of the metallic-made bench and Alex sat right close to me, sloping forward toward me as though he was about to touch and stroke me. His eyes were firm and resolute on me, studying and examining me carefully.

“So,” I began, “What was it that you wanted us to discuss out here?”

“First of all, I want to know everything about yourself.” As he stated this, his eyes un-stirred from me, stern and grave looking.

“Everything about myself?” I asked, bewildered and bemused at the same time.

“Your history, your likes, your dislikes, your habitude and manners. Anything of that sort.”

“Thanks. I now get it. Well, like you know, I am Sophia Solochi. Quiet, companionless, open and sincere and straightforward and uncommonly single and frumpish when provoked and complaisant and well-mannered to people who grant me respect in turn. My history is as follows: 

“I was born in Livingstone on March 23, 2000. At the very dawn and breaking of our freshest century that is. My mother has had no other children besides me. I am her one and only eagle’s egg. I have grown up in numerous and numberless towns. My mom and I are like nomads. We don’t stay in one area for ages unending. Partly due to the work that she does. And also partly due to the fact that we are both people-shrinking. We did have great friends that we would have wanted to spend the rest of our lives with. But life and events are very jealous. They always don’t want you to have that which you would muchly like to own and possess.

“As for what I like, I like simple and straightforward things. Artless things to be precise. Authentic and genuine things. I like everything as long as it is not elaborate and unsophisticated. I like all form of sports. Entertainment. Music. Which does not suggest that I am not selective or discriminative either. I am. If anything I like gets complex and intricate, I will start to dislike it, as I will look upon it to be a very different and dissimilar thing to that which I liked in the first place.

‘”That pointed out, I dislike complex and intricate things.”

“Those were quite heavy words and a detailed list what’s more,” Alex pinpointed.

I sighed as if weary—purporting that I was not. “And what do you like yourself.”

“Anything with a gentlemanly feel and quality to it.”

“Like soccer?”

“Yup. It qualifies among those chain of things.”

“What of those action movies starred by bold and dauntless women? Say Mila Jovovich in the Resident Evil series.”

“Uh…on that one, I like it because of the manly acts and matters in it. The action, high tension, et cetera, et cetera.”

I giggled in amusement and ravishment and Alex smiled gently at me without saying anything.

“How many men have told you that you are beautiful, Sophia?”

I fell quiet and looked at him sternly. He was alarmed, though still at ease and composure. “Sorry. I didn’t hear you correctly.”

“I said how many men have told you that you are beautiful?”

I snuffled, aiming to cackle but falling short. “I don’t know. I don’t know the exact number.”

“They were many in any case, weren’t they?”

“Maybe. Maybe not.”

“You are looking cutie today!”

“Is that all? I mean the reason why you asked me your foregone question?”

“I don’t know. I just threw it off at your feet. Did it offend you?”

“It didn’t.”

“But you look quite the opposite. I mean you look angered and not yourself.”

“I am not angered.”

“You are.”

“Stop teasing me, will you?”

Alex smiled gently and stroked my cheek lightly as he did so. Wow! It felt like…like…like bliss and rapture. As much as I became still and quiet as though I was averse to it, I fancied and craved it like nothing else. It was the most delicate and precious touch in my life. Ever.

“Are you okay?” He asked, having noticed how so quiet and unresponsive I was after a long time.

“I am fine.”

He arranged nicely threads of my hair that had been disordered and messed up by the gushing wind. I liked that too. Even though I did not inform him about it. Being touched by the man that you are lusting after. How many of you know how pleasant and delightful that is? How many of you understand how delirious and light-headed it makes the world around you go?

“What was it that you really wanted to tell me? I am curious to know.”

“How really curious are you?”

“Very, very curious I must specify.” I smiled effortlessly at that, and there Alex sat, enraptured and enchanted with what he saw. He was quiet for a while before he abruptly shook his head and stared at the group of four or so girls that were strolling by past us, cracking jokes and giggling to themselves. They drew away his attention for a little while—no, he was not ogling anyone of them—but then he returned his focus and care and watchfulness back to me shortly afterwards.

The moment he cast his eyes back to me, I was flooded and became overflowing with electrifying and moving emotions of impulsiveness and rashness. In other words, I was so drawn toward him in a manner similar to the friction and dissension existing between electricity and its transmitters. 

“Would you mind if we go on and take a walk? To my friend’s room in the campus that is. Just for a glass of juice or water if you like. It will be brief and momentary, I promise.”

I mused about it for a little while. “Let us go, shall we? I do mind going to drop by this place of your friend’s with you.”

Alex’s smile was brief and well-mannered. “It is my pleasure then.”

“And mine as well, Mr. Ramirez.”

While we walked, Alex’s hand was firm and unshakable on mine. His fingers played and handled mine in such a thrilling and electrifying manner that made it obvious that he as well had a crush on me. Whoohoo! Hurray! Not only was I in love with this boy. He was also in love with me on the other hand. Which assured me that things between us were headed somewhere at least. Oh yes, they were!

We chatted and giggled and stared and smiled as we went on our way. That had some group of guys and girls hovering nearby stop what they were doing and discussing and pay unreserved and unwavering attention to the two of us. The reflection and study of most guys stayed and lingered on me. It disturbed and unsettled some even. It sure did. I glared back at them lamentably and woefully. What was it about us that deserved to garner such kind of attention and watchfulness? What precisely?

At reaching his friend’s door—located on floor ‘Thirteen’ of the ‘Pine’ building—Alex tried it and scowled at discovering that it had been locked up and bolted. He snapped, “Damn,” to himself and then flashed me an apologetic smile. 

“Is there any problem?” I was alarmed and up on my toes in no time—not specifically standing up on my physical toes but immaterial ones as I was in an apprehensive state of nervousness and anxiety.

“No,” Alex quickly replied, granting me another excusatory smile. “All is fine. It is just that Max, Maxwell I mean, has his room locked and kept out of bounds. Don’t worry though. I will ring him up to find out if he is nearby or not. Just give me a second please.”

“No problem.”

I waited. Minutes slipped by. Alex had his phone pressed against his ear in expectancy and assurance. It seemed it was continually ringing with his friend not picking up the call. Who knows, maybe he had his phone kept far away from him? Was it so? I couldn’t tell, and neither could Alex himself.

At long last, Max responded to the call while Alex was lamenting to himself, “Where are you, man?” He immediately added on, “Hey, dude, where art thou?”

There followed silence momentarily. 

“I am at your door right now in the hostel…You are not coming back any moment now? Who are you with?” Alex’s face twitched and jerked. “Fine…I will do just that…Bye then!” The call had reached an ending. Alex towed his phone away from his face and fixed it in his pocket straight away.

“So?” I asked. “Are we waiting for this Maxwell or not?”

“Nope.”

“Nope. Meaning that our plans to relax down and have something cold and sweet have flopped flat, right?”

Alex stepped away toward a pot of flowers and dug up its soil so as to nab away the keys that were lodged and hidden underneath it. I marveled at him. Ooops! It seemed like this Maxwell was quite a master hand and wit-furnished man. Where almost everyone would use the same old and abused trick of hiding keys under flower pots or even door welcoming mats, he had invented another hard-to-crack game to hide keys in the soil of…flower pots. Wasn’t that being intelligent and brainy? Yes, it without doubt was!

I breathed out in relaxation as Alex unopened the door. He invited me in and I walked in first before him, elegantly and refinedly. Wow! The room was this spacious and extensive and cleanly swept and orderly. Not what I was expecting it to be given that it was a man who stayed in here. It was nothing dirty or filthy or despicable. No!

There were pictures clipped to the wall of a darkly-skinned man with light brown hair just like mine, but very coiled and very short, and he what’s more had amber-dark colored eyes like a drunkard’s during a photo shoot and he also had a very huge and winningly cute smile. In some pictures, this same man was photographed with a very cute but indigenous-looking young lady.

At noticing how so entranced and interestingly overwhelmed I had become with the photos, Alex illustrated, blinking his eyes instantaneously, “That is my best friend, Maxwell. The lady you were eyeing a second ago is Adelaide Libati. His girlfriend.”

“What is Maxwell’s last name itself?”

“Maxwell Madalitso.” 

I smiled unwillingly. “From the Eastern side of the country that is?”

“Sure.”

“They are a good-looking couple. They suit each other perfectly well and faultless.”

The moment I said that, Alex stared at me, smiling and grinning in pleasure. His eyes seemed to express: And so will we fit as well. A perfect and ideal couple, Sophia. We will be one too.

Ooooohhhh! Alex’s goodly smile flattered and coaxed me. That was what it did. It knocked and rang my conscious to an almost sleep-like state and it blew away all my restraint and stay to gawk at him as I felt like. My God! This man was so, so, so good-looking. I adored him not for that alone. Everything he did and said, it blew me to bits powerlessly and effectively. What? What kind of emotions and feelings were these that I was now experiencing? Was it real and sincere and honest and pure love? Was it indeed?

“Have a seat, will you?” Alex offered.

I smiled generously. “Thank you.”

Following that, he disappeared off into the kitchen. I heard him humming and miming and caroling and warbling to himself from in there. Hmmnnn! What a great and talented singer he was! One that would become even more polished and accomplished if he rehearsed and practiced more. Oh yes, he would.

For the first time ever, I wondered if Alex was not toying as it pleased him with my emotions and feelings. Wasn’t he up to playing knick-knack and bauble-like gimmick with me? Wasn’t all that he wanted from me solely sex and then dump me in the very end like an abused and misused doll? I knew men quite well. But not very much fully and considerably. Who knew, his intentions could be good, or bad in any case. Who knew?

Those thoughts had me get worried and unsettled. I became so uncomfortable and disquieted after weighing everything. In all my life, I had not enjoyed sex up until now. In all my life, I had not been ill-used and perverted by any man. In all my life, I had not been deceived and hurt tremendously by someone of the contrary sex. And by giving myself to Alex, wasn’t I just about to drop carelessly that long-preserved shield of mine and make myself vulnerable to all kinds of disasters and misfortunes and calamities?

I did not notice Alex walk over to me with a tray of two glasses of juice and fried eggs and bread until after he had mouthed to me the words, “What is distracting you in that pretty little mind of yours?”

I gulped instantly and stared up at him, blinking to my senses and notion and soundness all of  a sudden. “Sorry. I was just…musing about a few number of things. They are not that serious or alarming either. They are not.”

Alex shrugged, lodging the tray he was carrying on the table before me. He sat on a sofa overlooking mine so as to come face to face with me. I looked straight into his eyes, quiet and subdued. And he looked back at me, happy and gladdened. “Is there anything you would like to state?” He asked me.

“Nope.” I shook my head methodically. “Nothing at all.”

His gaze was lengthened and protracted on me before he abruptly jerked his head left and right sprightly and gawked directly at the tray between us. “Let us eat, shall we? I will first offer a prayer before we touch the plates or the glasses of juice themselves.”

Alex’s prayer was pleasingly sweet and short. As he prayed, I was tempted to open my eyes and peek at the motion and vibration of his handsome-shaped lips. Damn it! How could such a suggestion come about into my unsuspicious mind? Anyway, I didn’t do that. No way! That was not my thought or suggestion either…but a demon’s. Yes, it was what I suspected it to be. Oopsie!

I ate slowly and unhurriedly. Alex ate steadily and observantly to how I was eating. His expression was dull-like and laughable. Like he had lost train of his thoughts or something of that sort.

When a piece of egg I was about to eat missed my mouth and jabbed my left cheek together with the company of my fork, he acted quickly and wiped it away with the napkin that hung down his chest, fitted somewhere to the collar of the shirt he was putting on. After he had cleared the chopped egg and its tarnishments off my cheek, he looked at me abstractedly and dreamingly-like. I had to clear my throat momentarily to draw his attention and watchfulness away from me. He did not hesitate to do so.

A few minutes later we were through with the eating. Alex had cleared the table and even washed and wiped clean the dishes, without my assistance or aid of course. He would not let me raise a finger or do a thing. Yes, he would not let me do any little bit of work.

He afterwards showed me photos that we had taken the previous day at the cafeteria named Sam’s Lobelia. My goodness! The photos were so …exquisite and graceful. I wanted to keep some to myself but Alex would not let me own or have any. Just for my eyes to feast on in the privacy of my bedroom and my mind to ruminate on whenever I felt like casting a glance on them. 

We were just the two of us. Lovely and adorable and posing in unlike styles of our choices. Alex posed manfully and mildly and I myself posed deliciously luscious. Uhmnnn! It was like seeing photos of angels in heaven! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Don’t take my word as the veritable gospel. I am just saying.

Alex was fascinating and becharming. And I was this amiable but refined. 

“What do you think?” Alex asked.

I sighed, doing my best to be as truthful and sincere as I could. “Well, you came out adorable and charming…I don’t like the way I looked. Maybe a different and well-thought pose would have been first-rate and appropriate.”

“C’mon. Why do you have to say that? You are beautiful and lovely in those pictures.”

“You don’t get what I am saying here, do you?”

“Oh yes, I do, baby.”

Sh*t! Did I hear Alex call me baby? I pretended that I had not. “The problem is not how normal I look, but rather how I was posing in these photos. All of my posing is unfit and unsuitable I must say.”

“I disagree with you?”

“You do? Let us say that you are aware that that is the exact truth but you won’t confess it just to make me feel better about it.”

“Look, Sophia, I am not telling untruths to you here.”

“Whatever.”

“I give up. You are too stubborn to believe me, aren’t you?”

I scowled at him. “Alex!”

He made a face in turn, staring down. “Let us put an end to this debate of ours, shall we?”

I concurred, “Agreed.”

I was liking Alex more each moment that I spent with him. In his presence, I was so galvanized and so drawn away that I could not focus on anything else. That was also true with him. We were, as what I would describe, this seriously attracted and drawn to each other. Both physically and immaterially. That was what we were.

At sundown that day, Alex walked me to my car at the university. It was dark and gloomy overheard us, like it would rain, but I fathomed and calculated that it would not. Oh yes, it seemingly wouldn’t. Whoa-h! I would be glad if the clouds would reserve the rain for the night. I liked to sleep while it was raining. I liked to fall asleep with the drizzling and plummeting showers hitting down on the roof of our house. I relished in that.

Alex held my hands gently and mindfully. He squeezed and crushed them even, but not painfully. His hands were so warm and strong-built that they felt like a shield which I could not afford to fall upon anywhere. As he looked at me mildly and innocently, I smiled down at him for one ephemeral moment and he smiled back, his lips being loving and tender.

“Thank you for everything,” I told him.

He did not quit smirking right that instant. “You are welcome. When am I going to see you again? I have enjoyed your company, you know. And I would like us to meet and interact and also have fun another time. What do you say?”

I hung my mouth open happily, intensely delighted and overjoyed. “I would relish passing by time with you. But that must be on a day that you are free and unoccupied. When will that be?”

“How about Sunday the 24th. In the afternoon that is. At three o’clock. You can come over and have dinner here at Max’s with me.”

“Will that be fine with him? Maxwell?”

“Of course. He would be very glad to meet you. I told him about you already. That we are friends who came across each other in the course of one bad event.”

“Sharp then. No disputes, no problems.”

“That is fantastic.”

“Bye then.”

“Goodbye, Sophia.”

For the proceeding hours of that day, I did not forget the sweetly pleasant smile that Alex allotted me as I took my leave in my car. It was the most enravishing and winning smile ever. Oh my! I was head over heels in love with this gentlemen. But hang on a moment, was he already in a relationship and commitment with another woman? Hmmnnn! I had not given it any thought until now. I recoiled from any likely answers. It didn’t matter that much. In our day and age where men prowl about and womanize as they feel like, what is to be expected? Cheating and hoodwinking, of course! No doubt he already had a girlfriend. He was good-looking besides. Any girl would drool at his mere presence and throw herself down at his feet if he happened to get near her. She would stalk him non-stop either, just to wait for that glorious opportunity to be introduced to him and make all necessary advancements required to become his woman. Of course, he was in a relationship with WHO KNOWS. I didn’t give a damn. If I were also to be in love with him or just about anyone, I had to learn the get-rich-fast rules to this so-called juggle-and-sham-and-ensnare game. Or else I would die a lonesome virgin for the rest of my life with no virgin and free man to happen on. Except when I would date and go out with a still innocent and lawful two-year-old that had never laid eyes on porn thanks to the influence and sway of his already perverted and promiscuous friends.

At home, while cooking in the kitchen, I ‘googled’ on my phone:

Possible Signs That He is Presently in No Relationship

The results were astounding. I was replied with hoards and hosts of contra-distinct responses, most of which made no any significance or soundness to the topic that I had posed. I considered asking Kris about it but then shrank away from accomplishing that. I couldn’t let her know that I was seeing some particular boy. NO! It would totally wreck everything for me. For now, my fling with Alex had to be a secret I would not divulge to her.

Where was all this going? Was Alex and I really meant to spend all our earthly days remaining together? Had God meant us for each other? Or would our affair end up just like my previous ones…awful and catastrophic? I had no clue or slight idea.

That night in my bed, while I lay with my eyes settled on the dark ceiling above me, I wondered whom Alex was calling tonight. Which lady? Was she extremely beautiful? Even more good-looking than I was? Did he truly and whole-heartedly love her? Even more than he loved me myself? Was she the one and only true love of his life? Or was she some girl who he was just sporting and playing score-the-ball-into-the-goal-post with? 

What precisely? What?

Friday, just like any other day, was boring and delightful and burdensome and cumbersome. I had to keep myself quite busy to avoid the pain and reflection that brought ache and misery in my current life and heart altogether. My own life. It had been and still was a whole load and heap of mess and adversity. If only there was one work-quick knick-knack relief.

I regretted having neglected to take Alex’s number. I needed to at least hear his voice just to be fully alive and cheerful. Whom was he spending time with in his free time? Maxwell or the other lady? Or even both of them?

Alex’s absence to me was torment and annoyance at the same time. I gave word to myself. That very day that I would meet him, I swore, I was going to embrace and cuddle and squeeze him tightly so as to never let him go. Yes, I would do all that. And much more if appropriate. 














CHAPTER FIVE: THE DEADLY UNKNOWNS

Friday morning at around eight thirty—with my mom, Kris Ortiz having gone out to some supermarket located within an hour driving distance half an hour past—I was sweeping our living room with a vacuum cleaner when the well-installed telephone rang all of a sudden and I rushed to it on hasty and inconsiderate feet. Fortunately enough, I did not trip down to the floor beneath. I didn’t. I arrived at it just in time to grab the cold receiver and place it against my ear. I almost froze to stillness and immobility!

“Hi, sweet angel.”

That was Alex Ramirez without a doubt. Alex? How had he gotten my number, I mean our telephone number?

“Ale-lex,” I stuttered, lost of any words or thoughts. What? What was this?

“Sophia, how have you been doing since we last saw each other that other day?”

“Fine, I must say.” I wanted to add that I missed him, but then I did not. I didn’t regret my choice later on.

He breathed out. “It is good to find out.”

“And you? How have you been doing yourself?”

“Fine, just like you, I must specify.”

“How did you fall upon this number?”

“I discovered in the telephone directory. The one for Zamtel. It had your address and contact details enlisted inside there.”

Whoops! How could I forget that I had disclosed my mother’s name to him? Kris Ortiz. And he could have easily used it to trace the address of our residential area in that enormous and big green-colored book marked ‘2018.’ Yes, that was what he had precisely done! For sure.

“Are you alright, baby?” Alex asked.

Sh*t! Was that ‘baby’ that I had just heard? This was the second time Alex had called me by that title. Baby. I liked it. It was sweet-sounding and heavenly-like and furthermore flattering. “Yes, I am fine, Alex. I really am.”

“I wish I was there with you to verify it for myself.”

That had me chuckle and giggle. Oh my! Alex and his witty side! I laughed and cackled up and burst into tears until I almost passed out for lack of necessitous strength. “You are just joking, aren’t you?”

“No, I am not.”

“That is what it seems. Anyway, where art thou?”

“Thou meanest me, doeth not you?”

“Exactly, my liege, I doth meanest thee indeed and not anyone-th else besides thee.”

“Very well answered then. I am at the varsity, about to labor-eth mine way or to walk into mine first class. The lecturer or tutor hath not yet arrived and hence I hath decided to ring a bell on thy door. Thy telephone I do mean by this, my beloved.”

“My liege, I appreciate thine sincerest efforts with all my heart and soul. Thank thee so much!”

“Thou art welcome, my meek and unpretentious princess.”

“That was excellent, Alex. I mean…it was so breath-taking and stupefying. You have blown me to bits.”

“I didn’t think I would be able to handle it.”

“Serious?”

“Serious. I miss your company and presence, Sophia.”

“I miss you too.”

“You don’t say, do you?”

“I mean what I say, my liege. That is the absolute and veritable truth. It sure is.”

“Hey, baby, bye for now. The tutor is in…I will call you later before you sleep, I promise. What time do you go to bed?”

“Any time before ten but after nine.”

“Sharp. Till then. Bye!”

“Bye, Alex.”

That was it. He hung up and I stood with the receiver grasped against my ear as though he would call me another time shortly afterwards. He didn’t. And it was what I was precisely expecting.

Alex. I loved him. So much than I even realized myself. His name was chiseled and engraved on my heart in shimmering and sparkling letters of stainless and unblemished love. At just the thought of his name, my heart skipped up and down in merriment, my soul inspirited and stimulated to live for minutes more continued. This was a man whom I would kill and die for.

He called me; he called me. Yes, he did!

Squirming and dancing excitedly, I skipped my way up and down, assured and confident that the two of us seemed to have a better and good future ahead of us. That was what it seemed at that precise moment. Alex, my love!

I waited that night, restless and sleepless. Alex was going to call. He was going to call. In the comfort and warmth of my bed, I sat still, relaxed with a telephone grasped and held in my hand. I was impatient to receive that very much awaited and desired call of mine. Each passing second seemed like a century and a minute a millennium. 

What? Was he calling? Or was he on phone with that other woman of his? 

I made a face. I wasn’t the only one on his heart and mind it seemed. There was someone else. Someone beautiful and clear-sighted, who I was now competing with—it appeared. Who could she be? The type of girl that drew men like nuts and kept them all to herself? Or someone who was timid and shrinking and easily embarrassed like I myself was in some way? I couldn’t tell up until I had met her and spent a few minutes studying and interacting with her.

The clock was ticking and tocking. Tick-tock! Tick-tock! I counted to ten. Then fifty. Then hundred. Alex had not yet called. Where in the world was he? Was he still alive and breathing? He had to be…I mean I didn’t want him to die so soon and leave me all by myself. I didn’t want that to happen.

Like a dying candle flame does, my hopes began to shrink and wane out, flickering faint and more faint quickly with each passing moment. Just when it had completely waned and sunk deep into the blue, I collapsed down on my bed, helpless and incurable, and it was in that moment that Alex called and rang me up.

I didn’t want to answer the phone at first. I eventually forced myself to do it. “Alex.” Like I felt, my voice was weakly-like and faint. The exact kind of emotions I was experiencing.

He was immediately alarmed and terrified. “Sweet angel, are you fine? You sound shaky and unhealthy.”

“I am perfectly fine.” My voice was gaining vigor and stamina as I went on. “Perfectly fine indeed.”

“I trust so. Sorry I called you up a little bit too late than you were assuredly awaiting.”

Yeah…you were with that unknown or even nameless bitch of yours, weren’t you? As much as I craved to mouth the words out, I did not accomplish it. That would have been rude and ungraceful, don’t you think?

“Hey, are you there, Sophia?”

“Yes, Alex, I can clearly hear you.”

“I can’t wait for Saturday to come. I have got a little surprise in store for you.”

“A surprise for me?” That buoyed up my spirits. 

“Yes. And I hope that you will like it.”

Sh*t! My curiosity and restlessness had already been aroused and they could no longer be stayed or held back. “I hope so too. Would you care to let out just a little bit of information with regards to the nature and quality of this product?”

“You are trying to bribe me into disclosing every little bit of a thing about it, aren’t you, baby?”

That word—baby—it transported me off into heaven in the flitting of a millisecond. “I am not. I am just asking for a little bit of revelation. That’s all.”

“I am sorry to disappoint you. I am not telling you anything about it.”

“I am alright with that. So what are you presently doing? Where are you by the way?”

“Home. With my dad and brother and sister. I am in my room right now, carrying out some little bit of studies.”

“Which means that you are a loner, aren’t you? Don’t you ever study with your friends?”

“I do. But I often do like private moments like this to sift and weigh and ruminate things on my own. What about you? How do you study? The loner way or the conversazionistic one or maybe both?”

“I prefer the loner one more. But at times I do lean more on the conversazionistic way of doing things.”

“How is family?”

“Fine, I should say.”

“And your boyfriend?”

“Boyfriend? How did you know that I have got a boyfriend?”

“I don’t know. I just guessed things correctly, I assume. He has a name that goes like Winston or anything close to that, doesn’t he?”

“You are wrong. My current boyfriend is nameless and non-existent.”

“Too bad, I should say.”

“Too good, don’t you think?”

“Mayhap.”

“And how is your girlfriend herself? Sheila or what is that name of hers?”

“Ella. Ella Un-existing.” Alex giggled at saying that. 

I giggled too. “How is Ella by the way?”

“Fine, I must say.”

“What does she do?”

“She is about to enter her first year of varsity. In Brownton here that is.”

“At which college.”

“Brownton University.”

“How old is she anyway?”

“Eighteen years or nineteen, I surmise.”

I did not know what to reply to that. I processed everything that he had described. Ella Un-existing. About to enter her first year of varsity. In Brownton here that was. And aged eighteen or nineteen years old, he surmised. These depictions and portraits suited me perfectly well to some degree, didn’t they? They sure did. It seemed that I was this Ella Un-existing. Wait a second! Was I qualified enough to be Alex’s girlfriend so soon? I had queries on that one.

“Sweet angel, are you still there?”

“Yup! I am listening.”

“Your silence. It bothered me.”

“I am sorry. I was just thinking about something else trivial and of little significance. Don’t mind me.”

The call was over thirty minutes later. Alex and I talked and prattled about all sort of things imaginable. Latest gossip, newest news and affairs, and most importantly, things that had a romantic and fantastically wild side to them. By the time the call had ended, I was so exhausted and spent that I fell into sleep straight away without any delaying or detainment.

Saturday was the usual. Occupied and nimble and serviceable. As the day wore on, I could not get Alex out of my mind no matter what it was that I tried to undertake. He was up there in my conscious, taunting and scoffing me. You cannot get rid of me; you cannot get rid of me. These words he voiced over and over to my extreme anger and madness. What was it with him and my peace and composure?

Before I slept that night, I jotted down in my diary:

I am in love with a boy. A boy named Alex. He is not a small boy in real life. Just a big and mature boy that I enjoy dubbing a small lover boy here in my diary. He is Alex Ramirez. The breath of my soul; the love of my life; the fire of my passion. Alex, I love you—wherever you are, whatever you are doing. I love you, my boy!

That Saturday night, he did not call me. I missed his voice. Just the way it sounded and reverberated. I missed every inch of him so much, just as much as I felt lack and want of his sweet-sounding and winning voice. I couldn’t wait for Sunday to dawn.

Sunday morning came stealthily and silently. I did not realize that it had dawned until after I had awoke up from my drawn-out sleep and snapped my eyes fully open.  Sunlight flooded my room, overflowing even and enlightening up every dark corner that existed. The weather itself, just like the air, was presumably warm but strangely damp and sprinkly.

Kris was not going to spend the entire day home. She left quite early at sharply seven and avowed to return by the strike of eight thirty. In the night that was. Hip-hip-hurray! I had all the house and time in the world and movement and liberty to myself. I could see Alex anytime from one in the afternoon all the way up till eight in the night. Cool!

With Kris gone to visit The Mwabas who were hosting their son’s wedding in a nearby town, I transformed and turned our house into a beauty parlor. On the sofas in the living room were dresses and stockings and belts and mirrors and combs and make-ups. Everything imaginable but strictly girlish. It was there, lying collected and undisturbed.

Whoa! I spent hours and hours that morning working and sweating as hard as I could to bring a lovely and un-violent swan out of the monstrous and unsightly fierce baboon that I was. I tried this and that make-up without an ending, then that lipstick and that other one, then that dress and that one, maybe iron it this way and that other style, maybe wear it on with these kind of shoes or those other ones, maybe keep it on with this belt or that one, perhaps style my long hair this way or arrange it that contrary manner.

Four hours later, I stood before the mirror as this ravishing and quiescent-looking angel. Wow! The parlor had successfully worked. I was as beautiful as I could possibly imagine. Excellent! Alex was going to collapse the instant he would see me. I would put on him a heavy and incurable marvel-at-me-without-a-stop sort of spell. After all, the key and lock-opener to a man’s heart was his eyes, or wasn’t it? I bet so.

I chose not to go out in my car. By the way, mind you, I did not eat anything at all—not since last night. Not even a glass of juice or a slice of bread or cheese or anything that you can think of. I didn’t feel hungry or starved so as to compel myself into devouring anything. All about me was frustration and joy and excitement and impatience. 

I took a cab to Brownton University instead. It streaked and cantered its way there in just thirty minutes. And before I was prepared for it, I was there, standing before Maxwell’s door and debating whether I should proceed to knock on it or not to. I first waited and examined my dressing. A pretty and embellished green-colored dress with sparkling and shimmering upper-sited buttons that seemed to be modeled from a diamond-like substance. Black stockings that shaped and followed my legs well and excellently. Black shoes that were polished and shiny. And lastly my hair—it was designed and framed into lovely and adorable curls that reached somewhere mid my back. Well, this was agreeable and neat, wasn’t it? I thought so.

Boopsie! I knocked hard on Maxwell’s door and waited momentarily. I was about to batter a second knock when the door unexpectedly opened and there Alex appeared before me, dazzling and razmattazing in a black and neatly immaculate suit. Wow! He was so good-looking and overwhelmingly handsome. Sh*t! Didn’t this man deserve to be acknowledged as the world’s most nice-looking man? In my view and opinion, he definitely was!

“Al-lex,” I stuttered, bombarded into tiniest shreds and bedazzled like I had been paid an unexpected visit by a guest from the world above—the heavenly abode that is—home to angles and seraphs and cherubs and all the like. 

“Good afternoon, Sophia,” he greeted me with a warm and kindly smile.

I smiled back, “Good afternoon, Alex.”

“You look stunning,” he commented, smirking and smiling non-stop at me, “Or rather beautiful I should say.”

“Thank you so much. You are the most handsome man in the world this afternoon.”

“You think so.”

“I believe so.”

“Thanks. I appreciate your honey-like and sincere words. Come in, will you? You are very much welcome here. Feel at home please.”

I stepped in. Alex closed the door behind and then followed me shortly. He directed me to my seat, where I instantaneously and obligingly settled down. He then fetched me a glass of juice, which I did not delay to swig down in his presence and observation. (Not connoting that he looked at me sternly and intensely so as to provoke and stimulate me into any likely outraged action.)

“Is Maxwell around?” I asked while sipping the pineapple juice.

“He is. You will see him shortly. He was taking a shower a while ago and he is now changing clothes in his room.”

“How did you guys meet? You haven’t related the history of your friendship to me, or did you at one point or another? I cannot remember if you did.”

“No, I haven’t yet made known to you about how the two of us came across each other. It’s a long story though, which for now I will sum up to you if you don’t take offence at me.”

“I don’t.”

“Good. Maxwell is in his fourth year of studying Medicine. He aspires to become a professional doctor in the near future. It has always been his dream and goal. Just like he dreamt and aimed at being a student here at Brownton. It was here that we met and knew each other. I used to work part-time in the coffee shop a few walks down the street, where he was and still is a trustworthy and unfailing client. We would chat at the counter, watch soccer matches when there were any, make arrangements for him to have coffee on credit and later on pay for it, and stuff like that. That was how we became friends. The university and coffee shop brought us together.”

“You no longer work there, do you?”

“I don’t.”

“How long was your job there?”

“Six or seven months before I stopped and went on to fully concentrate on my studies.” 

At that point in time, while we were passing by time and discussing, Maxwell stepped his way into the herculean room from a seemingly broad room with claret curtained walls that I partly saw. He was tall and well-built and dark-skinned with an almost bald head that had clipped, short hair on it. For the moment he had on pitchy-colored jeans and a white but stripped in blue-lines shirt. A cleanly and un-smirched shirt in concise words. He smelled sugary and lovely. Yes, he had by all means and likelihood put on perfume. That is what I suspected.

“Maxwell, meet my new friend here, Sophia Solochi,” Alex addressed him. “And Sophia Solochi, please meet my favorite pal, Maxwell Madalitso.”

We shook and swapped warm-hearted smiles. Maxwell was handsome just like his most believed pal who was Alex without a doubt.

“How are things with you?” He—Maxwell—queried.

“Sound and satisfactory.”

“That is good to find out. I am highly and frankly pleased to learn about that.”

“I appreciate that.”

Alex placed a loving hand over my shoulder and down my arm; he caressed and stroked my naked arm tenderly. “What is your say, Maxwell?” He spoke. “Don’t Sophia and I fit each other? In the pair-and-bond-as-a-couple sort of way that is? What do you think?”

Maxwell laughed merrily. “Yeah…yeah! You are a perfect match. What is your view, Sophia?”

I merely shrugged, uplifting my eyebrows. “I have no objections. That is all.”

Maxwell winked at Alex—a symbol of some intercourse that was going on between the two of them. I noticed it belatedly. And stared at Alex in the eyes. He simply arched his lips into a delighted smile. I stared back at Maxwell. He was still and un-stirring.

 Maxwell was kind and tender-hearted and brotherly. At least to me that was what he was. I liked him from that first moment. In some ways, he was a better talker and people-entertainer than Lex himself. Or Alex if you care so much for the divulgence of his full name. All the moments I spent in Maxwell’s presence were so delightful and diverting that I felt like wanting to chat and relish in his company for time without an end. He charmed and treated and pleased and amused me in such a lively and yet satisfying manner. What else could I want? What more than that?

Unfortunately, Max did not spend much time with us. He went his way out to the library—he personally admitted it himself—leaving me and Lex by ourselves. Now was another moment for romance-related scenes and situations. Oh…oh!

While I had my mind and attention fixed on the television screen before me, Alex took out his gift and presented it to me. I was lost of any words or saying. My God! Was it what he had particularly bought and secured for me? It was too soon to tell, wasn’t it?

“Is this for me, Alex?”

“Yes, baby, I bought if for you exclusively.”

“I myself?”

“You and no one else, baby.”

Sh*t! Was it appropriate and agreeable to say ‘no’ to the gift? I did not consider so.

“What? Won’t you take it?”

“I will.” My response was a delighted and ravished one.

“Then go ahead and take it. It is all yours.”

I breathed out and took it. In my hands, my very own hands, I embraced the gift and looked down at it with tears trickling their way out of my eyes. My cheeks became wet and damp in no time. I enjoyed the pain and electrifying sensuality that came along with weeping and crying. What? What was it that was having me cry and snivel this way? I didn’t know. I didn’t care about the cause and agent of these emotions nevertheless. 

Alex’s gift was lovely and amazing. It was wrapped in a thick and shimmering pink plastic. Yeah. The exact color that was known to be comprehensively feminine and maidenly! I loved its womanish and effeminacy appearance. What could be inside there in any case?

“Open it,” he directed me.

I did as he counseled. 

My goodness! A watch. Not a manly and virile-deigned-to-suit one! But a ladylike watch that was colored pink just like the piece of plastic it was enwrapped in with a womanish feel and touch and stroke to it. Goodness! This was absolutely hilarious and first-rate!

“Alex…” I trailed off into silence.

He looked at me, his eyes bewitched and entranced. “Yes, baby.”

“Alex…”

Our eyes locked and tied on each other’s. “Yes, baby, I am listening.”

“Alex…”

“Say what you want to say, my sweet angel. I am all ears, even right now. Oh yes, I am.”

“How much did you buy this?”

“I bought it for you alone.”

“I know. It looks expensive and first-rate even. For what price did you nab it for me?”

“Sorry, baby, but I am not revealing that to you.”

“You are not.”

“Yes, I am not.”

Steadily and composedly, he stirred his hand to my face and slowly and carefully stroked my cheek and hair behind me. I did not protest against it. I sat still, enjoying and reveling in it to the last gratification and delight of it. His touch was like fire on my flesh—like an aflame match stick that had been chucked off into a pool of diesel or petrol. It set up my entire body in rhythmical flares and flamings of fire, fire which blazed and burned, burning deep into my flesh and furthermore melting my bones in one pleasuring and satisfying manner. I was burning with lust and covet for him.

In any case, he let go off me and withdrew away circumspectly and collectedly as possibly and easily as he could. Then he stared at me, voiceless and expressionless. What would happen next? I wondered.

“You don’t seem prepared to do this, are you?” He asked gently and kindly. 

“You mean like we have sex?”

“We make love, Sophia, and not just have any peculiar and unnatural sex?”

“No. It is too early don’t you think for us to venture into that kind of affair?”




















CHAPTER SIX: THE KELPIES’ TALE

I opposed to having sex with Alex. And boy, did I regret it—you may wonder—later on? I didn’t. It was the best decision that I had ever made. Yes. Sleeping with him might have wrecked and shattered things for us too soon. It might have imperiled and jeopardized our relationship what’s more. Which I did not want to see come about.

Without saying any word, Alex got up and walked out of the room, leaving me sitted still and quietly all by myself. What? Had I done anything wrong in saying ‘no’ to making love with him here in Maxwell’s lodging? Was there anything strange and out of the ordinary with that? Was there?

I bit my lip, scowling and rolling my eyes sleeplessly and uneasily. What had I just done? Damn it!

He turned back into the room a while later. He seemed self-possessed and collected, unlike when he had left looking provoked and furious. Was that what men always did when you felt like not doing anything sexual-related with them? Was that how they behaved and reacted to a woman’s negative response? Was that it?

I pursed my lips in fury in return and stared away from him. He sat down next to me and took my hand in his, going on to caress and fondle my arm gently and smoothly. “Look, Sophia, I am sorry,” he muttered lowly. “It was unthinking and stupid of me to suggest that to you. We can consider doing it another time. I am sorry. Do you understand?”

I stared at him and softened my hard and bitter expression. “I get it.”

“Smile for me, baby, will you?”

I forced myself to do it.

That intensely pleased him and had him smiling back and laughing quietly to himself. “Have you forgiven me now?”

“Yes, baby, I have.”

Wow! My first time calling him ‘baby’! Hurray! That was absolutely fantastic and hilarious. What an agreeing and fitting love pair we were slowly but assuredly becoming!

Late that afternoon, we walked and strolled our way freely and eagerly in the still lounging park at the university. There were a countless high-reaching trees with benches and students settled on them beneath, as well as some who were lounging down on neat and sullied pieces of cloth enjoying their picnic and relaxation. 

“This is nice,” I notified Alex as we advanced our way steadily and unhurriedly.

He looked mildly at me. “I am pleased to hear that you like it out here.”

“I definitely do; I wish I could spend the rest of my life in a quiet and unoccupied place like this one.”

“You do?”

“I very much do.”

He giggled lightsomely. “Would you like to watch the sun set with me here in this quiet and trouble-free fortress?”

“They say never say never.”

“Which I must take for a ‘yes’, right?”

“Precisely.”

Having stopped and overlooking me, he stretched out his hand to me, and I took it immediately and readily. He then led me away into the mass and assemblage of trees, well-manneredly and courtly.

Alex and I watched the sun sink down the sky with circumspect and wary eyes. It was a lovely scene and sighting. Lovely like eyeing the roses as they bloom and sprawl to life, clothed and in every way imaginable endowed with naturally-attired belle and comeliness. Alex inclined his back against a tree, his legs stretched out and extended, and I sat down calmly and carefully so as to lean and place myself over his powerfully-built chest. He had his hands wrapped and intertwined across my chest. 

Everything here was beautiful. The sighting of the setting sun above, the collecting of trees enclosing us, the people who were settled and walking not very far away from us, the birds twittering and caroling in the elevated trees. It was all blissful and blithe-filled.

“Alex?”

“Yes.”

“What is your talent?”

“My talent?”

“You heard me right.”

“Painting and art.”

I breathed out.

“Why did you ask?”

“I was wondering if you would be able to paint me myself and the setting sun above me on an exquisite place like this one. Can you be able to accomplish that?”

“I sure can. When would you want me to fulfill this promise?”

“I don’t know. When do you think that you can do it?”

“Next Sunday, I should say.”

“Fine then.”

“That is all you want?”

“For now, yes, it is.”

“Ocke-doke.”

By nine thirty, I was home. Kris would be back home in an hour from now or so. I didn’t cook anything. No. At that wedding where she had attended, she must surely have furnished and gorged herself with all varieties of food imaginable. There was no point in cooking for her…or myself either. I ate the pizza and drank the coke that I had brought with me home and then quickly cleaned up the mess I had left this morning and washed myself in the bathroom lastly to put on clean and pink-colored pajamas. It was preferable to have Kris find me on the brink of retiring to bed, which is what precisely happened.

Phew! I was tired like heck and strengthless like an overworked donkey when Kris got back home at spot-on ten to eight. I exchanged a few greeting words and kindly smiles and dearest hugs with her before I eventually stepped my way off into my room to collapse and pass out on my bed. Not passing out as in fainting. But passing out as in dropping off to sleep and dreaming and snoring—who knew if I snored or not. I didn’t!

Monday morning came quickly and unexpectedly. I had a lot to do on that particular day. Scrubbing floors and polishing them, unpacking loads and piles of cardboard boxes, installing gigantic-sized picture frames to the walls in the hallway or passages, washing four kilograms weighted clothes in the washing machine, then purifying and purging the dirt-stained dishes from the other night that were piled and amassed up in the sink, then scrub spotless the bath tub and toilet and kitchen sink and stove and cabinets, then go to the market and buy three-days worth of vegetables and relish and groceries. There was so much more to this. Kris tended and worked on the vegetable garden, then planted flowers and watered them with the utility of a horse-pipe, then set up and framed and painted in consummate white our wooden fence, then cut the overgrown and enormous hedge on the other side of our house, then climbed up on the shabby roof of our house and swept and cleaned it, then unpacked to pack and arrange nicely the stuff and things in her own room. It was a heavy and tiresome day to each one of the two of us. It surely and unquestionably was.

While we had lunch in our small-sized dining room, she proposed, “How about us going shopping this afternoon, sweetheart? What do you say?”

I sighed out from frustration and exhaustion. “I am so tired and jaded, mother.”

“Come on, it will be fine and enjoyable, I promise.”

“Really?”

“I give my word. You have not more than ten reasonable-priced items to pick.”

Never say never, remember. Taking to mind this statement, I did not say ‘no’ or ‘never’ to the clothes shopping program. It sure was the hell lot of fun just like Kris promised. I enjoyed every little bit of it. Yes, I did! We left in Kris’ red-colored Nissan Dultex. Four-doored with headlights and taillights that could be unsheathed or sheathed and manufactured to brag a speed limit of three hundred miles per hour. Inside the car, Kris sat in black jeans and a zebra-like stripped top and a loose and very thick jacket and black canvas shoes and I myself on the other hand was attired in a scarlet dress that extended slightly above my knees. Enwrapping my feet were white and strapped high-heels.

The Nissan sped swiftly and nimbly. Kris tuned on the radio and put on sunglasses over her eyes, ones that were dark brown in color—an ideal match and correspondence to her brown hair. She fetched a bar of chocolate from her handbag and handed it over to me. 

“Thanks,” I mouthed out and ate it rapaciously. Chocolate was my favorite. “We haven’t talked much about how Christopher Mwaba’s wedding went yesterday, or have we?”

She glanced at me momentarily. “No, we have not.”

“How did things go there?”

“Fine. A scandal occurred as we were about to split up back to our diverging homes.”

“What sort of scandal?”

“It had a lot to do with Matildah—Christopher’s bride, I do mean. Some skinny and senseless-looking young man showed up just after they had wedded and claimed to be her prior and most recent boyfriend. He threatened that Christopher shouldn’t marry her on grounds that she was carrying his pregnancy, which she was presently planning to miscarry or abort. The man was so angry and fierce-looking that he almost threw every little bit of thing lodged on the tables down to the floor.”

“Too bad. Anyway was everything he said true and genuine?”

“He couldn’t prove a word he said. No wonder I have dubbed him foolish and weak-minded.”

I though things over for a little while. My mind flew its way into the farther future when Alex and I would wed. Was someone going to show up at our wedding with schemes and plans to destroy and wreck unpityingly our marriage? Without a doubt, yes. In this life it does not matter how good and sincere you are. You will always have rivals and wolves-dolled-up-in-sheep’s-clothing people who will not rest or jab a brake until they have seen you utterly and comprehensively destroyed and no more. And as long as one lives, he or she must confront and war with such kind of people.

“So how did you feel yesterday? I mean at the wedding. You were there celebrating the marriage of your friend, all conscious and aware that your own daughter will never be able to walk down the aisle to the man of her dreams and fantasies. Didn’t it hurt you to realize that?”

Kris scowled at me furiously for that. “Why do you say that?”

I almost broke into sudden and uncontrollable tears. “Mom, this reality is so painful. I mean, deep down my heart, I want to fall into the arms of a man who will win and eternally capture my heart. And you cannot ever let me fall in love with whomever it is that I feel like—”

She corrected me immediately. “I am not the one keeping you away from falling in love. The curse is, and not I myself.”

“I know. But is there not any thinkable way to break it.”

“Do not even dare to think about that?”

“Why must I not? Tell me now.”

“I have not told you about what happened to my younger sister, Lydia, have I?”

“No, you just said that she died naturally from an incurable illness. Cancer, wasn’t it?”

“I lied to you. That is not what happened.”

“Why did you not tell me the truth all along?”

“I didn’t know you would come to ask me this question. But now that you have, I must clear away any misunderstandings and mysteries existing for once and for all.”

I was very much quiet and attentive, eavesdropping and un-stirring in my seat.

“Lydia did not die any natural death. She was…was…eaten by the kelpies.”

“What are the kelpies, mother.”

“It is another name for demons. A certain kind of demons.”

“What kind of demons are the kelpies?”

“The demons responsible for the execution and proceeding of our curse.”

“Illustrate more, will you?”

Kris breathed out, stealing a glimpse of me. She saw how keen and active my curiosity had been stimulated. I wanted to know everything about these kelpies. Everything knowable about them. What? If I decided to fight for my alliance and matrimony to Alex, would they vehemently and unrelentingly fight back on me. Would they?

“The kelpies are the ones responsible for our stroke and misery. They will do anything in their power to stay and refrain us away from clearing ourselves of their influence and authoritativeness.  They will unfailingly fight back if you seek to get rid of that curse reigning over our lives. Like you suggested, Lydia insinuated the same and you know what it is that fell upon her in the very end? Not conquest or triumph, but peril and damnation! The same is true with every woman of our class who was afflicted by the curse holding sway over us. Lydia was not the first and last one to try doing that. There have been countless other women before her, all of whom fell to the ground dead and breathless in the very end. No one has succeeded in breaking this curse, Sophia. I feel that you will not be the first one to celebrate victory in shattering it either. No, you will not be.”

“What is it that exactly happened to Aunt Lydia?”

“The kelpies defeated her. She got nowhere with her plans and proceedings. Now do you understand why you must not ever think to break the curse? Do you? It is better you stay safe than sorry. I don’t want to lose you, no—I don’t want to watch you die or perish. I will not even help you kill yourself. From now on, you must ask no such kind of question or entertain such kind of thoughts, do you hear me?”

“Yes, mother.”

Our car stopped at an interjection of three roads where there also happened to be robots. They flashed and indicated red in a brilliant circle—the reason why we arrived at an ephemeral stop. Walking past us was a group of mature but young men, with sagged and skinny-shaped jeans, all of whom took a moment or two to ogle and whistle at us. I stared at them instantly before I carried on to examine Kris’ annoyed expression.

She made a face, looking away and ignoring the watchful group of boys.

Cat-calls. They were illiterate and vulgar, weren’t they, just like those who made them? That was what I reasoned. To be revealing with you, it was just plain damn annoying and unnerving to have men whistle at you manipulatively wherever you happened to go. What did they achieve and even think by doing that in the first place? What specifically?

Kris and I did not mean to attract much attention. We unintentionally did. Wherever we went, there were always men and hosts of women to gawk and marvel at us voicelessly and in suppressed admiration. It was like they had seen a pair of good-looking angels, which, in all reality, we were not.

Sakky’s Boutique. That was where we drew to an eventual halt and went out to shop and select our preferred clothings. The boutique itself was this immense and immaculately-tiled and glass-walled and air-conditioned. It was like paradise on earth. The street it was based on being named ‘Missile Road.’ It was not like there was a missile manufacturing company anywhere here down this street. It was just a normal but meaningless name, I speculated.

In the faint but assured sunlight, we parked Kris’ Dultex and marched off into the boutique. While inside, Kris charged me to be checking her out every once in a while. That was the most high-priced car she had ever bought in her life, and she could not afford to lose or become forfeited of. Should that happen, it would be the terriblest loss of her days ever. Yes, it surely would.

From the interior view of the boutique, Dultex was ravishing and quiescently motionless. Not a wail, not a chime was heard from her. Not anything of that sort at all.

The shopping assistant here had the name ‘Betty Kachele’ marked on the cleanly white shirt of her gray skirt suit. She was short and fleshy and dark haired with very dark skin. Nevertheless, she was chivalrous and complaisant. I liked people like her.

“How is Alice doing?” Kris asked, facing me and eyeing out her Nissan Dultex as quickly and briefly as she could. It was still there, nicely and well parked. She had the nerve, didn’t she? I mean she was just too sleepless and un-resting to be worrying about a God-knows-how-much-it-was-secured-for car. Don’t you think so? She added on, “Lately, I have been hearing you not saying anything about her. It got me worried. I was like no, my daughter cannot now be enemies with such kind of a good-natured and sweetly girl.”

F*ck it! How was I going to introduce this un-existing Alice to mom in the coming future? Yes. I did feel that she was going to ask me to have the two of them meet together one of these coming days. Oh…oh! I had to be creative and brainy enough. What was I going to do? What? What Kris did not know was that Alice was Alex Ramirez. A handsome boy and not some pretty sweet and guileless young lady. End of story.

“Sophia, are you even listening?”

I quaked to my senses at that point. “Sorry, what were you saying?”

“How is Alice doing? You haven’t been updating me on anything with respect to her or how she is even doing.”

“Oh…that! She is fine. It is only that we last met each other ages ago and we will soon be meeting up one of these days. Yeah, we will.”

She elevated an eyebrow at me.

I gawped back at her. “What now?”

“Nothing…serious or offensive. That’s all.”

My phone beeped and chimed. I hastily fetched it and checked the text that I had just received. An email in other words. From Alex that was. I scanned about. Kris was busy talking with Betty, granting me the chance and opening to hurry off toward an isolated and hidden corner and then freely open my email from there:

From: Lex Ramirez <lex26ramirez@gmail.com>
Subject: Missing You My Baby!

Hi, sweet angel. I miss you very much! Do you miss me as well? 

There was an attachment to the email. I opened it. Oh my gosh! It was a digital picture of me looking this beaming and pleased with him smiling happily as he hugged me in the cafeteria—Sam’s Lobelia. It was just pretty damn cute and adorable!

I breathed out as slowly and effortlessly as I could. What could I reply to him? Alex. What precisely? I shuddered pitifully and began typing the following email back to him (lex26ramirez):

Hi, pretty boy. I miss you as well. Shall call you up later on. Take care please. I saw the picture…it was amazing and fantastic. Really.

That was all. I could not think of anything else or invent up anything sweet and delightful to say to him. Exceptional, wasn’t it?

“Sophia,” Kris called out my name worriedly and ear-piercingly.

“Yes, mother,” I answered back, appearing before her with a handsome dress and a pair of jeans and a pretty top grasped in my hands. “Here, I am. Look what I have got.”

Kris stuck out her eyes and examined both me and the clothes I was holding. She stated, “Outlandish-looking jeans have caught your eyes and bedazzled your senses! I cannot buy into it, Sophia. Come on, get something convenient and satisfactory. The yellow dress is convincing, as well as the turquoise top. But that jeans, it is just unsuitable and unfit for you to wear.”

I did like Kris recommended. She afterwards had me grasp and carry the clothes that she had selected. Yawcks! Not that it was a painful task to do—it was this annoyingly exhausting and unnerving. How I wished that I had remained in the car to relax and loll down as I felt like. But then come on, Sophia, who was going to do the shopping and clothes pick-and-pack for you? Who? Kris herself? I doubted if she would have ever assented to doing that.

I followed her and Betty wherever they wandered to, prattling and cackling up to themselves. They chattered about how this latest form of dress had taken the overall market by storm and also about how young ladies nowadays—of which I was inclusive, without doubt—no longer discerned the curtain disjoining the dos and don’ts of dressing.  They gibbered and babbled about nearly almost everything. I sighed and rolled my eyes incessantly all the while, ruminating and pondering about how so greatly and profoundly I was falling for Alex. Yes, that was all that mattered to me and nothing else. Love, love, love…wonderful love…love is really good…

An hour later, Kris and I were settled quietly and pensively in our car, heading back home. I didn’t know what occupied and engaged her mind. As for me, it was Alex and nothing else. Was this how being in love made one to become? Like a zombie with an incurable and remediless addiction? Was that it?

That night it rained and pelted down excessively hard. The roof above me—in my bedroom that was—rattled and reverberated and resonanted. For a while, I even thought that it would collapse down and crush me to nothingness. Of course, those were my silly fears and nothing more.

In the comfort and safeguard of my bed, while it still rained and thundered, I called Alex. Not by shouting out vociferously. I looked for my phone and then dialed his number. It took a number of minutes to be connected to him and for his phone to ring and get answered and also for his voice to become unobstructed and unhampered. “Alex, how have you been?”

“Fine, sweet angel. I miss you so dearly.”

“I miss you too.”

“What do you want to dream about tonight?”

“Look who is talking. A fairy or a what?”

“A fairy godfather. I can make your wishes come true, you know. Not in reality. But in dreams.”

I chuckled at that and Alex laughed after me as well. “How true and substantial is that?”

“Very much true and substantial—my sweet angel.”

“Alex, you are so romantic, have I ever told you that?”

“This is your first time ever mentioning it to me.”

“I trust that it is the appropriate and legitimate time to reveal it. Don’t you think so?”

“Yeah, I do, my sweet angel.”

Oh my! That name—sweet angel—it was freezing me and turning me into this body and substance of yummy and luscious-tasting chocolate ice cream. Each time that Alex mentioned it, I felt certain kind of firework-like and sweetly and candied emotions running through me. It made the environment around me become beautiful and musical-like and thrilling and gratifying. Yes, it did. Alex…I truly and sincerely loved him.

“Can I ask you something, Sophia?”

“Yes, Alex. You are free to ask anything. Anything I say.”

“What would you give this one boy in the world who loves you insanely and derangedly to death itself?”

“I would give him everything I possess, everything that I hold as mine. My mind and my body more importantly.”

“And you know that he exists, right?”

“I feel so.”

“Come on, sweet angel. Don’t feel it. Think about it please, will you?”

“Fine. I have thought about it and I am sure and confident that he has genuine and sound existence.”

“Exactly what I wanted to hear from you. You know one thing?”

“What?”

“That boy is talking to you right now; that boy is I myself, Alex Ramirez.”

I was breathless and quiet for a while. What could I reply to that? What exactly?

“Sophia, I love you. I whole-heartedly and sincerely love you, my sweet angel. I would like to hear what you have to say with respect to your emotions and feelings for me. Do you love me in return?”

“Yes, I do, Alex. I love you so much than you are dreaming and speculating of.”

He was quiet and un-talking for a little while. What had happened to him?

“Alex, are you there?”

“Yeah… I am.”

“What else are you doing besides from talking with me on the phone?”

“I am Face-booking. On my laptop that is.”

“Oh…so you have a Face-book profile?”

“Yah…and you?”

“I have one. But it has been ages ago since I last updated it or checked anything new from my friends. You go by what name there?”

“You are going to check out my profile, aren’t you?”

“No. I just wanted to know. Nothing else.”

“Alex Ramirez Junior. The junior is abbreviated. As in the capital letter ‘J’ proceeded by the minor ‘r’.”

“I get it.”

“And you, how is your profile labeled?”

“Sophia-ress Solochi. It is frivolous and imprudent, isn’t it? Almost like I am a heiress to the throne of Who-knows-what kingdom. Isn’t that what it sounds like?”

“Mayhap, my sweet angel.”

“Hey, what time do you habitually go to bed?”

“Eleven or midnight often times.”

“You are a stay-up-lately then.”

“Yah.”

“So what is hot there on Face-book?”

“My friend’s wedding. Alan Quincy. He is campaigning and bragging about his wedding which will come off two weeks ahead. He is inviting me there along with my girlfriend.”

“And has she agreed to be present there with you?”

He was quiet and un-speaking for a while. Possibly offended and confound. He then returned, “What do you mean by asking if she has agreed to be present there with me?”

“I am talking about your girlfriend, Alex.”

“And who do you think that you are to me?”

“I myself?”

“Exactly. You yourself.”

“Uhmnn…we are friends who have just happened to fall in love, aren’t we?”

“I am officially taking you there as my girlfriend, Sophia. Do you agree to be present at that wedding with me?”

I sifted and weighed things over. “Yes, I do.”

“Thank you so much then. It will be my utmost pleasure.”

Sh*t! What mess was I getting myself into? What fuck*ng sort of mess?

I breathed out and laid down on my bed in relaxation and repose. Damn everything! Where was all of this going? Where exactly? To good-will and benignity? Or to ruin and destruction? I couldn’t tell. Anyway, it was too soon to tell, wasn’t it?

Late that night, I grabbed the outdated but still efficiently operative laptop from my good-natured and harmless neighbors, Jack and Joshua Zimba. At weekends, the boys without fail visited and had a word or two with me. They always invited me to particular places to go and have fun with them but I on every occasion turned them down. Why? You might wonder. It was clearly obvious and unmistakable to me that they both had a crush on me—specifically Jack—and I was not willing to venture on any sort of commitment and engagement with anyone of them when I knew that it was Alex alone who had seized and won my heart and no one else besides him. I didn’t want to disappoint and grieve them in the very end. I was reserving myself just for Alex solely. End of story.

Once having opened Mozilla Firefox, I entered ‘facebook.com’ and instantaneously surfed the web. On the Face-book site, I logged into my account—Sophia-ress Solochi—and saw that I had ten olden messages, six of which were from Jessica Knowles and the other four from Mwila Kapya and Hope Mazimba and Luwi Ethel and Robert Janwell. I ignored them for the meantime and searched ‘Alex Ramirez Jr.’ The results were mind-blowing. Face-book found 6789 individuals that had the name registered on the site. I had to use another tactic instead. I mean there was no way I was going to carefully consider each and every one of those 6789 Alex Ramirez Juniors until I had found the one and only Alex that I was familiar with. No way. It was impossible to go about, unthinkable even.

I tried a different approach to the search: ‘Alex Ramirez Jr. Brownton University.’

That was when I nailed the riddle. Only one Alex showed up—the Alex that I knew and was presently in love with. Yes. It was surely and undeniably him. My God! He had put on his profile picture that picture he emailed me yesterday of us sitted together and posing methodically at the cafeteria Sam’s Lobelia. My goodness! What could be the precise meaning of that?

I did some spying on his wall. It was fun and amusement, I can warrant you. I enjoyed every little bit of the game and proceeding. Who-o-ah!

Alex was thoughtful and momentous in updating his wall. In one post he indicated :

Morning 2 ya, all gentle-guyz and gentle-ladies. If I hadn’t disclosed m relationship status, then now is the right time to do so. I am ‘Currently Pursuing.’ 

‘Brian The Hulk’ asked him:

Currently Pursuing. Tell us the girl’s name, my man. It might be ma girlfriend whom you are going after and we will mercilessly clash if you do dat.

Alex Ramirez Jr., liking Brian The Hulk’s comment, texted back:

Brian, you mad, lol. U so mad, ma man. She z not Linette I am talking about here. Her name starts with ‘S.’ Let’s see if you can guess it correctly.

 Brian The Hulk:

Samantha?

Alex Ramirez Jr.:

 Nope, dude.

Brian The Hulk:

Sheila.

Alex Ramirez Jr.:

Almost there.

Brian The Hulk:

Sharon or Sheba or Shona or Suwilanji or Sandra or Sylvia or Sibongile. Any of the names correct, pal?

Alex Ramirez Jr.: 

Very wrong.

Brian The Hulk:

I give up. Tell me her name then.

Maxwell Madalitso, in intervention:

Sophia Solochi. It is as simple as that, Brian.

Brian The Hulk:

Thanx, Max. Cannot wait to meet her. Alex. So this is the lady?

Alex Ramirez Jr.: 

What, dude? Do you know her? Have you met her anywhere b4? I trust that you have not. She iz new in this town & our university itself. 

Brian The Hulk:

So she is at our university?

Alex Ramirez Jr.:

Not per say. She will attend soon hopefully. A 1st year student of Fashion & Designing.

Brian The Hulk: 

Mind sending her pic 2 me if you have any. I want to rate her for you. You rated Linette 4-stars for me. Now is my time 2 rate ur girl 4 you, don’t you agree?

Alex Ramirez Jr.:

I will text you her pic as an MMS. Text me your review & opinion in SMS. Nothing more than that. Agreed? Don’t post anything nasty or pleasing here on FB.

Brian The Hulk: 

It’s a deal made, my man.

Sh*t! So that was what Alex had arranged with this ‘Brian The Hulk’ friend of his?
















CHAPTER SEVEN:

I could not believe it! Alex had captured snapshots of the two of us just so he could boast to his friends about the new catch—who was me, without query—that he had just caught? Unbelievable! How dare he? I seethed in rage and fury and thought out to call and shout him at that precise moment, which I did not ever accomplish or dare to enter upon. I had promised him I wasn’t going to check out his Face-book wall, which is what I had exactly done. There was no way on Earth I was going to give him a bell at this particular hour. Ten past ten. I had to sleep. Absolutely.

I wondered what went on in a man’s mind when he is presumably falling in love. What? How did his thoughts go and his emotions come to be? I wondered quietly.

I couldn’t sleep easily and painlessly. I was sleepless and restless in other words. What could be the cause? I had no idea. Maybe putting on some music would help. Maybe. Following my return from the bathroom and joint toilet, I threw myself onto to my bed and grabbed my earphones and linked them to my phone and finally my ears and then played on some music.

The Hammer-And-Tongs—a rock band, sang:

Blood and gore 
There is too much blood and gore
Blood and gore
There is too much blood and gore around me

I want to wolf down blood and gore
I am so famished and voraciously rapacious
I am like a zombie 
Coming out to get you tonight

I walk naked like I don’t give a shit
I hunt naked like I have no common sense at all
I kill naked like I have  no Spirit in me
I feast on your flesh naked like I am on a spree

Damn it! I listened to no such kind of craggy crap. Did I say crap? Should be songs solely. My apology! Maybe before I had fallen in love, something horror and hellish-like like would have amused me, but now, I wanted something different. I tried a different song.

Osward Chama’s ‘You Are My Butterfly’:

Is that you walking down the street?
Is that you, baby?
Look, the boys are about to snatch you away from me
Look, the women have began to gossip
About some silly thing you said to your sister last night

Baby, I want you to know always
You are the girl that has arrested my heart and senses
You are that girl I dream about every night, angel
You are that lady love deeply and sincerely
You are that girl I would like to marry

When I look into your eyes
I can see my future with you
When I look into your soul
I can see how more brilliant and blazing
Your love for me keeps on growing

You are as lovely as the stars
Arrayed orderly and delightfully about me
Lovely as a butterfly
When ravishing and enchanting it hovers in the air
Yes, you are my butterfly

It worked. In no time, I began to fall asleep, which is what I had hoped for when first putting on the song. It was somewhere in the middle of the night when I awoke to pop off my earphones out of my ears and sleep calmly and quietly. Yes, I got rid of the ear deadening and deafening drum that struck and plagued me. It was worthwhile the peaceable and trouble-free sleep, wasn’t it? Yes, it sure was.

I woke up the next morning thinking and ruminating about Alex first. I missed him and his voice and his touch and body. Not sexually as in meaning and connotation. I just wished to see him face to face with no veil or great distance existing between the two of us. Could he be missing me as much as I missed him? Could he indeed? I had no idea.

I discovered a text on my phone that glorious morning from the man himself, lex26ramirez. It was an email I should rather say—yes like him, I held a g-mail account. The subject of his message was ‘Mind Going Out For a Stroll With Me This Afternoon’:

Good morning, Sophia. I am inviting you to come by for a stroll with me late this afternoon. Around four or five o’clock. What is your say? If yes, I can meet you up @ MacDonald’s. We have one MacDonald’s in this town on Mutondo Street. Google maps can help you find where it is actually located.

I replied back immediately. In any case, the email had been sent to me two hours back at twenty past four that morning:

Morning, Alex. I accept your invitation to go out for a stroll with you. It would be my utmost and sincere pleasure. I will meet you up at this MacDonald’s and it will be my work and research to find out where it is located. I will not fail or disappoint you either. So please, don’t worry about me. I will arrive safely and sound without getting lost or astray. Yes, I will. Take care!

Ten minutes later, I had gotten the response:

Thanks, my dear. I will not fail or disappoint you either. Lots of love. 

I replied instantly: 

Lots of love 2 you too.

And he came back:

Gentle kiss on your cheek from me! M-w-am!

I giggled to myself. Alex. He could be so humorous and jocose, couldn’t he? Of course, he could be. And I loved him more for that. Yes, I did. Hang on a second. I wanted to ask him about that picture of mine which he had been discussing with ‘Brian The Hulk’ on Face-book. But then no, it was inappropriate and unsound for me to go about that granted that I had given my vow for a vow and my word for a word. Oh yes, it was! That said and reflected over, I did not consider raising it up again another time. 

 While I went about my labor and work that day, I asked myself continually the three things I loved Alex for. Three things that if they were not available and existing in him would have me disfavor and dislike him. What were they exactly? First—which is what had towed me to him in the first place—he was simply handsome and nice-looking. Second, he was kindly and well-disposed. And third, he was merely Alex! I loved everything he was (not every little bit of thing about him though) and I adored certain things he did. There we had it. Three reasons why I was insatiably and derangedly growing in love with this blameless-looking lad.

I later on thought about what I would have to wear when going out to meet him. What precisely? We were going for a hike, right? And maybe a pink or blue tracksuit would do, wouldn’t it? I preferred a pink tracksuit (pants and a zip-up top that is) and a white shirt and white sneaker shoes. My hair? How was I going to style it? Simple! I would arrange and confine it up into cutely-looking pig tails. Precisely! What better way than that?

As I was having lunch in the afternoon with Kris outside on the partly uncovered and unclosed verandah where there were flowers of variant species and nature adorning the wooden planes that occupied the place of walls and railings, Kris noticed how brilliant and enthusiastic I was. We were eating rice mixed with chili soup and cold juice taken straight from the fridge and grapes and scones and chicken. She asked, “Are you going out today?”

I looked at her. She had a stringent eye examining me. “Yes, I am. I am only going out for a stroll and a hike. Nothing else.”

“Alice. Aren’t you going out to any places with her or doing just about any sound activity in her company and presence?”

“Her mom is out of town, leaving her employed and working at home. She is baby-sitting for both her mom and her neighbor. She is quite busy and occupied and she won’t be getting a salary for these struggles and pains.”

“Too bad. I feel sorry for her.”

“Me too.”

Kris didn’t ask anything more than that. I was glad she didn’t. Her interrogation had me worry nevertheless. Could she have known or suspected that I was going out with a particular boy? Could she?

At times I wondered if it is the right thing to secretly fall in love. By secret I don’t mean not telling the world that you are unreseverdly and whole-heartedly in love. I mean to say that keeping the truth under your hat from your parent’s awareness or discovery. Was it appropriate and sound? In my case, all thanks to this curse that plagued and tormented me, my very own mom could not approve or sanction a boy to draw close to me, let alone touch or kiss me. Yeah, she would without a second thought kill any boy who would dare to accomplish that.

I prayed and burned with nagging itch and desire deep inside to see the hours fleet and slip by as fastly and expressly as they could. It was my prolonged and constantly-repeated prayer. Like they say: Pray, eat, live, and watch! That is what I truly did. I prayed, then ate something light, then carried on living, then ultimately and lastly watched. And guess what? My prayer was appropriately and deservedly answered. Yupee!

I dressed up and prepared myself as hastily and hurriedly as I could. Four o’clock was drawing nigh. I gave myself an hour to ready myself up. The razor blade scraped slowly and steadily over my hands, removing off any hair that had grown on them; the nail cutter clinched and clenched and clipped and snipped and snapped my somewhat lengthened nails; cream was applied on my facial and hands-and-legs-located skin to soften and tenderize it; the hardened and steeled-feeling brush scraped on my feet to scrub and cleanse them; powder dropped and overspread and tarnished my face; lip gloss, chocolate dark in color, penciled and bedecked my lips; a white brasserie or simply bra was fitted and fixed over my enormous breasts; untarnished white boxer-like shorts were lastly grabbed and put on.

I rushed speedily for the mirror…and…Bingo!

Wow! Was this Sophia Solochi or some beautiful alien that had taken possession of my evermore ugly body? Was this me? Was this myself?

I wasn’t partly naked in thigh-high shorts and a brasserie. No way! I was ravishing and eye-enchanting in pink. Yes. Almost like Eve brought to life from the dead and arrayed up in twenty-first century apparel and dressing. Yes, that was what I almost looked like. Sh*T!

There was only one thing remaining. My hair. I raked it with a comb and styled and confined it into en-ravishing pigtails in just five precise minutes. Who-hoo! Pretty damn slow and fast at the same time, wasn’t I?

At long last, I was all set and ready to go. Buzz-za-zah! Time had clocked in on me in the very end. It sure had.

Outside, the sun was ablaze and scorching. I did not mind its intense heat and hotness in any case. As a matter of fact, I carried no umbrella with me. Whuh! The air was sweltering and heated as a red-glimmering oven itself. Warlike and inimical even!

I was ogled and gawped at like mad. A prodigy and token that all the hours and pains and labors put in into my beauty-related purpose had not been in vain or vanity. Oh no, they hadn’t. They were one of the best beauty hours and struggles ever. Ever I mean.

I wondered what Alex’s reaction was going to be like once he would lay eyes on me. What?! Was he going to fall dead or faint to the ground so as to awake and deny that he was seeing me—the real Sophia Solochi. Or was he going to stare elsewhere and frown and scowl like he had seen something unseemly and unprepossessing. Which was which?

Alex. While I walked my way on the road, having dropped out of a cab that had driven me to Mutondo Street, I pondered and mused about him, smiling and chuckling to myself whenever I remembered some laughable and witty thing he said or acted out in my presence. He never failed to make me bust a gut. I always relished in his humorous and queer side. Alex. Did he really know how much I truly loved him? Did he?

As I was glancing about, I caught sight of the one and only MacDonald shop operating in Brownton that Alex had described and pointed out in his email. It was one storey and gigantic with unblemished glass walls and windows through which I could see dozens of people sitted inside on high-reaching stools and chewing and consuming foods of all description and types. Among their menu were hamburgers, ice-cream, yoghurt, coke, cream doughnuts, cakes, and the like. The place was crowded and occupied restlessly.

I stepped up toward the closed doors and just as I extended my hand to reach for the handle, someone, in a circumspect and wary manner, placed his hands over my eyes so that I was not able to see. How did I know or suspect that he was a man? Simple. I was looking forward to meeting a man here and who else besides from him would crop up from nowhere and set his hands over my eyes. Who else but Alex? It had him.

“Alex,” I muttered, my lips curling into a pleased and delighted smile. “Alex, is that you?”

He did not reply. Instead, he let his hands go off my eyes and I instantaneously spun around to look and glance straight at him. Damn! It was him without doubt. Yes! I had guessed and surmised things correctly. It was assuredly and verily him. Alex Ramirez. The one and only man I loved in the entire world.

He had his lips twirled and shaped into a very entrancing and captivating smile. Like his sincere-hearted smile, his clothes were thoroughly graceful and unblemished. Dark blue cotton pants, an immaculate white shirt written ‘S.O.S’ and light and shapely sneaker shoes, of Nike label and brand. Wow. There was my angel man.

“Good afternoon,” he greeted, still smiling and buoyant-looking.

“Good afternoon,” I greeted back, smiling once more at him a little bit too late. 

“I thought you were going to have some bit of trouble falling upon this place.”

“That was what I was looking forward to too, but fortunately, things did not come to happen that way.”

He placed a loving hand over my shoulder and stroked my cheek freely and alight with his right hand, going on to push away lengthy threads of light brown hair that had fallen against my cheek. As he did that, l felt an unsteady and lightsome trickle dancing inside my tummy. It was lost to feeling in a little while. What could be the supposed meaning of that?

“How much have you missed me?” Alex asked steadily and composedly.

“Very much, I should say,” was my weakly-voiced and delayed response.

“Would it provoke you if I kissed you right here, right this moment?”

I breathed out, weighing and thinking over everything that he had said. I looked about. There were people pressed and swarmed everywhere and moving about. He pulled my face straight to focus and concentrate on his, and that instantaneous moment we stared, I saw an unsleeping gleam and sparkle shining in his smoky black eyes. It was a brilliant twinkling and glistening that to this present date has lived and pulled through the ordeal and trial of time through lingering and tarrying by in my unprotected memory itself. Most nights I lie down in my bed, waiting for sleep to dawn and carry me away from this world and its pains and agony and racking and tormenting reality itself, I find myself looking back to that foregone moment and enjoying and preferring the sensation and excitement that comes with contemplating about it. It was one of the best moments ever in my life.

“There are people watching and attentive to us, Alex—”

“Shhh! Don’t say that, baby. I don’t give a damn about them. It is you I want. And you alone. You get it?”

“Yes, I do.”

“Good. Now will you let me…do it?”

I delayed to respond to that one; I eventually did in any case. “Yes. You can go ahead and…do it.”

He stirred towards me slowly at first. Then, as he drew nearer to me, his eyes mindful and perceptive of mine, he quickly and abruptly pushed forward to me so as to crash and bash his lips violently and rapaciously on mine. I winced back, striving to breathe and keep control of myself. Alex overlooked and disregarded it. He pulled me over to himself and kissed and smooched me as he felt like and as it pleased him. I gave up fighting on him, weakly and defeated.

That was the most passionate and sweetest kiss I had ever had up till that point in time. It shattered my senses and being far away from this world, far away from everything apart from one thing. I had my eyes closed and secured shut and as such I could not catch sight of anything. I only felt and experienced Alex’s motion and tender touch itself. The way he moved had a forceful and electric-like impact on me. He was like electricity to me, overpowering and cogent. 

Alex. I loved him. So much indeed.

He let go off me at long last. I breathed out instantly and greedily. My god! That was…bewitching and spell-binding. “Was that your way of saying ‘you are welcome’ to me?” I asked him once we had taken our stand and ordered for cupfuls of yoghurt and ice-cream inside the swarmed MacDonald shop.    

 He looked at me pliably and lithely. “You are right in some sense. It was. Did you like it?”

I smiled yieldingly. “Yes, I did.”

Taking his time steadily and gently, he reached for my hand and grasped it and smiled complaisantly and courteously at me. I smiled back—kindly and formally polite and he had the following words to declare to me, “You are so beautiful, Sophia. As much as I am enamored by your tender-hearted and well-born self, I am captivated and won over by your meek and knightly-like loveliness. I assuredly and truthfully am.”   

THE CURRENT (NOT FINALE) ENDING!















AUTHOR’S NOTE: Following are the first two chapters of my other serial—presently published—Dead by Dawn: The Eversors Arising Episode One.

CHAPTER ONE: MUBANGA SAMPA DIES

The night Jordan Sampa’s father, Mubanga, was jabbed to his death by a stream of poisonous arrows, she was barely eleven years old. She could in no way fail to call to mind that dreadful night. She still clearly retraced its precise date – Wednesday, 7 October 2020 – which was just ten years past.                                                                                                

At that date, Jordan and her father dwelt with Bryant Stuart, a joint preserver like them, who had rescued the two of them when assailed by battalions of fierce-looking watchels, which were beings that possessed cracked dark brown skin and frightening cloudy white eyes. Bryant had taken Jordan and Mubanga into his home, sited in a very gigantic forest, and they had abode there ever since.                                                                             

An hour before Jordan’s father was murdered, she snatched a glimpse at him as he wrestled with Bryant in an enormous and white-illuminated room, where he evermore rehearsed his combat expertise with him each night.                                                                                                                                                                                

Swords clinked and clanked, almost deadening her ears as a result.                                                                                                     

Bryant was seizing a straight, razor-edged, and short glittering sword that would lengthen each time that he flung it at Mubanga. When he drew it away, it would shorten on its own.                                                                                                                                         

Mubanga, on the other hand, was gripping firmly a lengthy, shining, and slightly twisted sword. It didn’t seem to carry any magical powers, unlike Bryant’s. Not that Bryant’s sword was magical. It wasn’t.                                          

As Bryant hurried toward Mubanga, he intended his short sword to mince off Mubanga’s throat, where he launched it, and while it floated in the air, it elongated.                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Mubanga readily blocked it in time with a loud clink. As the two swords encountered, echoing against each other, they lit up with a fleeting brightness, sparkling.                                                                                                                                    

Bryant removed his sword hurriedly. Mubanga withdrew his too.                                                                                                                                                   

This time, Bryant aimed undeviating at Mubanga’s stomach. Mubanga registered it and stopped Bryant’s sword with another ear-piercing clank.                                                                                                                                                                                    

Bryant glowered, disconcerted with himself. He drove his lengthening sword to Mubanga’s rib, where it was blockaded before clawing Mubanga’s khakhi shirt, let alone his flesh.                                                                                                   

A furious Bryant clenched his teeth.                                                                                                                                                              

Mubanga made a move fast. He directed his sword to sever through Bryant from waist to waist, slicing him into two. While the sharp and somewhat twisted sword swam in the air like lightning, it gleamed with a smooth-going swish.                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Bryant hopped up into the air, where he spun backward, and at last grounded down on prepared feet.                                                                         His sword had fallen short to hit him. For when it was just on the verge of striking him, Bryant had threw himself up into the air to escape it.                                                                                                                                                                              

Mubanga stared at Bryant, astonished.                                                                                                                                                                                              

Bryant smiled, a smile of unusual excitement.                                                                                                                                                                           

Mubanga flung his sword at Bryant’s throat, as if to behead him.                                                                                                                                   

Bryant, still smiling, simply arched himself down to avoid it. And he apparently did. The sword flapped high above his cheek in the air, failing by a plain inch or so to chop off his ear.                                                                                                   

Bryant set upon Mubanga then. First, he instantaneously cast his sword up into the air, where it went on turning and twirling, and in addition flashing and glistening.                                                                                                                                               

Mubanga’s eyes followed the swinging sword, which was an error on his part. He had been tricked.                                                                                                           As his eyes were going after the revolving sword, Bryant stirred toward him with the speed of light. Before he had even become aware of it, Bryant had made it to him, and he was prepared to attack.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Too late, Mubanga glimpsed Bryant from the corner of his eye.                                                                                                                                     

Bryant right away knocked his forehead against Mubanga’s, and Mubanga stumbled back, looking as though he was seeing tiny stars that were rotating around his head. Bryant raised his leg and beat into Mubanga’s stomach with his knee. When Mubanga had stumbled further away, Bryant blew a kick into his face without putting his foot down.                                                                                                                                                                                              

The kick was very energetic and overpowering.                                                                                                                                                                       

It threw Mubanga farther away till he had slammed his back against the wall.                                                                                                                            

He groaned, for the first time, it appeared.                                                                                                                                                                        

Bryant proceeded toward him with his hand raised up into the air. When he arrived at him, the revolving sword had by then dropped off into his hand, and he had grasped it readily.                                                                                                                   

He placed the lengthening sword on Mubanga’s throat.                                                                                                                          

Mubanga looked at him, terrified and breathing fast.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

It was then when Jordan had broken in. She threw open the doors from where she had been watching her father and Bryant fight, then stomped into the room hastily.                                                                                                                                                                                 

“Stop!” she cried out. “You will kill him.”                                                                                                                                                                                  

Bryant shifted away from Mubanga, setting him free. He reversed toward her, watching her march toward him resentfully.                                                                                                                                                                                                     

“Fight me instead,” she ordered in an enraged voice.                                                                                                                                                        

“You?” Bryant chuckled. “You are just a kid. What do you know about fighting, let alone hunting? It is true that we belong to the same kind, little girl. Hunters. We are the preservers. But I am more skilled and of high discernment than you, kid. I have chased and slew over twelve thousand monsters in my whole life, while you have not ever shed any blood, let alone the tiniest drops of chicken blood.”                                                                                                                   

Jordan came to a halt and stared up at him bitterly. She was skinny and petite and a bit tall, with very long jet-black hair, like her deceased mother’s, who was on no occasion a preserver. She as well had large nut-brown eyes, extremely beautiful eyes, and fair and unblemished golden brown skin. Simply put, she was beautiful, excessively and remarkably attractive, even for her tender age.                                                                                                                    

While Bryant stared down at her, she could note that he was starting to become overpowered by her appearance.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Bryant, in contrast to her, was gigantic and long-legged and handsome with very long yellow hair, even longer than a woman’s. His hair was tied at his back with a fastener.                                                                                                                                        

Mubanga, on one hand, didn’t look much like his daughter. He didn’t look like her at all. Dark chocolate skin, brown hair, velvety black eyes, a rectangular-shaped face (while his daughter was a perfect oval-shaped). He too, like Bryant, and all preserver men, had far-reaching hair. Everyone who was born a preserver had a God-fearing duty to never cut off his hair in the course of his entire lifetime. If one did so, he ceased to be a preserver. And unless his hair would shoot up again, he would just be like any other ordinary human being.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

“Jordan,” Mubanga voiced for the first time, outraged. “What did I tell you? That whenever I am training with Bryant, we are not to be interfered with. Did I not make that clear to you?”                                                                                            

She shivered. “But I thought that he was going to bruise you, father.”                                                                                                              

“Bryant and I were only training. We always train this way. You didn’t have to lay eyes on us from partially closed doors.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                           

Jordan wondered if Mubanga actually knew that she had been biding her time behind those half-shut doors.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          

“I didn’t lay eyes on you from any partly closed doors. You were making noise—the clicking and clanking and rattling of your swords. I couldn’t find any sleep with it ringing about me from every corner.”                                                                                                                          

That was a lie Jordan told to confirm whether her father had spotted her standing behind the formerly half-shut doors. It seemed he hadn’t. His answer implied it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

“Fine. I’m sorry,” Mubanga conceded. “I can’t help it though. Why don’t you try infixing your earphones into your ears? You can then play some beloved songs of yours from your iNex.”                                                                                                                                                                                           

She gave out a sustained breath. “Fine.”                                                                                                                                                                                     

Bryant grinned and flagged her a nod after she had come across his mirthful gaze.                                                                                                                                          

She rotated quickly and tramped away. The moment she shut the door behind her, the tinkling and clinking of razor-edged swords carried on.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Jordan made a face as she entered into her petite room. It scarcely had any furnishings, save for a single bed, and stained glass lamps that gleamed cherry red and orange, a petty table with children’s books on top of it, and a two-doored closet that had the doors fastened. She herself was having on skinny jeans and a dusky top and a cotton-knitted jacket that had the buttons worked free.                                                                                                                                          

She flung herself on her bed, which generated a slight squeal, and lay down there, staring up at the old white ceiling above her. She could notice some openings and fractures in it.                                                                                                                        

Minutes slipped by, if not hours.                                                                                                                                                                                                       

All of a sudden, the clattering of the swords worsened. For a second, Jordan held that she overheard an agonized and moment-lived scream, followed by a loud collision against the wall, which threw off the picture frames that were nailed to the wall in her room.                                                                                                                                                                                      

She sat up in her bed instantly, alarmed and breathing fast.                                                                                                                                                                         

Something ran in the lightless corridor outside her room, moving fast toward her closed door. More footsteps followed, all of which were bolting and aiming at her door.                                                                                                                                                                               

She abruptly faced her door, driven out of breath.                                                                                                                                     

The door was thumped open, and something, which she didn’t distinctly catch sight of, started into her room, leaping up into the air skillfully and speedily than her eyes could follow, and before she realized it, it had grounded on the concrete floor, striking down on it and proceeding on to roll itself beneath her bed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Jordan’s hand reached for her pillow and she snatched the dagger that she was preserving underneath it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

Like lightning, she lay down on her bed and rolled herself, going on to pitch herself over to the floor, where she stroke painfully, and yet she withheld herself from crying, let alone whimpering.                                                                                                                                         

She was prepared to strike that thing under her bed with her dagger.                                                                                                                                                                 

She checked around, but there was nothing to find. Had her eyes deceived her?                                                                                          

She got up to her feet in one swift second.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       

She looked over her bed. There was nothing. Apart from her rumpled sheets, an almost falling off pillow, and her forsaken iNex, which had her playlist, and which she hadn’t played since she had formerly reappeared into her room.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         

Jordan, somewhat restless, stared down.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

A pair of long, dark-brown hands that had cracked skin stretched from below her bed towards her feet. 

While she shrank, exhaling in fright at the same time, the pair of fiery-looking hands arrested each of her two feet.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

She screamed—a girlish and fearful and nervous scream.                                                                                                                                                                 

Something groaned frighteningly from beneath her bed as she was being pulled so as to trip over to the floor. It was a watchel, she had no doubt.                                                                                                                                                                                                      

Jordan smacked down with her face, and drops of raw blood issued forth from her slit forehead. The watchel dragged her toward itself. She let out a noisy scream once more.                                                                                                                                                                                                       

While the watchel hauled her, issuing out a menacing growl, she clasped on to the leg of her bed, and commenced on to drag herself away from the affrighting demon that was locking its cloudy white eyes on her.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

It wrestled back, pulling her with greater vigor, and tightening its grip on her foot.                                                                                                                                                                  

Jordan looked for her dagger. The moment she fell, it had slipped away from her grip, and there it was, lying a few feet away from her. She stretched her hand to get hold of it, which she couldn’t, as it was still sited farther away.                                                                                                                                                                                                           

Gradually but certainly, the watchel firmly towed her back to itself.                                                                                                                                                                                

She twisted after it and projected a strong kick into its face. She did it again and again until its left eye had burst off, spraying a spout of deep red blood into her face. Her tongue, which had been stuck out at the moment, tasted and sipped the blood to her offence.                                                                                                                                                               

She threw out, maddened with herself.                                                                                                                                                                         

The watchel freed her right that moment, going on to locate its hand over its shattered eye. It groaned and twisted on the floor and squealed and uttered maledictions in a tongue that she could not catch on to.                                                                                                                                                                                                                

She had obtained her brilliant chance. And so she fled toward her dagger, moving on hands and feet, quick as a spider, watchful and attentive as a rat.                                                                                                                                                                            

It was too late.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          

Someone stood before the knife with his uncovered and unsightly feet laid over it. He was lofty, but not that much, and dressed in tattered and torn clothes, and he additionally smelled bad as though he had never took a bath in his entire lifetime, or ever since he was born plainly put.                                                                                                                                                                                     

He was awfully ugly, Jordan had to acknowledge. And he was not human moreover. He was a watchel. A male one, of course. That, she could tell. Male watchels were all bald-headed, with glistening heads that displayed cracked skulls. The female ones had larger fierce-glowing eyes, unlike the males’, which were miniature but spherical, and they also were in possession of long hair, just like an ordinary human’s, whose colors ranged from a dark pink to cherry red to light blond to snow white. Yes, the females had breasts, but withered ones, which were nearly not noticeable to some extent.                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Jordan paused where she was, benumbed with fright.                                                                                                                                                                                         

The watchel bowed down to collect the dagger that it had trod on. It then straightened up and shot Jordan—who was quivering before it—an intimidating look, or rather a glare.                                                                                                                               

The watchel lying below her bed crawled and picked itself up to its feet, and started toward her, and she sat down moving her gaze from one watchel to the other.                                                                                                                                                                                                

To her amazement, the watchel that was pacing toward her retardedly and inactively with a puffed and bleeding eye, orated for the first time in clear human language, “What shall we do with this pesky little girl here, Seko?”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

“She is just a little girl, Shaba. I feel that we should lay her aside and act as though we did not run into her.”

While the watchels spoke, they uttered words as though they were snakes hissing, their hisses being high-pitched.

Shaba blinked his one eye in fury. “No, Seko. We can’t set her aside like we didn’t come across her. She almost tore my eye off. I can no longer sight anything with this eye of mine that she that she has bruised badly. She must pay for it. After all, she is a human child and not one of our kind. Kill her. Make a slit in her throat with that dirk. Do it now. Or if you can’t, meaning that you are not man enough to go about it, suffer me to do it then.”

Seko delayed.

Shaba, extravagantly annoyed, commanded, “Cast me the damn dirk!”

“Why don’t we consider drilling her eye in return? That would be reasonable and fair, don’t you think?”

“Fine. I will do it myself so that I can verify to you that I am one genuine man. Yes, I am.”

The watchel clasping the dirk eyed Jordan straight away. It stepped toward her—yes, she was still shaking—and suddenly grabbed her throat to raise her up, carrying on to thrust her against the wall.

A quivering and powerless Jordan labored for air, but her unyielding efforts were all in vain.

The watchel established its cutting-edged dagger onto her throat.

At that instant, Jordan was certain that she would die.

Just when the watchel was about to pierce into her throat, Jordan glimpsed her father step into view in the doorway, clutching a bow and arrow, which he swiftly aimed at the back of the unsuspecting watchel. He had one eye compressed shut, and the other one narrowed at his target. His clothing and dark chocolate skin were soiled with blood. Perchance watchel blood.

Within the ticking of a millisecond, the arrow was let off into the air, where it winged nimbly and soundlessly, revolving and winding as it drew close to its unsuspicious prey.

With a quick jab, it penetrated into the back of the watchel, piercing through flesh and veins and even bone, and when blood made contact with it, the venom it contained began its effect, scattering rapidly through the veins and arteries, quickening toward the heart and brain.

As the arrow bore deeper and deeper into the watchel, snapping through bone audibly, it stretched wide its appalling cloudy white eyes, and issued a quietened howl, uncontrollably shivering from excessive pain.

Unhurriedly but surely, it let its hands go off from Jordan’s throat. She could at last breathe.

The moment her uncovered feet crashed down, the poison—having made it to the watchel’s brain in less than three seconds and already taking in hand its proceeding—caused the watchel’s head to detonate as if from a bomb, blowing up its ravenous eyes and ugly lips and pointed ears into innumerable pieces that scattered all over the floor, and had plenty of blood spilled on to the walls and every corner, and eventually trickle down.

Jordan stood to breathe starvingly, all drenched with blood.

The remaining watchel, terrorized, stared at Mubanga, who had by that time pinpointed it with his arrow, and without losing another second, it bolted toward the window, quick as a rabbit.

Mubanga, with one eye sealed, the other one narrowed, released the arrow toward the fleeing being that was just about to throw itself against the enormous window so as to rent it and fall outside.

As it leapt up into the air, the arrow stroked at the back of its throat and appeared out on the other side, tarnished with blood.

The watchel, every inch powerless, failed to make it to the window and tumbled down to the concrete.

Jordan shot her father a hurried glance.

He smiled lately.

And she smiled back. But then, while he still smiled at her, her warm smile was lost to view. She saw a watchel creep up toward him from his back and eventually skip up to choke him.

Jordan screeched in alarm. “Dad. Watch out behind you.”

The watchel tensed its fixed grip, completely preventing Clark from exhaling or inhaling.

He strived for air.

The watchel didn’t seem prepared to yield its hard grip on his throat in spite of all that he attempted to do. Crushed and downcast, he hastened backward on his feet so as to knock it as it had mounted on to his back against the wall.

It collided against the wall with a high-sounding thud.

Still, it did not let go its inflexible grasp.

Mubanga withdrew from the wall and sped toward it another time so as to beat it over the wall once more. There was a deafening bang that vibrated the wall.

Even so, the watchel flexed its clutch.

Mubanga shrank away from the wall and scurried back toward it. This time, as the watchel hammered into the wall, there was an ear-deadening thump that created cracks in the wall and had broken plaster fall down to the floor.

It was that extreme and hugely racking slam that coerced the watchel to let go off Mubanga. It dropped against the wall, strengthless and spent to the very core.

Mubanga spun toward it in no time. He cast a hardened blow into its face, which it evaded by dipping head down. As a result, he landed his fist into the wall, which, without doubt, was excessively painful.

The watchel aimed a revengeful blow into his face.

He eluded it by bending himself downward. Then after he had straightened, he threw a manly and vigorous kick into its chest, and he went on punching its heavy chest with his foot without setting it down till it had slammed into the wall loudly, and the cracks in the wall instantly lengthened and widened so that a segment the wall collapsed, and the watchel fell along with it into another black room, where the broken pieces of the wall piled up on top of it. It met its destruction when a great slice of stone boxed its head and mashed it to jelly, showering off into the alight corridor a pour of blood.

While Mubanga stood, granting the lifeless watchel a black look, two more watchels sprinted toward him from diverse directions in the corridor, seizing sharpened throwing axes.

As the watchels neared him, hurling their glistering axes at him at once, Mubanga took to the air, jumping to be precise, where he spun and spun while moving upward as if acting out a praiseworthy somersault, and he fixed his two hands on each side of the wall, all without descending.

He straightened up his feet so that they pointed toward the ceiling above, his head aiming at the floor beneath him, and his very long and disarranged hair cascaded in the face of the floor.

The move struck dumb his daughter, who was watching, her tongue stuck out of her mouth, her eyes stretched wide in amazement. She disbelieved that her father had just carried that out.

The watchel that had first threw its axe at Mubanga failed to hit him as he sprang up, and therefore whacked its keen-edged axe into the throat of its associate, slashing it off and leaving its comrade headless, all unintentionally.

A disheartened watchel, thwarted with itself, stared up at Mubanga, outraged and appalled.

At that second, Mubanga dropped down, spinning in the air as he progressed toward his awe-struck enemy. He landed on the shoulders of the watchel, jolting his knees against them and fixing them in between there.

The watchel blinked its eyes in shock, confound and bewildered. It seemed as though it had been paralyzed.

Mubanga’s steeled fists battered into the face of this watchel. It stumbled back and lapsed against the wall. Mubanga sprang down to his feet after spinning in the air—a back somersault.

He stared at the watchel, which was somewhat enfeebled and frail, and then momentarily grabbed its axe, which he used to knock it in the face.

The watchel smacked its head into the wall, having been battered by the axe.

Mubanga, prompt like lightning, turned around, the axe being firm in his hand, and he thrust it into the chest of the watchel once he had faced it. The blade severed its way smoothly and pierced out through the back of the watchel, where it smacked into the wall and infixed right in there.

An endless stream of blood ran down the wall.

Mubanga stood quietly, checking out the spiritless and inanimate watchel. Slowly, he turned and faced his daughter, who looked at him silently.

There arose another tramping of feet in the corridor. Legions of watchels were sprinting toward him from both directions, out-crying and equipped with all sorts of weapons. Bows, arrows, spears, axes, shotguns, rifles, knives.

Mubanga revolved and ran away into the room where his daughter was. It was too late. And a fault on his part.

While he ran, his long brown hair flapping behind him in the air, one of the multifold watchels freed an envenomed arrow at him.

The arrow went fast like a bomb, and as he was stepping into the room, it stabbed him in the back, arising out on his chest.

Mubanga, excessively pained, staggered into the room and slammed the door behind him, and even going on to fasten the lock.

Jordan hurried after him, fretful and bothered. “Dad,” she called out.

Mubanga sank down on his knees, shaking forcefully and clenching his teeth from the sharp and growing pain that was afflicting him.

Jordan snatched his hand and reserved it in hers. She looked down at her father, tears emerging and twinkling in her big and ladylike brown eyes.

“Go,” Mubanga muttered, still plagued with immense pain. The poison was in indiscernible operation at that instant. But then it became apparent that he was doomed to departure. Cracks unfolded on his skin, extending and transmuting the color of his skin to a chilling pitch-black. His mouth widened and he roared in pain.

The roar pealed in the entire room.

“No, father,” Jordan screamed.

The watchels, that had reached the door and assembled before it, stroke it with their axes. They stroke and stroke until the axes poked deeper and deeper, splintering and renting wood.

“Flee,” Mubanga charged his daughter. “I’m already dead. The poison will finish me off in a little while. And there is nothing that you can do to restore me to faultless health.”

“I’m trapped in here. I am dying with you.”

“You are not dying with me.”

“Yes, I am.”

“You are not entrapped either. Go to the closet and open it and oust out all the clothes. You will espy a small opening in the wall. It is Bryant who made it. He made it particularly for you, so that should any calamity result, you would have the means of escaping out. Go on. It is only you who can crawl through the hole alone. And no one else.”

Jordan wavered, uncertain as to whether she should forsake her father to perish behind her back.

“Go,” Mubanga ordered.

At that note, she quickened toward the closet, then split up its doors and cast out all the vestments hung inside, which belonged to her. She saw the hole—a circular and petite and plastered one. No adult could crawl inside there apart from a small kid like her.

For a while, Jordan stood doubtful, looking aimlessly at the hole in front of her. The strong groans and quiverings of her dying father vexed her. Could she surely leave him behind to perish on his own? She wasn’t certain.

Just when she had stirred toward the hole, the axes that had poked into the door from diverse corners, splintered it so that it fell down. A host of noisy watchels darted into the room.

Mubanga had by then leveled his arrow toward the door, which he set free without delay. It struck the first watchel to step into the room in the throat, and down it collapsed, striving to inhale or exhale.

Quickly, he reached for a fresh arrow, and then another and another, and he projected them all at the rapid-moving watchels. In the lapse of forty seconds, dozens of watchel corpses were lying down, immobile and having toxic arrows infixed in their bodies.

The watchels began retreating from the room as they learnt that more and more of them were being shot down to their consummation. Mubanga took a deep breath in relaxation, reclining over the wall.

It was another misdoing on his part. While he relaxed, a huge watchel tramped into the doorway and aimed an arrow at him for a breathless and soundless second, and then suddenly let it fly off toward him.

Mubanga was hit between the eyes. The arrow pierced through his skull and into his brain and furthermore bore its way out through the back of his head, even going on to plummet and transfix itself deep in the wall.

There, Mubanga departed, his eyes frozen wide open, his tongue ejected out of his mouth, blood oozing down his immovable face.

The spectacle was extremely painful and intolerable for Jordan to watch. She observed it all. Her father dying such a very agonizing and exceedingly awful death. Yet she could not help it but suffer tears to gleam their way out of her large and excessively elegant eyes. God, she was just so damn beautiful!

With her father breathless, reclining there over the wall, and his head riveted to the wall by the arrow, Jordan turned abruptly and ran toward the hole. The watchels that were filling up in the room pursued her.

She hastily jumped into the hole and then crept away in the extreme blackness, fast and on guard. A hand captured her foot while she advanced away. She solely felt it. Then there was a short-lived and threatening growl.

Jordan warred back, hauling her seized foot. At long last, her foot slipped off freely, leaving one empty sock in the hand of the determined watchel.

She edged away curtly. Soon, she reached a corner and dragged herself into a bigger and moreover lightless hole where the opening was progressing.

Arrows were shot quite very late behind her, only to strike on nothing save for plaster-clothed wall. Had not Jordan sped into the wider hole, she would died as well.

The hole led her into an enormous tunnel that she had no idea at all to have existence. It was lightened with old-fashioned and dusty fluorescent light bulbs. Nervously, she walked in h this tunnel until she came across a decomposed door, that she knocked open with an effortless kick and eventually strolled out into a gigantic and hushed forest.

Here, Jordan shook from the terrific cold till she fell down on the dirt, her hands squeezed to herself while she juddered fiercely. She didn’t know what came off next. Not at all. Her eyes forcibly shut on their own at a snail’s pace and the pain that she was experiencing—both physically and emotionally—was lost feeling right that moment. It was like the world had stopped dead all of a sudden, nevermore to spin and come back to life once more.

CHAPTER TWO: IVANA VALESQUEZ

When Ivana Valesquez, a beautiful golden-skinned preserver with long golden brown hair and lovely smokey blue eyes, ran into an unmoving and unconscious Jordan in the dark forest, she assumed that she was in all likelihood lifeless and was not even human.

The season before she caught sight of an expressionless Jordan, she and her two brothers, Diego and Enrique Valesquez, were all mounting separate horses that streaked their way in the forest with the greatest swiftness, leaping into sight from bunched rocks and proceeding past them without meeting any difficulties, and even moving easily and yet swiftly underneath clustered and perilous trees, all without crashing their heedful riders to immediate death.

The family of three were following a herd of seemingly out of track watchels that they had met while straying about in the forest at nightfall. The chase had demanded hours of their unmoved attention and diligent efforts, and within that hour, they had so far butchered down a multitude of the watchels that were bolting on naked feet, scampering faster to some extent than the speedy and persevering horses.

Diego, golden-skinned like his sister, with prolonged brown hair and glowing brown eyes—as well as being aged twenty—scaled a light brown and yet dark brown tailed horse, lifting a hurling blade (whose keen blade was rotund-shaped and which in addition had a cylindrical wooden handle where the keen blade was fixed in, so that, once flung, it would unfailingly fly off to mince where it was that it had been tossed to, and even return back to the bestower after carrying through with its purpose).

Enrique, the sole one who was swarthy skinned, with overly long sable-colored hair reaching his bottom, and gleaming black eyes, as well as being heavily muscular and large and aged thirty-three, settled on a dark horse, his forceful hand clinging on to a lengthy axe which was double-sided at both the wield and the headpiece, and which could likewise be launched at the rival so as to chop him up and eventually wing its way back to its sender.

Ivana, bold and well-set apart from being overwhelmingly beautiful, sat with her back arched forward on the horse, hard-faced and never withdrawing her gaze from the limitless flow of trees ahead of her. She wasn’t shit-scared in any way. Not at all.

The weapon seized in her hand was a B441 Fate Arrow Shooter, which could discharge four long arrows at once, making them fly off a kilometer within three seconds, and proceeding on at that very same fastest speed until they would strike on something.

When the horses were at last galloping on a clear expanse containing a handful trees, settled and fast in their direction after the fleeing watchels, Ivana, her eyes immovable from the fleeing watchels, took out six arrows that were infixed in a leather bag swinging over her back, then placed them into the shooter, and picked the trigger. Three seconds later, six watchels lay down dead, punctured by arrows from back to chest. They had been running one behind the other, and as the six arrows were freed toward them all at once, they had cut their way through from one watchel to the other, entering the back of each watchel in their entirety six, and leaving out the chest of each watchel in their whole six, until all the targeted watchels were dead, and then they had all clung into the bark of a stony-like giant tree, having pierced their way through a few plastic and yielding barked trees.

Diego darted his hurling blade towards a group of three watchels that were advancing close to each other, framing a triangle to be specific. The hurling blade, angled at the three of them, soared toward them, and hewed off the head of the left-behind watchel, and, winging its way in a triangular direction, sliced another watchel into two starting from rib to rib, and in the long run, going on to gash the last watchel from its back and out through its abdomen, having thumped against a rocky tree and taken off into the air at heightened speed toward the unaware watchel.

When the hurling blade had flew back to Diego, he caught it without making the slightest nick on his hand, and even rubbed off the blood smudging its blade using his wind-flailed shirt. The blood stains remained on his white shirt.

Enrique, whose horse, Flerry, was streaking ahead of the others, reached the last watchel in a number of approximately fourteen or so, which was dashing with an observable limp, as it had cut off its foot on a corroded piece of metal, and knocked it lifeless down to the chilly ground with a crushing jam of his axe over to its back.

He went on after the proceeding watchel, which put on a burst of speed, making an immense gap between it and his horse. The watchels were the fastest thing that Enrique had ever chased, even sprinting faster than a cheetah. They could run for seventy-two hours, transposable to three days, without tiring, and after then could their rapidity weaken, meaning that they were heart and soul drained and enervated to almost no strength. Following that, they required three more days to retrieve their complete vigor. 

When the watchel that Enrique was pursuing sheered off from the others, he neglected it to pursue its peers. He didn’t give a damn whether it survived or not. Its peers, being abundant, mattered to him more. He followed them, and Diego went after him.

The same was not any true with Ivana. Her horse, which was galloping behind the two others, changed track and sped after the lonesome and unaccompanied watchel.

The watchel took note. And it instantly raised its speed. Ivana’s horse mounted its acceleration too, whining.

As the horse drew near to the tenacious watchel, Ivana foresaw where it was headed to—toward a huge tree that had branches closing off the way. Of course, the watchel could simply duck its head and pass through. And the horse (named Queck) could dip its head too so as to go through as well. But Ivana herself, no, she was undeniably going to ram herself against a branch and fall down to the ground head-first. Which was highly dangerous.

In a flash, Ivana rose herself and kneeled on the back of the horse, ready to jump. Just when the horse had plunged its head down so as to move underneath the branch, she leapt before it had neared it, long enough to permit her to spin forward in the air, her hands widened out like an eagle’s, her knees crouched, her back crooked, and she launched down on a branch, her legs straightened, her hands still pulled out like an eagle’s so that she was able to balance herself, her crooked back made straight.

She scanned for the watchel that had stopped to see what would come off to her. Queck had stopped too and revolved towards her to wail. 

The watchel, thwarted, turned to flee.

It was too late. Ivana did not delay to fetch an arrow and insert it into the shooter and moreover pick the trigger. Three seconds later, the watchel knocked into a tree, shot in the arm.

She hopped down.

It staggered three steps straight away, seeking to flee.

When it turned back toward its unpitying enemy, it saw that the shooter was already aimed at its other shoulder.

Without unloosening her much desired breath, Ivana set free the arrow, grave-faced.

The arrow speared the watchel and then carried it off so as to pin it against a large tree where it jabbed into, and got stuck there, right next to the bark. It parted its ugly lips, and it voiced out a deafening and sickening cry, having been extremely pained.

Ivana pinpointed its leg, which she striked to the tree, and then the other, which she transfixed as well. Having finished this, she leveled the shooter at its forehead.

The watchel entreated, in human tongue and faultless English, “Please spare me.”

Ivana paused, releasing that breath that she had long withheld.

“Spare me please.”

“Shut up!” She snapped at the watchel, fiercely angry.

“I give my word, if you let me live, I will never hurt another human being again. I mean it. I absolutely do mean it. I truly do.”

“I said shut up!”

The plea was a soft one. “Please spare me.”

Ivana looked angrily straight into the cloudy white eyes of the watchel. Eight years ago, when she was sixteen, she gave birth to a lovely girl, Isabella, who was ripped to immediate death during a watchel raid, and her good-looking husband, Eric Simwaka (dark-haired and gray-eyed [just like her] and a warm and affectionate man), had been speared to death during that same raid. She could not let slip from the memory the voracious watchels that uprooted her family. Their appearance was exactly the same as that of this defenseless watchel before her. They were ugly, even to themselves, and eternally dressed in filthy and smelling and tattered clothes. Always.

Since the deprivation of her dearest family, Ivana had abhorred all watchels to consummate death, and she vowed to herself that she would do her damnedest best to sweep them off from the face of this world. And that nothing at all would prevent her from completing it. Nothing but death.

While she stood, having walked very close to the watchel that now took her stand just sniffing distance away from her, with her shooter stayed on its forehead, she looked at it through tearful eyes, sighting both it and her deceased dearest ones.

In one tearful eye, there was Isabella and Eric—Isabella screaming for help, twitching and looking for ways and means to break free off from the watchels that were grabbing her, grabbing her into a frightening dark room where there were laid up axes and saws and matchets. And which they put to use in silencing her forever.

Eric, on the other hand, was battling against a group of watchels that surrounded him and each one of them speared him to death with gleaming swords from every angle.

“Mom, help me.”

Eric got down on his knees, writhing in uttermost pain. “Ivana, I will always love you, even in death, I will die loving you.”

“Mom. Help!”

“Ivana! I love…you.”

“Please, spare me. I know that I am the worst enemy to mankind. But please, do spare me, I beg you.”

It was hard and painful, but Ivana eventually did it. She slowly turned away from the watchel and began to step away from it, leaving it transfixed to the tree (stabbed there on both thighs and one arm, as the other arm had only just been transpierced, but was not gummed to the tree).

While she walked away, leaving the watchel muttering a lowly, “Thank you,” she sensed sudden movement—yes, the one produced by it—and at that instant, she realized that it was attempting to kill her. Damn you, traitor, she thought.

Behind her, the watchel had fetched a throwing knife from the pocket of its tattered trousers, noiselessly and in a concealed manner, all without taking in that Ivana had by then picked up on it. It made use of its wounded and bleeding and unbound hand. And yes, it was going to score her right in the back.

Shortly before the watchel slung the knife at her, she unexpectedly ran one or two steps, and then skipped up into the air—a backward somersault.

While she moved in the air, the knife went beneath her.

She did a stunning somersault that had her land in a standing where she was facing the watchel, glaring at it. It met her outraged gaze and trembled.

With its wounded hand, the watchel reached for the arrow fastening its arm to the tree, holding that it could remove it and then jam it into Ivana’s throat.

It was a bad and erroneous move.

Just when it felt the painful arrow with its frightful fingers, Ivana’s boot landed on its belly, and, with the utility of her toes, she pressed down the interior flooring of her boot, so that a short cutting knife issued from it, driving its way into the watchel’s stomach and slicing its intestines.

It stiffened there, gummed to the tree, perfectly dead.

Then, frowning and snuffling, Ivana put her foot down and at that moment, the blood-daubed knife vanished back into the shoe flooring.

She rotated, and for the first time caught sight of Jordan, who lay down on the frost-bitten ground, her hair sprawled on the dirt beneath her, her eyes closed up, being totally insensitive to anything and perfectly unmoving. Queck, her sable-colored horse, stood over her, whining down at her. And it was only after Ivana had drawn nearer that she learned more about what Queck had discovered.

AUTHOR’S FINAL NOTE: Thank you so much for your reading time and efforts!












  


 

 






 








 


 

