Shrapnel’s Kiss
By:
Amy Rachiele
Copyright © 2014 Amy Rachiele
Edited by: Christine LePorte
Smashwords Edition
*****
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system without the prior written permission of the publisher.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or persons, living or deceased, is entirely coincidental.
To my husband:
The bravest person I know



If I don’t tell the story now, no one else will be able to tell it for us. Some people believe in fate, that no matter where you are in the world your soul mate will find you, or you them. I have to believe that fate wouldn’t be as cruel as it seems to me now.
~Junie

Prologue:
Junie:

I’m not really sure why I did it. Nobody forced me or even tried to convince me. And I don’t think I had a death wish. I was outside myself and compelled to do something. The loneliness made me restless. I was finally able to put a name to the ache in my chest that was a constant. It needed an outlet and the hole needed to be filled.  There was something missing besides my family—an uncontrollable desire to get away and even help others if I was able. Sometimes we have to leap and not look down to move forward, especially if we don’t know why we have to.  My blind leap led me to war... in Afghanistan. 
I’m not stupid.  I watch the news and I hear the stories.  I totally understood I was not going to a luxury resort—but even my wildest dreams or nightmares wouldn’t have prepared me for what lay ahead. My father always said with good things come bad, and I had that filed away in my memory bank of important advice.  I looked at it the other way: with the bad things, come good.  It’s the old glass half-full, glass half-empty scenario. But I wasn’t thinking as deeply then as I am now. I was clouded with grief and I didn’t know it.  My family was gone.

Chapter 1
August 17, 2014
Junie:

The heat coming off the tarmac was enough to melt the contact lenses on my eyeballs. I had to keep blinking to moisten them. My shoulder ached from the weight of my carry-on bag. The crowd I was standing in included people from all walks of life—younger, older, thin, short, tall, brown hair, blond hair, no hair—but I think we all had one very important thing in common: loneliness. I already have a bitter loneliness sitting like a cement slab in my stomach, why not be lonely somewhere I can help people. 
We are doers with nothing to do. We are people who misplaced something. Something is such a generic word. It could mean you lost a pack of gum, your heart to a lover, or your sense of being. To find what you are missing is another story. Maybe it’s better to leave it lost.
I shifted to stand under the shadow of the wing of the airplane for some relief against the blazing sun. Praying the soles of my Skechers don’t stay permanently mounted to the asphalt from the heat. This is not my first airplane ride, but I’ve never been on a plane like this. It reminds me of a fattened turkey painted army green, its belly thick and rounded. I am a far cry from a physics major so my brain can only guess how this extremely large, bulbous plane is going to get off the ground. I am an ant in comparison. Orange-vested workers buzz around the belly as I ogle its immense size, checking its integrity, loading compartments with whatever important military equipment was coming with us. 
I let my bag slip off my shoulder and thud onto the concrete. How much longer are they gonna make us wait?  My beads of sweat have beads of sweat multiplying.  A drop falls down my forehead, past my nose and into my mouth, salty. Ick! 
Today is the type of day that would make my father muse, “Whew!  It’s hot, Junie girl!” I can hear my father in my mind and a pang of aloneness hits me.  “It’s so hot you could fry an egg on the cement.” This is probably the hottest August day I can ever remember in my twenty-one years.
“I am the NCOIC, Sgt. Davis. For those of you who don’t know, that stands for Non-commissioned-officer-in charge.” His digital camo uniform has lots of patches, badges, and doohickeys and he motions with his arms authoritatively to move us along. He extends three fingers to point to the unmistakable mountainous metal steps that are pushed against the fuselage. “I need you all to line up facing the ladder!” 
I come out from under the cover of the wing and sling my bag over my shoulder with a grunt to line up with the others. 
“There are two rows of seats on the left side of the plane for you.  This is a full flight. Do not leave any seats empty,” the man-in-charge bellows. Does the army teach them how to be that way, automatic and efficient? The way his hands move and his stance is so... so... militant.  I shrug absently at my own thoughts and play with my fingers by my side, mimicking his.
Waiting, I tip myself to the side to glance at the person at the head of the line—a man about thirty with a crew cut.  Maybe he was in the military. He looks like it. I catch a glimpse of the cylinder-style bag on his back. It’s a duffel bag that matches the color of the plane.
Stupidly, I glance up at the sun, wishing it away. I need water. I pray that this flight has a crisp Diet Coke. I could use one right about now, fizzy and cold. I’m edgy and my feet want to dance in place despite the heat.
One three-finger point from the man-in-charge and the line starts moving up the steep steps. I climb and with each tread I feel weaker. The sun is torturing me and draining my energy which usually is unending. I hope the A/C is already on in the airplane. An older woman behind me bumps my butt with her bag.
“Sorry,” she mumbles; clearly the heat is affecting her as well. 
At the top of the stairwell, I am blocked by the bodies of the others in front of me.  Slowly, they filter away and I am assaulted by thick stale musty air. I cover my nose with my hand. Oh, no! It is even hotter in here, like an oven. The air is drier but definitely hotter.  Shit!  I follow to the left side of the plane. Holy hell! Where are the seats!?
“Um... excuse me.” I watch people sit down and stow their bags but I’m having trouble comprehending how this works. “Excuse me!” I call out louder, my eyes darting around searching for the guy. Where is army man-in-charge? I stand on my tiptoes to see around the others getting settled.
“Can I help you?”  I look down at the guy from the front of the line sitting patiently. 
“Yeah. Where are the seats?” I ask.
“These are the seats.” He points to the empty one next to him.
“No, these are messed up hammock lawn chairs attached to the plane,” I inform him.
He laughs. I’m not friggin’ laughing.
“This is a C-130. These are the seats. This type of aircraft is made to carry equipment or troops.” He puts his hand on the olive green bar running through the mesh webbed strips that make up the chairs. “These fold up.” 
A bunch of uniformed soldiers with solemn expressions on their faces board the plane and they file to the right side of the plane. 
“OMG...” I mutter. I thought twenty hours on a regular plane and a regular seat was going to be tough. Twenty hours in a suspended freakin’ lawn chair is going to be torture. I drop my carry-on and kick it under the cloth straps that make up my “chair” and sit down, with a long sigh leaving my lips of hot stale air I had just sucked in.  My ass cheeks are squeezing through the spaces in the suspended webbing. Freakin’ great! My ass is going to be asleep before I am... Another sigh escapes.
“I’m Richard,” the guy next to me states.
“Junie,” I grumble, which is uncharacteristically rude for me.
“Not what you expected?” he wonders. 
“Nope,” I respond with a sarcastic pop on my P.
“Sounds like you got the wrong brochure.” Richard chuckles while reaching under to his bag and pulling out a copy of USA Today from the pocket.  He snaps the newspaper open. “Nice to meet you.  We’re neighbors for the next twenty-three hours.”
I tilt my head back, making contact with the steel wall of the plane, and groan. A rumbling ticking whirs to life and a heaviness pulls at me as the plane takes off into the atmosphere—a perpendicular line of ascent. Pressure tugs the weight of the sky-monster I’m riding in and gravity has its own little war with physics. I am sitting sideways, against the grain, instead of forward blindly catching the horizon. The brash hum of the engines and wind are married together in a dance that at one time only birds knew. We bounce on wind shears that try to tear apart the unnatural fowl.  An Army’s bird of prey headed off to a country that is ungrounded in a philosophy we Americans hold dear. 
The plane is deafening and it’s giving me a headache.  I am finding it hard to even think. I let my head fall into my hands in anguish. What the hell did I do? Did I do it because I knew that had my parents been living they would never allow me to go?  Am I trying to get back at them for leaving me in this loneliness? Ugh!
Tyler:

Date: August 19, 2014
From: Kandahar Special Operations Support
To: Tyler Alexander, Captain, Joint Special Operations Commander
ODA Operational Detachment Alpha team 8: Convoy Civilian Escort Mission

I. Situation: Friendlies in area. IED’s in area. Three enemy groups have been identified in area, i.e. roadside, mountain range. High capture area.
II. Mission: Peace Corps stateside volunteers are to be escorted to the Northern Afghanistan Orphanage, Kunar. Mobilize team to Kabul. Pick up civilians at Hangar 1a.
III. Execution: Three vehicle escort convoy, full armament. Civilians/Non-governmental officials in vehicle two.  Tight formation, gunners on all three vehicles.  Vehicle one 50 cal machine gun.  Vehicle two MK-19, 40mm grenade launcher.  Vehicle three 7.62 machine gun.
IV. Command and Signal: Capt. Tyler Alexander, MSG Castro
Frequency: internal, team. Artillery: Howitzers, twenty klicks. Combat Air Support: MEDEVAC, thirty minutes out.
V. Service: none

“Shit...” I mumble and jab my finger on the keyboard, hitting the escape button. Why the fuck do we have to do bullshit details? It’s glorified fuckin’ babysitting for deluded civilians. More crazy-ass Peace Corps Flower-Power whack-jobs wanting to save the world.
“Captain, what’s up?” Glitch asks me, as he smacks his hand on the cooling unit that works when it wants to. “Damn thing!” he curses at it. “It’s a fuckin’ a hundred and ten degrees outside!”
Ignoring his understandable outburst at the shoddy government-issued air conditioner that is not made for this kind of heat in a fucking tent, I let him in on our latest mission. “Incoming Flower-Power for the orphanage. We’ve got to go get them.” He scowls and wipes the sweat from his brow.
“Well, shit... Sir,” he adds, scratching his practically bald head. “I guess I’ll need to braid my hair.”
“Tell the boys to get ready,” I order. “Convoy: three-vehicle spread. Full armament.”
“Yes, Sir.”
I grab my tactical gear and my night vision goggles for the ride back. Traveling at night is the safest with civilians. The enemy prefers to engage in the daytime.  They don’t typically have our hi-tech night vision equipment.
It will take us the rest of the day to move across the countryside to the base at Kandahar to retrieve our passengers. I walk out into the painful sunlight that stings even with sunglasses on. 
There are three colors here, brown, gray, and white, and I can’t get used to it. I had never given much thought to color until living here in Afghanistan. Without the vivid shades of green the States offer, it is fucking depressing to look at. Maybe it wouldn’t be so dismal if we weren’t so frigging isolated.
The boys are doing what they do best, readying themselves for a mission. Glitch is loading water and food into the back of the armored vehicles. Master Sergeant is going over his checklist in his mind. I can tell because of the face he makes while staring at the sand that makes up most of the ground here. Living in tight quarters with these guys you learn everything about each other, the good and the bad. You have to trust your team with your life. There is no time for belly-aching or pissy-shit, they’re your brothers. They are closer to you than blood ever could be. When you fight beside someone you form a bond that is close to unbreakable and unforgettable.
“Any news?” he asks. Master Sergeant catches me watching him. 
“No. No email from Angie. I guess no baby yet.”
“Maybe you can try to call from Kandahar.”
I shrug. “There won’t be any time. We need to get in and get out to make it to Kunar before sunrise.” 
“Yes, Sir.” Master Sergeant pauses. “We’ll try getting the satellite phone to work. I’ll put Glitch on it tomorrow.” I nod; we’ve tried before. 
Our outpost is in a really bad location for phone, and the Internet continually cuts in and out. Email is the only form of communication we have right now with our families and friends in the States. When the mission requires, we have to go dark and turn off that too. It’s frustrating but sometimes it’s a good thing to keep our head in the game—no distractions.
I give Master Sergeant the signal to go ahead and move out. He calls out for everyone to load up. I sit in the middle seat of the middle vehicle and strap on my helmet as everyone takes their positions, including the gunners. Our trucks are state of the art, they’re new. They have every new type of equipment necessary for this environment... desert warfare. 
The engines roar to life, filling the empty sounds of this open, seemingly endless abyss of sand and mountains. Forming a well-rehearsed line, the trucks move succinctly through the gate and out into the Afghanistan sandy wilderness with white-crusted mountains as a backdrop. Vehicle one in front of us kicks up the dirt-packed road, enshrouding us in a brown cloud. Sgt. Jones is driving my vehicle and Gunny is at the turret with an MK-19. It’s become a tradition on every mission that Gunny sings “Happy Trails” as we leave the gated outpost. I laugh, as I do every time at his fuckin’ ridiculous voice, and we are not even a minute out when the ping of gunshots rings off the metal of the truck. 
Stupid fuckers! Danger is everywhere, but leaving the outpost is the most dangerous. The enemy can be very elusive or like these fuckers that will camp out for days in the harsh conditions of Afghanistan with limited food and water just to shoot at us. Gunny swings the barrel and fires, blasting the sand dunes to smithereens as the convoy continues on its way... My team: mission ready, mission focused.
Junie:

It’s getting dark and we are waiting again. There isn’t much to see yet. So far the base has been large hangars for aircraft and small easy-up buildings that probably came in a box from IKEA. I’m not alone waiting for a ride to the orphanage. I have become acquainted with the other Peace Corps cohorts, Tess and Star. Tess is very nice, a young grandmotherly type, sweet and soft-spoken. If I had ever met either one of my grandmothers, Tess would be what I pictured. Someone able to do it all. Bake kick-ass cookies and then go in the back yard to throw a ball with you, and then take you to the mall to get you new cute jeans with tiny rhinestones for when school starts. I never had any of that and it bites, but I can imagine what it would be like. She’d be full of wisdom about life and love. A storyteller able to bridge the gap between generations to send her point home in a way you would never forget and maybe pass on to your own children.
The crinkling of a candy wrapper forces my attention to Star—wait no, not a candy wrapper, she’s eating some weird granola thing I’ve never seen before. Star is a little more difficult to swallow. The word that comes to mind when I look at her is snippy. She may be carrying a chip on that bony shoulder, geez eat a friggin’ hamburger.
“Would you like some, Junie?” she asks in a hoity-toity voice that I think may be reserved only for me. Her demeanor is way different when speaking to Tess.
“No, thank you,” I respond sourly sweet.
After that long line of people boarding the turkey-shaped plane, there are only three of us with the Peace Corps. The other people on the plane are contractors here to do jobs for the government. And the soldiers, well, are soldiers. 
I shift on my luggage and ponder the past two days and determine they feel like four. I am in desperate need of a hot shower. The refueling was no picnic either. Wait and wait and wait some more. At least they let us stretch and disembark the plane. I bought some bizarre lemon lime soda at the terminal, which was one attendant with a vending machine. The soda had a soapy aftertaste, yuck, I dumped most of it in the trash. I changed from shorts into my comfy yoga pants that make my ass look awesome. 
Now, I am sitting on my luggage observing the mechanics in flight suits that are milling about fixing and maintaining helicopters and all different kinds of planes, some I have never seen before. During the hours we have been sitting here the workers become fewer and farther between. Lights are being turned off and the area is becoming quiet and more deserted by the second. It’s really creepy.
“So how long have you been at Kunar?” I ask Tess, diverting my thoughts from the eerie foreign country horror movie that I am making up in my head. She has been telling Star and me that she went home for a few weeks for a break and is on her way back. 
“Six months,” she shares. “It has been a wonderful experience working with the children. Challenging, but wonderful. I am looking forward to getting back.” As she is talking, I have to give her credit. It must not be easy for an older woman to do this. My initial impression of her settles in to a correct assumption, but then reality sets in and I think, what do I have to offer these kids? “Most of them are happy to see us, but the others...” I must have tuned out as I watch more spotlights turn off and the darkness slinks in. Wait, others?
“What others?” I question, puzzled.
“You know.”
“No, I don’t. I wouldn’t be askin’, Tess.” I didn’t want to sound flippant but it totally came out that way.
“The Taliban,” she whispers.
“Yeah. They don’t want anyone here, Tess. I get that.”
“They want the children. Boys especially. They want to take them to train.”
“Whoa, what?”
“Have you been living under a rock, Junie?” Star chimes in. “The Taliban trains kids from like seven years old.”
“No way. They give kids guns? That’s insane!” I exclaim.
“No,” Star adds sarcastically. “That is life here.”
The revelation is alarming because apparently in my grief and wallowing over the loss of my last and only living parent, I hadn’t been paying attention to the media as I thought I had. But my current circumstance is fueling the nervous bubble erupting in my stomach as the last large dome-shaped building for housing the planes and helicopters shuts its lights off.
“Um. Are they going to just leave us here? Where is our ride?” I ask aloud, anxiety-ridden that we’re going to be sleeping out here on the tarmac.
Star is worried too. “Yeah, what’s going on?” We both look to Tess, the seasoned Peace Corps-er.
“Tyler will be here,” Tess comments matter-of-factly and adds a knowing smile. Tyler? One guy is going to get us across the country to the north? The sun is completely gone and with it everything in the distance. 
Ticks of silence pass between us with uncertainty. Star opens her mouth to speak but stops when we all shift our awareness to the roar of engines, coming from the left and getting closer. Headlights come straight for Tess, Star, and me, blinding us. I raise my hand to protect my eyes as my heart thumps wildly. Three vehicles pull up in front of us, parking adjacent to each other perfectly and in sync, stopping just feet from us. I have the urge to run but curiosity and non-panic from Tess make me keep my ass rooted to my suitcase. I can make out the outline of trucks with a person on top of one of the roofs, a blackened silhouette. A disembodied voice calls out, “Hey! Tess! You’re back.”
“Hello, Gunny!” Tess yells and begins gathering her things. Confused and going with the flow, Star and I follow Tess’s lead and pick up our bags. Men swoop out of the darkness, agile and lithe, with full uniforms and rifles strapped across their fronts. Helmets on their heads have some weird contraption fastened to it. Are they mad scientist soldiers? One of them takes my bags like they weigh next to nothing.
Stalking out from the darkness, a man appears, illuminated by the headlights. He’s not zipping around like the others. He’s tall and confident with an unlearned charisma. In the small beam of light I see his brown boots, his camo pants and I admire his lean, fit legs. I scan up his chest that is broad and wide. There is something about this guy. His face is concealed by the night, but his aura emits authority. “I am in charge,” period, so don’t mess with me. He doesn’t have to give me the list of letters in front of his name designating his rank. This guy is the officer-in-charge. He takes deliberate steps forward. His face is in shadow but I can tell it is in a hard line—a mask. His posture is ramrod straight and he takes a moment to size us up before he greets us. My immediate thought... gorgeous asshole.
“Good evening, ladies,” he says authoritatively, and his voice gives me the chills—the good kind. “We are Army ground team eight and we have been assigned to escort you to the Kunar orphanage. Travel time is approximately six point five hours. We should make it just before dawn. Follow me please.” 
His deep, sexy voice can lead me anywhere, but Star and I let Tess go first and we file behind her, like kittens following their mother. I have a nasty taste in my mouth, as if I haven’t been given instructions but scolded. A young soldier is holding the door of the jeep open for us.
“You ready for more?” he asks Tess good-naturedly. The lights of the truck light up his face, which is mostly covered by his helmet. I can tell right away, cool guy, nice.
“Yes, Glitch,” Tess responds. Cool name too.
“Well, let’s do it then.” He smiles.
This contraption is messed up like the plane. Instead of army green, everything is beige, and not a pretty beige, a puke one. The seats go back in a row instead of across. There is a big space in the middle and a seat in the center behind the driver and shotgun. Tess gets in the back and sits in the first seat. I sit in the middle seat up front closest to the driver. The guy at the wheel looks back at me and snorts a laugh. From the doorway, someone clears his throat. 
“Excuse me, ma’am... that is my seat.” The interior lights of the vehicle accentuate his face and it is striking... and annoyed. Dark-tanned flawless skin, chiseled features, and deep brown eyes with lashes thick and long. He seems much younger in the light than he did outside. Maybe it’s his commanding presence that makes him seem older.
“I get car sick if I can’t see out the windshield,” I say, sounding more sarcastic than stating a fact. His nostrils flare.
“Sorry, ma’am, this is a convoy,” he says, attempting to maintain decorum but coming off as a bossy asshole. “We have procedures. Civilians sit in the back.” There it is again, the three-finger point. But now it’s telling me to get the hell out of his friggin’ chair and move to the back, not climb a bazillion metal steps to the doorway of a ginormous fat plane. 
“But, uh,” I fumble.
“Ma’am!” His voice is raised when he cuts me off. I pause and swallow back my protest. Okay... I get up feeling stupid and chastised.
The scuffle is over as I sit behind Tess and Star sits behind me. The vehicle is odd. Mr. Mean–guy-in-charge does a whirly signal with his hands. He has definitely got it all together. The driver talks into the radio as the engine roars to life. The radio pops, “Captain X...convoy... ready.” Guy-in-charge is apparently a freakin’ Marvel Comics character. Captain X? Really? 
He takes his seat in the middle, and I strap on my seatbelt and click it into its holster, irritated.
Gunny stands in the center directly in front of us, blocking out with his legs whatever I could try to do to see out. His head is out of the top of the vehicle’s crazy sunroof with a gun. Gunny’s singing, I believe. I’m straining to hear him over the truck. It sounds like “Happy Trails.”
Star leans forward to me. “It’s dark out, there is nothing to see,” she hisses in a loud whisper.
“It doesn’t matter,” I tell her through the corner of my mouth, not wanting to get in trouble again with Captain-sit-your-ass-in-the-back. “I get sick anyway. I need to be shotgun or in the middle of a back seat.”
“Well, you better toughen up, Junie. This isn’t summer camp.” My mouth drops open.
“How could I see this coming?” I whisper angrily. “There wasn’t a clause when I signed my life away that said, ‘There will be no sitting in view of the windshield.’”
“Didn’t you bring Dramamine with you?” she bristles.
“It doesn’t work, Nurse Star. My doctor gave me something stronger, but I don’t like to take it,” I tell her with force.
“Why?”
“It makes me loopy.”
“Don’t be stupid. Take it so you don’t throw up all over us. This is a six-hour ride across a desert!” 
“Oh, all right,” I huff.  I pull out a bottled water from my bag and my prescription bottle. I stare at the label. Here it goes...
Tyler:

I rub my fingers over my temples; civilians give me a fuckin’ headache. Is this girl serious? The other Flower-Powers are idealistic but at least have a clue. This girl, holy shit! I strap on my helmet and give the order to move out.
“Until we meet again...” Gunny’s singing, and I sit back secure into my seat, anticipating the rough road off the base. It’s a superstitious thing, but we all do it. Teams come up with ways of coping. Gunny’s mom always told him to never say good-bye. You have to say things like see you soon, or until tomorrow. Good-bye is a permanent sentiment—terminal. Living in harm’s way all the time, terminal is death. We’ve been lucky, six months and we haven’t lost anyone on our team; we’ve been in fire fights and in the line of explosions but haven’t lost anyone. Every time we go out on a mission Gunny sings “Happy Trails” to ward off negative vibes and he says it helps him to keep his head in the game. I say, whatever my guys have to do to stay focused, do it.
The chatter over the radio starts about our civilian passengers whether they are hot or deployment hot. Defined as not so attractive on American soil, but here, with limited females, deployment hot. 
“No way, she’s legit hot,” I hear in my helmet.
“You’ve been here too fuckin’ long, she’s totally D.H.”
“I could spend some time in those yoga pants.”
“I don’t think they’ll fit you.”
I shake my head, laughing internally at the conversation, but don’t stop it. MSG Castro intervenes, “Enough.” I can hear him in my helmet from vehicle one. 
“Sorry. It blocks out Gunny’s horrible singing. Sir?” Glitch asks, addressing me. “I thought you said you’d find someone to give him singing lessons.” A rumble of laughter boils in my chest.
The road is coarse and we travel unhurriedly along with my guys navigating and watching the rocks on the side of the road that identify potential IEDs. These fuckers plant improvised explosive devices all over the place trying to blow up our vehicles and people. IED blasts turn everything in their wake into projectiles. The enemy even packs the explosives with anything sharp they can find to cause the most damage. 
I turn to check on our passengers. Tess is reading a book, Flower-Power number two has her ear buds in, and in the middle, Flower-Power number one pain-in-the-ass’s head is slumped forward, bobbing around with the movement of the vehicle. Is she sleeping? Damn, not a very graceful sleeper, she looks like a fuckin’ drunk sleeping it off.
“Incoming! Small arms,” Tabby says into my helmet from vehicle one.
I turn back around and survey in the darkness.
“Switch to night vision,” I order. Glitch and Jones flip their scopes down. I press my communicator and instruct the gunners in the convoy to concentrate fire northeast. Rounds of ammo fly in a deafening echo, lighting up the enemy’s location.
“Three-sixty the surrounding area, 1-2.” 
“Roger,” Master Sergeant answers. He is 1-1. He’s the commander of vehicle one.
Then the unmistakable ping of bullets hits our armor from the west. “Concentrate fire, 3-3, on sector 9. 1-3 sector 3 to 9 suppress,” I order through my mic using the team codes. Everyone knows their number, and the sector north, south, east, west is designated by the hands on a clock.
“Copy.”
“What have we got?” I ask Glitch, who is in my vehicle.
“Possible ambush, at ten.”
“Load grenade launcher, 2-3.” I inform Gunny in the turret of my truck. “Assume target has RPG weapons.”  I pause. “Suppress,” I command, which is a sugar-coated word for annihilate the enemy.
“Copy.”
Yellowish explosions ring out successively on the east and west corners, illuminating the black sky in front of us. Bangs and flashes coincide with the attack in a macabre fireworks display. Dull cracks boom in the distance, and then quiet seeps in except for the hum of the engine.
“Who’s shootin’ off f-f-fireworks?” is slurred off-cue and in an awkward drunken yell from the passengers. I spin in my seat and Flower-Power number one is waving her arms and yelling for more fireworks.
What the fuck?
Tess, who is wide-eyed along with Flower-Power number two, turns in her seat to shush Flower-Power number one, who is still carrying on.
“Break contact... Forward,” I command, telling them to put distance between us and the enemy.
“Roger.”
My guys know their shit. Everyone has a job to do and they do it well. But Flower-Power number one is loud and distracting, singing “Happy Trails” at the top of her lungs.
“3-2, report!”
“No sign of the enemy.”
“Continue to scan for three...nine through six sectors.”
“Roger.”
Without warning, Flower-Power number one unbuckles, stands as tall as possible in the vehicle, and launches into “Shiny Happy People.”
“Shiny happy people holding hands...” She is off-balance with the terrain we’re traveling on and she bounces off the sides of the metal that makes up the truck’s shell.
“Shiny happy people holding hands... Shiny happy people laughing.” 
Tess pulls on this chick’s body-hugging T-shirt to stop her from trying to climb into the turret with Gunny. “Sit down, hun,” Tess entreats.
“Shiny happy people holding hands...” Giggle, giggle... “Shiny happy people holding hands...” She is clawing at Gunny’s pant leg.
“What the fuck!?” Gunny yells into the mic. “Get her off me!”
I unbuckle and grab her legs, then hold her up around her butt; shit it’s tight. “Come on, sit down,” I say with restraint. I really want to throw her back in her seat. She’s fuckin’ with my guy’s concentration. She concedes and lets me hold her. Damn, she feels good! Gently, I nudge her and settle her back in her seat.
“Stay right there,” I order her. She mocks me with a salute and giggles, “You’re cute.”
“What’s wrong with her?” I ask Tess. “Has she been drinking?”
“I don’t think so.”
I reach for her seatbelt...
“Captain X!” Glitch shouts at me. “We’ve got incoming!” The unmistakable whistle of an RPG sails over our heads.
“Brace for impact!” I holler and throw my body against Flower-Power to hold her down. I’m crushing her small frame as the missile detonates behind us, showering the sky with light and sand in the dead of the night.
“3-3! Report!” I yell into my headset as we swerve on the rocky road.
“Heavy armor damage, minor injuries, over,” the gunner reports from vehicle three.
“1-1! Report!” Master Sergeant.
“No injuries, no damage.”
“RPG! At twelve o’clock!” Tabby shouts into my headset.
Jones veers us out of the way, and we spin in the sand as the road behind us bursts. The force of the blast flips us over. Popping explosions repeat in a massacre and the noise leaves a disorienting ringing in my ear like one gong of a church bell that goes on and on without end. Confused, I realize I have been thrown from the vehicle. I lift my dazed head in the blackness. My team! I need to get to my guys!

Chapter 2
August 20, 2014
Junie:

I wake up, and I am not sure if I was asleep or unconscious. My head feels way too heavy for my body. I try to sit up but I fall right back down.
A deep, husky voice asks, “How are you doing, Flower-Power?”
Huh? I run my hands over my eyes to try to clear them, and I feel gritty sand. I am all dirty. I look down at my body; I am covered in dirt and blood. What happened? I sit up and everything hurts: my head, arms, legs, and back. My pulse quickens in fear as I take in the rock walls, earthen floor, and crudely made steel doors built into stone walls. A dull lamp is lit in the corner casting ominous shadows around the weird room. I see him, crouched on the ground in all his muscled beauty, with concern marring his enticing face. I shut my eyes in disbelief and then notice hands are on me. 
“Where are you hurt?” I flinch back, afraid, and look at him. It’s the soldier from the convoy, X-in-charge, hovering next to me. “It’s just me, Flower-Power.” A pleasant zing shoots to my belly at his touch.
“Where are we?” My voice is small within my pounding head and I touch it; it’s tender. 
“In the mountains of northern Afghanistan,” he states. “In a cave.”
I shift on the uncomfortable ground. “I don’t know.”
“What don’t you know?” he asks with an aggravated tone.
“You asked me where I’m hurt. I don’t know.” Giving him attitude right back. His gorgeous face softens a bit. “I hurt all over.” I shift my arm and something on it stings. “Ow,” I cry out and struggle to see the back of my arm. He leans in, examining what I can’t see, his perfect fingers caressing my bicep. I try to glimpse what is stinging by turning my arm in all different directions.
“Hold on.” A deep fissure grows between his eyebrows, which are sexy.  Can eyebrows be sexy?
“What is it?” I ask in panic.
“Suck in a deep breath,” he orders.
I pull in all of the air I can, and he yanks at where is hurts. “Ow! Shit,” I curse, that hurt. He holds up a small metal shard. “What is that?” I ask, twisting to see the wound on the back of my arm.
“Shrapnel,” he deadpans. Blood runs down my forearm and onto the rocky ground, pooling. A lot of blood. Within seconds, it’s covering my hands as I wrap fingers around the cut. “Shit!” He mimics my profanity and digs into one of the many pockets in his pants. The distinct rip of Velcro resonates in the cave. Hidden in his pocket is a camo-colored strip that looks like a headband. He takes it and wraps it around my bicep firmly. He pushes and fastens the Velcro.
“Ouch... That’s tight!” I complain.
“Field tourniquet. This will stop the bleeding.”
“Ugh, it hurts...” I whine. “Who would have thought that little piece of metal could do so much damage,” I comment, sucking in air through my teeth. I bend and move my arm.
“Shrapnel is nasty. It wounds and kills thousands, Flower-Power.”
“My name is Junie,” I huff, peeved with the nickname he’s chosen to call me.
“Well, Junie, we’re stuck here.”
“What do you mean?”
“We have been captured by the Taliban.”
“Where is everyone else?”
His face morphs into rage that is simmering beneath the surface. “I don’t know.”
“What about a way out? A gun?”
“They took everything,” he hisses at me.
I glance around and I have nothing. My bag with my travel-sized supplies and favorite hoodie is gone. Defeated, I look down at my legs and my favorite yoga pants have scattered tears in them where I have cuts. And it’s small in here and the lack of windows is making my chest close in with claustrophobia. It smells moldy and gross, like an animal died. A shiver runs down my back; it’s cold, but the shiver isn’t entirely about temperature, it’s terror of what’s to come.
“What will they do to us?” Dread is lodged in my throat as I ask. 
“Probably kill me... and...” His voice is grave and he pauses, unsure of how to tell me his thoughts. “Either sell you... or rape...” I don’t let him finish because I cut him off. 
“What?!” I screech.
“Shhh... keep your voice down,” he orders with his Man-in-charge inflection. 
Tears come and I sniffle out, “I don’t even know your name.”
“Captain Tyler Alexander, United States Army.” I notice he’s wearing half his uniform. He is only in a brown T-shirt that is stretched over his tight pectorals and camo pants. They must have taken his jacket.
I pull up my knees and hide my face, wrapping my arms tightly around them. I cannot believe this is happening. More tears well up in my eyes, and I can’t help the sob that escapes. A comforting hand touches my back.
“Look at me,” he instructs; Man-in-Charge is back. I lift my foggy head and meet his eyes. “Just breathe,” he orders me. “Just breathe.”
I nod in response and wipe my eyes.
“Okay, Junie...” Tyler is cut off by a rattle of the door handle. Someone is coming and my heart practically jumps out of my chest. “Get behind me.”
I do what I am told and the thumping in my chest becomes as painful as my arm. A creak of steel hinges breaks the silence as the doors open. 
Guns! 
Aimed at us!
Two dark men in soiled cotton clothes stand in the threshold wielding weapons similar to the ones the soldiers carried when they came to get us. They speak but it is yelling gibberish to me. 
“Kasif Dozd! Kasif Dozd!” I can tell they are angry by their posture not their words, and the way they wave their guns all over the place. My adrenaline speeds across my body chasing fear through my veins. My body wants to whimper, but I am immobile. Having never experienced such paralyzing terror, I feel the air freeze in my lungs.
Using his gun as a pointing tool, one tells the other, “Men beredasheten zen!” He steps forward with purpose and reaches around Tyler to grab me, and I scream in terror. Our captor’s fingers scrape at my arm trying to get to me. I shriek in horror. They are going to take me! 
“Ou khandehdarast! Ou khandehdarast!”
I yank myself away, automatically. It wasn’t a conscious decision. I just did it... flight-or-fight response.  
Tyler shoves me farther away and uppercuts the guy, sending him reeling. He falls to the floor with his hands up protecting his face because Tyler is punching him. Then kicks him swiftly in the ribs. “Don’t fuckin’ touch her!” Tyler snarls while the guy is down on the ground staring up at him in fear. Tyler snatches the gun, whacking him with it. He is murderous! Taking a second to scan the area for me, Tyler freezes. His eyes darken menacingly and his face morphs into a monster trying to come to the surface. He stops short of firing, because I am on my knees with a very large black-barreled gun to my head. 
Furious, my captor shouts words I cannot understand and shakes me, making me whimper. He pulls my hair painfully, sending my hands to the back of my head. My chest heaves in need of oxygen. I am so afraid, I can’t even cry. I am going to die a bloody death.
“All right. Let her go,” Tyler says calmly, moving his pointed gun away from the guy he just beat up. Tyler raises his hands in surrender to let them know he’s serious. The beaten guy gets up with effort, taking the gun from Tyler and skulking away, embarrassed. My captor shoves me hard, and I fall forward hitting the ground, my hands barely making it out in front of me to cushion my fall. They leave, slamming the metal doors behind them.
“Just breathe,” Tyler whispers as he comes to me. I hear him but it takes me a minute to gather myself. My lungs are raw and I am shaking. “Junie, just breathe.”
“I’m okay,” I squeak with my tiny voice and I have to cough. I exchange wheezing and coughing for a few moments while face to face with the dirty ground. Strong hands tip me upwards and slip behind my knees and back. I am lifted in the air. Tyler has picked me up. He carries me across the cave and sits me down on a rock that juts out perfect for a seat.
“Take deep breaths,” he tells me soothingly in his sexy without even trying voice, and he crouches down low to get a good look at my face. “Just breathe.” I balance my forearms on the top of my legs and I nod, letting him know that I understand. “I know it’s scary shit. Just breathe.”

Tyler:

Rage boils underneath my skin; I have never felt such fury in my life. I want to shred the skin off these Taliban assholes! Captured! This shit happens but it doesn’t happen to me! And with a civilian I am supposed to be protecting! Bullshit! I kick the hard wall with my boot and pace. Thinking of all of the ways to kill these guys, real slowly.
Barely audible, Junie speaks delicately, “I’m afraid.”
Hatred coats my own fear and frustration forms a blockade on my thinking. There has to be a way out of this. I take a deep breath, trying to calm my vehemence before I address Junie.
I turn. “It’s normal to be afraid,” I say.
“You’re not.”
“I am,” I confess, looking down at my swollen knuckles and thinking about my team. Where are they? Are they safe? Are they stuck here too?
“You seem mad, not afraid.”
“For me they are one and the same.”
“What?”
I kneel beside her and place my hand on her knee in a comforting gesture.
“I’m afraid of failure. Being stuck here without a weapon or means of escape is a failure. My team’s mission was to get you to the Kunar orphanage. That didn’t happen. My guys could be dead or hostages too.” Talking about it makes me even more angry. I bang the side of my fist on the wall beside us.
“I don’t remember what happened, but in my opinion you couldn’t see this coming,” she says.
“This is a high capture area.” I motion to the room. “This is not uncommon.”
“What did happen?” she asks, curious.
“You sang a few bars of ‘Shiny Happy People,’ half of fuckin’ Afghanistan blew up, and the last thing I remember before passing out was being thrown from the truck.”
“I knew I shouldn’t have taken one of those pills,” she admits to the floor.
“What pills?”
“Strong anti-nausea medication for motion sickness. They make me really out there.”
“I’d have to agree. You were like a stumbling drunk.”
“Oh, no... that bad, huh?”
“On a scale of one to ten, you were a ten.”
“Did I throw up?”
“No.”
“Hey, then it worked.” She smiles and it’s beautiful. Even with the crusted up dirt and blood on her face, she’s stunning.
I snort a laugh. “If you were going for not throwing up, then yes, mission accomplished.”
I sit beside Junie on the rock and sigh. How am I going to get us out of this? Silence drips down the uneven walls for a long time. 
“What are you thinking about?” she asks softly.
“How to get us out of here,” I respond.
“Oh.” 
“Why, what are you thinking about?”
“My parents are dead. I was just thinking about seeing them if I died.” She shrugs beside me. “That it wouldn’t be so bad if that was the case.”
“That’s the way to do it, Junie. Use something else to mask your fear. Mine is anger... Hold onto that thought... that if you were to die, your parents would be waiting for you.”
“I’m going to try.”
The steel door creaks open, and I stand blocking Junie. They’re going to have to fucking kill me before they take her.
“Ajale kon! Dozd kasif!” The same two Taliban barrel into the cell waving M16s. “Ajale kon!” They rush at me. A different tact than the last. I swing but the second guy uses the butt of his gun to smash me between the shoulder blades. I crumble to the ground. Fuck! Junie jumps up screaming. I try to stand, but I am fuckin’ dazed.
“Stop!” she yells. “Don’t hurt him!” She tries to hit one of them but they swat her away like a fly and she hits the ground again. I hear the panic and sobs in her voice. She is freaking out. I shake off the pain and dizziness as I try to get up. I order her to stop as she struggles to get to me.
“Junie! Stay away!” I hold a hand up to stop her.
She listens miraculously, and settles, sitting back down on the ground, wailing. The two fuckers grab me under the arms and drag me to the door. Dirt and dust fly up into my mouth, and I spit it out. My legs slide behind me as they pull me past the threshold. “No...” rings out from within the cave cell as the door slams, cutting off Junie’s pleas.
“Shit...” I mutter as searing pain radiates through my head and down my back. What are they going to do with her? The fuckers haul me down the passageway into a room. There is one chair. FUCK! They toss me in it. I look up and see their faces before I am whacked in the face with the butt of a gun...

Chapter 3
Junie:

I am seized with a sense of debilitating queasiness that makes my head spin. This can’t be happening, it is too much to process. Where is Tyler? What are they doing to him? Trickles of panic slither down my back in an ugly feeling I have never experienced before. I suck in some dry, stale air to try and find a small part of myself that is calm. Mom, Dad, if you can hear me up in heaven, help me? Tell me what to do. I’m afraid. I wish they could come and get me out of this caveman nightmare! 
As I’m lost inside my mind of wishes that aren’t going to come true, the door opens. One of our captors from earlier comes in fierce and fast, eyes and facial features contorted. He is carrying a pitcher and rushes at me. 
“No!” comes out of my mouth automatically and I hold up my hands in defense. I back away in terror but he quickly catches up to me in the small space quickly. He lunges at me grabbing the back of my head, fisting my hair. 
“Aab!” he shouts, shoving the pitcher in my face and immobilizing my head. “Aab!” Water flows into my mouth, foul smelling and unclean. I spew it out, nauseated and scared. Some lands on the ground and down the front of my Adidas shirt. “Aab!” He squeezes my hair, pulling it from my scalp to bend to him. I struggle but more water falls into my mouth, choking and gagging me. He is easily overpowering me and it is sobering. I am a female prisoner, weak and looked upon as trash.
My eyes tear and my heart pounds in anguish. “Please stop!” I shout in my head. It continues until I think I am going to drown on putrid water. The pitcher empties and he lets my hair go but shoves me to the ground. He hits me in the head with the pitcher so hard that stars form in front of my eyes, momentarily blinding me. A second passes and I hear the door slam shut. 
I gather myself while sitting on the ground. I’m dizzy and my will is faltering. It is muddy where I’m sitting, and I stare at the mud in disbelief. My cheeks are wet with tears and I absently trace the word help into the wet dirt. I stand on shaky legs, taking a step back to stop myself from falling—tripping. I look down and there is a rock. A decent size one that must have been unearthed during my struggling. I pick it up and carry it, holding it to myself like it’s a child’s beloved stuffed animal that will offer me comfort, not a cold, hard stone. I sit on the ledge by the wall and cry until I reach a sob that makes me lose my insecure breath.

August 21, 2014

Tyler:
My head rolls around on my neck like it is not even fuckin’ attached. Shit, I’m awake. It’s been nice passing out while they take turns wailing on me. I’ve said my name, rank, and serial number so many times my lips keep going. My hands and feet are numb from being tied to the chair.
“Dozd! Stop!” Three of them are in the room. My eyes are swollen almost shut but I can see through a slit in my eyelids. They are pissed! It’s kind of funny in a fucked up way.
“I am Captain Tyler Alexander... United States Army... 039621555.”
“Stop!” my captors yell at me. My head falls forward from exhaustion and fatigue and one of the assholes plucks it back up. They hover around me and the guy pulling on my head lets it go. It flops, I have no control of it. I’d like to go to sleep again. I hope they hit me just right to send me back into unconsciousness because being like this fucking hurts too much.
“I am Captain Tyler Alexander... United States Army... 039621555.”
Captor number one gets in my face. “Stop!” Another one pushes the fucker. From being here a few months, I have picked up a little of the multiple languages spoken here; this sounds like a mixture of Dari and Arabic. I don’t know what they want because they haven’t asked me any questions. The only word I understand is stop. And they can forget it... I won’t stop. I picture myself killing them and the shameless intoxication that goes along with removing another terrorist from the planet. It’s kill or be killed in war.
 The biggest dude, captor one, shoves the two others, yelling at them. They can’t agree on whatever they are fighting about, probably on how to kill me. Without knowing what they are saying, their behavior is like chaotic bandits. The guy who seems like the leader whips out a knife and holds it in front of me and we face off for a moment. Our eyes are locked in a primal test of endurance. Quick thoughts are flying by in his stare. 
He reaches down and uses the knife to cut me loose. I fall off the chair flat to the dirt. A moan escapes past my lips. Pain radiates up and down every part of my body. This is hell. I pull my hands through the sand to push myself up but I have no strength. Pins and needles course around my limbs trying to wake up my nerve endings. They grab me under the arms and haul me to my feet, and I moan again.
 These fuckers drag me down the hallway—my legs and feet are useless. My mind screams to tell my body to stand up and fight—get away from them and get to Junie. I picture them dragging my body to some pit they use to dispose of the dead; I’ve seen them. A deep valley filled with bones of those once living, cast aside like yesterday’s trash.
 Finding a little bit of strength, I raise my head and crack open one eye. I am back in the same area of the cell they took me out of. I hope that they left Junie alone and that she is still there. And if she’s not, I hope it’s because she got the fuck out of here.
Captor number three opens the steel door and the two other jackasses dragging me toss me inside like a rag doll into the dirt face first. The echo of the steel door slamming howls in the cave.
“Tyler!” is screeched and I hear someone scrambling toward me. I tip my head just enough so my cheek rises out of the dirt. I turn my head with effort to see Junie hovering over me.
“What did they do to you?!” she asks in hysterics. “Holy shit!” Junie slips her arm underneath my chest trying to flip me over. It takes all her strength because I’m so beaten. I don’t have the energy to help her. 
On my back, Junie runs her fingers over my hurt body. “I have never seen anything like this,” she cries. “I don’t even know how to help you.” I shake my head marginally, letting her know without words there’s nothing she can do. Cool, small fingers wrap around my own. Junie is holding my hand. Her other hand finds its way into my crew cut and she strokes gently trying to comfort me.
I am so thirsty. Besides the beating I just took, I am starting to dehydrate. If they don’t give us water, the two of us will die in here. “Water,” I rasp.
“I don’t have any.” 
“Are you okay?” I ask.
“I’m okay,” she says but I don’t believe her.
“Did they touch you?”
She smiles weakly and shakes her head no.
That’s a relief. At least they left her alone. I would go friggin’ ape shit if they had done this to her or fucking anything to her. I reach out my hand to touch her face. She has been crying. “Don’t cry,” I order but the force behind it just isn’t there.
Exhaustion takes over and my last thought before passing out is what are they waiting for? 
Junie:
The lump in my throat grows with every second I stare at Tyler. He’s groaning in pain, passed out. I lied to him. I don’t want him to worry about me while he’s heaped on the ground in a bloody mess. 
Tyler’s eyes are red, puffy, and changing color. The bruises on his arms remind me of graying storm clouds in the summer. The sheer brutality of what these people have done to him makes me more angry than scared. I have no idea what to do for him but hold his hand. And holding his hand is different than anything I’ve ever felt before. I don’t feel the isolation or the loneliness that has consumed me since losing my parents, and him being beside me in this prison, knowing he’s not dead, awakens a deep emotional barrier that releases a flood gate. I lean down and kiss his forehead and he stirs.
“What do they want?” I whisper delicately.
Tyler rouses marginally. “They didn’t ask me anything.” He takes a difficult breath. “They just babbled in Dari.”
“Maybe they were trying to ask you questions?”
A cynical laugh emanates from him. “They were calling me a thief and yelling at each other.”
“How do you know?”
Tyler shifts with a grunt. “I have picked up a little of the language since I’ve been here.” 
“Well, it doesn’t make any sense,” I say, trying to find meaning in all of this.
“Nothing makes sense here. It’s war,” Tyler responds with profound simplicity.
His hair is cut in a military style fade, and I run my hand over his scalp in an affectionate gesture. He peeks at me with one eye and closes it.
“I’m okay,” he says. “I just need a few minutes.”
“Take all the time you need. I’m right here.”
“Time is something we don’t have. They’ll be back.”
Tyler lies in my arms and I hold him, wishing I had a magic wand to take away his pain and erase whatever they have done to him. Cruelty lies on the surface of this place. I have yet to understand it. I can only delve into my own experience which is quickly becoming strangely horrific. I run my fingers along Tyler’s head trying to comfort him, and I don’t let go of his hand.

Chapter 4
Tyler:

I am hurting. Mentally, I go deep within myself to find strength to get up. When boxers are on the edge of being knocked unconscious, they find a way to get up off the mat before the count of ten. I crack open an eye to see Junie. Her face is scrunched up with anxiety clearly written across her pretty features.
“Do me a favor,” I ask her.
“Anything,” she counters with a deep sincerity.
“Count to ten... slowly.” Junie’s eyes blink at me in wonder.
“To ten slowly,” I repeat.
“Um, sure….one.” I put my hands on the ground.
“Two.” I push up to a sitting position and my head spins.
“Three... four...five...” When my head slows a bit, I lift myself up onto all fours. “Six... seven...” Junie realizes what I am doing and holds me under my arms to boost me up. I’m kneeling. “Eight... nine...” I raise my right knee to place my foot on the floor, with Junie’s help, and she says, “Ten.” I am standing. She doesn’t let me go, and I lean on her and we walk over to a rock to sit on. I’m exhausted but little by little my strength is returning from the adrenaline that is kicking up from the cold, clear reality of the situation. My hands are fists, curled tight with frustration. We need to get the fuck out of here!
 “We have to do something!” I tell Junie.
“Tyler, you were just beaten up. Relax a few minutes, and we can figure this out.”
“I don’t think we have a lot of time. Who knows what they have planned next. We need to get out of here.”
Junie turns away from me, thinking. She makes sure I am sitting up on my own and then gets down on the ground, feeling around in the dirt.
“What are you doing?” I ask and watch her with fascination.
“Well, I’ve seen a lot of movies.” I can’t help but roll my swollen eyes. If anything, Flower-Power will have something amusing to say. “We could pull a Hollywood stunt.”
“A what?”
“You know... draw them out, you do some of your kung-fu moves, and wham... we run out of here.”
“Rescue and escape operations take planning and knowledge. How do we know where to run to? We don’t have a map or even know where we are. I am sure we are miles and miles away from any outpost without food and water. We need to get out of the mountains and across the desert.” I am not deliberately trying to be negative but I am going over the facts, not the what-ifs.
“We don’t have food and water now and there is no guarantee that they will give it to us again.” Junie looks down sheepishly, not meeting my eyes. I reach my hand out to touch her arm. 
“What do you mean?”
“They, uh. Well, one... came in here.”
I seethe. “Did they touch you? Hurt you?” I force her to meet my eyes. I don’t want her to lie again.
“It’s nothing.”
“Junie!” I raise my voice. “Tell. Me. What. Happened.”
“Um. One came in here and made me drink some water. If you want to call it that, it was foul.” She shivers thinking about it.
“Made you?!”
“He held my head and poured it down my throat. He forced me.”
“Shit! Are you all right?” I ask her but it’s in anger.
“I’m fine.”
“You lied to me. Who knows what the fuck was in that shit?” I comment, pissed off. She could get a parasite.
“I didn’t want to burden you with anything. It’s in the past. Being sold or raped sounds a lot worse,” she adds. 
The whole thing is fucked up. Giving her water means they want to keep her alive awhile. It doesn’t make sense. What the hell are they planning?
“Trying to get out of here is at least doing something,” Junie says, breaking me out of my thoughts. And I shake them off, concentrating on the now. “Don’t they teach you how to live off the land and stuff in training?”
“Yeah, but if we get caught, you may be seeing your parents sooner than you think,” I tell her solemnly.
She’s right. We need to strategize a plan and get out of here now. Staying ahead of the enemy by acting before they do. Whatever she is thinking is the only plan we have. Finding us is like a needle in a haystack in the mountains even if the Army knows we’re missing.
“So what’s your plan?”
Junie digs in the dirt with her hands until she uncovers a rock. A good size one. 
“This is my plan.” She holds the rock up in front of her, showing me, and a grin spreads across her face. I drop down to my knees in a painful groan to help her. Before I do, I lean in and kiss her, quick and chaste. Her is expression is shocked.
“Good thinking,” I commend wanting to someday really take the time and kiss her like she should be kissed.
We scrape at the dirt and in only a few minutes, we have uncovered rocks of all different sizes. A bunch of them are big enough to crush someone’s skull with. We talk as we work, formulating a plan that has a lot of holes and what-ifs in it. But waiting any longer is not smart. We need to get them to open the door when we’re ready on our terms, not theirs. I don’t know what these fuckers have in mind but I know none of it is throwing us a party with a buffet of food and wine. Or the intention of ever letting us go.
 Junie lifts the rocks, putting them into position. I move to stand directly in front of the door. I go inside myself to steel my strength, what is left of it. I shift my stance, putting myself on stable footing and at an angle to lunge forward.
“You’re up, Flower-Power. I hope you took acting lessons in school,” I quip, summoning my anger for energy. Thinking of all the ways I want to hurts these fuckers.
“Drama is my middle name,” she says, winking at me, and she goes to stand by the door. “You ready?” she asks, her voice shaking.
 I suck in a deep breath that hurts my ribs and signal to Junie to go. She wails on the hard metal door, screaming on the top of her lungs.
“Help! He’s hurting me! Help! Hurry! Aaaaah! No! No! Stop! Aaaaah!”
Footsteps draw near and a hand on the handle shakes it. It clinks as it opens slowly. Junie keeps up her screaming and yelling as she moves out of the view of the doorway. “Hurry! Aaaaah! Help!” 
A terrorist sticks his head in cautiously, his eyes searching for trouble. Junie lifts the rock she has in her palm and whacks him on the back of the skull. He falls down, and I spring, grabbing his head, twisting until I snap his neck. I have to thank the army for combative training. It’s mighty useful. 
Terrorist number two has been smacked on the head by Junie as I come up for air. He is a pile of stinking clothes and flesh on the ground. I do the same to him, twisting until his neck snaps in a crunch. Junie grabs the first guy’s weapon, and I rip the M16 off this guy. We are huffing in uneven breaths as we pin ourselves against the jagged wall to look out. It all happened in seconds and succinctly; we make a good team.
I raise the gun to my cheek ready to fire at a second’s notice. I go out first, sweeping the area for others as Junie shuts the door. I keep the barrel straight walking slowly forward, surviving on adrenaline only. The area is empty.
Deliberately, we slink through the caverns to find a way out. I sense Junie behind me, doing exactly what I told her to do. Keep an eye on the back of our very small team. I use my instincts to maneuver us through the labyrinth of pathways unskillfully hollowed out in the mountain. Our movements are gradual and careful but we have to get out of here before the two I just killed are missed.
By luck, we make it undetected to the main vein, and I see sunlight. It takes us directly to the mouth that leads to the outside. I motion for Junie to flatten herself against the rock, while I scout. Taking a few hesitant steps toward daylight, I hear voices. I step back to Junie.
“There are definitely people outside. Stay close and watch our backs,” I whisper.
Junie nods in understanding and we push on, hovering close to the cave wall. 
We are mere steps from making it into the rays of sunlight when a shout comes from behind us. “Stop! American! Komak! Komak!”
“Jump!” I yell, giving her an order, and Junie follows.
We leap blindly, landing on a massive rock below the cave opening. Shots are fired at us, but they miss as I shove Junie’s head down. They ping off the rockwall behind us. “Stay low,” I order. Small blasts of stone shower over our heads as we hustle our asses away from the Taliban camp. I scan the area for cover. 
“Down!” I instruct Junie. “Work your way down!” We hop and jump rock to rock, descending. Junie uses the rock face to steady herself and keeps her head down like I told her too. 
It’s a treacherous descent but we make it to cover. I spin around leaning on the top of a boulder and fire at our pursuers, sniping them one at a time. All three that I can see following us fall. “Keep watching our backs, Junie!” I say with the barrel of the gun firmly pressed at my neck and my eye in the sight. She smacks me with her hand. 
“Over here!” she shouts hysterically. She ducks as I swing around and fire, capping off two more of them.
“Go!” I order, and she scampers down the sharp rocks on her butt, the gun she stole across her chest. “We need to find a place to hide until dark,” I inform her through heaving breaths as I follow behind. Bits of rocks dislodge as we move, dancing down the huge formations of the mountain we’re following down. “They’re going to be fuckin’ pissed.”

Junie:

I keep moving, using my hands to guide myself down the uneven ground—alarm perpetuating my fear as I scramble to get away. I know Tyler is behind me; I can feel him. Sweat gathers all over my body, making my hands slippery. I rub my brow and it is gritty with sand that is sticking to me. Getting away is my only goal. Watching those Taliban pursuers’ chests explode in a shower of blood as they crumble to the ground as Tyler shoots them bursts across my vision and I don’t want that to be me.
Tall walls of rock stand as sentinel slabs in front of us. I careen forward and come inches from colliding with a woman. She appears out of thin air dressed from head to toe in a burka.
Tyler juts in front of me, militant and unfazed, forcing me behind him. His gun is trained on her.
“We don’t want any trouble, ma’am. We’ll be on our way,” he states.
My nails are digging into the back of his T-shirt as I clutch the fabric. Edgy and jittery with terror, my legs are moving but in one place as I watch the exchange between Tyler and this mysterious woman. 
“Ba man bia!” she says.
“Ma’am, please move away. We are not here to harm you.”
“Can she understand you?” I ask.
“I don’t know,” he says over his shoulder. “Back up.” I do it.
“Ba man bia! Ba man bia!” the woman says over and over, gesturing for us to follow her.
“She wants us to follow her,” I inform Tyler as I stare over his shoulder at the woman. “I think we should.”
“She could be leading us into a trap,” he says.
“Or trying to help us,” I counter. Thoughtfully, Tyler considers the options and raises the gun barrel to the sky. 
He nods his head to the woman and agrees, “Okay.”
The woman scurries into a fissure between two enormous boulders. We follow her into the narrow space, turning our bodies to fit. It’s highly claustrophobic and my already racing breathing from escaping capture and bullets is amping up with this tiny space between heavy things that will crush me. I have to readjust the gun to fit through the gap at one point; Tyler and I hold them over our heads to sidestep through the tight squeeze.
Ducking and moving through this space not fit for a human in the depths of this natural component created by the elements is surreal. A connection to a part of the world that is wildly tamed. I watch Tyler, afraid that he will be swallowed up into the orifice. My body keeps going without my mind having to tell it.
At the end, the rocks break, opening up into a whole new world—like out of the pages of “Aladdin and the Magic Lamp.” A primitive city is revealed, teeming with crowds of people from an ancient land. Merchants with tiny storefronts made of old boards and weathered cloths for roofs make up the sides of the main throughway. Alleys jut out in all directions creating a maze of hustle and bustle.
Women are clothed like our friend and the men in typical cotton dress-like shrugs; some have hats or turbans too in dark grays, tans, and black. Occasionally, we hear the word American.
Native men smile at us as we pass. It’s like Tess said, they seem happy to see us. The gun is heavy across my chest and I shift it so it is more comfortable. When I lower my hand to my side, I feel fingers entwine with mine.
“They’re staring at you,” Tyler whispers, holding my hand. He pulls me toward him, closing the small gap between us. A zing of electricity passes through me at his touch.
“Do you think they are staring because of the way we look? ...Beaten up?” I remark.
“Beaten up is something they see every day, they live in a war zone. An American female with her perky boobs probably in some expensive bra with the word Adidas across them, not so much. These guys are salivating.” I’ve noticed that Tyler never takes his eyes off our surroundings. Hyperaware that when he is talking to me, he never looks at me.
I assumed they were staring at both of us, but as I look around there is not one woman dressed like me. No yoga pants and T-shirts, only women covered head to toe.
The Afghani woman slips into a small cove and motions for us to come with her. Hesitantly, Tyler pulls on my hand, leading me, and we trail behind her. She stops at a thick fabric curtain for a door to a room carved out of the mountainside; the walls are rock. The only furnishings are a fireplace, table, and bed mats.
“This must be her home,” I utter.
She points to the table and it is low to the ground with grass cushions surrounding it. I sit on one on the floor, putting the heavy gun beside me. Tyler checks the room out, searching the small area. The woman takes a pot off the fire and pours water into clay cups. As I reach for the cup, I tell the woman thank you and notice my arm is caked with dirt, dust, and dried blood. Yuck! I take a sip and it is tea. Delicious! I close my eyes, relishing the taste and the relief it gives my dry throat. The cup is grabbed from my hand.
“Don’t drink that!” Tyler scolds me.
I open my eyes confused. “What? It’s boiled.”
“It could be drugged with opium flower,” he says, giving the cup to the woman. “No, thank you,” he says deliberately. “There has to be bottled water somewhere in this place.” He takes a good look at me. “Put your weapon back on,” he orders and he is mean about it.
“What is wrong with you?” I ask.
“Don’t get comfortable. This isn’t the fuckin’ Holiday Inn. It could be a trap. Rest, because we are leaving.” Tyler turns away from me, and his wheels are turning. He is thinking of a plan. 
I savor his presence and it’s amazing because even though we are running for our lives, in danger, with no food or water, I don’t feel alone. The empty isolation I experience every day isn’t there. Weird.
I stare at Tyler as he pulls back a small piece of the fabric door and watches. He is commanding and alert, his chest muscles straining the threads of his brown cotton T-shirt. Even all dirty, cut up, with black-and-blue-rimmed eyes, he’s kind of beautiful in a fierce way.
“So what now, G.I. Joe?” I ask, shaking off my contemplations.
He smirks at me, irritated. “Safety, water, shelter, food... Any more questions, Flower-Power?”
“Hmmm. I may be able to solve water. I reach down and use my finger to sketch in the dirt. I draw a picture of bottled water and write Dasani across it. I motion for the woman to look. “Do you know where these are?” I point. She nods.
“Ba man bia.” We follow her again out into the sunlight and the little town located deep in the recesses of Afghanistan. My fear has subsided but my adrenaline is pumping. I could run a marathon right now. It’s surreal: the landscape, the people, the smells. The sound of the native language chipping away at the din. It is so unlike anywhere I’ve been before, the sun so bright that it seems as though it is not the same sun that I know. This place could be a different planet. Is it being here in a war zone, in a foreign country, or it is Tyler?
We weave and bob past the shoppers, following this woman. Tyler takes my hand again, in a claiming gesture. If anyone comes near our personal bubble, he squeezes my hand tightly and tugs on me. I find myself contorting my body to fit in the small areas of congested townspeople as he holds on to me.
We approach what must be the town butcher. There are no refrigerated glass cases for meat. Just long wooden tables with slabs laid out. Above our heads, hanging on a hook out in the open and covered in flies, is a carcass. I can’t even identify what animal it is. I retch as we near it and use my free hand to cover my mouth. How is that fit to eat? I see the side of Tyler’s mouth tip up in a bit of a smile.
“Not a very strong stomach, huh?”
“Ugh... You’re just processing that information now?” I mumble through my hand, and take quicker steps, putting Tyler slightly behind me. 
Behind the butcher is a thin corridor; the woman leads us down it. My face brushes against clothes hanging on lines drying, which is better than the rancid-looking hanging meat. There are little doorways on either side of us, they must be houses. 
The thrum of a generator rattles and the sound gets louder as we approach. We take a left into a room that appears to be for storage. I am in awe as we step in. Pallets of supplies are stacked high—chips, soda, instant rice, and water bottles. 
“Where did all this come from?” 
“The Army,” Tyler comments dryly. “Load up.”
“Uh... what do I put it in?” I look around for a bag. Tyler finds a burlap sack and hands it to me. I fill it with water bottles first. I find a small box of granola bars. “Cool.” I catch a glimpse of Tyler and he is standing guard at the door.
“Hurry up,” he orders and I grab some chip bags. The water makes the sack heavy and bulging.
“All set.”
“Let’s go,” he commands, his voice low.
I turn to the woman who has been our savior. “Thank you,” I say smiling at her. “Thank you very much.”
“Thank you,” Tyler adds. The woman nods and I can see her smile behind her covering. It doesn’t seem nefarious or cunning; it’s sincere.
“Water and food: check, GI Joe,” I list for Tyler’s benefit. He smirks.
“Roger, Flower-Power.”
“How do we know what direction to go in?” 
“We’re going to follow the sun south and hope we run into a patrol.” 
Speaking of the sun, it is brutally hot. I thought it was hot in Florida where we left from but this is dry sauna hot... and dusty. Sand is everywhere.
I can feel liquid running down the back of my arm. I stop and twist to try and see it. “It’s from where I took out the shrapnel,” he says. “The cut is deeper than you think.” Tyler untucks his T-shirt and tears it. The shearing sound of fabric ripping is loud. He takes the strip, dabbing at the blood. He wraps it around my arm just below the Velcro thing he put on me in the cave and pulls it tight before tying it off. “Ow!” I call out.
“It may be getting infected,” he announces. “We’ll wash it out when we find shelter. Come on.”
We walk, hugging the rocky base of the mountains. Any further out and Tyler said we wouldn’t be able to find shade or cover if we are attacked. So we are sticking close to the mountain face and laboring over rocks and rubble. 
I’m exhausted and drained of energy. I am finding it hard to breath. The gun is like a lead weight around my neck, cutting into my skin. Tyler is carrying the food and water over his shoulder. I am beyond thirsty, but I don’t want to be the first one to take a drink of the precious commodity. There is nothing out here, just sand, rocks, and dirt as far as the eye can see.
“How far away do you think we are?”
“From my outpost, probably twenty klicks.”
“How about the orphanage?”
“That is way the fuck out.” He points at the mountain range. “Past those.
Moving during the hottest part of the day is not the way to do this but Tyler said he wanted to put as much distance as we can between us and the fuckers who captured us. Traveling at dusk is cooler and more efficient.
We keep going over the rocky terrain and I have to ask, “What’s a klick?”
Tyler laughs. “The outpost is about twelve miles away.”
“How do you know?”
“Once we came out of the mountains, I looked at the location of the sun and figured the terrain and the general location of where we were attacked. I am guessing but I am pretty sure.”
“So, we have to walk there.”
“Hopefully, there will be a patrol that comes by or a helicopter.”
Tyler was right. When night came and the sun went down it felt like a whole different climate. We’ve been walking, hiding, and resting all day. Tyler timed our breaks with when he felt we should drink to stay hydrated and washed out the wound where he took out the shrapnel.  The cool water on it felt great. It is so dark now that we can’t see anything in front of us, a mask of black.

Tyler:

“Over here.” Junie has done way better than I would have pegged her for. I help Junie step up onto the boulder where we are going to make camp. I crouch down behind it, and she settles next to me. I can barely make out her face in the night and that makes me want to reach out and touch it. Shit. There is an attraction to her that makes me uneasy.
“What now?” she asks, softly. I can barely make out her form and her voice is like music to me.
“We’re going to stay right here until daybreak, unless we hear vehicles on the road down there.”
“And?” she questions.
“And, we hope that it is an ally patrol.”
I can hear her sigh and I want to take in her breath.
“You’re doing great. Better than I thought.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
She’s got me. “The whole plopping your ass in my seat, popping nausea pills, shitty singing... come on, it’s obvious you’re no Girl Scout or devout member of the Peace Corps.”
“I’ll admit I hated camping as a kid, and maybe I jumped head first into signing up for something I underestimated, but I’m rolling with the punches.”
“That you are.” Silence stretches out into the desert night.
“My parents...” she falters. “They, uh, are keeping me going.”
“I understand,” I answer and wait before asking, “What happened?” 
“My mother died last year... cancer. My dad died five years ago.”
“Any brothers or sisters?”
“No, just me. What about you?”
“My parents live in Georgia, that’s where I grew up. Right outside Fort Benning. My sister is married and lives in Alabama. She’s having a baby.”
“That’s great! When is she due?”
“Right now.”
“It sounds like you’re close with your sister.”
“Yeah. I was waiting for an email when we got the op-order to escort you to the orphanage.” Tyler’s voice holds.
“That seems like a lifetime ago.”
“Try to get some sleep. I’ll keep watch.”
I sense her trying to get comfortable against the rock. I fix my eyes on the nothingness in front us, straining to hear anything—an engine, the blades of a helo... fuckin’ nothing. The moon is a sliver in the sky surrounded by dozens and dozens of stars. As far as anybody knows we dropped off the face of the earth—separated and ostracized, beaten and bloodied. We might as well be on the moon. There is nothing here but rocks, sand, and weeds. 
I think about my sister and wonder if she had the baby, if she’s okay, if the labor was difficult. What would it be like to have a family too? My eyes jut to where Junie is lying in the darkness. A wife, a house, kids—would someone like Junie mind living on an Army base? Junie is amazing—tough. I didn’t give her enough credit when we met. She really stepped up to the plate when the shit hit the fan.
Hours pass and I’m getting tired. My body is so spent from those fucking terrorists using me for a punching bag. Every inch of me throbs with a new pain on top of an old one. I stand and stretch to shake it off. It looks like there won’t be any patrol rescue tonight. It’s late.
My team. Faces of my guys flash before me like some B-movie trailer. I am lucky as shit to have them. They are good guys who do their jobs. My throat tightens thinking about what could’ve happened to them. Other teams have lost people and it fuckin’ sucks. Dammit! I hope they’re okay. In getting the civilian out, I hope I didn’t leave people behind. When I get out of here, I’m going to blow that place into oblivion.
Quiet murmuring is coming from beside me... it’s Junie. I bend down in the darkness and struggle to see her. Reaching my hand out, I make contact with her face and it’s sweaty. Violently, she tosses and bucks in her sleep. I touch her arm. It’s on fire. I kneel beside her and feel her head, she is hot. I put my lips to her forehead; she is burning up with fever. Shit! 
Blindly, I rummage in the bag for a bottle of water. Cradling her head with my arm, I lift her and pour water into her mouth. Through coughing and sputtering she only gets a little bit. I rearrange her, attempting to make her more comfortable by putting her head in my lap. A deep fear rolls its way up from my empty stomach. The granola bars we had earlier barely touched the surface of my hunger. In training, there were days when they only gave us one MRE and worked us hard. It was to prepare us for times like this. I never had any training that used this scenario, lost in the wilderness of Afghanistan with a female civilian sick with fever.
Junie thrashes and I hold her arms down. I talk to her.
“Just breathe,” I order in a soft voice. “Keep breathing. Don’t leave me.” She settles and I lean my head back against the hard rock behind us. My eyes close, I can’t hold them open any longer, and I slip away to sleep.
*****

August 22nd 2014
Tyler:

The heat of the morning sun wakes me. It runs a trail across my skin telling me to get up. I scrub my eyes with my hands trying to wipe away the sleep but only manage to get sand in them, fuck... agitating all of my cuts and bruises on my face that now have a new sting to them. My muscles and bones are stiff. 
I glance down and Junie is motionless, her head still in my lap. Panic sears my tired body, and I try to rouse her. She is motionless. Gently, I lay her down on the ground to examine her. Her arm is red and inflamed, puffed out around the wound dressings. I tap her face with my hand looking for some sort of response; her smooth skin is pale. 
After a few taps, Junie’s head moves on its own as she grumbles unintelligibly. I take the bottle of water and give her some the same way I did last night. More goes down her throat this time. I wipe away strands of her long hair that have blown into her face and fuckin’ laugh at the absurdity. She is captured by Taliban after only a few hours here in this hell hole, escapes from captivity, and a little tiny piece of shrapnel is going to be her fucking undoing.
I reach my hand in my pocket and pull it out. I don’t know why I saved the stupid thing. The sun reflects off the small metal splinter in my hand. It’s amazing how this tiny and innocuous thing can be so deadly.
When I pulled it out of her skin, it was like I had something of her. When I first saw her, sitting on top of her luggage with her long lean legs, one crossed over the other, illuminated by the headlights of our vehicle, I have to admit I felt something. She made me twitch and that never happens. It is easy to attribute any feelings in this place to the lack of exposure to females and the vain attempt at making this dismal place better. At the time, whatever I felt was squashed down by aggravation.
Shrapnel kills, and I’ve seen shit that is burned into my brain that I’ll never be able to wipe away. The helo run a couple of months ago always nags at my thoughts. If my team didn’t need a ride, I would have dodged the proverbial bullet and so would my team. We don’t talk about it, but it keeps me up at night. While I’m here I should be thinking of good memories, ones of sitting around the tree opening packages and shit with my sister on Christmas, not fuckin’ bad shit like the helo ride. Any good thing I try to remember gets stamped out by seeing those guys. Good guys, soldiers!
Our little alcove served its purpose, but the sun is beating down on us. I scan the area and close by there is a rock formation offering much-needed shade. I check Junie one more time, running my hand over her forehead. Dammit! She needs to move now! I pack up the one and a half bottles left of water and the few bags of chips we have left and two granola bars. Reluctant to leave her even for the minute or two it will take me to drop this stuff off and come back for her; I survey the surrounding terrain for the enemy. Certain that we are not being watched, I climb down, dislodging stones and debris that bounce down the rock face. I clamber over to a new area that will protect us better from the sun. I put our limited supplies down beneath it and do a recon of the new spot. 
The area is quiet, a void. If sunlight made noise, this would be the loudest fucking place on the planet. I stand and my bones crack with the abuse of yesterday. I navigate the rough façade of the boulders as I make my way back, hopping and jumping from footing to footing.
Junie is exactly the way I left her, unconscious and immobile, but beautiful. I reach down, slipping my arms around her, and lift. Guarded, I carry her, cradling her to me, unaware and limp. A longing to hold her really tight crosses my mind and the image of us curled up in each other’s arms in a large soft bed accompanies it. 
It’s much harder to walk and climb carrying her so I am more wary of my movements. If I slip, we will land hard on the rocks. I maneuver the uneven contours vigilantly like I’m carrying a bomb that may explode if jostled. 
The low bangs of mortars echo across the mountains and it sends an unwanted jolt through my body, the first sound I’ve heard since stopping here yesterday—the sounds of war. There is a firefight about ten klicks away. Living here in war, I can determine what type of artillery, the direction, and how far away it is. I focus my attention back on what I can control: keeping Junie alive with limited water and resources until help arrives.
It’s hot and I strip my shirt off, balling it up for a pillow for Junie to lay her head on. It isn’t much but it may make her a little more comfortable. I slip my fingers in her hair, cradling and lifting her head and bunching the T-shirt underneath. Her eyes flutter open.
“Junie? Junie, can you hear me?” I ask quickly, ecstatic she’s awake. She nods and mumbles unintelligibly. A knot of fear boils in my chest as I stare down at her in a pale fever. I reach for the water. “Here. Let me sit you up a bit.” I support her neck under my arm and she feebly tries to raise her head. “You have a fever. You’ve been unconscious. Drink this.”
“I’m so hot...” she rasps. As I help her sip the water so that it makes it down her throat, I joke.
“Yeah, you are... But you are burning up with fever too.” I see a ghost of smile on her lips as she relaxes back down with her head on my shirt. I wrestle with the idea of going for help. The chance of making it to friendlies with no water is slim. Leaving Junie unprotected is not smart. What if some Taliban fuckers find her? Shit. Shit. Shit. I can’t leave her. I walk away kicking the fucking unending stones beneath my feet, my arms tightly folded against my bare chest.
“You’re mad again.” Junie’s voice is tiny and hollow. I turn back to her and soften. Her condition is bad. I don’t know how much longer she can survive without antibiotics and intravenous. 
“Do you want some more water?” I ask. She shakes her head no.
“You need it,” she says softly.
I don’t listen and get the water. I repeat my movements of elevating her and helping her drink. She accepts the water. Good. 
“No one has come along?” she asks on a whisper.
“No. But they will,” I reassure her. Lying to her feels wrong but I don’t want to tell her that the chances of being found are much less likely if she can’t move. “Try to rest.” I lean down and kiss her lips and they are as hot as fire. Panic sears the ache in the middle of my chest. I’m not really sure if anyone will find us, ever.
Almost instantaneously, she falls back to sleep or into unconsciousness again. I am fucking thirsty, but I don’t want to drink the water. It’s all I have to take care of Junie, who needs it more than I do. If I only had a radio, I could have a MEDEVAC here in less than thirty. Or a satellite phone. I might have gotten lucky and it may have worked. Shit! I use the toe of my boot to dislodge more little rocks and pebbles with my foot, thinking, and all that I can come up with isn’t good. In fact, it’s fucking bad.

Junie:

“Dad! They’re back!” I yell, disappointed that the pumpkins are rotting before they get a chance to grow. I stare down at the garden that runs the length of our fence, circling our house, tilled and maintained with love and togetherness. 
“They don’t give up, do they?” Dad says, looking down at the beetles that destroy our pumpkin plants every single year. 
“These things don’t even give the plant a chance before they leech on like a cancer eating up all of the nutrients,” I remark. “Another year, no pumpkins for Halloween.”
“How you doing, Junie girl?” My dad’s voice is loud, sounding high and happy across the backyard. 
“Good!” I yell back.
“Are you catchin’ two birds with one stone out there?”
“Yeah, Dad.”
My dad is standing behind me as I am crouched down in the dirt. My hands are covered in mud, the water hose lying beside me. My mom’s favorite Tupperware is piled in a haphazard pyramid in the grass. The eight-year-old me is busy collecting vegetables and making mud pies in the garden behind our house. It’s early September and school has started. The air is cool against my skin but the earth is warm as it coats my fingers. Dad reaches down and collects a basket full of tomatoes and cucumbers. 
“Great job, Junie! We could open a store with all of these vegetables.” 
*****
“Mom! Mom!” I call out and see her shadow in the doorway to our house. “I think we’re going to have pumpkins this year!”
“That’s great, Junie!” she calls back. I wish Dad was here. 
“I’m here!” Dad’s voice rings out. “Let me see those pumpkins!” 
*****
Proudly, I stand by the garden pointing to the small orange orbs with thick green stems twirling neatly on top of the soil. 
“They look wonderful. But we have to go now.” His expression is pained. 
“Where?” I’m confused.
“We have to leave.”
“But I’m not done collecting the vegetables.”
“You’re done. We have plenty.”
“I want to stay.”
“You can stay. If that makes you happy.”
“I want to be happy.”
“Then go find it, Junie. You won’t find it here.” Dad is stern and it is unlike him.
I peek up at him and the sun hits me in the eyes so I have to squint. The sun is so bright that it makes them water. Tears stream down my cheeks, and I realize it isn’t the sun. I’m crying.

Tyler:

“Captain X!”
“X!” 
Shouting.
Shouts are coming from the valley below. Booted feet are running. I peel open my eyes dry from my dehydration. It’s Glitch. “Captain!”
“Medic...” I rasp, my mouth sticky.
Glitch barks into his radio. “MEDEVAC. Two people.” He lifts my head and fills my mouth with water, and I choke on it, spewing it all over me; it runs down my chest, over the sides of my lips, and down my neck.
“Junie... help her.” It comes out as a croak. They must get to her. “Not me. Her.” A slew of people are surrounding me. 
“Master Sergeant is taking care of her, Sir,” he blurts out quickly. A needle is jabbed into my arm. Glitch takes the bag of saline from the medic and holds it above my head as the drip starts.
“Sir?” the medic asks. My head whirls with the commotion and yelling. “Can you speak?”
I nod and say, “Yes.”
“Any injuries?”
“Not me. Junie... Infection from shrapnel...” I am lifted onto a stretcher, seamlessly and with a practiced precision. Glitch walks beside me as I am carried to the helicopter. I try to lift my head to see if I can see Junie. Glitch reads my mind.
“She’s already on board the other helo, Sir. They are lifting off.” I watch the sky as helo one takes off into the atmosphere with Junie on board. A part of me is sick at the thought of losing her.
A sickening roll of my stomach lurches. I reach my hand out to Glitch and he catches it in his as I ask, “Any casualties?” 
I don’t want to know the answer. But in my devotion to duty, guilt seizes me before he can even answer the question. I’m the commander; I’m the one accountable to my team and the civilians we were transporting.
“No, Sir, minor injuries.” Relief washes through me and I let out a breath. Thank God! “That was genius drawing that X on the rock. It’s how we found you,” Glitch adds.
I joined Junie by losing consciousness, after thirty-six hours on the rocks and forty-eight in captivity. I know my team and I know me. If someone was missing, I would be scouring the countryside looking for them by helicopter. It worked. I collected stones and rocks and used them to form a large X on the boulder near our simplistic camp. Big enough to be seen by air. I figured Junie and I would end up dried up skeletons hidden under a rock found years from now by nomadic Afghanis or Taliban traversing the mountains if someone didn’t come by soon.  
I hope it is not too late for... I can’t even think about it. My chest tightens in agonizing dread. Junie has to make it. 
The winding sound of the helicopter blades revs, and the air swirls and blows taking the sand and dirt with it. I am loaded into the open door of the aircraft. You can’t hear a thing because of the chopping sound. I feel helpless, and I fucking hate it. It’s like being a burden to the team. Everyone is staring at me and not talking. The medic takes my blood pressure and checks my pulse as we lift off of the Godforsaken terrain. Gunny taps my arm and gives me a thumbs-up. Beside him is Sgt. Jones, whose eyes are teary. It’s an effort but I raise my limp hand and give the thumbs-up back. Relieved, Gunny smiles at me. One by one, each one of my team raps my shoulder, touching me to make sure I’m real. The simple act speaks a million unsaid words and my throat tightens. They hover over me like I’m a science experiment, everyone except Gunny. He’s writing something on a wrinkled piece of paper that threatens to blow from his hands. When he’s done, he holds it in front of my eyes. I read it:
Happy trails. Until we meet again.
Shit! My eyes water with whatever moisture is left in my body. Good thing I’ve got an IV bag on me. I close my eyes and I am gone.

Chapter 5
August 26, 2014
Junie:

I’m freezing! My body is shivering uncontrollably. My eyes open and I see utility lights above my head attached to a white ceiling. A constant thrumming beep comes from nearby my ear. I look around, confused, taking in my surroundings. I move my arms to cross them over my chest because I’m cold and I notice the wires and tubes buried in the skin of my hand. I am wearing a white cotton gown and my legs are covered with a clean, starched white sheet. I’m in a hospital. How did I get here? 
A man enters my line of sight. “You’re awake!” he proclaims as he checks the machines surrounding me. “Good, you are almost finished with this bag. Just one more of antibiotics, and we can unplug you.”
“Where am I?” I whisper. 
He leans down close to me and raises the blanket up to my shoulders when he notices my shivering. “Army hospital in Kandahar.” He’s really close. I can see flecks of gold in his green eyes and his hair is a perfect dark blond cut close to his scalp. He’s dressed like Tyler and his team but his patches and doohickeys are different. His name tapes read Baxter on one side and U.S. Army on the other. “Do you want another blanket?” I nod and he pats my arm. “I’ll be right back.” He leaves and I want to yell at him to come back because I’m afraid and alone. The isolation that wraps around my heart is back. It was gone, but now it is back. 
I dart my eyes around as panic builds in my chest. What happened? The familiar loneliness builds and builds as I try to recall the last things I remember. My eyes shut tight against the memories. The emotions of fear, vulnerability, and despair sit at the surface—a war inside me. Heat crawls in and won’t leave, keeping me on the edge of combusting. The onslaught of images rages in me with the faces of our captors, horribly disfigured with holes in their skulls, replayed over and over.
Death was so close that I could taste it, bitter and sweet. My father was there, smiling at me, but so was Tyler. Tyler was relentless in keeping me here. His voice echoed in the recesses of my mind. “Hold on,” he said. “Don’t let it win, Junie.” “You’re strong!” “Your parents want you to fight it!” 
I’m not so sure. My father... he wanted me. He wanted me to do something, and I don’t know what it was. I wanted to get up off the ground by the garden and hold his hand. I wanted to follow him, but I couldn’t do it. It’s what I wanted but unable to just do it because the loneliness was gone. It wasn’t there anymore. Both Tyler and my father trying to get me to do what they wanted me to do and it made me tired, a fatigue I couldn’t fight. There was love, a ton of it, but it got tangled together with terror, compassion, and intimacy. 
“Here you go,” Baxter says as he comes back in.
“Thank you,” I murmur as he wraps me up and tucks in the sides.
“Are you hungry?”
“No.”
“The doctor will be in in a few minutes,” he tells me and a surreal experience overcomes me. I’m here but I feel disassociated from it all. My body is icy and numb. Maybe it’s not my body that’s numb but my mind after all that has happened. Where’s Tyler? I chastise myself internally for not asking the question aloud.
“Um. Uh. The guy that I was with... Is he? Is he okay?” I question. The man smiles at me.
“Captain X? He’s doing really well. He should be on his way back to his outpost in a few hours.”
“Oh.” I sound disappointed, and that isn’t my intent.
“Sunstroke, dehydration, and some nasty bruising. We fixed him right up. He’s tough as nails. He snapped right back and we couldn’t keep him in the hospital bed. Antsy, that one. He wants to get back to camp.”
“Uh... that’s good,” I say, elevating my soft voice to seem happy about it. An ugly abandoned feeling wells up inside me and it’s very familiar. He’s going to leave me here. Is he going to say good-bye? Maybe he came by while I was unconscious. I am selfish even in my own head. It’s irrational. “Has he... been by... to see me?” I question shyly.
He looks at me with pity. I don’t want pity. “No, ma’am.” 
A shadow of a new person overtakes the room. “Well, how are we feeling?” It’s a woman; her clip-on nametag says Captain Andrews, M.D. Yup, the doctor.
“Okay.” Wait and add, “Tired.” 
“That’s expected.” She takes a small flashlight and shines it in my eyes, lifting each one of my lids as she does it. Her brown hair is wrapped tightly in a bun and her skin even with no make-up is flawless.
“Do you feel nauseated? Headache?” She runs down a list.
“No,” I answer as she takes her stethoscope and listens to different areas of my chest. She then uses her hands to poke and knead my stomach and sides. 
“No inflammation,” she notes. “Everything seems good. Provided there are no complications you’ll be able to leave in a few days.”
“A few days?”
“You had a nasty infection coupled with severe dehydration. You need to be monitored for at least seventy-two more hours.” She takes a look at the hanging bag and the monitors. Is this the last one, Nurse Baxter?”
“Yes, ma’am. The saline finished at 0900. This is the last bag of antibiotics.”
“I want her on an oral antibiotic for seven days, morning and night dose, starting when this bag finishes.” She directs her attention to me. “You will have a prescription to take with you when you leave. Make sure you finish all of it.” I nod and look down at my bicep. It’s wrapped in clean bandages. It is very stiff, now that I am noticing it. That little piece of shrapnel did a number on me. “Get some rest,” she orders. “The patient can have clear liquids today and start on solid food tomorrow,” she tells Nurse Baxter, the guy with the amazing green eyes.
“Yes, ma’am.” I’m not hungry and too depressed to care.
Tyler never came to see me and it hurts more than it should. It’s been hours and he is probably back at wherever he lives. I’m alone. Caring again, getting hurt, all of these unwanted emotions rise to the surface. I need to crush them down or I’ll face a clone—the me I’m trying to fix. My parents didn’t choose to leave me, they had no choice. Tyler had a choice.

Tyler:

The blazing sun is casting the heat of ten ovens. It ensnares me as soon as I step outside. My team claps as I step forward into their view. Jones, Glitch, Gunny, Tabby, and Master Sergeant are waiting for me outside in the sandy outdoors in front of the hospital. Tabby brought me a new uniform and essentials while I was laid up. My spare set of dog tags was laid out on my clothes. Those fuckers took them when they captured me.
Vehicles are ready and new—or at least new to our team. The others that were in the firefight are most likely scrap metal in a motor graveyard after to being blown to shit. The grief of the whole ordeal is a vise grip on my pride. I blame myself for the whole fucking thing! I am very happy that they’re okay, but the guilt I feel is drowning me. 
“Sir?”
I make a circle motion with my hand to round everyone up and head out. The engines rev and the vehicles shift against the sand. I’m sitting in my seat in between the driver and the passenger seats. Images of Junie flash against my mind involuntarily and I push them away. I don’t need the shit that comes along with her. I have a job to do and a team. She is someone else’s fuckin’ problem now. 
The radio is quiet, the typical team banter nonexistent. As we approach the gate of the Kandahar base, “Happy Trails” sung by Gunny is the only lonely sound. The stark wilderness is in front of us and I stare at it as the mountains come into view. I’m numb and being with the team is surreal. A flash of reality swoops in and ravages me. I am damn lucky. There are plenty of soldiers that become a statistic as an MIA or POW. 
I hope this trek is free of complications on the way to the outpost. I need to check my email to see if Angie had the baby and then I just want to get to my bunk and sleep away the visions of Junie. The way her nose crinkles when she gets an idea or the way she accepted every little fucking thing in stride. She is going to haunt me more than the beating I took because being captured didn’t change me, meeting Junie did, and I fucking hate it.
“Sir? Sir?” Jones is talking to me.
“Yeah.” 
“You all right?”
“I’ll be fine.”
The convoy veers off toward our outpost. I continue to stare out, looking at the nothing that makes up Afghanistan.
“You didn’t say good-bye, did you?” Glitch asks.
“Nope.”
Jones and Glitch share a look and focus back on the road and terrain checking for the enemy. I need a few more days and I’ll be able to shake her off. Yeah. I’m still in shock and the whole ordeal is too fresh in my mind. I sit back trying to relax my beaten, tight muscles. The pressing fear of seeing Junie motionless and burning with fever is playing with my friggin’ emotions and it is bullshit! I tear at the ache inside me, ripping it until is it shredded into she is a distraction, forget her! Caring sucks!

Chapter 6
August 28, 2014
Junie:

“Good morning,” Nurse Baxter greets me with a tray of eggs and toast. “You look one hundred percent today!” 
“I feel a hundred percent. Thanks to you.”
He feigns embarrassment. “Aw, shucks.” The additional hole in my heart made by Tyler is still there along with my parents. I have to put it all behind me; obviously, he has. Feeling better has lightened my spirits and re-energized me. “There will be someone coming in to talk to you.”
Puzzled, “Really? Who?”
“The Army requires an after action report. You’ll be released at some point today, and they need some information.” 
While Baxter is talking, a man enters. He’s in uniform like everyone else, and carrying a clipboard and pen. “Hello, I am Captain Lannon, the JAG officer here.” I smile and offer a hello back as I adjust myself on the hospital bed to sit up.
“How are you feeling?” He jots some notes on his clipboard. “I heard you had a very harrowing experience.”
“I’m better than I was.”
“It must have been very scary.” He keeps writing while we’re talking, which is rude.
“Yes.”
“I have here an after action report.” Captain Lannon hands me the clipboard and a pen. “If you wouldn’t mind writing in your own words what transpired for our records.” 
I really don’t want to relive the experience. Tyler’s dismissal of me after what we have been through makes the acidic reminiscences even fouler. If I had to put a name to it, I would say I am devastated at the abandonment. He was so heroic and brave that this blatant disregard for me seems uncharacteristic. On a personal level, I felt a connection to him. I thought he did too, but I was just the mission to him.
Captain Lannon hovers over me and points to the long form for me to fill out. At the end, there are lines for me to tell my story. “This is going to take me awhile,” I tell him.
“I understand. Take your time. I’ll come back.” He leaves and I stare at the paper until the words blur in my vision. Where do I start?
I write everything I can remember and slip the pen beneath the clip on the board, realizing my throat is constricted by a lump. If I had to read the story I penned, I would feel so horrible for the person who had to go through it—brush after brush with death—a captive, gunfire, beaten.
“How are you making out?” Captain Lannon asks as he comes back into the room. 
“I’m all set.” I lift my story up off my crisp Army sheet and hand it over.
“You’re cleared to return to the States.”
“What about my assignment? I signed my life away for the next six months.”
I am stunned. It never occurred to me to leave. To head back the way I came from. Captain Lannon is giving me an out. I can leave and go back home. My stomach churns at the thought of leaving and not finishing what I started. I came here to work at the orphanage. Whether right, wrong, or indifferent it is what it is. I’m here and I’m going to follow through with this. I’m not leaving.
“Will you be getting on the next plane out?” he asks while reviewing my narrative with the point of a pen, skimming it and the completed form.
“No.” Captain Lannon’s loose attention finally settles solely on me. “I would like to be escorted to the Kunar orphanage.”
His expression is surprise mingled with confusion when he hears my answer. It is totally not what he was expecting.
“Are you sure? Maybe you need some more time to think about it.”
“No. I’m sure.”  I don’t want to give up, I don’t want to live on the side of fear. I’m here to make a difference—to be a part of whatever this is.
*****
Two hours after my declaration of “I’m sure,” I have been tucked into a small truck headed to the aircraft hangars. Just me and a soldier I’ve never met before. I’m in the passenger seat, so close to the windshield I can touch it. Yay me! I think sarcastically. Nurse Baxter packed me essentials and clothes of mine recovered from the attack. Some new pants and shirts the Army gave me too. The bag he stuffed everything into is an army green duffel bag, like the one Richard, my suspended-lawn-chair-buddy, and the other soldiers had on the flight over here.
It’s late bordering on evening, around the same time it was the day I arrived. I grab my duffel out of the backseat and swallow my anxiety when we stop at a hangar. I have survived so far, I can do it again, I repeat in my mind to rally my courage.
I look out into the distance and the sun is going down, setting. The low light in the sky makes the sand a golden color. It’s really beautiful. The vista makes me think of Tyler and wonder where he is. I stuff the rejection down, deciding to focus on where I’m going and not where I’ve been.
“This way, ma’am.” My driver ushers me to the helicopter, whose blades are slowly starting to spin. Their speed picks up into a high-pitched fanning hum. My bag is taken by the driver and handed to a different soldier. Confident and tall like Tyler, he shouts at me over the noise.
“I’m Captain Hulls! I’m the commander of helo team twelve! We’ll be escorting you to Kunar! This way!” He puts his hand behind my back guiding me to the wide open door of the helicopter. “Up you go!” He holds my hand, helping me as I scramble up and over the threshold. The aircraft has people already in it. One of the soldiers aboard points to an open seat.
I sit down and Captain Hulls hands my bag off to the nearest person and leans down to me, strapping me in. His face is so close to mine I can smell mint on his breath. A five o’clock shadow has sprouted generously across his jaw, making him dangerously handsome. Getting very intimately close, he talks directly into my ear and it tickles, sending shivers down my spine. “It’s going to be okay! Do not touch the harness!” He pulls on it across my chest for emphasis and smiles at me with a touch of playful wickedness. I blush and the wind blows my hair across my face as we lift off of the ground. “We have a couple of stops to make, but we’ll get there,” he informs me, smiling. 
Captain Hulls fastens himself into the seat beside me and I feel his gaze on me. Across from us, Nabbs, as it says on the nametape on his uniform, kicks his foot into Captain Hulls deliberately. They share a mischievous grin. I look away and out the open door of the helicopter. My heart is pumping with nervousness as we travel over the darkening open land of Afghanistan, the enemy hidden in the desert waiting to pounce. Tears leak out of my eyes and desolation consumes me. I hate this. I don’t want this wretched displacement any longer. I picture my mom and dad gardening together in our backyard, happy, content, and some of the loneliness slips away.

Tyler:

My bed has been the worst fucking part of being here in Afghanistan. I can’t get a good night’s sleep on this lumpy piece of shit. The past few nights I have welcomed it. It offers comfort and is familiar. With my team sleeping close by, safe, I stare at the tent ceiling as the air ducts bounce the green plastic, filling the space with hot air. 
When I close my eyes, I see her. The horrible memories of the explosion, capture, and shriveling to nothing on the mountainside don’t rise to the surface; her face does. Junie is unlike anyone I have ever met before, surprising underneath the first impression. I fucked up... I should have gone to see her. 
No! I don’t need the distraction. I have a job to do, missions and operations that support the organization. Chicks fuck things up. They raise the stakes and make everything you do questionable. When you’re alone, everything is clear, when you’re with the team everyone knows the job they have to do, end of story.
“Captain? A helo is setting down in an hour to drop off supplies,” Glitch calls out from the doorway.
“Thanks,” I call back, closing my eyes, resting them. I must have dozed off because a chopping sound wakes me. Helicopter. I rub my eyes and get up, slipping on my uniform blouse and buttoning it up. My joints crack with stiffness.
I walk out into the night past the tactical operations center (TOC), where we work and plan. The spotlights above highlight the gravelly sand every ten feet and cast shadows upon the tents. I walk toward the landing area, which isn’t marked because the pilots have designated areas and night vision goggles. The slicing flutter of the choppers blades slows. They must be staying for a bit.
Gunny meets me at the gate.
“What’s going on?” I ask. 
“They’re shutting the helo down while we unload. They’ve got a Civ. on board who needs to use the bathroom,” he relays to me. I nod and watch the operation.
Low lighting on the helicopter illuminates the expanse between the aircraft and the disembarking. Captain Hulls is helping a woman off the helo deck. He holds her hand and walks toward us. My guys and team twelve do the heavy lifting and protocol for logistical supply drops as I realize who the Civ. is... Flower-Power!... Junie! “Fucking hell!” I curse under my breath into the night.
“X?” Gunny asks. “What’s up?”
“It’s her,” I deadpan.
“What’s she doing here? I figured she’d be on the next ride out of this hell hole, not going deeper in,” Gunny comments, surprised as I am to see her.
They approach us and Captain Hulls’ grin is pissing me off. Why the fuck is he touching her? Junie’s watching the ground, looking upset. Hulls says something to her and she smiles, looking up. Our eyes lock in the dimness; she sees me. There is no doubt that the emotion that registers on her face is shock.
Gunny takes the lead and steps forward.
“Hello, Sir,” he addresses Captain Hulls. “Ma’am? I can show you to our latrine.”
Junie is speechless and so am I. Meeting like this is painful. A possessive ache trails up from my stomach. She looks healthier. Her baggy Army sweats make her irresistible. I want to scoop her in my arms and snuggle against her.
Junie begins to break off from Hulls to go with Gunny, her face sullen. Hulls stops her by keeping hold of her hand. 
“I’ll take her. She’s my responsibility.”
Fuck you! rings loud and clear in my head, but I hold my tongue. Outposts being fucking hours away from each other means nothing, word spread to team twelve like bullshit gossip. This stigma amongst the troops of getting captured is going to fuckin’ haunt my career. Hulls is being a jackass. 
Junie shifts and stands just a little too close to Hulls, and it makes me rip shit. It’s like we’re strangers now. She can’t even look at me. 
“This way,” Hulls says to her, and the way he says it reminds me of why I think he is such a dick. She goes with him and he doesn’t let go of her hand, like she’s fragile. I know better—she’s tough.
I can’t watch any more of this bullshit that I have no one to blame for but myself. I turn around to go back to my tent and see MSG Castro coming. 
“You’re in charge,” I order and keep walking.
“Yes, Sir.” 
And I don’t look back.

Chapter 7
August 29, 2014
Junie:

I can’t help but replay seeing Tyler; his predatory stare raised every hair on the back of my neck. I actually held a little fear for Captain Hulls. Tyler’s a whole different person than the one I spent long days on the run and in captivity with. I close my eyes and see him—his sexy smile curved perfectly to reveal two deep dimples, his snarky comments telling me to move my seat, comforting when trapped in the cave, strong when beaten, fierce when killing to protect me. He kept us alive in the desert.
Darkness shadows the orphanage, making it a silhouette of a box as we approach from the sky. Sand whips around showering the ground. The rotors slow as the helicopter settles and turns off. Captain Hulls, who has been very nice, helps me out of the harness and out onto the sandy ground. I’m thankful because my legs are like jelly with nervousness. Nabbs carries my bag.
The entrance to the orphanage is lit with a single bulb. Shadows of people tall and short are waiting in the distance. With the last rotation of the blades, figures come barreling toward us. Kids! Yelling and carefree. The soldiers scoop them up and chatter from all sides of me fills the din. 
I hear my name being called. “Junie! Junie!” It’s Tess. Before I can even react she wraps me in a hug. “Thank goodness you’re okay!” 
“Tess.” I smile.
“You look good,” she adds, standing at an arms’ length to size up my condition. “I was so worried.” 
“You’re okay too.” 
“Yes. Just a few cuts.”
A little girl, slight in stature, pulls on Tess’s shirt for her attention. Her thumb is lodged in her mouth until she says Tess’s name.
“Tess. Tess.” Tess spins and leans down to grasp the little girl under the arms, hiking her up onto her hip.
“Asal, meet my friend Junie.” Asal’s nose wrinkles with mirth and she hides her face in Tess’s shoulder, embarrassed.
“Hi, Asal,” I say as the thick fiber of my decision to stay washes over me. These children all around me are victims of a war-torn country. I cast my eyes on the small cliques of soldiers and children, soaking in the camaraderie before me. Captain Hulls startles me by placing his hand on my back and leaning in to speak to me.
“Ready to go in?” 
“Oh, yeah.” I respond, forgetting myself.
Tess and Asal follow Captain Hulls, Nabbs, and me as we enter the orphanage. Immediately I am assaulted by the smell: daycare and burning trash. The light is dim, illuminating the mud bricks that make up the walls. Chairs and a table that have seen better days are in the center of the hallway. Draped cloth covers the doorways that all stem off from this main area. A perky girl comes forward with straight long blonde hair and bright blue eyes.
“Hi, I’m Penelope! We’re going to be roomies!” She takes my hands in hers while jumping up and down. I turn to Captain Hulls and he gives me a look that says, lucky you!
“Come on.” 
Penelope pulls me through the orphanage to a pink cloth. She moves it aside to reveal a tiny bedroom with mattresses set on the floor. One has plain sheets and a wool blanket. The other has sheets with smiley faces and a matching comforter on it. Next to the smiley faces are books lined up neatly and a few pictures in frames. At the head of the mattress is a clear plastic tote that has clothes in it. Yikes! It’s like a college dorm room horror story! No desk, chair, lamp, or bed! Holy crap! It’s like camping in a stone building. 
“Junie?” I turn and Captain Hulls is standing in the doorway. “We’re lea...” he starts but changes to “Are you all right?” He must see that my eyes are like saucers at the accommodations.
“I’m good,” I assure him.
“We’re leaving. Here is my satellite phone number.” I wrap my fingers around the scrap of paper. “If you need anything, anything at all, call me.” He smiles at me and his offer appears to mean much more than if I need anything. He steals a look a Penelope, then asks, “Can I talk to you... alone?”
“I...” I begin but Penelope bursts into the conversation. 
“I can take a hint.” She beams and leaves the room.
I am left alone in my new shared bedroom with Captain Hulls. The tiny space seems even smaller as he approaches me. I step back and lose my footing on the mattress behind me, and I stumble ungracefully. Captain Hulls reaches out his hand to steady me. I laugh at my own clumsiness and he laughs with me.
“Are you sure you’re going to be all right here? You’ve been through a lot.”
“I’m okay. I’m good.”
“Are you trying to convince me or yourself?”
“No, really. I’m just surprised, that’s all.”
“Not what you expected?” he asks.
“Nothing has been, that’s for sure.”
Captain Hulls advances and holds his arms out to hug me, and I let him. He presses a kiss to my forehead and it’s nice. He gives me a sense of belonging. If I am reading it right, he’s happy that I am here. A spark of anger rises in me; this should be Tyler. He should be the one wishing me well and giving me a number to reach him, and my original impression of him comes flying back to me: gorgeous asshole!
*****
I feel like I am being watched. My eyes crack open as sunlight streams in through the bored-out hole in the wall for a window. Six pairs of eyes are staring down at me. 
“There you are!” Tess scolds. “Leave Junie alone. She’s had a rough time here.” Tess comes in the room, shooing the curious children away. “Let her breathe, for goodness’ sake.” They scatter in a loud rush of laughter and giggles as I force my aching body to sit up. I feel like I slept on a mattress with no support because that is exactly what I did. “How did you sleep, hun?”
“Okay, I guess. I’m really tired.”
“You should be. Every day for you has been an adventure, I hear.”
“Huh?
“Oh, you know how things spread.” She opens her arms up for effect.
“What do you mean?”
“It’s nothing bad,” she adds, dismissing it with a wave.
“Well, that’s a relief.”
“Captain Hulls is nice, isn’t he?” she asks, with cagey grandma cunning.
“I know about people like you,” I counter.
“What ever do you mean?” she replies, feigning disbelief.
“Pulling grandmotherly mind tricks to con information out of me.”
“Never,” she jokes.
“He is very nice,” I concede, “but that’s it.”
“You’re right. Tyler’s nicer.”
“Tess!”
“Finding yourself a soldier to settle down with isn’t so bad. They have great qualities. Honor... Duty to country... Uniforms.”
“Uniforms aren’t a quality.”
“They are when you like looking at men in them.”
“Tess!” I chastise, laughing.
“Okay. I’ll stop. Get dressed and come eat breakfast.”
I appreciate Tess’s interest in my life, but geesh, I’m only twenty-one. Hardly a spinster. 
A lively sing-song voice calls out to me, “Junie! Time to get up! It’s laundry day!”
Penelope. Chipper Penelope. Yay. I wish I could be as happy about laundry day. Hearing Penelope’s voice reminds me of Star. Where is she? She wasn’t in the crowd of people last night. I get up and I am fully dressed because I slept in my clothes. I push aside the pink curtain to our room and walk out into the orphanage. The six sets of eyes that stared at me earlier are sitting angelically at the table waiting for their breakfast.
Penelope puts down a cast iron pan filled with eggs in the center of the table. I notice the container by the stove. It’s army green and says “Powdered Eggs” across the front in thick black letters. No wonder these kids were so happy to see the soldiers last night, they’re how they are getting fed. I think back to the little town in the mountains and the pallets of food and water, courtesy of the U.S. Army.
“There she is!” Penelope chirps.
“Good morning,” I say, feeling out of place.
Tess is busy loading plates and serving juice. “Can I help?” I ask.
“No, we’ve got this. As soon as the children finish, we can all sit down and go over a few things with you.”
“Where’s Hanif?” Tess asks no one in particular. 
A woman enters from the back of the orphanage; she is wearing a burka. In front of her is a little boy about ten, with a dark mop of hair and green eyes. His skin is tanned as though he spends most of his days playing out in the sunshine.
“Hanif,” Tess orders, “sit down and eat.” The boy shakes his head no. Maybe he doesn’t like eggs.
“Those are thief’s eggs,” he spits in a thick Afghani accent.
The Afghani woman leads Hanif to the table. She speaks a few gentle words in Dari and Hanif reluctantly sits down. Tess scoops a healthy portion onto his plate. He picks up his fork and jams it into the yellow puffs. 
“Thank you, Dariya,” Tess says.
As each child finishes, they get up and take their plate to a large plastic dish strainer. After I’ve spent a few minutes watching the morning routine, Hanif is the only one left at the table stabbing at his food with contempt. I’m a little tired of standing so I take a seat beside him. I notice Hanif watching me out of the corner of his eye, sizing me up. 
“Whew, Tess, is there some coffee? I really could use a cup.”
“Already brewed,” Tess answers proudly. “I could use one too.” Tess sets out four mugs that say GO ARMY and pours the rich, steaming liquid into each one. Penelope puts no-spoil creamer, sugar, and napkins in the center of the table. Hanif is paying attention. A lot of attention.
“Do you like coffee, Hanif?” I ask.
“Yes, but the women here don’t let the children have it.” His remark is loaded with resentment. “Before my father was murdered by the thieves in uniform, I drank it often as a treat.” Whoa, harsh... this is a turn of the conversation I did not see coming. I falter, losing my grasp on the situation. Then I have an idea. I take one of the mugs of coffee and a napkin. I wrap the napkin around the mug, covering the words GO ARMY, and tie it off gently so the paper of the napkin doesn’t split or rip. I place the mug in front of Hanif. 
“Here,” I say. “A special treat.”
“Why?” he wonders, suspicious.
“Because I’m here,” I tell him simply.

Tyler:

Date: August 29, 2014
From: Kandahar Special Operations Support
To: Tyler Alexander, Captain, Joint Special Operations Commander
ODA Operational Detachment Alpha team eight and twelve:
I. Situation: Friendlies in area. IED’s in area. Two enemy groups have been
identified in area, i.e. desert dwelling and mountain range. High capture area.
II. Mission: Suppress Enemy Camp (Identified by Cpt Tyler Alexander) WV35928322 at 2100
III. Execution: Four vehicle Suppression convoy, Apache Attack helicopter: four hellfire agm
missiles, 72 3.5 inch rockets in two pods, 30 mm cannon chain gun. Rounds 2,000 load 
with 20 high explosive, 81 mm mortar rounds and the complete 81 mm mortar system. 
Staggered formation, gunners on all vehicles. Vehicle one 50 cal machine gun.
Vehicle two MK-19, 40mm grenade launcher. Vehicle three 7.62 machine gun. 
Vehicle four 81 mm mortar rounds and the complete 81 mm mortar system.
IV. Command and Signal: Capt. Tyler Alexander, MSG Castro, team eight. Capt.
John Hulls, MSG Doon, team twelve.  Frequency: internal, team. Artillery: 
Howitzers, fifteen klicks. Combat Air Support: MEDEVAC, forty-five minutes out. 
V. Service and Support: none

Finally! I get to take out the fuckers who took Junie and me.
“Round everyone up!” I call out to Glitch, feeling liberated. “Suppression mission in two hours. Meet in TOC in ten minutes.”
“Yes, Sir.”
The operations center is a general purpose tent with all of the equipment, an area for us to meet and strategize as a team. Team twelve, Cpt. Hulls’s team, will be joining us on this mission. It’s seven o’clock now; we have only two hours to prepare. 
*****
Captain Hulls’s Apache helicopter hovers by the outpost until they see our trucks streaming out of the gate. The well-armed black bird shifts in the air as we join them. 
“Night vision,” I say to my team.
From my seat, I contact the helo and Capt. Hulls through the radio. “5-1, 1-4 will be in staggered formation, keep 1/2 klick at 6.” The helicopter dips and slips behind to put distance between us. “Two and four at 3,” I order into my mic and vehicles two and four move to our right. “Separate.” Vehicle one takes the lead. We are now covering more terrain and split into a formation that we can see each other but will be harder for the enemy to knock us all out should enemy engagement arise.
After a few minutes, Captain Hulls lets me know that the helo will be doing a 360 to scan the area from above. They do and then settle back into their 1/2 klick distance.
“2-1,” Glitch calls to me in the headset. “Green pickup truck at 11. Suspicious.” 
“All stop,” I order.
“Investigating at 11,” Hulls informs me.
“Roger, 5-1.” Static sizzles on the radio, Captain Hulls comes back on, letting us know that there is a box in the back of the truck, possible IED.
If we could just blow up the truck from a distance, that would make things safer for us, but because it is someone’s “personal property” we have to investigate and search first to identify the threat if it does exist. This can take hours because there is a protocol that must be followed to minimize loss of life—the Army adage, Hurry up and wait.
The explosive ordinance disposal unit, EOD, needs to be called in and it could take an hour for them to get here. We all have to “sit on the bomb” as they say. Captain Hulls calls it in and relays that the ETA of the EOD is forty-five minutes. The helicopter lands at a safe distance, powering down conserving fuel while we wait. 
My headset crackles and a voice from team twelve says, “You should go visit that little brunette over at the K.O. while we’re stuck here, 1.” For a second, I think the voice is talking to me.
“I would if I could, 2,” Captain Hulls clucks into the mic.
Shit! They are talking about Junie at the orphanage! I glare out of the windshield, fuming with the thoughts of Hulls and Junie. He’s an asshole. The thought of him going to the orphanage to see her makes me want to rip his face off.
Jones turns to me from the driver’s seat, able to hear everything I do in the headset, and sends me a look. He doesn’t have to say anything because I know Jones. I know what he’s thinking. I can read every bit of it in his eyes. She is your girl. Don’t let this fucker go after her. Don’t be stupid! I reach my hand into my pocket and wrap my fingers around the shrapnel I kept, a reminder of Junie.
I know, Jones. I am fucking stupid!
*****
I center myself on concentrating on the mission. Eradicating the camp where we were held is the priority. The truck has been suppressed. There was a bomb in the bed of the truck and we are moving forward. The vehicle rocks and bobs with the terrain and we are constantly maneuvering to avoid the craters in the earth left behind by explosives.
I see the formation of rocks that hide the village that led to our escape into the wilderness. My chest wells with revenge at the thought of these fuckers putting a hand on Junie. Their faces replay over and over in my mind as I remember each punch they gave me. My hands and feet tingle where they were bound to the chair they secured me in, unable to fight back. It only strengthens my resolve to remove these terrorists from the planet.
“We’re close,” I tell Jones.
“Roger.”
I pick up the M16 beside me, double checking my ammo. I touch the metal shard in my pocket one more time, readying myself. I bury my feelings deep inside and focus. 
“All stop!” I order and jerk my door open. “Go!”
 The helicopter hovers back a bit, waiting for us to clear the area. Everything happens fast. Our feet scrape the dirt and our guns are high on our cheeks, ready. Everything is green with night vision. We storm the cave, moving succinctly, checking for captives. The stench is exactly the way I remember it, filth and death. It is dimly lit, and it casts an ominous industrial puke white so we turn off our night vision.
 “Move!” I command.
 The cell. The one that Junie and I were in. I skulk toward it and pull open the door, expecting to see two corpses. It’s empty. They removed the two I killed with Junie’s help. Scratches in the dirt and rocks are evidence of our struggle. I see Junie so clearly as if I snapped a picture in my mind, hovering over me, worry in her eyes. 
I shake it off and say, “Clear.” I motion with my hand to keep moving forward. Everywhere we turn is abandoned, no signs of life. It looks like no one has been here in a while. With our sweep of the empty caverns complete, I use my mic to call to Hulls.
“Location, cleared. Stand-by Twelve-1.”
“Copy.”
“Out!” I tell everyone, without dropping our guard and switching to night vision when we pass back out into the night air. “Load up.” My team takes their places in the vehicles and I snap my belt on. The drivers swing the convoy around in practiced succession, never losing protocol or professionalism. “Twelve-1, Eight is clear.”
“Copy Eight-1.”
The whistle of a missile from the helicopter sails over the air and the explosion fractures the night, obliterating the entire side of the mountain that kept Junie and me captive. I am relieved that the place is gone.

August 30, 2014
Tyler:

After the successful night raid, my team, minus the sentry on duty, are in bed. My team is sleeping in after getting to bed at 0300 this morning. I can’t sleep, haunting images keeping me awake. Satisfaction knowing that place was blown to shit is commingled with ugly memories.  I make a decision, as I stare at the vaulted tent ceiling, to at least contact Junie at the orphanage to apologize for being an ass. It is the only thing I can think of to do. I could mobilize the team to go see her to apologize in person but that would be taking an unnecessary risk with the team right now. My adrenaline is pumping as I run through different scenarios that could happen with Junie.  A loud whistle rings out and I jump out of bed, racing to Glitch.
“We’ve got incoming!” I yell, rousing him. A mortar detonates, shaking our tent. He shoots out of bed and together we run to our artillery along the way, meeting up with the rest of the team. The lookout is firing. A constant whiz and whip of ammo slams the atmosphere racking it.
I make it to the TOC and Gunny is at the equipment and MSG is at the map. 
“What have we got?” I ask, plowing through the door.
“Enemy at two o’clock.”
“How many?”
“Unknown, Sir.”
The hum of another rocket screams over our heads and the lights go out.

Chapter 8
September 17, 2014
Junie:

I created seven little monsters after earning the friendship of Hanif. I became “the fun one” and what that means is that I have to think of ways of making chores entertaining and activities to fill the long days. I can see why they needed more people here at the orphanage. Just preparing meals, cleaning, and keeping everything sanitary is a full-time job. Occupying the children and teaching them takes all of my energy. 
Penelope is in charge of cleaning. Cleaning was never something that bothered me but with no indoor plumbing and sand everywhere it is no easy task. Tess is constantly in the kitchen making meal after meal for four adults and seven children. Dariya helps everyone. She might help with the cooking, or do a game with me and the kids. Having her around is great because she lives here in Afghanistan and is someone that the children can relate too. I enjoy when she cooks because it is always a recipe I’ve never had before.
There would have been one more person here to pick up the slack, Star. She didn’t stay after the attack on our convoy. When the Army offered to send her back home, like they offered me, she took it. I felt betrayed by not only Tyler but Star as well. She acted all high and mighty, as if coming here was a cake walk for her. One sign of trouble and she bails?
Beep. Beep. Beep.
I have been here for a few weeks now and I know the sound of the water buffalo backing up to the school. This water truck is for laundry only, it’s not potable. That is a different truck that comes on a different day of the week. Penelope is practically skipping to the doorway; she loves laundry day. Or maybe it’s the driver she loves to see. Mac is cute. He’s not tall but bulky with muscles—his neck is huge and he’s a sweetheart.
The kids have buckets and soap ready. Everyone knows their job. Each one, even little Asal, carries their own clothes out into the front of the school to wash them. Then we hang them on a clothes line to dry. Without fail, the clothes are covered in sand by the time we take them down to put away.
It’s everywhere. And it’s not the kind of sand that you think of when you hear the word sand. It’s not like the sand on the beaches of New England, thick, rough, and crystalline, and it’s not like the sand covering the shores of Florida, beige and pristine. The sand here is fine, like it was put through a sifter one million times and all that was left was the dirty fine granules. It gets in your nose, your eyes, and there’s always a thin sheen of it on your body even after you’ve showered.
It takes over an hour to wash and hang everything; I make the kids think that we’re done and that there is no game today. 
“Gather the buckets!” I order. “Put them back!” “Don’t forget your soap!” 
I pile up empty containers and nod to Mac to put “Operation Sandbox” into action. Mac opens up the back of the water buffalo and it spills out onto the sand. Some of the children are horror-stricken at the lost water. I carry the empty containers I collected and fill them as the water flows.
“Junie! Junie, the water!” one of the little ones cries.
Hanif isn’t fooled. He walks over to me and stands beside the truck. “So? What are we doing?”
“Sand castles.”
“What?” He is shocked. And that’s tough to do for a kid that has seen as much as he has in his short life.
“The wet sand is for building and molding,” I share with him. “You’ve never done that before?”
“We don’t normally throw water on the ground for fun,” he declares.
“I suppose not. This isn’t drinkable and...” I use his words. “A treat.”
“All set, Junie?” Mac asks.
“It’s perfect. Thanks, Mac,” I say gratefully.
“See you next week.”
“Okay! Come over here, everyone!”
The kids run and jump in the wet sand. They love it. it is cool to the touch in this oppressive heat. I take some in my hand and show them how to mold it. I take a small container and fill it with wet sand. I tip it over and it forms a brick.
For hours they play and build. Tess, Penelope, and Dariya come out and join in too. The afternoon passes quickly and we run out of water. The sun dries up the rest.
I walk each child over to the outdoor shower. I pump the handle and water rushes out of a large holding tank, and I rinse everyone off except Hanif. He insists on doing it himself. Not one of them complains.
“Pajama time!” I shout. 
They love putting their pajamas on early, eating dinner, then chilling out while I read them a story. It’s a perfect day for it. I am running out of books. I need to figure out how to get new ones here. The kids file into the building and out of the corner of my eye, I think I see someone in the distance. I look again but no one is there. I shake it off and head inside to help the little ones change and collect their soggy clothes to hang.
I change into a soft white T-shirt and cut-off jean shorts. My feet squish into the sand as I dash back outside to the clothesline to hang seven sets of little shorts and T-shirts. Juggling all of them makes their moisture seep into my own clothes, making my fresh white T-shirt see-through. Dammit! I curse as I look down at my cleavage outlined by the clinging fabric, hoping it will dry quickly in this heat.
The whirring blades of a helicopter echo in the distance, and I turn toward it, shielding my eyes from the blazing sun. It is setting down behind the school. The wind kicks up sand and strains the clipped clothes on the clothesline, pushing them parallel to the ground in a whipping dance.
Soldiers stream out of the open door to the craft. One very familiar soldier walks toward me as the chopping blades slow. Captain Hulls.
“You look surprised to see me,” he comments as a greeting. His face is cute as he smiles warmly at me. His eyes shoot down to my chest area and heat, unrelated to the sun, creeps up my neck and into my face. 
“Uh, I am.”
“Didn’t Tess tell you we were coming and bringing you dinner?” He is trying to keep his eyes trained on mine but they keep wandering to my boobs.
“Um. It must have slipped her mind,” I say, grabbing one of the kids’ shirts off the line and holding it in front of me. “Thank you. Let me just go and put on a dry shirt. Excuse me.”
“Sure. We have some supplies to unload for you. Where do you want them?” 
“Oh, uh. Let me send Penelope out here. She can show you.”
My face is beat red, flushed with embarrassment. He caught me off guard, that’s for sure. This is third time Captain Hulls and his team have been by. That is once a week since I’ve been here. Every time, he is very nice, thoughtful and is clearly interested in me, but he’s not Tyler. My stomach drops with disappointment when I contemplate for too long that Tyler has never come by or contacted me once. Bitterness has festered underneath my skin for weeks. I will never forget his face the night Captain Hulls brought me here. Tyler’s rage was clear as he walked away. Not even a hello. 
I rush to the door and Hanif is plastered in it watching the exchange between Captain Hulls and me. His expression is stony. I reach out, spinning Hanif back around and into the orphanage. 
“Please ask Penelope to go outside and supervise the delivery. I need to change.” Hanif goes reluctantly to do what I asked.
Flicking the curtain out of my way, I barrel into my room, change my shirt, and barrel right back out, smacking right into Captain Hulls. He grabs my arms, steadying me, and his eyes are not on my face but on my shirt.
“I liked the other shirt,” he comments, his lips tugged up in a half-smile. He is trying to look playful but instead it comes out slithery. I don’t respond and he lets me go.
“I was just going to do story time with the kids.” I am artificially cheerful. “Would you like to join us?” He is staring at me, and I am getting a bad feeling. He steps too close. I step back. He steps again, invading my space, and I collide with the curtain. He takes another step, leering at me, and I am panicking in the few seconds this has taken place. I take one more step back and it puts me half in my bedroom. Captain Hulls has an untamed glare in his eyes, frightening me. An uncontrollable urge to knee him in the nuts overcomes me. It seems like the right thing to do.
“Junie!” Hanif calls my name and it’s loud, breaking our eye contact. Hanif is watching us. I use it to sidestep away. I walk cautiously to Hanif and the tension doesn’t ease. “Come on,” he says to me, never taking his suspicious regard off Captain Hulls. It’s an uncomfortable moment.
“Story time,” I say to Hanif, putting my arm across his shoulder as I guide him toward the main room.
Dinner takes forever and I do my best to avoid being next to Captain Hulls. He senses my unease and he is not happy about it. I can’t even enjoy the Army version of Chinese food that team twelve brought with them. It sits like a rock in the middle of my chest. The helicopter lifts off and the kids wave good-bye.
“Time for bed,” I call out, corralling them. The only groan is from Hanif. “Come on. It’s getting late.” I follow the kids and put each one to bed, keeping to our routine. Typically, Hanif lets me know he is too old to be tucked in, but tonight he doesn’t shoo me away.
I pull back the covers on his mattress and he lies down. “I don’t like him,” he says.
“You don’t like any of the soldiers,” I counter.
“Especially him,” he counters back.
“He’s nice. He brought food, games, and some more books for us to read.” I try to convince him that Captain Hulls is a decent guy, and after tonight, I think I am trying to convince myself too.

Chapter 9
September 18, 2014
Tyler:

My email loads and I have a ton. These last few weeks we have been on a blackout. No communication and on mission after mission to get rid of the enemy and rebuild the outpost. It’s fucked up that I am more pissed at them for fucking up my chance to contact Junie than being attacked. Being in the heat of battle makes me more resigned that I need to fix whatever this thing is with her.
I scan each subject line, and mostly the emails are bureaucratic notifications and informational shit, but among them is an email from my sister. I click and open it to reveal a picture of a pudgy round face, my nephew, Kyle—small, pink, and perfect. Seeing the picture makes me immediately want to show Junie. I stab at the desire, shoving it down. It’s too soon and I am not even sure if she wants me.
Ty,
We miss you so much. I don’t want you to miss anything with Kyle so I am sending you a new picture every week. Everyone’s doing well. Mom and Dad are here every day helping Joe and me with Kyle. He sleeps all the time but when he’s awake, it’s so much fun that I feel guilty you’re not here to share this. Stay safe! 
Love you, Angie.
I miss my family and the lump in my throat at reading my sister’s words confirms it. As I scroll through more emails, I find a new spot report:
Spot Report: Northern Afghanistan
Date: September 17, 2014
From: Team Nine, Commander
Teams located in or around Kunar. Enemy activity influx. Maintain surveillance and engage if necessary. Suppress threat if possible. 
I stab the keyboard and shut down my email. I walk out of the tent, curse the blinding sun, and walk right back into the tent to my computer. Damn! I boot up and type:
Convoy Route Check, Kunar Orphanage
Date: September 18, 2014
From: Team eight, Commander
Team eight en route to Kunar orphanage, 0900.
I hear Glitch’s boots on the hard sub floor.
“Load us up, we’re going to the orphanage,” I order as I stab my finger on the keyboard one last time. 
“Sir?”
“Spot report came in for northern sector, I think we should scout the area.”
“Scout the area?”
“Yes. Scout. The. Area,” I say slow and cocky.
“Yes, Sir,” he replies before leaving to ready the equipment and team. 
I grab my blouse, buttoning it up, and my helmet. I reach for the piece of metal by my computer and put it in my pocket. Junie’s face is on the forefront of my mind, and I can’t get it to go away. 
Out by the trucks, everyone is doing their jobs, safety checks, equipment, and supplies. MSG Castro approaches me, “Sir, is everything okay?” 
“Everything is fine,” I return and add the signal to roll out. 
Three vehicles drive out into the dusty desert like we’ve done so many times before. Gunny sings “Happy Trails,” and the chatter begins.
“Estimated time of arrival at Kunar orphanage 1100, provided no enemy engagement, Sir,” Jones announces as he’s driving.
“Noted,” I reply and order, “1,2, and 3 scan all sectors,” into my headset.
“Roger,” is answered in unison.
*****

We’re close and my heart rate spikes in anticipation of seeing Junie. The trucks line up and come to a full stop approximately a hundred yards from the building. 
“Staggered formation, 360 perimeter,” I command. We exit the vehicles with M16s at the ready and fan out around the orphanage. I make my way to the doorway to alert the civilians of our presence. Junie is there, waiting as I draw closer. She’s angry. I suck in a breath and put on my game face. 
“What are you doing here!?” she calls out before I even get close enough for a conversation. I don’t take the bait, waiting until I am in a better position to discuss our mission. The other girl at the orphanage, another Flower-Power, peeks out behind Junie. “I’ve got this, Penelope.” Junie’s gaze is stormy, letting me know that I am unwelcome.
“Good morning,” I greet her and it comes out as callous jackass.
 “Why are you here with guns pointing in every direction? You’re going to scare the children!” Junie is pissed.
“We are doing an area check for hostiles in the vicinity. There have been reports of increased activity in this area.”
“We’re fine,” she seethes and walks away from me and back inside.
“Shit,” Glitch says from behind me. “She’s pissed at you.”
“Yeah, I know,” I agree. “Anything?”
“There are some tire tracks in the northwest corner. No sign of anyone.”
“Let’s do another check.”
“Yes, Sir.”
Glitch leaves to go back toward the northwest corner while I circle around to the back of the building. I survey the ground, terrain, and any signs of enemy activity. I look up for just a second and a boy is in the window watching me with contempt. 
“Hi,” I say.
“Come away from the window, Hanif!” It’s Junie’s voice. 
Damn, I miss her. I shouldn’t have been a dick to her. I should have kept in touch and stayed with her in the hospital until she was ready to leave. She could have chosen to go back to the States, and I wouldn’t even know how to find her. The thought sickens me. Seeing her today is a wake-up call that I want Junie in my life. I have to fix this.
By the time I make it to the back by the water tank, Tess is waving to me. I walk over to her.
“How are you doing, Tess?”
“Good, Tyler. Would you and your team like to come in for a cup of coffee when you’re done?”
I don’t know what to say. I want to be in the same place as Junie but she is so ticked that I don’t know if it is a good idea. 
“I’d love a cup of coffee, Sir,” Gunny chimes in from the other side of the structure.
“Sure, Tess. Thanks. We’ll be in in a few.”
“Great. I’ll get the pot brewing.” Tess disappears and I shoot Gunny a look.
“You don’t fuckin’ drink coffee,” I say under my breath.
“If Tess makes it, I’ll drink it,” Gunny responds, and he can’t even keep a straight face.
“Yeah, right.”
Comfortable that we scoured the surrounding terrain, my team and I secure the vehicles, grab a bag of candy that we like to have on hand to give to kids, and head inside for coffee. I am prepared for the cold shoulder from Junie and I’m not disappointed, except she’s not the only one giving it to me. The little boy, Hanif, is shooting daggers at me with his eyes—all of us actually. If I had to guess, he is probably from a village that supports the Taliban. He sits next to Junie and both of their faces are stone. The other kids are playing in another room.
“This is delicious, Tess,” Glitch gushes. “It’s way better than the crap we make at the outpost.”
“Yes, thank you,” Gunny adds. I nudge him with my boot. He looks at me, and I mouth ass. He laughs.
“Did you find anything out there?” Penelope asks.
“Some tire tracks,” Master Sergeant shares. 
“Tyler? When you have a chance we have some mail that was delivered to the wrong orphanage. Do you think you and your team could retrieve it and bring it back here?”
“Of course,” I assure her. “I’ll check our orders. If we are clear, I could have it to you in a couple of days.” Awesome, an excuse to come back.
“That would be wonderful.”
A little girl, sucking her thumb, comes in and tugs on the pant leg of Tabby. “Did you bring any candy?” she asks. The bag is sitting on a small table in the back of the room.
“We did,” he tells her, bending down to her level. “Come with me?” Tabby leads the little girl to the table to show her.
Junie:

Tyler and his team are relaxing with a cup of coffee in our kitchen. Tess is waiting on them, treating them as though they are royalty that decided to visit. My arms are securely folded across my chest. I have gone from feeling abandoned to feeling mad. How dare he come here and act all nice like nothing has ever happened between us! Ass! 
Hanif is beside me, and I gaze over at him for a fraction of a second and notice he is sitting exactly the way I am against the table with the same expression on his face. I realize how impressionable children can be. Not that Hanif has been a fan of the military and after my run-in yesterday with Captain Hulls, I doubt anyone is going to win him over. This behavior isn’t uncommon for him, but it’s important for me to set a good example like Tess and Penelope are.
Tyler comes over to me and I am taken aback. My sour face changes to disbelief.
“Can we go for a walk?” he asks me, his rich, deep voice low.
“Ummm,” I stammer.
“You don’t have to go with him,” Hanif says.
“It’s okay,” I assure Hanif. I push off from the table as my heart rate spikes with curiosity and Tyler’s proximity. I glance at him from the corner of my eye as we walk together toward the door. Seeing his profile sends giddy butterflies into my stomach. He opens the door for me and I step through out into the heat and sun. I don’t know what to do with myself so I shove my hands into the pockets of my shorts, anticipation clawing at me.
Tyler follows me through the door but we don’t walk. We stand face to face. He is looking at me and a rush of emotion I didn’t know he was capable of after his abandonment crosses his features. Right then and there I knew what I felt for him, he felt for me and it gave me a little peace. Whatever he is going to say to me, at least I know for myself that it wasn’t one-sided. I wasn’t crazy.
Tyler said one word, “Sorry,” and the wall to block the pain of rejection crumbles. His face is tortured, as if my response will be his answer to life’s conundrums. 
“I was an asshole. I’m sorry. I didn’t want to feel what was taking over me. I can’t fight it though. Even in this fucked up place,” he says, motioning to our surroundings. “I can’t escape what I am feeling for you. I know it is messed up to try to have any kind of relationship here but I want to know after all we have been through and what I did, if you want to give it a try.”
Stunned at his declaration, I am at a loss for words. He cares! Tyler comes closer, wary. He is unsure of my response but takes a chance anyway by wrapping his arms around my waist and hauling me close to him. I place my hands on his chest and he gazes at me for a long moment before descending. He kisses me. At first it is soft and gentle. Then I encircle my arms around his shoulders and his kiss becomes greedy, like I’m the only thing that matters to him. He says what I already know from his kiss as he pulls away just enough to speak. “I don’t want to let you go. Please give me a chance,” he pleads. I tighten my hold on him and continue the kiss, letting him know without words that I will.
Tyler holds my hand. “There is nothing quite like the smell of burning flesh,” Tyler says out of the blue and his words confuse me.
“Huh?”
“It was a Saturday. We took heavy mortar fire and our vehicles were shit. The only option was to abandon them. We walked in formation into a hilly area to wait for air support. The whole thing was very routine, no one was severely injured and we were tired, hungry and ready to get back to our outpost.” Tyler keeps talking and I don’t interrupt but I listen intently.
“We heard the chopper, it landed, we boarded, strapped ourselves in, and it took off. Typical protocol. About five minutes into the flight I spotted smoke in the distance, thick black and gray smoke. As we neared it, I looked down through the open door at the ground. Huge craters marred the earth where mortars had exploded. Within seconds, I saw them. Soldiers…our own… burning. I didn’t have to tell the pilot to land because they saw it too. We all did.” Tyler shuts his eyes against the images; guilt coats his words.
“Everything happened so fast. Each one of us spread out to help. To try to put out the fires, the people. We were only seconds too late. It must have just happened. We couldn’t save them. Their skin charred like firewood.” His voice was thick with remorse.
“There wasn’t any way for you to predict that. It isn’t your fault.”
“It feels like my fault.”
“Why?”
“Because maybe if my team didn’t get hit, the helo would have seen it, instead they had to come and get us.”
“It could have been reversed. Your team could have burned and the other camped out in the hills waiting for a ride.”
“It haunts me,” he confesses.  “All of us. The ones that didn’t burn… were covered in blades of metal embedded in their skin… shrapnel from head to toe. Cuts all over their bodies. I don’t know what is worse, burning to death or bleeding to death.”
“You have been through a lot and seen so much with your team… with me…. Some of it was bound to become a part of you.”
Tyler pauses in thought and locks his eyes on mine. Another piece of the Tyler puzzle gets fitted into place; he is suffering from survivor’s guilt and it is torturing him. I don’t show pity for him, he would hate that so I don’t say anything more. He said what he had to, and that’ll have to be enough. Men like Tyler don’t like to fail or lose, I can understand that.
“You’ve become a part of me.” He reaches into his pocket and pulls out something very small.
My eyes well up and tears hang on the edge of my lashes. Shrapnel. “You’ve kept that this whole time?” I ask in disbelief.
“In my pocket.” He twists the tiny piece of metal around his fingers. “It almost took you away from me.” Tyler stands, takes my hand, and places the cool metal in my palm. “I don’t want to lose you.” His hand travels up my arm and into my hair. He pulls me close again for a heart-stopping kiss. 
 “I’ll be back in a few days. I’ll bring the mail.” I smile and he tucks a strand of hair behind my ear. “I’m sorry,” he tells me again. “I’m going to make it up to you.”
I believe him.

Chapter 10
Junie:

A noise wakes me. It’s the middle of the night, and I hear whispers coming from the window. Confused and tired, I drag myself off my mattress on the floor, rubbing my eyes. I look out the opening that is a window and I don’t see anyone. 
I leave the bedroom, with Penelope sound asleep, and go to the front door. No one is outside that I can see in the darkness. I shiver with the cold of night and retrace my steps but passing my room to the back door. The voices are hushed but I can hear them better than I could in my room. I open the door very slowly and only a crack that I wedge my body through to the outside.
Hanif is talking to a man. I feel a rise of panic and I want to grab Hanif by the arm and drag him back inside. I decide it’s a bad idea. They are not speaking English so I don’t know what they are saying but I try to get a good look at the guy so I can describe him. It’s so dark and I can only tell that he is wearing a turban, pants that could be military style. Shit! Describing him tomorrow is not going to happen, because no matter how hard I struggle I cannot make out his features. Neither one is upset or angry. The man leaves and walks out into the blackness and Hanif walks toward me. I slip back in leaving the door slightly ajar. I wait by the kitchen for him to come back in. I grab a cup like I’m getting something to drink. 
Hanif strides in and jumps when he sees me.
“Junie!” he cries. “What are you doing up?”
“I could ask you the same question.” He is staring at me with a deer in the headlights look and I weigh my options. Do I ask him straight out who he was talking to and why or do I let him tell me? This could be one of the people Tyler was looking for earlier today.
“I couldn’t sleep so I went for a walk,” he admits sheepishly.
“I think you should stay inside. It’s dangerous outside by yourself.” 
“I’m okay. I’m used to it.”
“You go out in the middle of the night by yourself often?” I ask.
“Sometimes I do, other times I just lay awake in bed... thinking.”
Intrigued, I ask, “Think about what?”
“My parents.”
“Oh.” His parents and my parents are gone. Looking at him makes me thankful that mine didn’t die in a war zone and that I had them as long as I did. I was sixteen when my dad died and twenty when mom gave up her fight with cancer. I had more precious time that Hanif didn’t have. We’re the same. We lost a part of ourselves that we’ll never get back—a part that died along with our parents. “It’s hard. I know it is. I feel loneliness too.”
“It makes me angry,” he confesses and I think he is pretty bright to realize that’s how he feels.
“I can understand that.” I reach out my hand and put it in his for a moment. On occasion, when I look at him, it’s like looking at a much older person trapped in a ten-year-old body. “Let’s get to bed,” I suggest and smile.
“Okay.”
Together, we go to our different rooms and I can’t wrap my brain around what transpired here tonight. Who was that man? I vow to tell Tess first thing in the morning and have her show me how to use the satellite phone. I need to call Tyler.

Chapter 11
September 19, 2014
Junie:

I tossed and turned the last few wee hours. Visions of Hanif with the stranger consumed me. Anyone skulking around is not here with good intentions. I was up and dressed before everyone, checking outside the doors and windows the best I could without disturbing anyone. I make a pot of coffee waiting for Tess.
“What are you doing up?” Tess asks, surprised to see me, awake and coherent.
“There was a man here last night,” I begin, voice low, and Tess’s eyes bulge in fear.
“What man?”
“I heard some whispering and went to investigate. Hanif was outside talking to a guy. He was too far away for me to see his face in the dark.”
“Did you ask Hanif who it was?”
“No. I wanted him to tell me.”
“We’ve had problems with Hanif disappearing for hours and then he shows back up. Since you’ve been here... it hasn’t happened.”
“I think we should call Tyler. Maybe this man is one of the ones he was looking for yesterday.”
“We can try but the phone doesn’t always work.”
“Great,” I deadpan. “How do you get in touch with someone if something happens?”
Tess sits besides me and sighs. “This is the job. There are no guarantees. This is what we are here for. You signed away your life when you signed up for this. The military is very busy maintaining order the best that they can. They assist us but ultimately, short-staffed and stretched too thin as it is in this huge country, we are on our own. And when our contract is up, if they can find new people, others will come here and do exactly what were doing. Care for the children, keep them healthy the best they can.”
“The grim reality of the fate of these kids is gut-wrenching.” 
“It’s war,” Tess remarks. “You should know that better than all of us.” Tess’s allusion to my first few days in Afghanistan hits me sharply. And it really makes me think of Tyler. I know he felt something for me those days we were trapped together, and I know he has a job to do. “Let me get the phone so we can start trying to reach out to someone.” Tess gets up and leaves me to sift through my thoughts and they are so jumbled up I don’t know if I’ll ever get them straight.

Tyler:

Date: September 20, 2014
From: Tyler Alexander, Captain, Joint Special Operations Commander
To: Kandahar Special Operations 
Request for Weekend Pass, Qatar September 27-28, 2014
Air Transportation requested for above and 1 non-governmental official.
“Sir, the mail for the orphanage is loaded,” Glitch reports.
“Great. Have everyone ready in five.”
Coming to terms with what I actually want instead of how I think things should be has lifted a weight off of me.

Chapter 12
September 20, 2014
Junie:

The blast came at us from behind in a deafening hollow echo. Everything in my vision turned white, blinding me. When my senses returned, my body wanted to get up, but couldn’t, I was pinned. The entire orphanage was reduced to chunky rubble. A large piece was on my legs, keeping me from being able to move. I lay there waiting for more. I figured this was it, it was over, but no more came.
Crying sliced through from where the kitchen used to be. One of the kids! I pushed at the rocks and pulled at my legs, slowly freeing them. Luckily they weren’t broken. I got up and shocks of little aches vibrated on my skin. I stumbled for a few feet, disoriented. “I’m here!” I called out and stabbing pain resonated through my head. I was sore all over.
“Junie!” Asal cried.
“I’m here!” I said again. “I’m coming!” But I didn’t make it because I was grabbed and hauled away against my will.
*****
“I’m sorry,” Hanif says to me. “I had to.”
I turn away from him and stare out of the window of the old pickup truck we are riding in. Betrayed! My thoughts are all over the place with worry about the kids, Tess, Penelope, and Dariya. I don’t have to worry about Hanif because he is beside me with a gun pointed at my face. Disappointed doesn’t even begin to cover how I feel right now. We bounce along on the uneven road and I wonder if the gun will go off with the jostling.
“You didn’t have to do anything,” I counter. “You made a choice.” 
I gaze at the driver and the lower half of his face is covered with a cloth.  I go back to watching out the window, ignoring Hanif and his gun. I can’t even look at him right now.  If I turn my head a little more, I’ll see the terrorists in the bed of the truck with M16s pointed in all directions and it sickens me.

September 20, 2014 
Tyler:

Something is wrong in the distance. Where the orphanage should be is smoke. My heart rate catapults.
“Increase speed,” I command.
“What the hell!?” Gunny says into the mic, getting the same off feeling I have.
Something is very fucking wrong. The biggest fear I have becomes more of a reality the closer we get. Smoke billows into the sky in warning. The orphanage is destroyed.
Junie!
“Approach with caution,” I order, unbuckling and strapping on my gun. “360. 1-1, call in MEDEVAC!” The vehicle slows, and I jump out before Jones has parked it. 
“Sir!” Glitch calls after me. “Wait!”
I breach protocol by running straight at the pile of shit that used to be an orphanage. I can’t face losing her! I can’t watch her suffer again! My mind screams at me to stop because whatever is in there it knows I don’t want to see.
“Junie! Tess!” I bellow into the wreckage, stepping over haphazard bits of rock.
“Tyler!” Tess comes running toward me from a small hill on the west side of the orphanage.
“Where’s Junie!?”
“She’s gone!” Tess is in a panic, shaking. Her face is covered with black soot.
Behind Tess, peeking out from behind the sand, are Penelope, Dariya, and the kids.
“Is everyone okay?” I ask 
“Yes. Nothing but scrapes, bruises, and maybe a concussion.”
“ETA MEDEVAC?!” I shout into my mic.
“Twenty,” MSG Castro answers.
The rest of the team catches up to me, except Gunny who is keeping watch from his turret. Everyone disperses, knowing his job in a situation like this. Using an emergency medical kit, Jones and MSG approach the sand hill and evaluate the most serious injuries.
“What happened, Tess!?”
“Everything exploded! We heard a sharp noise. I was with Penelope and Dariya. We had some of the kids with us… we ran… but…” She falters, crying. “Hanif and Junie are gone!” My chest tightens and a plaguing vision of Junie trapped under the wreckage feeds my wrath.
“You couldn’t find them? They left?” Impatience is fueling my anger.
“Left,” she says, crying, and I am having trouble understanding her. “A truck pulled up and they took Junie!” Tess is hysterical. 
“Which way did they go?!” Tess is sucking in breaths trying to calm herself but I can’t wait. “Which way!?” I yell. She points north. Shit!
“Stay with the team, medics are on their way.” I spin and run, jumping behind the wheel of the closest vehicle.
“What the fuck are you doing?” Gunny asks, yelling to me.
“Going after Junie!”
“Wait!” Glitch shouts into my headset.
“Stay with the team!” I roar.
“No way! You need backup!” As Glitch is talking, Gunny has already settled himself in the turret and Glitch has popped into the passenger seat. They’re coming with me. Jones has taken Gunny’s position in the turret of vehicle two.
“Good luck!” MSG Castro voice carries through my headset. I whirl the wheel around with the gas pedal floored and we fishtail in the sand headed north.
“Tracks at 11,” Gunny informs me in the mic.
“There!” Glitch points. “They look fresh. Looks like a small truck.” The tire tracks indicate that it is most likely a pickup truck. I get directly on the tread marks, following.
“We don’t know how long ago they left,” Glitch states. He’s right but I don’t let that deter me or slow us down. I will get to her.
Junie:

“Where are we going?” I ask Hanif. He opens his mouth to speak but the driver strikes him across the head.
“NO!” the driver barks.
Hanif hangs his head and even though this kid is holding a gun to my head, I want to rip the driver’s eyes out for touching him, the bastard!
The driver keeps looking back at Hanif, who’s agitated now—fidgety. I shift in my seat and chew on my nail. This is so wrong. What did these guys do to Hanif? What did they tell him? Where the hell are we going? Icy fear trails down to my toes. What will they do to us?
I scan inside the truck, trying to figure out a way to stop it so we can jump and run away to hide in the mountains we are traveling parallel to, but we are going faster.
The driver’s demeanor changes and he keeps looking in his rearview mirror.  He presses down on the accelerator, and we speed up. He’s nervous. Two men from the back bed are yelling to him.
“Ba masheyen! Koh!” one yells into the driver’s window.
The driver slams down on the gas and the tires spin, shooting the truck in a swerving motion. I grab hold of the door handle and dashboard to keep myself steady. There is a lot of yelling and thumps from the passengers in the back being tossed around.
The mountains come closer as the driver drives erratically. Hanif is jostling around the truck too. Searing panic cripples my thoughts as I picture us crashing or flipping over. Bullets carve into the air cracking the din like glass.  I put my arm around Hanif protectively and watch in horror as we come within inches of the rocky terrain along the mountains. The terrorists in the truck are firing at something.
The roar of another engine makes me turn around, and I see a beige Army truck gaining on us. Holy shit! They are going to fire on us! They could blow us up! They don’t know we’re in here! The whirr of bullets firing in rapid succession pierces the side of our truck. I push Hanif down and crouch over him, shielding him with my body. His gun clatters to the wheel well in front of us. Tears streak down my face as the truck careens out of control. Hanif whimpers. I am having trouble bracing us so that we don’t flail—just like a rollercoaster ride, all you can do is hold on and wait for the next drop.
The driver is shouting, and I hear bangs and thumps of people falling out of the back. He flings the wheel to the right and left. If my heart could truly fly up into my throat, it would.
The driver recovers control and we are sailing over the sand. I want to fling open the door and jump with Hanif in my arms but we are going way too fast. The soldiers can destroy this truck easily. Why haven’t they?
“Stay down!” I tell Hanif.  “Hold on to me!”  I squeeze Hanif as tight as I can.  It comes with the front tire popping, crippling the truck.  I clutch Hanif.  We tip and the truck slides to a stop.  Thundering heartbeats thump in my ears.  The driver’s face cover slips, and I realize he is one of my captors! Shit! How did they know where to find me? A scream lodges in my throat. Helpless terror elevates and my breathing is shallow pants. 
Some people believe in fate, that no matter where you are in the world your soul mate will find you, or you them. I have to believe that fate wouldn’t be as cruel as it seems to me now. This is a twist of it that shatters my faith. I think of my parents. If I die in this truck, I’ll see them. I’ll be with them and the faith I have in that gives me strength. Tyler is a rebirth for me. I am not where I was when I landed here. The loneliness seeped into this sandy ground and love for Tyler took its place next to the love for my parents.
My eyes seal shut and the truck rocks with the force of something I can’t identify. I make my eyes open and the driver is lunging for me in the tiny space of the cab. He grabs me around my neck, and Hanif is being crushed beneath our struggle.
“Get the fuck off me!” I screech as only a few seconds tick by. I’m hitting and punching futilely. Fighting isn’t working. My foot hits the handle on the door and the contact makes me change my tactic. I hook my shoe in the handle and pull. The door releases, and I kick it flinging it open. My captor’s hand is crushing my windpipe, choking me. Hanif hits at the driver attempting to get him off me. “Go!” I rasp to Hanif. 
“No,” Hanif cries.  He scrambles toward the open door and I think he is going to listen and get out. Get away. I pray that is what he is doing but he has his gun trained on the driver’s head. My vision is blurring with an overwhelming compulsion to sleep… I am going to pass out from lack of oxygen. My eyes open and close in slow motion and the world slows down to a crawl. 
A man appears in the open window, tall, dark glasses, helmet, a soldier. He raises a gloved hand and shoots. Beads of blood spray in the air covering me. My head turns away on instinct, my eyes lids crushed together. When they open, I see Hanif coated in red—blood dripping off his face and hair.
I scream past my raw, aching, bruised throat, “Hanif!” I envelop him in my arms and cry.

Tyler:

I shot him. That fucker is dead. I yank open the door and drag his limp body out, letting it crumple onto the ground. They’re all dead! Every mother-fucking last one of them.  They won’t be abducting, torturing, or terrorizing anyone ever again.   A pestilence that haunts this country is a little weaker today.  A clean shot through the temple was too easy on the one driving—one of the parasites that had Junie and me captive.  All three of our captors died out here today.  I feel nothing for them.
I reach my hand into the truck and touch Junie on the shoulder.
“You’re okay,” I whisper attempting to be soothing while rage sits beneath my skin.
She is sobbing.  I can’t stand the few feet between us.  I close it by scooping underneath her back and pulling her out.  She won’t let go of the boy in her arms. I have them both and slide them out.  I lean against the side of the truck and sit the three of us together in the sand holding each other—dead bodies surrrounding us.  I rub Junie’s back trying to comfort her.
A helicopter is landing to the south of us. Help has arrived.  Captain Hulls is running toward us.  His team separates and scouts accessing the bloody mayhem.
“Tyler!” he shouts.  He approaches and his face is twisted with questions.  “Is she okay!?”
“She is.  And she’s mine.”

Chapter 13
September 30, 2014
Junie:

I feel a little embarrassed listening to my words being read by the general of the Kandahar Base. He’s a tall man with a very commanding presence on a podium. The dining tent has been rearranged with the tables to the side. Soldiers are lined up and standing at attention. I am with Tess, Penelope, and Dariya. We are the only civilians here for this.

After Action Report: Civilian Statement 

I was riding in a truck to the Kunar orphanage. I don’t remember anything after of how I got there but I woke up in a cell. Captain Tyler Alexander was in the cell with me. I was bleeding from shrapnel he removed from my arm. Cpt. Alexander used a tourniquet to stop the bleeding. 
We were attacked in our cell by Taliban. They had guns pointed at us. In an act of sheer bravery, Cpt. Alexander disarmed one of the Taliban. The other one grabbed and threatened me. Cpt. Alexander relinquished the gun back to the terrorists to avoid harm to me. Later, they took Cpt. Alexander. I was afraid for him, then myself when a Taliban came to the cell and forced me to drink water. He left. I was alone for hours.
Cpt. Alexander was thrown back in with me, beaten and bloodied. He forced himself to get up, and we planned our escape. He got us to safety. Cpt. Alexander hid us in the mountains until we were found. Cpt. Alexander is the reason I’m alive. 
Junie Michaels, September 30, 2014

“Captain Tyler Alexander, please step forward.” I watch from the crowd as Tyler walks to the general, his arms by his side, his back straight, and his head held high. “I present you with the Silver Star for bravery, engaging the enemy, and saving civilian lives.”
The general pins it on. Tyler has other medals and ribbons on his uniform already. 
“That is the third highest medal in the army,” Tess whispers. I swell with pride for just having known him. The small crowd of soldiers claps. I never imagined anyone coming into my life like Tyler, a man so deeply rooted in his beliefs and dedicated to protecting others. He’s an amazing man.
There is a small reception with drinks and dessert. I sip on a much needed and much missed Diet Coke.
“Are you staying for the rebuild?” I ask Tess.
“No, I am headed back.  My contract for the orphanage has been renewed twice.  I am ready to go home.  I am sure the people that replace us will love the kids as much as we do.”
“They are staying here at the base until the orphanage is finished,” I add.  “The kids love it.”
“The orphanage should be a nice one when they’re done,” Penelope comments.
“I’m going to miss you guys.” My eyes tear up. I really will miss them.
Tess, Penelope, and I exchange hugs and say our goodbyes.  We are leaving in the morning.
“How are you doing?”  I turn and see Glitch from Tyler’s team.
“Good,” I respond.
“I heard you have a little trip planned before you head back to the States.”
“Yes,” I answer, smiling.
“You’ll like Qatar. It’s not a honeymoon destination, but it’s cool.”
“Back away from my girl,” Tyler jokes to Glitch, walking up behind me.
“Congratulations!” I gush, touching the Silver Star, admiring it. He leans down and kisses me.  I will never get tired of them; his kisses make my stomach bounce every time.
“Thanks,” he says pulling me close.  He leans down whispering in my ear.  “How about a big congratulations to me after I marry you.”
My belly clenches at his words and the excitement for this weekend builds.  It has been a long time since I have been this happy.

Epilogue
October 30, 2014
Junie:

“Mrs. Alexander?” a young soldier addresses me; I see his rank insignia, SGT.
“Yes.”
“Why don’t you wait underneath the wing, out of the sun?”
“Thanks. But I’m okay. I’m used to it.”
My butt is sore from the strap marks of the chairs on the C-130. Hanif and I are standing in the sun waiting while Tyler grabs our bags from the luggage compartment underneath the plane. It is unseasonably hot for October. The three of us are headed to Fort Benning in Georgia. Tyler has been assigned to the Infantry unit for the next three years. He expects to be promoted to major since the job they put him in is for someone with that rank. I’m going back to college. I’m changing my studies to elementary education. Hanif starts at the base school on Monday. I’m worried. I don’t want the kids to treat him differently. Tyler told me not to worry because Hanif is now in a military family. The bonds are tight. I don’t understand it all, but I guess I’ll learn.
The past thirty days have been a whirlwind. Not a whirlwind like the days before that, a good whirlwind. I’m married and have a child to take care of. It was really hard convincing the Afghani government to let us take Hanif out of the country, but we did it. There is still a ton of bureaucratic red tape for his permanent residence in the States and adoption, but we’re going to take it one step at a time.
Tyler pops his head out from under the bird and the chain around his neck catches the rays of the sun. The piece of shrapnel he pulled out of me the day we met hangs on the end. I asked him why he has kept it for so long and wants to wear it. He told me that it is a reminder for him that he almost lost me, and that he wants to never forget; his deployment is a part of him now.
“How do you have so much stuff?” he asks me, his one duffel bag on his back and my luggage piled in his arms. “It got blown up… twice.”
“I don’t know,” I say, laughing. “It accumulated.” Hanif reaches out and takes his own bag from Tyler.
“Thanks, buddy,” Tyler says. “You got it okay?”
“Yes. I can handle it.” Hanif smiles at Tyler. Tyler musses up his hair and gives him a manly half-hug.
“Let’s go.”
At the gate is a woman with an infant in her arms, a man beside her. I recognize her immediately. My sister-in-law, Angie, and her husband, Joe. She is waving frantically at us.  I wave back. My arm is on Hanif’s shoulder, and I lean down to him.  “There’s your aunt and uncle, and the baby is your cousin.” 
I’m not the lonely person I was when I got here on the stifling hot C-130. I’m not the lonely person I was when I first met Tyler. I’m someone new. All the different parts of me squished together creating a whole new Junie with a whole new family. A person not plagued by loss or searching for something because the something I wasn’t looking for found me. We have some battle scars to overcome, but we won’t have to do it alone. All three of us left Afghanistan together. Hanif was looking for something to ease the loneliness. He thought the Taliban would do that for him, but instead it was me.  I found my family in Afghanistan, and I know my mom and dad would be proud.

Other books by Amy Rachiele:

Mobster’s Girl (1)
Awakening the Mobster (2)
Mobster’s Vendetta (3)
Mobster’s Angel
Frosted Over
Silencing Joy
Vampire’s Need (Historical Paranormal Romance)

Coming Soon:
Hellwalkers: Book 1 A Walk in Hell (Paranormal Romance)
Mobster’s Bones (Mobster Series Book 5)

Join me on Goodreads and Facebook:
http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/6150565
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mobster-Series/245610882223918
https://www.facebook.com/amyrachielebooks
Thank you for reading!

Dear Readers,
I hope you enjoyed Shrapnel’s Kiss. Life in a military family is not the same as the civilian life; I grew up in one and then married into one. I was taught by my father to respect the flag and all that it stands for. Being married to a devout Service Member and then having a child solidified my own beliefs in this amazing country.  I am proud to be an American.
The preservation of our freedoms on our soil is paramount. I have been married to a Soldier in peacetime and wartime.  It is never easy.  Duty, honor, integrity, and commitment are the key ideologies Service Members are trained in.  I am proud to be a part of it as a family member.
If you are interested in sharing your thoughts with me about Shrapnel’s Kiss or any of my other books, please contact me at amysbooks2013@gmail.com or visit me at http://www.amyrachiele.com. If you are inclined to do so, I would love for you to review Shrapnel’s Kiss. Your feedback and input are invaluable to a novelist.
Thank you for spending time in a fictionalized Afghanistan with Junie and Tyler. And a big thank you to all of the Service Members and their Families for their sacrifice.

In gratitude,

Amy Rachiele



