


Shadowing Thunder: Beneath the Abaya in Saudi Arabia


Emile Raymond
Copyright 2005 by Emila Raymond
Smashwords Edition








"This is love, to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment. First, to let go of life. In the end, to take a step without feet; to regard this world as invisible, and to disregard what appears to be the self."

Jalal-ad-Din Rumi

1. barns, and noble bikes
2. two Pakistanis
3. black polymer pants, black boots
4. hungry, disoriented, detached
4.5. muezzin
5. the wallet
6. black thobe speaks
7. “help me!”
8. the kitten
9. Hadeeth
10. ‘heal me’
11. seeking Mr. X
12. ‘criteria,’ and the criterion of Ra’ad
13. Qur’an, Surat 13: Ar-Ra’ad
14. spikes of Al-Sakr
15. three, ping-pong paddles 
16. becoming Munahy
17. thee, falcon




Shadowing Thunder







1. barns, and noble bikes



Amazing how much variety there is in the world, and how many different forms of the same basic shape.
He turns the page.
Like the German one spread across the centerfold of the colorful magazine he has just brought to his table. A clinical, perfunctory look is common for models of this country, almost predictable, whereas the Swedish version of the same thing – svelte, eager to go fast and play rough, but hard as hell to live with.
He turns the page.
Japanese. Refined, carefully nurtured by a tradition of sophistication and decree. No frills, no waste, remarkable achievements. Precise, confident lines but not so dangerously proud as say, the lofty Austrian models whose formidable height prevents half the male population from ever climbing on.
He turns the page.
No doubt where this one comes from. Years of sitting in bookstore cafés and poring over the latest glossy magazines have made him an expert at identifying the nationality of nearly any model. American, British, Japanese, Italian – earlier in the evening when he’d paused to look at the hottest one to hit the shelves in years plastered on the covers of all the recent issues, he thought immediately: this one is definitely Italian. And when he returned to the table and opened his favorite of three magazines to the conventional two-page spread, the reason for all the fuss became immediately clear. “Stunning” was the first adjective to pop out of his mouth, followed by “incredible,” and what seemed like a hundred others poured through his lips and past his tongue without his ever having caught any but the last, what was surely the simplest of them all – “beautiful."
But then – as he concluded later – they’re all beautiful, really. Something about the dirt bike is consuming. The basic shape perhaps, the way light leaps from the surfaces of so many carefully sculpted and engineered parts, teasing the eyes wide with impossible promises. Or maybe it’s the suspension: the limber, tall-reaching frames and narrow profiles. Towering, toothy and slender tires, a tiny motor tucked between the wheels in the center of the machine where the roar originates, that pulsating root of the metaphor, fly. From behind they’re especially lovely; the way the rear fender sticks out, inviting riders to climb on and twist the throttle, feel the rush – the thrust of being rocketed through rapidly-receding space without time for thought or regrets or considering the past of even a split-second ago. And from the front also, the shapely cowling stretched around the radiator on either side. The wide handlebars pleading to be held, waiting to be steered into action; together, rider and machine soar over mountains, into valleys, across unknown wastelands as one inseparable and inexpressible impulse.
Sitting on a dirt bike, a narrow-seated dirt bike is a joyous experience. He’s climbed on many in his time, settled down with a leg on each side, hands spread for the bars, one hand on each grip, the right one ready to be twisted, delicately grasping the source of the power. It’s like being inserted into something, like being attached, fixed – glued to a being that will in moments bring out the sweat, that will in seconds have him breathing heavily, hanging on for dear life, leaning around corners, flying over swells, a moment of air! 
Breathlessness!
And then thumping the ground again, compressing the suspension only to lift off again, lean again, hump again – twist the throttle off into space, and – gone!
In Lesotho he rode dirt bikes in places he didn’t know existed. Falling up and down mountains, clambering over steep inclines, tumbling down the faces of jagged ravines into liquid valleys plump with the fragrance of early blossoms. He’s smelled the depths, looked from over the heights, fallen into the abyss and cried there, hugging the bars and spinning around dizzily when the fall came and out rushed his wind.
Africa is the place for dirt bikes. Their naked, exposed frames, lightweight, maneuverable, belly-shaped contours. Tall suspensions that spring over rocks. Soft tires with claw-like grips that tear the back of the earth, ripping pieces of flesh while climbing and clinging like nails when coming down. Seats that are firm, bars that are wide, easy to be held when bouncing helplessly over terrain designed for falcons. Africa was the place where dirt bikes were natural, where dirt bikes made the most inaccessible valleys easy to penetrate. Dirt bikes, riding dirt bikes; there’s nothing more beautiful, nothing more thrilling, nothing more liberating than being stuck to a gorgeous machine, one with feeling built into it, sensitivity the design objective. Tall, lean, fast, flexible, sweat-producing, muscle-enhancing – life is dancing when on the bike we fly!

Raife slowly lifts his head from the magazine, careful not to draw attention to himself with any sudden movements, and scans the bookstore café for tables occupied by women, visible women. It seems as if there is one in nearly every corner. Reading a book, drinking tea or coffee, or just flipping through magazines while he, in timed ten-second intervals, watches them, amazed yet sorry it’ll be the last time he’ll see women for two years.
Women.
Something about women consumes him. The eyes perhaps, the way light leaps from the center of their pupils into the center of personal gravity and destroys it. The way one look can spin the earth out from under the wheels and toss the rider face-first into the dirt – followed by winded minutes of lungless gasping. Or maybe it’s just the structure itself, any structure: tall, short, lean, round, smooth, rough, light, dark – it doesn’t matter; each one is capable of taking the rider for a spin, for a trip into the steamy desert, for a rest alongside the tranquil lake, for a rushing and turbulent ride downstream where white splattering water leaps off the surfaces of rocks and bathes the sweaty lips of elated smiles. Or maybe it is the motor of their soul, the way they, and only they, can rewrite the future in less than a second. Like turning the throttle of a high strung dirt bike and ZAP!
Youcan’tseewhereyouaregoingandsuddenlyyouarethere!
Where?
Here?
What’sahead’sbehindandyouneversawitcoming!
Or maybe it’s what they can do, a miraculously elastic pelvis capable of being spread wide enough for the child riding within to emerge red and crying, its first experience of life outside the gurgling murmur. Having for so long been inside and nourished by the incredible structure that is woman – woman, who was temporarily inhabited by a developing organism – it returns to the world from whence it originally came, crying, yet without shame.
Woman, ten seconds of woman, and not one seems distracted by the occasional stares from the man sitting in the far corner who, having browsed the entire bookshop café, chooses yet another to consider.
This one is approximately fifty years old. Hair sprinkled with gray, skin lightly wrinkled, each wrinkle a story, a laugh, a weeping night collapsed on the bed, “how can I endure another day?” Lips growing thinner, have spoken many times, shared many dreams, many nightmares – many times have they opened and closed, bringing words, speechlessly accepting input with an “ahhhhh,” and then swallowing what is difficult to take. A tough day at work, an unresponsive child, a husband self absorbed, hypnotized by electromagnetic projections of women who don’t exist. An unresolved problem, a quickly resolved problem, a dying relative, a child whose cough is getting worse. The bus is early, the plane is late, the washer’s broken, the bank is closed, “the telephone bill!” They’re all there on the face of the woman Raife has chosen to observe for another ten seconds. Ten seconds is a long time to look at one face, especially an unknown woman's sitting half a café away and minding her own business, unlikely to be interested in a strange man with a stack of motorcycle magazines on his table. If details about her are read at a normal rate, ten seconds would take this long:
She has graying hair.
She has a nice big nose.
She has what seem to be green eyes.
She has shallow cheekbones.
Her breasts are just barely perceptible under her pink sweater.
She wears silver-rimmed glasses.
Her legs are crossed comfortably.
She doesn’t use hair spray.
She is relaxed and unconcerned.
She looks up.
Raife returns to his magazine. Ten seconds is definitely a long time to look at one person, especially one not supposed to be looked at. In ten seconds much can be learned, though not the details that take years, of course – the veiled smile that appears after a long day at work when she’s returning home and sees you walking the dog and from behind the wheel her face lights up in an infinitely revealing second in a way no other face can. The way she sits when typing, her back erect and her feet, one slightly behind the other, directly below the chair. Her eyes are focused on the screen but when you come in she turns for a moment, not physically, but her attention for a moment is given to you and when you place your hands on her shoulders she softens. Her hair smells clean when you kiss the top of her head and when she reaches around your neck with both hands, you know everything is just fine.
The little things are invisible, and the big things as well, when only ten seconds, a long ten seconds, are given to a strange woman sitting fifty feet away. How does she respond to things? Does she get angry, does she cry, does she stomp around with a resistant face and leave the room in a furious fuss? Does she laugh often? What does she do when the shift linkage breaks suddenly, half-way through the drive to exams across one border, after fifty kilometers of mountains in which policemen are unknown, or carrying machine guns? What does she do that day?
How does she think – in general, that is? What about dreams? Does she recall dreams and analyze them? Does she read books about machines, healing, psychology, history, physics, essential oils?
Novels – she reads novels on the bed with her head against the headboard because sitting on any of the chairs is too uncomfortable. And if she sits in the living-room on the couch a neighbor will interrupt her, and a half-day is lost entertaining someone uninvited though a friend. After all, she is American.
The novel this day is an old one: Uncle Tom’s Cabin. The other day it was Dostoyevsky, after that Dickens, then a modern piece about a guy trying to escape the Civil War. He died in the end and so did she, recalling just how rotten this stupid world is. The wars, the fighting, the insatiable greed that keeps children like those outside right now starving. And abuse. She hates abuse. Mention the word abuse and she gets taller, her voice deeper, her muscles tense. Big veins appear in her neck and she speaks from experience: beerbreath’d, fat, swollen things in the night. Hairy knuckles and backs of the hands. A silent scream, hiding in corners terrified. Abuse still clings to her sensitive structure, the durable one able to climb mountains with burdens on her head.

The new dirt bikes are amazing. Some have as much as twelve inches of travel, twelve inches from the motor to the ground, from the bottom of the motorcycle to the surface of the earth. One can fall from pretty big heights with such travel. One can ripple over rocks of great size, or rocks of smaller size spread uniformly across a trail over which one must pass quickly, or not at all. From the ground up, they are remarkable.
Raife recalls the rocks, how capable his bike was over the rocks. Big rocks, though work, were surmountable. Even those laid out steeply over the face of the mountain were ascendable with the right bike, the long-travel suspension. He’d ridden bikes over rocks like that in Lesotho, up the sides of mountains he would otherwise have never been able to ascend. The bike just hauled him right up and over the top. And then, when going down, when looking into the gaping wound below him, the bike said “hang on” and he did so – and after a terrified few moments of desperate clinging he was at the bottom, in the valley, the valley so beautiful. He’d never have seen such a valley if not for his bike, his American-made bike, the one he took with him to Lesotho, the one that took him everywhere, or rather, carried him everywhere. Without it he’d have been trapped inside the walls, cut off from air that flows in places unknown. He’d have been limited to his own interpretation of mountains far away, and valleys heard of but unseen.
But it wasn’t easy at all. The bike was heavy at times, especially after he got pitched off and slammed lung-first into the ground. A thousand times it seemed, after hours of struggling over rocks and being battered by mountains, he would collide with the earth in a staggering and rib-bruising thud. Then he’d have to drag his broken butt off the ground and then the bike’s. But every time he picked it back up, sweating and straining his exhausted muscles, he inevitably got back on and the bike carried him home.
Even with a flat tire, or a broken cable, or a fastener that had mysteriously fallen off in the depths of Poponyane, the bike carried him home. It was a good bike, the only one like it in Lesotho.
Raife raises his head. There’s another woman alone, sitting next to the wall and reading. It seems she’s drinking herbal tea, evidenced by the string dangling over the rim of the cup. Raife’s wife does the same thing, never takes the teabag out.
The woman is short.
She has brown hair, cut short and curled.
She is round, and attractive because of it.
Her hands are short and thick, nice for holding.
Her eyes are dark, maybe brown.
Her forehead is tall, her ears small, at least one of them.
She is dressed conservatively.
She reclines in her chair.
One leg over the other.
Her lips could be kissed easily, for the lucky one.
Eleven, she doesn’t know she is being watched, Twelve, her skin looks warm and fragrant. Thirteen, she is not ashamed. Fourteen, she reaches for her tea and raises her eyes.
Raife returns to his magazine.
The number of available bikes, including dirt bikes and other kinds of bikes, is astounding. From nearly every country, it seems, one can find the right bike. Some are imported of course, and others are native to the area. But wherever they come from or in whatever category they are fashioned, ultimately they’re all bikes, and bikes are simply beautiful things.
Raife turns the page to a big color picture of a touring bike, one of the latest models. It’s lovely, he thinks, immediately recognizing a form especially designed to enhance comfort. The seat is large and soft, the suspension sturdy yet lightly sprung, and the motor – a big motor hangs low in the chassis. For the long haul there’s nothing more comfortable than a touring bike.
Raife recalls his touring bike. He had ridden it around the country, nearly seven thousand miles in just over two weeks, and the bike performed flawlessly. Though large and heavy, there was nothing it couldn’t do perfectly; no hill was too steep, no twisty road too tight, no straight too long and tiresome. The bike just ran and ran day after day, smoothly, a big motor churning out gobs of horsepower; and below him, two large cylinders, one on either side, projected horizontally, each heating his feet on the cold nights, or on the cold mornings when the fog was thick. In the mountains when high above the clouds, where one night they got lost, where one night they were trapped in six inches of high-altitude snow, he stopped and sat in front of the bike, warming his hands on the cylinders, one hand near each, his body leaning near, fingers just close enough to sense the heat yet not get burned. It was one of the many rewards of touring bikes.
The seat on that bike was perfect. Thick and soft, just right for his skinny butt. More than two weeks of non-stop riding and yet he was never sore once, never shifted uncomfortably on the seat, never wished he had another seat, never regretted the seat into which he sank so deeply, everything soft and cushy. It was ideal, part of the appeal of touring bikes. Someday he’d have another and go for the long haul, ride in comfort up and down oozing swells of the road, two big cylinders to grab when it gets cold, a thick seat to sink into, bury the self, climb right on, and — fly!
Raife raises his head to view another woman, just off to the right, near one of the columns that hold up the ceiling of a remarkable bookstore. Two floors of what must be ten thousand books at least. Probably twenty!
She’s sharp, the kind they sell in movies, or perhaps the kind they use to sell movies. Raife wonders if without the sales she’d be so attractive, or if her appearance is merely something sold as attractive. It’s an old question, but the answer to which he’s pretty sure he knows: it doesn’t matter. Beauty is in the “aye” of the beholder, the one who chooses to see beauty. “Aye, she’s the one.” Doesn’t matter what the experimentalists say, or what you’ve been told; it’s what you want to see, what you take the time to notice, how skilled you are at overcoming the marketing: what you’ve been sold.
He looks beyond her for a moment up to the second floor. A few locals are reclining in soft chairs, comfortable and apparently at ease. They’re thick, the couches up there, and perhaps he’ll sit on one later. Anyway, the chair he’s sitting in now is stiff and hard, not comfortable for long sitting, though good enough for short hops.
He returns his eyes to the woman, looks at his watch and begins:
Her hair is dark.
Her body is slim, with orange-sized breasts.
She wears sharp clothes, designer stuff.
Her hands are thin.
Fingers are long, clean nails.
Arms are thin and legs long and slender.
Her nose is narrow, lips thick and pink.
Hazel eyes, big, wide open.
Short hair.
Jeans are bunched at a narrow waist.
She leans onto the palm of her hand, lazily.
Raife returns to his magazine, one of four he’s chosen for this afternoon. There’s an article about the latest high-tech sport-bike. It’s supposed to be the hot thing, even hotter than the sport-bike he had a few years ago, the one on which he raced around the country the year after riding the touring bike. Like the touring bike, it was a lovely piece of work, but the performance of the sport-bike was far superior, was simply remarkable: a twist of the throttle and,
LIGHT - SOUND - WIND
And it handled well, for sure – nothing like a firm, well-stuck lean around a corner on that bike. Both tires planted on the surface of the road, legs driving with the pegs, right hand controlling the throttle, left-hand fingers dangling over the clutch lever, right-hand fingers lightly perched over the front brake lever. It was a ride. Scraping elbows on the pavement, ripping through space half-on/half-off – knees bleeding when it was all over.
That bike was fast. It could handle. It was “lekker,” as the okes in South Africa had said. It was a different kind of bike though, designed with a narrower set of objectives. Like going around corners at high speeds, covering vast distances in vast-less amounts of time, and shaving air off the wind like a flying razor. Yet, in spite of what some bike theorists argued, it was also a comfortable bike. Just tuck in behind the tank, legs on either side, crouch forward to the bars and,
LIGHT - SOUND - WIND!
But you had to be careful with that bike, though, one wrong move at the peak of its capability and,

thud

...bones and flesh and internal organs turned inside out and smeared all over the road. No more bikes, no more love – just a big red spot once capable of flying.
Raife bought that bike because of the marketing. It was sold as a thrill, said to be the “fastest,” the “leanest,” the “hottest,” the thing every single guy wanted. It appeared on TV in full color ads, on the fronts of magazines and on the walls of shops. It was brilliantly painted, lean and sloping, had a big motor stuffed in a tiny frame, a narrow profile to throw a leg over. It was light, it would fly, it could do anything that made the eyes pop out – which is why they had told him to buy it, and why he did. He even drove all the way to Massachusetts from Ohio in one night; picked it up in the morning, loaded it on the truck and drove home the same day. That was the kind of thing you did for bikes like that: drove long distances, lost sleep, spent lots of money and almost crashed every time you rode it.
It was dark and glossy, with smooth, ebony lines, curves and contours, and a sinuous voice that whispered “touch me” every time you stood near it. He was shocked the day he first walked into the shop and saw it standing among the others: a red one and a yellow one. They were lovely, stunning, electric … but not like the black one, the dark one, the shadow with vague lines and erotic curves. It silently demanded attention, and got it. He spent as much time cleaning it as he did riding it, and nearly as much time staring at it. “Visual intercourse,” he used to say.
He was so impressed with that bike, well, all bikes really, he used them for the purposes of making a fancy argument in his graduate thesis, something technical about reality and all, that it is less something we experience and more something we create, that it emerges at the moment of observation as a synthesis of what is and what is believed to be. We don’t observe; we interpret. We don’t see; we feel with fingers already full of ideas about what they are touching long before they touch. But most important, he argued, what is touched isn’t, until it is,
Touched, that is.
Like most theses, it was a lot of puffery and gibberish except when he got so excited and wrote: "balancing the moment of inertia in a lean proportional to the radius of the turn, the physiology of both man and machine interact in a continual ontogeny, a generation-to-completion of new experience, of self."
He was musing at that time, and still is more or less, if the sportbike, or rather, bikes in general were beautiful because they worked, or because they were sold as beautiful – were marketed. It is that old question again, chickens, eggs, origins and all. What made bikes so beautiful, or for that matter, what made anything beautiful? And what is beauty anyway? Is it something we can even measure? Is it something that exists before we do, that we discover or learn about or stumble upon on a stormy night or during a golden sunset or in the sweltering afternoon sun? Is it something tangible or material or ethereal or – and that’s what happened when he got to asking all those questions: more and more sentences and less and less sleep and fewer days of understanding and so he just concluded in the end that it didn’t matter. Bikes were beautiful things.
Period.
Sure they were time intensive. Sure they were expensive. Sure they were even dangerous when not properly respected. But even more so were they a pleasure to ride, a pleasure to behold, even a pleasure to clean – rubbing all those smooth components, following with devoted strokes the contours of gloss-painted surfaces and highly polished metals. Waxing and rubbing, nooks and crannies, grips and holds. They were a joy to touch, as are all bikes, really. Nothing is more beautiful than a bike, any bike, regardless of its design. You just got to know what it needs, and have the patience and skill to give it.
Raife lifts his head. Another woman – many women today – is also sitting alone and reading a magazine. Resting her elbows on the table and staring over them into the pages. More magazines are under the one she reads; wonder what they are. He looks at her:
She is tired.
Lines around her eyes are deep, and lovely.
Her skin is pliant, but not loose.
She takes a sip automatically, not flinching.
Her back sags slightly.
Her legs are thick, and lovely.
Her hands are rough.
She allows her hair to dangle freely.
Jeans are worn, coat has been washed often.
She looks at her watch.
Eleven, she’s ashamed. Twelve, she doesn’t care. Thirteen: What does it count for in the end? Fourteen: I did the best I could. Fifteen: I failed. Sixteen: It wasn’t good enough. Seventeen, she is younger than she looks. Eighteen: I am being watched.
Raife returns to his magazine, not surprised to see there’s a story about a woman who restores old motorcycles. She buys them cheap at auctions or from the newspaper and slowly rebuilds them, piece by piece, until they are perfect again. She then either keeps them or resells them to interested buyers.
She seems like a nice lady. Middle-aged type, strong fingers decorated with many small scars, and arms thin but sturdy. Her hands are greasy even in the picture, and behind her, spare parts cover the walls. By the look on her face it seems like she’s a happy gal, and no wonder. Pictures of her completed work show she’s talented. Prices show she’s sharp.
A lot of that was going on these days, buying used bikes and rebuilding them. Some were simply old machines, thirty, forty, fifty years old, some even older, in more or less decent condition. Some were just abused bikes found discarded or left to rot in places they weren’t designed for. Raife had restored a bike like that. He’d bought it from his father, who had bought it years before from another fellow for fourteen hundred bucks. It was perfect when his father had bought it, absolutely perfect. There wasn’t a scratch, a malfunctioning part, missing component, flaw, mistake, or slight aberration. The owner had not only been gentle with the bike, but had maintained it at all the recommended intervals. He had always replaced parts with original factory items and had even stored it according to the best wisdom of the time: parked inside the barn on a thick mat to protect it against moisture from below, and veiled under a soft cover to protect it against the elements from above.
There were only four thousand miles on the odometer when Raife and his brother first viewed it, when the owner first took them into the barn, removed the cover and said, “Behold.” They were, as he must have surely predicted, stunned. Under the curtain was a beautiful, highly polished, original-condition, twenty-year old Italian motorcycle that looked brand new. It was brand new. Before the fellow even started it he removed the plugs, cleaned each with a spotless towel, and after replacing them as if they were of the finest antique crystal, he wiped the appropriate surfaces meticulously. He then did a little of this and that, checked this, adjusted that, wiped this, and in the end returned to a clean toolbox a clean tool.
He then explained the starting procedure, stood beside it and,
Roarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr…
What a lovely motor!
Roarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr…
What a fabulous sound!
Roarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr…
An auditory delight on wheels!
Roarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr…
“Aye, she’s the one!”
It was done. Raife and his brother were enslaved. Never had they seen a more beautiful machine. Never had anything filled them with such wonder, such utter wonder! “It’s awesome!” they cried simultaneously, two mouths and four eyes suspended over the floor. “Awesome!” they repeated, tears and saliva, beads of sweat – tongues struggling to produce the consonants. Great big vowels forming in their mouths and then, tears, more saliva, hands trembling and reaching. Memories appeared in regions forgotten - in the back yard throwing the ball, spring flowers, grass. I’m alive!
And then they rode it.
Roarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr…
You didn’t know it could be so, did you?
Roarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr…
You didn’t know just how well I could go.
Roarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr…
You didn’t even know it was possible.
Roarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr…
You didn’t even know how little you knew!
Roarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr…
Curves never before so grand, straight roads, I’m out of your hands and gone!
Roarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr…
Whistling over paths unseen.
Roarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr…
Dancing between legs shivering with fear.
Roarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr…
“Help! We’ll never get outta here!”
They begged the man not to sell it. Said they would send a check that very day. “Please sir, don’t let it get away.” When they returned home their father agreed, based on the descriptions of two boys who couldn’t sleep for a week and couldn’t eat, who walked around dizzily, seeing shimmering parts so neat in the trees; over there it is. Listen, I hear a voice in the wind, a breezy afternoon whispering,

“Love”

...see how she shines! She how divine are her movements. We’ll ride everywhere together, so all my friends can see just how lovely, just how lovely are thee.
Then it arrived, the father took a ride. “Wow!” he replied upon return, eyes wide, legs astride the most powerful thing he’d ever seen. 
So he put it in the barn.
And summer passed. Winter following it couldn’t last long, so cold it was. Small animals feeding in the rafters, insects creeping into hidden places. Unlubricated joints grew stiff – winter did its trick. Spring arrived, summer followed. He rolled it out once, showed his friends, eyes wide and sparkling. “Wow,” he said.
And put it in the barn.
Summer passed, then winter. Spring arrived. He removed it once, maybe twice, didn’t wipe it off, didn’t hose it down, didn’t give it anything fresh to wear, oil was dark brown. He started it, listened to it Roarrrrrr!
“Wow!”
And put it in the barn.
Ten summers passed, ten winters, ten springs later Raife found it. Oh such a mess it was. The paint was dull, the chrome rusty. The beautiful aluminum motor, once so polished and clean, was corroded, flecks of sheen on the floor below. The light was broken, the meters skewed, seat cracked and stiff, handlebars unused.
So Raife put it in his barn. Out came the motor, the wheels, the rotors. Off came the rusty surfaces, off came the corrosion, the dull coating of abuse and slow erosion. Once forgotten, now recalled; once abandoned, to be installed in a home again, one where it would roar as it had once done.
Every part was cleaned, every nook and cranny felt. Every knuckle scraped and torn, under every nail, dirt. Mornings were spent considering. Phone calls were made, parts bought. People explained how this should be done, where possibly one might find that. He opened long sealed chambers, peered into buried places, removed delicate parts from vulnerable gaps and from tenuous, edgy spaces.
He took it out of the barn, into the sun.
Roarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr…
Wow! So much to love.
So much to know.
So many places before unseen.
She’s lovely for helping us grrrrowwww.

Raife lifts his head, thinking about that bike and wondering, why do we abuse our bikes? It doesn’t make sense. So capable they are of enlightening us, so able they are to share those places we’d have otherwise only read of enviously, so much better they are than we. That’s the way it was in Lesotho. Those okes bought new bikes, beat ’em up for a few months in the mountains, dropped ’em, kicked ’em over and over again, and let them tumble down the faces of rocky slopes. “It’s only a bike,” they’d say, all the while waiting for the new model, anticipating the next ride, abusing the present one and dumping it as soon as the latest one appeared. It was never good enough, never. As soon as they saw another, the newest, latest, fastest, they wanted it.
“That new X is lekker,” they’d say, and the bike they were happy to ride the week before, from which so much pleasure was derived and for which only praise was spoken, was suddenly inadequate. So the next one would be purchased and enjoyed temporarily as the “best ever.” Then it, too, once the “newest one” appeared, was suddenly found inherently lacking. It was a senseless cycle, a senseless series of motorcycles that is, of being eternally dissatisfied and eternally unwise. “I’d love to ride that X, eh?”, or, “I wish that was my X.” And they’d stare at the other chap’s bike, pining away, wishing they could hop on at will, slam it in gear and go. 
It was one of the reasons Raife wanted to leave, the need for that other bike, the perpetual feeling that the present bike wasn’t good enough. The desire to ride that other bike, so visible in a place where nothing is covered, nothing hidden – little to be ashamed of in Africa. And there were some lovely bikes indeed. His was brand new when he’d bought it months before he’d left for Lesotho. He had been fantasizing about that bike for years, had imagined mounting it on a brisk morning, pictured flying it off the edges of teetering cliffs. He had even once dreamed he was riding it front wheel skyward over a road that was unpeeling itself right below his feet, and that was known to go on forever. It was basically the bike he imagined riding over terrain he couldn’t possibly predict existed. But then he got to Lesotho and - all the bikes! Wow! They were everywhere in the mountains, light, thin, fast, lean, strong, dark, powerful, golden, dirty, new, old, smooth, curved and used. Bikes in the mountains. Bikes in the wind! He wanted a new one: that longed-for-bike that wouldn’t be as soon as it was ridden. Toss it and get another.
Raife lifts his head, thankful he’ll soon be going to a place where it’s likely he won’t see any bikes. Not much riding in Saudi Arabia, at least not where he’s going. Won’t be trapped into seeing all the latest bikes, captivated by whatever colorful packaging is used on the outside to decorate the same basic components on the inside. Soon, two weeks to be exact, he would be boarding a plane for a place where public motorcycling just isn’t the in thing. Nope – and so there will be no more envious thoughts about what he doesn’t have, no more unrealistic dreams, no more ubiquitous bike advertisements leaping in his face every time he turns around. No, whatever bikes are there will likely be where he can’t see them, and he’ll be free.
Free?

Next to Raife is another woman, who seems to him the finest of them all: his wife, Maria. She has brown hair.
Her eyes are hazel, almost gray at times.
Her nose turns up slightly, with style.
Her lips are full and behind them are perfect teeth.
In her hands is a book on healing, another one.
Her fingers are thin and delicate.
Under the table, long legs reach for the ground, strong from walking in Africa.
Feet are large for a woman, nice to rub cream in.
Her waist is narrow, over wide hips below breasts of the right size.
She has nice ears, good for listening to Raife when he’s down, or up.
Eleven, she’s the wife he drove three thousand miles for. Twelve, the wife he’s climbed mountains with. Thirteen, she’s carried him through the valleys. Fourteen, over the peaks. Fifteen, across barren expanses where nothing could survive. Sixteen, cured his wound. Seventeen, caressed tired muscles. Eighteen, showed him the secrets he was afraid of, but needed to see. Nineteen, taught him courage. Twenty, fixed him when he fell off his bike and shattered his collarbone.
“Hey, what are you looking at?” She looks at him suspiciously.
“You. I’m going to miss you,” he speaks of the three months they’ll be separated. He in the desert, she in the woods.
“I’ll miss you too.” She smiles, though behind the light is a small shadow about three months long, the time Raife will be alone, lost in a strange place.

Raife returns to his magazine, and a story about some chap who’s been riding the same bike for twenty years. It has four hundred and sixty thousand miles on it, and every hundred of those is visible.
The man himself is smiling, sitting astride a bike of German descent, like Raife’s wife, origins from abroad. Those German bikes last forever if you take care of them. Especially the air-cooled, normally aspirated, twin-cylinder ones like the bloke in the magazine is riding, has been riding for twenty years.
“When are you going to buy a new bike?” the man interviewing asks.
“This one is not even broken in yet!” the fellow replies.
Raife smiles. Now that’s a guy he’d like to meet, one satisfied with one bike, the same one for twenty years. Likely he has some interesting things to say, though probably nothing about the new technology, about the other guy’s bike, about the bike he doesn’t own but wishes he did. He’s got stories for sure: about the time they  were lost, the time they broke down, the time the bike was nearly stolen, the time the bike saved his life. And tales, yes. He’s probably full of tall tales about the places they’ve been together, the crashes they’ve almost had, the falls, drops, highs, lows, mountains, valleys, storms and sun. They’ve been there, and will be there again.
“This thing will outlast me.” The man seems confident about his bike, the bike that owns him.
Raife turns the page to a picture of his bike, the one he took to Africa with him, the one he fell off, climbed on, cursed, loved, hated and repaired. The bike that took him from mountain to mountain without ever stranding him on one. It was the only American-made dirt bike at the time, a four stroke with a big torquey motor. It was a beautiful bike indeed, or is rather, safely stored at his best friend’s. Never gonna' sell that one.
Raife reclines in his chair, thinking about that bike, recalling the days spent racing through the mountains and looking into valleys over which he’d screamed for mercy. And the rocks, what rocks!
Everywhere a rock and no way around it. Everywhere another hard, suspension-battering, impossible climb in or out, falling every ten feet and getting up again, and falling, and getting back up, falling, getting up, falling, falling, falling. It was the hardest riding he had ever done, but the most instructive. He had learned how to get up in those mountains, and get up again and again, after being thrown down again, and yet again. And all without weeping.
He smiles. There was this one trail, just behind Poponyane, at the end of a slow section coming up from the bottom of a valley. It was a gradual climb over rocks and debris, between two large peaks on either side, right down the center.
Getting in was tricky and required careful maneuvering. It was dry at first, but as you neared the bottom, gradually it became wetter. You needed to keep your eyes on the path or you’d get bounced off one of the large rocks. It was deep, but gorgeous.
Just as you completed the slow entry into the valley, the trail opened up for a few hundred meters of smooth going until you reached the bottom of the ascending mountain on the other side, where the water rushed through a few times a year and where the deep scent of origins permeated a grateful nose. A long, narrow and humpy plain stretched out for about a dozen evenly spaced swells. If you were skillful enough you could hit them hard and fast, standing on the pegs with your legs half-bent, absorbing the impact of each fall and pushing off for the brief arc that would take you to the declining side of the next swell. Raife knew that trail perfectly by the time they had left, and he can remember it now. He sees that first swell approaching. He’s on the gas, hits it, and flies!
The motor’s roaring! He’s now rolling between two swells and ready to race up the face of the next one, his legs spring-like and set to propel him skyward yet again. He approaches it, sinks deeper into the bike, hits the top of the swell, thrusts! – and shoots skyward for a few secondsssss of weightless silence and glides and glides and then drops into the falling side of the next swell in a plush splattering of sweat, sinks into the bike, his legs bending at the knees, his arms loose and flexible.
Then, just as he reaches the deepest moment of energy-squashing stillness he stands on the pegs again and – thrusts! – and springs off the top of the next swell and rises and rises and rising over the dusty earth he glides skyward in a whispering-curvaceous arc descending just as silently for another whoop and hump and drops down into the next swell and rolls through it, sinks down into the bike and digs into the sandiness and rises up again in a rush and leaps into the air and rises and flies and glides and drops and sinks and springs up and drops down and weightlessly for a moment and for a moment absorbing his own weight magnified and liquefied and suspended over the wheels and faster and faster they come, the swells, and faster and faster he hits them, flying higher and further and sinking deeper and deeper and rhythmically squeezing time and matter and motion into a fluid silkiness fluttering in the rumbling breeze and just ahead he sees it, the final swell, and just ahead he feels it, the final swell waiting for that final flight when he’ll spring for the last time into space and for the last time rise above the earth beyond thought and fear and doubt and worry in an explosion of light-trembling twinkling under his wingless solitude when he will drop into the penultimate swell, sink, roll – thrust with his legs and,

FLY!




2. two Pakistanis



Raife stares through the taxicab window, watching as another group of cars fly by, struggling for position on the highway – some slower, some faster, some covered in winter soot and others freshly washed. The Pakistani cab driver continues to speak excitedly over his shoulder, but Raife is too immersed in subconsciously contemplating the consequences of the next fifteen hours of flight to hear him: Riyadh is first, and then from there, Dammam. By the time he reaches his destination, Jubail, it will be twenty-four hours later than it is now, and it’s already been more than forty-eight hours since he hugged his wife goodbye in Cleveland. The last two days spent in New York were an accidental delay, the consequence of having two airports on one side, and too incompetent a ticket agent on the other. He looks into the distance, sees no sign of the airport but notices among the traffic another Porsche, this one as cinder coated as the last few.
It doesn’t make sense, he thinks, though less with words and more with undefined waves of cerebral activity, deeply rooted judgments and evaluations, choices between alternatives, some of which he doesn’t know yet, but will – sooner than he can imagine.
“Really, I can’t believe you’re going there…”
Vague impulses that seem connected to some deep place, some deep but bottomless moment of knowledge, one under which is nothing deeper to be found, no additional criterion, no more subtle cause. It’s just the case that it doesn’t make sense, it seems, in any reality, this driving of Porsches in New York City.
“We Muslims all want to go to there someday…”
Jerking from stoplight to stoplight to stoplight, on the brakes as often as on the gas, never out of second gear in a car that doesn’t even begin to perform until perhaps 150 mph. And the insurance of owning one here in the city, and worrying about theft, scratches, dents and abuse. Why? He thinks again, unable to find a reason, not even one reason.
“Maybe if I could have enough money, you know, I will take my family some day…”
Wearing out the brakes and never getting them hot. The clutch – in and out, in and out, and never going more than a hundred-and-fifty meters in a car designed to go five hundred kilometers in one crack and two sets of tires half-melted at the end of the race.
“Yeah, that’s my dream…”
A gray coating of cinders and salt smeared over a beautifully painted body. High-tech tires scraped on coarse concrete curbs. Carbon build-up in pistons ready to thump up and down a jillion times a minute, with a roarrrrrrr that chills the flesh.
“Yeah, someday I’ll go to there for the Hajj. Wow, it’s great you’re going, really great… ”
A chassis made for ripping over mountain roads, flying around corners and accelerating into empty space with determination, immediate focus that allows no time for thought. Instinct when on the edge. Instinct.
“Hey, you’ll really like it, I know…”
Unconscious responses, gut reactions, intuitive moments prior to restraint. Thoughts unformed that come in actions unconsidered. A body that lives in the irreducible second, dis-egoe’d and elapsing so fluidly, the boundaries between tenses are blurred and only one remains: the present simple.
“You’re lucky.”
Maybe, Raife thinks, still not sure what to expect when he exits the plane on the other side. His wife is far behind, as are evenings in bookstores, motorcycles, and the exposed faces of women resting their bare elbows on public tables. The airport is now approaching, the chance to turn back diminissssssshing from view, like the city left behind, growing smaller by the meter. It’s now or never.
He shifts uncomfortably in his seat, growing increasingly nervous about what to expect on the other side, more nervous than he can ever remember being. He has heard so many things, so many terrible stories and less than attractive perspectives. Who knows what will happen once he arrives and gets settled in? Maybe the Saudis will arrest him for a crime he didn’t know not to commit, or blow him up on some street corner. Or run him down in one of those hundred-mile-an-hour, gas-guzzling family vehicles or high-buck sports cars – like, for example, the Porsche that just turned off onto the exit ramp, the faint light of its braking barely penetrating the murk of an ambivalent March. It doesn’t make sense, he thinks again, forgetting for the moment his nervousness about living in Saudi, and the growing sense of his death this portends. Why would anyone drive a Porsche in this city?
“I wish you to have a good time.”
He turns from the window, slowly, peeking into the rearview mirror as he does so, and stealing a quick glance at the Pakistani. He is handsome and surprisingly gentle, similar to Ali, save for the differences in their voices. Ali’s voice was deeper and more serious, often tense with what appeared to be agitation, especially the night they were at Ashok’s talking about something Raife was never sure he totally understood. Ashok had just spooned out his latest kitcheri and Ali was shoving it into his mouth as if he hadn’t eaten in days, which was probably the case. He had been wandering around Lesotho after they’d kicked him out of Pakistan for participating in some kind of student protest, and his lack of English skills and college degree meant getting any kind of work that didn’t entail slavery was next to impossible.
“Problem coming to men,” he said, “not to women.”
Raife watched as a little fleck of yellow slipped from Ali’s mouth and stuck to his bearded chin. “Yeah?” he asked.
“Problem coming to men, not coming to women,” Ali said again. 
Ashok didn’t respond, although his head was doing that around-and-around Indian thing. And his eyes – they were doing the same thing in their sockets.
“Yeah?” Raife asked again, not sure he understood what Ali was saying, and not sure he trusted his motives for saying it. He was a Pakistani and they were known in these parts for something dubious.
“Problem coming to men,” Ali said again.
Raife thought maybe that was why he wasn’t comfortable with Ali, because he always kept repeating himself and doing it at a temperature just slightly more than that of Ashok’s kitcheri.
“Problem not to women,” he gestured extensively with his hands, “problem coming to men!”
He was emaciated-skinny, partly because of lack of food and partly because of abundance of nicotine. And when he spoke he often used elaborate hand gestures which on occasion meant either particles of saliva were ejected from his mouth, or particles of food from his fingers.
This time it meant both. “Problem coming to men,” he said, sending a single yellow ball of saliva-logged dal across the room. Raife watched it ricochet off the corner of the table and stick to the floor.
Ashok said something to Ali in Urdu and then Ali began speaking even faster and with even more – was it excitement? – sending out more small projectiles. In the backlit corner where Ali was sitting, Raife could see them illuminated from behind.
Raife looked to Ashok, who was now quite involved in a conversation Raife would never really grasp the essence of. They had begun talking about Saudi Arabia – “Sow-dee” Ashok had kept correcting them, and then Raife said something about women’s dress and the next thing he knew Ali was sitting erect on the small couch and spitting particles of food across the room. It was hard to tell if he was angry, serious, excited or – what? Raife really never figured out. Only thing he knew in the end was “problem coming to men” and “not coming to women.”
Raife tried to read Ali’s emotions but could see no clear indications of anything. Unlike the cab driver’s face – who compared to Ali’s, is light and airy, clearly too enthusiastic to be with flaw. Yet optimistic as well, which is good, which is precisely why Raife is going where he is: to challenge the limits of his optimism, to pursue the limits of his own personal growth envelope. He is ready to listen to anyone with something to say, ready to learn whatever it is that needs to be learned, though exactly what needs to be learned he doesn’t know, but will, he thinks, when it is learned. There are some things clearer than others, less easily disagreed with; less defensible – they strike with finality and resistance is futile.
And futile is what he has concluded about driving Porsches in New York City. “I can’t understand why anyone would drive a Porsche in this city. It doesn’t make any sense,” he finally speaks aloud what he’s been thinking all along.
The Pakistani looks up and into a mirror that sees behind, his face still directed forward, into the future. His eyes are big and round and happy. “Well, you know. Some guys - they like to drive Porsches,” he says, his words neither angry nor defensive, and spoken in the higher frequency ranges, like those of a child excited by some good news. “So that’s okay, if that’s what they like.” His head sits lightly on narrow shoulders, and he gestures modestly while speaking, enthusiastic yet controlled. He glances ahead again and then into the rearview mirror, smiling with both eyes and mouth, the latter opening now and preparing to cooperate with tongue and teeth for the purpose of forming one perfect and irrefutable sentence:
“The thing is,” he says, “everybody’s different, you know?”
"Bu—" Raife begins to say. 
Bu— now merely a thought, the word fails to take shape.
Bu— a third time, and it dies.





3. black polymer pants, black boots



“Not one.”
“What about the men; how are they dressed?”
“Casually I guess. Some are wearing jeans, and a few even have tennis shoes on. I don’t feel so bad then.” Raife leaned against the wall with his left shoulder, the right one still rather painful and too weak to support even the upper half of his body. “Hey, that white woman’s talking with some man, face to face, and no one even seems to notice. I wonder if they know each other.”
He stared at the two, a woman and man, surprised at how easily they appeared to be speaking. The woman was smiling and the man, deeply reclined in the fake leather chair, was nodding his head often and with an obvious ease of manner. His legs were fully extended in front of him. “Anyway, it seems strange to me. I thought they weren’t allowed to do that.”
Raife shifted his weight from the left foot and onto the right. His boots were still polished nicely and only the shiny black lowers were visible under the loose-fitting polymer athletic pants with three stripes just behind the pockets on either side. Though the most comfortable thing for traveling, he wasn’t sure if they’d meet local dress codes on the other side. Perhaps they’d hold him up at customs and force him to change in some kind of airport “standards” booth or something like that. And then combined with the boots - well, it was definitely a bad combination, even though it seemed to make sense the first time he slid them on. There was a foot of snow on the ground in Cleveland when he left, and then the two days in New York City were Icelandic. As for the pants, they were like a pair of durable pajama bottoms that could be worn for weeks without revealing any visible signs of travel slime. Now, however, standing in the airport and talking to his wife Maria, he was sure it was a bad move. Black boots and black pants. He almost looked like the member of some special ops team. “I wonder if I should change now.” He could feel the paranoia growing, the many critical eyes sssstaring.
“It’s up to you, really. How many people are there?”
It took only a few seconds to count the small group of passengers waiting at gate twenty-one. “Less than fifty. It seems like a waste of fuel to me, but I guess the Saudis don’t have to worry about that.” He spoke quietly, turning away from the man at the phone next to him. “Hope at least one of the seats next to me is empty.”
“How’s your shoulder?” The concern in Maria’s voice, the lovely concern, he was going to miss.
“Fine. Feels better. I walked quite a bit around the city and it hardly even bothered me once.”
“Have any more women come?”
He scanned the area again. Another woman, probably an American, came strolling up with one of those rolling carry-on bags, the ones that get all tangled up in everything during the process of negotiating restrooms. He had given up on those a long time ago when after tripping over one a few times and getting it caught in doors and door frames, he decided a backpack was the best way to go. Just hang it on the hanger in the stall, or when standing before the small white bowl and struggling to piss, leave it on the back where it belongs. “An American woman, I think. She seems pretty comfortable with herself. It’s probably not her first time.” He watched as the woman stopped where the boarding line was likely to form. She was wearing pastel-colored but highly decorated pants. Surprising.
“She’s wearing pants, jean-like pants with flowers!”
“Really?” So cheerful was Maria’s voice that even one-word sentences were comforting.
“Yeah, can you believe it?”
“I’m surprised.”
Raife looked again at the bottom half of his outfit, including the black boots. No one else was wearing polymer pants or black boots. He felt highly visible, like someone from a special task force. “Jeez, I’m totally paranoid about these pants and boots.” He spoke into the phone softly so no one could hear. He then thought about the Pakistani cab driver and the brief glimpse in the rearview mirror when he saw the peaceful face and charitable smile, hoping on the other side they’d be just as forgiving. But if things were as he had heard in Saudi Arabia, it would likely be a rude awakening, not an enlightening one.
“Are there any children?”
He looked around and noticed a couple heads bobbing up and down. “A few, though not many.” He was glad for this. Children and long flights were even a worse combination than black boots and black pants, at least if his past experience was any indication of what could be expected in the worst case. If it wasn’t an all night howling session or an evening of getting kicked in the back, there was always a chance one would lean over the seat and deliver a stream of white vomit into his lap, as had been the case on a particularly long flight to South Africa a few years earlier. “I see a couple of little boys running around, and there’s a little girl. Hope they don’t puke on me.” Just as he said that, the little girl slid away from her friends and came up to him – almost as if she had heard his comment. He saw at once the dark eyes, large and joyful, and shiny black hair, like his boots, reflecting light from the ceiling. She was remarkably cute and wonderfully innocent. “Hello,” he said in descending tones. It was a special greeting designed for kids.
She stood there motionlessly, examining him and occasionally looking back to a woman likely to be her mother. Raife, following the cue, looked briefly in the same direction and noticed the woman was watching him as well. He met her eyes, but only for a moment, startled by something appearing in a color twice darker than his.
Then the woman stood suddenly. “Hanan!” she called to the little girl, who finally snapped out of her trance and quickly ran away.
“This is weird. I can’t believe I’m doing this. Of all the places to go!”
“I’m so proud of you, bud. Think about what you’ve done, what you’re doing. You’ve done this all by yourself. I’m so proud of you.”
Maria’s gracious voice arrived in soothing waves from far, so far away.
“Either that or I’m insane.” His confidence was diminishing rapidly, the black pants and black boots sucking it into a kind of desperate black hole. “I should have changed these clothes.” He recalled how uncomfortable he was, walking around the airport earlier, nearly tripping over himself every time he passed another person. In the café, where he finally ate after a long day without food, he couldn’t sit right and kept fidgeting around in the chair, shrinking under the perpetual gazes of all the people wondering what special kind of cop or military man he was. 
It had been that way all day, especially when he’d first entered the airport and suddenly found himself directly in front of the check-in gates: big glass doors behind which badged, bearded and dark-faced men sat brooding with zealous eyes. He was so flustered that while lifting his baggage off the X-ray device, he set his handbag on the floor, the one with his passport, visa, tickets and certified invitation inside, and forgot it for nearly two minutes. When he finally realized with a start what he had done and ran back nervously to grab it, he could sense everyone watching him suspiciously, convinced the oddly dressed man was up to no good. “Boy, am I nervous!”
“You’ll be fine, my bud.” Such a lovely voice in which to find comfort. “You’re a strong and capable man. Remember that.”
“I guess so.” Raife longed at that moment to turn back, to give up the desert and return to his lovely wife, so accepting and forgiving. But he had come too far. It was now or never. “I love you so much, my precious bud.” His voice tapered off toward the end of his sentence, spilling into a hole his hands and arms longed to fill.
“I love you too, my bud. Take care, and I’m always with you.”
Her confidence and the sheer sincerity of her voice soothed him momentarily, but only for a few seconds.
“What’s three months, hey?” He counted the days of separation, more than ninety, and wanted to continue speaking, dragging out the process of departing, but knew the time had come to say goodbye; this was the third call in two hours. “I love you,” he said – once, twice, three more times, and then hung up the phone after the fourth “I love you," unaware that he would never hear that voice again.

“Ya rajul ent!”
Raife froze- 
“Waggif!”
-and then spun around quickly, certain the shouting was aimed at him. He watched as two armed customs officials raced out from behind the protective glass barrier at King Fahd International Airport in Dammam, and headed directly toward him. He held up his arms in surrender and for some reason fell to his knees immediately.
They grabbed him and pulled him to his feet.
“Esh bet’amul!” One of two the officials shouted. A long black beard covered most of his face and a long black gun most of his hip.
His right hand shot out and clamped itself over Raife’s arm. Long nails dug into the soft skin and massive fingers, like fleshly knives, pierced his upper bicep, causing him to screech with pain. It was the only sound he could make.
“Moosh hatha mamna’ar?” The guard said this to his partner, who then replied with something like “taba’an hatha mamna’ar,” then grabbed Raife’s other arm as if to divide him. Like the other official, he stared at him with the same dark, vicious eyes, the antitheses of the little girl’s. They would kill him, he knew.
“Weyn nakhuthuh?”
“Khuthuh lilghurfal khassa.”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t know.” Though difficult, Raife finally managed to speak through the pain. Tears were beginning to flow now and the men, four or five of them, began dragging him along the clean terminal floor. His feet were hanging limply at the end of his splayed legs, and the tips of his boots were leaving heavy black streaks on the floor.
The guard who first grabbed him saw the streaks and shouted, “Intubih! Huwwa beyaewassekh al-ard!” Then suddenly, without a whisper of indication, a rock-hard knee collided with Raife’s gut.
He dropped to the floor in an explosion of light and began writhing in a fetus-like knot, gasping for air and slinging drops of saliva from the corners of his mouth onto the clean tile. Another guard rushed over and “wissikh,” a foot exploded in Raife’s face in yet an even more violent burst of light-
“MARIA!” he heard in the blast.
“MARIA!” he saw in the light, as if she were there, just then, when the foot arrived and the face caved in.
Her devotion, the many small gifts of love with which she so often surprised him, were immediately illuminated in that immeasurably short interval of light and sound. There was her face, “the innocent beauty” as she was so often described, when she was unaware of being watched, before her vulnerabilities tightened her face and the nose protruded in a way she didn’t like in the mirror. Her lips, so clear in that gasp of light, searched for his, tearfully and moist with his blood, and then kissed him.
At that moment he came to, crying. Teeth were loose, and above him, swirling in a mist of heated fog, stood a few customs officials hating him with such irrevocable hostility, he knew he would die today, and soon. His eyes pleaded for mercy, but to no avail. The customs officials jerked him to his knees while shouting in his face and pointing to the streaks of boot polish on the floor. They then handed him a used handkerchief and pointed again to the streaks, shouting something in Arabic, probably a command to wipe them up, followed by a few more gestures and some laughing.
It was then he noticed they were also wearing swords.

It was difficult to see anything in the floor other than Maria. He remembered the old refrigerator in Lesotho, the one she had scrubbed for hours, trying to remove the residues of poverty and abuse and make it tolerable for use in their own kitchen. Half a day she had spent, with makeshift cleaning tools. Her hair was longer then and she kept wiping it from her eyes, never complaining and utterly relieved they finally had a refrigerator that would run for more than a few days. That would not mysteriously shut-off and spoil food procured by driving across an international border and over one hundred kilometers each way. Her hands were cracked and dry afterward, requiring an additional ten minutes of hand cream rubbed meticulously into the surface of her once tender skin. She rubbed cream into Raife’s hands too, nearly as rough from scrubbing away the accumulation of mung he discovered underneath the old refrigerator.
Thick and gray, it was spotted with streaks of greasy brown slime that seemed only to reproduce with each pass of the old tee-shirt he was using as a rag. A cup of mineral spirits acquired from his neighbor finally came to the rescue, but this did nearly as much damage to his hands and by the end of the traumatic mung-event they were scaly white slabs lined with fissures. Later that night when he and Maria cuddled in bed together examining their wounds, they discussed the new refrigerator for over an hour, what a find it was even though it had no shelves, brackets or drawers of any kind. But that could be resolved easily. They’d make plan.

A drop of blood falls to the floor directly under Raife’s head. His body stiffens, waiting for the blow that will thrust him to his side – but it doesn’t come. The customs officials are too involved in planning his destiny to see it. He wipes it up quickly, but tries to prolong removing the streaks of polish; thoughts of Maria still visible in the sparkling floor. The last he will ever see of her, he knows.

The refrigerator came from house number six and was the only one available on the entire campus. The impoverished African university hadn’t enough money to buy any more. “Sorry ntate, we haven’t anything.” Celia, the housing superintendent and perpetual bitch, seemed happy to disappoint Raife for the millionth time in the last two-and-a-half years. “Not anything, ntate.”
“I should do what then? Is big matata for me, my refrigerator. Sometimes is running, running, running, sometimes is nothing. M’me, every week my food is spoiling. Why you don’t help me?”
“Ntate, we waiting long time for contract to fix old refrigerators, but until now they don’t coming. What I can do for you?”
He knew she wasn’t lying; she was as helpless as he was. He also knew her youth had been a painful one, and her bitterness was evidence of more than cold winters and dehydrated summers. Drunken fathers and husbands were common in these parts. “You have anything, anywhere?” He was desperate by now.
“Ntate, we have only this one in house six. That woman coming has her own refrigerator. Look and see. If you like, no problem I give you. Tell me today.”
Raife wasn’t optimistic during his walk to house number six, and even less optimistic when he saw the old refrigerator leaning wretchedly under a pile of dust. One look inside and any optimism he might have had faded abruptly when he saw there were no shelves, shelf brackets, or drawers. He didn’t notice the muck, but he wouldn’t have. He was more practical.
“Hey ntate,” he called to one of the workers involved in preparing the old house for the new arrival, a women in Chemistry he was told. “Is possible, ntate, to fix this one?” He pointed to the lack of shelf brackets.
“Eyyyy, ntate. Hahona matata.” The man stood in local fashion, with exaggerated, fluid-like slowness, then staggered outside to the rubbish pile where he scrounged around for a few minutes with hands worn from years of desperate toil. He then returned with two strips of wood and some rusty screws. “Ntate,” was all he said, followed by a vague-handed expression of his idea to make brackets with wood strips, through which long screws would point outward to hold whatever they managed to sponge for shelves.

Another drop of blood falls to the floor. Blurry-eyed, Raife makes no effort to remove it. My blood, he thinks – and notices it’s thinner than the last drop. Mixed with tears, it appears to be almost transparent, drawing his eyes through the surface and into its depths. He can see Maria smiling up at him from below, her eyes illuminated by the twinkling lights overhead. Behind him the customs officials are laughing, watching the Kaffir clean the floor and bleed slowly.

Maria agreed to the refrigerator after looking herself. It was only a short walk from their house, and after lunch one day she and the playful Ku joined Raife on what would later be known as the great refrigerator trek. Ku ran ahead as usual, waiting for the impending stick or unripe apricot to fly overhead, his paws clicking on the pavement, the thick white mane around his neck drifting volubly in the slight breeze. Raife ran up to him and grabbed him as often as he could for the rare and immeasurably rewarding stand-up hug, though Ku often wiggled away as soon as possible, preferring the play rather than the hugs, at least in public anyway – if a few older ntates sleeping under trees and a few women roaming around with burdens on their heads, could be called public.
Ku barked a few times, trying to pick up the pace a bit, unaware they were only going a hundred meters before they would stop again at the house just ahead. He ran back to Raife in order to grab his pants, the same ones he is wearing now, to hurry him along. Raife seized the opportunity for another stand-up-hug, followed by the requisite nose stuffing into the soft hair between Ku’s ears for a huge whiff. Nothing, nothing on this earth save perhaps the smell of Maria’s proximity, was as pleasantly fragrant as Ku’s head, the soft and loveable area directly between the ears.
He released Ku for Maria’s hand and they continued walking together, as they almost always did in the evenings, the mornings and after lunch in the bright afternoons. Her hands were so soft and narrow, so vulnerable compared to his. Her arms were similar, but actually grew a centimeter in diameter after scrubbing the old refrigerator. She’s still there, now, scrubbing away like Raife, whose last day alive is scrubbing his own residues off a clean terminal floor in a country he has been in only five minutes.
“Khalas! Nathaftuh.” The guard rushes over furiously and again the foot, this time exploding just below Raife’s right collarbone. A sharp crack is heard before an eruption of pain, a scream, then growing darknessssss.

Voices – muddled voices and light. Bright, unrelenting light – then darkness again.

Voices – this time clearer, and light, this time even brighter. Foggy, but not dark.

Raife slowly regains consciousness, noticing in the process that he’s no longer scrubbing the floor, but is flat on his back in a small room, staring directly into an exceptionally bright light overhead. He can hear talking, fast and anxious. More than two voices he guesses, but he’s still so blurry-headed it’s hard to tell. His shoulder is throbbing and he can feel moisture there, definitely blood. He knows it – knows that the instant the foot arrived, his collarbone shattered again and the plate and eight screws holding it together exploded through his skin. He knows it. Definitely. Just as he knew when he broke it the first time, when he slammed against the concrete from high on the pedals, that the collapse of the shoulder, the eruption of reverberating magma was evidence of something only money and time would repair.
But he wasn’t afraid. He had gone over the bars many times in Lesotho, many times in the dust had he fallen, in the desiccated gouge of a deep donga, the gravel-coated rough and staggering mountains nearly always under a candid sky. He had fallen plenty, and this time, if it hadn’t been for the playful Ku just under his front wheel, he’d have gone over the bars, tumbled once, and stood again without a missed breath. But so concerned was he to avoid crushing the small black-and-white dog beneath him, he flew through the air with too much thought and not enough pre-rational instinct for survival. His shoulder collapsed on impact.
Maria’s eyes filled with tears when she saw the disfigured mound that was once a nice and well-defined shoulder. She reached out tentatively, one hand over her mouth, the other trembling inches from Raife’s face before she closed the distance and hugged him. The embrace was so soft he could hardly feel her, but there was no mistaking the aroma of her deep affection. Ku sat on the floor wagging his tail, waiting impatiently for the ride to continue. Until now it hasn’t, and, well – it never will again.

Raife turns his head to the side. There’s blood all right, and beneath the shirt is a sharp object, either bone or steel. His eyes fill with tears.

“Oh my bud,” Maria had said, her eyes so utterly bottomless, “I love you.”
“I’ll be fine.” Raife moved slowly toward the car. It was more than two hours to the nearest hospital. His shoulder was an armed grenade by now, and every wrong step a pitiless reminder of subtle parts so often taken for granted. Before they drove off, in front of the statistician from Holland, Maria held Raife’s face between her hands and kissed him, her lips moist with one marvelous yet unfathomable,

Love.

She took good care of him when he returned a few days later with a lovely scar and some expensive steel parts. She washed the part of his back he couldn’t reach, even wiped his butt after he sat awkwardly on a toilet the seat of which often collapsed under the butts of unexpecting eliminators. She buttoned his shirts, covered him with blankets and carried the luggage herself when they boarded a plane just a week after Doctor Marx restored the loose parts of the thirty-nine-year-old clavicle.
Ku was waiting for them when they arrived in America. His wooden crate sat on the floor of the shipping company and when Raife walked in, yelling “Ku!” from still fifty feet away, the little fellow began emitting long, extended howls, filling the warehouse with his voice and bringing a string of sympathetic sighs and droopy eyes from the company’s staff. For an hour or more, they had been waiting for the owners, trying to comfort the little Border Collie curled in a sad and silent ball on the bottom of a homemade crate.
“Woooooohhhhh,” Ku cried joyfully, yet still angry about the noisy, twenty-four hour separation and small quarters.
“Woooooohhhhh,” he continued, each one a weeping frequency of irresistible appeal.
“Woooooohhhhh.” Raife joined him, and together they broke the hearts of the shipping clerks:
“Woooooohhhhh – such love we have for one another.”
“Woooooohhhhh – so much do we care.”
“Woooooohhhhh – that to speak of two distinct organisms.”
“Woooooohhhhh – is to know nothing of this life.”

“Ku,” Raife whispers, returning to the lights above. The talking has increased in both speed and volume, evidence that all is not well. He closes his eyes and listens, though why he doesn’t know. He only speaks two words of their language and both of them express praise to their God, the one about to cut off his head.
“Allahu Akbar!” they shout without restraint.
“Allahu Akbar!” they hurl into the light.
“Allah!” is often repeated. “Allah!” is always right.

“You’ll be fine sweetheart. Just take care of yourself, please. And make sure you buy those vitamins and herbs on the list.” Maria leaned deeply into Raife’s shoulder, the left one. Her hair dangled over his colorful shirt, and her breath, the rhythmic motions of her perfect lungs, rose and fell in heartrending stillness.
He would leave without her, fulfilling the probationary period alone, after which she would come with Ku, and they’d all be one breathing lung again. “And you take care of yourself, Maria. Don’t forget to cash that check first thing if anything happens.” He referred to the check he had written from the last of his life-long savings. If anything happened, if the plane didn’t arrive for example, perhaps another hijacking, she was to cash it immediately. His airline ticket had been purchased by the Royal Commission on the other side, and as a result he had no flight insurance. “I’ll see you again soon, hey?”
She was quiet now. The smooth skin of those perfect little hands, the ones with which she had held him a thousand times, were like silver feathers on his thigh. He would be leaving in only a few minutes.
“I love you,” she finally said, the last time she would say it. He replied with the same and hugged her once more, sniffing the hair on her perfect head and already counting the days until they would hug again.

“Nuthiff,” the voices chant, filling Raife’s ears with their eerie music, bringing him back to the present. His breaths are even, like the stream of tears slipping down his cheeks. 

Maria had taught him the importance of steady breathing, had even saved his life one night after he woke from a nightmare and found himself on the hard floor of their van screaming at the top of his lungs. He was malnourished and distraught from an undiagnosed gluten allergy that for two years had him contemplating suicide, and this – combined with the shock of the nightmare set in hell – had pushed him over the edge. He woke to a gaseous twisted wrenching anguish and began screaming. Maria knelt on the floor beside him and whispered “breathe” over and over again into his ear. It was the only thing he could hear other than the sound of his own death, and slowly his life returned, breath after controlled breath.
It was the last time he had wanted to die. The experience that had brought him so suddenly from sleep proved finally that death held no release but was rather another beginning from where he had left off, miserable and without hope. He would be forced by his own doing to start the process all over again, from pain to more pain to even more pain, until finally he reclaimed from within a courage he had no idea existed before then.
It was this same courage that would allow him to wander off to Saudi Arabia alone, that would allow him to endure the challenges of personal growth and even with a smashed clavicle, slowly drag himself upright and climb back onto his mountain bike to ride the last few kilometers home in partial shock. He didn’t mind the scratches, dents, blood and pain – he was just glad he hadn’t crushed Ku’s ribs.

Breathing evenly, Raife watches as four men appear from behind the thick glass barrier. None of them appears to have even the slightest amount of compassion, but they actually seem eager to remove the part of his body in which images of Maria and Ku are interminably woven.
“Lazem nigtuluk.”
“Hatha wajib a’aleyna.”
“Taba’an, nehhnu Saudi’yeen, hatha wajibna,” they speak together this time, and with less haste than before, now that the decision has been made and progress toward the place of offence, and sentence, has begun. How far he doesn’t know, but expects only a few hundred meters. Who, he wonders, will clean the blood up this time?

“See how nice!” Smiles of that magnitude were rare from Maria, still a bit scarred from her violent beginnings. Her father, the football coach, drinker, muscular hunk of rural fundamentalist unawareness, had been effective at eliminating potential joy from her early years. Weekly beatings, early morning harassment, afternoon naps for which she and her sister were asked to remove their clothes. Effective ways to censor life, if censoring life is one’s desire.
But the refrigerator was like new. Raife had no idea the extent of what a little, no, a lot of scrubbing would do to such an old, miserable appliance. Maria was right. It was beautiful. “Unbelievable,” he spoke with neither hesitation nor fraudulence, surprised at the result of her labor. He would lick the inside. “It’s lovely!”
“I told you.” Again the smile, like none other ever before, or likely ever to come again.

Now limping along slowly, supported under his shoulders on either side, Raife sees the smile on Maria’s face, and at his feet Ku, also smiling – such a hot afternoon it was. His captors grip him tightly, never seeming to notice the blood gathering on his shirt, or the sharp object projecting beneath. It seems they didn’t notice anything other than that he had broken some arbitrary law and for this should be summarily executed. Maria’s smile would surely fade now, maybe never to return again. Such a shame that would be. Smiles like hers, rare in this world, are invaluable at teaching us hope and giving us courage to overcome what had caused us to be misshapen.
He can hear Ku crying in the night.
“Woooooohhhhh.” It took Ku only a few days to learn the art of pack singing at will, with encouragement from Raife and Maria, of course – who would both melt at his serene little voice. Such a vibrant animal yet so vulnerable and misunderstood in this world.
“Woooooohhhhh.” Love like Ku’s he had never known: total loyalty, complete devotion, ceaseless willingness to play and give. When his friend Sumudu quoted his father, who himself was quoting yet an even more ancient philosopher, Raife didn’t understand at first. It was only a year later, after bonding with Ku, that he finally grasped the meaning of “the more I get to know humans, the more I love my dog.”
By then it made perfect sense.
“Woooooohhhhh.” Sometimes after returning from Ashok’s, after only a few hours absence, Ku would sing aloud, complain it seemed, “where have you been?” To this Raife’s eyes would often liquefy, and only a few stand-up hugs, followed by a moment outside listening to the stars falling together, resolved the faint throb bing that at first always seemed as if it could never go away. It was as if utter joy and utter sadness combined. Perhaps they did.
“Woooooohhhhh.” Ku would follow him everywhere, even sometimes sit at his feet as he balanced on the shaky toilet. From there to the kitchen, then to the bedroom, where Raife would sit for hours writing. From there into the combi, and from there, wherever Raife was destined to go, Ku would follow. After a year of careful analysis Raife concluded that dogs are far wiser than humans. Anyone ho expressed contempt, typically the fellow intellectuals on campus, was simply ignorant of the great love of which the smaller-brained, better-smelling organism is capable. He had long ago abandoned his faith in scala-natura imperialist reasoning, rooted in disciplinary rhetoric and deliberately obfuscatory words, dingy texts, politics, promotion and production. “Just give me Maria and Ku, and what else is there?’
“Allahu akbar,” the customs officials join together, with deep throaty vowels. “Allahu akbar,” they continue, in sustained tones that stop suddenly.
“Allahu akbar,” they begin again, this time rising and falling abruptly in melodies Raife has never heard, nor is able to predict.
“Allahu akbar.” It sounds beautiful, echoing endlessly in the spotless terminal. The floor has since been polished and any signs of Raife’s fluids have disappeared.
“Please,” he cries imploringly, his eyes sending a continuous stream of tears down his cheeks. “Please,” he cries again, desperately, clinging to images of Maria and Ku, both of them far away and ignorant of this very moment when now, under the glistening lights, a polished steel sword comes down with a,

. . .thud.

A drop of blood falls on the floor directly below Raife’s head, though now detached and rolling forward, knows for sure that the black pants with black boots were a bad combination.





4. hungry, disoriented, detached



“Thanks.” Raife speaks through the gap to Al-Awwal, who having already said goodbye, slowly disappears behind a door closing very, verrrrrry slowwwwwly.
Extremely slowwwwly.
Slowwwwly that is, moving silently on a hydraulic lever; nearly motionlessly it closes ever so slowly. Like the drop of sweat crawling down Raife’s head, in front of his ear – now trapped in the hair, it just barely creeps downward.
Clossssing and falliiiing. The gap grows smaller and smaller, the drop lower and lower. From the door to the frame it moves, from the ear to the cheek, ever so slowly the door closes behind Al-Awwal; the drop falls, the sky is full of stars and now Al-Awwal is gone into the darkness, into the night, into the humid wonder. Raife watches as the door, now silently wavering near the final movement, begins to slow; and the drop, now halfway down his cheek, gains speed.
Another centimeter, another inch; the door, the drop – gravity draws them both toward the border where nothing can prevent the final movement, the one where fates are sealed, sounds muffled and weightlessness prevents breathing. Clossssssing, falliiiiiing, nearer, lower, further from the point of no return they reach the eclipse of change and,
thud – the frame.
splash – the floor.
Silence.
A closed door.
Raife stands there, listening to the quiet and waiting for it to dissolve into white noise. Slowly, as slowly as the door closed and the drop fell, it rises into auditory view, electrically hissing forward, swells in his ear and then remainssss – a buzzzzing to be forever reckoned with. He listens, allowing the tinnitus to subjugate the silence, and remains there, still facing the closed door. His back can be seen from the far end of the long hallway, his face from the door just recently closed. His ears from the lack of silence just recently expossssssed.
Near silence, and faint light.
He looks down: carpet. He can smell the carpet. Polymers of gathered dust and many lives having already passed through. No animals, though, were here.
He turns, listening.
There is a long hallway, well lit. To his right is a room. He enters it.
On the wall is a switch. He presses it.
Nothing but a slight ssssound.
Enough light enters the room from the hallway to draw him deeper into the room. A couch, some cabinets. Carpet. He turns and exits.
The hallway. He is in the hallway again and walks forward. There is another room on his right.
He enters it. Sliding glass doors. A table in the middle, with chairs. The dining room; it’s a dining room, the ubiquitous dining room, the place where food is usually served.
Food, he thinks, turns around and walks out, a buzzing in pursuit.
Into the hallway again. Across from the dining room are two doors, both closed. What is behind them? He pauses, thinking, between the two doors, entrances from one side, exits from the other.
He raises his hand, reaches for the one on his left, pauses momentarily, then opens it.
A kitchen. It’s the kitchen. A sink, grubby counters, a refrigerator.
He stares at it. Maria is leaning into the ancient darkness and scrubbing. A drop of sweat trickles off her nose and falls to the dirty tile floor. He follows it downward, watches it shatter at his feet and then looks again at the refrigerator. She is gone. He waits for her to return.
She doesn't.
He approaches the refrigerator, pauses, and opens it.
Shelves, drawers, dirt. It will need to be cleaned. Around it are cupboards – many cupboards. They will also need to be cleaned. A table is in the middle of the kitchen, piled with two plastic bags from Al-Awwal. Things Raife can’t eat; they are poison, yet he’s starving, utterly starving. Ravenous, and listening to the unsilent nearnessssss.

“Tayeb ‘stan-na.” Sluggishly Al-Awwal steps out of the car, uttering something Raife assumes he is supposed to understand. It is dark and dusty. Wind from some direction seeps through the open windows and the air, the strange/exotic air, is warm and balmy. He sits in the passenger seat, wondering what Al-Awwal is doing, what it was he said, and why he stopped here. Looks like a quick-mart of some kind, exactly like the ones in America – glass front with heavy aluminum or steel supports, between which are posters: recent sales probably, deals, ways to save, though these are written in Arabic. Like Chinese, no guesses are possible, no easy solution to strange shapes made by incomprehensible motions of the hand, backward.
But then, why a quick-mart, why not a restaurant? He’s starving. His stomach is burning. He’s going to faint his first night in the country and it’s only been an hour since the airport.
Or maybe this isn’t a quick-mart. Maybe it’s some other kind of shop. It’s hard to tell. The darkness is deep, and the dusty air and dirty windows blur interpretations. Hunger prevents them. Surely they will stop to eat soon. Surely.
He wonders if he should get out, but fear prevents him. What if this is a sacred zone? What if he gets attacked? Gets lost? It’s clear; he’s wandering around the dark streets of Jubail lost and nervously aching for food, for something with which he can make sense of anything. The authorities come and erase him. No one ever knows.
No one even cares.

Raife staressssss at the bags. There are two, both blue plastic. The ubiquitous plastic bag. He’s desperate, knowing what’s inside but starving. He’s starving. He hasn’t eaten since the day before, since a time so far in the past his head is empty, his body limp, his mind flattened out inside his head and nothing makes any sense, not even the staring, staring at the plastic bags of poison.
He turns, steps through the doors and goes left. Another door an arm’s length from the first. He pauses for moment and enters it.
A bedroom. A bed, dresser, nightstand and a desk. Behind him is a closet; he opens the doors and looks inside. Empty, dusty. He turns and walks out.
The hallway, left. Another door on the right. Like all the others it’s closed. He reaches out his hand, notices the distant fingers are trembling from exhaustion, pauses, then opens the door.
Another bedroom. It’s big. This one has two beds, a huge one and a small one. There are two dressers. A nightstand. Behind him, a closet; he opens the door. Nothing inside but a faint whisper. He turns and walks out to the right.
The hallway, the end of the long hallway, with a door across from him. He opensss it.
Bathroom. It’s a bathroom with a large mirror on the wall. He looks into it. His face is still dark from Lesotho, and the parts, it seems, are unrelated, detached from each other. He stares, yet nothing comes – a form lingers there beyond comprehension. Is it his? Is it mine? There’s another door to the left, opening into another room.
A toilet and a bidet. On the left is a shower with glass doors. The floor is tiled. There’s a hose next to the toilet, attached to the tap.
For what? he wonders. Why is there a hose? He turns to leave. Back through the first, and unssssilent room. Only a sink, mirror and cupboards. The bathroom is two rooms. He walks out.
The hallway. He walks back down the hallway toward the door through which he entered, and stops when he reaches it. On his left is a room. He entersss it.
The living room. A couch, shelves and cabinets. He approaches the vertical cabinet and opens a door. It’s empty, near silent inside, smelling of dust and time, frequent and unfamiliar occupants. He shuts the door and turns.
The hallway. Across from where he stands is another door. He opens it.
Another bathroom. It is small, with a toilet only, no shower, but a cabinet over which is a large mirror, under which is a nice sink. Two bathrooms, then. He looks in the mirror. His face is hidden from view, from understanding. He stares. Nothing makes any sense. He can see it, but the parts are obscured, veiled. There is no whole, just items with names. A mouth, a nose, two eyes staring widely, wildly. He turns yet another time, and takes yet another step.
The hallway again. To the left. The door on the right again.
He enters. The dining room, right. Large sliding-glass doors and a table. Also a cabinet with drawers. He approaches it. Opens it. Nothing but dust and time, and … ssssound.
He turns.
Across from the dining room is the kitchen. He pauses outside the door, listening to the sound of the refrigerator speaking subtle remembrances of “Maria,” of the food she once cooked, of food.
He enters. There are many cabinets, both above and below. They are white and modern. Across from him is the sink. It has two bowls, a large one and a small one. In the small one is a garbage disposal unit. Next to the sink is a dishwasher, behind him a washing machine and dryer. He turns around, looking but not seeing, knowing but not understanding, having words but having no meaning for the things he sees. Where am I?
On the kitchen table are two plastic bagssssss. They are blue.

“Igba hina.” Al-Awwal steps from the car. In his hand is a shoebox, soccer shoes it looks like. He says something else but Raife fails to make sense of the words, of what’s happening, though from the context he guesses Al-Awwal is returning the shoes. The box is in a bag and in Al-Awwal’s hand is what looks like a receipt. He shuts the door, leaving Raife alone, sitting there, wondering.
There are many shops, some restaurants. “Food, dear food!” Al-Awwal disappears into the shoe store. There are other cars. Some men are walking around outside. It’s dark. A temperate musty air from the desert and sea together trickles through the open windows.
Raife turns his head. Lights everywhere. Cars, many of them, some big American ones and Japanese. The steering wheel is on the left side of each. Men in white robes walk around; others, Indians and Asians, are everywhere. It is well lit.
He wonders if he should step out. What if it’s a sacred zone? What if in stepping out he violates some law, some dress code? He looks at his black polymer pants and black boots. Better not move.
But then, Al-Awwal is returning soccer shoes, right? It means they must play soccer here, they must run and eat and drink when thirsty. They must sweat and laugh, bleed when they hit the turf. Is there turf here? He takes a deep breath and relaxes. He turns his head. A man is standing near the car. He smiles, and nods.

Raife stepssssssss out of the kitchen. 
The hallway again. He takes a step and notices the door on his left. He enters.
The first bedroom. Yes, he was just here. There’s a window in the far wall. curtains are there. The walls are clean and not scarred with vestiges of hung things. He opens the closet doors again. They are still empty. He sits on the bed; it’s too springy. He stands up from the bed and walks out.
Into the hallway; he takes a few steps, enters the door on his right.
The master bedroom. Two beds, two dressers, a large mirror and on the opposite wall from where he stands, a window. Oh, there is a door in the corner. A door? He turns and exits.
Three steps in the hallway.
The bathroom. He opens the cabinet doors; there’s nothing inside but stains from the past. The sink is white and round. Above it a large mirror covers the wall. A row of lights hangs above the mirror.
He looks up and sees the ceiling also has lights. There’s a medicine cabinet. To his left the room with the toilet and the bidet and the shower. He enters it.
The toilet is American Standard. The bidet maybe is too. The tub – it’s not clear. He peeks inside the shower. No hose, though there once was: a bathtub only for now then. He turns to the toilet. A hose runs from the wall just next to it. What is that for? In the floor is a drain. Why? He walks out, passing the mirror on the way and wondering who it is, watching him from in the shadows of his own face.
Once in the hallway he walks directly to the other bathroom.
Same thing, but with no tub or shower. Next to the toilet is a hose with one tap: cold. On the floor is a drain. He looks into the mirror, the same as the one in the other room. His face is a series of disconnected parts. A nose. Eyes – wide ones, lost ones, hungry ones. Ones that seeing, cannot understand, that looking, cannot see, that open, are yet hidden from view. There’s a shadow. He turns from the mirror and walks across the hall, starving.
The living room, yes. He tries the switch again. Nothing. Next to the switch is a thermostat, adjustments for air conditioning, heat and fan. Eighty-five degrees. Next to it is an intercom for the apartment door downstairs, the one that was wide open when he entered.
Unchained bicycles were lying on their sides next to unsecured shoes on small pieces of carpet. Nothing was locked up, nothing was similar, nothing was loud. The front doors were wide open, like his eyes. It was warm and dreamy.
Is.
He noticesssssss a door leading directly from the living room to the dining room. He walks through it.
Curtains cover the sliding glass doors. The rod is coming loose from the wall and hangs lower on one side. Draw-cords hang freely and things are not completely right. He opens the doors. A patio. He steps out.
It is about ten feet wide and five feet deep. He can see lights in the distance; huge flames shoot skyward from some kind of plant ten kilometers away. Oil refinery, he thinks Al-Awwal had said.
Oil.
The air is fresh and passive, warm. He turns.
Walks through the dining room
Across the hallway. Into the kitchen. He opens a few cupboards. All empty. The knobs are sticky and these will need to be cleaned. The floor is tiled.
The kitchen table fills most of the room. On it are two plastic bags, one full of poisssson.

Beeep-Beeep-Beeep-Beeep!
They’re traveling at 120 kilometers an hour and an incredibly obnoxious beeping sound fills the small car. Raife longs for his ear plugs. He digs inside his shoulder bag, wraps his fingers around the small case but, but – can he put them in now? Will he get in trouble?
What will Al-Awwal think, or say? He’s said nothing since leaving the airport. Raife tries a few different head angles to see if he can obstruct the sound. Nothing.
Beeep-Beeep-Beeep-Beeep!
Raife looks at the dash. There is a cell phone hanging in a bracket. Maybe that’s what’s beeping. If so, why doesn’t Al-Awwal answer it? What the hell’s going on? It doesn’t make any sense, the continuous beeping. What the hell is it? Doesn’t Al-Awwal hear it? Should he say something? What the fuck!
Beeep-Beeep-Beeep-Beeep!
“Road Kuwait.” Al-Awwal speaks for the first time, pointing through the windshield to the overpass a few seconds ahead. Road Kuwait, Raife thinks about it. That must mean: That is the road to Kuwait. Verbs and other little bits are often unnecessary, something Raife likes about traveling, the fact that English can no problem having the many lovely forms to coming.
Beeep-Beeep-Beeep-Beeep!
“I see. How far Kuwait?”
“Three hundrit.”
“Kilometers?”
Al-Awwal doesn’t respond. Either his English skills are exhausted or it was a stupid question. Three hundred what? Hours? Days? Light years? Inches? Meters? Car lengths? Dead bodies lined up to be buried?
Beeep-Beeep-Beeep-Beeep!
Raife watches as the overpass disappears behind them. He thinks about the “Road Kuwait” and for some reason this stimulates emotions. He recalls watching the bombing of Baghdad on TV, and the big, colorful book that mysteriously showed up on his table one day. It was full of pictures of mutilated Kuwaitis, pictures of their tortured and maimed bodies. Men, women and children. He had no idea where the book came from. It was just suddenly there. He recalls some of the pictures. Men with massive holes in their faces. Men with no faces. Big festering wounds from poisons or chemicals. And all this only three hundred somethings away, just back there on the Road Kuwait.
Maybe he will go there.
Beeep-Beeep-Beeep-Beeep!

Raife staresssssss at the plastic bags and nearly reaches to open one just in case he was wrong, but instead leaves the kitchen for the hallway. It is long.
The first bedroom. Nothing that wasn’t just there.
The hallway. It’s empty, silent and strange, a passage to all the rooms, but how many?
The second bedroom; it’s big, there’s a door in the opposite corner.
The patio, of course.
The second bathroom. A strange face is there, one expecting something to happen but nothing’s clear about whose it is, about where it came from, about why it is here, wherever “here” is.
Down the hallway to the front door again; turn and repeat the process.
Living room. Empty.
Dining room. Empty.
Hallway, long and well lit, leading to, where?
Kitchen, and two plastic bags. One poissssson.

Raife steps from the airport into perfect air and – lovely – he thinks. A temperate breeze wanders over his face, into his nose. Thick green tropical trees line a wide street. Flowers and plants everywhere. Balmy fresh air filling his lungs and so, just so lovely! The sidewalk is clean. The median is full of palm trees and below them plants with purple and some with white flowers. The road is clean, the air perfect. Moist and fragrant, soft and gentle it seeps into nostrils wide and accepting.
He takes deep breaths, fills his lungs with the sweetest air he can recall, sweeter even than in Lesotho where dry air was fragrantless except when early morning village fires were smoldering, and waking creatures filled the crystal air with sounds unmechanical.
He looks at the interlocking stone sidewalk. It is clean and the pieces fit nicely. There are only a few cars, and quiet is the first thing not heard. Darkness illuminated by mild lighting and reflections of colorful leaves soothe him as he stands there waiting for Al-Awwal, who he thinks said, “Wait outside.” It was hard to tell, though it sounded as if he was speaking from a cell phone, over the sound of rushing wind and a racing engine.
He lifts his head for a deep breath, and notices a man walking straight for him. He is wearing a lovely white robe that hangs down to his sandals. On his head is a red-and-white checkered head covering, drifting elegantly in the slight wind of his movement. He has a beard. He is kind looking, handsome and apparently gentle. He smiles. “Hraif?”

“Food.”
Raife leavesssssss the kitchen.
The hallway.
The first bedroom
The second bedroom. He pauses. He will sleep in the big bed.
There’s a pillow. He has a pillow. The pillow. Get the pillow.
The hallway.
The suitcase. It is heavy and only one arm is useful. The wheels squeak.
The hallway.
The bedroom and he opens the suitcase. The pillow is on top.
He removes it. Tosses it on the bed. Now what? He’s so damn hungry nothing makes sense.
The hallway. Nothing.
The second bathroom – the mirror. Wide eyes staring aimlessly and parts disconnected, fading into nothing. Hunger. Such hunger.
Feeeeed me!
Hallway up, and hallway down, thinking – thinking about what?
What am I doing? How did I get here? Where am I? Who am I?
What does it all mean?
The living room. What’s happening?
The dining room. What’s the use of this room? What am I doing in it? How did I get from wherever I was to wherever I am?
The kitchen, and two plastic bagsssssss: poison.

“Need phone. You have phone?” Raife stands at the information desk. It is made of interlocking marble bricks highly polished and stacked in a half-circle. A computer is there, and a phone. A man sits behind the desk, also dressed in a white robe and with a red and white checkered cloth on his head. “Phone? I need to call this one.” He hands the man a paper on which numbers have been written hastily. The man looks at it, nods his head as if he doesn’t understand and calls to his partner. He looks at it, and calls to another guy. That guy points across the enormous and sparsely decorated but immaculately clean building to phones on the opposite wall. “I need money or card?”
Raife wonders what the hell he’s going to do, or if anyone will even show up. Al-Awwal, his contact, is nowhere to be seen. The man points to Raife’s porter, the one who was immediately there to load his bags onto a cart and see him out once he was cleared through customs, a process that required thirty seconds. The porter nods his head and moves away. Raife looks around. Highly polished floors and in the far corner – they are all far corners – he spots many rugs on the floor. Prayer, he thinks. There are few chairs and these are clean and new. The walls are also polished, and the doors, enormous doors, are of clean glass. Polished steel hinges and polished handles and polished reinforcement. Polished and utterly quiet, huge!
Four men are on their knees, on the carpets, speaking softly and bowing forward. Praying?
The man helping Raife organizes everything he needs to make a phone call and returns. He insists on taking the number from Raife and making the call himself. He hands the phone to Raife once it is answered, something that surprises him.
“Is this Mr. Al-Awwal?”
“Aywah.”
“It’s Raife. I’m here, now. Dammam.”
“Airbort. Komingk.”
“I’m here at the airport.”
“Halas. Komingk airbort. Listn sayara?”
Raife wonders what the heck Al-Awwal’s talking about.
“Listn sayara. Airbort five mint.”
Raife tries to make sense of whatever it is Al-Awwal has said. Perhaps he said he was coming to the airport now and would be there in five minutes, a stretch of interpretation indeed, yet Raife is pretty good at making the English to stretching. No problem he doing this any time he make some needing it.
“Okay,” he says, shoulders rising with the voice, and hangs up.

The firsssssssst bedroom.
The hallway.
Second bedroom, walking up and down, back and forth, a brain operating but not working, running but not arriving; nothing sensible crystallizes.
Bathroom, the mirror. Restless eyes staring. Separate components disjoined, an unseen face stares at unseeable eyes, aimless and wide. Holes in the center accept light. The head is detached.
The hallway; it is long and well lit, terminating far away, but leading to where?
Front door. Check it. It’s locked. Check it again. Locked.
Again, still locked.
Are you sure?
Check it again and again, but never enough to satisfy, satisfy what?
Again, again, again.
Living room, silent.
First bathroom. Empty. All sound echoes. In the mirror an empty face, echoes of synthesis but features prevail, those unclear.
Dining room, now what? Now what? Now what? Food!
Hallway.
Kitchen, two plastic bags. Full. On the table. One full of drinks the other full of poison. The first mistake, the lasssssssst.
Breathiiiiiiiiing.

Raife notices how clean everything is in King Fahd International Airport. The carpet where the floor is carpeted, the marble where the carpet ends. Big glass doors shine. Highly polished trimmings and components shine. It is quiet. Only four people are ahead of him, two are women, hidden women. They float along it seems, without feet to propel them. They are covered in black. Are they human?
It is almost perfectly silent and a sense of peace prevails. No shouting, no machine noise, no whatever it is that usually makes terminals uneasy. Just a sense of peace, total peace, and he wonders why. The hallway ends in the area where passengers must have their passports stamped; immigration it’s called, that first big room into which one enters after having walked through a tunnel to get there. It’s huge, with spotlessly clean marble floors as far as he can see. There are ten or twelve immigration booths, but only two are being used. There are five people in total. Raife follows the small group toward the booths. Footsteps echo in the marble room, sound-waves reflect off perfectly clean walls and a ceiling full of lights. It is beautiful, quiet. Nearly empty.
He approaches the booth and hands his passport to the customs official. He takes it. He appears peaceful. He has no sword. There are no guns. There is no anger, or terror, or threat, or violence in his face. He has a long beard, but from close-up it looks nice. He studies the passport, glances at Raife’s face, then points at the opposite wall to a counter over which a sign reads “Foreign guests,” or something to that effect. Raife walks over to it, echoes of his feet filling the enormous room where few people can be seen and light glows.
klip - klip - klip - klip
“Did you forget to double-check your bags?”
klip - klip - klip - klip
“What things did you leave inside?”
klip - klip - klip - klip
“From Africa something you shouldn’t have?”
klip - klip - klip - klip
“From America something that wouldn’t be allowed?”
klip - klip - klip - klip
“Surely something will be found, and boy! Are you in TROUBLE!”
klip - klip - klip - klip
Raife begins fidgeting during the short walk, convinced he has left something inside one of his bags that he shouldn’t have, sure he has forgotten something that he shouldn’t have, sure that something terrible is just about to happen.
He stops at the counter and sets his bag on the narrow countertop. The room behind is empty. He turns around. Four or five customs officials are sitting on a marble-walled planter behind him, in the middle of the room. Inside are a big palm tree and smaller shrubs. The men are staring at him. One of them stands.
Raife smiles nervously. Surprised at how clean and peaceful everything is, wondering at the same time just why it is so clean and peaceful.
The customs official who recently stood, walks slowly to the small room where Raife is standing, and enters through a secured door. He hands Raife a small piece of heavy paper, eight-by-four inches: a customs form.
Raife takes it, still surprised by how clean and peaceful everything is, but also nervous that he’s made a mistake. He looks down at his black polymer pants and black boots. Trouble, he senses, his heart now beating faster and faster.
Tension in his stomach rises.
He lowers his head to study the form, still marveling at how peaceful it is, and still wondering why it is that way. He begins reading, following the words, allowing his eyes to roam freely until they freeze at:
WARNING, DEATH! FOR DRUG TRAFFICKING
He gasps. He hears voices and shouting. He turns suddenly and sees the customs officials have opened his suitcase and scattered things all over the floor! They have a small plastic bag in their hands. They are shouting at him now and waving it in the air. He turns to run! They charge him and,

thud.

A dropped piece of baggage lands on the floor directly below Raife, and the contents, thirty-nine years of misconception, with it. “Sorry.” The man behind the counter smiles, and leans over the edge to get a better look at the small handbag.
Raife stares at the back of the man’s head, the thick pile of perfect black hair. There are no stamps, marks or identification numbers tattooed there. He then turns to the source of the commotion behind him and sees there is nothing scattered over the perfectly clean floor but the other customs officials themselves, wrestling each other and giggling lightly. He turns back to the man, smiles, and picks his bag off the floor.

Raife dumpssssssss the contents of the first bag onto the table. His heart sinks: it is full of poison. He knew it would be. The first night in the country and already they have tried to kill him. Typical of these bearded types.
Doughnuts, cakes, rolls, bread, pretzels, and more of the same, at least a dozen different things, all made of poison. Yes, the quick-mart, it was a quick mart after all. “Damn wheat,” he stares hungrily at the contents, once again disappointed by a stomach unable to digest gluten.
He dumps the other bag on the table. Juices, a dozen different juices and a drinking glass. That was what took Al-Awwal so long. He was choosing snacks for Raife, for tonight that is. Raife grabs an orange juice and begins pacing.
The hallway.
Bedrooms.
Bathrooms.
Hallway again. Up and down, down and up. He walks from end to end thinking, but aimlessly. He’s starving. His brain is useless, he’s wired from the tension, the long flight during and after which absolutely nothing unusual or threatening happened except the warning for drug traffickers. But that wouldn’t apply to him, though indeed it was a shock to see DEATH written in such bold, irrefutable letters.
Hallway, it’s long but well lit.
Dining room, peaceful and quiet. No food.
Bathroom One, a face unknown, detached, staring at itself but seeing nothing.
Hallway, it’s long and silent. He walks.
Bathroom Two, a face unseen, obscured, staring at itself and seeing hunger. Hunger. That’s what this is all about. Hunger.
The hallway.
Fassssting.
He walks up the hallway, down the hallway.
Pacing.
It’s been nearly a day since he’s eaten. Up the hallway fasting, down the hallway drinking only juice, his mind empty and nothing, not any one of the rooms makes sense. Nothing makes sense; only individual pieces appear, nothing to join them. No meaning, no super-ordinate category heading, or paradigm, or psychological model, or criterial assumption. Just parts, pieces, scattered bits of items disconnected from any whole. Disconnected from anything capable of making it all meaningful, of joining everything together.
The hallway. It’s like an evacuated dream with many shadows, where images emerge unconnectedly.
More rooms, why are they here? What to do with them? He moves like a large cat, pacing back and forth inside a strange cage, perhaps leaving a scent in every corner, evidence that he exists, that he was here, that he knows where he is when in fact he is too hungry to know anything.
The kitchen, a second look. Hunger and fasting. He stares at the contents: poison, all of it, two days of agony, a stomach writhing, sleeplessssness. Another juice then, and more pacing.
Up and down the hallway, in and out of rooms, through doors and back again. From going in to coming out, from entering to leaving, but never arriving. Why, why pacing up and down the halls?
Why so hungry?
He should have said something. It was his own fault. He could have spoken when they stopped at the quick-mart. His stomach now, his lack of sense, his weepable state of starvation wishes he had said something. But he didn’t. He thought about it. He thought about saying, “Food,” but he didn’t. He waited to see what would happen, hesitated to impose his wishes, or were they needs? What distinguishes the two, a need from a wish, an expectation from a push to get our way? What happens when, forsaking the fact that we’re right, we allow the night to unfold, listening for the voice that once told us how to live, that once showed us a better way, before marketing persuaded us otherwise.
“What?”
The hallway.
“That is why you are here”
The bathroom.
“That is why you have come”
The living room.
“That is your purpose for being”
The dining room.
“To balance need with understanding”
The bedroom.
“Want with love”
Finally he stops walking and sits down at the edge of the bed. The portable alarm clock Maria bought him just for this trip is standing on the dresser. He touches it and it lights up: midnight. It is midnight. Two hours of pacing the apartment, of wandering up and down the hallway and in and out of rooms trying to make sense of anything, have ended. He is exhausted and lonely, his involuntary fasting having depleted him of reasoning. Maria and Ku he won’t see for at least three months and three kilograms of paperwork. Nothing makes sense. He is far away. He’s ssssstarving.
Fasting.
Lying on the bed now, staring into the darkness and listening for the ringing that never leaves, that never fails to guide him forward, into the unknown and bring him back again, better. He closes his eyes, listens carefully until it surfaces into view, and then follows it deeper into itself until it is the only thing he can hear.
Ssssssssssssssssssssssss…
He listens intently for a minute or two from the outside, and then once locked on to the ringing, merges himself with the tone and becomes one vibrating high-frequency tissue hovering in the darkness of his own closed eyes.
Ssssssssssssssssssssssss…
Before thought, prior to instinct – whispering across the range of his own auditory signal he glides among himself, flutters – tingles between the sheets of margin waiting for some external sound to disturb the surface of his elastic sizzle, and silence it.
Ssssssssssssssssssssssss…
He feels the night around him for a sound, for an impulse to squish the ringing out from between his ears, but nothing comes, nothing emerges from the surrounding silence to disperse the tone and tell him something he didn’t know.
Ssssssssssssssssssssssss…
It is totally silent outside the ringing and outside the window. He relaxes, floating in the darkness in another world and wondering, and listening, and falling deeper in the ringing darkness. His eyelids flutter a few times but remain open, close, open again, slide downward slowly and then open again.
Ssssssssssssssssssssssss…
Then close.
Ssssssssssssssssssssssss…
Open slowly, ever so slowly.
Ssssssssssssssssssssssss…
And then close again, slowly, ever so slowly they close and remain closed and the ringing stops and there’s nothing.




4.5. muezzin



“Allllaaaaaaaaaahu Akbar!”
Something.
“Allllaaaaaaaaaahu Akbar!”
Raife’s eyelids flutter a few times but remain closed, open, close again, slide upward slowly and then close again.
Then open.
Close slowly, ever so slowly.
“Allllaaaaaaaaaahu Akbar!”
And then open again, slowwwwwly, ever so slowly they open and remain open and the ringing is dispersed into something.
“Ashaaaaadu aaan la ilaha illa-Llah!”
It’s a voice – a man’s voice is drifting through the screens and filling the empty darkness of the room. It’s coming from somewhere outside, somewhere nearby and … is that a man’s voice drifting through the screens?
Close again.
“Ashaaaaadu aaan la ilaha illa-Llah!”
Open again. Is there a man outside singing? Is it singing?
“Ashadu aaanna Muhammadan rasuuulu-Llah!”
Yes, a man is outside the window and he is singing, his voice drifting through the screens ever so gently. It rises up from somewhere and wanders elusively into the room, drifting over the walls and sinking into the carpet. It fills the emptiness with a warmth that softens the darkness.
“Ashadu aaanna Muhammadan rasuuulu-Llah!”
Into the lonely corners it swims, joining them together and filling in all the gaps. Though it is deep, it is also round, slightly nasal and resonant with something sweet.
“Hayyaaaaa alaaaa-s-salaaaah!”
But – what is it? Why is there a man outside singing?
“Hayyaaaaa alaaaa-s-salaaaah!”
Is he courting someone with his song? Is he inviting someone to meet him outside, under the palm trees to dance in the morning light? To spin in the cool sand together, in bare feet? Watch the sunrise? Sit together side by side and – wait, it’s the call to prayer.
Yes, that’s it, the call to prayer. That means there’s a mosque somewhere nearby and this is that fellow whose job it is to call the people to prayer. To … sing is it? Is it singing? Chanting? What is it?
“Hayyaaaaa alaaaa-l-falaaaah!”
It is bottomless, that’s what it is – and lyrical, rising up and fading in the breeze and seeping into the room and, so alive, so … effortlessly it drips into the cracks of the insects and falls into the center of hearing and is that a morning bird? Or two?
“Hayyaaaaa alaaaa-l-falaaaah!”
Are they singing together, these living creatures? Has this been planned right from the start? They must have risen together, the man and the birds and the insects. They must have studied with the same teacher and learned the same cadence and rhythm. Their voices are still lazy with sleep and this creates a willowy sincerity in the sounds, a silky evenness ladled out from the deepest hollow.
“Allllaaaaaaaaaahu Akbar!”
And so very real. So fresh from the mouth of the singers and so elaborate with simplicity. So different from that man they saw on TV in Lesotho, when he and Maria sat together on the bed and watched the ART Channel, trying to prepare themselves for their near future. They’d sat close together on the fluffy blanket, listening to the men praying and watching them kneeling side by side in a white wave of electronically recorded movement. No, this is real. This is just down the street somewhere right now; right now the creatures of the morning stir their voices into the darkness for two additional ears to seize, and the notes swoop down and mask the ringing.
“Allllaaaaaaaaaahu Akbar!”
Beautiful, Raife thinks, and notices it is not even five a.m.




5. the wallet.



“Naught one.”
“Not one, huh?”
“Naught one second. I’d ’uv picked it oap straigh’ away.”
“Really?” Raife squirmed in his seat with the forming of the really, listened uneasily as it rose from his lips, both of which then squeezed together and scrunched up under his nose in the sign of regret, and perhaps even a little embarrassment. He had thought his decision to leave the wallet on the street was obviously the smart one. At least until a few seconds ago when Jube’s up came out like a kind of oap – identifying him as a white from the great island, where he’d probably rather be exactly at this moment.
“Think about it. If I’d lost me wallet, I’d hope a bloke like you’d pick it oap. Someun’ I could trust. You know, someun’ who wouldn’t take me money. Wouldn’t you?”
It seemed obvious enough then, when sitting on a nearly functional and semi-comfortable chair three stories oap, in another world, that picking oap the wallet should have been the course of action taken at the instant he saw it lying on the sidewalk. And such was the thought that slowed his response, extending the average conversational response time a few seconds longer than normal. Just enough for him to recall the thick brown wallet and scarcely visible contents, what at the time represented anomaly, but now vulnerability. “But that’s the whole point. I didn’t pick it up.” Raife recalled the image easily, and the traffic – uncountable cars and trucks ceaselessly passing by, an immense rush of vulgar noise still lingering in his ears. “I didn’t pick it up. Can you believe it?”
It was sunny, oddly enough. At least it seemed to be the local sentiment at the time, that sunny in mid-March was a pleasant surprise. That time of year the sun is rare in the big city, or rare enough to be spoken of when it does appear, hanging over buildings higher than anything he’d seen in years, or even cared to see. Lesotho had been elegant in that the only thing of height were mountains, rocky and dried-out shadows vaulting in unutterable silence.
New York City, exceptional as it was supposed to be, was a place he had hoped to avoid. More than a week before he had even gotten on the plane he began worrying about the two-day layover, how he’d manage to keep busy in a place where there were neither empty fields nor soundless forests in which he could sit, and listen. And all the people, the utter swarm of hominids in one place, colliding with each other on the sidewalks and crammed into one tiny airless vacuum of space. It didn’t help that he had a plate in his collarbone, eight screws, a right arm nearly useless and two enormous bags.
And it takes two airports to get out!
And two Pakistanis!
“You’d have picked it up for sure, hey?” The final hey was reminiscent of South African English, one of his favorite forms of a language being sold at incalculable sums of money all over the world.
“Of course.” Jube spoke quickly – no doubts, it seemed, about what he’d have done if given the same opportunity.
“You know, at any other time in my life I’d have picked it up. I’m sure of it. I’d have taken it to the police station, to a nearby restaurant, a shop, or some other public place and made a phone call to the right people, though who – well, I’d have made a plan anyway.” He had made lots of plans in South Africa. That was the only way to survive – make a plan. “Yeah, I’d have made a plan for sure,” he said, already beginning to feel the growing mass of regret pushing him deeper into the seat. The wallet hadn’t even been an issue until his officemate from the local college asked him if he’d ever been to New York. The first thought that came to his mind was the instant he saw it lying on the sidewalk. The next thought was about the poor fellow who owned it, and the next thought wasn’t even a thought, but an image of a man in jeans wandering around the streets looking for his wallet. He was staring at the ground the whole time, the weight of his loss more than the strength of his neck was able to bear.
“Damn.” It was the only word to come at that point, a small one from which there was no escape, and to which there was no return. “You know, I really feel bad for that poor guy. I just stood there for I don’t know how long staring at the wallet and trying to decide what to do – should I pick it up, leave it, what? At one point I even leaned so close, I could see all these details, and then all of a sudden it was like, wow, what does this mean?”
“It means it’s lost!”
“Yeah, I know – but you had to see it. It was just lying there on the sidewalk. I mean, this is not where it’s supposed to be, right? This means something’s wrong, something’s out of place, someone is in trouble. It was full, too – and thick. I could see papers sticking out of the folds; I could see the corners were all rounded-out from being carried around for however long – I don’t know, but it wasn’t new. Then I started to imagine what was inside it: money, personal records, pictures of his family, his license, what? Then I thought, who is this guy? Is he a plumber? A construction worker? A driver? What? What kind of guy loses his wallet on a street just off of West Broadway? I’m not sure why, but for some reason I figured he was probably a blue-collar type. Maybe because I identified the scene with myself: someone who doesn’t have enough money to be losing it.” Just that thought alone would have brought a few tears had the one listening not been so tall in the seat, and of such notable worth. In spite of strange vowels.
“Blimey, that’s a lot of messin’ about over a wallet. I’d ’uv just picked it oap!”
“Damn.” It came again, this time with a shake of the head.

Raife stands on a lonely sidewalk staring at a wallet. The sun is low and in only a few hours he’ll board a plane for Saudi Arabia, leaving his wife and dog half an earth behind. Many tears were shed at the moment he had hugged each goodbye, and the smell of Ku’s head, the soft and furry area behind the ears, remains permanently fixed in his memory. As for Maria he can only recall her voice, and the final glance when he turned around on the boarding ramp and saw her sagging heavily in her seat, trying through misty eyes to send him off with courage while he, growing weaker with each step he took, finally blew a load of wet glop the second he hit the passenger’s seat. He had realized during the agonizing process of saying goodbye just how much he wanted to see them both again, and soon – and nothing, if he could help it, was going to change that. He’d try to keep both his hands clean in the meantime, and still attached.
Unlike the wallet now sitting on the sidewalk waiting for a decision to be made. What to do?
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
A stream of cars from the main street, West Broadway, pass one after another – endlessly howling in the day, in the night, in the afternoon a voice through which hearing is losssst.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Through which lungs suffer the consequences of too many people who too many times a day emit the malodorous reek of being packaged too tightly, of concrete and sewers, of pollutants too complex to pronounce.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Air conditioners and heaters. Electric fans spinning at high velocities, compressors and blowers and motors – shrill waves puncturing the delicate organs of hearing. Engines roaring through the gears not even out of second, and time to stop again.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
The stream flows, the air blows, and Raife stands looking at the wallet, wondering just what to do.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
“Pick it up,” the impulse is there, cars rolling.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
“Let it lie,” the alternative speaks, a warning or advice.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm …
The surface of the wallet is smooth from many years of carrying and being carried. The edges are rounded and slightly worn, and from between the folds the various hues of negotiating this world protrude in crinkled tufts. It is thick with possibility.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
“Pick it up.” Again it comes, a voice from above, or perhaps below. A metaphor too old to be of use.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
“Don’t touch it,” the other squeaks. “Whose life is worth more?”
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
“Indeed.” Raife moves slowly around the wallet, looking down more often than looking oap, though the latter he does carefully, wondering who’s responsible for arranging what is probably a trap. Across the street, on the other side of the narrow alley a car is idling. The two men seated inside are talking. Workers? Police? Who are they and why are they there? and Raife stands looking at the wallet.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
It is lying with the curved side down, the well worn and shiny arched side facing oapwards now soft with use. In and out many times a day. Coffee break, gas, snacks, hamburgers for the kids. Bills to pay. “There’s an ATM over there; let me get some bucks.” And a man wearing faded jeans and heavy boots steps oap to the machine and removes enough for the night, leaving not enough for the year. It’s a tough place to live, this country, in spite of all the things to buy. Or rather, because of all the things to buy.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Raife lifts his gaze, looking to see if there’s anyone around watching him, ready to grab him the moment he touches the wallet. The traffic light at the intersection has just turned green and cars begin racing by once more. A young couple passes on the opposite sidewalk. It is Sunday night out before the week returns and the wallet begins to expand slowly, yet never fast enough. Behind them a few teenagers linger impatiently on skateboards, their caps turned backwards. Loose jackets and faded pants, baggy and wrinkled, like the pants Raife will wear on the plane.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
“Pick it up,” the impulse returns, and the eyes again scan the area. Still the car is idling, still the cars are passing, still no one seems to be coming this way and the battle continues.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
“Don’t touch it.” Raife turns on his feet slowly, looking oap into the buildings and all around him at the same time. The wallet is just lying there, its smooth leather calling attention, but to no one other than Raife. He moves forward slowly, sinks lower to the ground by bending his knees slightly, and stares more closely at the wallet.
There are no shadowssss.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Nearby a van of some sort, perhaps belonging to the very owner of this wallet, is tight against the curb. On the side are a few big words Raife fails to encode, though he wonders if the owner of the wallet himself had only recently stepped from the van in enough of a hurry to have dropped his most valuable possession: the wallet right before Raife’s eyes. The wallet he is afraid to touch.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
He straightens up slowly, ready now to seek assistance. Surrounding him are buildings saturated with the breath and sweat of a million passers, not one of them ready to relieve him of this challenge. The wallet is just there, lying on the sidewalk. The whole scene seems absurd, almost impossible – someone’s wallet, their most personal possession, on a public sidewalk four feet wide and well trampled. It’s totally out of place, should be in a pocket or in a bag, on the shelf at home, or on the nightstand next to the bed. It definitely doesn’t belong on the sidewalk.
Funny place for a wallet to be.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
“Stay out of it.”
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
“So that’s what you’ve come to then, is it now. Staying out of things in order to protect yourself…”

“It was the lesson of Africa: take care of yourself.” Raife reclines as much as possible in a chair designed for someone other than a nearly six-foot American. The carpet is musty now and the impending summer humidity appears as beads of sweat on a forehead growing larger by the day. “It seems odd, I know,” his voice trails off, perhaps some morality he’d rather not face, or rather not embrace, “but it was the lesson. Africa’s the Savannah, still. You have to live as though you’re being hunted all the time.”
Jube doesn’t seem convinced, but then he hasn’t lived in Africa. “But it was a bloody wallet on the street. In New York City!”
“So?”
“What could’ve happened?”
“That’s the thing. I have no idea. It was an intuitive impulse. An instinct. The very thing that keeps those on the Savannah alive. It seemed reasonable at the time, though now I don’t know. Jeez. I feel bad for that guy.”

“They’ll cut your hand off!” Janick was leaning over a KTM 250, staring at his greasy hands. The right one held a spanner on one of the top triple clamp bolts and the left was braced against the handlebars for support. “Then they throw you in prison and your family has to feed you.” He turned the spanner a little more, sensing if he was getting close to the right amount of tension; he never bothered with torque wrenches. “Just feel,” he would say, more confident in the ability of his sensitive hands than his ability to use fancy gadgets. “Ack, my friend told me. Okes see your family going to prison to feed you, so now they’re outcasts in the village. And when you get out, no one will hire you because you’re missing a hand, hey, and that means you’re a thief. So since you can’t get a job you have to steal again, and the next time they kill you. Fuck!” He stood oap and stretched his back slowly. The bike under repair was Helmut’s, already in need of a complete overhaul after only three races. “Ah but hey, they don’t have a problem with crime, not like this place.” He was referring to South Africa and Lesotho. Everything was barred, gated and secured with dogs. “There wasn’t a fence in Ladybrand three years ago,” he once said, “before Mandela took over.” Now nothing was safe, including security dogs – usually the first to go. The standard practice was to toss poisoned meat over fences and then wait for dogs to gobble it up and die, after which sinister deeds were done in dark places. Just a few weeks before, the house of a US embassy worker had been broken into and his wife and her sister raped. “That’s what we need here, cut the okes’ hands off, that’d be lekker. But no way, eh? The only color to be now is Black. You can get away with anything, or doing fuck all.”
Raife envied the ease with which Janick could fix things, especially bikes. He had repaired his bike the year before when an unexplained valve problem had stumped everyone but Janick, who fixed it in a long day. Raife was glad to pay him what seemed like a small sum at the time, about a hundred and fifty dollars. “They don’t fuck around, hey?” Raife asked.
“Ack, no way, man. Kingsley was telling me they leave their cars unlocked. Once some oke left his wallet on the counter, and no one touched it for days. When he finally figured out where he left it, fuck, it was still there. Just sitting on the counter, full of money!” He seemed pleased with that story and stopped working altogether to tell it. His hands were useful for the purpose, thick, short fingers and muscular palms illustrated leaving and collecting a wallet. “Fuck, I must lock my own tools up, hey, to keep them away from these peckies.” He jerked his head in the direction of his help, two local Basotho.
Raife looked beyond the workers in the direction of a massive vertical tool cabinet, and recalled the night he nearly broke his back helping Helmut carry it out of the shop during the failed coup. He heard again the shots that had hurried him along, the – SsssssssBooooom! – Faster than the sound they made, suddenly they took his breath away and he ran, ran like he never had. He thought it would be his last night alive. One of the very reasons he’s leaving Lesotho in a few days, sick of worrying about his life. “Well, I know I’m fed up with the crime here.” He looked down at a floor once covered with six inches of liquid paraffin and pieces of shattered glass and broken concrete.
“Ack, I’d leave if I could.”
He then looked at the newly painted and repaired walls, remembering how the whole building had caved in when a truck bashed through the front wall and the drunken load of rioters in the back jumped out and destroyed Janick’s shop. He also remembered the gun pointing in his face, how all his political correctness exploded in a blinding eruption of,

LIVE!

...heard far faster than anything he’d ever heard before. He’d have killed those bastards if he’d had his own gun. He’d even imagined bashing a few heads himself – actually tried later that same night with flying rocks of various sizes. Funny how all the education disappears when staring into the barrel of a large gun pointed boastfully in the wrong direction. Us and Them, the distinction is clear and the war on, without ever having asked for it.
That’s why he was leaving for a place he heard was far safer than anywhere else in the world, though he also feared making a mistake of some kind, followed by the consequences: one less hand, maybe one less head – one too few.
“They don’t fuck around, hey?” Janick was proud of knowing that, while it only worried Raife more. The other day, after the high altitude morning chill gave way to a burning afternoon sun, he had removed his sweater in the dressing room of a clothes shop, and when walking out in a tee shirt with the sweater bundled up in his hands, discovered how fast the local security could run. They were behind him in a few seconds, right outside the front door. “Stop, ntate!” They shouted.
Raife turned suddenly, aware of what had happened. “Sorry, bontate. Is mine. See?” He held the dirty, sweaty ball oap to their noses, watching as they slowly realized their mistake. But the lesson had stuck. What if he made a similar mistake where he was going and,

thud

...a hand falls to the dusty ground. Horrified eyes fill with moisture and only one hand remains to touch his wife, forever half out of reach.
“God, I hope I don’t fuck up.” He still feels the pain of a missing member, a hand, a beautiful hand.
“You better not, eh?” No one knew more about making mistakes than Janick, half-a-dozen broken things from errors made at high speeds. Raife had learned while riding with these South Africans that excuses are useless and do nothing to resolve the pain of broken things, or hurry the period of healing during which the bike sits, gathering dust.
“Shit.” He looked again at his hand, the right one, longing even now to hold his wife, to cuddle her from behind while lying in bed on his left side, his right arm dangling over her narrow shoulder, the right hand cupped gently over her breast – spooning together in bed the most perfect fit he’d ever known.

Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Another car growls by, howling an accusation.
“Thief!”
“Crook!”
“Off with his hand!”
Three stories over the clean road below, over which people walk safely, nothing to fear in Al-Huwaylat, even though it’s two a.m. “All events are contextualized. My encounter with the wallet occurred at a spatial-temporal moment in my personal time line. So when I saw it, I saw it through the lens of possibility, a product of what I believed to be the case, what I observed, had observed, and believed I would potentially observe. I never had direct access to the wallet, I never observed it. I merely saw myself. And that’s life, right? Irreversible acts of amplification, measurements we make and can’t go back on, measurements that tell us more about ourselves than about the ‘objects’ we are purporting to measure. It is the isolation of things that aren’t until we isolate them.”
“I don’t know, sounds like a pile of gob shyte to me.”
“Think about it this way…”
“Ah mon, it was a bloody wallet, on the street!”
“No. It wasn’t a thing; it was a potential. Nothing is until we define it, and we define it based in part on what we expect it to be, or rather, on what we want it to be.”
“But according to your own logic, the lesson in one place is not the lesson in another place. The lesson in Africa is not the lesson here.”
“But the lesson in Africa contributed to my set of expectations, helped to shape them, so by the time I was on my way here, I was caught in a more or less subconscious stream, fulfilling ‘prophesies,’ so to speak, as I floated along.”
Jube merely nods at this, still astonished at Raife’s lack of, of what? “Well, at any rate, they don’t cut hands off for picking oap wallets. Mon, you’re paranoid. You must’ve read too much propaganda!”
He takes a sip of his non-alcoholic beer, the only thing available in this part of the peninsula unless one wanted to brew their own; something Raife discovered was quite common. It seemed just about everybody had a few gallons stashed in a closet somewhere, bubbling away.
“Of course, I know that now, but I couldn’t know that before I came. Jeez, I spent most of my time planning how I’d manage here, how I’d survive without getting into some kind of serious trouble. I’m always screwing up, you know? Am pretty careless and forgetful – though really, I probably spend more time worrying about mistakes than making them – yet you gotta’ admit, it wouldn’t take much to get the boot, or should I say the sandal. Get this, about a half-hour before I saw the wallet, I had walked passed this café…”

Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Raife’s eyes wander through the colorful maze of people and objects, both adorned in such a way that no two things appear identical, but are yet similar enough to be recognized as basically the same: each, another of that.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
By now he’s growing tired, almost four hours of walking – simply walking in any direction, in any manner, in any way he pleases. No one even notices or cares that he’s here, just another of the millions who inhabit the area, faceless, without identity, pictures on plastic, digital identities encoded on cards representing money they don’t have. One more foot in jail.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
He’s hungry and thirsty, and though restaurants line either side of the street, most of them only serve plastic food. Grease. Fat. Fast. Stinky. Like it’s been pressed out of some noisy machine and dumped on a plastic tray and coated with one kind of plastic sauce or another. Plastic cups and plastic wrappers and plastic tables and chairs and trash cans. The plastic cycle.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommm…
Cars continue to race by but he can hear little through his earplugs other than what sounds like the subdued drone of rushing water. The stream flows, but to where? He wonders – still roaming, still thinking, still wondering what will appear when he steps off the plane on the other side of the earth, in the desert Kingdom.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommm…
He looks again at his choice of traveling clothes, trying to imagine the reception he’ll receive. So comfortable, yet militant in a sort of way. He begins to feel as though it was a bad idea and that he should have chosen something more professional: a tie maybe, or one of the many new pairs of pants or many new shirts he’d purchased just a few weeks ago, the first time in years he had bought new clothes. In Africa and China the dress code was simple: something covering the body, easy. The polymer athletic pants with sporty tee-shirts had been his only costume.
Indeed, ‘costume’ – good word.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Everything’s a costume, more or less, once someone wears it. Hominids don’t have the capacity to observe clothes, or anything for that matter, without importing some kind of greater meaning, without interpreting whatever it is in some larger context. Clothes are never simply innocuous items of fabric worn for purely pragmatic reasons, and even if they were, people would never see that. They’d see a value system. They’d see a history, a location. An attitude. They’d see exactly what they wanted to see, but think it was what they were supposed to see, what was there to be seen.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
He stops in front of a shop with big glass front window and stares at himself in the mirror. The black pants and black boots are the first things he notices. There’s an ominous quality to the combination, as if the only thing missing is one of those crowd control clubs or an automatic handgun. This is the kind of outfit a dubious person wears. It can’t be certain exactly what this guy does, but it can be certain that he’s not likely to tell the whole story. This is the value system of dark places.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Secrets and shadows.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
He moves his gaze from the pants and boots and follows the contours of his body upwards to the jacket zipped comfortably around him. Just an hour or so earlier when he was wandering though a square in the middle of the city a strange woman had walked by and said, in that kind of sassy-urban voice, “dude, nice jacket.” Raife wasn’t sure who the woman was talking to until he looked behind him and saw her smiling back. Then he knew she was referring to the jacket he had bought less than a week before he had climbed on the plane. Receiving a compliment on it, however, wasn’t something he would have expected, though comments of another kind wouldn’t have surprised him. 
The value system of the jacket was one he hadn’t espoused before then. It was bright yellow combined with an off white and soft gray, likely to have been designed for snowboarding or some other winter activity. The type of fabric and lovely colors had jumped out at him the second he saw it hanging in the local sporting goods shop. Until that moment he had always had a taste for subdued earth tones, what were supposedly innocuous unfashionable items, at least according to many of his intellectual colleagues, who tended to avoid color. But when he saw the jacket the bright colors seemed to say, “I am alive, and not afraid of it,” and this was a sentence he had many good reasons to believe, so he took it off the rack and paid for it without having given it a second thought.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Until he heard “nice jacket,” the second sentence to have been derived from an experience of clothes. The first was the sentence he had imagined and the second was the sentence he had heard. In either case it was a sentence produced about an object observed, which is precisely what we hominids do best: interpreting things in the form of sentences. Even if we’re not making them with our mouths we’re making them in our heads – taking the meaningless stuff of observation and making it meaningful, or more than that, giving it an existence it doesn’t have on its own.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm …
He scans both sides of the road quickly, looking again for something to eat that’s not plastic-based, something Eastern perhaps, anything other than synthetic hamburgers and fries, or the ubiquitous gluten poison. “Eat plenty of wheat,” certain health proponents claimed, yet wheat almost killed him a few years back, and it was in just about everything one could get in public places. Fact is, it's not so easy to generalize health in a world full of diversity, or in a continuous interpretation of a reality that is, only because we observe it.
Or eat it.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Which is the “ting,” as Ashok used to say. “If we didn’t have to eat, we would have the total freedom.” Sorn, Raife’s other best friend, had concluded just the opposite. For him eating was essential, along with sleeping and “crystallizing the creative impulse.” This last, the appetite to create, was the most important of all the appetites, and to crystallize the creative impulse into something that has material form was the ultimate achievement. Eating and sleeping were required for living and therefore essential, whereas sex – now that was where Sorn had the problem. The sexual impulse was what prevented freedom in his philosophy of life, and true freedom could only result when the sexual impulse was contained, or controlled, or gotten rid of, because – as he eventually concluded – “sex is stupid.”
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
The specific target of his criticism was orgasm, or the “wasting” of the creative impulse. Orgasm represented the loss of some kind of power, the power responsible for the impulse to crystallize. Painting was his form of crystallization, but it could be music or literature or architecture – it didn’t matter as long as it took on some material form. This was the ultimate destiny of the species, and the worst sin he could think of was to have died without having crystallized the creative impulse.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
And this included reproduction, another from of crystallizing the creative impulse – which was in effect the sexual impulse – but under the condition that one has taken the time to nurture the creative impulse in the offspring as well, give it all the time of day, love, dedication, training, education – “total cultivation.”
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
A garden was also a form of crystallization, but not as valuable as some great technological innovation, the highest form of crystallization. In fact, he had often said, if he were ever to earn enough money from his art, the first thing he would buy was not a house or a sports car or a private jet, but an electron microscope. Then he could sit in his own house and peer into the smallest components of reality.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Including the contents of his orgasms, since he was so fascinated by the fact that there was nothing potent left in them. All the medication he had taken over the years for his disease had pretty much destroyed that function of his system. But he was glad for this “natural vasectomy,” as he called it, because it had saved him hundreds of dollars on an artificial one and thousands on his failure to overcome his sexual impulse.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Something he never did manage to get under control, which was probably why he was always talking about it, and almost always around the time he was getting hungry. It was totally predictable. He would start digging around in the kitchen for something to eat and inevitably this would steer him toward the subject of sex and in the end give him a chance to restate his most valued philosophical assumption: “Imagine,” he would say, “you have no interest in sex. You would be like a god.”
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
But then you would have no interest in creativity, either, which was the essential problem with his basic philosophy. If the creative impulse and the sexual impulse are linked and one successfully overcomes the latter, then the former is essentially history, as is the ultimate achievement of “crystallization.”
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Which is the “ting” as Ashok used to say. We create these paradoxes for ourselves and spend most of our time trying to sort them out.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Walking around with our head down, seeking in the pavement clues to a way out of our own trap. Sorn did that. Around and around he would go, his head down, shoulders rounded over, trying to find a way out of a self-inflicted paradox derived from wanting two simultaneously contradictory things: to crystallize the creative impulse and to be unburdened from the sexual impulse.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
But then, “the ting is,” as Ashok used to say. “Don’t believe anything you are telling to yourself.”
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Right.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Which means what Sorn probably really wanted was just a convenient receptacle in which to unload his sexual impulse so he could be free to crystallize his creative one.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
And this more or less resolves the puzzle. The only problem with appetites is when they cannot be satisfied, which might explain why Ashok always used to say the only bad word is ‘hunger’ and the only good word is ‘sex’.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Sex?
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Why all this thinking about sex?
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Raife scans the area closely, this time making a definitive attempt to find a place to eat. Italian, Mexican, Indian, American – a street full of food potential, though none of it appealing. Except maybe the Mexican place; they worship the corn-god, his savior – along with prophet rice, brother graham and sister soy flours. And just ahead there is a …
He freezes, cars are really moving now.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
“Don’t go in there, little brother”
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
“Don’t even look”
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
“Don’t even think about those sisters and brothers”
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
“They’ll kill you quickly, you Kaffir, you crook!?”
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
He pauses directly outside the window of the cafe. Inside the dining area in glassy cabinets are all kinds of aromatic meats – and he can feel the drops of saliva form on the tip of his tongue. One large one, crystal and sparkling, slowwwllly reaches the edge of its capacity to adhere, slips silently down his chin, dangles momentarily, and then – Rrrrrrfffff, slips noiselessly through the air and splatters on the back of his beautiful right hand. Small fragments of the original spread outward in space, following unique paths through time and leaving small stains at their final destinations. One of them appears on the rough wooden handle of his favorite knife, the one he had bought in the shop next to the Ladybrand Spar. He was excited that day, having found the knife he’d been looking for since he left the original in China. This one, like the one he had forgotten to pack in his bag, was sturdy, with a thin steel blade and hand-turned wooden handle. It was something that would last forever, especially considering the great care he gave it – a thin coat of oil after each use.
“Just wait, Ku. It’s coming.”
“Rrrrrffff!” Ku sat at Raife’s feet, a few drops of his own saliva visible on the semi-clean floor, the best Raife could ever manage in these parts. “ Just wait.” He cut through the filet slowly, measuring each slice at roughly three-eighths on an inch, perfect for quick frying over a thin coat of oil, and gobs, utter gobs of garlic. Special wheat-free soy sauce squirted in a few seconds later at the peak of heat, and – perfect: butter-soft fillet. He could feel more drops of saliva forming on his own tongue.
“Holy shit!” Rik spoke at near-painful decibels, a result of years of martial arts training combined with the ride they had just concluded from the airport. Raife met him with two dirt bikes and a frightening journey into Roma the “back way.” Only three hours off the plane, Rik was already splattered with mud and wide eyed. “I’m drooling!” He held in his perfect hand, the right one – the one with which he often held his saber – a glorious bottle of hard cider. His left hand was in his pocket, hidden then, but later to be seen squeezing the clutch of his motorbike as he flew in the air for up to three seconds at a time and then returned to the ground with a shock contained in strong fingers and thick, muscular hands; not to mention arms, legs, and numerous other parts preserved in large part due to hands that could cling.
“Rrrrrffff!” Ku jerked his head with a slight growl, indicating he was tired of waiting for his portion of the filet. He was capable of many sentences, this one used when frustrated, often appearing when he was ready for walks, or bike rides. They’ll go for one later. 
“Just wait, bud; it’s coming.” Raife continued cutting thin slices, as glad about his knife as he was with his ability to hold it in a gorgeous hand, one many have called photo-ready. “You could do hand ads, you know, holding things.” It always sounded like a good idea, but he could never figure out where to find the jobs. “A few more minutes.”
Rik’s powerful shoulders nearly filled the doorway. “I can imagine a group of Neanderthals hunched around a fire, drooling over the roasting carcass of an enormous mammoth. Slurrrp, slurrrp, slurrrp” He exaggerated the sounds, “big drops of saliva dripping on hairy chests. Big gobs of muscle and stinky breath. A big fucking cranial capacity and massive brow ridges. Fuck, like me!” He emitted an enormous laugh in one sudden “Hah!”
Then silencccccccce.
Well almost. Yessss, the ring will never leave.
“Rrrrrffff.”
“Hah! And dogs stalking around the circle, ducking rocks and kicks.”
“Here ya go, Ku. Speak!”
“Whoof!”
And Raife, holding the meat in his fingers, the perfect ones, watched as a juicy red piece of filet disappeared into a drooling mouth, the fingers unscathed by perfect white canines, perfectly under control. 
“Rrrrrffff!” A call for more, followed by a pat on the head. The hair was soft; palms and sensitive fingers rejoiced.

Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
The cars continue to roar by and the thoughts in Raife’s head continue to roar through: “No, don’t go in.” The doors of the café are closed due to the weather, but the invitation is still strong: hunks of bright red meat and odd bits of unknown enticements. It is an Israeli café.
Sssssssssssssssssssssssss…
Another canister of Zyklon B is sent through the ceiling grates of another nameless chamber in the Polish countryside. A silent eruption of poisonous gas spreads outward in a foggy whisper of air and rips through the lungs of innocent children writhing and twisting blindly among the spasming bodies of their mothers and fathers whose rib-heaving and suffocating gasps for air are never heard outside the walls and the naked and starving stumble though the frozen grass to the rim of a giant grave waiting for the shot that will sweep the brain through the back of the head in a blaze of searing wind. He can hear the ringing cry, the horrible wail suspended over painful time. Ripping his ears to shreds the voices come, all of them, acts from the hands of men.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
He reaches for the door, but…
Boooooooooooooooom!!!
Another American missile explodes in another nameless street in the West Bank. A great eruption of sand and dust and concrete and glass swells outward in a sizzzzling shriek of flaming wind and rips through the faces of innocent children once sleeping now crawling blindly over the bloody bodies of their mutilated parents whose rib-heaving wailing can be heard along the growing wall and the dehydrated and starving stumble among armed guards waiting for more rockets to sweep the city streets clean of A-rabs in a blaze of poisonous fire. He can hear the ringing cry, the horrible wail suspended over painful time. Ripping his ears to shreds the voices come, all of them, acts from the hands of men.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
He freezes, his hand falls to his side…
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
“Think of where you’re going”
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
“Think of who you’ll meet”
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
“Think of what they’ll do to you”
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
“If they find out where you’ve been!”
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
He stands there for a moment, thinking.
And lisssstening.
And then slowwwwly turns around until he’s facing the other direction. The cars are still roaring by, the noise is still clear. He steps away from the door and begins walking, still thinking, and increasing the distance between himself and the café. He lifts his head and sees nothing but concrete and steel, hears nothing but noise.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
And then it hits him. Men, he thinks. Men. “Problem coming to men,” Ali had said, his steamy words mixed with spikes of yellow dal. He was on the edge of his seat gesturing extensively, the skinny fingers of his right hand stained from tobacco. His plate of kitcheri was balancing precariously on the small couch, leaning into the dip caused by his own weight and wobbling from the excited movements of his upper body. “Problem coming to men.” He heaved his huge brown eyes into Raife’s, who looking at them again now understands what he was saying: the problem is with men. Any ambiguity in the construction of the original sentence was the result of a limited context and limited ability to speak English. In Ali’s self-taught, Pakistani-derived version of the language every verb was ‘coming’. When it rained, ‘the water coming to down’; when it was time to eat, ‘I coming to hungry’; when there was too much traffic, ‘people coming too many’. And when one examined the his-tory of the world, one saw that “the problem coming to men.”
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Men.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Not women. “Problem not coming to women,” Ali had also said.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Problem not even coming to humans, the generic category – but problem coming to men, simply men. That’s what he was saying, then. Of all the destructive acts in the history of this world, including the holocaust, the cry of which will never die as long as there are ears to hear; and the whole-burning of Palestinians, the cry of which will never die as long as there are ears to hear; and the genocide of the Americas, the cry of which will never die as long as there are ears to hear; and the capture and enslavement and torture of millions of Africans, the cry of which will never die as long as there are ears to hear; and the torture and slaughter of who knows how many women during the great church’s undisputed reign, the cry of which will never die as long as there are ears to hear – how many of them can be traced directly to the hands of men, insatiable-insatiable men. Aggressive, rapacious men. Of course, women couldn’t be totally excluded from the history of nefarious acts, but the deeds of men had always been more obvious, and what sane person hadn’t at one time or another wondered how differently the world would have evolved had women not been brutalized, subjugated and raped right from the start by the hands and dicks of insatiable-insatiable men.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
He looks at his own hands, wondering how guilty he is, how many lives he has injured by the deeds of these two remarkable organs. As expected there are a few young women who perhaps wish they’d have never met him, though not just because of his hands, but because of his fear. Fear of commitment, fear of loving, fear of intimacy, fear of difference. He’d had many fears in the past, though fewer now, which is why he’ll walk away from the Israeli café, which is why he’ll re-examine his beliefs and values, ready to listen when he gets off on the other side, in the desert where the sun never ceases to illuminate flaws, and the wind, to penetrate crackssss.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Perhaps it is just too radical an assumption to make, and even far too radical an assumption to grasp in its entirety – surely it is not comfortable – but it seems as though it’s not so easy in the end, so clear, so reducible to one ideology. As the other Pakistani said, looking ahead and behind at the same time, “Everybody’s different, you know?” Everybody, everyone – every cultural context and historical trajectory. It’s not one universe we all live in, the only one – but billions of different universes simply because of the fact that billions of different hominid-paths exist. We all travel unique paths through space, experiences events in a unique way, in a context unduplicated anywhere else. Everybody, every one – every cultural context and historical milieu. These are all different, all evolving and growing in different ways and with different beliefs and values and velocities and constraints and clocks and temperatures. Sure, it’d be all nice and cozy if we could just sit back and sink into the hefty armchair, the touring-bike seat, and believe we’ve got it all figured out, black and white, us and them, here and they’re wrong, we’re on the right road but we can’t.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
We’re all different – everybody, everyone, every group, every people. We all have our sacred places, our sacred positions, our sacred directions – and as much as we’d all like to think ours are the criteria by which all the others should be judged, they’re not. For centuries we’ve been looking back embarrassed at ourselves, and for centuries to come, we’ll probably be doing the same; this is just a momentary blip in the explosion. And thinking about it now, he realizes just how marvelously unpredictable it all is, how wonderfully slippery. You head off down the road, eager to see what lessons lie in the distance, and before you get too far, even out of your own time zone, a few back-lit Pakistani’s pop up – taxis, mirrors and yellow dal, one from the future/one from the past – and then you’re heading down a new path with only one defining characteristic: that it was unpredictable. Which is the beauty of it all, really, and which is why he stopped trying to cling to and predict outcomes, even personal ones. Like the classes he’s taught over the years, or better yet sat in. Rarely did they seem to result in the learning of the target subject alone. Oh, there was symbolic this, and theory that, and social this, and philosophy that. But when it was all said and done, the semester over and the books shelved, it was what he had learned personally that mattered, how the class had changed his life, or at least his way of thinking.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
The streets are full and he walks, thinking and worrying about his near future, wondering if his own hands are free of guilt, and if not, how stained they are. He looks at them again, notices the perfect formation of each. The long narrow fingers, the muscular intonations between well formed knuckles, and finally the soft golden brown by which they always seem colored. They are lovely hands, and sensitive, too. Alive with his wife’s contours, the curve of her hips, the shadowy pool where her breasts and ribs flow together.
A wave of silken hair tumbles over her bare shoulders and through his fingers when she arches skyward on top of him in the shape of a silvery, crescent moon. He traces a path from her shoulders down the outside of her arms, and then slowly upward again to her breasts, each of his hands finding one/falling once again senseless. He then slides his hands down along her waist, to the sides of her hips, and brings them slowly around to her belly. The skin is soft, and no words, only vowels emerge from a heart and mind wholly and unconsciously speaking,

“Love”

...the word from which all things are formed.

Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
The cars pass, and Raife walks, his mind full of possibilities, all there ever really are.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Suddenly he stops. There’s a wallet on the street.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
The air is chilly and he stands there, looking.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Outside, the clock is ticking. He moves around the wallet, occasionally looking oap.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
Still ticking. Only two minutes have passed, long ones with sluggish seconds dragging weighty possibilities around a closed circle constraining Raife and the wallet.
Vrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooommmm…
A wallet is on the sidewalk.
Someone’s wallet is on the sidewalk and there’s only one logical thing to do:
Leave it.




6. black thobe speaks



Not one, Raife thinks, walking with his head up and his arms swinging freely back and forth at his sides. The temperature is red and fiery today but a slight breeze skipping off the surface of the water keeps him at just about the perfect body temperature. Lightly sweating, and staring out over the beautiful sea, his mind wanders from topic to topic, almost always returning to one: women.
Not one of their faces is visible, not one.
But he almost prefers this new, exaggerated sense of privacy, even after nearly a month in the Kingdom. Something about the veil and the abaya, the black shape floating from place to place, he finds far more appealing than all the faces he’s seen over the years. All the exposed shapes of hips and butts and breasts and narrow waists, some even showing belly buttons. He was in London just a few months ago and the entire time he was there found himself battling against lust for just about every woman he saw. Breasts everywhere, tight, leg-enhancing black slacks. “The outfit,” Jill had called it. “In London and all the big cities, everyone wears the outfit.”
It was uncontrollable lust, and even more so, uncontained realization that he was nothing, that being male, that possessing a penis rather than its opposite, was a sorry state of powerless affairs. He realized in those few days what he had thought all along but never finally resolved with total satisfaction: that women have all the power. Women rule the world from behind things, and from below things, like fat hairy guts and grizzly-faced men. He realized in those few days that his entire life would be a struggle against his weakness, his involuntary and relentless need for women, those who rule us.
He had seen thousands in those few days. Thousands. And he had the same impulse every time. It didn’t matter who they were, much of the time what they looked like; it was the simple fact that they were women. Tall, short, lean, full, big-breasted, un-breasted, young, old, even women of fifty or sixty, it didn’t matter. They were all women, they were all beautiful, and they all evoked the same bottomless impulse: this sudden crossing of distance lips first, a frantic, chest-colliding tearing away of the clothes and body-swallowing gulp of teeth and claws. Sweat and fluids. Fury and…
Love?
Was it love?
Or was it the gene-group for reproduction, deeply hidden neurons in some part of the brain with connecting links to every other part of the brain, to every part of the body, to every immeasurably small and tickly area of skin. Whatever it was, it was deep, hidden, beyond explanation, and unbearable. He was nothing. We were all nothing, at least, those of us with penises.
Which is why he wanted to come here, live in this part of the world: the desert. Perhaps it would help; perhaps he could live a day, or even half a day without being burdened with the recognition of his own powerlessness. Yes, powerlessness. Had any of those women winked at him, smiled unusually large, held out a hand palm up and drawn the longest finger toward herself, though slightly, though without expending any energy, he’d have jumped internally, risen externally: down below, where all the problems begin. Had one nodded her head and said “come with me, please,” he’d have gone.
Full stop.
Damn, he thinks about that now. Remembering the pain, the feeling of helplessness, the feeling that he had no control, that he was merely a servant to all those gorgeous things, those lovely, unspeakably potent forces on two legs. Women rule, it was clear. They simply just rule.
It was the same in New York the few days before he had climbed into the Pakistani’s cab and then aboard an airplane destined to bring him here, to the place where he now walks along, thinking about his utter futility. That damned desire for … Sex is it? What is it? What?
Africa had been the worst: simply intolerable, tragically unbearable. Painful. The women there: dark, vibrant, alive, sexy and so animated! He was dying, twice a day inducing fluid from his penis, the third time only dry heaves, and with a wife even! Horrible. It was horrible. Students, lovely female students with chocolate-black skin, silk stretched over bones and muscles accustomed to climbing mountains and gathering water from wells, calves and ankles from home. Breasts of all sizes, luscious, heavenly breasts, unafraid and unashamed, half-exposed, sometimes fully exposed over tiny bellies – some full, some soft and rippled; it didn’t matter; they were women. Everywhere black, gorgeous women. They danced in the streets, they walked with gaits erotic, they laughed with loud voices and clicked their tongues at times so terribly enticing he wept. His flesh wept. His soul wept because he was man, stupid, lethargic, dopey, sweaty, ugly, vagina-less man. He envied them. He envied their vaginas, their breasts, their voices and their hair. He envied their skin, their legs. He envied everything that made them women and began to hate everything that made him man. He was a slave. A measly, daft, dippy slave always ready to say: “Yes, master woman,” with a wagging tail: “Just say when.”
Servant. He was a servant to his own flesh, a servant to the insatiable hunk of sinewy flesh dangling in the midst of his futility. Students there were the worst. They leaned forward over their desks, leaned forward over his desk asking questions. Down hung the breasts – pillowy, glimmering, radiant breasts. “Ntate Raife,” they would say, thirty inches from his face. “Ntate Raife…” and before they finished posing the question, before they even finished the uttering final sound, ntate Raife was thinking: “I love you more than I have loved anything in the universe. Can we thus, you know, do it right here? Please?’
And many of them would have, which was the problem. He already had the world’s greatest wife, the most precious, adorable, lovely wife any man could ever plead to Allah for. And she loved him, infinitely. Which was why he had to leave, to get out of there soon, before he made a stupid mistake, before one of those unimaginably beautiful, black, utterly-black, large-eyed, wiry-haired, mountain goddesses dethroned him suddenly and with pain. Could he ever have gone through with it, he wondered. His love for his wife was deep, painfully deep, yet his weakness, the fact that he was male, the fact that all women in the universe controlled him, would sooner or later cut him in half. Discard him. Puke his soul onto polluted dust.
Africa and her women.
London and her women.
New York and her women.
Saudi Arabia and her women! Allah, please help us!

Raife’s head, only minutes ago held high on a neck growing thinner with the hot humid days and plates full of rice and chicken, now hangs toward the ground, finally aware that what he had expected was true. It was no different here. The women, though hidden, though unseen yet seen without, were unutterably gorgeous. All of them. Every single untouchable, sacred, protected, head-severing one of them was absolutely perfect. Why? Allah, why?
It wasn’t fair, isn’t fair really. That so much power should be given and taken, so unevenly distributed among the earth’s people. That fact alone explains everything. At least it seems to. Why men are so brutal, why men are so angry, why men are so determined to rule. Because they are ultimately ruled, yes. Ultimately they are ruled and that simple fact alone is heartrending and infinitely deflating. So we must control women, we must shove them around, beat them up, pound their soft faces because after all, they do the same to us, don’t they? They walk on legs, they breathe through noses and mouths, they possess ears and eyes, they have the audacity to have hands, they allow breasts to grow on the surface of their chests, they steal vaginas from the Goddess and they – they even have knees! Knees, shins, toes, feet, ankles, oh precious ankles. And ribs, ribs that heave during orgasm. And elbows, for god’s sake. Elbows! They have elbows. Oh such pain. The things they do, the smiles they laugh, the vowels they articulate, the way they stand, sit, kneel, manage, teach, own, rule, govern, dominate! They do it all, have always done it, and always will own the rights to men.
Raife sighs. It’s no different here. Women so dear are everywhere, under silk invitations not to look, not to touch, not to imagine, not to see, not to be seen and not to be troubled. Under the veil they are more beautiful than ever. More powerful than anytime he can recall. The inexplicable fact remains: women rule, hidden, open, seen or not. The earth belongs to women, the mud to men.
A sudden wind rushes over the surface of the water, rattling the lattice-trunked palms just to his left, standing like leafy umbrellas over the lush grass. Another family is there – three women alone with their children, and three men far removed. Men here, women there, lovely carpets in the grass, tea and coffee, water and safety.
Like a dream one might have of heaven, or is it hell. In heaven are men and women bound together, in a sort of orgasmic unity at the throne, or are they separated forever, all memories of the other wiped free? Which one, oh please tell me, would heaven really be? Such longing has he, Dr. Hraif, as his students call him. He is not a Doctor, and the initial ‘R’ is always uvularly expelled so that it comes out ‘Hraif’, as if the speaker exhaled deeply at the exact moment the name was spoken. Hraif, what a name, what a longing, what a poor lonely oke he is, walking along the Fanateer corniche thinking about women, not seeing women, but imagining them from movements he snatches from the corners of his eyes. Soft hands at the end of unseen arms. Observant eyes, like those of the Goddess, form a narrow crack behind the door of wisdom, the way into the darkness, the hidden secret place before the throne.
The slit.
Yes, the slit in the veil. The slit in the veil supposedly protecting the slit beneath the veil. The slit he now thirsts for, craves, yearns! Oh there is no single word capable of expressing what it is, how terrible it is, the inevitable need from which he begs invisibly for the slit. The slit out of which we came, the slit into which we return, the slit we see in stained ceiling panes, in pieces of paper for which we are given seconds to look. The slit, the slit of the Goddess.
“Father, release me.” He speaks often to Allah these days. After all, He is close. In the center of every neighborhood His tower is seen reaching skyward. Over the walls, the tops of houses, peeking out from behind the shops – always within walking distance is Allah, and always with a weary voice is Raife crying. The Goddess is so invisibly visible.
Raife pauses at the fence protecting the edge. It is about four feet high, designed to keep people from falling over the edge into the sea below. There is no gradual decline here but a sudden drop off, perhaps thirty-feet deep. The corniche is fifteen feet over the surface of the water and the view is tremendous. Water of both blue and green, pastel colors irreducible. Layers of love over layers of bliss. Emeralds liquefied and tossed about under the sun, and not one, no not one female face is seen.
But every one is felt. Every face, every set of eyes, every set of breasts and legs and irresistible female parts – the moist hole, the essence, the package for which we sell our soul is there, and he can feel every one.
The sea. Forbidden, lost. Stretching over vast space and waves tossed, over which we tremble. A depth we cannot see. A bottom we cannot touch. A living tissue swelling with “come in, Hraif, please.” 
His eyes fill with moisture. From the salty wind maybe, from the recognition of his futility, from a yearning for his wife, or a yearning for women, any woman, any black-robed, silk-coated, linen-blessed, earth-exploded woman. The sacrilege of it. The mockery. The horror of it. Seen or unseen it doesn’t matter. They are the winds and we the debris tossed about under waves unseen.
“I love you,” he says, to no one and anyone. He says it often now, every time he sees the shape, the dark shape floating over surfaces. “I love you,” he whispers lightly, his breath flavored of cardamom and sea. Will we always be so lowly?
“Hraif, free me,” he hears in the dark regions, the prohibited, profane part of his imagination. She comes to him every night and lifts the veil. At first he can see only her hands, and the glowing eyes behind which eternity is reproduced. It is dark and quiet; only the insects can be heard cricketing.
Tsiiii sfikita - Tsiiii sfikita Tsiiii
She steps up to the edge of his bed, her mane, dark and shadowy, fluttering in the slight breeze. Her hands are delicate, her fingers long and graceful. Only one ring. Her eyes are flaming and her voice is pleading,
Tsiiii sfikita - Tsiiii sfikita Tsiiii
“Hraif, free me!”
Tsiiii sfikita - Tsiiii sfikita Tsiiii
No tears are seen, but fear is there. Fear so great, so insurmountable, her voice quakes, loud whispers uncontained and shivering. The veil over her mouth lifts with each sound, ripples silently over her lips, and she cries from the origins of time.
Tsiiii sfikita - Tsiiii sfikita Tsiiii
“Hraif, please free me!”
Tsiiii sfikita - Tsiiii sfikita Tsiiii
She doesn’t move. She stands there alone, frightened, cut off, already removed from her god and debased, a reprobate soul cast into eternal darkness; forever will she cry silently, with terrified vowels,
Tsiiii sfikita sfikita Tsiiii …Tsiiii sfikita sfikita Tsiiii
“Hraif, free me!”
Tsiiii sfikita sfikita Tsiiii …Tsiiii sfikita sfikita Tsiiii
Hraif’s eyes are wide open now, the whites the only thing visible in the darkness. His breath has quickened and he lies there, still, his spirit soaring through the clouds, heart beating tremendous drums on vast plains under mountains thrusting into mist, behind them the ocean.
Shshshshshshshshshshshshshshs
The waves grow turbulent. White peaks splatter on hard rocks. A rush of sound bellows in the wind and the veil blows at his bed; fluttering behind her it fills the silence with a dangerous rustling, the water with glistening spikes of white foam.
Shshshshshshshshshshshshshshs
“Hraif, free me!” Her voice floats along the surface, follows the tide over the bed, across the ocean of air between them and arrives in a worldly hush, alluring, beguiling, drawing him upright. He begins trembling. His dream is real. She is there. Woman, hidden woman. Black, flowing woman stands before him, her voice crying for release.
Shshshshshshshshshshshshshshs
“Hraif, please free me!” She is trembling visibly now, years of hiding, of being hidden, of rayon bars and polyester gates. Of restricted peeks through narrow views on life. It’s there, in her voice: the cry, the plea, the trembling need for freedom. Her voice is weeping silently and without tears.
Shshshshshshshshshshshshshshs
“Hraif, free me!”
Tsiiii sfikita - Tsiiii sfikita Tsiiii
“I love you,” he speaks. And she disappears.

Raife moves away, the image of his lover lingering in a breeze blowing across the water and ruffling the feathers of birds chirping overhead. The corniche is made of interlocking stones bordered by a stone wall, behind which ornamental trees and shrubs flourish in the grassy area nearly two feet higher than the corniche. It is beautiful, quiet and clean, like he imagines the ideal park would be. There are no drunks puking their mouth garbage into the sand and wind, no yapping music blasting holes in the natural silence, no stiff-necked bullies traipsing around looking for a fight. Nothing threatening, nothing that’s not peaceful, nothing that would frighten a child. It’s just safe. That’s all. Safe and secure.	
He likes that about this place, the profound feeling of safety and community in public places, the general lack of open hostility. He’s walked up and down the streets of Jubail at all hours of the darkness, surrounded by shimmering white thiaab and shadow-like abayas. He’s sat among the crowd in malls and shops, strolled alone in dark places, squeezed his way through narrow alleys, around blind corners, between wall-like shrubbery and never once, not for a moment, worried about what was on the other side, what sudden eruption of violence would shatter the stillness. Nothing. Ahead of him are a few young men sitting on the grass drinking tea and coffee from bright carafes. They are watching him as he approaches from the south, on his right the Arabian Gulf. From the corners of his eyes, behind dark glasses, he watches them as well.
Two are wearing white thiaab and red-and-white checkered shamaaghs, the other is wearing a black thobe with no shamaagh. Raife pretends he doesn’t see them, doesn’t want to intrude, or at least be seen intruding. The dark glasses are good for preventing that. As he nears, he can see they are still watching him, their eyes fixed, it seems, on his errors. The one in black is smiling. “Salaam alaykum,” he says to Raife, who slowing, replies “Alaykum salaam.” One of the few things he knows to say.
“Blease, come.” The black-thobed fellow speaks, as usual influenced by the sound pattern of Arabic, one that contains only a ‘b’ and not a ‘p’.
Raife hesitates a moment but then recalls it’s very rude to refuse hospitality, so he complies and walks over. Anyway, he’s tired of being alone. “Hi.” This time he speaks English, an introduction revealing who he is and what he knows.
“Sit, sit.” The black-thobed one again. “Blease, have tea.” He reaches for one of the carafes. “Or coffee. You like Arabic coffee?”
Raife recalls the Arabic coffee he had on the flight coming over. It was green and thin, with tons of cardamom. “Shukran,” he says, one of the other things he knows in their language. He smiles at the other two.
“Mafi mooshkela.” Black Thobe shakes his head. “Take.” He hands Raife a small drinking vessel, exactly like a Chinese shot-glass.
Raife takes a sip. “Beautiful,” he says, pleased with the flavor of Arabic coffee.
“Amerikan? You?”
“Yes, American.”
“Ahhh, we like the Amerikan.” Black Thobe turns to the other two and speaks to them in Arabic, occasionally uttering the word ‘Am’reeki’. They smile and nod their heads. They don’t speak English, it seems. “From where Amerika?”
“Ohio.” Raife says it slowly. It’s a tough word for foreigners.
“Chicago?” Black Thobe’s eyes open slightly, evidence he knows a bit about America.
“Chicago here.” Raife holds his hands out in the space in front of him, and draws a floating air map, “and Ohio here.”
“Los Angeles!” Black Thobe smiles again.
“Los Angeles here.” Again Raife uses the air map.
Black Thobe speaks to the others. They smile again and nod their heads. One tries to speak, “Amerika raytch.”
“Raytch?” Raife isn’t sure he understands the word, and after considering it for a moment, raises his shoulders and says, “raytch?"
The fellow looks to the others and begins speaking quickly in Arabic, probably asking them for the right word. They begin chatting as if Raife isn’t there. Black Thobe joins them. Raife remains quiet, slightly uncomfortable though well aware that it’s not necessary to be so. Finally Black Thobe returns to Raife. “You like heer?”
Raife nods his head, yes, following the gesture with a verbal “yes” once having swallowed his sip of coffee. “Yes,” he says again.
“But why?” Black Thobe asks, speaking to his partners immediately after. 
Raife waits for him to finish before he says: “It’s nice. Is safe, is quiet, is clean.”
“It’s a boring.” Black Thobe seems sincere, but also distracted.
Raife wonders why. Perhaps the same reason for his own distraction. All the women nearby, though unseen, yet all of them beautiful and screaming, “Look here!”
“Why boring?” Raife asks.
“Not boring. Bootiful.” Black Thobe has a change of heart. Perhaps he senses Raife isn’t the typical ex-pat who comes here complaining about lack of drink, porno, and inane Hollywood movies.
Rather, Raife finds the place rather interesting, though indeed quiet and reserved, also peaceful. “You teechr?”
“Yes, teacher.”
“Teech what?”
“English.”
“Ahh yes, teech the English. Good for my country he speak English. The oil disn’t last forever.” Black Thobe smiles, revealing a mouth full of rather dubious looking teeth. Probably all the sugar. Developing countries, Raife realized, always go for the sugar first. It was the sad thing about Lesotho. The farther into the mountains and away from developed areas, the better were the teeth. “I’m workingk combuter in Riyadh. I come see friends.” Black Thobe nods to his pals, who both nod to Raife, smiling modestly. He then points to one of them and says, “He live here. Workingk in. . .” and then he pauses, speaks to his friend in Arabic, then turns again to Raife. “Sorry, he not workingk. Isn’t work.”
Raife had heard unemployment was thirty percent, one of the reasons his students lacked motivation. It wasn’t the case that all Saudi’s were princes, rich and living in palaces. It was more the opposite, like his own country: a few rich at the top, and the rest struggling at the bottom. In fact, the more time he spent here, the more the two countries appeared similar, like two sides of the same coin. “I’m sorry.”
“You like workingk heer? Students, he good?”
No, they were terrible, but it wasn’t their fault. The texts were too difficult and too sterile; there were too many hours every day. An intellectual and literary tradition was totally absent. And as for a history, well – it takes more than thirty years to develop a country and five hundred to exit the dark agessss.
“Students okay,” Raife finally replies. “Mafi mooshkela. No problem.”
“I don’t think so. Have more.” Black Thobe grabs the coffeepot and pours Raife another shot. “Take and drenk.”
“Thanks.”
Black Thobe begins speaking to his partners again, forgetting Raife for the moment. Raife looks around him casually, hoping to appear inconspicuous but also hoping to catch a good look at any women who might be nearby, wondering who’ll be the one to stand at the edge of his bed – abaya flowing in the breeze, insects tingling – prepared to guide him through a language uvularly inspired. There are a few to the right, a few to the left, and one or two walking alone. One of those, he thinks.
“My famly.” Black Thobe nods his head in the direction of two women and three children sitting about fifty feet away. Raife looks in that direction, thinking about the word ‘famly’ and wondering where he had only recently heard, or read something about ‘famly’. It seems a consistent theme here, the importance of family. 
“Wife me, wife him.” Black Thobe nods his head to one of his friends, whose wife it seems, is with Black Thobe’s wife. “Ta’ala Fatima!”
Suddenly Black Thobe calls out, rousing them all to turn their heads except the two women whose heads remain down and focused on their tasks. Raife realizes at that moment that he loves them both, will soon marry each and flee with them forever through the Arabian Gulf under misty clouds rising over rippling black silk.
“Ta’alee!” Black Thobe shouts one more time to the little girl, the smallest, who then begins running their way. “The dawhtur,” he says.
Raife notices how cute she is: the dark features and puddle of thick black hair. Her little eyes are like the girl’s in the airport, deep brown, round and animated. Black Thobe takes her hand and points to Raife. She smiles shyly, her demure face turning from olive to bright red.
“Sallemee ‘aala ‘aammek.” Black Thobe then nudges her gently and she turns oogly, bashful and squirmy. She then begins walking toward Raife, who is not sure what’s going on but is captivated by whatever is. She is only about three feet tall, maybe seven years old, perhaps ten; it’s hard for him to tell. She squeezes between the men on her approach and then, when just within touching distance, stops and puts her little hand on Raife’s shoulder. Her eyes, so large and round, roll to a stop at his and linger there. Raife can see himself in the glassy surfaces of each. He is small and oddly shaped, like a creature from another world. She then turns to her father, and – after he nods his head one more time – turns back to Raife, slowly leans closer to him and, kisses him right on the cheek!
She then runs back to Black Thobe, who says, “mashalla ‘aaleykee, yabatalla!” picks her up and drops her onto his shoulders. “We love the children!” 
Shshshshshshshshshshshshshshs
“Raife, blease free me!” Raife swims through the bottomless sea, chasing the reflection of a moon forever out of his reach. His arms are growing tired and his legs are weakening, yet he swims, swims after the moon.
Tsiiii sfikita - Tsiiii sfikita Tsiiii
Insects are heard though he’s miles from shore, unable to reach the land where drinkable water sparkles in the desert sun, where edible food grows in rolling oases and women wander around unclothed, sweat dripping from stiffened nipples, hair flowing over moist faces, a few strands hiding the eyes.
Shshshshshshshshshshshshshshs
“Tyeb, khalas, yel’la irja’aee le’ummek.” Black Thobe sends the little girl to her mother. She runs to her on light feet, happy and free. She has kissed the foreigner, the one whose army saved them.
“More. Have more.” Black Thobe pours Raife another shot of coffee, though by now he’s had enough. He remembers the day at Asante’s, the liter of guava juice he drank merely because Kwaku kept filling his glass every time he had finished one. Kwaku never spoke, never asked if Raife wanted more. He merely filled the glass Raife last saw empty. It was a miracle, though Raife almost puked later that day. He hasn’t been able to drink guava juice since.
“Thanks.” By now he knows better then to say “no.” Either it’s impolite or they don’t hear it, but “no” has never seemed effective in these parts. It’s better just to say “thanks,” accept another glass of tea, or juice, or biscuit, or whatever appears from an unseen kitchen, from the hands of the ubiquitous, unseen wife.
“You like the women?” Black Thobe must have seen Raife sneaking peeks. After all, they all did it.
“Yes, they’re beautiful.” Raife nods his head in assent.
“Buta you don’t can see her?” Black Thobe’s eyes betray surprise with Raife’s answer, unlikely the usual response.
“True,” Raife says, nodding in agreement. “But I can imagine..”
This time Black Thobe’s eyes, already wide with surprise, grow larger, full of either hurt or alarm. “No. You shoon’t imagine!” He speaks fiercely, with threatening intonations.
Raife senses he’s in trouble. “No, I mean. I can guess. . .” and begins stuttering. “I, um, don’t imagine. I just … uh … guess they must be beautiful.” It doesn’t seem to be working.  Black Thobe’s expression hasn’t changed, evidence Raife is merely digging himself deeper. “Not imagine. I mean, well, really, what I’m saying is that though I don’t imagine specific details, especially those certain components forbidden by the Committee for the Preservation of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice to be represented in images, or even visualized by those to whom they don’t belong, I think the abaya invokes the mind to form vague pictures, that is to say images without details, and for that matter, scenarios that may or may not actually be the case.” Raife pauses, waiting for the reply that doesn’t come. “Does that make any sense?” he continues, aware that it didn’t. “Sorry,” he finally says, watching as Black Thobe stands, his right hand slowly tracing a path up his side. He stares at Raife with violated eyes, eyes that scream revenge and murder, eyes full of rage and violence.
He reaches behind his back slowly, never moving those same eyes from the face of Raife, who freezes, gazing with surprise as in one sudden and whirling motion Black Thobe spins on his feet and,

thud.

Raife’s head falls to the grass after a bright flicker of light seen for miles in all directions. At the foot of his bed a woman cries, her chance forever lost.

“Don’t sorry.” Black Thobe laughs, looking at the two others. They’re completely oblivious to anything that’s going on. He continues. “We  love the famly. You see all the famly is pickanic.” He motions with his head. “All the famly comingk the pickanic. The famly more imbordant from anything.”
Raife looks around him, down the corniche, on the grassy areas well-manicured, maintained and green. He sees children playing, men chatting, women sitting among themselves. Nothing disturbing, nothing obnoxious, nothing unusual or intrusive, noisy, threatening, violent, gunned or drugged. It really is ideal in many ways. Across the street is a lovely mall, and nearby shops of all kinds are filled with beautiful women’s clothing, kitchen items, foods, appliances, tools – everything is here. What, what could possibly be missing?
Shshshshshshshshshshshshshshs
“Hraif, help me!”
Tsiiii sfikita - Tsiiii sfikita Tsiiii
“Hraif, I can’t breathe!”
Shshshshshshshshshshshshshshs
“Hraif, free me, blease!”
Tsiiii sfikita - Tsiiii sfikita Tsiiii
By now Raife has grown skillful at looking at the women, able to recognize features typically unseen by those who haven’t taken the time to appreciate the uniqueness of this place. He knows which eyes he loves, which hands he would kiss, which gait he so aspires to embrace and which is the one to whom united, he would ignite the foundations of time. Every single one. He loves them all. “I love you,” he says on the sidewalk, on the shore, on the corniche, from his second-floor apartment. They pass in the wind, a trail, a shadow, a glorious sandal in which magnificent feet are dusty. “I love you.” And they yearn for him to come, to free them, to bombard their enemies and return them to the desert from which they have been expelled. He is an American, the liberator. The great, all-knowing liberator.
Shshshshshshshshshshshshshshs
“Hraif, help me, blease!”
Shshshshshshshshshshshshshshs
Black Thobe speaks. “You have famly?”
Raife reaches his hand for another cup of coffee, remembering now where he had so recently encountered words about family. It was a poem written by one of his students, Mohammed Al- Ghanammi, the quiet young man who always sits in front. Family was how Mohammed resolved all the world’s problems, at least in the poem:

If every berson hes think
About another berson hes feel
Then are all the beople
One famly
If all are borthers and sisters
And fathers and mothers
Then who it is will kill thim?
Not famly

It was the second poem from a peaceful student, one of many who shattered the misconception about Saudis Raife had been led to believe was historically accurate. This was actually the most peaceful place he had ever lived, and these local Muslims the most peaceful people he had ever encountered. It was a sad thing, he often thought, that most of his time was spent struggling to see through all the propaganda he had been fed since a child; not an easy task for one who would know deeper, see through to the bottom.
Raife looks at Black Thobe, and answers him. “Yes,” he says. “I have famly.”
“How many the children?” Black Thobe pours another shotglass full. “Take and drenk.”
Raife remembers the shot-glasses full of cao-jiu he drank at Guo’s, deep in the heart of the oven: Sichuan – tropical, dripping, seething Sichuan. Like all of Raife’s Chinese colleagues, Guo had a huge bottle of some transparent alcohol sitting in a highly visible location, and in which floated or sank to the fiery bottom his personal blend of the therapeutic. A coiled snake skin, herbs of various sizes and colors, nuts, berries, bones, and a host of other unidentifiable objects. The first thing Guo would do every time Raife and Maria visited, and always with a wily smile, was point to the bottle and ask if they wanted a drink. Then they would sit for hours in his small concrete flat discussing language and literature until the alcohol had rendered them all slippery enough to move on to more controversial topics. “American men want mothers not wives,” he had said one day, his uncombed, uncombable hair tossed wildly about his head. Raife, who had never met a smarter person other than perhaps his friend Riaan, the Jewish fellow originally from South Africa, started to reply, but Guo’s look said it was hopeless. Both Guo and Riaan had this knack for discovering precisely the thing one thought was hidden away, of invoking the subject one couldn’t hide from, and then resolving it in one word, humorously. They were unbeatable minds, those two, with unblemished hearts. 
“No children. Only married one month.” Raife spoke to Black Thobe slowly and clearly. It was true, he had only been married about one month, but that wasn’t why he didn’t have children. Maria and he had been together for five remarkable years, five utterly tremendous years. They had grown together, failed together, made love in every possible place and position, in passionate heat or gentle intimacy. They had done it, been there, fought about it, shouted, broken things, found things, cried, wept – and bled. But he wasn’t having children because exactly one year previously he had spent three hundred dollars to make sure of it. There were enough kids in the world, enough starving, suffering, unwanted and dying kids. He had seen them in America, Africa and China, in news and documentaries. He heard their cries, felt their suffering. He knew of them in his dreams, in his waking moments, in his moral center where another one just wouldn’t fit. If he had a child, it would be someone else’s: someone whose mistake would otherwise have spent its entire life being regretted. “Maybe soon will have.”
“God say the children are the blessingk. They bring the joy. Famly bring the joy.”

Then are all the beople
One famly

Raife watches the children playing near the railing designed to keep people from falling into the water. There are many, and one of them, a cute little girl, is standing on the bottom rung, hanging on to the top rail and staring out into the sea. She’s lovely. Behind her the parents, a young couple, are sitting on decorated rugs, chatting quietly. Other children are shooting around on bikes, scooters, roller skates or two tiny feet. It’s safe here. Some men are fishing off the pier. It’s not so different from anywhere else, really – at least anywhere else that’s safe.
He peers from the corner of his eye at the woman, the mother of the little girl standing on the bottom rung of the protective railing. Only her eyes and hands are visible. He wonders if she is the one who will appear at his bed, in the night of the crickets, introduce him to salvation, to paradise. Is she the one?
She sits rather erect.
Her nose is curled up slightly, a small hill of black fabric.
Her eyes are probably deep brown.
Shoulders.
Her hands twist and turn as she speaks.
One ring.
Feet.
Mass.
Energy.
Beauty.
Raife imagines her now, coming into his room, a fragrant mist of blackness hovering over the bed, abaya flowing in the breeze, a frightened voice calling, “Hraif, free me!” She is breathing heavily, fear and love pounding in a chest unseen. A drop of sweat flows slowly down the arch of her nose, hangs at the edge, lingers there, glistening, slipping down, ready to fall. At any moment her single drop of sweat will plunge over the edge and drop perfectly in a crystalline shattering onto Raife’s naked belly.
Breathing and ssssweating.
A quiet voice frightened and calling “Hraif!” into the darkness. Faint light reflects off the surface of the drop. It lingers there, dangling, a dream ready to be had. On the tip of a perfect nose the drop glistens, stretchessss – slowwwlllyy reaches the edge of its potential to adhere and,
SPLASH!!
“!!!!!!!!!!!!” A scream. Light explodes. Every head turns.
She runs to the edge with her face in full view. She leans over the rail and screams. “!!!!!!!!!!!!” Her daughter has fallen into the water! 
Raife jumps. Runs. Races over the corniche and soars over the railing in one instinctual and luminous, 
SPLASH!!
Water bubbles around him. Salt water fills his nose. He can’t see a thing. His thrashing arms and kicking feet bring him to the surface. His head is above the water. He looks for the daughter. Nothing. He sees nothing. He goes under and looks. The water stings his eyes. Liquid fire. Feet! – he sees feet. It is the girl. He swims over. His right shoulder is burning. The plate has broken free; it doesn’t matter. The girl! He swims to her. Reaches for her. She locks onto him like a vice. He can’t breathe. Her arms are around his neck. She clings. She kicks. He flails to the surface.
“!!!!!!!!!!!!” The woman is still screaming, still leaning over the rail. Her hands are reaching out. It is fifteen feet up. He sees a ladder. He swims to it. He’s struggling, one arm burning, the other barely keeping him alive. The child is clinging. Gripping him. He can’t breathe. Water burns his eyes. The sun is blistering. People are gathering above. The woman is watching. She loves him. He is freeing her daughter. Saving her child. Rescuing her from the water. She loves him. He loves her. He will win her. She will come tonight. She will be his. He will lift the veil off her face. Raise the abaya. Penetrate her with his soul, and tonight they will split the heavens with a crack of irreducible thunder!
“!!!!!!!!!!!!” she screams. Raife is still fifteen feet away from the wall and fifteen feet down. It’s not over. The water is turbulent. The child is coughing. The arm is useless. The shoulder is bleeding. But he’ll make it. He will save the child. He will greet the flowing dark shadow tonight in his room. They will unite forever. He will free her, the mother.
“!!!!!!!!!!!!” Her voice is lovely. It pleads to Raife. He hears her. He looks into her eyes. They beg him. They yearn for him. They want him. They love him. They are those of the Goddess. Those of omniscience. Those of oceanic depths, of the forbidden. He scrambles through the water. He’s struggling with the child. His mouth fills with water. He gags. He can’t breathe. He won’t make it. He’s sinking. Drowning. Almost there. His eyes burn and he is overcome with nausea.
“!!!!!!!!!!!!” She turns to her husband, now standing at the rail. His thobe is visible as a white blur. He is clumsy and unfit. Not athletic. He is a religious man, a peaceful one, unused to activity except that of prayer. No! He’s climbing over the railing. His thobe is getting tangled. He’s losing his grip, he,
SPLASH!!
...falls in the water!
“!!!!!!!!!!!!” Now her screams are forever more terrified. The man can’t swim. Raife is confused. He is almost at the railing. The man is behind him. The woman is howling. The sun is ablaze in his eyes, the salt burning!
The ladder! Raife is near the ladder. He grabs it. He yanks on the girl. Tries to free her. She clings, terrified. “TAKE IT!” he shouts.
“TAKE IT!” and with his throbbing right arm tries to release her grip, to tug her fingers free. She screams at him. He’s drowning. He can’t see. She’s suffocating him, grabbing at his frayed neck and face. He yanks her free and shoves her toward the ladder.
“!!!!!!!!!!!!” The woman is going wild now. Raife is struggling for air. Water surges down his throat. He gags. He hacks. He coughs. He slams the girl into the ladder. She grabs it, screaming. He turns around. The man is behind him. His arms are flailing in the water.
His head goes under! Raife swims. He reaches for the man. The man grabs him and “Accckkkkk!” pulls him under the water by the neck! Raife can’t breathe. He can’t see. He is drowning in the ocean, in the sea. He will die. The man is suffocating him, breaking his neck! Raife is terrified yet confused, desperate for air and yet – what to do?

LIVE!

Raife slams his elbow into the man’s chest. A blast of bubbles! The man lets go. He’s drowning, and so is Raife, on his final breath. He struggles for the surface. Reaches it. His head is free. He gags for air.
“!!!!!!!!!!!!” The woman is screaming. He sees her. She is perfect. Her face is dark and her features are no longer hidden. He can see them all. Her nose. Her cheeks. Her lips. The way they all unite in an echo of golden hues. And her red eyes, crying, twisting with anguish and sending tears racing down her perfect cheeks. Raife loves her. He loves the woman above. The woman screaming for her child, for her husband. The woman!
She’s screaming!
“Alaaaaaaahu Akbar!” Now the Muezzin is calling the prayer.
“!!!!!!!!!!!!” The woman is weeping.
“Alaaaaaaahu Akbar!”
Raife stares at her face. It is beautiful. It is stunning. He loves her. “We love the famly.” Black Thobe speaks on the grass, a smile stretched across his face. His lovely little girl crosses the distance and kisses Raife on the cheek. “Hraif, blease free me!” Raife’s eyes are burning. The woman is leaning over the railing reaching for her child, her family, her husband, her. . .
“Ashaaaaadu aaan laaa ilaha illa-Llah!”
“We love the famly.”
“Ashaaaaadu aaan laaa ilaha illa-Llah!”
Raife gazes at the woman, at the gorgeous woman above. His eyes are growing blurry, his vision is fading. He stares into her face and sees families fleeing across the border. Women and children, men unprepared, are running across the desert, running into the sand, into the heat where they cannot survive, where no one can survive. Their land is being taken, their friends murdered, their houses destroyed. They are fleeing for their lives. They are weeping. All they once owned is being taken. They are running
BOOM!
Bombs are falling over Baghdad. People are fleeing. Families are running for their lives, running across the border. They are screaming and crying and bleeding, dragging severed limbs and scalded children behind them. Flames rise above the desert. Dismembered bodies rise above the earth.
“!!!!!!!!!!!!” Women are screaming.
“Ashadu aaanna Muhammadan rasuuulu-Llah!” The Muezzin is crying to the people.
Raife is still looking up at the woman. She is there, hanging over the edge. Next to her is Maria, his wife. She is beside the woman, holding her arm, clinging to her abaya, preventing her from falling. She is smiling at Raife. Her silver features glow in the sunlight. His wife. He has a wife of his own. She loves him. She is perfect. She is all he needs. Why steal another? Why take that which is not his own? Why destroy that which is perfect. Why must we steal?
“Ashadu aaanna Muhammadan rasuuulu-Llah!”
“Save the famly!”
“Accckkkkk!” Suddenly the husband grabs Raife from behind.
He can’t breathe.
“Hayyaaaaa alaaaa-s-salaaaah!”
“We love the famly!”
“Accckkkkk!” Raife's throat is fastened shut. His lungs are pleading for air. Dying to be released, to be filled again, to breathe once more, to have yet another chance to live. “Help me!” he screams with wasted breath. “Help me!”
“Hayyaaaaa alaaaa-s-salaaaah!”
“!!!!!!!!!!!!”
“Save the famly!”
“Hayyaaaaa alaaaa-l-falaaaah!”
“Help me!” And then he sees her again, from just below the surface of the water, his wife, his glorious wife, covered in black and waiting. So beautiful is the image, so profound is her identity, a great burst of energy explodes within him and he thrusts above the water, tries to free his arms and…
“Accckkkkk!” the man clings even harder! The weight is too much for Raife. He can’t breathe; he can’t move his arms. His lungs are ready to explode, his mouth to open and cry out “Help me!” but it can’t. He is trapped. He is drowning!
“!!!!!!!!!!!!” The women are screaming!
“Hayyaaaaa alaaaa-l-falaaaah!” The Muezzin is crying. 
His legs begin churning faster, wildly, to no avail. He drops below the surface. All sound is muffled and darkness swarms around him. His lungs are now empty, ready to burst. To open and fill with water. To reach for air and in so doing, drown …
“Alaaaaaaahu Akbar!”
“Help me!”

 


7. “help me!”



“Okay, who’s next?”
“Teechr! Me. Me next, teechr.”
Raife walks over to the desk of Salem Al-Ghamdi who is sitting straight up in his seat, his hands folded on the desk, his big round eyes looking eager for the lesson. “Ready?” Raife asks, watching as Salem’s whole face grows an enormous smile.
“Yes, teechr. I Ready!”
“Good.” Raife reaches down and touches Salem on the shoulder. The fabric of his thobe is soft and smooth, probably that special hundred-percent polyester they get from the Emirates. It is also slightly lustrous and drapes liquidly over the body, barely leaving any wrinkles after even a long day of sitting. “Nice cloth.” Raife rubs the material between his fingers. He likes the way it feels, almost as fine as the silk he bought in China. It seems also to have many of the same qualities, most specially that kind of durability that allows him to twist a handful of it in his right hand and snatch Salem right off his seat and hurl him on to the floor with a,

thud.

“Okay. Next. Who’s next?”
“Teechr, why?”
“Naw, naw. Don’t why me. I’m the teacher. I can take any one of you right now, right here, any time. Omar, come.”
Omar hesitates for a second before he slowly climbs from his seat. Once fully standing, he shoves his little hands into the pockets of his thobe and then approaches Raife timidly, his thobe dangling loosely at the bottom. His steps are slow and indecisive and his head, facing down and off to the side, is nicely shaped, never moving from its point of focus until, before he can raise it to see where he’s going, Raife spins on one leg quickly, while the other leg, on the end of which is an accelerating foot, collides with Omar’s face in a,

CRACK!

“Teechr, no!”
“Don’t no me. Come on, any of you. I’ll show you who’s the boss. I’m American.”
“Turki, teechr!”
This time it is Raife’s turn to hesitate a moment. Turki is the biggest one in the class. Confidence, man. Just be confident, he tells himself. You can do it. “Okay,” he says. “Mafi mooshkela, Turki. I’ll take you now.” He watches as Turki stands from his chair, rising leisurely like a giant grizzly who has caught a whiff of something tasty in an evening breeze. He’s got to be at last four inches taller than Raife, and surely more than fifty pounds heavier. This is trouble, Raife thinks to himself, examining Turki carefully as he approaches slowly, his huge sandaled feet scuffing noisily over the carpet. The other students are completely silent and staring up at him in awe, their faces turning from sleepy red to anxious white. They slouch lower in their seats as he passes, giving Raife a split-second of doubt as Turki steps up to him and stops, sssssilently. But – before Turki can even blink, before the motion of another breath even appears on his face, Raife’s right hand detonates to an area directly behind Turki’s head, which, like his body, completes a speechless and near-silent descent through space until the moment it greets the floor with a,

thud.

“Teechr!”
Raife is surprised with himself. It’s true, he realizes. The bigger they come, the harder they fall. Fully confident now of his abilities, he decides to try it yet again with another student. “Next,” he says, but is surprised to notice that Turki, while limping back to his seat, has become Reynolds from high school. Next to him is Hudson, the linebacker. “Hey, Hudson. Come!” Hudson stands quickly, chest pumped up, shoulders held far back. He is taller than Reynolds, but not quite as heavy, a combination that makes him dangerous. He is said to be able to rip open front lines with his muscled shoulders and flatten opponents with one whap of his massive forearms. Raife has heard this many times, and is pretty sure it’s true: they’ve been in high school together for three hundred years and he’s seen him play on more than one starry October night.
Hudson strolls up to Raife quickly and jerks to a stop directly in front of him. He stares expressionlessly into his eyes. Raife turns the gesture at first, content to just stand there, staring in good humor. But then, just at the moment Hudson relaxes in his gaze, Raife liberates a single sparkle of light from the upper surface of his left eye before the unbelievably sudden moment when he drops to the floor in a rolling leg-flailing flicker and slams Hudson down with a,

Splat.

“Teacher, why? Why are you doing this to us? It is highly inappropriate for teachers to engage in the throwing of their students. It is a violation of human rights, our human rights!”
“Aah, what’s a human right anyway?” Raife asks, still surprised at his ability to take anyone, even the biggest students. “I decide what’s a human right; I’m American.” He didn’t think it was possible, but now realizes there’s no one he can’t defeat. All this optimistic thinking has made him invincible. He stands in front of the class tall and mighty, Goliath-like. He is the master, the undefeated, undefeatable man who can throw anyone, from the smallest to the biggest, on their asses – and no one, not one person, can touch him now. “What’s the matter with you guys? Come on, who’s next?”
“I’m next, teacher.”
Raife’s head snaps around suddenly; it is the voice of Alian Darker. Uh oh, his heart and lungs arrested. His pupils shattered.
His courage dwindling.
Tapering to a twig.
A shaving.
Splinters.
Powder.
The wind kicks up.
Dusssssssssssst.
“Uhhhh,” he says, his voice sputtering flaccidly across the room like a deflating balloon. He had forgotten about Alian Darker, forgotten that in the world there were Alian Darkers, dark, sleek, muscular and lean Alian Darkers. Totally-there Alian Darkers. Alian Darkers whose fluid movements slide over the earth like shadows, casting themselves behind mountains without apology, rolling over the plains like black sails and following beneath the clouds, cloaking the frightened in darkness. They are like fluid presences with too much knowledge, too much power and far too much cunning – presences without any emotion but I AM. Alian Darkers aren’t human. They can’t be.
So Raife speaks again. “Hey, Alian, buddy. What if I were Chan Long, the martial artist? I bet I could take you right now. What if..” He emphasizes the 'if' in the 'if' clause, hoping to make sure it’s clear he’s just pretending. Alian could obliterate him in a second, paint the walls with his stupid whiteness and he knows it. “Yeah, what if I were Chan Long? If I were, you know, if I were Chan Long.” He dances around Alian, throwing imaginary punches and making exaggerated fighting noises with his mouth.
Alian takes a step forward, as if he’s gearing up to punch a hole in the man before him, and Raife freezes with a great swallow of air, waiting for the blow to come. It doesn’t, so he speaks again. “What if I were, uh … Li Xiao Long, you know. That Bruce Lee guy. They say he was pretty tough?” Raife offers a big smile, rocks back and forth on his feet, makes a few silly faces and sends as many submissive signals as he can, hoping to make it clear that he’s a nobody. “Maybe if I were Li Xiao Long I could take you, but only maybe, you know, not really. I mean, maybe he could, maybe – but me … Hell, I’m just a little fella’ from some backwater town.” Raife slinks away from Alian, cautiously, not making any fast movements and shuffling backwards. Once he gets out of Alian’s range he turns and runs out of the room as fast as he can, pretty sure he’s safe for now.
Anyway, he’s the teacher, and as far as he knows the smashing of teachers is against the rules of the school, but then – Alian, he’s the kind that can do what he wants. He’s the kind that devours rules for fun, and after sending enormous burps into the howling darkness, devours more, followed by more and more and more until the only thing left are the rules he makes, perfectly beautiful or perfectly wicked. It’s impossible to tell. 
Walking down the hallway, the long, narrow and well-lit hallway, Raife feels a great sense of insecurity, having just nearly gotten trounced moments ago. It’s like whatever great force from which he had so recently acted had been sucked out of him, leaving nothing but a feeling of utter smallness, a feeling of being entirely irrelevant in the universe, of being an unknown vacuum of power. It’s a kind of exaggerated and absolute vulnerability, an ugliness growing from his roots and clinging in sticky vines all over his skin; it is his skin. And it is clear to the other students in the hallway, all of them, that he is a dirty-skinned nothing. Yet in spite of how he feels, he walks with his head held as high as he can, staring straight ahead as his wife had taught him, not looking into anyone’s eyes, not flinching, not appearing that grotesque and ugly infestation that he truly is. By appearing strong, he imagines, by acting resilient, perhaps he can control how others view him, enacting a front for what he feels, or rather knows, to be true.
So he walks forward, head up, front up, a fraud on his way out. The exit is near. He approaches.
The light is extremely bright, forcing him to squeeze his eyelids almost closed. It is also hot and humid today, like every other day in the eastern part of the desert, the perfect, sacred desert. Liquid hot winds blow over defenseless skin and watery heat drips warmly over frightened muscles. Like a sauna it softens things once stiff and hard. Sweat forms and poisons are removed.
Once adjusted to the sunlight he turns to re-enter the building, watching himself as he does so. He is two now, not one, and observes himself from behind. It is time to go back in. His hair, he notices first, has grown longer; it is the same length it was a few years ago when he was a graduate student on the east coast. He wore it in a ponytail then, and does so now. Unsatisfied with the way it looks, however, he stops at the entrance and removes a dew rag from his pocket, the same faded one he wore during that period; once purple but now nearly reddish-pink, with a symmetrical pattern. He places it on his head and begins fidgeting with his long hair. Some of the ends are dry and split and the long strands from thinning areas get tangled in the knot, making it impossible to get it right. After a few minutes of trying, he decides there’s just no way he can wear the dew rag like he used to, so he decides just to drape it over his head and wear it like a shamaagh, like the Saudis do.
Watching himself from behind, he notices how quickly and easily his hands work, and surprisingly the dew rag becomes a lovely shamaagh, though a faded one, and he himself, once neatly trimmed and dressed like the average western college instructor, becomes a desert nomad – thin, darkly sunburned and dusty. He is an Arab now, yeah, and won’t everyone be impressed by that, by the fact that he had wandered among the bedoo, had wandered in the desert, had been among Arabs, mighty Arabs.
He enters the building, worn, nomadic legs and thin shoulders covered with a dusty thobe. His sandals are also dusty, scuffing over the clean tile floor and protecting his narrow, golden-brown feet and skinny toes. His bony shoulders are slightly hunched and strands of hair entwine in the wafting shamaagh. He’s been in the desert a long time, see? See how different he is? How dark and heavily bearded? Rough at the edges?
Grizzly?
Unlike everyone else?
Too different? he wonders, feeling a crowd of eyes gathering where he stands. It isn’t right. He’s definitely out of place. He is the only desert Arab in the high school building. Watching himself from behind and feeling himself from inside, he begins to feel a growing sense of discomfort. It was a mistake, he thinks, to dress like an Arab in his high school. What was so beautiful in the desert, outside in the burning sunlight, now looks silly. He is the only desert nomad in the school and, damn – everyone’s looking and he can feel and see himself growing insecure at the same time.
So the other self, the one he had been observing moments ago from behind, changes from a desert nomad into someone else, someone without identity, dark, but not Arab. That man, that other, is covered in black and looks almost like a standing three-dimensional shadow without identifiable features, or details. Something’s wrong with that fellow, though. A sense of darkness surrounds him, as though he were, in a sense, evil. After all, the dark cloak he wears is wrong in some way, poorly fitted, almost unsuitable. Ragged seams, loose threads; it’s wrong, just wrong.
Intrigued by this other, his other, Raife steps near in order to speak, but just when he does so, just at the moment he opens his mouth to say “who are you?” – it flees!
So Raife jumps on his mountain bike and begins pedaling as hard as he can, determined to follow the dark figure until he catches him. The bike accelerates rapidly under his power and within seconds is gliding over the smooth floor, its narrow polished wheels whisking along silently, spinning like silver discs. He pedals harder. His legs and arms are strong. In his collarbone there’s no pain. He races through the well-lit hallway, chasing after the other. He’s close, perhaps only three bike-lengths ahead of Raife, who prepares now for the turn, a tight right-hander. He stops pedaling, leans into the corner without slowing and like an arrow whispering through space, he glides around the corner perfectly, his wheels slipping over the gleaming floor.
He begins pedaling again, even faster and harder, his muscled legs propelling him along swiftly, in hot pursuit of the dark Other just ahead. He scans the hallway, sees another curve coming, stops pedaling just before it and whispers through, both wheels just on the edge of losing grip. Yes! He can ride so well. Two years of riding in Africa. Two years of falling up and down mountains and racing over rocks and soaring over peaks and falling into valleys. He can ride, better than anyone around here he can ride. Swift and smooth, unafraid of slippery curves he glides around corners like polished ice on enameled glass – flying, flying through the hallway!
He’s gaining, not tiring on the pedals; leaning forward over the bars. He stares defiantly ahead in absolute concentration. He’ll catch that guy. Damnit, he’ll catch that guy. He can catch him. He has the skill; he learned to ride in the mountains of Lesotho where jagged peaks and rough valleys chiseled his muscles strong, where having fallen and gotten up and battered himself and gotten up and bled and gotten up and rode and rode and nothing could slow him down. He’s not afraid. He’ll ride through these halls as he rode through the mountains and everyone will see his skill. He’s grateful he can ride like this, grateful he learned to ride from the master, from Helmut, who nearly always won. Even now, while riding through the hallway, he’s thankful for this new gift, thankful for Helmut who taught him, thankful for the ability to ride so confidently. Won’t everyone be so impressed!
He’s gaining again. Two bike lengths behind the other. He can see only his back, the obscure darkness that defines him, as with Alian. He rides as well as Raife, maybe a bit faster, but Raife will not slow down. He’ll not fear any curve. He races over the floor like a glassy bullet!
Look at him go! See how easily he handles the curves. See how he leans over, his body close to the ground, chest tucked over the bars. Like a projectile in gleaming space he flies!
Look at him go! See how he flies. See how easy it is for him to chase the dark one, the one just ahead and now gaining a few feet, requiring him to pedal even harder. He’ll not get tired, though. He’ll not lose the race to the dark one. He’s gaining again. He’s pedaling. He’s flowing through the straights and curves like a river of whistling water!
Look!
Look at him go!
I’m flying, he thinks. I’m great. I’m capable of catching the dark one and I’ll run him down. Warm bursts of confidence surge through my body and propel me forward, after the dark one. I’m gaining. Closing the distance! Leaning through the curves, unafraid of losing grip, of sliding sideways half-on/half-off the bike. I’m a silent eruption of shimmering velocity, an electronic humming sizzling moment of pure energy losing contact with the earth and splitting the air in half, a great puncturing hole in sound I’m HAUL! - ING!
Head and shoulders are stretched far over the bars in a windless slice of narrowness, legs igniting the pedals through invisible loop after loop, each another spark, another flash, another light-bending twisting muscled sweat-flinging body glistening arrow sizzling flying object, hissssssing through the hallsssssss!
Look at me!
Look at me go!
My skill is enviable. Everyone will see how well I ride. See how well I glide, how well I defy gravity, detonating myself through ssssspace – weightlessssss, soundlessss, free. . . 
Oh no.
He’s losing distance on the dark one. He pedals harder but the dark one keeps increasing the gap between them. He must be faster. He must be smoother. The dark one must be just slightly better than Raife at anything. Yet Raife is not afraid. He will not be defeated. He will not lose this race to that guy, no matter what!
Faster!
Faster!
Sweating! Pedaling! A steamy surge, a wing/an urge. Lungs. Nostrils. A great wind searing his face. Eyes glaring – not despairing he goes! The light is ahead. He can see it. He’s flying!
There it is. The exit from the hallway. He bursts into the light suddenly, gusts into open air, but as soon as he does so, the dark one disappears!
“You pussy!” Raife screams, jumping off his bike. “You pussy!” he shouts, his muscles pulsating in glimmering heaves. “Fuck you! You pussy!” he shouts again, his expression hardened against fear. “I’m not afraid of. . .”
. . .but suddenly, before he can finish that last angry breath, before the word ceases to be formed in his mouth, he freezes, defenselessly aware that he can never, ever catch the dark one, the hidden one, the one unseen, alone. So he opens his mouth, and from the very bottom of his soul, under which there is nothing more, cries out, “O God, help me,” desperately, expelling a mouth full of water as he does so.
Above him are two ineffable eyes, fine lines on either side of which express what unseen lips allow them to.





8. the kitten



“Meowwwwwwwwwww…” 
Tiny legs propel it. Small pads on skinny paws. Bright sun, bright sun; already the sun is bright. A few weeds poke through the sand and gravel. Well-watered trees flourish. Modern cars in the parking lot. Fancy some of them, with two-tone paintwork: sedans, saloons, big V8 motors. Cleaned often by Filipinos. Second-hand some of the others. Faded, dented, scratched, unrepaired skin from bumps, crashes, knocks and bright sun, always bright sun dryyyyyying things, peeling away the skin, turning the surface to dusssssst, faded dust on white hot steel. Bubblesssss. Bubbles in the paint. Bubbles in the air, sweltering waves of heat raise bubbles of sweat, and it’s only half-six in the morning.
Half-six and bright sun. Dusty surfaces. Chirping birds and trees continually watered. Sun. 
And a kitten.
“Meowwwwwwwwwww…”
It is wandering in delirious circles, crying for something. Probably its mother, someone to touch it, perhaps one of the kids waiting at the bus stop. It walks in circles, feverish circles at the feet of the children who stand with shoulders limp, eyes cast down, tears ready to form, and questions forming already.
“Mommy, can we help it?”
“Daddy, please?”
“Why?” The big one comes. Raife watches it form on their lips, in their hearts, on the surface of olive faces, over white shirts and small ties, little school bags and a long day ahead. “What happened to the kitty from this morning?”
“Meowwwwwwwwwww…”
Raife stands there watching the kitten, for some reason remembering the other day when he had woken up on the cornice sidewalk with two words in his mouth and two eyes staring down at him. “Help me!” is what bubbled forth from below, from what seemed like the origins, the very origins of his soul. It was as if the initial neuron in a horrified brain was, like the kitten, crying out for help, sending only one message in the end:
“Please, oh please, help me!”
Or was it the beginning?
“Meowwwwwwwwwww…”
It walks in large circles, uttering small cries for help, stumbling over small stones for Raife, boulders for tiny paws. Fur matted and dusty, little eyes wide and frightened. Little feet stumble, skinny legs wobble. A tiny voice in the bright sun crying, “Help me!” Dried out surfaces and parched pleassss.
“Meowwwwwwwwwww…”
“Help me!” from a vulnerable throat. A skeletal tail withering behind a malnourished body. A gray, dehydrated face emits little screams. Precious and dying, unwanted and crying, skinny and eyeing it, Raife wonders what to do.
“Meowwwwwwwwwww…”
“Raife, help me!”
“Meowwwwwwwwwww…”
“Blease help me, Raife!”
“Meowwwwwwwwwww…”
He stares at it, entranced by its helpless state, its tiny vulnerability, and remembers the three kittens he’d found in Lesotho, the three he and Maria nursed to life: weeks of 2 a.m. feedings, trips to the vet, cleaning up dirty messes. He remembers the puppies, ten of them. How he and Maria had tried to save them, but eight died in spite of vets and trips and messes and blankets cut into pieces. It was a moral battle, a struggle against evolution. All their efforts did nothing but drag out the dying process, extend the time of suffering. 
A few of them even died in Maria’s hands.
“Meowwwwwwwwwww…”
The kitten approaches him, stumbling and pleading, a feeble ball of dirty fur stretched over ribs seen from a distance. It’s coming, fevered steps, four legs bony and scathed. Crying and starving, preciously it is carving a stumbly path to Raife, now thinking, what to do?
“Meowwwwwwwwwww…”
His heart is sinking.
“Meowwwwwwwwwww…”
It is clumsy on unfed feet, helplessly tracing the word pity on the gravel. What to do? Raife thinks again, watching it fall, watching it stall and regather. It is struggling to move, its eyes are unloved and it is weeping in soluble moans.
“Meowwwwwwwwwww…”
“Blease, help me!” it screeches, a long desperate reach over space soon receding.
“Meowwwwwwwwwww…”
“I can’t breathe,” it cries, dying attempts to be saved. Seeing tall shapes, hearing voices, smelling emotions – knowing someone’s there but it can’t see them.
“Meowwwwwwwwwww…”
“Blease!” It gets louder. The circles expand, such cries but no outstretched hands. No food, no water, nothing, nothing is happening “Oh please!”
“Meowwwwwwwwwww…”
“I’m dying!”
“Meowwwwwwwwwww…”
Raife watches the kitten. Light and sound. Sun, heat and wind.
A voice crying, a voice speaking.
“help!”
Raife watches the kitten.
“help!”
Raife stares at the kitten.
“blease!”
Raife watches a dying kitten stumbling over the burning gravel and there’s only one logical thing to do:
Leave it.





9. hadeeth



Nervously, Raife holds the book, one of a set of twenty volumes, in his hand. The collection supposedly contains more than fifty-eight thousand sayings, yet the one he is staring at now seems ill-omened, not exactly what he wanted to see when only a few moments ago he grabbed the volume off the bookstore shelf and opened it randomly to a page.
He reads.
"A woman was punished because she imprisoned a cat until it died. On account of this, she was doomed to hell. While she imprisoned it, she did not give the cat food or drink, nor did she free it to eat the insects of the earth."
This is bad, he thinks, recalling the kitten – the scrawny, tattered, gasping kitten stumbling around the boiling parking lot and pleading “help me” as he himself pleaded, not too long ago when he woke up with the words on his lips, like the cry on the lips of the kitten, “help me.”
“Raife, blease help me!”
“Blease free me, Raife!” 
He decides to flip ahead a few dozen pages, hoping to come across something a bit lighter, like how to hold a drinking cup, or when to eat and when not to. Maybe, he thinks, there will be a section about alimentary codes or something likewise innocuous, or a few sayings about what to do in a public facility. Perhaps he can find the saying about swimming – how the Prophet is supposed to have said it is good exercise. Anything but sayings about kittens, especially sayings that invoke images, like little desiccated feet and a hoarse throat cracking its little pleas over dehydrated dust and claws scraping on dusty stones eyes burnt out and parched lungs blistered scorched rough and gagging for water, anything – stop! 
“blease!”
He stops at a new section, chooses a passage randomly and reads: 
"A man walking along a path felt very thirsty. Reaching a well, he descended into it, drank his fill, and came up…"
This looks more like something he can live with: thirst has got to be a common theme here, in the desert, where when it’s not boiling it’s fuming.
“help!”
“I can’t breathe!”
He continues:
Then he saw a dog with its tongue hanging out, trying to lick up mud to quench his thirst.
Uh, oh…
"The man said, “This dog is feeling the same thirst that I felt.” So he went down into the well again, filled his shoe with water, and gave the dog a drink. So God thanked him and forgave his sins. The Prophet was asked, “Messenger of God, are we rewarded for kindness towards animals?” He said: There is a reward to kindness for every living creature, animal or human."
Raife returns the book to the shelf, and stands there, thinking. The bookstore is filled with people tonight, families, single men, women, children. Computers for sale, art supplies, the latest in fiction, nonfiction, and whole stacks of five-dollar bargain books. He saw a few of those British spy novels and almost bought one, but that’s when he saw the Sunnah sitting there, all twenty volumes of Al-Bukhari.
He decides to forget about the Sunnah and wanders over to the balcony railing to get a look at what’s going on down below on Level One. The first thing he notices are two Saudi students, probably best friends, standing at the mobile phone counter holding hands and speaking with the Indian salesclerk, chances are, trying to knock a few dollars off the latest model. Next to them is a small puppy asleep on the floor, his little feet acting out the motions of running. He’s probably a Saluki soaring over the desert, chasing one of those wild dear-like things they have here, oryx, or whatever…
Raife shakes the mirage free and looks over to the checkout counter. A long line of Filipino women are waiting to pay for their goods, and next to them is a Saudi family. The man has the little kid on his shoulders and the two women, maybe his wives, maybe his daughters, are speaking animatedly about something. They probably forgot to feed their kitten at home and are arguing about the likelihood of its having survived their shopping spree. That’s it; they probably just bought a stack of cat maintenance books or something like that, and are trying to decipher the complexities of how to successfully raise a healthy kitten in this…
“Raife, blease free me!”
Raife shakes the mirage free, and glances over at the computer section. A cluster of Saudis are gawking at the latest fastest and “best thing evers,” and a handful of kids are running around wildly, playing with their little dog. He is a Border Collie like Ku, and he’s doing that thing Border Collies do, trying to get someone’s, anyone’s attention, so they can play and play and play and play! He has that same little flesh-colored area at the tip of his nose, the one that gets sunburned easily if you don’t remember to rub the sun cream in. He, or maybe it’s a she, also has the same glistening coat of ebony hair, bright and loveable. Now he’s barking and doing that squat down thing that says so clearly: “I’m now playing with YOU” The children are down on their hands and knees, imitating it, ready to…
Raife shakes the mirage free, and next takes in the section where they sell briefcases and office supplies. An elderly Saudi fellow is nosing around the file cabinets, reaching out and touching one, then quickly withdrawing his hand. He looks kind, like the sort you’d want to listen to all afternoon tell stories about when they were young Bedoo, living on dates and water, super poor. His face is covered with caverns and valleys, and even from so high Raife can see all the shadows. An old cat is following behind him, tracing every step just as slowly and methodically as the elderly man. Looks like one of those wild cats you see climbing in and out of dumpsters, but this one looks well fed and loved. Its coat is soft brown and striped like a tiger’s. The man reaches down sometimes, like just now, and strokes the fur on its back. It arches when his hand glides gently over its coat, and, though Raife can’t hear it, he knows the cat is purrrrrring ever ssssso audibly. The man then straightens up again and…
Raife shakes the mirage free, and scans the whole area. The bookstore is filled with books, perhaps twenty thousand of them, and yet from all these he just had to take a peak at the Sunnah, not for the first time, though probably for the last. He thinks about the two passages he just read, imagines the woman, imagines the man. The cat died, the dog lived.
“A woman was punished because she imprisoned a cat until it died …”
“But,” he thinks… ; “Bu—”
“The man went down into the well, filled his shoe with water and gave the dog a drink.”
“On account of this she went to hell…”
“On account of this he was rewarded…”
Raife shakes the thoughts free and scans the whole area again, slowwwwwly. The bookstore is loaded with books, perhaps twenty thousand of them, and he thinks about the likelihood of having chosen the particular volume of the Sunnah that he did, and the two particular passages that he did, and … well – it just doesn’t seem likely, really, that it could have happened, but … yet – it did happen, and so recently after having woken with a mouthful of water and a mouth full of “help me!” – on his lips; the two words sprung from the very bottom of his soul, and then – then he allowed a kitten crying a similar “help me” to go unhelped.
“On account of this he went to hell…”
Leaning over the railing and struck by the improbability of it all – the passages, the timing, the thoughtfulness of the author – Raife scans the bottomless warehouse of words and decides suddenly there’s really only one logical thing to do, and so he does it: 
“Allah, please forgive me…”





10. "heal me."



1. Raife sat wearily in the abode of the one called Divine, whose wife, being old in years, though young in beauty, was ministering unto his wounds. She hastened to make him well and feared not, it seemed, the numerous sores upon him. He wore no raiment, and thus was his skin exposed.
2. Verily was it a great kindness to Raife, who many times lamented the ugliness into which he was fashioned. Great sores grew upon his flesh, and was he also afflicted within, often sorrowful of his condition, thinking himself unworthy to be touched. Many times he therefore felt fatigued.
3. But great was the mercy of the wife Divine, who heaped upon him such kindness that the feeling of ugliness once overwhelming him, began slowly to vanish, and wherein once lay a great emptiness was a feeling like unto,
4. Love.
5. And so sat he upon the bed, marveling at the kindness of the wife Divine, a woman known for her righteousness, her husband for his mercy. Thus it is said of them: “They are bearers of God’s love.” Even made they for him tea, the drinking of which quickened his heart.
6. Why doeth she such a kindness to me, Raife oft wondered, though from his mouth were no words spoken. Thoughts abounded, however, but deep-sunken.
7. Then came a kinsman from no small distance, who had once made a covenant to clean the garments of Divine, and was thus happy to serve in that fashion, and whose name was also known as Ra’ad Munahy. Oft gave he money for that which was dirty, that in so doing he could make it clean again. Whosoever’s garments he touched, were made clean. This he did and was glad.
8. To Divine gave he also herbs for healing, ancient remedies taken from the desert, wherein is found all manner of aromatic plants. For this also he was glad, and said: “Take of these, my kinsmen,” and departed.
9. Then stood Raife up from the bed, his wounds having been tended. The wife Divine was of fine countenance, and the skin upon her face was comely. The hands from which service she did provide, were soft, like the softness of a sweet date.
10. “If you please, you could surely take wages for this.” Raife stood upon the floor, whereof the covering was of wool.
11. “Nay, to keep you in our company only is a great joy to us, and no saying can account for it.” The one named, so known for his great mercy, and to whom is married she of whose hands it is said, “they bestow kindness” spoke to Raife with eyes in which a shone a great light.
12. Raife was glad, his bones no longer feeble, and his head no longer burdened with a great heaviness. “Verily, I am indebted.” Even the sores under his raiment, about which he once wept, seemed to burden him no longer. “You have conferred a favor upon me.”
13. “Nay. Give we what we have been given, and do thou likewise.”
14. The time fixed for their meeting having come to an end, Raife began to depart, but the wife Divine, whose beauty is widely known, inquired whether she might accompany him on the journey, the heavens being now dark.
15. Nay, it is a marvelous thing, thought Raife, his joy now complete. Into the darkness they withdrew, their feet shod only in sandals; for in the desert was a great heat.
16. Verily, I love her of whom it is said “her hands bestow kindness.” Raife walked beside the wife Divine, and the stars shone of glad tidings. Great was his eagerness to embrace her, and in his bosom would he know her. Even she would know me, he thought, and imagined that through which the husband Divine would likely be caused a great sorrow. Nonetheless, would not Divine have objected to their departing together? Indeed, for thus he of whom it is said “he shows great mercy” had given to Raife a gift: his own wife, that they might bear seed together.
17. Soon it came to pass that Raife found her next to him, and it seemed that amongst her thoughts was a thought similar to his own, that they should unite in the desert. Winds rent the sand and piled it upon itself. She was of mirth heretofore unknown of her.
18. Seized with desire, Raife allowed his feet to stumble, and therein cast himself upon the ground, the wife Divine also being caught up, so that upon her he fell. Her breast was below him, and softly did it press against his chest. She made no struggle.
19. Nevertheless, he lighted upon his feet again, and the wife Divine rose soon after, her garment though, had fastened itself higher upon her body, and was secured there.
20. They went forth in that manner, the wife Divine restoring not her garment to whence it had come: around her ankles. She proceeded, and in so doing was uncovered.
21. Raife was seized again by her beauty, and desired to touch her flesh. So fastened he his eyes upon her, though hiding the deed, and beheld her beauty, that for which she is known as woman. He was glad to do so.
22. But alas! gazed Raife upon a marvel. The wife Divine had now two fleshly parts: that of woman and that of man. Why herein is a marvelous thing! Both man and woman joined into one! 
23. Seized now with even greater lust, having so fastened his eyes upon the marvel, that in partnership with itself, one being in whom are yet two, he thus beckoned with his eyes completely.
24. The wife Divine hearkened unto his looking and asked of him, “Wouldst thou touch it?”
25. He that is called Raife reached forth his hand to that part like unto his own, that of male, and touched it.
26. Then walked he in that same hallway again, the one about which much has already been written, and wherein he was found chasing the dark one on a mountain bicycle. The hallway was again full of students, exactly as it had been during his first visit, except this time was there one astonishing difference: all of them appeared to be without the life force. They were all pale white and walking in a wave of emptiness, moving ahead with no purpose, or destiny, or will. Eyes were deepset and staring aimlessly forward, showing no signs of sensing or feeling or recognizing anything within the reaches of their vision. Whatever force had once enlivened them – that spark words and sentence have so often failed to reproduce – seemed long ago to have been spent. Dried up even. Shriveled and unsaved. Indeed, they were as bodies hollow.
Raife, however, had never felt more contented, and walked along as if his feet needed only to squash the soft balloons of air beneath them, floating him over the tile floor with hardly any effort at all. He gazed intently on those surrounding him, whose white faces and lightless eyes stared in a meaningless way in a meaningless direction – meaninglessly unfocused and unaware of being. He watched them closely for some time as they seeped forward, marveling at how as one great incidental wave they moved ahead slowly, unaware they were being watched and that he, the one who had been there before, was watching them. Even the one among them whom he recognized, the one cloaked in the darkest shroud of void, and whom he had chased hurriedly through the pathways the first time, was like the others: greatly encumbered with unbeing.
Curious about this state, Raife approached him and spoke. “You look sick, hey?” His speech was as lively as his unaffected gait.
“We all are,” the man said - no enthusiasm, no emotion, no visible sign of life illuminating his features. It was, Raife thought, as if he were simply a vertically oriented dead being - mobile but uncompelled. Occurring involuntarily yet inescapably.
Raife carried on with him for some time, hoping to understand the mystery surrounding this wave of lifeless humanity. But before he could derive any conclusions, before he could even begin formulating the appropriate question for the task, he sensed a sudden change in their manner. He looked carefully and saw that they were staring at him now, each of their vacant eyes hanging loosely over the edge of yet another redundant precipice and waiting for him to…to what? He didn’t know. It was as if he was the one for whom they had been waiting a long time and they were now ready for him to…to what? He didn’t know; he only knew that to his great surprise he wasn’t afraid, and that – unlike the last time he visited these corridors when he left with a great cry of “help!” rising from so deep in his throat it woke him with a gulp of watery desperation – he would never be afraid again, ever. He could be afraid if he wanted to. He could even be like them if he wanted to, that is to say, the possibilities were there if he wanted to choose them. But he didn’t. No, he felt better than ever. Music filled that part of him in which emotion was produced and life given, and light illuminated the notes.
Thus full of joy, he moved quickly to a quiet and more private place far away from those gravity-nourished, open-eyed and gaunt-faced followers of nothing, where he could freely celebrate his not being in their condition. With this in mind he wandered deeper into the building for some time before he found an open area at the end of a long passageway, in which was a smooth silver post descending from somewhere above the ceiling down through the floor below. He instinctively took hold of it as soon as he saw it, and held it tightly between his hands. He felt in it some kind of great energy, as if perchance the post might be the axis upon which the very earth itself was spinning hastily around and around - the sun.
With his fingers locked together, he leaned back to the furthest extent of his arms and began twirling around the silver post, accelerating faster and faster with each revolution he made, until so fast was the rate of his turning that he became a whispering silver disc shrinking in size and increasing in speed and thereby reducing the boundaries between himself and the universe to an inaudible shriek of shimmering light growing warmer and warmer and turning faster and faster and getting smaller and smaller and speeding inward toward the very origin of his own time he became a bright incandescent blistering hot burning fiery red yellow blue violet invisible-light. . .

!BANG!

27. After which he opened his eyes again, surprised to find himself staring directly into the eyes of another, one covered in a multitude of sores, and upon whose lips were his own.
28. It was a kiss.
29. O my! he thought, for no small surprise was this kiss. “Nay, thou hast kissed me,” he said, and gazed upon that man. The sores covering his flesh were like unto those once covering his own flesh.
30. “Verily. We have come to kiss him of whom, it is said, that he maketh whole those who do so.” Raife turned to the one speaking, another also covered in sores, that, alas, no part of her was seen to be perfect. Beset by great sickness was she, having for a long time tarried in the room wherein Raife was now sitting. “Dost thou not know what is said of thee, how thou dost possess the gift to heal our wounds?”
31. “Never heard I such a thing.”
32. “Verily, it is said that thou art blessed among us, and for this reason have we waited so long for thee, to receive a kiss and be healed.”
33. It was with no small astonishment that Raife beheld the one speaking. For over her flesh were great wounds, spots thereof like unto burns and holes in which festered small creatures. He was frightened.
34. “Wouldst thou refuse me, then, if I were to beseech thee, ‘heal me?'”
35. Raife’s heart being rent in twain, he gazed upon the woman. It was a pity, the sores covering her flesh. But would they not alight upon his own if he touched her? Indeed, would not the sores vexing her, vex him likewise? But yet, his faith was an enormity, and only recently had he rejoiced in a manner not known to him. And also, was he not recently touched by her of whom it is said “her hands bestow kindness”? How then, when gazing upon her over which wounds grew deep, could he refrain from granting that which she sought? “Come to me,” he said.
36. And verily, precisely at the moment he said so, did he hear a voice from the darkness, the one crying, “Alllaaaahu Akbar!” Causing him to open his eyelids slowwwwly, as the first door closed behind him, slowwwwyy, while yet another opened in the same fashion, slowwwwly.
“Alllaaaahu Akbar!”
Outside, the Muezzin is calling to prayer those who would hear, like Raife himself, who, moved by a great light, rises from bed, sits at his computer and writes…




11.  ...seeking Mr. X



“Not one,” Raife says, staring beyond the edge of the road and across the desert floor, searching the radiant sand for clues, or for anything that before him might be revealing. It is hot. Hotter than he ever remembers it being anywhere, anytime during his entire life; probably like hell might be, though at least his skin isn’t in flames.
He’s been on the road for nearly two hours, walking aimlessly through the blistering streets of Al-Khaleej, scraping himself on the low branches of date palms and growing increasingly further from achieving his goal: finding where Mr. X lives. He has asked more than a dozen people so far, but they all have responded in pretty much the same fashion: strange looks. He can’t understand why no one knows where Mr. X lives, or why when he asks for directions they all appear to be completely mystified with his request. He’s tried a variety of strategies in order to make his query more comprehensible, but nothing seems to have any impact on producing the outcome he desires, yet – he needs to find Mr. X, and soon. He can’t last much longer in this heat. It’s more than a hundred and thirty degrees in the sun, and that’s not counting humidity, eighty to a hundred percent in these parts.
Another drop of sweat slips off the bridge of his nose, falls seamlessly through the air and splatters silently between his feet, about ten thousand miles away from where he saw another drop fall in a similar pattern, though that one was a tear. It was at a Montana rest stop on a dark night, far cooler than the broiling Saudi afternoon in which he now walks from door to door trying to find where Mr. X lives. There were trees in Montana, bare skeletons of native trees sprouting from every crack and crevice, not like these nonnative eucalyptus trees barely nourished all day long with underground feeder lines, and whose dust-coated branches and leaves wilt downward in a fan of parched final efforts. Must cost a fortune to have trees where really no trees should be at all. Twenty years ago there was nothing but sand in every direction as far as one could see. Now once past the flourishing green rim surrounding the village, it is sand again, nothing but sand and sand and sand – hot flaming and toasted sand. The Industrial City is fifteen kilometers away, not quite far enough from the developments specially designed to house workers in the local college, or those in The Royal Commission. Raife’s flat is somewhere behind, about a gallon of precious sweat behind, that is – twice what remains in the five-liter bottle of water he’s been carrying, turning white the once once-golden knuckles of his right hand.
“Useless,” he says, still staring at the ground. “That’s what it is, useless.” He takes another breath, tries to rather, but gets only another lungful of hot non-circulating liquid air. Another drop of sweat trickles down his forehead and along the bridge of his nose, dangles momentarily on the tip, and then after a cross-eyed moment of crystal itching, plunges unopposed straight to the ground between his feet. He’s completely drenched. His head hangs forward. His back is bowed. He’s tired. He’s lost.
He stops. “What the hell am I doing?” It was the same question he had asked himself that night in Montana at the rest stop, on the way to meet a woman he only knew through letters, and who seemed to be able to see right through him, directly into a region he didn’t like the notion of. It was frightening to say the least, terrifying to say the most least. It was regeneration; an inexplicable series of bizarre events evading all possible intellectual criteria he sought in explanation. Letter after letter after letter she predicted his thoughts, changing his life week by week so that he spent half the time crying, the other half weeping. He thought he was going insane. “Maybe I was,” he says to the ground. “Maybe I am,” he says again, sweating immensely and utterly lost. He needs some help, though if things continue as they have all morning, it’s unlikely he’ll get any.
Nevertheless he decides to ask again and approaches another one of the local, flat-roofed, high-walled, yard-free and fully insulated houses. Like nearly all the others in Saudi Arabia, it’s beige. Like the sand that blows across the desert all day long, and into his windows if left open on a windy one.
There is no car in the driveway, in itself not too revealing, but it’s hard to tell about these folks. He probably shouldn’t even be doing this, but he desperately needs to find where Mr. X lives, and soon.
He ringssss.
Bonggggggg … bongggggg
“Sweating at the door again are you, looking for other than a way in; looking for somewhere else, it seems, nowhere that you know of.”
Bonggggggg … bongggggg
“You don’t even have a map; you’re soaked in sagging slacks; standing at another door you continue, knowing nothing of where you are.” He hears voices on the other side, some children. Someone is approaching the door.
It opens.
“Ahlan wa sahlan.” A mid-forties man is looking into Raife’s eyes nervously. Don’t get many whites knocking around here.
“It seems as if in the course of trying to locate one Mr. X, of whom it is said ‘he lives near here,’ I have inadvertently, that is to say, with no intention, seem to have …”
The man’s eyes become cloudy.
“… managed with considerable effectiveness to wander from the path which if followed, should have deposited me at the place for which, having already begun, I am no longer continuing in a direction likely to be described as correct, at least it would seem that the adjective correct would be an incorrect choice in this case.”
“Huh?”
“English?”
“Huh?”
“Eng-lish?” This time Raife says it slowly.
“Halas halas.”
“How should I interpret ‘halas’ in the present context, i.e., your having said it to me just now, twice in a series.”
“Halas?”
“Yes. If in saying ‘halas’ twice in a series you intended to convey a specific meaning, what might that meaning have been, forgetting momentarily all other possible meanings associated with ‘halas’?”
“Mafi Englizi.” The man shrugs his shoulders, a dubious look spreading over his face.
Raife bows, smiles and says “shukran” and leaves discouraged from yet another unsuccessful attempt to locate the house to which now going, he does so without direction. What’s the matter with these people? he wonders. It seems to be the same thing every time. He asks where Mr. X lives and they stare at him aimlessly, or look  aimlessly past him until at some point a word of no utility for his present purpose emerges and he leaves again, defeated, having gotten no closer to his goal. Useless, he thinks.
Another drop of sweat grows visible on the end of his nose and he wipes it away before it can break loose, wondering in the process if there’s ever an end to it, the sweat that is. He imagines there probably is, likely about the same time as his end – the two somehow related in time and space. Though which, he wonders, would come first: the last drop of sweat or the last breath?
“Which came first?” they would ask at his funeral, “the last drop of sweat or the last breath?”
“Why, we would need to gather evidence in order to satisfy that query, and it’s unlikely to be the case that evidence can be obtained so long after the subject has expired. Indeed, the question will remain forever.”
“Agreed then. We don’t know which came first.”
“I object. We can assume on behalf of local environmental constraints which event may have preceded the other. It would be an untestable hypothesis, of course, which technically means it’s not even a hypothesis, doesn’t it?”
“Yes. Already we have begun to tire about this sweat-breath question. Next!”
“I disagree. Theoretically we could test it, given the appearance of a volunteer, though of course one is unlikely to volunteer for an experiment which would require the cessation of all known personal life processes, and in the desert.”
“I object. Theoretically it is possible that one might volunteer for such an experiment. The problem then would be in finding this individual.”
“I disagree. It is not theoretically possible that something unlikely to be done would be done by one so unlikely to volunteer.” 
“Nonsense! I suggest we dispense with this question and continue on with more weighty matters. If a man dies in the desert and no one is there to recover the body, can it be known at precisely what time he had urinated last?”

Raife looks around, wondering if there’s any place to pee. There isn’t, of course, unless he would like to return to his own place, something unlikely since he has no idea where it is. There are no public toilets here, though on the beach, wherever that is, there are many. He was in one just a few days ago, standing in line for what he thought was a row of stand-up pissers. Just inside the door to his right was a large ground-level sink, in which those having already fulfilled the purposes of the building were washing up. It’s a clean bunch of folks these locals, always washing up after things. Raife wondered if he’d have to wash as well, and stood there looking at his new tennis shoes.
I’m fucked, he thought, examining the bright white leather and trying to figure out what he was going to do about the shoes if he had to wash his feet after urinating. A line of about fifteen men stood inside the carved stone toilet on the beach. Families were outside, picnicking all around. Jube was waiting for him as well, standing on the marble-floored entrance to what, Raife believed, was the fanciest latrine he had ever seen.
I’m fucked, he thought again, watching now as another man washed his feet, his sandals tossed hastily in a pile next to the sink, in half a puddle of water. He scrubs around the toes carefully, splashing water everywhere: on the floor, around the sink. His sandals are soaked, the likely outcome to Raife’s tennis shoes if he has to wash his feet. And the socks?
Damn. Raife looks again at the line ahead of him. A few older fellows and a couple of pudgy kids are waiting, leaning patiently against the wall and staring into the area where the toilets must be. Raife can’t see around the wall and wonders if he’ll be able to piss in front of so many Saudi’s. They’re all dressed in clean white thiaab and freshly pressed shamaaghs, just outside the temple before prayer. Though not mean looking, there is something serious about these Saudis. They don’t smile, at least not now anyway – not in the public toilet.
Fuck. Raife looks again into the small room to his right where another fellow is washing his feet, careful to remove every profane bit of elimination-associated soil from his body, causing Raife to wonder if pissing is really that dirty. He had heard that plenty of cultures sanction the drinking of their own piss when suffering from certain maladies. And besides, these desert types should recognize the possible utility of a liter of piss. Lemonade out here. The fellow cleaning his feet stops, turns off the water and slides his sopping wet feet into his sandals. He then slops his way out the door, inviting Raife to wonder what kind of mess he’ll be in when he tries to do the same with thick white socks and just did it shoes. A mess. And he still has a long walk ahead of him.
Piss – and though not a prediction, pretty accurate nonetheless. A few more men leave the stall area and the line inches ahead. That’s another problem. How is he going to piss in front of all these Arabs? They’ll stare at him over the edge of the barrier wall, of course. And he probably shouldn’t even be in here anyway, the locals’ place that is, just across the sand from the mosque. This is bad; he’s going to be in trouble; he can feel it. They’re all looking at him now, just quick glances out of the corners of their eyes, but looking still. Trouble.

Shit. Raife walks down the scorching sidewalk. The view is rippling with heat. Everything ahead of him dances and wobbles on the glimmering surface of air so wet it can be mopped up, is being mopped up by his shirt. Even one-hundred percent cotton is useless in this heat, though one-hundred percent being in another place, an icy place, might be of value.
The worst thing is that he doesn’t even know why he is looking for Mr. X’s place in the first place. Just knows that he has to, he has no choice. That’s why he was in Montana at the rest stop the night he met the Cherokee man, the night before he arrived at his destination: Maria’s house. He didn’t know why he was going there, really, only that he had to; only that the three months in which they had exchanged letters were so remarkable, so utterly inexplicable and life-changing, that he had to go. He had no choice. He didn’t even remember what she looked like. Two years had passed since he had seen her, a student in the first Anthropology class he had ever taught. He remembered that she was attractive – at least he thought she was attractive while he was writing letters, and later, when he was driving across a great country in a small car, crying nearly the whole time. It was odd, this – this thing that compels us, that pushes us forward when we neither know where we are going nor why, only that we are.
The rest stop was as remote as just about everything else in that part of Montana. It was dark as well, about eight in the evening perhaps, springtime. No insects to be heard yet, no trees in bloom or leafed, or even budding. It was early May, still chilly nights, but lovely; the mountains at the end of the path were pensive, leading him silently along. He didn’t know that when he stopped at the rest area, after having driven two eighteen-hour days in tears, he would be informed that, though why may not always be answerable, it leads the search destined to be confirmed if one listenssss.

He spots another door and approaches it, wondering what clues lead him to choose certain doors over others, since upon analysis they all look pretty much the same. There’s nothing written, nor are any signs hanging on the outside walls. It’s strange, some houses just seem approachable and others just don’t. But even stranger, it doesn’t seem to matter; none of them result in any help.
He ringssss.
Bonggggggg … bongggggg
“Knocking on the door again are you, wondering where you are, where you’re going, where, once having arrived you will be.”
Bonggggggg … bongggggg
“It seems a simple question when you think about it, just where it is to go, but knocking here and knocking there, offers nothing you didn’t already know.”
He hears voices on the other side. Children again.
The door opens.
“As-salaamu Alaykum.” A kind-looking young man answers the door, smiling. “Am’reeki, Am’reeki,” children shout from behind unseen walls, “Am’reeki,” scurry into the open for a second, then disappear again.
“Hi, if in one word I was to express most simply the present purpose in which I am engaged, but for which reason I have no clear idea, though a successful outcome would be that of finding X, I would choose a word synonymous with the word ‘where’, though the word itself is of less consequence than the objective to which it refers: that of locating X as previously indicated.”
“Eks?” “Am’reeki. Am’reeki!”
A good sign. Of all the words, the man managed to select X upon which to focus, a sign that he understands some English.
“Eks?” “Am’reeki. Am’reeki!”
“Yes, as I have previously noted, I am presently engaged in searching for the place about which it is said, ‘X lives there.’ Where is the most probable outcome of a successful search for it? It being anaphoric of course, referring back to the noun phrase used earlier, the one in which X was central.”
“Eks?” “Am’reeki!”
“X.”
“Laila,” he calls over his shoulder, to whom Raife doesn’t know, though when after a few seconds a high-pitched and fast-talking voice answers, he guesses is to the unseen wife.
“Mafi,” she calls back.
The man seems embarrassed. “Mafi,” he says, and shrugs his shoulders
“Am I to interpret your utterance ‘mafi,’ combined with the action of shrugging your shoulders, as an indication that you are presently unable to posit with any degree of accuracy the location of the place to which I earlier referred, the place in which living, X is?”
“Eks?”
“X.”
“Assif,” he says, and the door closes.
“Thanks anyway.” Raife steps away, bowing now and still perplexed as to why no one seems to understand him. He is trying to be as clear as possible but that seems to have no impact on the outcome of his search, that of locating the residence of X, residence being defined as the place where one lives. Of course, the noun itself doesn’t imply ownership, thus it may be the case that X doesn’t own the place wherein living it could be said that he is, though not that he will be, nor has been, only that presently, at the time of the event, X is living there.
It could also be the case then that X, having been described as one living at a certain location, may not be eating there, or performing any other local ritual. Perhaps X only goes to the place wherein the suggestion has been put forth that he lives for a few seconds each day. How many seconds are required to be spent at a particular place before it can be said of someone that they ‘live there,’ or that not living anywhere else simultaneous with the act of uttering the sentence required to refer to one living at the place, it can be said without ambiguity that…that what?
“I’m confused.” Raife’s eyes begin to burn, the sweat now pouring down at a hastier hasty pace than before, when at a slower pace, that is a pace measurably less than the pace now observable upon his head, that being observable beneath a lack of hair, it flowed with less haste.
He pauses again, looking either way, up and down the street, trying to determine what to do: continue forward, or give up the search. He still has to pee. Across the street are a few suffocating trees and bushes but not enough coverage to hide oneself in the act of peeing. Pulling it out here could be trouble, or if nothing else, he could get nothing to come out – there being so much stress and all.

Damn. Raife stands nervously behind an elderly fellow, who seems nice enough, but then they all do until a mistake is made and out comes a long knife glistening in the desert sun, a gentle curve along the entire length until the final point where it all comes together in surgical sharpness. Raife smiles when the man glances at him briefly.
The man smiles back, his white beard and wrinkled eyes suggesting kindness, exactly the thing you’ve got to watch out for. It’s the nice looking ones that get you in the end.
Another man comes out from behind the corner where the line stops, and squeezes past those who are still waiting. Raife watches him as he heads directly for the washroom. Yes, he is removing his sandals and preparing to wash his feet. Damn. Raife wonders again how he’ll manage to wash his feet when wearing tennis shoes. Where will he put the shoes, or the socks? Will he then walk out bare-footed, and if so, what will they do? The floor is too dirty to walk over, and then after having done so, cover the feet with clean white socks. That would be dirty. Perhaps he can carry his shoes and socks out, and then wash his feet on the beach. But then, what kind of stir would that cause?
Maybe I should just give up, he thinks, and leave the piss until later. The line moves forward again. Still he can’t see around the corner, into what situation he is getting himself. If he has to pee in front of all these Saudis he’s screwed. He’ll never be able to do it.
Now a young Saudi of about fifteen perhaps, but no more, begins staring at Raife intently. He’s chubby, with bottomless black eyes and thick black hair – like all the rest. Raife senses the boy knows he’s nervous, so he tries to look tough. If he squeezes close enough to the stall, no one will notice if he doesn’t actually piss. He can just stand there a few seconds, indicate with facial gestures that he’s now relieving a burden, then close up the whole deal and get out. But the washing. How is he going to wash his feet? He looks again, trying to make a plan. There’s not enough room for a pair of shoes and socks, or any place to sit down. It’s just a ground level sink in a small closet with enough space for a pair of sandals to be placed on the floor near the feet of the foot washer. But even then, they seem to get soaked from the washing.

This is bad. Raife scans the area. There are no indications that anyone will assist him with his effort to take hold of his question and answer it. And it’s such a simple question really: just where does X live? That’s all. So why, he wonders, is he having so much trouble getting the answer he needs? Why, after trying so hard to be unambiguous, can he not find a person, just one person, capable of answering such a simple question?
He looks at the row of houses ahead of him and decides to pick another one, any other one, and try again. He chooses the one with nothing peculiar about it, the one appearing exactly like all the others.
Closed up and sealed.
He ringsss.
Bonggggggg … bongggggg
“The question you have is easy, the query you handle brief. The door before which you stand will open soon, sending a little creak.”
Bonggggggg … bongggggg
“But from therein will nothing come, from therein is nothing to be had; the answer to the question you ponder, is fixed in gentler hands.”
He hears a voice on the other side. It approaches the door.
It opens.
“Uh?”
“Why X is living where he is, is of no concern to me, only the location of such a place, that about which it can be said that ‘he is living’, is?”
“Uh?”
“How might my search for the living-place of X be facilitated if facilitating my search for X can be explained as helping me to find it?”
“You fixingk the refrigtherator?”
“No, in searching for the living place of X, I hope to find it.”
“Oh. Eks fixingk the refrigtherator?”
“No, X is he of whom I am presently engaged in trying to locate the place.”
“Oh. I don’ta know her.”
“It’s likely that X to whom I refer is not appropriately called her, though that is of no consequence really. What is of consequence is locating the place to which going, X will be there when I arrive.”
“Eks uh?”
“X.”
“Sarry.”
“Mafi mooshkela.” Raife turns away. By now his clothes are muck, wet drapes clinging immodestly to saturated skin. His five-liter bottle of water is nearly empty. The air is motionless. Somewhere nearby a few insects can be heard, though how they can survive in this heat is hard to imagine. It seems as though only death would be the outcome of any attempts to do so. Death would be the result, death the end in the desert – attempts to live in the desert.
Death is what brought him to Montana. The insects had spoken to him of death, had shouted it at him over and over again while he squatted in the forest on the rough surface of a vaulted rock, suspended over a modest stream. More than once they had cried “death,” and though he hadn’t been able to understand it at the time, he slowly later learned why it was “death” they had spoken, why “death” the wings had buzzed in a frequency similar to his own.
The insects were the first of the pre-rational voices he had learned to listen for. The first voice in a series of voices that would eventually lead him across the entire country, weeping. Other voices had followed. Those of thunder, water, light, wind, dogs and trees. The voices were many, and the voices steered the car as he wept along behind, wondering why he had heard “death” so many times, and in so many different forms.
It was, he later learned, for the simple reason that he was going to die. That’s all. Not physically, or at least he hasn’t yet anyway, but in another way, a way he hadn’t understood. The death spoken of was a healing, was like the cold winter silence before the boisterous rains of spring, after which the earth would spill forth her glory and the air sting the lungs with tearful clarity.
At the rest stop where he had paused to phone Maria, to tell her he was near and to ask her for directions to a house not far from where he was and for which he was desperately seeking, he noticed a man leaning against the top rail of a fence on the other side of the parking lot. He was an Indian, another one of the voices he had grown accustomed to listening for. It was uncanny how much wisdom was to be found outside the sophisticated rhetoric of the universe city. Amazing how much more life was available without books and arguments and theories and hypothetico-reducto ad-absurdums.
It seemed that in one sense he had learned nothing during the years he had spent as a PhD student on the east coast, nothing from of all the books he had read, from all the professors and intellectuals and “truth-seeking” fellows. Not one of them had anything to say worth staying for. Oh, sure, the knowledge was valuable, true enough, and for this he was grateful. But when it came down to answering the final question, the why, that small yet persistent, inevitable why that seemed larger than all the hows, whats, nature ofs, composed ofs, essentially constituted bys, and ultimately derived froms, they were incapable; so he left.
And then years later, after lectures from the insects, seminars from the wind, sermons from the water and a verdict from the mighty thunder – the final voice in the series of voices – he packed all his things in a car and drove twenty-three hundred miles in three days of non-stop weeping, only to end up at a rest stop where one relatively plain fellow said what Raife could never have expected to hear, what he hadn’t imagined could have been known, or thought, by anyone else, anywhere. After a year of dedicated listening to the insects, hiding in the woods and listening, going out any available hour for the simple purpose of listening; rising early to listen, staying behind on weekends to listen, simply listening with passion to the insects, Raife met an Indian at a rest stop. He was returning from a Pow-Wow and after Raife had introduced himself and asked him what the latest word was, the man looked at Raife with eyes as black and bottomless as these Saudis’ and said: “The main medicine-man these days says, ‘listen to the insects’.”
It was at that moment when the one single drop of rain fell directly from Raife’s eyes where it was originally formed and burst in a crystal shattering on cool pavement at his feet, that he knew; he knew that things were far less graspable than his former theories had claimed. Whatever the answer to why was, it wasn’t to be found going in, but going out. Not getting smaller, but getting bigger. Not through division but through synthesis.
It was the first drop of love.

Raife stares at the drops of sweat falling from his head and trickling repeatedly to the ground, leaving small spots on the sidewalk. He wonders if he’ll ever find X’s, or if he’ll even survive the day. He’s out of water now, and the sun is only getting hotter. He’d better try another door quickly. Maybe there’s still a chance. He chooses one randomly and approaches.
He ringssss.
Bonggggggg … bongggggg
“Such a simple question you ask, such a simple bit of words, why then do you make it so tough, so difficult to be heard?”
Bonggggggg … bongggggg
“It’s all very simple really, all very neat. It’s only that you ask the right question, inquire with basic speech.”
He hears voices on the other side, many of them. They are approaching the door.
It opens.
“Hellaaa …”
“Having been so led to locate the place of which it is said, ‘X lives there’, at which place would you point if in so pointing you were indicating the location thereof?”
“You Amerikan?”
“Yes.”
“Why you lookingk eggs?”
“I myself have asked that question, though of greater consequence to me is not why but how, that is to say how I might be directed if finding the place of X is my goal.”
“What means cons…consa…consthigint?”
“The item to which you refer, “consequence’, is a noun, at least in the context it was most recently used, when inquiring regarding the location of the place about which it is said, ‘X lives there,’ I asked you. However, it is of no import other than directing your response in a way that will assist me in my present search for the location of the place X has either chosen, or been forced to live in. Are you in a position to clarify exactly the meaning of ‘nearby’ if used to indicate the general location of X’s, it being said of him that ‘he is living there,’ ‘nearby’, that is?”
“I don’ta underdstan. What’s mean neerby?”
“‘Nearby’ might be called an adverb in its most recent context, but again, of no import is the meaning of ‘nearby’, other than reducing the size of possible area in which looking for the place where X is living, I am trying to find it.”
“Livingk?”
“Indeed, ‘living’ is ambiguous, in the sense that it can be used in any number of contexts or in any number of functions. One might say ‘it is a living thing’, or ‘he is living there’, or even as a noun in ‘the living are fortunate’, but again, delineating the potential functions of ‘living’ is of no value to me, though its usefulness in locating the place where it satisfactorily describes what X is doing there, I can appreciate.”
“English not so good.”
“Then allow me to simplify. Having engaged in a course of action for which I am presently unable to explain, I find myself at a point in both temporal and spatial contexts about which it can be said accurately by me, ‘I am lost,’ which really is quite ironic when one contemplates the possibility that it could be said, ‘I began lost,’ in that locating the place for which I am looking, I didn’t know where it was…”
SLAM!
“…thus it can be argued that having no discrete outcome in mind, no spatial coordinates representing the place which I set out to find, I was lost from the outset. The moment I began searching for the location of X, where it is claimed he is living, I had no idea how to increase the likelihood of reducing the error involved in the process of looking for something about which knowing I didn’t. Does that make any sense…?”

Damn. Raife is growing increasingly nervous. The toilet is packed with Saudi’s, and all of them are washing their feet after stepping up to stalls he as of yet cannot see. He’s in trouble now. There’s no way out, yet there’s no way he can wash his feet without making a big mess and perhaps breaking some kind of taboo. There are people everywhere, thus reducing his chances for a successful flight. If he tries that, he’s doomed for sure. And Jube is still outside waiting. What if they grab him instead, punish him for his friend’s violation of custom?
He begins trembling, though not noticeably. The line moves forward another person-length or two, and he can now see around the corner. Yes! There are stalls. He can duck in one of those and relieve himself with ease. In fact, there are only stalls, no open pissers at all. What a deal! He feels better for a moment, but then realizes he still isn’t out of the toilet yet. His feet. How will he wash his feet?
He looks again at the tiny foot-washing room. It seems as though everyone who has completed their task of elimination is washing their feet. They all take their time, with religious zeal churn their hands among each other, fingers intertwining rigorously, removing the soil, the waste that comes from within. They then lean over and rinse the face, the arms and elbows, behind the ears – the nose. It’s a bath almost. So well done, yet so impossible with shoes on. Raife is wearing tennis shoes. The only one in the whole damn country wearing tennis shoes. Damn. This is going to be bad.
Now he really has to piss.

Raife constricts that part of the anatomy responsible for restraining urine from flowing out of the small opening at the tip of his penis. He really has to piss, yet he still hasn’t found X, even though he doesn’t know why he is looking for X, and there’s no place to piss. His own apartment is behind him somewhere, lost, that is, a place where he was living but is now not living, but leaving accidentally.
Now he walks aimlessly up the streets of Al-Khaleej, looking for where X lives. Where does X live, he wonders…where? He decides there’s nothing else to do but keep looking, asking anyone who might answer the door, anyone from whom, inquiring, he expects at least some kind of an answer, though perhaps not the one that having been offered will do anything to reduce the degree of uncertainty responsible for his inability to narrow the boundaries of his search to the exact place at which once arriving, it will no longer be accurate to claim “he is lost,” but about which it can only be said “though once lost, he is now not lost,” ‘now’ being the moment at which it was said.
He chooses another street, Sharee 4, about a hundred meters from where he now stands, far from where he desires to be standing, the final outcome of his search: X’s residence.
The houses on the street still look exactly like all the houses on the other sharees: beige, thickly insulated against both heat and eyes – the women so desirable that looking upon them is forbidden, at least looking upon anyone who isn’t your one, the one at whom, married, you are allowed to look.
He chooses again, randomly, a nice house just a few feet ahead. A couple bicycles in the driveway indicate nothing other then that at some given place and time at least two bicycles were manufactured, and for some reason ended up on their sides in the driveway ahead. It may be the case that children do not live there at all. And it may be the case that X is a child, or that X is a woman, in which case he would be unable to look at her, or even talk to her. If he couldn’t see her, if she was a her, X that is, or talk to her, that is X, then what’s the use of looking for X when looking at X will be impossible? What is the use of finding X, when X, having been found, is unable to be spoken to by Raife, who having found her, cannot even ask her why, having found her, he can’t even ask her why he did so?
It doesn’t make any sense.
He ringssss.
Bonggggggg … bongggggg
“Ringing again, are we? Pushing another bell, hoping those from within will have something useful to tell.”
Bonggggggg … bongggggg
“Again the ring, again the high-pitched sound, perhaps this time you’ll learn of something, but likely with a frown.” 
He hears a voice on the other side of the door. It’s only one. A woman’s.

When he finally arrived in Montana, when he finally reached the door of the woman to whom he had written a hundred passionate pages and from whom he had received the same, he was greeted by a face he didn’t expect: that of Maria’s.
It seemed she had looked different in his dreams, in his memory. It seemed as though she was taller, or of a different shade of white. It seemed impossible that this woman over whom he had cried a thousand tears, over whom he had woken up in the middle of the night weeping and had refrained from eating because of, was the woman standing before him. This woman was human.
Human.
“Why?” he had asked the universe. “Why?” he lifted to the trees, the high altitude air of Montana under which they fought every day. Air they breathed, air they required for living. He thought it would be easy, thought it would be the end of his search. But it wasn’t. It was the beginning of his death, the start of a long journey in which the ultimate end was death. Starvation, dehydration, the opening of wounds buried so deeply a mighty wind roared from their depths; debris was ejected with great force and the hole left behind slowly closed after much weeping.
Woman did that to him, imperfect, real, non-ethereal woman.
It opens.
“Yes?” A lovely woman stands in front of him, her body covered in black but her face unveiled.
“Long ago I set out with the simple goal of eliminating all possible incorrect choices in a search for X, but have until this point eliminated only a few of the possible incorrect outcomes, and am slowly realizing that a successful search for X may be more easily accommodated by finding the person of whom it can be said, ‘the person knows X,’ and inquiring of that person whether the proposition ‘the person knows X’ is indeed true, and if so, then inquiring of the person about whom knowing X is true, where it is that X lives.”
“I am X.”
“You?”
“We all are.”

It was the fat, logical argument that Maria didn’t understand. She had some other theories, those for which no evidence existed, those for which testing failed and neither reliability nor validity could be established. They were untestable hypotheses, unprovable assumptions and as such, were dubious at best, useless to say the least. Spirit, dreams, love, emotion – things of no quantifiable nature. Those she had to use to defend herself against Raife and his fat words. In the past he might have tried harder to convert her, but it was too late: he had already met the Indian. By then he was pretty sure things were not as he had originally expected or had been trained to believe they were. Things were not reducible to physiological events, the action of particles too small to be seen. It wasn’t the case, he began to accept, that answering the why required reduction, required longer words and more complex theories. It was of no value to cut things into smaller segments, view them with more capable apparati. No, the why was answered only by letting go, by filling in all the gaps, by joining things together, by recognizing that everything is one, that the most important voice is the complete one, and with the first slice of the knife it becomes two, and that disjoined, is incapable of communion.
The greatest problem seemed to be with the brain, not the brain itself, but the brain he had learned was the effective brain: the brain able to analyze things into microscopic structures involved in complex actions describable by complex equations and hence understood, though not really. It was the brain that could define things in terms of components and processes, in terms of cause and effect, reducible units along temporal dimensions. The brain he had learned to cultivate was the western brain of reason. And that was the brain the Indian, the insects, the woods, the trees and the fearless thunder didn’t possess. Oh, the Indian could reason, but the Indian was not reasonable, at least not by western standards. Nor was the dog, nor the bear – the one that charged Raife in the early evening and in so doing, confirmed his flaws: a brain easily splattered by a paw twice the size of a hemisphere. Raife realized in that instant, as well as the instant in Botswana when lost on the Savannah two hundred meters from a pride of lions, that he was nothing. His theory, his intellect, his reason, his disjoined, discontinuous, disexceptional brain, was nothing.
Because of an Indian he had never met, and an improbable moment when he had stopped to make a phone call, his ignorance was confirmed: the futility of going in. Listening had taken him out, all the way out of a brain trapped in its own cell.

“We all are,” she spoke gently, with a voice not unlike Maria’s. Smooth, yet deep, like the surface of the Arabian Gulf through which looking, one sees another bottom. “You are X, and so am I. We are all X.”
Raife didn’t reply immediately. He merely stared into her eyes, the deepest he had seen besides those of Maria herself. There was a bottom, but it was his own. “If you are confirming that the proposition ‘I know X’ is true, then it must also be true that knowing X means being able to locate X.”
“We live there.” She pointed to Raife himself, to an area beyond his head.

Raife is next in line. His bladder is about ready to burst. Though grateful there’s a door to the stall he will soon enter, he is also totally stressed about what to do after he spills his wee. Should he wash his feet? How can he possibly wash his feet with tennis shoes and socks – and where will he put them?
The door opens and a man steps out, his head facing down out of modesty; after all, he just came out of the toilet. Raife steps inside. There is a standard toilet, and alongside, attached to the wall, is the small hose for rinsing it after it has been used. He is used to the process by now. He pulls down the elastic-waist athletic pants he wears for a few weeks at a time, removes his penis with his left hand, and releases the flow.

Raife stares at the woman. She smiles at him, apparently unafraid of the consequences of speaking with a man in broad daylight on the average street in the average Saudi neighborhood. In fact, she seems totally at ease.
“There.” She points again.

Raife looks down into the toilet bowl, into the water. Fear, that’s it. Reason was fear. Reason was looking down at the ground when walking, of going too slowly on his motorcycle because he stared with too much detail at the space in front of him. He didn’t know how to feel his way around. He watched his steps, peered into reality with a magnifying glass before his eyes, bringing out every detail to the exclusion of every whole. Or was it a telescope, bringing near the far away, and making the near impossible to see. It was always that over there he considered, that possibility, that what-if that never came, but lived only in the moment unexperienced for the nothing that isn’t.
Maria broke him of that habit. She felt beyond the seams, looked in every direction at once, saw everything at the same time and kept her head up, her eyes loose and her ears open. The future wasn’t a possibility that will one day be has been, but one that is now created, that one day will be – and that day will be again.

“There.” She points again, beyond his head.

Raife tucks his penis back into its proper place and rinses the rim of the toilet. He then steps out of the stall and into the open waiting area. It is full. At least a dozen men are standing around and watching him, waiting to see if he’ll wash his feet. He is a stranger, the unclean one, his turn to be the Kaffir now, and so recently out of South Africa where the term was used less and less in public, and more and more in private. He steps up to the sink. Next to him is an elderly fellow scrubbing his face before he enters the closet, washing the upper part so he is clean enough to wash the lower part. Is that it, then? Raife merely rinses his hands lightly, not even a little soap. He steps away from the sink and looks out the door. What to do? Wash the feet or what? He hesitates momentarily, trying to sort it out, nervously wondering what is the appropriate thing to do, and the undesirable consequences of not doing it.
“Alllaaaaaaaaahhhhhhu Akbar!”
Just then the Muezzin begins calling the prayer.
“Alllaaaaaaaaahhhhhhu Akbar!”
“It is there.” The woman points again to Raife, somewhere beyond his head.
“Ashhaaaadu aaan la ilaaaha illaaaa-Llah!”
“Here?”
“Ashhaaaadu aaan la ilaaaha illaaaa-Llah!”
He looks down at his tennis shoes, then to the sink, then at the faces of those waiting to pee. He doesn’t know what to do. He begins fumbling, looking awkwardly into their faces. They are watching him, each one, ready to take action if he fails.
“Ashadu aaanna Muhammadan rasulu-Llah!”
There’s no way he can wash his feet without botching the whole job, and maybe he’s not supposed to anyway. O what to do? 
“Ashadu aaanna Muhammadan rasulu-Llah!”
“The answer what you seek is there,” she says.
“Hayyaaaaa alaaa-s-salaaaah!”
“Here?” he asks.
“Hayyaaaaa alaaa-s-salaaaah!”
He rubs his hands together nervously and begins heading for the door. He’s forced to lean this way and that, twist a bit here and there to get through, always watching the faces, always seeking in one of them, one of the men’s faces, the solution. Who can help him? What will happen if he doesn’t wash his feet?
“Hayyaaaaa alaaa-l-falaaaah!”
He approaches the door. They are all watching. He is stiff and awkward. The sink is there, to his right. Wash the feet / don’t take the chance, he hesitates, looking around. Wash / don’t. He pauses. The door is just there. The sink there.
He stutters on his feet, looks out through the door, at the sink, holds his breath, and decides suddenly there is only one logical thing to do: step into the light.
“There.” She says.
“Where?” He asks, squinting against the brightness.
“Hayyaaaaa alaaa-l-falaaaah!”
“Isma’aee!” Just then a shout comes from nearby, causing him to freeze. He looks around and sees a man pointing directly at him, probably at his feet, his unwashed feet. Raife takes a few wobbly steps, now self-conscious, and then notices people are beginning to converge from all over, running angrily through the sand and kicking up clouds of dust, coming, it seems, directly at him. One of them, a tall man in front of the pack, speeds directly up to him, stares into his eyes and then turns to the others, “Khallik min shajara, shuf khul l’raba!” He speaks excitedly, with a dark face and enormous eyes.
“Sah.” The crowd stops just behind him, panting and sweating. The man turns back to Raife, his eyes much larger now and his face, his dark and bearded face, expressing an emotion Raife has never before seen. Raife tries to speak, tries to squeeze out just one word, but his lips, his tongue, his mouth – are stuck.
“There,” she says, loving black holes for eyes.
Suddenly the man, apparently angered by Raife’s failed attempt to reply, grabs him by the neck and, before Raife can even blink, throws him lung-first onto the ground. “Hatha ykhaf min dhela!” he cries out. “Khallina na’aljah!”
Raife is now trapped under the man’s sandaled foot and notices through the blur of activity that more people are gathering, all screaming now and pointing – pointing their sun-burned fingers at his feet, his unwashed feet covered with white socks and white tennis shoes. He tries to move, to breathe, but he can’t. He is on his face in the sand and it is in his eyes, his ears, his mouth.
“Alllaaaaaaaaahhhhhhu Akbar!”
“Here?” he asks.
“Yes, just there,” she says, pointing again to Raife. Though not to his head, not to the part with which he so identifies, the part in which long words are constructed and grand theories written in copula-free sentences; the part in which excuses are manufactured and fearful sentences of protective utility; the part over which he no longer has control, the part that with a,

thud

...falls into the sand.

“There,” she smiles.





12. criteria, and the criterion of Ra'ad



“Wow, look at that.” Raife stared into the page of the book, watching as the images printed on the white surface began bluring before his eyes. Another word, the last one of the day, stood out among all the others as the one to be contended with most. It was four syllables too long and four thousand times too difficult to explain, even to himself. “Gosh, what can I say?” He raised his eyes for a moment, looked out the window, and then returned them to the word, that damn final word.
“Criteria,” he whispered, remembering it right away as one of the most important words he had learned in graduate school, one of the words that would eventually change his life – such a powerful word it was. He hadn’t thought words could be powerful, but by the time he was finished with grad school, all the heavy books included, he realized just how powerful they could be, especially ‘criteria’, the plural, and ‘criterion’, its form in the singular.
It was a word that had come slowly over many dark and wintry months, but that once established as a presence, settled so deeply into his subconscious that all new words would eventually be judged by ‘criteria’ itself, which was what made ‘criteria’ so powerful. It was the word from which all words could be measured, or even better, evaluated – and not just words, but everything else for that matter. That is to say, according to what criterion do you define? or What criteria are used to measure? What are the criteria with which we evaluate? And that’s how it worked – ‘criteria’ was always there, under every other word a fulcrum over which a word was levered and its contents shaken free. It was no longer the case that he studied theories, or particular philosophies, but it became their criteria that were important, what allowed each particular theory or philosophy to exist. ‘Criteria’ was like the axis around which the earth turned, the hinge upon which the door swung, the wedge by which things were split open and their contents revealed. Everything was what it was because of the criteria upon which it was based, and the surface, the thing first viewed, the thing behind or below which the depths were hidden, was inconsequential. ‘Criteria’ was the bottom of things, and there was no bottom.
“‘Criteria’. Boy that’s a tough one.” He raised his head from the vocabulary book again and looked directly at his forty students, half of them already deep asleep and the other half about to nod off. It was Wednesday afternoon right after lunch: the worst possible time to be learning. It was also the last day of the week, with two more classes to go. But worst of all it was reading class, the final worst possible in a system of worst-possibles. That was another word, ‘system’ – one could do a lot with ‘system’ once they recognized it was unreasonable to speak of objects or phenomenon, but systems; everything was a system, or at least one component of a system, gaining its identity and losing it at the same time.
“‘Criteria’, hmmmmmmm. Gee I don’t know what to say about that one.” He looked at their faces. Those still awake were waiting, hoping for an easy solution to this word, the last of a long list. A few heads were bobbing noticeably and those already face down on the desk were emitting a few streaks of drool from half-opened mouths. Good kids they were, though, in spite of all the things they did on the surface that might lead one to conclude they weren’t. And vulnerable as well. A week ago during the same reading class a few Air Force jets had flown past. Raife knew they were Air Force jets by the way the sound appeared: not for long. Just a brief roar and then it was gone – a few seconds later, another. When Raife heard the noise he walked over to the window to look.
“Teechr, break!”
Break means class is over, but it wasn’t, it was only halfway finished.
“No, not break. Still thirty minutes.”
“Hussein, teechr. He is come to make us died.”
Raife looked at Al-Harbi, a pudgy fellow who always sat in the last row. He was the only one who, in spite of total boredom caused by a book far too advanced and a sun far too relentless, contributed consistently and often with some funny things, like what he had just said.
“He can come. We will fight together. I’m not afraid.” It was true. Raife wasn’t afraid, a result of two years of riding dirt bikes in the Maluti mountains of Lesotho with the mighty Helmut Moore, and the dream he had had some days before, the second one that is, the one where it seemed he was converted, or rather, healed, but healed from what?
“He will died us, teechr.” It was only because Al-Harbi was cute in the vulnerable sense of the word, that it sounded amusing. Otherwise it was heartbreaking. He was afraid, terribly afraid. They all were, all far too vulnerable and non-violent by nature to compete with any kind of enemy, especially one reputedly so rapacious as the one mentioned.
Raife hesitated for a moment before responding to Al-Harbi’s comment and looked more closely at his face. It was round and perfectly smooth, with absolutely no trace of hostility. His eyes were like all the others, big and black, and his hair – what could be seen of it – was hanging below the dagia, that little white cap. It was jet black and curly. He was sitting half slouched in his seat, a pack of cigarettes visible in his bulging pocket and his rubbery hands on his chest. He looked completely helpless.
Raife wandered a little closer and stopped not too far away from him, watching as Al-Harbi followed his steps. When he got just a few feet away he realized, quite suddenly, that he’d fight side-by-side right next to Al-Harbi as a brother, no questions asked, if necessary. Would even die if it came to that. “We are brothers. We will fight together. Mafi mooshkela.”
They all laughed at that, the way they do, suddenly, and then the whole class would fall apart for at least five minutes, as it would soon if Raife didn’t do something different. They would never make sense of ‘criteria’, the word behind all words, the chisel, the scalpel, the spike. Yes, the spike.
“I have a question for you,” he said, ready to change the subject.
They always got a kick out of it when he asked them an irrelevant question, the best way to get things going, especially when there are only a few minutes left and he is staring at a word like ‘criteria’, the one given to him originally by his favorite professor. “What is a one-syllable name sounds like ‘Saif’?”
“Huh?” Saif snapped awake, and begun fumbling with his unopened books.
“‘Saif’. What is a one-syllable name begins with ‘R’, but is like ‘Saif’?” Raife didn’t just want to ask them the meaning of ‘Raife’, which was his ultimate goal, or if it was even a word, because that might lead them too much. What he wanted was a name to replace ‘Raife’, the one he had chosen one day on a whim to use temporarily for the main character of a book. He wanted something authentic to replace it, something Arabic. “I want a one-syllable name like ‘Saif’, but begins with ‘R’.”
“‘R?’”
“Yeah, ‘R’.”
“‘Ra’ul’,” someone shouted. “’Ra’ul’ is good name.” They began conferring among themselves.
“One syllable. You know, one syl-a-ble. Syl-a-ble?”
“Yes teechr,” Al-Hakeem, said, “we know.” He was frightfully clever, and as observant.
“So give me one syllable name like ‘Saif’, but begins with ‘R’.” 
They conferred among themselves for some time; many names were put forward, but none of one syllable.
“What about ‘Raife’? Is that a word, or name?”
“‘Raife’? It doesn’t anything, sir.”
“Nothing?”
More conference, more suggestions, more syllables than wanted.
“‘Ra’ul’ is good name, sir.”
“What means ‘Ra’ul’?”
“Means something sir.”
“Is Arabic?”
“No sir. Is name from TV.”
“No, I want Arabic name! Forget one syllable. What about two syllables. Give two-syllable name begins ‘R’.” Raife figured if one was too few, then two should be fine. It didn’t take much to change a name, or any word for that matter. Just find and replace – half a second on his new computer.
“‘Rod’, sir. ‘Rod’.”
“‘Rod’?” Raife asked, pleased with the apparent simplicity of the word. “How do you spell ‘Rod’?” He then turned to the board, ready with his chalk-covered hand to write it.
“‘R,’ ‘Ah’…”
“‘A’?”
“Yes, ‘Ah’.”
“‘R’, ‘A’. Now what, ‘D’?”
“No sir. Two ‘Ah’.”
“Two? ‘A’, ‘A’?”
“‘Ah’, ‘Ah’, ‘D’, sir.”
Raife wrote it, ‘Raad’, on the board. “It’s nice, hey? I like that one. ‘Raad’,” he said it aloud, already liking the way it grew from the throat, especially that initial ‘R’.
“No sir. ‘Ra’ad’,” they said.
“Oh, you mean this one?” Raife wrote an inverted comma between the ‘A’s, representing a voiced pharyngeal fricative, a pause that is less spoken than it is half-gulped. In this case it sounded as if one said ‘rah-odd’, like ‘rod’ with a nearly indistinguishable break in the middle so that you got two parts: the ‘rah’ and the ‘odd’. ‘Ra –odd’, but said from deep in the throat, nearly gagged out more or less.
“Yes, sir. ‘Ra’ad’.”
“‘Ra’ad’,” Raife said, already prepared to go home and change all the ‘Raifes’ to ‘Ra’ads. “Is name for person?”
“It means the …”
“‘Criteria’, sir. What means the ‘criteria’?” Al-Hakeem interrupted whoever was speaking, something Raife found surprising. It wasn’t often they’d revert to a sleepy lesson from a pause intended to snap them out of it.
“‘Criteria’?” he asked. “I think it doesn’t matter. Maybe tomorrow we do ‘criteria’.”
“‘Stan-dard’? It mean ‘stan-dard’?”
“Yeah, yeah. That’s good. ‘Standard’.” Raife wrote ‘standard’ on the board next to ‘criteria’, itself next to ‘Ra’ad’. “‘Standard’ close, but not perfect. ‘Criteria’ is…is ummm.” He paused again, trying to decide what to do with ‘criteria’, the word of words, the underword. A lot could be done with ‘criteria’, but to teach it to those barely able to speak English? They would never use it. “‘Criteria’ is…is the basis for making decisions, or having beliefs. Okay?”
“Beefs?”
“I give example.” Again a pause, looking for an example. That was the thing about ‘criteria’. One could understand it, but could one learn it, could it be taught outside of some pragmatic context of use, some need to know it? It was an interesting thing, a word, what it means, how it works, where and when it should or could be used. And ‘criteria’ was especially tough. How to find an example…

Raife stands there thinking, below the lights in the large bedroom, the one in which months ago he paced nervously, hungrier than he had ever been before, and just as disoriented. The room is still nearly empty, though many nights has he slept here, on the big bed, the bed on the golden carpet.
The lights reflect off his smooth head and his cheekbones cast shadows over a thinning face; much walking and not enough eating, though no longer is he that hungry. No, many answers have come. The Imam has been praying.
He digs through his carry-on, looking for the final solution. It is there: what he has been searching for, the answer to the question tearing his brain in half. He takes it out, holds it under the lights, examines it, then squeezes it tightly in his hand. It will solve his problems. Only it can.
He steps away from the closet where a half-empty carry-on has been sitting for a few months. It’s quiet in the room save the slight hum of the air conditioner, the ubiquitous, but encouraging noise.
He listens to it for a moment, the purring ceaseless hum of cool air arriving through narrow vents.
Noisssssssssse.

Finally he got an idea. “Okay. Imagine you want to buy car. How you decide which car?”
“Teechr! The bee em dobble.”
“Why the BMW?”
“Fast, teechr! Fast!”
“Okay, good. Is fast. ‘Fast’ is criterion, see? Another criterion?”
“Espensif!”
“Yes, I think so. Another criterion?”
“Teechr! I know Glodia Shiffrd. I have heer number my mobile.”
“No, no, no.” Raife was careful to steer them away from sensitive topics, like women, the most sensitive of them all, and the most unseen. “We have two criteria, two reasons why we like BMW.”
“Teechr! You like the bee em dobble?”
“No. I like a quiet car. Quiet.”

Sound was Raife’s fundamental criterion for all things. Ever since he discovered he had tinnitus, he had become obsesssssed with sound, wore earplugs half of every day. “I like a quiet car,” he said, thinking about how noise, or sound, had totally shaped his life. It was the ultimate criterion he applied in all situations to evaluate his reality. Every imaginable object or event could be evaluated in terms of its sound. He bought a four-stroke dirt-bike because of sound, or noise; accepted certain jobs based upon how much noise was in the area, went or did not go places due to constraints of noise. Noise was everything. He would one day build a house with electric baseboard heating due its quiet operation, would build a cooling tower due to its quiet cooling capabilities, would use a manual lawn mower if he had a lawn, would prefer an area of woods away from roads due to noise, would place his refrigerator in a separate room, or embed it in a well-insulated cupboard to soak up noise. He hated noise, but loved the crystal tinketing of utter silence, perfect, gorgeous, ineffable ssssssilenccccce.
Noise was his criterion for living, and the ubiquitous tinnitus in his ears had taught him how to listen, had shown him the value of pursuing the criterial argument all the way through. Noise, or sound, was how he had found his wife.
Thunder had whispered her name.

The air conditioner hummmssss. Raife stands below the lights, the answer to his problem in his hand, his right one. His shoulder is eighty percent now; it seems the South African doctor was right after all, in spite of the fact that he had charged ninety percent less than the American doctor. More expensif doesn’t mean more better.
He moves to an open area in the room near the foot of the bed where his wife will soon lie beside him, and on the floor next to them his buddy Ku, curled tightly in a ball or flat on his back with his legs sticking upward, comfortable, safe. He opens his hand, looks at the object in it, sees how shiny it is, and prepares to toss it in the air when he notices two more sitting on the dresser.
Uh oh, he thinks – and staressssss.

“Quite, teechr?”
“No, quiet. I like qui-et.”

He walks over to the dresser and picks up one of the objects. It is also shiny, but the images on the surface are different. It is a Saudi coin, damn – and just when he thought he had it solved.
But after more thought on the matter, he decides it is perfect after all. A local coin should be used for a local decision. Yes, that’s it. “Heads-Honda, tails-Daewoo,” he says, speaking to himself as he would to another person. “It’s healthy to talk, even if to yourself,” Maria had once told him, long before he had climbed on the plane for Saudi and long before he’d had a chance to completely destroy himself with a sealed voice. As with most of her advice he took it to heart, and he often walked around the flat or in the desert telling himself things about himself that were positive. “Good job,” he would say. “You can do it. You’re a strong man. You’re beautiful,” and many other lovely phrases to hear when you’re alone. Nice noise, your own soft voice that is, when it has something good to say.

“Why quiet, teechr?”
“Don’t like loud noise. Is bad for the ears. Like to hear truth.”

After snatching the coin from the dresser, Raife returns to the open area at the foot of the bed where he’ll toss the coin in the air and watch as it turns over and over and then plop back into his hand. It’s perfect, he realizes. Use a local coin.
Flipping a coin is the default action to be used in selecting a car after his criterion of sound failed him. He’s been struggling all evening over a choice between cars, a Honda Civic and a Daewoo: which to buy. It’s a decision that needs to be made soon, since everyone on campus will be leaving for the summer and there will be no more rides to school, to town, to find a car. It’s one of these or wait – hot sweaty waiting in hundred-plus degree heat and hundred-percent humidity.
But which to buy is the problem, and by now his brain is mush. He’s torn between variables and methods, between this and that, between but this and but that, on and on, around and around he’s gone – circles getting smaller, speeds getting faster, no answers coming and he doesn’t know what to do. Probability theory was useless. For one thing, more and more possible variables kept appearing in the equation and things were getting far too complex. For another, there was the inevitable fact that the future was ultimately impossible to predict anyway, including the likelihood of any of the individual variables ever becoming a reality.
So he stands at the foot of an empty bed ready to flip a coin, aware that the probability of any one answer appearing is 50%, or fair enough. It is the final recourse to solve the impossible decision, the car-buying decision that always, always-always, drives him mad. Using the noise criterion in this case hasn’t helped; each car makes about the same amount of noise.
“Heads-Honda, tails-Daewoo,” and he stopsssssssss.
Which side is heads?

“What means the “truth’, teechr?”
“Uh…one word at a time.”

He examines the Saudi coin carefully. On one side is the same symbol he has seen before, what looks like a palm tree under which are two swords. Above and below is a beautiful script. On the other side is the number fifty in Arabic, underneath which is the date in Arabic. Above that is more lovely script and between the numbers is a small circle with more Arabic script inside.
So which is heads and which is tails?
He retrieves his American quarter. On one side is a head and on the other is a tree. This is a Connecticut quarter. He compares the two coins. The value of the coin on the American quarter is written on the head side, thus using that criterion, he guesses the side of the Saudi coin with the value must be the head side. But surely it isn’t appropriate to use one culture’s criteria to evaluate another culture’s coins, one culture’s criteria to evaluate another culture’s actions, or beliefs. Which is why ‘criteria’ was such a useful word. One could always look below the surface of any bottom for yet another bottom. And there was no bottom.
He decides to flip the American coin to determine the heads or tails of the local coin, though even that is based upon the criterion of equal probability, maybe not even a local value. Maybe the chance isn’t fifty percent, but it only seems that way when you perform an experiment a number of times and the answer is always the same. But who’s to say inductive experiment ultimately proves the deductive proposition? Can one ever prove anything? He recalls what they told him in grad school: “No” – but in four hundred and fifty trillion words.
After deciding arbitrarily which are the heads and tails of the local coin, Raife flips it.
Plink!
Over and over it turns, in the air light glitters, six of one, half dozen of the other, it all comes out in the wash.
Thud.
On the carpet it falls: Tails.
Seems reasonable enough, the Daewoo. So he goes to bed, breathing easily now, listening to the air conditioner hummmmmming…
“What kind of decision is that?”
Huuuummmmmmmmmmm…
“A flip of the coin, a toss of the hat.”
Huuuummmmmmmmmmm…
“Listen not for the motor, nor the sound of the car.”
Huuuummmmmzzzzzzzzzz…
“Listen for the bottom of your soul, my brother, listen for very far.”
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz…
“It’s lovely, eh?” Raife sits erect in the seat, staring over the steering wheel of the huge Suburban. It is smooth and loose, an indication that many miles of road have passed, and many tons of family. He’s so high he can see far in every direction. “Runs like new!” He relaxes in the seat, such a nice ride it is, firm and well planted, like a tank.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz…
“And I bet it’s safe, hey?” He stares over the desert, far over the desert.
“Like a tank, mate.”
His eyes follow the contours of the rolling surfaces, over the swells, between the dunes and up, up into the heavens.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz…
Above him the sky is gray and murky, hiding the upper half of the Eiffel Tower. It stretches into the darkness and beyond vision over a country from which half his genes have come. Sinister and unpredictable clouds swirl in waves around the steel beams, obscuring them, hiding the future, the upper reaches of ascent.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz…
Drawn by some inexplicable force, he begins climbing the tower. It is chilly and he has no coat. The steps are narrow and hard to negotiate, so he moves slowly and clings tightly to the rungs of the ladder with trembling hands, hands terrified of the unseen: what’s above the clouds.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz…
He reaches the highest platform in a matter of minutes and flops down face first. He’s sweating and the cold wind makes him shiver. There’s just enough room for one person to lie down or perhaps two to stand up, but he remains flat on his stomach, too afraid to look over the edge, too afraid to lift his eyes from the safety of the platform below and scan the distance. It’s just so far to the bottom, and the sky is so dark, so threatening.
And now a storm is coming.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz…
Suddenly a bitter wind erupts from nowhere and the tower responds by swaying back and forth. At first the movement is hardly noticeable but as the wind increases, the swaying increases and soon the tower is swaying so far back and forth it nearly touches the ground each time. Raife remains planted to the platform watching as the tower brushes the earth’s surface and then swings back up and over to the other side. The sound of the wind whipping through the steel structure is almost deafening, and in it he can hear signs that the storm is intensifying.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz…
Soon lightning and thunder fill the sky with sudden blasts of noise and blinding bursts of light. The wind increases even more, causing the tower to sway even further and further to either side, with even greater speed and ferocity. The steel girders creak and pop as a result of the extreme movement, but Raife knows if he can just hang on, somehow he’ll survive. He welds his fingers to the cold steel frame and closes his eyes, listening to the danger and wondering if it will be the last thing he ever hears.
Then it starts raining.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz…
Massive bullets of water are shot from the turbulent sky and shatter all around him in icy fragments. They sting the exposed skin of his hands, arms and neck,an d the side of his face turns red from the battering. It makes it even more difficult to hang on but the only other choice is to let go and get tossed from the tower and like the icy rain, splatter on the earth below, sometimes only inches away, at others, miles.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz…
Great spikes of lightning split the sky open and bellowing crashes of thunder pound the sky against Raife’s ears. Sudden squeaks and pops of the strained tower join the chaos of noise, but there’s nothing he can do except hang on and wait. He opens his eyes and sees people have emerged from somewhere and are staring up at him in awe, their white faces illuminated in the ghostly flashes of blinding light. Thousands are standing there motionless, staring, waiting for him to get thrown off perhaps, to die, to be ejected and spit into the ground.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz…
Suddenly the tower jerks violently and Raife loses his grip for a moment and falters on the slippery/icy surface. His feet and hands and arms and legs scramble to regain their grip and once they do he flattens himself against the deck of the ancient boat as it continues to rock back and forth on the icy waves. They swell and rise up and then leave an open hole behind them. Below their chilling depths, under the dark, impenetrable sea off the Irish coast is an unseen bottom. It is dark and unknown. A strange fragrance rises off the surface, familiar in a way, but distant.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz…
Soon the waves grow even taller and the holes behind them even deeper. The boat rises up with each wave, then plunges downward, rocking back and forth and tossing side to side. Great heaving tides of freezing water rush over the surface of the deck and across Raife’s fingers, washing all the heat out of him and sucking him into the shadowy water below. It is so secret and dark, who could ever know just how deep it is or what mysteries it hides. Raife tries not to think about the dangers of falling over and concentrates instead on holding onto the railing as the boat begins to move even more violently, rising up swiftly and falling with a crash into the dark holes – up and down it races, pitching him back and forth. His hands are now nearly numb. He struggles to feel them, to use them, to hang on.
And now a storm is coming.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz…
A great burst of lightning explodes in the sky and seconds later a great splitting thunder cracks it in half. A sudden wind follows, emerging from the depths and speeding over the surface of a sea surrounding a land from where half his genes have come. The boat rises rapidly with the swells and drops just as rapidly. With muted thuds it plunges into the liquid holes left behind – one stormy wave after another slams against the side of the boat. Raife clings frantically to the railing. His fingers are now so numb and his arms so weak and buttery, he is only seconds away from losing his grip and being coughed into the sea and drowned. His legs now start to shiver and grow numb as the water continues to beat persistently against the hull; and the wind roars overhead.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz…
Another sudden burst of lightning rips away the darkness just in time for Raife to see an enormous wave less than a hundred meters away, coming right for him, directly for him, rolling forward in a fluid eruption of power. It is taller than the mast of the boat and the frothy white top is curling over onto itself, beating down upon the sea and plunging ahead. A white thrashing foam leads it along, eating everything in its path and closing the distance with great speed. It is coming directly for the boat, for Raife. The meters are shrinking by the second. It is driving ahead fearlessly!
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz…
Closer!
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz…
Closer!
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz…
Just one second away now and he locks himself to the railing waiting for the explosion of icy water to that just now collides with the boat, thrusting it violently upward where it hangs momentarily in deadly silence, hovering, and then suddenly plunges back down onto the surface and penetrates the dark water and rises again on the following swell and rolls onto its side and,
SPLASH! Capsizes.
“MARIA!” He screams.
“MARIA!”
She was on the boat!
“MARIA!”
He reaches for the hull of the boat and grabs it with his bare hands, not thinking, not calculating – instinctually he grabs the hull of the boat and rips it out of the water.
“MARIA!”
He hurls the boat over the sea and begins searching the shadowy depths for Maria, screaming her name as if he was turning the universe inside out with his lungs.
“MARIA!”
There she is! She’s wearing a black t-shirt and she’s under the water. Lying on the bottom motionless, the waves washing over her and tossing her from side to side. He charges through the waves without thought, without fear, without analysis of the possibility of doing so and with a voice thundering,
“MARIA!”
. . .and reaches down and grabs her. Lifts her lifeless body over his head and carries her from the water to the shore where Black Thobe is sitting on the grass, a smile stretched across his face and his lovely little girl running back to her mother. Black Thobe stands when he sees Raife coming and reaches out his hands to help him and his lovely little girl turns from her mother and crosses the distance to Raife in a golden whoosh and kisses him on the cheek and Black Thobe takes her in his arms and sets her on his shoulders and spins around and around like a whispering silver disc.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz…
Mohammad Al-Ghannami trips into Raife’s office and hands him a piece of wrinkled paper. Some lines on the page are poorly written and the language is a mess. Every word is spelled wrong but the meaning is clear. Raife looks at the little poet’s face and notices the strange color of his skin, the hint of yellow caused by some kind of organ disease, he had once said, and yellow spikes of dal shoot from Ali’s mouth as he sits under the light, gesturing extensively with his hands, pointing to the future, through the windshield of the cab to the poet, who smiles at Raife and says, “It’s a poem. I make-id it for you.” Raife takes it in his hands and motions for the poet to sit. Raife reads the poem until his eyes begin to puddle and the little girl’s puddle of thick black hair is floating on the water and the girl in the airport stares up at him before running back to her mother and jumping in her lap. The coffee served by Black Thobe is so good, and with the syrupy dates it is the most perfect drink, and the breeze sweeps over the water, cooling the skin and the trees and the grass and families are on the grass laughing, sons and daughters and fathers and mothers. The one most beautiful among them leans over the railing over the sea screaming for the life of her daughter first and then her husband as he clings to Raife’s neck, almost drowning him and the salt water burns his eyes and he can’t breathe and the lightning erupts and the thunder pounds the sky with noise and, 
where is Mr. X?
“There!”
She reaches down with her smiling lips and kisses him and breathes life back into his body and the kitten flounders on the broiling parking lot and the wallet leaves a lonely shadow on the concrete and pacing back and forth in the strange apartment he wonders who, what, why and starving he falls asleep on the big bed, wakes to the softly resonating voice, the birds, the insects of the night and she’s drowning, his wife is drowning and he’s thundering her name over the water, the earth, the sky is moaning "MARIA!” and he reaches down with his lips as she had so often with hers and breathes into her the only life he has and the water gurgles up from her belly and the black shirt she wears is clinging to her skin as the waves wash over her perfect flesh. He breathes once more into her mouth from the bottom of all things and yet she is limp, limp in his arms. 
He is weeping.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz…
Leaning over her perfect body and weeping. Tears drip down his face and onto the terminal floor where they glisten with her clean smile and nothing can replace that smile and he waits for the blow that doesn’t come and,
“Allaaaaaahu Akbar!”
. . .she smiles at him from deep inside the refrigerator and from upon the corniche where the woman is screaming for her child, and she reaches out and touches the woman in black and.
“Allaaaaaahu Akbar!”
He snaps awake suddenly. 
“Allaaaaaahu Akbar!”
A soft voice is flowing through the dusty screens, bringing with it a gentle morning breeze. The ceiling above is dark, as is the room around him, the night, the endless desert sky. His heart is crashing against his ribs, swelling and deflating and pumping blood into his ears, and only a soft voice is there to remind him where he is, to remind the others it is time to pray.
“Ashaaaaadu aaan laaa ilaha illa-Llah!”
It’s very clear now, the words even clearer – a man worshipping his god at half-four in the morning, calling the others to join him, to listen, to hear the noise, to know the bottom of all thingssssss.
“Ashaaaaadu aaan laaa ilaha illa-Llah!”
And there is a bottom.
“Hayyaaaaa alaaaa-s-salaaaah!”
“Save the famly”
“Hayyaaaaa alaaaa-s-salaaaah!”
“Raife, blease free me!”

“Does that make sense?” Raife stared at the explanation on the board. It was decent, but then, obscure – three criteria used to decide upon a bee em dobble.
“Like burpose?”
“Yeah, sure. Purpose.” It made sense. We do things because we have a purpose, even if we don’t know what it is.
“Teechr’s burpose wantingk to quiet car.”
“Yes, but there’s more. I have another criterion: big. I want the biggest hunk of steel I can find. The safest, quietest, most visible hunk of gas-guzzling steel I can find. I want a Suburban!” It was well known that this country had the highest accident rate in the world. “I want a tank!”
“Hussein sir, he’s coming to died us!”
“No, we will be safe. I buy tank!” Raife watched as their faces lit up and they laughed, though their vulnerability was impossible to hide. He smiled and shrugged his shoulders, then turned back to the board and noticed the new name written with the other new words. “So,” he said, “what does ‘Raad’ mean?”
“‘Ra’ad’, sir. ‘Ra’ad’.”
“Right, ‘Ra’ad’.” It was difficult to get that voiced pharyngeal fricative just right, like an upheaval of collapsed swallowing.
They conferred again amongst themselves, and finally Al-Hakeem spoke, “When the storm comes. You know is the light.” He gestured extensively with his hands, and some shoulder as well.
“Lightning?”
“Not the light, but the...is the noyce, sir – the noyce. ‘Ra’ad’ is noyce makes the storm.”






13. Qur'an, Surat 13: Ar-Ra'ad



It is a heavy book. Printed in two languages, one decorative and one geometrically mundane, one reading from right to left and the other from left to right; side by side they fill the three-inch stack of delicately thin pages. On the cover of the book is a remarkably beautiful design, a word fluidly expressed in a language less written than it is drawn, less written than it is cast over the page like spikes of golden lighting on the surface of the Arabian Gulf. To be able to do this, to make words in this fashion - elegant words - would be to join the two brains, to join analysis with instinct, the stubborn with the swift, the linear with the spatially unrestrained.
And it is this that Ra’ad is seeking: the unrestrained voice that interrupts the darkness with a sudden blast, shattering previous conceptions, opening the ears, cracking open a mind once self-satisfied and sealed. A sound that travels in all directions simultaneously with great speed, riding the air, a great BOOM! that cannot be hidden from – that when it comes, comes without discussion; nor is doubt likely to last long.
It was this same BOOM!, this voice of thunder, that woke him from sleep many years ago; that with one simple word changed his life, gave him cause to abandon everything he once believed for everything he once feared.
And fear, it is said, is the beginning of wisdom.
Love, the end.
He reads:

11. For each
There are in succession,
Before and behind him;
They guard him by command
Of Allah. Verily never
Will Allah change the condition
Of a people until they
Change what is in themselves

He pauses, struck mostly by the last three lines, and listens to the air conditioner huuuummmming; still humming it prevents him from melting. Summer is near, near enough to be felt, near enough, even, to be feared.
He continues:

12. It is He Who doth show you
The lighting, by way
Both of fear and of hope:
It is He Who doth raise up
The clouds, heavy
With rain!

13. Nay, thunder repeateth His praises, And so do the angels, with awe:

He pauses again out of necessity, celebrating the rhythmic motion of words, the musical lines heard silently, and going the opposite way.
He breathessssss.
In silencccccccceeeee, he breathesss.
He continues:

He flingeth the loud-voiced
Thunderbolts, and therewith
He striketh whomsoever He will…

Ra’ad pauses again, considering the last line and wondering, his breath quickening as he does ssssso.






14. spikes of Al-Sakr



Not one, Ra’ad realizes, not one butterfly in his stomach. Not one measurable quantity of fear or one subconscious urge to run home to mommy, or mother, or the comfy couch in the leafy forest. No desire to return to the womb, no reason to go back the way he came, to reduce in size and shrivel in fear-driven friendliness. Not one measurable, noticeable, burning bit of fear, and yet he is standing before the highest peak in this area, the one that is called Al-Sakr. “Be careful when you blay with me, teechr.”
“You be careful, Al-Sakr,” Ra’ad replies, surprised by his unusual expression of confidence. It’s not like him to stare in the face of a competitor with a look that could be best described as unflinching confidence, a warning of the battle to come and the sure defeat to follow. In the past it was always “good luck” this, or “nice work” that – always a warm smile, always a kind acceptance of any challenge from the opponent, or an easy-going acceptance of errors made on either side. Whenever he had been faced with a rival before, he would reduce himself in some way, perhaps assume the role of humble challenger or become the proponent of cooperative equality and playful goodness. Didn’t matter the sport, didn’t matter the day, he would play with a kind of tentative confidence, skillfully on the surface but ultimately self-conscious in the depths, nervous and with a subtle undercurrent of fear. Fear felt in quivering members, in a fluttering stomach, in 'everyone’s watching!' or, 'you’re gonna’ screw up!'
But now, standing before the great Al-Sakr, who at more than six feet tall can touch the top of the net without reaching, whose legs never even touch the ground and whose mysterious face is infinitely unshaven, Ra’ad doesn’t feel anything but a fearless calm, an emotion so liberating that when standing before the great Al-Sakr, who, looking down at him and feeling inclined to say, “Be careful when you blay with me, teechr,” Ra’ad could look back up confidently and reply: “No, you be careful, Al-Sakr.”
It almost doesn’t seem real, this newly discovered feeling of insurmountability. Is it? he wonders, standing before the great Al-Sakr, a man whose face, it seems, can neither be measured nor completely identified. Al-Sakr is the kind who requires a few looks, here and there, quick peeks out of the corner of the eye, attempts to place the face in a greater context, to assemble the components into a whole. It is eager for something, to be somewhere else, doing something else, looking at something else. His hair is thick and combed up from his forehead so steeply that a wave, a thick black wave leaves a dark, threatening shadow over a strong brow. His eyes are dark, just the right width – but for what? His nose is not long, but well placed in the center of his face where it narrowly reaches down to lips that are the right thickness, but the right thickness for what? And that’s the face of Al-Sakr, one requiring look after look to see, each an attempt to decide if the face is right or not, and what impression, if any, can be obtained from the individual components that only briefly fuse into what a split second reveals might be handsome.
On the first look it is; the face is handsome, though always moving, or turning to either side of him in order to talk to one of his classmates – he never sits still – his face says, “look again.” And so one does, one looks again and notices with careful observation that the nose, though well-centered and of the right shape is, is what? And the hair, though thick and well combed, rises in a tidal wave of…of what? The face is too thin, or is it? The teeth, they are spaced too far apart, or not? So one turns away and in the process, during the movement of the eyes to another place, one sees how handsome is the face of Al-Sakr. So one looks again, and at the moment the eyes return to the face, having just passed the face of Al-Marzouq or Al-Theeb, or any of those on either side or around Al-Sakr, one catches that glimmer, that handsomeness that on further inspection disappears, or does it?
Ra’ad had been trying to synthesize Al-Sakr’s facial features into a comprehensible unity all semester, or at least that part of the semester during which he had had him as a student. Something about Al-Sakr and his face had always attracted him, in the way that men appeal to each other, the way they can immediately invoke competition, summon from some primal urge a challenge, and without ever having to say anything, or give any visible signs. There was something mysterious about that face, the fact that it eluded comprehension, the way it sought to be viewed, yet resisted it. What is it, Ra’ad wondered, over and over again, trying to explain the phenomenon, the brief interval when analysis is futile but knowledge is complete. The answer is there but can’t be found upon close inspection.
“You be careful, Al-Sakr.” Ra’ad says it again for Al-Sakr, who looks surprised with his repetition of the sentence, as if he hadn’t expected his teacher was capable of such unwavering confidence, but he doesn’t reply.
Ra’ad, sturdier than ever on his feet, is just as surprised with his repetition as Al-Sakr appears to be, and is still wondering where it came from. It doesn’t make any sense, especially since his right arm is tight against his chest in a sling, the outcome of the sudden, 

CRACK!

...made when his collarbone collapsed upon impact with the ground, when from about six feet in the air and at thirty miles an hour he went over the bars onto the pavement on his right side, and felt the shoulder collapse. He knew the moment of impact, exactly at that precise, immeasurably brief instant of time, that something had gone wrong, that some part was no longer in the right place, or was no longer even one part, but was now two or three. It was clear at an interval far smaller than any clock could possibly measure, that some very important part had collapsed.
So he screamed. Just when he hit the ground he screamed, or rather it was more like a ferocious growl, in what he later concluded was some kind of attempt to prove the obvious wrong, or make it go away, or perhaps even turn the clock back to safety. But in spite of his growling, and what after a few seconds became a sustained and shudderous groaning, he stood up from the paved road and tripped over to the grassy area along the edge and dumped himself in a heap, where he then writhed about for a few minutes, disoriented, detached from himself and in one great experience of pain. In reflection, it’s amazing how it all happens so quickly, the moment of air before the moment of inevitable truth; and the pain that follows, bellowing through a body that was a split-second ago perfect. It’s so clear during that brief interval that something’s happening from which one cannot turn back. There’s just no time for defense; the impact is coming.
And what an impact it was, a

thud

. . .quiet and implosive, an eruption of igneous certainty that something had given way, that some part of himself had been irreparably changed, a part far more significant than the knees and elbows bleeding from impact, a hip beginning to swell and a left hand quickly growing numb. Beyond all those smacks and abrasions, each one recorded in a mind traveling at near light speed, was the big crunch, the big,

Truth

...heard echoing forever.
“You be careful, Al-Sakr.” Ra’ad stares into eyes as dark as he’s ever seen, giant black-pupil-holes in which light is absorbed only, but never given off. Al-Sakr just stands there, watching him, light on his feet, happy...and then Ra’ad begins to see what before he hasn’t. It is not the physical features of Al-Sakr’s face that he could never read, though he struggled to determine the outcome of their fusion, what defined the whole as handsome, or perhaps didn’t. It is something else about Al-Sakr’s face, and yet not just his face. It is Al-Sakr himself: he is not afraid.
And neither is Ra’ad.
Yet.

“You see the droad!” Al-Rasheed points through the dirty windshield at the road. He has to shout because they are moving at 165 kilometers an hour and the windows are wide open and the desert wind is deafening and Ra’ad wishes he had his earplugs in. “This wasa the best droad in the country!” Al-Rasheed sits erect behind the wheel, though his eyes are deep in reflection. “It wasa the best droad in the country! But now you see all the!” he pauses, struggling for a word. “What you call this?!” 
Not quite so erect in his seat, Ra’ad tries through the dirty window to see what Al-Rasheed is talking about. They are on the road to Kuwait, about three hours in the distance, but they aren’t going there now, at least not physically. The road is a few lanes wide, and on either side is nothing but desert, dry, uninhabitable desert. The wind is deafening. “What?!” Ra’ad shouts.
“The droad! You see the droad!” Al-Rasheed turns to Ra’ad for a moment, but only a moment. They are still going 165 ks, and in a short-wheelbase vehicle.
“What about it?!”
“Look!” He motions with his head to the obvious, whatever that is. “You see the…the what you call this?!” He speaks loudly and with what would seem to many as impatience, but what Ra’ad has learned is just the way Saudi’s sometimes talk: loud and fast. No harm is meant.
Ra’ad makes a greater effort to see what Al-Rasheed is referring to, and notices the road is all ripply, something he figured was common for desert roads. “You mean this one?!” He uses his hand to make a ripply motion, like an airwave.
“Yes! That one!”
“We call this Ripply!”
“Dripply!?”
“Yeah!” Ra’ad is used by now to ‘R’s’ so tongue’d, they almost come out as ‘D’s’, especially in Al-Rasheed’s case. “Yeah, ripply!”
“This wasa the best the droad in the country! But now you see the dripply! You know why the dripply?!”
“No, why!?”
“Becausea the war! Ten years ago this wasa the best droad, but the war and then now you see the droad is drubbish!”
Ra’ad looks more carefully at the road. The surface is not only extremely ripply but there are also huge gouges and weird discontinuities and all other kinds of strange marks. He’s never seen a road in this condition but until now figured, after having lived in developing countries and seeing the kinds of roads they produce, that it was just a local phenomenon, a local job.
“The heavy equipment he was usingk this droad for the war! They goingk up and down all day for the years! You see all this desert!” Al-Rasheed motions with his head all around him, though not taking his eyes off the road for too long. “It was full the troops! Sikisty-thousand-hundred troops!”
Ra’ad tries to picture the scene, and nearly almost can.
“Sikisty-thousand-hundred troops everywhere! Every blace the desert was full the troops! Tanks, jeps, the trucks, guns and the airforce! The air-force had the jits everywhere!”
Ra’ad scans the area. It is totally empty desert, wind-scoured and uninhabitable.
“For three yeards the desert was full the troops! All the blace had the troops and anyblace you lookingk you see it! I drive this road everyday duringk warde!”
Al-Rasheed’s shamaagh is blowing wildly about the cab, lending to the image of the prototypical Arab in a desert void of anything alive. He stares ahead into the past, his dark eyes full of memory, of long nights and much weeping. It was Al-Rasheed who told Ra’ad about how the “womens and the mens was runningk into the desert crying, they carryingk the babies and weepingk. The mens doesn’t know to survive the desert. It’s nobody can survive in desert. Even bedoo glad to have home. The kingk, he give land to bedoo so they will suppordt him. They happy to leave the desert. The mens and womens from Kuwait they used to the air conditioningk and the yacht, the big the house. They runningk across the border weepingk. I was there! I see them comingk. Everyday we goingk to help! They were screaming and runningk!”

Ra’ad looks at Al-Sakr. The game hasn’t begun yet. The gym teacher, the one responsible for the evening volleyball matches, is still forming teams. Ra’ad was the first one picked for the team on which he’ll play, one arm and all. His left one.
Al-Sakr is jumping up and down, allowing his legs to flex on the descent when his feet make contact with the surface of the floor, and then allowing them to hang limply when in the air, when three feet above the ground, he stops momentarily at the top of his whispered ascent, before coming down again with a quiet thud. He seems somewhere else.
Ra’ad squats deeply, his back erect, left hand on his hip. He can’t jump, at least not yet. He really shouldn’t even be playing volleyball, at least if the American doctor who examined him for five minutes and at a cost of one hundred dollars, was correct. The entire surgery in South Africa – one night in a lovely, private hospital, nearly two hours in the theatre, anesthesia, a surgeon, and three meals – cost less than nine hundred dollars. The whole “ball of wax” as his father used to say, was only nine hundred bucks. But the American doctor, who took less than five minutes to marvel at “first class work” on X-rays that cost a hundred and fifty dollars each – compared to ten dollars in South Africa – charged almost a hundred dollars. “I wouldn’t do anything but stationary bicycle for six months,” he had said to Raife, now Ra’ad, and now ready to play another game of one-handed volleyball. His South Africa surgeon, Dr. Marx, had told him it would be a long injury.
“Three months, eh?” And since Raife trusted the oke in South Africa more than the doc in America, he now limbers up across from Al-Sakr, all six-foot and dark-eyed Saudi of him – this morning a student, now a competitor.
Ra’ad is considered one of the best players on the team, oddly enough. He thought that with one hand he’d be either overlooked or underestimated, or unable to play. But now after a few weeks he is one of the first few picked every time, and judiciously placed in the front row, right against the net in the right corner, thus making full use of a hand the side of which is still held to be evil in these parts, at least according to Al-Harbi, that pudgy fellow responsible for saying, “Hussein, teechr. He is come to make us died.” The other reason for the front row placement is so Ra’ad can return balls a bit more easily; having to hit them from the back row with one hand, the left one, is tough. At least he guesses it might be. He hasn’t actually tried it.
“Halas!” The gym teacher waves his hand over the small crowd, separating the teams with a few sweeping gestures and signaling it’s time to begin. Ra’ad scans the familiar faces of his team and measures their strength, estimating the likelihood of his five colleagues to contend with a new and younger foe. It’s a decent team with a good history, but one able to compete with students? It’s the first time the students have joined the bi-weekly games for faculty, getting them ready for a big inter-collegiate match tomorrow.
“Ra’ad, la’ab hnak.” The gym teacher points now to the back row where someone else usually plays, right in the center. “You blay.” His arm moves suddenly, faster than any disagreement could allow.
Ra’ad moves quickly, wondering in the process why he has been moved to the back from his usual place in the front row, unable to know that in about fifteen seconds, he will suddenly find out.

“American army, they everywhere!” Al-Rasheed still has to shout. The wind is still deafening. “Everyblace you lookingk you see him! I was there everyday! The heavy equipment was usingk this droad!” His voice is high-pitched, loud but not angry. “Everywhere!”
Ra’ad sits nervously beside him, staring into an empty desert that ten years ago wasn’t. That was full of troops and weapons, a flurry of fast-paced activity lifting clouds of sand in the eternal wind. He can see them, hear them in Al-Rasheed’s voice, hear the roar of motors and grind of gearboxes, the high-pitched wail of whirling steel on steel on steel. He was in a war not too long ago himself, one against an enemy he didn’t know he even had, that emerged suddenly from the darkness and from places he didn’t know existed. Shadows rose up from the mountains and in the wind he heard the shriek of bullets crying
LIVE!
. . .unseen but heard – felt in members whose only response was a running, sudden command to hide, to duck, to
LIVE!
. . .as across the dark night they roared an unambiguous reason for being. No explanations were needed, no justifications generated, no reasons to reconsider the situation from a more objective angle were ever even remotely destined to be plausibly produced. No, each bullet said one thing – LIVE! – and Raife had heard each clearly, each and every one racing overhead and saying precisely the same thing.
Until that time he hadn’t understood war, couldn’t make sense of what he believed was the most atrocious of all human evils: massive killing for what is what he didn’t understand. When sitting in the woods on a rock suspended over a stream and listening to the water, insects and leaves telling stories in the original language, he could never come to any final understandings about war, what its source was, why it existed. It was senseless, he always concluded. Utterly senseless.
Until they tried to kill him.
“Sikisty-thousand-hundred troops in the desert!” Al-Rasheed’s high-pitched voice is louder than before, as is the wind, the wind thundering across the desert. “Everyday they goingk Kuwait this droad! Tanks and heavy equipment! I was there! I saw the womens and the childrens running into the desert weepingk!” He leans into his words and the wind, the vibrant, inexhaustible wind is 
Roaaarrrrrrrrrrring through the windows.
Roaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!
Raife is there again, running across the open space in Lesotho, listening as absolute truth races overhead in bullets without compassion.
Roaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!
This is mine! the bullets shouted.
“Sikisty-thousand-hundred troops!”
This is mine! they screamed.
“Mens and womens runningk into desert weepink!”
Mine!
“Sikisty-thousand-hundred troops!”
LIVE! they raced overhead. LIVE! the message was clear.
“I was there! I saw them!”
The wind is roaring and the noise is deafening. Al-Rasheed’s voice is now bellowing in the cab. “They were killing the beople!”
This is mine! No, it’s mine!
“They were torturing the beople!”
MINE!
MINE!
“They but the bodies in washingk machine! They put the bleach!”
LIVE!
“They were screaming and running and cryingk!” Al-Rasheed’s voice is earsplitting and Ra’ad can’t hear a thing other than the wind screaming overhead and only the night is there, the bullets shouting at him as he runs through the open spaces, driven by nothing other than LIVE!
“Sikisty-thousand hundred!”
He is running frantically across the desert, weeping. His wife has been tortured and raped, her body striped with wounds and thrown into a bleach-filled washing machine. He can see her face, her eyes pleading to be spared, pleading to be freed. She weeps for Ra’ad, screams for him to come, but he’s running, running across the desert, running over the mountains in Lesotho because they are trying to kill him. The valleys are filling with blood.
“SIKISTY-THOUSAND-HUNDRED TROOPS!” Al-Rasheed’s booming voice is terrified and honest, hammering the small cab in which Ra’ad is slowly withering, wondering why the fighting, the killing, the raping of the earth. He looks out of the window into the dust-scarred desert, eyes blurring rapidly as the piercing screams sever the darkness and the ripping and slashing and searing of human flesh scorch his earsssss. He hears the wail of mothers and fathers and sisters and brothers left alone with memories permanently embedded in blood and noise. He tries to cover his ears, hide his eyes, fight the tears, the welling and reddening of visions too real to be held. He leans his head out of the window into the howling wind, hoping the searing heat will dry the tears before Al-Rasheed can see them, before anyone sees the enormous Why? screaming inside. The why that never ceases, that yearns to be answered, completed, eliminated. The why that will this moment finally be resolved when Al-Rasheed turns his face to Ra’ad, and with a certainty burning in irises now water-filled, places his hand on Ra’ad’s leg and, “MY FRIEND!” he shouts,

“OIL!”

…and BOOM! – just then an explosion rips a hole in the desert floor, hurling Ra’ad onto his ass with a thud. He never even heard it or saw it coming. It was just there, in his face, less than a tenth of a second after Al-Sakr hit it. He recalls only the moment when Al-Sakr rose from the earth, when with his feet dangling and his right arm whirling a muscled and swift trajectory, he struck the ball with the knife-edged palm of his hand and like a crack of unexpected thunder, it opened the heavens and exploded in Ra’ad’s face.
Ra’ad lifts himself off the floor, from the seat of Al-Rasheed’s four-wheeler. The wind is still roaring, the unutterably bright flash of Al-Sakr’s spike still lingering in auditory canals that never even heard it coming.
Al-Sakr is limber on his feet, not proud, just confident – just playing his best game with a face that can neither be measured nor hardly understood. Ra’ad stands quickly, as if he never even fell, winking at Al-Sakr as if to say: “Try that again.”
He will.

Ra’ad thinks about Al-Rasheed’s comment, about the “Oil” and the way he shouted it into the cab, how suddenly everything became clear the second after his voice penetrated the searing wind. And his comment that followed, shouted at nearly the same volume: “You lose it, and you have nothing!”
He thinks of other things Al-Rasheed has said over the last few days. Al-Rasheed has been driving him around all week, showing him all the local phenomena and telling him all the insider things he has never heard before. “For sure, eh?” is about the only thing Ra’ad can ever think to say in reply. What else is there, what possible combination of words could follow Al-Rasheed’s statements, especially the last one – the indisputable utterance fired like lightning into the darkness that was once Ra’ad’s brain, his flight across mountains and deserts.
It was true, of course. You lose the oil and you have nothing. “This is America!” Al-Rasheed had often said. “You see this city, it designed in San Francisco!” He spoke with volume – always with volume as if the wind were forever blowing over the desert in a roar to be defeated. “All Jubail City designed in America!” he said, and then as if to ensure Ra’ad had not missed the first important statement, he repeated his initial sentence again: “This country is America!” Ra’ad looked around him, and indeed it seemed true. More than half the cars he saw were American, and the outlets in his house, the appliances, were American made. The place was like a little America but without the violence, obscenity and unpredicted results of freedom:
Slavery.

Guo leaned forward and placed his elbows on the rickety old table. Twenty Chinese students were sitting across from them, anxiously waiting for their turn to be judged. Raife and Maria, still gurgling from the last dose of medicine alcohol were on either side of Guo, listening to him describe the rules of the speech competition. His hair was in its usual state of intellectual disorder and his eyes were as animated as ever. “No one gets less than seven, or more than nine,” he said, and then with a wink of the eye leaned back into his creaky wooden chair and said, with a cunning smile: “It’s China!”
It seemed like a good idea to Raife, who was in those days called Lei by his Chinese students. The name had come on a whim one rainy Sichuan day after he had been prancing around the room lecturing loudly, imitating the noises of “capitalism” expressed most frequently in Hollywood films by making explosion noises with his mouth. Two diminutive female students came meekly up to him as soon as class ended and asked if he would like to have a nice Chinese name.
“Of course!” he said, still wound up from the explosive lecture. “Then we have the per-fect name for you,” one of them said, turning then to her partner and nodding humbly. The other agreed with a nod and then the first turned back to Raife and looked up to him with the most modest expression he had ever seen. “Lei,” she said. It sounded just the English verb ‘lay’.
“Lay?” he asked.
“Yes,” they both said simultaneously.
He then asked them what it meant in English and after consulting each other in whispers, the one who had originally introduced the idea looked up to him again, and with as much gentleness as the first time, said that it was the “per-fect” name for him and that he should be “pride” to have it.
He asked them again what it meant and after a silent moment designed to add impact to her reply, the first one said, still looking up at him meekly: “Thunder.”

“That’s easy then.” Lei smiled at Guo, whose most recent essay he had read a few days before. It was entitled “A defense of Chinese Literature” or something to that effect, and was so well written and brilliant that Lei figured he’d better go back to school himself and study English all over again to see if he couldn’t prevent further embarrassment at reading essays about his own language written by non-native speakers. “It means I have only three choices to choose from,” he said to Guo. “That’s usually what one does with choices, isn’t it?”
“Uh..” was about as far as Lei got in reply before he decided to let the air clear of Guo’s obvious superiority. A minute passed before he said, “I guess I’m used to more choices. In America we have so many choices, I spend more time trying to decide which thing to buy than I do buying it! Shit, it takes me three days just to buy tennis shoes!” In China it took only one day for Lei to realize that of the two choices of tennis shoes available in Nanchong at the time, neither manufacturer made a size big enough for his feet.
“In America you have freedom” and then Guo paused again, his hair an untidy heap of inconceivable lines and angles. “The freedom of slavery.”
“Bu..” Raife started to say, an improvement over “uh,” yet still the same ‘but’ that failed to appear in response to the Pakistani cab driver, but many years later. He wanted to make an argument, begin a long sentence with the great but-transition and reveal the true complexity of things, how it really wasn’t that simple in the end, you see – but … he knew it was that simple: he was a slave, a slave to things and speeches about things, a slave to production, advertisements, illusionsssssssss.
So then like many other times with Guo, Lei didn’t reply. The but failed. His mouth was sealed. It seemed he could never think of anything clever to say to Guo in China or Al-Rasheed in the desert, and so the best he could ever come up with was “yeah,” or “for sure,” or “oh, I see.” Al-Rasheed even commented on Ra’ad’s lack of opinion and information the day Ra’ad had left his wallet lying on the table in the administration office after removing his passport to be copied. They began walking into the room where the copy machine was when Al-Rasheed stopped suddenly and said to Ra’ad, “Why you don’t take your wallet?”
Ra’ad looked back to the office and could see it sitting there on the desk. “I thought you guys didn’t have crime here.” He watched as Al-Rasheed’s hand climbed a stupefied arc to his head, which then shook back and forth a few times before he replied: “What?” his body beginning to slump over in an expression of exasperation. “This isn’t baradise,” he went on to say, “it’s the Middle East!” and then  after shrugging his shoulders and going back to get Ra’ad’s wallet, stuffing it into his hands, he finished it all up with: “You don’t know much about the Middle East!”
Or wallets left to lie, and kittens left to cry “help me.”
Ra’ad agreed. It was why he had come and why he had stopped reading any more about the region before climbing onto the plane. He was tired of hearing the same old story, seeing the same old mean-looking, bearded face in every sentence and every paragraph. Tired of attempts to persuade him one way or another by people who had never even set foot in the country. He wanted to find out for himself what the place was like, the people, the daily grind. He had learned from living in both Africa and China how important it was to distinguish between a people and a government, a theory and an individual. And anyway, why would anyone want to let the great commercial define their experience for them? That was what troubled him about graduate school: the attempt to define his experience with highly evaluated and highly scrutinized quasi-facts. Reality was his own to decide upon, which is why, now standing in the back row of a volleyball team, he isn’t afraid, even though Al-Sakr nearly removed his head just a second ago. That’s what he liked about freedom. Reality is your own if you aren’t afraid to make it so, if you aren’t afraid to penetrate the illusion.
And if you have enough money.
“Yalla shabab khallina nbda!” the gym teacher shouts over their heads, indicating it’s time to start the game again, the small one representing the big one we play every day.
Ra’ad immediately assumes the stance of readiness. Next to him is Mohammad, a Moroccan with a PhD in Linguistics – a real sharp bloke. And fast too. On the other side of Ra’ad is Tawfiq, the fellow originally from Bethlehem but almost twenty-four years in the local area. Jordan is where his family lives now, in an area once farmland. He hasn’t been to Bethlehem for twenty-nine years and says he never will be again, unless many things change. In front of Ra’ad is Gijari, an Indian with quick hands and an amenable personality, and on the far right, where Ra’ad usually plays, is a local fellow whose name Ra’ad hasn’t bothered to learn yet because they’ve been communicating perfectly on court for the last few weeks without ever having shared a common word. It’s just that they seem to know instinctively what the other’s got on his mind at all times, where he’s planning to go on the floor, what he’s planning to do with the ball. It’s an interesting thing about sports, how folks from all over the world, even traditional enemies, can cooperate together on the field but then start killing each other all over again once the game’s over and the uniforms removed.
That’s what Mohammed Al-Ghanammi, the poet, couldn’t understand. Why all the wars and fighting. But then he was only seventeen or eighteen and in a few years he’d understand; everybody does when the socialism of youth has passed for the natural, more natural capitalism of age. Besides, what was one kid’s opinion worth anyway? There was no evidence in his favor, no hard-driven data to support his belief that humans could get along. That,

If every berson hes think
About what another berson hes feel
Then are all the beople
One famly

In fact, all the theories and data seemed to argue otherwise, and there were many of both. Which was another thing Ra’ad had learned in graduate school: you shouldn’t believe anything for which there wasn’t sufficient data. One person’s opinion about something wasn’t enough. You needed a consensus, a statistically valid reason to accept a proposition as true. What people, or rather, one person believed, didn’t matter; only what the majority claimed was the case, counted. The world was what the advertisers said it was.
A student tosses the ball high in the air, leans back and servesssss.

Al-Rasheed stares into the open space, a desert that wasn’t, not so long ago. His shamaagh flaps about in the wind and his mouth prepares to open again. Ra’ad wonders what will come out this time.
“American government always talk about the human dright!” He’s still shouting, since the wind, the eternal desert wind rips through open windows. “They say China doesn’t havingk the human dright! And they talk the Afghanistan he doesn’t havingk the human dright! And he’s sayingk Pakistan!” He leans his head toward Ra’ad, not turning from the road but still staring in directly front of him. “And now everybody America he’s talking everytime this country, we didn’t havingk the human dright here! Why he didn’t talk this before?! Why only now he’s sayingk we didn’t havingk the human dright!”
Ra’ad thinks about it, why only recently has the human rights issue in this country been given priority in the public’s mind. There had never been any sustained public dialogue or criticism about this country before, and there were surely never any government sanctions against it. It seemed no one actually knew that much about it, other than that it was a gruesome place and Saudi’s were gruesome people. Which is why he stopped asking questions and stopped reading things. It was too depressing for a guy planning to go there with the goal of learning something, though what, it didn’t matter. It would come. “Yeah!” he replies.
“OIL!” He knows.
“And freedom! Sometime they talkingk about to have the freedom!” Al-Rasheed leans his head even further toward Ra’ad in affirmation of what he’s saying. The wind noise is nearly unbearable. “You sayingk we got to havingk the freedom!” He begins using his hands more now, evidence emotions are surfacing. “What freedom you need?! How much the freedom you need!?”
“Yeah,” is still all Ra’ad can say, and far too quiet to be heard.
How much freedom do we need, he thinks. What is freedom, for that matter? 
“You tellingk we must have the freedom to speech!” Al-Rasheed leans even closer yet toward Ra’ad, his rate of speaking accelerating and his volume increasing along with the closure of distance, making each sentence a crash of rock. “Other day my son usingk the internet! I buy combutor so her can learn!” Again the wind roars and the desert burrows deeper. “I see he’s usingk, so I ask, ‘What you seeingk?’!” By now Al-Rasheed’s right arm is forming every word in space, inches from Ra’ad’s head. “And you know what?! You know what’s he find!?” Al-Rasheed is angry now, but also sad, tragically sad. “Two hundreda joozy boosy! Two-hundreda joozy boosy!!” He screams an agonizing phrase.
Two hundred juicy pussies, Ra’ad can’t believe he heard.
“I think, what is Joozy! Maybe Jews, I know this, the Jews! They are very smart and can make anythingk. But Boosy? What is the Boosy?! I think maybe my English not so good so I didn’t could know this word!” His face is raging, but horrified at the same time, and sad, so utterly sad. “Then I see! It says ‘TWO HUNDREDA JOOZY BOOSY’!” He screams again, screams inside the cab of the four-wheeler, over the mangled road, through an eternal desert, and he screams, “WHY I NEED TO SEE TWO-HUNDREDA JOOZY BOOSY!!”
Ra’ad struggles to constrain the growing puddles in his eyesssss. Why indeed does such a website exist? Is that the result of freedom, two hundred juicy pussies?
“Ra’ad, blease free me!”
“Is that what is the freedom?!!”
“Ra’ad, help me, blease!”
“MY SON SEES THE WOMEN’S BOOSY!”
The wind is roaring – the voices are roaring over the desert and the screams of abused women race over the dunes, rushing into Ra’ad’s head and causing his ears to ring eternally with cries that will never cease, like the winds that will forever lift grains of sand and scatter them again, in hills forever changing. “WHY I NEED TO SEE TWO HUNDREDA JOOZY BOOSY!!” Al-Rasheed’s eyes are red and his heart, once high in his chest, has fallen somewhere bleak and terrifying. He would cry but he can’t, he is not free to do so. He turns to face Ra’ad directly now, his eyes off the road completely, red and frightened, lost and unable to rest. He opens his mouth and shouts, “TWO HUNDREDA JOOZY BOOSY!!” and a pause follows in which the wind howls through the windows, in which the screams rip through Ra’ad’s ears, tear his delicate membranes to shreds for the final blow when Al-Rasheed turns to him and shouts, “IN AMERICA YOU SELL YOUR WOMEN!”

…and BOOM! – Ra’ad is on his ass on the floor, now on his back, now his side – lungless. “You sell your women” fills his ears, is there with him on the floor where the ball, the unseen/unheard ball thrust him, after having appeared from nowhere in a streak of windy white light and collided with his gut. He can’t breathe. His body is turning in circles. Airless gusts of a heaving chest grind his face into the floor, the hard wooden floor where a puddle of blood appears and begins slowly to expand. It grows around him steadily, getting bigger and bigger, spreading outward while in the center of the growing mass he writhes, desperately searching for air, his stomach muscles yanking at his throat and his lungs pasted together with spaceless glue. The puddle of blood keeps growing, larger and larger until eventually it completely encircles Ra’ad who can now see them, the women – drowning in the flood. Their bodies have been stripped naked and pinned down; they have been anesthetized and ripped open, strung out on steel tables and chiseled at, sucked, penetrated and raped – lied to. Sterile steel tools slice into their perfect bodies; man-made machines whirrrrr into their sedated flesh and screams never uttered, thunder in the head that is Ra’ad’s face down on the floor, in the center of a growing puddle of blood.
“Ra’ad, blease free me!”
“Ra’ad, I can’t breathe!”
“Ra’ad, I’m drowning!”
“Help me!”




15. three, ping-pong paddles



Ra’ad glances through the window of the shop, casually allowing his eyes to roam among the familiar inventory until, convinced there’s nothing of interest inside, he moves on just as casually as he stopped. He’s wandering the long way home, passing through all the malls and shops, moving as leisurely as possible and hoping subconsciously to spot a CD holder like Jube’s, or at least some materials with which he can fabricate his own. He’s checked all the shops in Fanateer Mall already, as well as those on either side of the street running parallel to the Corniche, but CD holders like the one he’s after are nowhere to be found, or is anything remotely similar. Everything in the local area is too bulky, too synthetic, or too generally unaesthetic. But by now it hardly seems to matter; it’s been nearly a month since he first saw Jube’s and the urge to possess one similar is nearly gone, almost anyway. It is often at the back of his mind, or at the bottom of his thoughts.
He reaches into his left pocket again to make sure he hasn’t dropped the wad of cash he’s been carrying around, and then moves on. The four thousand Saudi Riyals, stuffed as deeply into the bottom of his left polymer pocket as possible, has been troubling him ever since it burped out of the ATM machine earlier in the day. He was trying to get only five hundred Riyals but because the English option on his ATM didn’t work on that machine, he just punched a random series of buttons until he saw what he was pretty sure were numbers, and then pushed the button corresponding to what he was pretty sure was 500. But like so many other times when this happened, a thick stack of paper squirted out the slit in the front of the machine and he knew he had read the numbers wrong again. This time it was four thousand Riyals, just over a thousand dollars. A few weeks ago it was five thousand Riyals and he had wandered around that night just as nervously as now; not out of fear of being robbed but of being stupid and losing it.
He stops in front of another shop, peeks inside the window and, once satisfied there’s nothing of interest in this one either, begins to turn away, but – just as he moves his gaze from the window to the hallway he stops suddenly, puts his head down and stares at the floor. This is something he has been doing for the last few weeks, suddenly pausing in the middle of an activity to examine the floor, or count the clouds above, or search the ceiling for a burnt-out bulb or two. Once it was a tree remarkably taller than the others, once a sack of corn flour on the bottom shelf in Panda, another time a new Lamborghini, but usually the floor is the safest and most convenient destination for the eyes when he they are not wanted. Yes, he looks right to the floor, his head down, eyes locked onto their target. He’s not taking any chances. He doesn’t want to intrude; he knows better. They don’t want him to intrude. They don’t dream of him at night. They don’t wish he would save them. They don’t think he is the best thing since kaabsa.
In fact, he is probably their biggest threat, his country, the values he represents, the place he comes from and to which he will return one day. Yes, he should be somewhere else, and his eyes, behind which secrets are hidden, should be looking somewhere else.
They don’t need him.
They just don’t need him.
They don’t even want him.
He wonders where he got the idea that they did, want and need him, that is. What was it he thought he had that they didn’t, or could get from him that they couldn’t get at home, or anywhere else in the country? What made him so special, so desirable, so wanted? He is not a wanted man at all, at least not in that sense, though in the other sense he will be shortly.

“Right. It all makes perfectly good sense to me now. It’s why I’ve come, what I’ve come to learn: that we suck. We just suck.” Ra’ad paces back and forth in the office, talking loud and fast. Jube reclines in his squeaky chair, listening and occasionally adding a critical point at a critical moment. That’s Jube, the Brit.
“Aye.”
“Right, we not only suck, we need to suck. We need to suck something. Think about it. What is America? A massive advertisement, a mammoth sale, an enormous shopping mall. Everything is for sale, everything. And why? So we can suck, so we can always have something to suck on. That’s it, suck. We need something to suck. Think about it. What’s one of the first instincts after birth? To suck, to suck the mommy’s nipple. First thing we do when we come into the world is go for the nipple so we can suck it. And then fifteen years later what do we do? We start sucking all over again. Right for the breast, we go for the breast, the nipple. I dream of breasts. I see a breast and I can’t breathe…”
“Ra’ad, I can’t breathe!”
“. . .Something about the breast moves me in some inexplicable way. Every time I see a woman I think about her breasts. I long for breasts. Sometimes even in my dreams I’m sucking breasts. Can you believe it?” Ra’ad continues pacing, ten feet each way then back again. “I’m thirty-nine years old and I still can’t shake the urge to suck, the urge for the breast, the urge for the mommy, right? Ultimately we’re trying to return to the mommy. That’s what it is: I still want my mommy’s breast. I still want my woman to be my mommy. That’s all women are to us. Mommies to suck. Breasts to suck. Nipples to suck. Clits to suck. Emotions to suck. ‘Help me, mommy.’”
“Ra’ad, blease help me!”
“…American men don’t want wives, they want mothers, they want things to suck: breasts, minds, emotions. Mommies. That’s it. That’s what we do in America: suck…”
“Or be sucked.” Jube’s face is bright red and his big green eyes are glowing with enthusiasm.
“Right, of course! We also want to be sucked. Haven’t you ever felt the impulse to, like, climb totally inside the vagina when you’re having sex? It’s as if you want to somehow squeeze your entire body all the way inside, wriggle up in there and disappear? The impulse is there, right? First you want to screw, the impulse to…”
“…penetrate.”
“Right, but it doesn’t stop there, does it? It’s not enough. You want to go deeper, to push yourself all the way through, to be…” 
“…sucked in.”
“Yes, that’s it.” Ra’ad leans back on his heels. His hands are out of his pockets now and waving around his head in a flurry of excitement. “Not only do we want, or need to suck, but we seek to be sucked. We want to climb back inside the mommy, get sucked right back into the womb where it’s dark and warm and wet and we don’t have to do anything but float…where all our meals are free and there’s no pain or knowledge or awareness or requirements of existence. It’d be like a perpetual state of…like a sustained drug trip or…”
“…a consuming.”
“Yes, of course, to be consumed.” Ra’ad gestures extensively. “That’s all we are in America: consumers. Think about it. We suck more of the earth’s resources than any other country, and yet we have only a small percentage of the world’s population…”
“Bloody Yanks, you…”
“We live to consume, to suck. We work so we can buy, so we can always have something new to suck on – a new car to suck on, a faster computer to suck on. Things become a replacement for the breast; we get weaned from the breast to the thing, to the market. Or from the breast of the mother to the breast of the partner so we can continue to suck…”
“Or be sucked.”
“…totally. We’re total suck addicts. Look at what we do. We’re always sucking on something, some drug. We suck on coffee all day long, we suck on cigarettes, sugar – god, we’re addicted to sugar – we suck on fat, greasy foods…shit, pure shit. And we’re always doing it; our mouths are always going at it, sucking on something. We even suck on our own words. Have you ever seen two people together who weren’t constantly talking, or trying to out-talk one another? We suck on each other, or if there’s no one around we suck on the TV, or get sucked by it, or we suck on music, anything – we just have to have some suck-action in progress all the time. and if we can’t, if there’s nothing around to suck on, we go out and buy something so we can suck and get sucked at the same time.
‘Depressed?’” He changes his voice to that of the prototypical advertiser. “‘Here, buy another thing to suck on,’” and turns around again. “What is sex? It’s sucking and being sucked at the same time. It’s climbing back inside the mommy and sucking on the mommy. It’s a return to infancy, a return to mommy, to ‘help me, I don’t know what to do with myself!’”
“Fill me gob, mum!”
“Think about it. I suck my wife’s breasts like a freakin’ infant. The picture’s clear. I have my mouth over her breast and I’m sucking. Why am I sucking? For milk? For what? What’s going to come out?”
“Ah, ye daft booger.”
“I want to climb back in. To disappear, to be consumed once and for all. To make that final purchase, to have that final smoke, that final drink, that final bike, that longed-for bike that won’t be, once it’s sucked, right? I want that final get-sucked so I don’t have to think anymore, to work, to share, to give, to consider anything other than my own pathetic need to suck.”
“I’ll ’ave another, mate…”
“So what do we do in America? We sell everything, even our women, appeal only to the sucking reflex, keep everyone at the sucking stage, the satisfy-me-mommy stage. Everything we do, we do to satisfy the sucking instinct. America is a sucking thing. A big fat…” Ra’ad pauses for a second, thinking. “Right, fat. That’s it. One year I was in China – one year – and I never saw one – fat – person. Not one – fat – person in one year. America is full of fat people. We’re the fattest nation on earth! The first thing I noticed when I got off the plane from China was FAT!” He raises his hands. “Think about it. There are almost a billion people in the world who are starving, starving – and we have a problem with fatness…”
“Obesity.”
“No, that’s too nice. Fat. We’re fat. When I was in China my dad sent me a video of his club’s yearly picnic. I thought it would be a great chance for my graduate students to get an inside look at local life in America, right, just a bunch of okes hanging out at the beach and all. So I stuck this video in the machine and, holy shit! It was full of big – fat – white, pasty-faced and gooey Americans sitting on their fat asses with their mouths constantly at work on some hideous inedible garbage. A drink, a smoke, a fat piece of dead chicken, gooey ice-cream shit, processed meat crap, sugar-saturated shit. They were fat, every one of them – big white folds of blubbery skin hanging from every surface. My students gawked. It was horrible. They asked me, ‘Mr. Lei, why?’”
“Because you blokes always suck.”
“What could I say? We’re fat. We eat all the time. We eat junk. We suck everything into our mouths, or into our eyes and ears. Every orifice must be sucking something…”
“There’s a sucker sucking every minute.”
“Like babies. We’re like babies. We’re like big – fat – babies – sucking. Yes, that’s it; America’s a big – fat – baby – sucking!”
“Ha! Bloody ’ell, mon…”
“America’s a big – fat – baby – sucking. We suck everything and we suck our women. We sell them so we can suck them. So they can suck us. We use them to satisfy the sucking instinct, we’ve enslaved them to our sucking because…because, if we don’t get suck, we cry out and get all bent out of shape and whimper exactly like a fucking infant! Piss and moan, ‘More! More! More milk, mommy! Something mommy, give me something to suck!’”

Ra’ad raises his head now that the woman has passed. It is his newest habit to put his head down when a woman is near. To take another aisle if a woman occupies the one he wants, and is alone. He knows now that they aren’t after him; they don’t fantasize about him; they don’t view him as their liberator. He is one of the people of the great market, one of the big fat babies sucking, or wanting something to suck. Always trying to get hold of the next thing, the other oke’s bike, the new bike, the more, more, more. She’s seen the TV. She’s seen the ads. She’s seen the women exposed and sold as suckables.
“Pardon me, where is the suckable section?”
“There sir. We have a number of new items this week to be sucked. And the prices are grand!”
“Thanks. Ran out of suckables last night at midnight! Didn’t think I’d make it!”
“Well sir, soon we’ll have a 24-hour Suck Service. Anytime you need to suck, or get sucked, just call the toll free number and a Suck Delivery Person will come. No need to go a night without the nipple.”
“The world’s a better place then.”
“Indeed, sir. Did you see our life-sized Suck-Me Special, or our Weekend Suck Around the Clock? We now have the new Suck Chip available for your kids’ computer games. And the new Flat-Screen Suck-Off, the Portable Always-Suck, the Mobile Ear Suck, the Micro-Suck, the Cordless Ever-Suck, and even the Giganto-Hyper-Suck.”
“Oh boy, what about the new Surround Suck with the big Suck-Whoofers?”
“Of course. And the new Turbo-Suck with Power Roost.”
“Wish I had more money. Golly, I could suck all the time.”
“Indeed, sir. All our male customers have been asking about our Suck-Credit. No need to go without suck, sir. We offer a low rate.”
“Really?”
“Oh yes. Only 14% with a minimum balance of 2000 dollars. That’s a lot of sucking, sir.”
“Gosh, already my card’s maxed out. Darn.”
“I see, sir. So you’re getting sucked, then?”
“Guess so.”
“Well, we have a low-rate, Suck-Credit Consolidation plan…”
“Hmmmm… ”
“Or, if that isn’t up your suck, we have the Rent-a-Suck, Econo-Suck, or Budget Super-Suck for people like yourself. Just go to aisle Y for those. Good sucking to you. May the nip never cease to provide!”

She knows what’s coming. She knows the price of freedom, of salable parts, of becoming an object with components, of becoming a bike to be ridden, an uncovered mantelpiece to be viewed, an exposed thing, a commodity, a suckable. She’ll become components to be measured, evaluated, compared, displayed, modified. Yes, displayed and modified. That’s what one does with things sold, with commodities, with suckables: display them and modify them.
Ra’ad thinks about Barns, and Noble Bikes, how no matter how hard he struggled to get it right, he was never happy with it even though it was in fact written to be a compliment, to express praise and esteem for women. He had some theories as to why it didn’t work, but he could never pin it down until now: components and modifications. Bikes were assemblies of components, each of which could be replaced or modified. And that was the problem. The metaphor had implied that women were assemblies of components, each of which could be replaced or modified.

“Think about it.” Ra’ad’s voice becomes almost as sorrowful as it is loud. “How much money do you think is spent each year by women trying to get their components modified, huh? We steal their self-esteem from them the moment they’re born so that by the time they’re old enough to become income earners we can sell it back to them. It’s a market, they’re a market worth almost ten billion dollars a year. Ten – billion – dollars. And it’s increasing all the time, and how the hell do they pay for it? Where do they get the money? How can anyone afford to live in this country and own a house and a car and actually buy gas and, and, afford to get modified? Huh?”
“Bloody plastic.”
“Yes, of course…plastic, fucking plastic. They get these credit cards for nothing with enormous interest rates which means they probably end up paying around twice what modification’s actually worth which is already twice what it’s actually worth so by the time it’s all over – and it’s never over – they’re completely indebted to these fat, white corporate criminals who couldn’t possibly give a fucking damn about them, who by virtue of the act of giving them credit cards and selling them modification, proves they don’t care about them. Oh, they say they do. They say we care about you, and that’s why we’re offering you this one-time-only deal on this here new credit card so that you can improve the quality of your life...and what’s ‘quality’ about feeling like you have to chisel yourself beautiful which isn’t really beautiful anyway but marketable? What kind of quality of life is that? That physically enslaves a person to a lie?”
“It’s the freedom of slavery.”
“Right – and we’re importing our freedom of slavery all over the world so that now we’ve got women everywhere sucked into the big commercial. It doesn’t matter where or who or what…when I was in Africa I saw this advertisement, a road sign, for skin lighteners…no, whiteners. Can you believe it? Skin whiteners? I remember it clearly. It was hanging right over the border between Lesotho and South Africa and facing the Lesotho side so the women heading into South Africa, of course – where a minority of whites rule a majority of Blacks – could be reminded that, after all, white is better than black, see? See how happy is the woman in the picture? See that big white smile? See how black you really are in comparison to us and see how much happier you could be if’n you was white, too, like the rest of us owners of your means to reproduction?”
“Blacks of the world, be white!”
“God, it’s such a fucking scam. Poor African women spending what few measly Rand they got on some cheap-shit skin cream trying to make themselves more white, and probably rich African women also buying into the fat-white-man scam hoping it’ll give them a better chance at, what? Freedom? What kind of freedom is that?”
“Uncle Scam!”
“And we sell it cheap, too. And we sell it to anyone who’ll buy it. Hell, we’ve even got Asians convinced they need to be white and so they’re having eyelid surgery or whatever the hell it is they do so they look less Asian and more – what? White? Why the fuck would anyone want to be more white anyway! We’re like anemic fuckers!”
“Brits!”
“And blacks are getting their noses thinned out and their hips sucked thinner just so they can look – what? White! Holy shit, we raped the continent of Africa, we still rape the continent of Africa and we still rape the Black population in our country and yet we’ve got them so utterly duped they’re paying people, probably white people, to cut up their faces and bodies so they can look more like the people who raped them! Shit! Something like a total of six million women had plastic surgery last year alone. It’s utterly absurd. We’ve sold them so much, we’ve advertised them so heavily, we’ve incorporated them into the marketplace so subtly from the start, that they willingly undergo the knife, the
"Add more here!”
“Remove some here!”
“Make this bigger!”
“Make this smaller!”
“…They get their components modified to suit the market, our market. That’s it; he was right. Ali was right. The problem is coming to men!”
“Ali? Coming to men?”
“Yeah, Ali – the Pakistani. He said ‘problem coming to men’ – the problem is with men. If you think about it, most of the problems of this world are caused by men, are a result of the acts of men. Men’s aggression. Men’s reductionist intellectual models, men’s lust for suck, men’s insatiability, men’s need to create women in the image of their mothers…that’s what this is all about: sucking. The sucking instinct of men. Think about it; the most popular cosmetic surgery is liposuction – suck-sion – see. It’s right there in the word. Suck-sion. The real, physical, empirical sucking of women. We stick this vacuum in their asses or whatever and turn on this noisy machine and, god, it’s so freakin’ weird and – why does it even exist? Why did we invent it? Why are we so fat anyway? And what’s the ultimate result, the symbolism in all this?”
“Well, that would be…er...thinning down and smoothing out, which…er…means symbolically that…er… hat does it mean?”
“It means we’re remodeling them into the shape of youth, which means we’re shearing away the indices of adulthood, of fertility. Of motherhood and reproduction. And yet – this means there’s some kind of contradiction because the second most popular cosmetic surgery is breast augmentation. Now it’s augmentation, see, this hideous euphemism for – uh …”
“Fill ’er oap, mate.”
“Right, for filling. But with what? What besides fat makes breasts big? When are breasts naturally bigger?”
“When they’re attached to me mum.”
“Right, so by filling breasts we’re essentially reshaping them to appear as they did when they were full of milk, when they were our only source of nutrition, when we sucked them. So, on the one hand we’re sucking away the indices of fertility and on the other hand we’re exaggerating the indices of fertility. Is this not a contradiction?”
“No, because in either case it boils down to sucking. We suck them literally through suck-sion, and we suck them symbolically through augmentation. We make them thinner and we make them fuller. Oh, blimey – maybe it is a contradiction…”
“Fuller means more mother, or more suckable – and thinner and smoother means younger or more…more…more what?”
“Fuckable.”
“Yes! That’s it! We want a mother to suck on and a teenager to fuck on. That’s it. That’s the root of the contradiction. That’s what we want: a mother to suck and an adolescent to fuck in one package. And what kind of person wants a mother and a teenager? A child. That’s what all this surgery is about. The whole point of all this is women turning themselves back into objects that would be appealing to children. By inflating their breasts women are making themselves more appealing to men whose ultimate subconscious motivation is having a mother, and by getting sucked, women are ultimately making themselves more appealing to men whose subconscious motivation is to have a girlfriend, to be children again. And what is the prototypical example of this? Jailbait. A teenager with big breasts. Men simply want to return to that stage of late mother when we started getting the feeling that hey, there’s something special about little Angela next door, right? There’s something I ought to know about, yet I’m not quite ready to make the final connection and so when we’re done exploring Angela next door we go running back home to mommy and tell her all our little daytime stories and then she cooks us dinner and tucks us in our little beds and all that mother stuff. Which means then that all this modification of women is just our wanting mothers and playmates all rolled into one. Someone who can take care of us after we’re done playing, and feed us after we’re done shooting our wad out in the backyard. We want this weird mix of childish appetites. We want this contraction, this hideous non-thing, this unreal juxtaposition of forms – this freak. We want freaks. Not real human women. We’ve never wanted real human women. Even myself. When I finally met my wife after months of writing letters and creating this illusion in my mind, what was my first thought when I saw her: she’s human!”
“Ah, for fuck’s sake, mon. Not true!”
“Right, human. She was human, imperfect, natural. An unmodified, un-male modified human. She hadn’t yet gone to physical modification clinic. Sure, she had gone through the psychological modification process in my mind, the commercial-self-antitheticalfreak modification process, but she hadn’t gone to the clinic, man. She hadn’t gotten churned out with all the others. Hadn’t gotten reassembled by the men.”
“So she weren’t doctored, then, eh mistah?”
“Aye, she were human. She were still intact, a one piece, selfcontained and non-contradictory woman. And I didn’t want a woman, a real woman. I wanted a mother, a suckable, dick-vacuuming mother in the body of the fuckable, dick-gripping girly next door. That’s what we want. Men want their women to become more suckable, to become more like fuckable mommies again, not wives, or partners, or free women. Not independent, loved, embraced, private women – but public suckables modifiable and salable.”
“Sold, to the man in white!”
“Right. We sell them and we use them to sell. We stand them up in full color ads. We parade them around, capitalize off their components, gawk at the parts, miss the private-whole and seek the suckable-piece. Freedom, yeah freedom. We’ve given them freedom, right? We’ve allowed them to remove the abaya. ‘Go ahead and be free,’ we say – and why? Why do we give them freedom? So we can sell them all the more, so we can expose the parts, pressure them to modify, get rich by slicing, cutting, sawing, picking, gouging, burning, chemicalizing, nailing, pinning, wrenches, spanners, nuts, bolts, pieces, parts – who gives a flying fart, just give me something to SUCK!”
“I’ll give a hundred for the lady there”
“One-ten”
“Two hundred”
“Aye, mate that’s too much for that one. She’s too flat, eh?”
“Few bucks pal, she’ll be just right”
“Of course”
“Two-fifty!”
“Going, going, going…”
“Three hundred!”
“Too rich for my blood.”
“Drain the blood and replace it, cut that off and replace it, take that out, put this on, trim those down. Next! Get her in here, man. Make this bigger…slice that off, mate. Hurry up, we got a show to run!”
“Three-fifty!”
“Come on, man – she’s two hundred at best, and that’s after the Y-job, the Y-suction, the Y-botomy, the Y-zation of all X.”
“Make it flatter, make it round. Make it smaller, make it aboundin suckability!”
“Scalpel, please. How’s she doing?”
“Fine, doctor Y. All signs are normal. She’ll be a beauty when you’re through, sir.”
“Yes she will. Gauze, nurse. More suction here. Wrench. Saw.
Where’s me saw? Hammer, I need a hammer!”
“We’re losing her, doctor.”
“No, nurse. We can’t. That’ll cost me too much. My Mediterranean weekend! Two additional baths, that new car and my lass down the street!”
“Four hundred!”
“Four hundred? That’s absurd. Look here, there’s not enough. Look there, too much. Here, bring the glass, see that flaw. See how small is the...How tall is the…How thick, how rough, how brittle, how much we need to do to make her sell!”
“Next!”
THUD!
“Next!”
RIP!
“Next!”

Ra’ad moves on, thinking about the abaya and wondering what would happen if women in the States started wearing it one day, just all got together and agreed they’d had enough of componentization. Like Saudi, the streets and malls would be full of these shadows floating from surface to surface – no measurable bits, no analysis, no division. It would be ironic, to say the least, probably even dangerous. The men would protest, of course, and most likely violently because they had just lost access to their most valuable resource, subtly trained to accept themselves in terms of their capacity to meet the most up-to-date market specifications. But the women, because it was a choice they made, what would they feel?
“Ra’ad. I’m free!”
He moves on – thinking, wondering, following his feet over the immaculate tile floor and looking straight ahead all the way to the other end of the mall. There are no more women in the area so he’s free to watch where he’s going, but when another appears he’ll do what he’s been doing often lately, looking down to the floor, or off to the side, and allowing whoever she is to pass privately, her identity still intact. The three-dimensional shadow able to walk the streets at night. The shadow who prefers to be left alone. The shadow who will grow wiser, who will not be sold, marketed, sucked away. The shadow who by her unseen presence has deconstructed the illusion of the final suck, the final acquisition, the illusory final act that will bring an end to the hunger, the need for just one more, just that right thing, that final purchase, final ride, final injection. It is an illusion, the illusion driving his country to over-consume, oversuck, over-the-counter sell women, to discharge vast quantities of waste into the atmosphere, sea and soil, while hundreds of millions of people go without enough food for the day, and without enough of the basic necessities of life, for the year. “If only I had, if only I could, just one more, the latest, fastest, biggest…Just one more suck please, and I’ll go to sleep, mommy.”
“Ra’ad, blease free me!”
“Ra’ad, I can’t breathe!”
But the abaya as metaphor, how it evokes sanctuary, the sacred, and power. It’s like the curtain drawn between the holy of holies preserving it, protecting it from the profane outside, the infidel, the dirty component-modifying acts of those who dwell without, who peel away the surface to chew at the depths. Those whose habitual predatory vision disables them from seeing the forest for the trees – chopped down, up, tagged – and the woman for the parts – chopped down, up, tagged. It’s a kind of defense mechanism of some sort that suggests a refusal to be entered into the inventory, an expression of the right to preserve an identity intact, whole, restricted and private. It is the perfect mechanism for preventing public access, for establishing immediately a personal boundary that says: stay out, off, away – I’m not buying into your scam. I won’t be sold. I won’t be measured. I won’t be carved up. I won’t even be viewed. I won’t even for a moment allow you the opportunity to evaluate me against your marketing plan, your strategy to deliver, your unconscious assumption that you can own me. That I’m something to be flirted with only, teased in, brought out, loosened up, displayed, seduced.
You think I care about your market ideology? You think it matters to me if I measure up to your specifications? You think I need your approval, or even want it? You think I don’t know how it works, how you reduce me at first glance to a set of ranked and gradable features? Size me up, tear me down, scope me out, dismantle me into my projected potential to please you? You think I don’t know what that look means, what those eyes seek, what those gestures speak of?
I know, and I don’t care. I’m telling you now, before I even meet you, before you even see me, before I even step out of my own front door, that I will not participate in your plan to obtain my services in the interest of servicing you.
I am the inviolate moment of pure woman. The undisturbed surface of the undisclosed depth. The torrent, the turbulence, the solitude, the “SILENCE!”
Your origins, your outcome, your duration.
She.
Who in the beginning was Good.
And Good is light, and the shadows it creates.
Momentum, force, gravity.
Mass.
Velocity, density, unpredictability and uncertainty.
Trembling.
I am variableness and the shadow of turning.
Energy.
You cannot see me, I’m burning.
A full moon engulfing. Surround you and swallow you up.
Womb.
Bite you in half and spew you out.
Power.
The Aleph.
The Yeh.
What lies between, between me panic.
The vowels you cry, you weep. You would pry into me and I would rip you to pieces. Twist you and snake you – coil you around yourself, brain you shriek.
Madness.
Masticate again and again liquidate you drool you fibrous waste, seep you.
Salt dust rock and powder.
Puke in the hot sun.
Sweltering reach for me hands sticky nothing.
Caged within yourself the one you need.
The dissonant, screeching reed vibrating rocked to sleep you wonder how it could have been so, so wrongly told that you thought I wanted a penis.
I’m where the penis seeks.
Where it peaks through into gnosis.
And finally knows it, feeble little squirt.
I will fuck you up into light.
I am.

Ra’ad stops. It just doesn’t make any sense. There is hardly anyone in the mall. The hallway is barren. There’s only light, reflecting off the polished floor and polished windows, and silence, bouncing off the polished floor and polished windows, screaming nothing, shattering the emptiness and numbing it. He takes a few shaky steps forward, now too full of thoughts and wondering, but then stops in front of another shop on his left, intrigued. Hanging directly against the glass on the inside is a row of abayas, a dozen or so of them lined up and dangling on a length of that cheap, colorful nylon rope a lot of the road-side shops sell for five Riyals a roll. They’re spread out and displayed in various decorative arrangements, some with arms suspended in the air, others dangling straight down as if they’re weighted at the bottom, and a few as if they were hanging casually in someone’s closet. They’re right up against the glass, some of them even touching it, forming a wall that prevents him from seeing deeper into the shop. In this way they act as a kind of mirror, sending incoming light right back to its origins. Ra’ad can see himself standing there, in the hallway, about ten feet away from the window. He’s thinner than he was when he first came, and darker. Much darker. His left arm is hanging straight down against his side and his right arm is still held tightly against his chest in the same polyester sling he came with, now threadbare from too many afternoon walks and evening volleyball games. The image is fascinating – a stranger, someone he hardly knows yet lives with every day. He decides to get a closer look and begins walking to the window, watching each step he takes and studying it. The black polyester pants are also showing signs of wear. The bottoms are covered with dust and the once vibrant fabric is hanging limply, expanding outward toward the bottom where what’s left of the original elastic band seals them tightly to his ankles. The tennis shoes at the bottom are also dusty, and above it all, from his waist upward, is a white tee-shirt a few sizes too large and flaccid with sweat.
He reaches the window and stops, less than ten inches away. He can see his face clearly in the glass, and yet can still see the abayas behind. Most of them are plain, but one of them is slightly decorated with what appears to be some kind of embroidered pattern of flowers. The thread is black, black as the color of the abaya itself, and twists and coils its way down from around the neck to the end of the sleeves. He follows the pattern down, around the rim of each sleeve and then back up to where it stops at the neck, then around the neck and back down again to the end of the arms. The sleeves are empty, no hands protruding. No fingers. No body inside. The abaya is hollow.
He leans closer to the glass to get a better look at the pattern of flowers, but he loses the abaya in the glass and instead sees himself, both his brown eyes, staring back at him. He leans even closer to the window until his warm nose touches the cool surface and stares directly into his own eyes. From this close they look as if they were the eyes of someone else staring out from the abaya back at him. He smiles, and they smile back. He peers deeply, and they peer deeply back. He frowns, and they frown with him. He focuses on one of them, the left, and blinks it a few times, closes it slowly, opens it, then closes it again. He does the same thing with the right eye. This time he closes them both.
There is nothing but blackness.
He opens them again simultaneously, and there is nothing but blackness.
And then his own two eyes return, set in the fabric of the abaya.
He closes the right one and focuses on the left. The bottom eyelid is fleshy, full and soft, slightly shaded underneath. The top is thinner, and because the lack of light obscures any real detail, he leans his head back slightly to allow more light in while leaving his nose against the glass.
Just when his chin almost touches the glass below it, he can see the upper eyelid more clearly. Like the bottom, it is full and soft, fleshy and vulnerable. The eye inside is perfectly round, and on the upper portion of the eyeball just below the eyelid he notices a bead of light, a small one. He focuses on that and it contracts, then expands, contracts again, becomes more and more refined, and then remains still. Remarkably it looks like a diamond, exactly like one of those round-cut diamonds when viewed from above. It has facets and perspectives, depth and color. He watches it for a few seconds, surprised at how similar in appearance it is to a real diamond, and then allows his upper eyelid to close a little, watching closely to see what will happen to the diamond-like bead of light on his eye. Slowly the eyelid closes, a few lashes slightly obscuring the light momentarily.
But just before it disappears completely, it peeks through again, glistening on the surface of his own eye. A jewel only he can see on an eye only he owns.
It is difficult to hold the fragile picture intact, so he relaxes his focus until his vision blurs. This almost makes him dizzy at first, but by loosening his hold even further on definition, he is able to maintain the effect until the various elements of the picture, a diamond, a moist eyeball and two fleshy, lip-like eyelids on either side, fuse into one shadowy yet all too familiar image. The impression is one of softness and vulnerability, liquid warmth, richness and allure. He can feel the urge to reach up with his left hand and gently touch it, caress it with the soft pads of his finger tips. Feel the contours, the folds of skin, the glossy moisture, the rounded, enveloping wholeness of it. He wants to embrace it somehow, somehow express the great affection he feels while observing this miracle before him.
Maybe just gently snuggle it with the tip of his nose. Bring his twolips forward slowly, and kiss it. Reach his tongue between the glistening folds, and taste of the honeyed depths.
It is the origin of his vision. The source of his light. A mist-soaked valley plummeting downward beneath the mountains on either side and rising up, grabbing at the heights – cloud-wrapped and precarious they penetrate the heavens, puncture the sky, beseech the hushed distance to awe and arrive, voicelessly through that tiny hole in the front of his face.
An ocean of water is there, in his eye. A turbulent night sky drips of a full, frolicking midnight moon. Rows of date palms leap out of the desert sand and rush at him, jump rapidly into that same tiny hole, and fill his brain with a universe of laughing sweetness.
It is a furious wind sweeping the dunes of sand and spraying it outward in a whispering mist of glimmering bronze. A streak of lighting ignites the sky, a desert of yellow flowers pursues a crash of spring rain. A stretch of highway shimmering in the distance, a shadowy curve, a mutinous winter night decodes the porous silence and inhales it. His wife’s modest smile, his dog’s silky-snowy-cascading mane tumbles beneath his neck. The day, the night, the glory! – all of it, every photon-kissed moment of experience derives from the orifice of life.
His eye/Her essence.
A guide. A door. A window. A diamond swimming fluidly between the two sinuous membranes of vision. A jewel embedded in a treasure. A gift, wrapped in a fortune.
The Aleph and the Yeh.
Love.

And then quickly he moves away from the window, watching as the vapor of his own breath slowly vanishes, leaving him standing there alone.
He takes a few steps backward, looks around, and then continues on down the hallway. It is a long way to the other end of the mall, and the doors are wide open, yielding to a river of light. It is so bright he has to close his eyes for a moment, open them squinting, and then, once they’re adjusted to the brightness again, he turns back to the shop and looks inside. It is full of clothing, women’s clothing. And remarkably, no women are inside shopping, so he quickly scans the array of apparel laid out in one marketable fashion or another, not surprised to see that it’s all the same, colorful out-of-date local stuff he’s seen in all the other shops. But now that he thinks about it, not on any women. He moves on again, casually, glancing through all the windows of the remaining shops, goalless, without objective, no real plan guiding him onward. He’s merely taking his time still, wandering, walking – meditatively strolling through the long hall of the sparkling new shopping center yet still, underneath it all, hoping to run across a CD holder like Jube’s. He looks ahead and for some reason senses there are probably no electronic shops in this mall. But this doesn’t dissuade him from continuing – still slowly, still thinking and still wondering. He stops in front of another shop for sporting goods and looks inside: a few running suits, some tennis equipment, a rack of cheap plastic floating toys, and on the back wall it looks like there’s…
DING! - Exactly what he’s been looking for.
He steps in and goes to the corner. Some ping-pong paddles are hanging in a row of three or four. It’s not the paddles themselves that grab his attention and hold it, but the paddle covers. Each paddle is wrapped in a heavy nylon ping-pong paddle cover. There’s a red one and a green one, and they seem just about the right size for holding a stack of CDs. It wouldn’t take much work to turn a ping-ping paddle cover into a striking CD case, and, in the process, provoke a great deal of envy from Jube. His is round and spongy, made of a bright red, flexible, yet durable material, almost like a diver’s wet suit. It has a zipper that wraps nearly three-hundred degrees around it, and once zipped tight the whole package is remarkably thin, yet with a total storage capacity of 12 CDs. The only flaw with it that Ra’ad has been able to identify is that he can’t find one for himself. He had even e-mailed Maria and asked her to check the local area back home, but she couldn’t find one either. They just didn’t seem to exist. Which in the end meant the only thing he could do was fabricate his own, a thought that has been occupying him off and on for weeks, though often below the surface, where unseen things peek through at critical moments.
Like right now.
He looks them over carefully and identifies the second one in a row of three, because he likes the bright green color. He removes the first one and looks for a place to set it down, but there isn’t anything convenient, so he tucks it under his right arm, something he’s been doing ever since he started wearing the sling. The crotch of his right arm makes a perfect place to hold something temporarily, like when his left arm is preoccupied. 
He removes the second paddle in the row, the green one, and examines it. It’s perfect. Not much bigger than a CD, and with a zipper that wraps nearly a third of the way around. Should be no problem slipping CDs in it at all…

“It’s absurd. Something like twenty-five million people died of starvation last year, twenty-five million people. How can that be? How can twenty-five million people die of hunger in one year? Is there something wrong with me that I find this utterly senseless? And how can almost fifteen percent of the American population live below the poverty level, now, as we speak. We spend billions of public funds to invade and destroy other countries when we have more than ten million hungry children in our own, one of the richest countries in the world. How can such a rich country still have almost thirty million people living below the poverty level?”
“Right. And yet six million of your women spend five billion pounds a year to get modified; why?”
“Because we’ve sold it, that’s why. We’ve marketed the illusion of the final suck. We’ve driven them to mutilate themselves because of our instinct to suck. No, our adolescent suckstinct.” 
“Suckstinct. Blimey!”

Ra’ad turns the ping-pong paddle cover over and over in his hand, fascinated by how similar it is to Jube’s CD case. Very little modification would be necessary, a little of this and that, and the result would be a CD case not too unlike Jube’s, yet with the added charm of having begun life as a ping-pong paddle cover. He examines the seams, estimates the approximate size, a bit large, true, and checks the make of the zipper: not YXX, but then…sturdy? He reaches his fingers inside and feels the lining, soft but not perfect. And then there’s a gap to accommodate the protruding handle of the ping-pong paddle when it’s inside, which isn’t good. But it is well made, and yet, hmmmmmmm, thirty Riyals. Almost ten bucks American. How necessary is it? True, it would be nice to have a CD carrier to be proud of, one that would hold the accumulating stack of CDs used to back up data on the computer. But then…It is a tough decision. He looks up, thinking...

“That’s it then. The urge to aspire is the urge to suck.”
“Consume me, please.”
“Ra’ad, I can’t breathe!”
“Suckour me, baby.”
“Mommy, I’m hungry.”
“A suckulent dinner!”
“Mine…”
“No, mine…”
“Ra’ad, help me!”
“Just one more, please.”
“A penny sucked is a penny earned.”
“Suck it or lose it.”
“Waste not, sucked not.”
“Do you take this woman to be your lawfully wedded suck?”
“I do.”
“You may now suck the bride.”
“Ra’ad, blease free me!”
“A suck in time saves wine.”
“Give me liperty or give me death!”
“Once a bridesmaid always unsucked.”
“Hire the pretty one.”
“A suck a day keeps the apple away.”
“Two burps with one suck.”
“The early burp gets the suck.”
“Suck le vie.”
“Ex-nihilo suckubus.”
“Copulato ergo sum.”
“Honor thy father and suck thy mother.”
“Let he that is without suck among you, grow the first boner!”

Ra’ad wonders if it wouldn’t be better to return home first and measure the diameter of his CDs before making the purchase, or at least find a shop in the area that sells CDs and ask to measure one. This would mean a little more walking to and fro, finding a shop, farting around trying to find a measuring tape, and then a pencil and paper to write it all down, which means more walking about with four thousand Riyals to fret over. But then, thirty Riyals is a lot of dough, and if it’s wrong and the CDs don’t fit, there’s likely to be little chance of explaining to the shop owner, an amiable looking chap who doesn’t seem to speak any English, that the ping-pong paddle cover didn’t really make a good CD case after all.
So he stands there, ping-pong paddle under his arm, one in his hand, one hanging, and thinking…

“Right, how about this, then – the Hoards’ Prayer:
Our father who aren’t in heaven
Shallow be they gain
The kinkdom cum, they spill be done,
On her as it is so swell, then
Give us this day our daily spread
And forewarn us of the best lasses
As we forage for those who dress less against us
And feed us lots of temptation
But deliver us from weevils
Hymen.”

He flips it over and over in his hands, feels the smooth outer surface again, the soft inner lining, yet – ten bucks for something that may not even work? And what will the CDs themselves fit into? Are there round CD liners for sale anywhere? Could always cut the corners off the square ones, of course … but then, where to get replacement CD sleeves? He slides the zipper open once or twice, holds it at arm’s length to get a better perspective, and stands there, thinking…

“Yes, or this – the Hell, Mary!:
Hell, Mary!
Full of space?
Get a load of this pee.
Best art thou amongst women
And best is the juice of thy womb’s creases
Hell, Mary! Wonderful Job!
Splay for us sinners now and at the hour of your last, hymen.”

Ra’ad decides after about five minutes of thinking that he is no longer in the mood to be wandering around and trying to sort it all out. He’s getting hungry and it’s almost prayer time again, which means he’ll have to sit and wait around before he can do any more shopping, which means he’ll be starving, and with a thirty-minute walk home. It’s probably best, he thinks, just to go home now and give it some time trying to decide if it’s worth all the trouble or not. And besides, he can always make the walk from his apartment in Al-Khaleej to Fanateer next weekend, which means he can go home and measure the diameter of his CDs now. Yeah, it’s definitely the easiest way.
So he removes the ping-pong paddle still hanging on the wall and places the one he has just been looking at behind it, as it was when he first came in. He then puts the one he just removed over the one he had just recently examined, and turns toward the doors.
They are bright, gleaming things, about twenty feet high. The shopping center has only been opened for a few weeks, and everything is still new and spotless – marble floors, a vaulted ceiling and rows and rows of the same gleaming glass doors with polished brass fittings. It is a palace, a consumer’s baradise.
On the walk out he nods his head to the owner, smiles, and reaches for the door.
“Sh-feek?!” The owner shouts, with a look of alarm.
Ra’ad turns around. “Huh?” he says, wondering what the ruckus is about.
“Sh-feek?!” The owner shouts at him again.
“Me?” Ra’ad asks, still wondering what’s going on.
“TA’L TA’L!” This time the owner shoots his arm out in front of him, the index finger of his right hand pointing like a dagger directly at Ra’ad’s...soul? The owner’s face is dark red and he looks angry about something. His eyes are aflame.
“What?” Ra’ad asks, looking down, around, turning behind him and back again. Everything seems to be okay but the owner’s extended arm and finger are still aimed at him, and now he even begins to move from behind the counter, gaining speed as he approaches Ra’ad.
“TA’L TA’L!” he shouts again, still pointing, still furious.
“What?” Ra’ad asks again, still stupefied, still wondering. He looks around again, up and down, behind him, and then, once satisfied he’s done nothing wrong, he shrugs his shoulders and asks “ME?” again, this time raising his hands palms up and,

thud

. . .the third ping-pong paddle, the one that was still under his arm falls to the floor at his feet.
“Oops.”
“YALLA!” The owner reaches for his arm.
“Wow, man. Sorry!” Ra’ad smiles hugely. “I forgot!” He picks up the paddle and tries to return it to where it was hanging. “Wow, I didn’t even feel it!” His face is red,  noticeably red. Guilt red. Finished red. Deep, dark, dismembering red.
“YALLA!” The man yanks the paddle from Ra’ad’s hand and drags him out the door by his good arm, shouting, “YALLA!” furiously.
“It was an accident, man. My arm’s been in a sling, hey? I didn’t feel it, really. I’ve been carrying things there for some time and...” 
The man doesn’t say a word; he’s fuming. His arms are like tense steel rods and his beard is scorched at the ends. He drags Ra’ad into the foyer, shoves him against the beautiful glass wall and stares at him, his eyes ablaze.
Ra’ad can’t move. He’s pinned to the wall by the man’s incredible strength, and scared as hell, but aware there’s no way he can move. This is what he has feared all along: a mistake from which there’s no turning back. He closes his eyes, says a silent prayer, and waits. 
The man is still fuming. Years of waiting for crooks and thieves that never appeared have festered in members now ready for the chance to punish just one, to banish just one. The air is boiling, as are his eyes, his fear of the man he has pinned against the wall, the man who would steal what he has worked so hard to protect, who would take away his freedom in exchange for slavery. So he raises his arm, lifts his hand far above his head and, in one whistling and transparent arc brings the paddle down to Ra’ad’s butt with the final,

thud.





16. becoming Munahy


It seemed as though Ra’ad only ever said two things to Al-Yami: “Sit down” was one of them, and the other “Now what?” – he just said again, and again with his arms spread wide, his shoulders raised and both palms facing up. It was the now what? gesture, his most frequently occurring one.
Sit down was second in terms of frequency, but was typically reserved not only for Al-Yami, but also for a few others who like Yami didn’t understand the purpose of seats. It seemed staying in them was difficult this time of day – well, any time of day really, though this was the worst: two in the afternoon and right after a smoke and coffee-flavored-beverage recess. And, it should be added, grammar. The thing Ra’ad teached very good.
“Now what?” Ra’ad said, just as Al-Yami stood again, for the tenth time already. His smile, Yami’s that is, was again large and bright, dark features enhancing the effect of white teeth. His face was kind, gentle and kind.
“Munahy, teechr!” Yami shouted this unprovoked, as he shouted everything – as if every thought that entered his head had to be released through the lips immediately, or else something would transpire internally painful.
Ra’ad had no idea what munahy meant, or even if he had heard it correctly. It sounded like mah-nah-hee, the second syllable not only stressed but gulped out of the mouth like so many of those other bottom-of-the-throat Arabic words. “Munahy what?” In saying this Ra’ad used the now what? gesture, always with Yami he used the now what? gesture, often ten times a day, or more, sometimes every two minutes. It was hard to get angry at Yami, though, perhaps because he was so ingenuous, so lovable. Plus that damn face of his: an enormous smile, innocuous eyes, widely spaced teeth. It seemed he wasn’t put together just right and the result was a slightly off-centered, yet bubbly Bed’wee youth of nearly six-feet.
“Name for you, teechr!” he said this from near the back, where he typically sat until, unable to control the thought-to-lip impulse – and sensing impending anger from Ra’ad, who never really got angry – he would move to the front, saying, “I sit here, teechr,” seemingly aware he was a growing concern. Once he wrote a small note that said: ‘I’m very sory teechr.’ And gave it to Ra’ad after class.
Ra’ad still has it hanging above his desk.
“Yami.” Ra’ad said this in a descending tone so that it came out in two parts. First was the initial ‘Ya’ said at one tonal level, then followed the ‘mi’ said at a lower tonal level. Exasperation was the intent, or perhaps the cause.
“Munahy, teechr!” Yami was still standing, skinny and tall, over the others. He often remained standing when the thought-to-lip impulse overtook him. He looked to the others smiling. Some of them noticed, others were talking. One was asleep.
“Name for you.”
This would be trouble, Ra’ad knew. These guys were rascals, capable of every conceivable trick. They spent more time and effort inventing cheating methods than they would ever have to spend studying. Thus a name, one shouted over the heads of others, would likely be better off uninterpreted. “Yami, sit.”

Yami sat, but stood another five times before it was all over. Ra’ad wondered what munahy meant, wondered what kind of naughty thing they had contrived. So when he returned to his office he called Tawfiq, his Palestinian colleague from Jordan who’d call him once a month just to see if he was okay, and who’d always lie flat on his back on the floor after an hour or two of volleyball, and say “I’m too old, Ra’ad.” 
“That’s a Bedouin name,” Tawfiq said, lighthearted and always eager to share information. “They give funny names to their children.” He then went on to explain that he couldn’t possibly translate it, though he had translated other things for Ra’ad in the past, because Bedoo names often resisted translation. They were local, tribal, insider kind of things.
Before he said goodbye, however, “Wait, here’s a Bedouin student now,” and he paused while considerable discussion took place in Arabic. Ra’ad thought it interesting, yet not utterly surprising, that a Bed’wee student should just happen to pop in at that moment, just when he was needed – he, of course. All students are he here, if being taught by a he that is. “Ra’ad,” he said, “No…wait,” and then yet another pause ensued during which Tawfiq engaged in more consultation. Ra’ad could hear the fast Arabic echoing in Tawfiq’s nearly empty office.
“I don’t think we can translate it. We can’t always translate these names, you know?”
Ra’ad sensed this could be trouble, aware that answers of this nature could mean an effort was being made to save face, in this case his face. “So it doesn’t mean anything?” he asked, inclined to think it did.
More Arabic, and more voices at two distances. “Maybe it doesn’t mean anything, but I think we can interpret it…uh, let me think about it a minute.”
Ra’ad stared out the window, listening to the faint sounds of Tawfiq’s voice on the other end. Outside were perhaps a hundred students scattered in small groups, most of them smoking away the ten minute break between classes. Yami was nowhere to be seen. 
“Okay, I know. It means ‘image’…No, wait, I mean…what do I mean?”
“‘Image?’”
More Arabic, more vowels, more sounds to be learned some day. “Do you say ‘image’?”
“Like…as in a something that looks like something else, or uh…as in a copy of something, or something made to represent something?” 
“Huh?”
“Yeah, ‘image’, symbol, appearance, figure made in the likeness of something intangible, or even tangible for that matter. I think it has roots in ‘imitate’.”
“‘Imitate'? No, I don’t think so. Maybe I’d better think about this for a minute.” Tawfiq began laughing in that deep, yet tender fashion so similar to many of the laughs here. “You mean like maybe one berson he looks or acts like another berson?”
“Yeah, that could be it.”
“Or like the shadow of something; is that an image?”
“Sure, why not?”
“Okay, that’s good, that’s what ‘Munahy’ is, then: an image. So say, if I meet some man and his name is Munahy; even I didn’t know him until now, yet if he is Munahy, I already have an image of him: that he is wise, generous and…strong?” Tawfiq’s question is aimed into the room, not into the receiver. “Yes, strong, but not violent…”
Not violent, Ra’ad thought, intrigued by the where going of things.
“So we can trust this man to tell the truth, and even if we have some broplem we can trust this man to help us.”
Ra’ad’s heart began beating at a pace slightly greater than it was, the significance of the name beginning to take shape in his thoughts, or rather, at the bottom of his thoughts. He listened as the final few sentences in Arabic faded into the background, and Tawfiq returned to the phone for the last time. “Because we can trust this man to be honest, and because he is strong, I think Munahy is some berson to whom we call with a loud voice when we need help.”
“Help me, Ra’ad!”
“Munahy, blease free me!”




17. three,falcon



Its eyes are a penetrating brown. Its beak, sharp and pointing downward.
Its wings unused for a long time.
Feathers are ruffled.
Claws grip the dirty rim of a used tire.
Around its left claw is a string to keep it from flying, something it would do if it could.
Fly that is.
But it can’t.
Like all of us, it’s tied up, in a garage, over an oily floor, under dusty shelves where it wouldn’t be if otherwise the choice were given. 
It would fly that is.
If it could.
But it can’t.
Like all of us, it’s chained by the reasoning of another stronger, who with larger muscles and thicker hands can tie knots skillfully.
Keep it from flying.
Prevent it from living.
Doing what it would, if it could.
Fly that is.
But it can’t.
So it sits there, the most beautiful creature I’ve ever seen: a falcon, a noble falcon designed to fly at altitudes, with speed – to swoop down on its prey and feed. From the air to the earth, from the peaks to the depths; a falcon is tied up in a dirty garage on the edge of Al-Fanateer and there’s only one logical thing to do:

FLY!
