TITLE PAGE: THE BRIDE WHO MURDERED HER GROOM BY SAMUEL MOYO


This imaginary tale and the characters comprised therein are property and appurtenance to the sole owner and possessor, Samuel Moyo. They are not to be made use of and administered in conduct and behavior that disregards and slights the author of his authority and claim and privilege and reason. Feigned and invented the events and occurrences in the account are, any likely coincidence or correspondence to actual and existent narratives or persons is virtuously and sincerely accidental and unintended. All assortment and disposition—or even distribution or usage—of the tale and its characters thereof must be approved and ratified by the author who alone has designed and invented them into being. He holds any thinkable and yet reasonable rights to this fabrication and anything it comprises.


Copyright 2014. All Rights Reserved.














 Danger has unveiled its face again. Abruptly and unexpectedly. Kris Ortiz and her young-at-heart daughter, Sophia Solochi, know that they cannot settle jointly any longer. Not if they extremely value and prize their inestimable lives above any worldly thing conceivable. In its ominous face and heartless midst the charismatic two split ways to never be as one again until it is secure and not-so dangerous for them to bond anew. Irreproachable looking and unusually  good-looking and dutiful, Sophia finds herself under the care and custodian of an incredibly handsome and smart young billionaire, Alvin Morgan, who cannot help but stay in awe and also fall powerlessly spellbound by her sheer presence. She has got a sly feeling that he desires her and would do just about whatever thing in the world to be with her. If that is true, her lot is turned for the most awful then. Cursed she is; and fall in love she must ever not.









AUTHOR PREFACE


If you happen to enjoy my free e-book, I would be highly indebted to you if you would leave a review of it. At the very end I have included the list of e-books I have at the moment accessible. You can get them all online on Smash-words for free. You can also drop by my new blog at:


http://www.wordsofentertainment887.wordpress.com/

If you have any emails to send to me, send them at:


Samuelmoyo887@gmail.com


DEDICATION: I dedicate this book to my muchly-loved and valued uncle, Stephen Moyo. He is a man I will for all eternity be indebted to. 















 CHAPTER ONE: RACKING MEMORIES

I distrusted if I would ever see Alex Ramirez another time. Much less if I would see him alive and full of air. By alive and breathing, I don’t connote that he would be the one to die and breathe his last. I would be the one who would be dead. Every inch deceased and unconscious. Oh yes, I would be the one who would kick the bucket. With the kelpies’ wardens full of life and on the look for those of my kind and Kris’, there was slight probability that we would live on this tribulation. 

Wednesday night, 30 April 2018, I could scarcely find any sleep. The subject that I had discussed with my mother herself, Kris Ortiz, curtly after my arrival home when she had come thirty minutes or so after me, had to a great extent troubled me. What had we shoot the breeze about, you may wonder? This was how our dialogue had gone like:

I myself, whilst shoving a spoonful of cornflakes muddled up with spanking new milk into my mouth from the bowl that I had placed them into, chomped them up and asked Kris who was looking tremendously worn-out and indolent, “You don’t seem reasonably fine. What went there were you had been? Anything good or bad? What in particular?”

“It is no longer safe and sound for us to continue tarrying here, Sophia. I mean for this moment while. We have to each part ways and come back here only when things are secure and sound for us to.”

I was worried and troubled too. I stopped eating right there and then. “What do you mean by all that? Why isn’t it safe for us to stay here in this up-to-the-minute house of ours any longer?” 

Sighing and panting, Kris breathed out deeply and muttered, “The wardens to the kelpies are looking for us everywhere here in Brownton. We have not much time. We must leave and go into hiding right away and only return when it is at last safe and harmless for us to. I wouldn’t pardon myself if anything terrible and awful happened to you. Do you now understand?”

“No. You must explain everything to me until it is plain and clear. Calm down please, will you?”

Kris agreed and she had us both settle down on a mammoth and extended sofa where we sat in a mode and manner facing each other. Still, her form and look was one of horror and consternation. She was so shit-scared and frightened that her all-the-time stunning features—ones that I had inherited from her and was calmly beautiful all thanks to their being—were almost flawed and disfigured that she was looking hideous and unappealing to some bit extent. Well, that is the reality, isn’t it? We all at one point or another do look hideous and ugly, don’t we? Yes, I do think so myself.

My mother began, “These wardens of the kelpies I am talking about are no good thing at all, my little charming beautiful darling. They are so dangerous to us and everything of our kind. Hard-hearted and remorseless.”

“What are they for the most part? Humans or something else sinister and not natural at? Tell me please.”

“Calm down, sweetie, will you? I will explain everything to you fully and plainly. I need you to keep your cool like I myself have done. Will you act in accordance with that?”

“Yes, I will, mother.”

“Good. Like I was about to say, the wardens are in part human and to a degree demonic. Yes, half-human and half-satanic if you like it better that way. Their satanic side is what makes them completely wicked and cold-blooded. Their only mission is to capture those of our kind and then enslave us to kelpies for the rest of our damn wretched lives. Once you become a slave to a kelpie, you will not ever again get back your free-will for the rest of your life. If that particular kelpie is a gentleman and sees you to be tremendously beautiful, then you will unquestionably get blessed to some degree and may providentially become his wife and woman. But that will not make you see the exact glow of immeasurable independence and contentment again because you will be his slave for the rest of your life. Both in bed and every duties and matters of this life.

“If you get sold out to a female kelpie and she sees that your beauty is an inducement that common and frail-moraled men cannot resist, she will make you her prostitute till the day that you will breathe your last on this Earth. If you get that unfortunate, she may sacrifice you to her greater and devilish gods and make you meat and drink for them. Terrible things have happened to cursed women like us, Sophia, all these ancient-times ages. Some were boiled alive and others burnt alive on altars of sacrifices and some had their hearts ripped out of their chests before their very face and very own eyes. It was all terrible indeed. It happened in the past and it can without difficulty happen again today.

“Once you are cast in the dungeon of a kelpie, know that you will never come out of it alive or free. Do you now understand why we must do everything in our power and might to avoid these wicked things and keep our lives liberated and ridden of them? Do you, my prized girl?”

“Yes, mommy, I do.”

I sat down trembling at that moment. Yes, the horror arising from the story that she had told me scared me to hell and had my courage and bravado vanish farther away, like a piece of iron that has tripped over into the sea and is gradually but certainly dropping down and farther down to never return and surface out again. My. We were in that kind of menace and peril? I could not believe it. That was the worst terrible ever that could happen to us? But what could we do anyway? What exactly? My head pained worsely at that moment that I was not able to think or come up with anything at all. Damn it!

These wardens to the kelpies seemed to be no good thing at all. I didn’t doubt it. What Kris was saying made ideal and entirety sense. I couldn’t picture up myself held captive and a slave at the same time in the hands of a nasty fiend and in addition to that suffering and groaning and writhing and weeping out like the world was coming to an end on my part, excruciatingly and viciously. I shuddered at that thought. It was better I die than experience something of that kind and nature. Yes, death was even preferable. I was so troubled after that that I immediately began looking for ways in which she and I would survive this. How would we get about this alive nightmare of ours? How?

When Kris at last looked at me, I was so vanished and absent-minded into a world of my own. That seemed to trouble her. A great lot definitely. She didn’t want me worrying and tormenting myself all because of some creepy but truthful staff that she had said to me. No, it was not her desire at all. Not at all.

“So what are we precisely going to do?” I asked her in a distressed and on-edge voice. “Do we have to move to another place all over again like we did when first coming here?”

No! That hurt! Moving away from Brownton was apparently the worst move that we could ever make. But it was for our own protection and welfare wasn’t it so? I bet so. The only thing I didn’t want to do right now was leaving Alex and my promising future life with him. Not just this soon. I had just met this wonderful guy and barely gotten to know him and discovered that he was one such great and good gentleman whom I would so much love to spend my life with and now I had to say goodbye to him and everything that we took pleasure in too soon? No. I was not prepared to do all that. Alex was my happiness, my delight and my joy. How was I supposed to dispose of all that bliss and contentment and cheerfulness that came from being with him? How was I supposed to do that now?

As much as I wanted to cry at the thought of realizing that I was about to lose an invaluable him—the at hand and most ever dearly loved love life of my life—I restrained myself from so doing in the engrossed eyes and conscientious presence of Kris. She didn’t have to find out about this. She didn’t have to.

“Are you okay, Sophia, my darling?” She asked, nervous and apprehensive.

“I am,” I replied her, forcing myself to smile even. I didn’t know how it came to happen. But it just did regrettably. I lost control of my emotions and ultimately burst and ruptured into never-ending tears; I sobbed and wailed like crazy at that moment, dropping my head down and low as I juddered and vibrated wildly as if from tormented by too much coldness. My God! How could I let myself do that? I hated myself for it. But what had already been done had been done now. Things could not be reversed. They couldn’t. Kris could have by now suspected…or anything of that kind.

She hugged and embraced me without delay, her loving and caring arms acting as my safe haven and refuge.

I fought hard to stay calm this time and eventually succeeded. Damn me for my error! It had almost cost me the buried truth. If Kris would come to know that I was having an affair with a particular boy behind her back, she would without a second thought kill him and deal with me hardheartedly and pitilessly.

“I am sorry,” I muttered to her, hoping to clear off any questions and suspicions that she might have regarding me. 

“Sorry, Sophia? Sorry for what?”

“I have let you down, haven’t I? I mean it wasn’t good and appropriate for me to get this exceedingly emotional and disturbing. Please forgive me for being too poignant and infuriatingly frail.”

“Would you care to tell me one thing, my valued dear darling?”

“Anything, I will tell, without reservation.” 

Damn it! Wasn’t she going to tell if I was in love with someone or not? I mean, she could have perceptibly noticed, hadn’t she? Maybe. Perhaps not. I didn’t know which was which. Regardless, I became somewhat twitchy and un-resting. How could I be able to not tell the truth from her this time while looking and glancing straight into her eyes? How could I be able to take her in when her eyes had that authoritative aptitude to strip me naked and bare of my deceitfulness and treachery? How would I attain that? How precisely?

“Tell me. Why were you crying? Was it because of those scary things I said or what? Tell me please. I need to know.”

I breathed out in liberation. It seemed she had not guessed right or suspected anything. My goodness. At least she hadn’t come that close to the truth. Oh yes, she hadn’t.

“Yes, mother. You are right. My crying has to do with that terrifying story you told me.”

“It is not just any blood-curdling story, Sophia.”

“I know. It is true and everything you mentioned are facts, right?”

“Exactly.”

“I broke down into tears at imagining how so very bad and relentless we will have to suffer if we both get unlucky and fall into the hands of those impious and unforgiving things. The kelpies and their wardens I do mean. I just don’t want to think what would happen if the two of us become helpless and miserable enough that neither of us would be able to save the other. That got me so worried and troubled that I ended up crying intensely like I was a newly born baby.”

At that, Kris hugged me once more and stroked and caressed my back lightly and warily. “You don’t have to worry,” she said, “Everything will be alright. Oh yes, it will be, honey. All shall be well sooner or later.”

I was only fourteen years of age. Guiltless and in high spirits at that time. I loved my mother like nothing else on earth and I was so glad and joyful that I was her only child and family. By family, I don’t take in all her relatives and all those who share her last name or even the same blood and birthright of her ancestors themselves. That is not what I signify. I was the only prized thing she had in the world—the only thing she loved so much, the only closest thing she lovingly held to herself and looked after like everything else aside from me was not that any priceless and important.

Kris’ brother. Martin was his name. Martin Ortiz. He died leaving behind one child, his only son, who at present stays with his vulgar and people-hating mother, Veronica. I have known Veronica very well ever since I was nine. She was boorish, mean, and nasty—even to me and her very own son. Her only best friend is her mother who stays far off from where she resides herself, and who rumor has it that she is as well the exact carbon copy of her daughter. Inhospitable and boorish and hard-nosed. The only people that the mother and daughter associate with are solely those whose deeds and ways are much the same as theirs are.

Martin was a very immoral and adulterous man, I discovered. I even overheard my own mother complaining about it. Day in, day out—Veronica would ring her up to file complaints to her about how her brother had gone missing for days repeated with rumors whispered that he had been last seen at this nightclub and that other one with this whore and that one or even a grouping of them. About how his inbox was flooded with dirty messages—the so-called sextings—that he was on a daily basis receiving from unlike and mysterious women. About how he was being accused of raping this woman and that other in the neighborhood but not being arrested and punished as appropriate for lack of proof on his accusers’ side.

Martin was a niggling and aggressive man.

He died in our house, right before my very own eyes, while trying to abuse me like he had done with many other innumerable women. I was alone at that hour. With Kris having gone off to work. And she did not know that her brother had surreptitiously arrived at our home to prey in on her innocent and young daughter, who was me without any qualm. 

When he arrived home, he was the usual—vicious and lackadaisical and evil-minded. I only heard the door slamming open from the shower where I was standing undressed and stripped naked and I turned off the pouring flow of water without delay. Was what I had heard true and actual? Someone entering our house unexpectedly and unmannerly? 

“Mom. Is that you?” I called out, squinting my eyes and standing all ears so that I could unmistakably hear any liable response. 

Thirty seven words. This was the number of words that I made known to Kris before Martin died. Thirty seven words. All scrawled and squiggled in a SMS that I sent to her, and which, upon their delivery, I froze still nervously in the deep blackness surrounding me and shut my eyes and compressed my lips and offered a silent prayer.

I called to mind the words that I had typed in my text: Mom, I call for your help without delay. Stop by our house as speedily as you possibly can. If you don’t come or turn up behind time, you will discover me dead. 

I stood in the chilly wafting air—a mark of the swift approaching winter—and glanced over the stellar cellar about me. It was dark in here inside our house—four stories high with arched windows and sliding French doors—a fairly adorable brownstone dwelling.

Steadily, I finally paraded towards the door as police sirens began ringing outside and quickly flung it open and ran out as quickly as I could.

 I noticed that the door to our massive and splendidly adorned living room was halfway opened. It was murky inside there as all the lights were flicked out.

“Mother!” I shouted, awaiting for a reply from the intense blackness.

There came nothing.

“Mother!”

It seemed that I was screaming to myself. Taking my time, I shoved the door fully open and paced in.

“Mother, are you in there?”

Something jumped in the darkness and an object dropped, by any means a glass, as it did break up after smashing on the floor.

I quailed at that and I was on the brink of running off.

Take it easy, Sophia. It’s nothing alarming. Perhaps a not dangerous rat. Don’t be scared, dear. Don’t be terrified. Now find the switch and flip on the lights. 

I stumbled in the darkness, still being nervous. I was bugged with a wary feeling that someone perilous was still lolling somewhere here in the dark, standing by for an opening to strike at me.

God, please keep me safe from anything wicked that pursues to blow me to bits.

I came across the switch, then apprehensively snapped it on, and swiftly wheeled around. Only then did terror render me strengthless.

The memories are exceptionally painful and brand new as ever. I have tried to forget them. To rub them out of my mind. But that has never worked in any way conceivable. Even to this day, I can still see him standing there before my very own weepy and hurt eyes, intolerably red-eyed and completely soaked to the skin with the water from the shower that his whole clothes and hair are at length drenched and dripping wet. That was Martin without a doubt. The one and only uncle I loved back then in the complete world like nothing else. The one and only uncle I still love and likewise adore today like I have done with nobody else. What did I do to this man to deserve all that he eventually did to me? What precisely?  












 


CHAPTER TWO: FAREWELL

It was morning. Almost morning I should spell out. Last night before I slept, I wondered whether it was the right thing to call Alex and let him know that Kris and I were moving away for a little while. But hang on. We had just moved in to our novel house a few days ago, wasn’t it? Would it seem out of the ordinary to him that we were relocating away too quickly? Wouldn’t we seem to be corrupt and insincere people, perhaps criminals who were running away for horror of chastisement of the law and law enforcers themselves, say the police? Yeah, we would seem perfectly dishonest and un-honest, the picture of which I did not ever want to paint in his mind. 

Following that nightmare about Martin, Kris’ brother—yes, I had had a nightmare about him even though what I had been musing about a little while before following it had been true and exact. That was what had in fact happened. Martin was discovered dead subsequent his failure to rape me. Even the police could not tell what had in reality killed him. Perhaps something paranormal and extraordinary they assumed. Which Kris and I myself would not even come to make out ourselves. What could have precisely killed him? What exactly?

I began packing my clothes, unhurriedly and inch by inch. I was going to leave this cherished home of mine. Even though I had spent only just a couple of days in it, I felt so emotionally involved and drawn to it like it was one such exceptional place I had lived in all my entire life. I loved its quietness, its mild comeliness, its hale and hearty cleanliness, its fascinating and charming plainness. Everything about it was just puzzling and satisfying. I hated noisy places. Dirty and unhealthful ones much worse. I wondered what kind of place it was that Kris was going to have me move to. Was it straightforward but gorgeous and in good physical shape just like our house? Was it?

While I was packing my belongings and stuff, I kept on looking at my phone every once in a while. The enticement to grab it and ring up Alex was so great and irresistible. Did I have to do that? Was it the correct and best thing to do? I sighed in frustration and derangement, dividing my heart into two, all sides of which were pulling me either region to make unlike decisions.

To my shock, the phone rang straight away, and I jumped away from my bed, breathing out as fast as I could in utter surprise and bewilderment. Who could have called me? I checked and discovered that it was…Alex! Who-o-wie! That one and only man I loved in the entire world had given me a bell? I doubted it. So I investigated again and verified without failure this time that it was him who had actually called.

Alex. I loved him. Like nothing else in this world. My self-quarrel was not over yet in any case. I wondered whether to pick his call or to stay off away from it. What precisely? Come on, Sophia—my conscious counseled me—if you won’t answer that call, Alex will think that something awful has happened to you and you will only get him anxious and broken-hearted. Answer it so that he knows you are safe and sound. Do it, baby, for us. Do it right this moment.

I answered the phone hesitantly. “Alex. How are you?”

“I am fine, Sophia, my love. And you yourself, how did you wake up this divine morning?”

“Alright. You are up early today, aren’t you?”

“Yes, I am. I ever wake up this early on each and every morning. Specially to think and muse about you. You have no idea how so vital and prized you are in my life. Taking you away from me would be like killing me in some way or another. Not bodily however. But internally.”

Damn! I was so touched and moved by those words. Why? Because what Alex had talked about was what I was precisely about to do. Going far away from his reach and sight. If I was lucky enough, I wouldn’t have to go any further from Brownton itself. Oh yes, I wouldn’t.

I didn’t realize it. But a tear streaked out of my right eye, followed by another one, and a brook lastly. I scolded myself for it. I didn’t have to be crying like this was my last time ever talking to him. No, it was not. It wasn’t. I was still seeing him some day or another and moreover going to enjoy being hold in his arms and touched and stroked smoothly and dotingly by him. My Alex. I was going to go away from him…and that hurt…like a needle that had pierced through my chest and penetrated deep into my heart, stabbing and causing it to bleed.

“Sophia, my love, you are not saying something, are you?” Alex said, sounding nervous and vulnerable to some degree. His voice was so malleable and mild like he had come to realize that he had said something discourteous and aggressive to me, which he hadn’t done at all in any way. No. He didn’t have to feel blameworthy and awful about something that had to do with me and not himself instead.

“I am all ears and present, Alex. I am perfectly hearing everything that you are saying to me right now. I am around and also paying special attention.”

“Was your sleep okay last night?”

“Yes, it was.” 

“Were there not any nightmares?”

“No there were not. It wasn’t that much appalling and disturbing in any case.”

“Meaning that you had some unpleasant dream, right, my sweet angel?”

“Yes. We all experience them at one time or another, don’t we?”

Wait a second! Alex was doing the fortune telling thing, right? Is that how they call it? Or the prophesying thing in different words? Whichever was whichever, he had guessed everything correctly at any rate. Oh yes, he surely had!

“I feel too bad for you on the subject of that. Honestly speaking.”

“There is no need to, Alex.”
“Hey. Would you be insulted if I hang up on you right now? My brother, Roxy, has come to fetch me for something urgent. I will call you when I find the time and occasion to. What do you say to that?”

“No problem, Alex. Greet Roxy for me. And please do tell him that I miss him so very much. You get that?”

“I probably have gotten it, my sweet angel.”

“One more thing. I hope you are not envious and gnashing your teeth against your brother, right?”

“Of course, darling, I am not.”

“Bye then.”

“Bye my sweet angel.”

My sweet angel. When was Alex ever going to give up addressing me by that title? Well, did I want him to dump it, you may wonder. Definitely not! I was his sweet angel indeed. My sweet sire. That was what I as well had to call him. Probably. Alex, my sweet sire.

Five thirty struck. Kris was already up. Dressed and moving about in white and black pajamas from the living room to the kitchen and so on. She had her long dark brown hair curled and warped fashionably and elegantly.

“Sophia, good morning.”

“Good morning, mom.”

“Are you done packing your luggage?”

“Yes, I am. You haven’t told me about where it is that I am going to stay and with whom, have you?”

“No. I was just about to. This very morning. While we are having our breakfast that is. Would you mind coming and joining me?”

“Breakfast is ready and served as at now?”

Kris simply winked at me—an indication that ‘yes, it was all ready and by now served on our table in the dining room.’ I went there after her. My, my! There were luscious-looking scones that she must in all probability have baked last night and cupcakes and buns stationed in bowls of chilied and scented-like-smelling soup with petals of flowers dipped and drenched in it. Tea was also ready in the teapot which lay in the centre of the whole lot on the massive table itself. Just the sight of the food alone was enough to drive me hungry and famished. It was like I had not eaten anything in years. Years really? That was what it seemed. Surely.

I took my seat down next to my beautiful and slender-built mother. This morning she was looking in high spirits and at ease. Last night she had been deeply disturbed and remediless like I myself later came to be. Where had all that trouble and torment of hers gone? Where precisely? To me, it was a mark that things were alright or they were soon going to be absolutely alright. Which was a pleasing thing, right? Surely.

Kris prayed. I distributed the plates as they ought to be stationed and placed. She poured out tea into the mugs. I grabbed two silver spoons and spilled sugar into the warm tea and stirred it gently and little by little. Kris handed me a napkin, which I fixed and wore on rightfully and correctly. She did hers too. And then we ate, unhurriedly and silent at first. Deep down my heart, I was impatient for her to speak and say out something. Would she state whatever thing? Of course, she would. All I had to do was sit still and calm and concentrate on having my food completed and finished. Be a good girl in other words, right? I bet so.

“You are not leaving Brownton,” Kris began.

What? That was good news indeed, wasn’t it? Yes, it surefire was! 

I asked again, “You mean I am not—”

She cut me short straight away. “Yes, you are not going anywhere beyond the margins of this town.”

“Where will you have me go then? Where here in this lately small but up-to-the-minute town of ours.”

“Keep your cool, will you, please,” she reminded me.

Oh, oh! I had gotten over-sentimental and over-joyous, hadn’t I? I surefire had. Having mused and determined that, I stayed immobile and quiet, noiselessly praying that she would say out the entire thing just to cool and quiet down my inquisitiveness and nagging ache to be all aware of every little bit of tads and pieces.

“You are going to stay with someone supportive and trusted. He is a relative of ours and he knows quite well our secret that we are keeping away from the rest. You will be protected and okay in his hands.”

“Wait a minute please. How did he get to know our secret? Did you tell him about it or he just stumbled across the whole hidden thing. What specifically?”

“He found everything out after my sister, Lydia, died.”

“Go on.”

“He is Alvin Morgan. Lydia’s only living son.”

“Aunt Lydia had a son and you did not bother to make it known to me?”

“Yes. I had my own reasons for not telling you that. He is not like her genetic son. Lydia died without any child. The boy is child to her late husband, Stanley Morgan. The late and exceedingly well-off Stanley Morgan. South-African born and bred. Stanley’s life is one that is attention-grabbing and truly the only one of its kind. He was born from a middle class family and he worked his way till he started his own wine-manufacturing company, The Stanley Morgan Corporation, which today has grown hugely to become Africa’s leading wine-making firm. Its brand is so popular and well-known the world over. By the time that Stanley died, a very old man of ninety-five years of age, he was by then a multi-billionaire and one of the continent’s wealthiest men. Of course, after his death, his legacy officially went over into the ownership of his two alive children. Stanley and his sister, Adelaide. The two siblings are billionaires themselves. Stanley being the oldest and twenty-six years of age, and Adelaide following him, no more than twenty-four years old.”

Alright. Now I was beginning to understand why Kris had not introduced me to these two other exceptionally well-to-do relatives that I had. It was all thanks to their eternal heaps and sacks of money. The highest ones did not fit in with the lowest ones like us, right?

Hmnnn. Everything made some sort of logic, didn’t it? Of course, it did. I happened to be related to two self-important and lower-class hating tycoons that would look upon me as nothing but a creepy-crawly bug and bacterial pest to feed and suck on their possessions till I had grown so overweight and well-off myself that I could hardly breathe without any difficulty or fall asleep either. Well, I was not a gold-digger. And I did not want to be misguided for one. Oh no! It would be even horrifying and sickening to picture myself as one. Crap!

I stared at my food for a little while, silent and unmoving. 

Kris told me, “You must eat up quickly, treasured. I will have you leave for Alvin’s in a short while from now. He expects you to be at his place by ten. Somewhere around that time.”

“You haven’t given me directions on how to get to his majestic mansion, have you?” I babbled, scowling and rolling my eyes as I did so. Wait a second. How was I sure that Alvin’s was a king-like and very classy mansion? One whose worth would cost all the sum of money that I could ever work for till incredibly old age as a government civil servant? How was I so sure of that? 

“There is no need to direct you on how to get there, Sophia. Alvin will have someone take you there.”

What?

The door bell pinged at that moment. I stared at it in apprehension and shock, guessing that whoever was knocking there must be the one whom my well-to-do family member had sent to fetch me. Wasn’t that it?

Kris speedily rose up from her chair, announcing to me brusquely, “I will get that. Concentrate on getting your food finished please.”

I watched her open the door with prying and vigilant eyes. She turned back to glare at me irately and scoldingly. I stared away instantaneously, doing my best to finish what I had left on my plate. To be sincere with you, all my appetite was gone and nowhere to be found. I ate out of compulsion to finish everything that I had put on my plate. Not out of starvation or any craving.

The gentleman was honey-skinned and tall and muscular with undersized but coiled and twisted raven-colored hair. He was dressed and ravishing in absolute black. Squeaky clean and spick and span in other words. He had an earpiece affixed to one ear and a pair of very shady glasses held in one hand, glasses which you could stare at and not make out where his eyes were gawping at whilst he was able to see everything plainly and faultlessly on the other hand. He had to be a bodyguard, I deduced. Alvin’s bodyguard.

I had finished my food and took my stand from where I sat by the time that the man came to a halt before me and Kris. With his glasses unworn, he had an unsympathetic and grave look that was sort of unfriendly. Wait a moment. Was it outlawed for bodyguards to just smile and show some bit of gentleness, even for a split second? Was it?

“Good morning, Miss Ortiz,” the man greeted Kris.

“Good morning, sir.”

“Good morning, Sophia.”

“Good morning.”

How had he known my name and my identity all in all? I thought that Kris was a little bit younger to the extent that I almost didn’t seem to be her daughter. Like we were sisters or something of that sort. Whatever. This man had eyes and the smartness, didn’t he? I felt so.

“I am Eman Katongo. The guard that the boss, Mr. Morgan I do mean, consigned to come and get the young lady here.”

“You are welcome, Eman,” Kris said courteously. She then faced me. “Is your luggage ready, honey?”

I breathed out in relaxation. “Yup, it is, mother.”

“Why wait? Show it to Eman so he can carry it to his car.”

Uhmnnn…Kris had seen Eman’s car? I itched with want and longing to lay an eye on it. Was it like those super fast and eye-widening cars that were trendy in James Bond movies and the Spy Kids series? Was it that really incredible and out of the ordinary? There was only way to find out. Sitting inside it and enjoying the high-speed ride. Only then could I tell everything for certain.

Eman was the strongest man I had ever seen. But by no means any stronger than Alex. My Alex was just unbelievable and very funny. The way he—Eman, I do imply—carried my bags and stuff made it all bare and obvious. He didn’t let me carry a thing. Anyway, after insisting untiringly, he permitted me to take my weightless purse, which I made it clear and plain that I was not ever going to allow him lay any hand on it. He obliged to my request nonetheless.

Outside. It was all sunny and cloudy at the same time and warm and divine. The weather was so beautiful as much it was pleasurable and favorable. 

There Eman’s car was. My goodness! It was the most expensive car that I had ever seen. How did I know that it was the most pricey vehicle my eyes had ever snatched a dekko at? I don’t know. I just guessed. Tycoons and moguls are known to exclusively enjoy exceedingly luxurious things, right? Regardless of the answer to that, this was car was just fantastic and great. It had space to accommodate no more than two people, with unblemished and very lucid and sparkling windows that were molded and shaped in a curved and warped method. The wheels were just neat as a new pin and silver-like on all sides and strong-looking. The number plate was what made me bust a gut. It was labeled ‘EMAN 31.’ That 31. Was it his age or what? 

Eman packed my things into the trunk warily and tenderly. Phew. At least I didn’t have to do a thing. Or either tell him what to do. He knew what he had to do incredibly fine and he did it exceptionally well and mannerly. Kuddos!

I was leaving Kris. That hurt to realize; it in fact pained to bring to my awareness. I was going to say goodbye to the one and only motherly person that I adored and cherished like nothing else in this entire world. And what hurt worse was how I wasn’t even sure when I was going to see her yet again and where exactly and how. Would she be visiting me? I wanted that to go on very much.

Kris stood there before me, all cheerless and silent. Of course, there was no way she could possibly smile. Smile for what? For being separated and distanced away from her adored and valued daughter? Damn everything! Damn our suffering and the wickedness in this world itself! When was our pain and tears and ache going to finally and certainly end? When precisely?

“Mom,” I began, “It is time to go now, isn’t it?”

“Yes, my girl. I would want to hold you so tight in my arms right now and hug you and make you not go anywhere far away from me. But I can’t do that. You must leave. It is for your own safety and mine as well.”

“Tell me one thing please, will you?”

“What is it, honey?”

“Where will you be going yourself?”

“I am sorry, my darling. I can’t tell you that. It is not a wise thing to do.”

“Why can you not tell me?”

“The wardens may force you to disclose where I am if they happen to seize and capture you. And that would be quite devastating. I don’t want that to come about so please don’t ask me about it please, do you hear me?”

“I do, mommy.”

Kris and I hugged. That was the most emotional and in-tears moment ever. I squeezed and compressed her as firmly and very much as I could. No! I was saying goodbye and that hurt more than anything else. How would I live without her? Even if it was just for a couple of days, it felt like I was going to spend all infinity in the non-existence of her loving and friendly company.

“I love you, mommy,” I sobbed like a little child.

She patted my back calmly and caringly. “I love you too, my Sophia, and I will greatly and deeply miss you. Take care of yourself please. Alvin is a good man. Trust and obey him always, do you hear me?”

“I do, mother.”

“Before you sleep every night, I want you to all the time place a hand on your chest and whisper to yourself that mommy loves you. You can even do it with your eyes closed so that you can imagine me clearly sitted there besides your bed and placing my own hand on your chest. Do you give your word to do that each and every night, my precious girl.”

“I do, mother.”

“Good. Journey well then.”

Kris waved at me lightly and smoothly as the car left. I waved back. And that was it. There was no more sight of her, no more physical feel of her gentle touch and stroke, no more sound of her voice, its beautiful and engaging pitch forever gone, its tuneful and honey-like piece of music vanished behind. I loved her so very much. I definitely did.

As Eman was to some extent quiet and soundless like a lifeless tree, I found something else to keep me amused instead. I bought a Hollywood-based magazine down the street and perused it as we sped our way farther down, cautiously but a little bit heavily fast. Stars and their lives. It was not like I was a Hollywood aficionada. Any magazine that happened to feature a movie star or musician or whatever VIP that I recognized and liked very much was sure to be snapped up into my hands for reading and literary pleasure merely. Not that Hollywood alone was what produced stars and stories that I found amusing and engaging. Even Bollywood and Nollywood and our home-based Zollywood and so many more film-making industries. Only that the rest—except Tinsel town itself—had not that much prevalent and easily available reading stuff.

I KILLED MY GROOM STAR REVEALS HER LATEST SECRET DATE

I Killed My Groom. I liked that film. It motivated me even. A pleasant and interesting and irresistible story about a twenty-one year old girl whom everyone believes to have murdered her rich old husband by alcohol poisoning. Not that she did it. She didn’t. Someone else did it in her place. And went on to frame her as the actual killer. In fact, everything happened to her out of nowhere. In the whim of a spilt-second even. Natalie Schwartz was a girl with no reminiscence. She woke up in a comma to wed an elderly but still reasonably handsome and well-off man she didn’t know. A man who loved her like she felt she had never been loved before in her whole life. She didn’t resist him. She accepted everything he said as the entire and unambiguous truth. But then, that was the launching of her misfortune and hardship and intense affliction. 

I Killed My Groom. The day before she married Brady Colton, she understood that he would be dead. They made it all clear to her. Mystifying and top secret people who communicated to her through writings of blood on the walls. Whenever she called someone to come and see their announcements, she found the blood having dripped and fallen so low to the extent of wiping away everything that they had unveiled.

Natalie cried inside the house. She ever screamed. She yelped out all the time. She screeched at the top of her voice untiringly. Everyone thought she was going mad. Everyone believed her to be Brody’s actual murder who was trying to make use of madness as defense to be condoned and set free from her crime. Everyone supposed that she was highly wicked and merciless. Everyone hated and despised her. Everyone waited for that very day that she would sit on the electric chair. She was the nation’s worst ever nightmare. A horror and terror and rejection to the world even.

But deep down her heart, Natalie knew that the real killer was out there, parading the streets, swaggering on them joyfully even. If she wouldn’t hunt him down herself, no one was going to do it for her. No, not even those whose responsibility it was to investigate strongly into the case. Or her detective best friend. If she unmasked not the concealed killer, she was certain to die for a crime she was not guilty of.











CHAPTER THREE: ALVIN MORGAN

Fiction. That is what they describe it. Life is fiction if you didn’t know. Why do I say that? Our weird and achingly unlike stories, our dissimilar experiences, our unusual and at times too eccentric and unrealistic dreams. They are like fiction on their own, don’t you think? Yes, I myself do think that they are.

I Killed My Groom. Starring Jaime Winston as Natasha Schwartz and Bruce Strings as Brody Colton. That was one of my much loved movies. Released in 2017 by the Waterstone Pictures, a seemingly new and starting movie corporation. 

Did I dream to be a celebrity one day, you may wonder? Not at all. All I deeply and sincerely wanted to do was to make clothes that people the world over, not considering culture and religion, would gladly and smugly buy and wear. That was all that mattered in my life. At least for now, that was what by and large mattered.

We arrived to our destination. A nice-looking and sumptuous hotel out of town that was named ‘Kazula’s Brownton.’ It was such a pleasant and very magnificent place. I loved it. There were innumerable interspaced trees and cropped grass carpeting the ground and sweet-smelling flowers and wild animals and things of that natural sort. The place looked more of an animal park than a people-welcoming hotel. I liked it anyway. 

As much as I wanted to ask Eman about where it was that we had come here—I mean  was this where Alvin stayed in a classy hotel?—I was careful not to, for fear of provoking him. From the look of his face and its expression itself, he seemed like he was in no any feel for chit-chat or just about any form of mumble -gabble. Who cared anyway? I didn’t.

Having parked the car at long last, he faced me and stated, “Follow me please, will you?”

“Sure,” I said, making sure to grab my magazine with me so that I did not have to become lonely and companionless again. Oh yes, even in the presence and company of an individual or an assemblage of people, it is very possible to be relatively lonely and companionless. And even when you have no one around you, you may not be so lonely and stiff-bored to death. I followed Eman in any case. He walked fast but guardedly. That forced me to step up my pace for panic of being left behind. Why were bodyguards the most brutal and aloof people here on Earth, just like the police and soldiers were? 

Alvin Morgan. Even before I could come to meet him face to face, I began to picture up how he looked like. Blond or murky haired. Murky haired, I think. With large and striking muscles, like the ones that Alex had? Nay. Billionaires were the kind of people who did no any gymnastic or rigid work and they were typically chubby or lean with not that much vitality and muscle inside them. If the most wealthiest men in this world were determined by their strong point rather than their intelligence and talent and hard work, men like Alvin Morgan—commonplace but somewhat frail and even a little bit feminine (I do not mean to insult here. What I am trying to describe here is their tenderness and overgenerous gentleness instead of being hardheartedly cold-blooded and unfeeling)—would always be the poorest, doomed and ill-starred to be ruled and stamped down on by the wealthiest, the like of Muhammad Ali and Mike Tyson and our home but of-late profoundly well-built boxer Francis Galagata.

I frowned to myself. How many days would I have to spend with an overweight and all the time famished and very yielding—maybe nasty—rich man? I imagined what his suite looked like. Cartons and loads of for-grown-ups-specifically cornflakes on every shelf and cabinet, bars and never-ending masses of chocolate, bottles of drinks lying all over the floor…Okay, if he was a dirt-free man rather than a filthy one, then this was how his suite would be like: cigarette-smelling, neat bottles of alcohol on shelves and counter tops and coffee tables, the most up-to-date English tea served in his study, and so on.

I was wrong. Alvin was not any of these things that I expected him to be. He was smartly and impeccably dressed in black, just like Eman was, except that he was in jeans and a shirt and a charming jacket. My God! This man was incredibly and unbelievably too handsome. If I had to decide who was very handsome between him and Alex, I would be totally confused and mystified. Why? None of the two was more handsome than the other. They were both stunning and incredibly gorgeous. The world had very nice-looking men, didn’t it?

Young, wealthy, and stress-free, Alvin lounged down on a long white couch in the solitude of his suite, staring at the door with graceful and big-like fingers that were stroking his chin and moustache in that gorgeous and appealing manner. His skin was dark pale—a sign that he was a genuine white South African by ethnicity. Wait. Of course yes, he didn’t look Afrikaner-like. He looked English or British but not American like. How was I in no doubt that he had been born down there south of Africa and not up here in Zambia? I don’t know. I just guessed things.

With large icy blue eyes and twisted and curled ash blond hair—not very long nevertheless—Alvin was such an ideal and magnetic male visage that any common eye would ogle and marvel at. What made him exceedingly handsome? Well, maybe the piece of information that he was a billionaire. Damn me. Isn’t that what you call gold-digging?

“Sophia Solochi?” Alvin held as he stood up to walk over to me and Eman. Just his approach was as much as was necessary to make me relatively uneasy and out of breath like I had seen something ghostlike and heavenly-bodied. 

“Yes, I am Sophia, Mr. Morgan,” I replied apprehensively and timidly. Where was this coming from? Hadn’t I been audacious and unafraid a while ago? And now I was this scared and trembling. Well, Alvin was not just any commonplace human being. Yes, he was human and not undying. But his farthest societal height and position made him very dissimilar than a nobody me. I was a nobody. While he was a somebody. For sure.

My God. He started to ogle me as well. “Don’t call me by that name—Mr. Morgan. You are free to address me by my first name. I am simply Alvin.”

“Alright, Alvin.” Uhmnn…I was still not that comfortable and at ease addressing him by his first name. Mr. Morgan was much better, wasn’t it? I thought so.

“Sophia, you are welcome. This is my suite. I have been here for two nights or so. And I plan to leave tonight. We will both be going to my house located deep in the forest.”

The both of us? I mean just the two of us? And was it even a very good thing to do? Eman had to come with us. I wanted it that way. Anyway, I was not the one making rules here, or was I? No, I was not. Definitely not. 

Phew. I sighed to myself, doing my best to not move my gaze away from Alvin. The way he looked at me made me feel a bit panicky and embarrassed. It was like I would do something brainless and make myself seem irrational and dumb in his eyes. I presume I was not so, right?

“I hope that Eman introduced himself to you, did he?”

“Yes, he did. It was the first thing he did upon arriving home.”

“Good. That was civil and kind of him. He is Eman Katongo. My personal bodyguard.”

“I know his name. But I didn’t know that he was your personal bodyguard.”

“Well now you know, don’t you? I have many special guards. Most of them working for me on a shift basis. Eman here is my top bodyguard. He is the head and chief of all my guards.”

“Okay. So how many guards do you have?”

Damn me! How could I be so careless and unintelligent? Didn’t I think that I was becoming too inquisitive and prying into Alvin’s not-public matters? Who cared if he had just one bodyguard or a legion of them? Damn you, Sophia. Mind your tongue, will you?

“I have many guards, Sophia. I can’t tell you the exact number.”

“Sorry. It was just careless and unthinking of me to ask that. That is quite personal and private.”

The worst image I could ever show to Alvin was that I was this snoopy and nosy, which I was not. Nosy people make better spies in case you didn’t know. This world is so full of them that our governments wouldn’t run short of its Intelligence personnel. No, it wouldn’t. The bad side? Meddlesome people can be disloyal even to themselves. Trusting them is selling yourself out.

“Would you like tea or what type of drink, Sophia?”

“Juice please.”

“Ivy,” Alvin called out, snapping his fingers momentarily. She came to view straight away from the room next to ours. My, my. What was she? A maid or what?

Upon taking her stand before him, compliant and silent, she bowed her head in that cooperative and reverential manner. “Yes, sir.”

“Give the lady what she has requested for,” Alvin instructed.

She moved away quickly. Without asking me what I had called upon for? Wait a minute. Had she heard everything that I had said? I mean my voice was so low and barely perceptible for her to pick up what I had mentioned from that other side. Maybe she had heard. Possibly not.

“Let us sit, shall we?” Alvin offered.

I agreed and we sat down on the stretched white couch where he had been of late sitting alone. Who-o-wie! What a day this was! Sitted here before one of the continent’s most moneyed men? I was dreaming. Seriously. A reverie I did not want ever to get pleasure from.  

Once we were sitted, Alvin looked at me, benevolently and fervently. “So Sophia, what do you do in life? Are you still in high school, college, or maybe you are working some standard job? Tell me about yourself and your interests.”

“I finished high school two years ago and I am now about to enter college. University that is.”

“How old were you when you completed high school?”

“Sixteen. Now I am eighteen years old. Two years older than then.”

“Okay. Which university is this that you want to go to?”

“Brownton.”

“Oh. I know it. I have got a friend there. I hardly ever do visit him but we are always in touch by one means or another. So have you applied there already or what?”

“I already have. I am just waiting to hear back from them. I also applied at other colleges but it is Brownton that I more often than not want to attend.”

“Why it of all the colleges here? I hear that they are more than sixteen of them operating and running.”

“I want to do Fashion and Designing and Brownton is the only institute offering that course.”

“I get it. That course is also relatively new in our country. By the way, my company is looking for a model to do an advertisement for our newest brand, Stanley Morgan Merveilleux. It is our newest and very sweetest brand of wine. Not alcohol actually. Wouldn’t you want to be that model we will feature on our latest brand.”

“I am not a model, Mr. Morgan. Sorry, I mean Alvin. I am a clothes designer and nothing more than that.”

“That doesn’t matter. You can still be part of the deal and design your very own clothes for the advertisement. Of course, you will have to dress in them for the advert itself. We will first launch the wine in France and South Africa and the United States, and if it does well there, it will be available all the world over. The reason it has a French name. Merveilleux. Or wonderful in English.”

What? The tycoon was asking me to strike a pose in an advertisement for his latest variety of wine. And did I have to turn that down? Definitely not. I would move heaven and earth and even kill to get that kind of transaction. By kill, I don’t mean to say that I would even be capable of murder or contract killing. Satanic ones much more just to achieve fame and riches. I would do just about anything within the limits of my sanity to reach that soaring height that Alvin was lifting me to. God bless him for that. He was offering me a chance and opportunity to showcase to the world the skill and invention with which I could make our clothes comparatively comfortable things to always be in.

“Well, Alvin, to be plain honest with you, I am so flattered and grateful in relation to this wonderful opportunity that you are offering me. Yes, I agree to be part and parcel of that advert that you want me to involve myself in.”

“Fine. I will have you sign up for the contract tomorrow morning. The pay will be relatively good as well. It is good money in other words. So you don’t have to worry about anything at all.”

I didn’t care about the money. All that really mattered was me standing there before the posh and high-technological camera in my very own designed clothes and posing this manner and that other—just like I would be told to do—and then captcha! I would be all over the billboards and magazines and newspapers and television and maybe even in radio adverts. Who-o-wie! That would be so great and amazing. Showcasing what I could devise with my own hands and sewing machine to the world at large. Kuddos!

Ivy returned two minutes later with a glass of juice laid on a stainless steel tray. When she asked if Alvin would like to have anything, he turned down her proposal and dismissed her. Off she went, with Eman following her, to leave me and this greatly fine-looking man on our own. I felt like I had come to seventh heaven. Alvin was just fun and amusement to hang about with.

It was now night. All dark and lightless. I slept on the couch before the very broad and gigantic wall—all untainted glass—from where I could unmistakably and straightforwardly see outside with just one easy and unproblematic stare. Whew! Alvin stood before me in the face of the see-through glass wall and he was talking with someone on the phone in Afrikaans. Hmnnn. Was he connected to South Africa or what? It seemed he was talking to a woman with a deep but exceptionally mild voice, almost like a man’s. Chantal was her name. I heard him say it out several times. Chantal van Merowe. Was she Afrikaner? Most likely. 

When he was over and finished with her, he flapped close his cell and rounded over to me, smiling happily. “That was Chantal van Merowe. My special aide. She will organize a team of guards to come here and take us to my in-depths forest-located home in a little bit while. Get yourself ready please.”

“I in all probability will.”

I stood up from the couch and went to review my luggage. It was safe and secure, with Eman keeping a close and wary eye on it. By the time I returned back to the living room, I found it swarmed and guarded with Alvin’s just-arrived security men. They were all dressed in black with IDs preset on their immaculate jackets on the site of their chests. They were seven men altogether. All wary and constantly staring about. 

Alvin talked with one of them temporarily and then swerved sharply to announce to me, “We are taking our leave right now. There is no need to be worried and afraid of anything.”

“Would you do me an act of kindness, Alvin. I’d like to talk to Kris right now. Please.”

He looked a bit cheerless and bothered. I trusted that nothing bad had happened to her. No, not to my dear and adorable mother. No. 

“Did anything dire happen to her?”

“No. She is okay. I talked with her a moment ago. She has already left your home.”

I breathed out. I hoped that that was the actual truth and not a mere lie to make me feel better about her. I trusted so.

“Can I call her? Kris I mean?”

“You cannot now,” Alvin counseled, “You will call her when we arrive were we are going. You agree to that?”

“No problem,” I said submissively.

He smiled ironically and benevolently. “Thank you for being compliant, Sophia. We may now leave if you don’t mind.”

“I don’t.”

“Good.”

Alvin drove me in his car. Two cars were behind us and two were ahead of us. All black and posh-looking. Hmnnn. This man was living like a president, right? It was what it seemed. His was a very-far-above -the-ground and extremely good quality life. I wondered what it must be like to be born in his shoes and grow with an ocean of material goods just for you to bask and stir in liberally and joyfully till the day that you will breathe your last. Life was great for Alvin, wasn’t it? It most probably was.

“How long will this drive be?” I asked him tenderly, hoping that he would not find my approach provoking and disturbing. Wouldn’t he? I trusted so.

“Just an hour. We will then go to a helicopter airstrip. Or a heliport in other words. We need a helicopter to make it to our destination.”

“I didn’t know,” I expressed serenely. “How far is it really? Is it not possible for us to make it there by an ordinary car?”

“It is. But that will take an additional two more hours if we are that fast even. The road is this curved and turned repeatedly. A helicopter is amazingly quick and instantaneous. What? Do you want us to go there by car?”

“Not really. A helicopter will be all right. By the way, I haven’t boarded one in the complete course of my life so far. It will be my utmost thrill and delight to be aboard one today.”

Alvin looked at me, surprised and confound, but then not that actually astounded and dumbfound. What could he expect from an underprivileged someone like me? To continually and every day be aboard lavish and marvelous-built helicopters? Well, that was not the case. The only helicopter I had was that pricey car that Kris had bought me. Nothing else.

“Are you married?” I asked Alvin to break our bizarre silence. Damn me for it! It was such an inappropriate question to ask, wasn’t it? Oh yes, it sure was. At that premature age of his, though being youthful and very wealthy, nothing could hold him back from taking as many wives as he felt like. Despite the fact that the bible forbade that type of practice. Solomon had was it about a thousand wives and a supplementary seven hundred concubines or girlfriends in other words? Alvin most likely had five hundred wives and a couple hundred more girlfriends. How the hell in the world was a man supposed to uphold and balance faultlessly fine that weighty kind of relationships? Hmnnn. Men and their not so steadiness.

“I am not married, Sophia,” Alvin replied self-assuredly and evenly. Hmnnn. He sounded so pleased and conceited about it. What was he waiting for to walk down that damn aisle? I mean he had all the funds and time and everything in the world to offer and make available to his gorgeous wife. Maybe he was still searching for his right fit. Perhaps. Either case, he must have had a girlfriend then.

The odd silence began again. I hated it. What? Had something tied his tongue? Alvin’s of course? I made a face and stared besides me out the window. The trees were racing and whizzing at lethal pace away from us.

Alvin put on some piece of music. Yes. That was much better than both of us being quiet and mute inside here. Much, much better and preferable. I did not recognize the artiste who was singing. Whoever he was, his voice was magnificently sweet and his songs and lyrics made perfect and total sense. From time to time, he would sing as deafeningly and quietly as he could and then conclude his song only to start all over again and carol into our ears with a dissimilar song. This had to be an album of him indeed. Probably. 

“Who is he?” I asked Alvin, peeking at him hurriedly and momentarily than I intended to.

“Eugene Ludwig. He is an older and well-known artiste. Haven’t you heard about him?”

“No, I haven’t.”

Alex. It had been a little while since I thought and even mused about him. Oh yes, I was missing him intensely. He hadn’t called or texted or e-mailed or been in any form of contact with me for hours repetitive. Wait a minute. Couldn’t he already have replaced me with someone else? I mean, men, you cannot really and honestly have faith in them. Men are something else.

We at last made it to the heliport. Mukonto Heliport that is. It was extensive-spaced, airy, and surrounded with a sky-scraping and electrified-looking fence. Oh yes, one could without problems see the helicopters where they were stationed and sited. This was my first time ever seeing a heliport! And I was going to ride a real copter itself. Who-o-ow! Unbelievable, wasn’t it? Kris had bragged to me about how pleasurable and enjoyable it was to be ensconced down in a helicopter and now I was going to have something brilliant and cool to brag to her as well. Oh yes, I would!

“Finally we have arrived,” Alvin expressed out, shutting off the ear-splitting music about us.

I smiled readily. Remember, this had been a dream I did not ever want to paint the town red in. Anyway, how was I supposed to run away from it? My worst dread was that I would wake up to realize that I had landed myself in a chaos and disarray far terrible and devastating and grievous than when Germany and its buddies appallingly lost the Second World War back there in 1944. It didn’t matter for now.

I could not believe it as Alvin and I walked to the helicopter. All glass and gorgeous-looking and en-ravishing. I wanted to touch and run my hand easily and coolly over it. I didn’t. Maybe if there was no one to watch and observe me I would do that without any second thought. Mayhap. Who-o-wie! When was this dream going to finish? When precisely?

Once we were sitted, with four of his men boarding with us and the remainder staying off farther down there at the heliport just for this while to watch us take off into the air, I grinned gleefully but temporarily for fear of Alvin or his men noticing how exaggeratedly I was walking in the air in very far-above-the-ground spirits. It would look like mine and Kris’ was a very deprived and in need household that could not refuse without any rational thinking to bask into any goodly privilege that may arise up before us. You know what? Once these verily wealthy people discover that you have an unquenchable want and longing for their riches, they will make use of it to enchain and misuse you. Money is the up-to-date instrument of slavery. It is a novel form of slavery even.

The forest beneath was shadowy and ray-less. So dim that all that I could see and distinguish was the mere form and features of lofty and giant tress. Not all trees were elevated and gargantuan in dimension though. Some were lean and slight-bodied. I stared at them as they moved before my eyes, progressively and brilliantly. Wow. What a pleasant and likable visage this was from high above here.

While the copter stirred and journeyed in the boundless sky, its blades rotating and gyrating with a considerably deafening sound that was reduced all thanks to the pair of headset that we were wearing on, Alvin placed a wary hand on my shoulder and stroked it frivolously and charily. Oh my! There was a breathtaking and out-of-this-world feel to his touch and stroke. I guessed not that he was starting to fall in love with me, or was he? 

His forest house was greatly stunning and oversize. It was a bungalow in other words. Not two-storied or three-storied or any of the like. My! It was all glass and concrete and wooden merged. The blend of these three was done adequately and aptly. It was like paradise. Electrified and so hushed and inaccessible from the rest of the world.

I sucked in a mouthful of air and then went on to clamber my way out of the copter that had parked on a plain of infinite green grass, all endless and in good physical shape. Wow. What a day this was to me! While I was struggling my way out of my seat and the open helicopter itself, Alvin reached over to me and held me steadfastly and warmly, smiling even, and he pulled me down to lodge my feet properly and suitably. I smiled back at him, indebted and delighted.

“Thanks, Alvin, for your kind help,” I stated to him.

His eyes unstirred from mine. “It is my joy to be of relief to you, Sophia.”

He showed me the room he had prepared for me. Together with Chantal van Merowe. Hmnnn. So she was here and not in…South Africa. It was a shocker on my part. Chantal was honey-blond and green-eyed and fair-skinned and normal-heighted with glasses that were worn to without blemish go well with her black suit. She was kind and welcoming towards me nonetheless. I liked her behavior and conduct. We could be best friends even though I was just eighteen while she must in all probability have been in her mid-thirties or so.

“Like I made known to you, Chantal is my special aide,” Alvin let out to me. “If you feel that you need anything from her, you are at no cost to call her to your aid and service. For the meantime, she will be working both. My special aide and the housekeeper on the other hand.”

I simply smiled indulgently, making sure that I reserved eye contact with Chantal herself. She smiled back contentedly and humanely. I was starting to like her.  A lot more indeed. Crap, not in that queer way. That is now what I imply here. 

“So for the start, Miss Solochi,” Chantal began, “I have arranged everything here like you would need it. If you have a fondness for coffee or chocolate, you can say it now so that I make sure it is delivered to you in good time before you drop off to bed. What do you say?”

“I would like chocolate please.”

“Okay. I will have it hot and ready in no more than ten minutes. I will be right back. Excuse me please.” At that, Chantal went away, bowing down her head courteously to both me and Alvin. Her high heels clanked on the floor piercingly as she went away.

Alvin revolved over to me then, beaming and grinning merrily. His charming sight dazzled and overpowered me. “I guess that you won’t need me for anything now, right?”

“I am thankful for everything you are doing for me now. To be sincere with you, I don’t know how to exactly settle you up. I just don’t know how to do that.”

“There is no need for you to pay me off me with anything, Sophia. Nothing at all.”

“You are such a kind-hearted man, Alvin.”

“And you are such an endearing young lady, Sophia. You are in many ways alike to my sister, Adelaide. I have for all eternity loved her so very much. Something tells me that that grand love and care I hold for her in my heart is in a little while to be yours as well.”

I didn’t frankly know what to say to that. I stayed totally quiet as Alvin walked over to me and placed a tender hand on my cheek, stroking and caressing it nonchalantly and without restraint. My eyes shut at that instant, tears slipping out freely. Damn me! I was crying. Of course, I was supposed to. Why did I even permit him to touch me when I knew that it was Alex alone whom my heart and secretive world was predestined to go halves with. Why did I suffer this man to do all this to me without staying him off away? Why?

When I opened my eyes, he was gone, departed, nowhere to be seen. I hadn’t seen him disappear or stroll away from me. Damn me for my silliness and unbounded gentleness! Damn me for everything! I fell down on my just-now comfy bed and mopped away the tears that I had on my face. Chantal didn’t have to come across me crying. No, it would make it seem like Alvin had done something terrible to hurt and wound me when I alone was to blame for everything that had freshly happened.

I swallowed the hurting truth into my stomach. There was no Alex, no Kris, no anyone I loved to the very core. All about me were alien but sociable people. When was I going back home? I missed my old life. This latest one, it was bothering and unsettling me. 

To my surprise and glee, Chantal returned just in time carrying a mug of hot chocolate in her hand. She handed it over to me, smiling genially, “Here you are, Sophia.”





CHAPTER FOUR: FABULOUS

“Thank you, Chantal. I appreciate it. I sincerely do.”

“You are welcome, my girl.” She stroked and toyed with my hair brusquely as she said the words out. I saw tears flashing and shimmering in her eyes. The way she voiced out the word ‘my girl’ made it sound and seem like I was her genuine and blood daughter. 

“Do I remind you of someone?”

“You do. My little girl, Abigail. She must be your age right now.”

“Where is she?”

“Lost. Kidnapped. In the middle of I don’t know where. They took away my dearest little girl when she was barely fifteen years of age. The police haven’t found her ever since then.”

I felt so heartbroken and unhappy for her. That was quite moving and touching. What must be it like to have your one and only girl you love in the world taken away from you? If I were in her shoes, I would howl and search all over the world without a stop. Too bad, wasn’t it?

Twenty minutes later Chantal was not here. I sat alone on my bed, just about to finish the cup of hot chocolate she had given me. Hmnnn. I loved chocolate. It was my fascination even; and my most wanted too.

Once through with it, I grabbed my cell and rang up Kris. She was quick to answer the call, an indication that she was in the same way impatient and eager to hear back from me. I closed my eyes all the long while that we talked, imagining her facial features and body language and movement as though she was right close to me all the instance we chatted. 

“Sophia, I am happy that you called.”

“You weren’t calling to update me on how things are with you.”

“I know. I’m so full of activity at the moment. There is a lot to do before I get to sleep and it all seems like no advancement and improvement is showing so far. How is it with you there at Alvin’s?”

“Fine. It is all fine and alright.”

“Is he with you right now?”

“No. I am just on my own in my room.”

“I can assure you that all will be well very soon. Don’t give up all hope, my dear, you hear me?”

“Yes, I do, mommy.”

“That’s my girl. How is Alvin treating you so far?”

“I have nothing to complain about so far. Absolutely nothing to whine on at all.”

“Okay.”

“Are you safe and protected? There were you are?”

“I am. Please, Sophia, do not fret about me at all. I am safe and sound like you can rightly tell on the phone.”

“It is such a good thing. It actually is. By the way are you on your own or with someone else.”

“I am by myself.”

“Where exactly? I just need to know the place. Is it in Brownton here?”

“Kitwe. Though I am leaving the town tomorrow morning.”

“You will be switching places like continuous, right?”

“I am not telling you the answer to that one.”

An hour. That was how long I held my discussion with Kris on the phone. I asked if she was communicating with me with the utility of her cell or what. She was using an earpiece, she made known. A wireless one that could function even with her phone put farther than walking distance away from her. It just had to be in the room that she occurred to be. I furthermore asked what it was that she was in fact doing. Typing particular work documents. They had to be all set and completed by tomorrow, meaning that she would have to sleep very delayed if essential. Oh yes, she probably would. 

By the time I was off-contact with Kris, I discovered that Alex had been trying to reach me but in vain. He left me a voicemail. “Hi, Sophia. Call me when are you are through with your current call. I am missing you big time. I love you, my dear.”

“Alex.”

“My sweet angel.”

“Sorry. I was talking with my mother. Whenever I am having a conversation with her, we almost seem to forget that everything pleasing and pleasurable has to come to a crystal-clear ending. How are you doing by the way?”

“Fine. Aren’t you and your mother staying in the same house or is she away from home?”

“We both are not home and we are in very far-away places.”

“Where are you right now?”

“At a relative’s.”

“Will I still be able to see you?”

“I am not sure about that now. But I will tell you if things get approving and favorable.”

“I will kill first you and I myself lastly if that is the end of the two of us. Why do we have to be away and separated? Why us?”

“That is just how life is, Alex. Hostile and green-eyed and bothersome.”

“The results for your interview are out already. Have you heard?”

“No. You are the first one to enlighten me. I had no idea. Where did you hear that?”

“From school itself. They have even stuck the listing of students that were accepted into their diverse syllabuses. And you are one of them, Sophia.”

“Really?”

“I cross my heart to you.”

I jumped up and down on my bed, squealing and screaming out raucously. Then I fell quiet all of a sudden, reproving myself for being so loud and slipshod. Ooops! Did everyone in the house have to find out about my lately acknowledged admittance and entry as a first year student at Brownton? With Alex still on the phone, I fetched my laptop and split it open and switched it on hurriedly and logged into my Gmail account as speedily and proficiently as I could. It took a handful of seconds for the page to load entirely and there the e-mail showed in my inbox from Debora Chanda, Aide and Assistant to the Human Resource Head at Brownton University. Her picture was integrated underneath along with her autograph.  

Dear Sophia Solochi,

It is with contentment and glee that I make known to you about your reception and admittance as a first year stood at Brownton University in the itinerary of Fashion and Design. To collect your calendar of this semester’s curriculums and the typical fees themselves, please show up for Registration at our Registry slab this impending week starting from Monday the 5th of June till Friday the 9th. Remember to bring with you your National Registration Card (NRC) and (High) School Leaver’s Certificate. Any added requirements shall be disclosed to you as obligatory.  

I almost passed out. This couldn’t be happening. I had been approved to be a student at Brownton? Thank God for it! This was great news definitely. 

I hardly slept. Mostly due to the excitement and bliss that was swelling and burgeoning inside me. It had been my dream to study Fashion and Design. A trance that was just about to come true. One day, I would start up my own clothes-making company and run it as seriously and arduously as I could. That was all I ever wanted to do in this life. Dressing people and dressing them real good.

Five in the morning. About to strike six o’clock. It was still shady outside. I watched the sky and the never-ending forest before me through the ample and spacious glass wall that looked this unbelievably strong and enduring. Of course, an usual axe was not tough enough to rent and shatter it. Maybe ramming a car against it would effect that.

I went over to the living room and sat down to browse the net on my laptop. No, not with that older one that Jack and Joshua Zimba gave me as their bequest. This was a new one that Kris had secured for me six months ago. Yes. It wasn’t that very latest indeed.

I launched the Airtel Zambia Mobile Broadband application that went hand in hand with my modem, the screen before me being all this gleaming and sparkly and predominantly red and hardly ever white and black and yellow and so on… I in conclusion looked for Mozilla Firefox…and that was it from then. The browsing was this fast and instantaneous and exceedingly fantastic. I loved the internet. I cherished Airtel too.

http://www.google.com/

Followed by,

John Legend All of Me mp3 download clip.dj

And search!

I downloaded both the video and the mp3. I liked the mp3 a lot more. Why? Without watching anything, I could listen to the lovable and engaging song playing and without stinting imagine every romantic thing happen between me and Alex. I felt like he was John Legend, singing to me gently and tunefully. Oh yes, that had to be my not well-known Alex and the famed John coalesced. With my eyes closed I began to imagine everything brilliantly and astonishingly…Alex holding my hands, him stroking my cheek leisurely and generously, him smiling at me merrily and from the bottom of his heart, him talking to me on the phone, him mad and aggravated with me, discouraged and dissatisfied even…I was going to break to tears. Definitely. I had to stop this. Certainly.

I took away my earphones from where I had secured them and opened my eyes as rapidly and suddenly as I could. I was crying. And Alvin was sitted there right before me, sharp-eyed and totally on the alert Sh*t!


“Al-vin,” I stuttered, timid and mortified to the extent that if it was possible, I could have concealed myself under the face of nowhere. He had been watching? Everything? Oh yes, he definitely had been all eyes and conscientious to what I was doing. What could he be now thinking about me? What exactly?

“Have I broken up any exceptional moment?” He asked as if to taunt and deride me, but then he was grim and stern-faced as he said it. 

What had I done? What? Damn me a thousand times!

“I will leave you if you don’t take felony at it so you can carry on with what you were doing.”

“No, Alvin , don’t…it’s not what you think…it is not like I am round the bend or crazy even.”

“I didn’t say you are crazy, Sophia.”

“I am so possessed with the song I was listening to. All of Me by John Legend. That’s all.”

“That explains everything pretty well. I have to get somewhere in the meantime.”

“Don’t do this to me, Alvin. Please don’t. I am not chasing you away from…”

“Hold it there please. No more another word from you. Don’t finish that sentence or else you are going to irritate me.”

I had never seen him be this frightened and irate at the same time. What had I done to him? Oh, oh. I had better learn to stir my tongue with awareness.

“Look, I am sorry, Sophia,” he afterwards apologized. “I didn’t mean to alarm or frighten the hell out of you. I am verily sorry. It’s just that…it was so noticeable and observable that you are so in love. You seem to love this man exceedingly much.”

“I am not in love, Alvin.”

“I am not a kid, Sophia, to be fooled and pulled the wool over my eyes. Yes, you are in love. I can see it in your eyes and in your tears and I can even take notice of it in your voice. You are deeply and seriously in love. Who is he? Tell me just his name. I won’t say a word about it to Kris. I swear.”

God. This couldn’t be happening. How was Alvin able to see and read my life? How was he able to do all this?

I discovered that I was crying and hastily swabbed away my tears. This was no right time to be emotional, Sophia. This was not the good time and occasion to be frail and fragile-like. It wasn’t. I had to be strong. Exceptionally strong indeed.

“Alex. His name is Alex Ramirez. The man that I am in love with.” 

The sunlight swelled and scattered throughout the sky, agilely and effulgently. Birds tweeted and caroled and warbled in the majestic-heighted trees that were surrounding Alvin’s gorgeous house. The air was easy-going and temperate and pleasing moreover. I felt so alive and fresh this morning like I had enjoyed my chock-full and required sleep the times-of-yore night. Thank God I was still living and breathing and so full of activity and commotion. Another day, another happiness, another sorrow, another struggle. 

In Alvin’s large office with wooden and concrete walls, I sat before his majestic and stately-like chair that was a bit lofty than mine and he had me sign the contract that we had agreed on the prior day. I did it promptly and eagerly, with the accessibility of his guidance and counsel whenever I was undecided and unsure on what next to do. He was so cooperative and supportive in every step of the way. I admired and treasured him for that.

Once we were over and ended, he told me, “There is one more thing remaining.”

“Which is?”

“We need photos of you. The best ones we can take. They will verify how experienced and appropriate you are for this advert. Fine, we will do it this way. I myself along with Eman will be like your agents. We will organize places where we can take snapshots of you. You just have to handle the dressing and also make certain that your poses are very good quality and the ideal thing. Don’t you think that is good?”

“I have no disagreements with you.”

“Good then. Let us get ready and moving then, shall we, Sophia?”

“Definitely, Mr. Morgan…oh, I mean Alvin.”

He smiled brusquely at that. “To you I am always Alvin and never am I Mr. Morgan.”

Eman was good-looking and dazzling this morning. He hit me as being unbelievably handsome. In count to that, there was a certain might and energy to him that I couldn’t straightforwardly explain but which I could only evidently and painlessly see. He was the customary. Quiet, serious-looking, and barely any well-mannered or welcoming. Was it part of his requirement to be impolite and standoffish?

Alvin said, “The first place we will shoot photos of you will be in my colonnade. I have an art gallery inside there. Don’t be bothered about the paintings and art and moldings in there. I want you to pose your best ever fashions. Will that be okay?”

“Most probably.”

What a glorious opening it was to showcase what I could do with my clothes-designing and invention ability! Of course, I had to start now with this uncomplicated photo shoot and make myself dress as best properly and satisfactorily as I ever could. Only then could I become more at ease and liberated with bigger and forthcoming ventures. Thirty minutes. They were the first of what Alvin and Eman made reachable to me to prepare and ready myself for our first round of photo-shoots in his fine-looking colonnade. 

This is what I chose—of course, I had on my part made and fashioned that up a while ago: A white below-the-knee-extended dress, all basic and design-free, without any sketches or drawings on it. It was squat-sleeved with expansive and far-reaching sleeves that would flap and rift each time that the air waved and moved past them. Its collar was a bit lowered farther down my chest, meaning yes, it showed a speck of my full-size breasts and nothing more than that. I straightened and raked my hair smooth in it so as to look pleasurable and respectable. The shoes that I selected for this were a crumb stylish but easy-going. They were basically flat shoes. White in color. With that made apparent, it is all up to you to make out whether I was enthralling in unadulterated white or not.  

The instant Alvin saw my dress, he elevated an eyebrow, splitting open his lips vaguely. I almost giggled. Not that I was firm and bent on seducing him. I wasn’t. I was dressing as best and fittingly as I could. “That is good for sure, Sophia,” he disclosed to me, beaming and smiling blissfully.

I thanked him for that. Swiftly and with good grace, he snatched the camera from Eman’s grip and reserved and confined it in his. “I will be the one to take the photos if you don’t mind, Eman. Just make sure that it is fine and up-to-standard where I am taking snapshots of her.”

Eman agreed softly, not protesting or murmuring out any trivial word. “I will do just that, sir.”

Alvin winked at me excitedly. I returned his wink kindly and diaphanously. “Please move this side, Sophia,” he directed.

I did my best to make my movements as refined and unflawed as I could probably make them. I mean that was what models were supposed to do, right? I thought so.

My…my…I didn’t mean to do it…but I just happened to pull towards me Alvin’s entire senses and awareness like crazy. Men were so perceptive and chary to feminine locomotion, weren’t they? Except they were gay or exceedingly pious in either circumstances. 

“No, Sophia, not like that. Try something like this instead.”

Alvin’s was a hurried and laughable pose that made me and Eman chuckle noiselessly and happily. Eman had smiled and chortled inaudibly! And his was a certainly disarming and gracious-like smile. If only he could wear it at all times and occasions. If only. 

After Alvin was finished with his ridiculous pose, I mimicked how he had precisely done it. By the way I did recognize what pose it was that he was trying to imitate. Yes, I did. There…there…almost there, honey…oh yes, that was how it was exactly done. Steadily and smoothly, with you feeling the delight and kick and satisfaction that came with moving your body this way and that other manner…it was all exhilarating and amusing to go on the town in. 



 


  

CHAPTER FIVE: THE APPALLING TRUTH

Alvin’s eyes on me were so spellbound and engrossed more than anything else. Eman had a you-look-quite-gorgeous face that was tweaked and interfused with considerable grimacing and scowling. I didn’t get it. Why couldn’t he just for a concise flash show me some gentleness and good manners? What wrong had I precisely done to him? It was all so baffling and maddening. I had a sneaky sensation that he detested me logically and impetuously. Most possibly. Either case, I was here with Alvin whether he liked it or not and I was getting some photos carried through in spite of whatever despicable thing he contemplated and held relating to me.

The photo shoot with Alvin was just cool and remarkable. It was one of my best moments ever. Yes, even making me bear in mind that long-ago moment when I had posed with Alex at Sam’s Lobelia for grand and breathtaking photos. Oh yeah…that sort and like. Shit! How come Alvin was reminding me of Alex…my Alex…well for now he was not here and instead I was with him…Alvin.

I stirred myself this way and that other, smiling, or staying calm and straight-faced, all in accordance with what he was directing me to act. If he said smile, I grinned gladly and tolerably. If he said, give me a cool, calm and collected face, baby, with no any form of smile or crinkle or sensation, I did what he said. Yes, he spoke out that word to me. Baby. And it made me hoot and laugh quietly deep inside. 

“Great so far,” he muttered. “This is all hard to believe and fantastic.”

We had another second round of photos. No, not in the colonnade. But in the study this time. I dressed efficiently and professionally. Yes, like I was a work-going woman or even an entrepreneur herself. I loved my outfit. An unadorned and straightforward gray skirt suit with a white shirt and no tie preset on. My shoes were black and unblemished. I lodged down on his kingly-like chair with much ease and then looked directly at him and Eman behind. He smiled at me cheerfully and thoughtfully, winking even. I winked back agreeably with a huge and hospitable grin plastered on my face. Then he began taking the photos.

“Move right. Spinning in your chair that is. I want you to give me your best ever smile from sideways, with your long curly hair arranged well and wonderfully down your shoulders. Is that okay with you, baby?”

“I will give it my best try, Alvin.”

“Sharp then.”

I did as I was instructed to. Who-oa-h! This was just unbelievable. I twisted myself along with the chair littly, making it sway and spin a little bit with a moderate croaking-like noise, and then I gawked straight at him but in a sideways pose, and with that completed, I shot him my best ever smile, baring my teeth and even imagining them polished and glinting in the face of his eyes. Were they polished and glassy-like-shining actually? By the way, my long and now properly curled hair was streaming and cascading down my shoulders in a gentle-like but nice-looking way. Yeah. Beautifully even.

Captcha! Captcha! And captcha again! He was done; he surveyed the photos he had taken, bedazzled and shocked with his very own achievement. His lips parted bit by bit like he had caught abrupt glimpse of a very sweet lollipop that he was just about to throw into his mouth and lick it nicely and at his own relaxed pace.

The third round of photos was in one of his secretive lounging rooms. All huge and well-furnished. In this one, all the fittings and fixtures were white. Purely and comprehensively white. I loved white, but it was by no means my much loved color.

“It is to some extent truly freezing in here although it is totally and altogether painted white,” I passed comment after we had stepped into the room. Yes. There was a certain chilliness and austerity to it that sank its teeth and gnawed deep into my flesh. And taking into account that I was wearing just a stretched white dress with high-reaching slits that ended somewhere up my thighs, it was like torment itself.

Alvin sighed, frowning lightly. “I am sorry about that. But whoever will look at your photos will not be able to know that they were shot in this chilly and bleak-seeming room of mine. Which is why we must keep on with this, Sophia. In any case, we will be speedy and short-lived, I give my word.”

“Let’s hope so.”

“Now lie down on the couch, will you? Yes, just like that. Listen, I want you to hurl one hand behind you and place the elbow of your other hand right there in front of you. Exactly like that, baby. Raise up your chin and head all in all and stare up towards me mischievously and alluringly. Good. I want you to tear open your lips a bit as if you are about to open your mouth and say something. Excellent, baby. Now concentrate and here I come.”

Captcha! Captcha! And captcha again. Who-o-wie! This was sweet and loveable. I liked it so very much. You might be wondering if the light from the camera was not strong and dazzling enough to blind me and make me close my eyes. It wasn’t. I was able to stand and put up with it.

Alvin examined the photos of his exertion and effort. They were glorious. I didn’t see them though. I purely guessed that from the amazing and spellbound way he looked at them. My, my. I was in for a kick and big bombshell, wasn’t I? Most definitely. 

“Are we done yet?” I asked while I unstirred from where I was lying down, pained but enjoying the sting itself. This was sweet affliction indeed. 

“Not so soon. Now we have our last round left to set on. The fourth one that is. I want you to be totally unclothed and undressed this time. I will be taking snapshots of you in the forest.”

“What?”

“I am just joking. But for this one, you don’t have to be completely dressed. Just a bit covering will do with some decency and fashion to it.” 

“That will be no trouble, Mr. Morgan. My apology, Alvin.”

For that, I was glowered brusquely and slapped lightly and kindly on my back. Not my bottom for goodness’ sake. My back I do mean. B—a—c—k . Not backside like you might be enticed to assume.

It was sunny and sparkling outside. I loved the sun. I could bask in it for ages never-ending and infinite. I loved everything sunlit and light-related. I stood on a mammoth rock, dressed in nothing but brief shorts that were fashioned after a bikini and a modish and navel-uncovering top. On top of this, I had a smooth-material and frivolously colored cloth wrapped about myself cautiously and properly. I had made all these clothing myself. And my feet were nothing but bare and exposed.

Of course, I hadn’t come all the way here on nude and unclothed feet. It was Alvin himself who had carried and borne me up on his back. My, my. I had mistook and undervalued him. He was stronger. Stronger like an authentic gentleman was supposed to be. Stronger like Alex was. Oh…Alex. For now, he had to be packed away from my recollection and musing, right? Surely.

I sighed, breathing out unreservedly and serenely. I don’t know. I was just starting to like Alvin. Not as in falling in love with him. Alex was the one who I had fallen in love with hard and excruciatingly fast that first time I met him. Sh*t! I had to leave the boy alone just for this while, didn’t I? Of course I had to. Geez!

“Eman, you will be the one to take photos of Sophia this time. Let’s see what you can do. Here is my camera. Go on and captcha-captch her,” Alvin told him, and he submissively took the camera and walked to site himself in front of me. Oh my…that hard and aloof look of his toward me. When was he ever going to give up being discourteous and boorish? I was starting to find his behavior too nasty and insufferable. If it was not for Alvin here and my now-on-her-knees clothes-designing calling, I would have given up on him and acted callously and uncaring too.

“Sit down, will you please?” Eman spoke. His voice was so deep and coarse-sounding at the same time. Who knew? Maybe he was that coarse and uneven at all the times. And uneven people fanned the flames of my dislike consistently. Damn him for his aloofness toward me!

I did like I had been told to. I sat down with my hands set behind me and my feet located well before me.

Captcha! Captcha! Captcha!

“Look down south away from me. I want you to face that side as well and carry a meditative and abstemious-like look on your face.”

It was that uncomplicated to do.

Captcha! Captcha! Captcha! Captcha!

Eman moved the other side to review and study my positioning before he proceeded on with his captcha-captcharing thing.

Captcha! Captcha! Captcha!

“Lie flat, will you, with your face stayed skyward properly well and your cloth spread and unfurled about you dexterously. I will take the succeeding photos of you from that close-by tree. When I tell you to get set and ready, be iced up still and cheery-looking. Is that clear?”

“It is, Eman.” 

“Thank you.” He went and climbed the nearby tree and it was from its towering heights that he located his camera at me and took rapid and soundless photos of me from high up there. I didn’t notice the camera flaring or shining. Perhaps it was the being of the more intense sunshine that overpowered and outdid its fragile light. Perhaps.

At long last, he was through and finished with his assignment. He returned the camera to his boss for inspection and review of the photos he had captured. I stood up and went to have a look at them myself. They were pretty and to my liking. 

“Mission accomplished,” Alvin said to me.

I rose an eyebrow at him. “Don’t you think they will be more than is necessary?”

“Out of these, I will have Chantal decide on the best looking five. They are what will be attached to your application and that other piece of paperwork you signed as well.”

“Alvin, I want to thank you so much for all this that you are doing for me. I value it all so very much.”

He smiled at me mildly and benevolently, running his tender finger across my cheek for one fleeting swift second. “It is my pleasure, Sophia. Would you like to take a leisurely walk with me out here in the forest. Just the two of us.”

“It would be my heartfelt pleasure as well.”

He looked at Eman instantly. “I will find you elsewhere. We need to be alone for now.”

Bowing his head down reverently, Eman turned away and took his leave away from us. 

I breathed out, watching the broad-shouldered and well-built Eman drop out of sight. His walk and stride itself was so elegant and well-mannered. It was as though it was not that a-moment-ago loutish and standoffish him. What was it with him and his mood swings? Or were they mood swings in reality? Whatever.

Alvin placed his hand quietly on my arm and began, “You have not told me much about this boyfriend of yours, Alex, have you? I would like to know how deeply and truly you love each other.”

Oh no. We didn’t have to talk about Alex, or did we? No way. I was just not happy making him the subject matter of our tête-à-tête right now. But after all the good things that Alvin had done to me, I felt so indebted to him that I would do just about anything to make his day and satisfy him. Even if it meant ruining my own contentment and self-interest.

“Alex and I only just met. I don’t think we love each other that very much, but we do love each other fairly well in any case.”

“How long have you two been together till this date?”

“For not more than a month, I believe.”

“He is that much handsome, right?”

“Of course, he is. Why else would I be with him? I am just joking. But yes, he is passably and reasonably good-looking.”

“I wish I was handsome like he is.”

“Why do you say that? You are very handsome even right now, Alvin.”

“You think so?”

“I surely do.”

“If I was, how come I am always unfortunate when it comes to falling in love. I am even now afraid to date any girl out there. All my precedent girlfriends, they were not that really into me but were only after my capital and standing. I felt so betrayed whenever I discovered that. It was like I was deceiving myself. No woman will ever really love me. What they only run after are my belongings and great influence. That is it and nothing more.”

“I am so sorry about all that. But they were all thoughtless and inconsiderate. Wealth and power will never prevail over true love. Love is fully based on the feelings inside the heart and not on worldly things. Maybe you were looking in erroneous places for love. Were these women dirt-poor and not people of your own level and rank? I mean you are very first-class. People of my class aren’t entitled that much to hang about with you and form such ceaseless bonds and relationships.”

“No. I am not any first-class, Sophia. I just happened to be born to a very well-off man and family and that’s all.”

“Facts are facts, Alvin, whether you agree with them or not. You are not like me or anybody commonplace who walks the busy streets out there. Your life and mine are very dissimilar. They may never be the same. We have our differences and dissimilarities and…you know what I am talking about here, don’t you?”

“Is this about us or my past fiancées?”

“My apology. This shouldn’t concern me at all…I don’t know how I exactly came to involve myself in this. I just don’t know how.”

“What kind of opinion would you give me, Sophia?”

“Look for someone your own rank and division. That’s the only solution. I mean, someone as rich and influential as you are would never get hitched to you out of greed and insatiability. I mean you will be both rich, appreciated and renowned…it will be a very different story, I think.”

“I don’t imagine so myself.”

“You don’t?”

“Yes, I don’t.”

“But…”

Alvin looked at me in silence and gravely, seeming like he wanted to make known something to me and doubting himself whether he should let it out to me at the same time. What could be going in that unseen mind of his? What was it that he wanted to let slip to me? Or didn’t he trust me that much? Didn’t he?

Finally, he said, “We should go back home, I think.”

“Are you positive about it?”

“Yes. I need to lie down a little bit. I scarcely had any sleep last night. Plus I will be flying to town this afternoon for a very chief meeting. Let us go back please.”

Alvin was not being truthful. That is what I felt. There was more to everything that he was just not saying out to me. Could he be in love with me? Hang there, Sophia please, will you? Since when have you been entertaining such ridiculousness and inanity? Think. Please. You said it out yourself. Alvin and you belong to very unlike worlds and he would never have an eye for a pitiable girl like you. Whatever. It was not like I wanted him to look at me in that kind of way. I only hoped that my emergence in his life hadn’t sparked any passion and craze on his part.

My conscious ridiculed and jeered at me. You? An obsession and craze to Alvin? Be of balanced mind, Sophia, will you, my silly girl?

I frowned. To hell with everything!!

Back to the house in the heart of the forest, while Chantal was cooking in the kitchen, I went to ask her, “Would you be maddened if I asked you something?”

She looked at me evenly and with a smile. “No, my girl. You can ask me anything that you feel like. Anything at all.”

“It is about Eman.”

“Go on.”

“Is he always that uncivil and unsociable. Ever since I first met him, that was what he all the time manifests toward me. Nastiness and aloofness. It makes me wonder if I keep on doing something that annoys and offends him. I just don’t know.”

“You are right on that one.”

“You mean you have noticed the same too?”

“That was how he acted toward me when I first began working for Mr. Morgan. He stopped being that coldly to me with the trailing off of time. But it did take that long indeed.”

“Signifying that it is typical of him to behave that way toward me, right?”

“Sure. If I were in your shoes, I would not take awareness of him and instead focus on what really matters in my life. Turn a blind eye to his aloofness. It will be all up to him to either patch up things with you or not to. That is what I did. And it worked absolutely well.”

“I am thankful for your advice, Chantal. That is what I will do from now on.”

I was about to leave the kitchen when she stopped me. “One more thing, Sophia. I have something to thrash out the vibe with you in relation to something. Something essential for sure.”

I turned around to her bit by bit and unhurriedly. “I am available for any type of chit-chat.”

“Haven’t you noticed anything unusual with Alvin? I mean, okay, since you are new in this house and don’t know him fairly well, I will instead pose it this way: Don’t you find anything suspicious with his behavior? Anything at all?” 

“Anything like what?”

“Come on. Don’t tell me you haven’t noticed anything, my darling?”

“I haven’t.”

“Come sit with me here, will you please?”

I was compliant.

 “Alvin…Alvin is…he is a good and a kind man all in all. Very welcoming indeed. All those girls he has dated don’t know about the goodly qualities to be esteemed and prized inside him. Yes, at times he can be uncompromisingly sassy and livid and vicious…my boy is this short-tempered.”

That might have explained why he had had us dispose of our stroll so hastily and rashly. He had been disgruntled with what I had had to say.

“If you really open your eyes with all your heart, you will see all these good and remarkable things that he is deep inside. And you will as well doubtlessly and helplessly fall in love with him.”

“Hang there, Chantal, will you? What are you trying to say with all of this?”

She did not say a word.

“I doubtlessly and helplessly falling in love with Alvin? I thought that I could trust you, you know?”

“Calm yourself down, Sophia please, will you?”

“How can I when you are saying all these strange and outlandish things? Tell me something. Do you want me to fall in love with him? Is that what you truly and really want to see happening?” At that point in time, out of resentment and astonishment and shock, I had irately stood up from where I was sitted to glare and scowl at her.

She answered coolly, “Yes, Sophia, I want you to fall in love with my boy.”

“Your boy? Stop playing mother to him, will you please? You do nothing but betray him and stab him behind his back.”

“Alvin is my real son. That is just the horrible and petrifying truth. I have hidden it from him and everyone else all these long years. I am his actual mother.”

“That is a lie, right? You are so greedy and ambitious, aren’t you?”

“I had a DNA surreptitiously carried out. I can show you the results of it if you like. Alvin is my son. My very own son even though he knows it not. I am the one who gave birth to him. For six weeks I was carrying him in my womb down there. I had to leave him in the hands of that nasty Elisa Marlene Morgan. Wife to the late Stanley Morgan, May His Soul Rest In Peace. She is also deceased at this point in time.”

I didn’t know what to precisely and in particular say.

“Elisa thought that she was infertile. So she had me undergo an artificial insemination procedure where semen from her husband was taken and slotted deep into my womb. That way, I fell pregnant but my pregnancy did not stay long enough with me. A month later, they operated on me again to take out my fetus and they went on to place it in her womb instead. That was how she became pregnant with my child, now hers, and she what’s more went on to conceive well and without any difficulty. As for Alvin’s young sister, Adelaide, Elisa fell pregnant with her normally and smugly and with an unfading smile. Adelaide is her real daughter. And Alvin is my real son.”

Was that possible? What was it that modern science could not do save for resurrecting the dead to life and creating unique and imaginative life itself? Of course, that which science could probably do, God could do far much better and excellently. That which science could not do, He was still able to do far-off well and astoundingly.

“Alvin is your son?” My voice echoed feebly and frailly.

Chantal nodded tearfully. “He certainly is.”

My God. What was all this that was happening? What precisely?

“Why don’t you tell him the truth then? Don’t you think you have concealed it from him for so long now?”

“I am scared of what his reaction to that will be; I am afraid that it might even kill him too fast.”

“What do you mean by saying it might even kill him too fast? Tell me please.”

“Ever since Alvin was born, he was afflicted with a very grave and uncommon illness. It is the only one of its kind so far. Very few people are tainted by it and they all don’t live that any longer. Schweimman’s infection. Haven’t you ever heard about it?”

“No, I have not. This is very novel to me.”

“It is an illness that is at least six hundred years old. Yes, it is that aged. It began with Wilfred Schweimman who was born and bred in olden-world Germany. It was not a unified Germany back then. The illness has only one therapy accessible. Contentment and joy inexpressible. Without true and genuine cheerfulness, the patient will become more and more depressed and disheartened until he finally goes fully mad to spot-on and instantaneous death. That insanity stage is the worst. Once one reaches that stage, he has only a few days left to live. 

“That is the disease that is living inside my son, Sophia. I want you to help me out. Together we can make life exhilarating and enjoyable for him like it was before. His doctor tells me that he is not in good shape and health altogether. He hardly ever does sleep at night and he is almost all the times heart-rent and cheerless. All I care for is his wellbeing and shape. Nothing else. Not his wealth, not his high position, not anything that he owns under his name. Will you help me out? I beg you please.”

“Why me?”

“You are the only one who can alter and transform his life all over again. My son is in love with you, Sophia.”

What? That could not be true, right? Alvin was not in love with me…no, he was not. I became somewhat ill-at-ease and worried. This was all unreal. Probably. Alvin was not in love with me. No, he was not. He was not!






CHAPTER SIX: COERCION

“How do you know that Alvin is truly in love with me, Chantal?”

“He confessed it to me. Last night that was.”

“We only met yesterday.”

“Love starts at first sight, Sophia, don’t you know? We all fall in love that first moment we come across that special someone. And to him, you are that exceptional someone. You hold a very unusual place in his heart. No one can replace you that easily.”

“I am sorry. I can’t do this. I am in love with someone else. Alex Ramirez. I can’t do this to him. If he finds out that I am going out with another man, who is your son without misgiving, he will certainly kill the both of us. I cannot do this; I am so sorry, Chantal.”

“Please Sophia. Do it out of sympathy and kindness for my cherished son. He is dying bit by bit each passing day. You cannot let him take his last breath just like that. You cannot, my dear. You possibly cannot do this. Please, I beg you.”

“I am sorry. I have to leave now.”

“Sophia, wait! Where the hell are you going to? Where exactly?”

I ran out of the kitchen as speedily and promptly as I could. Chantal followed me, at a fast pace and nervously. As I was coming out of the house, I saw a man, ginger-haired and well-built, boarding off a motorcycle that he had just arrived on. I went on to push him over aggressively so that he tripped down to the ground and then I promptly and hastily laid hold of his motorcycle to scale it and start my way off. Too late the man rose up from where he had fallen, Chantal coming out of the house very late concurrently. I took off there and then, hurriedly and without any setback. The full-glass helmet fell off behind me, cracking and splitting up into a million sparkly and scintillating pieces. Into the never-ending forest I streaked off my way on the dust road, determined and enraged. That was the best thing to do. Running away from everything. Away from my troubles, my torments, and my sufferings. But I was sure to meet these yet again in a newly form. Obviously.

No one was following me. Maybe Eman was. In any case, I drove as swift as I could, heading this way and that other for hours and hours unbroken. Where would I go? Nowhere of course. I had to look for Alex. I had to tell him everything about me. All my secrets and my long-ago life itself. Yes, even all that Chantal had disclosed to me with regard to his son, Alvin. That is what I had to do. Precisely.

It was somewhere around four towards dusk when I made it to the town—Brownton, without doubt. I stopped at a petite filling station and asked for directions I could make use of to get to Brownton University. There was no way I could call Alex when I had left my phone back there at that damn forest turret together with all my baggage and stuff. Of course, I had not kept his number in my head. No, I had not. 

Minutes later I had in appropriate time whizzed my way to the university. There were students walking aimlessly about and others standing idle and others chatting and driving intensely fast like they were on a speed-race-to-your-death sort-of game. Alex. He was all I needed to come across right now. And I thought that Maxwell Madalitso would help me on that part. Alex was his friend after all, right? 

Having parked my motorbike securely where the security guard was watching and keeping an eye on all the innumerable vehicles in the parking lot, I proceeded my way to Maxwell’s apartment, leisurely and coolly. I was heading for his room to be accurate.  


My God. I could not believe what my own two eyes saw. Just as I was about to make it to Maxwell’s room, having drawn nearer the building where his room was based, I saw Alex coming down the stairs with him and another very much eye-catching girl that was dressed in comprehensive black, all smiling blissfully and merrily. Alex was the one who was holding her in his arms steadfastly and lovingly, kissing and pecking her cheek and elongated hair every once in a while. It must be a dream on my part. A bad one. A nightmare even. No. He couldn’t be…with a different girl. But he in any case was, right there before my very own eyes and face.

For a while, the two paused to kiss intensely and tenderly. I watched in downright pain and unaided horror altogether. Then he released the girl to go away on her own, waving back at him dexterously and gaily, and it was only then that he saw me. In my blue jeans and a sanitary fresh lime-colored top. Damn him for everything! 

I turned away and ran off as hastily and hurriedly as I could.

“Sophia,” he yelled at the top of his voice, widening his eyes in blatant shock and sprinting after me what’s more. 

There was no way he could catch up with me. We were ended for now, I imagined. He was nothing but a bare-faced felon. Yes, he was. I didn’t care even though it hurt exceedingly much. I would date and wed Alvin if possible. Just so to hurt and tear him down in turn. He had shattered my harmony and pleasure and blamelessness. I would smash to smithereens his in turn. Oh yes, I definitely would. Damn him and everything despicable that he was!

“Sophia!”

I got on my motorcycle and went away. It was meaningless now. What else mattered? Nothing at all. My life belonged with Alvin and no one else. Not him—Alex—not anyone else but Alvin alone. Chantal was right after all. I had to love and give her son my very best. And that was what I was definitely going to do. With nothing to frighten or bring to a standstill the hell out of me either. 

I loathed Alex for everything. He was such a horrible impostor. Damn him for everything! I reviled him; I was repulsed by his sheer presence and being itself; I hated him. He was the most contemptible and detestable creature that the world had ever seen. I swore that he would pay for everything painful he had done to me. If I wouldn't be the one to implement any form of judgment upon him, then heavenly supremacy certainly would. Which was better? My vengeance or one that divine power could only cause?

I thought that divine punishment was preferable. Far much just and appalling and equitable. I was simply human and could be somewhat unreasonable and unfair as well. Yes, that was very possible for sure.

Alvin. He was all that I needed to concentrate and focus on right now. Him alone and no one else. I swear, I was going to love him, even more than I had ever come to love Alex. Damn him! That bastard. He deceived and took me in for an idiot. And I avowed, I was not ever going to let him lay another filthy hand on me. Never again; never ever I say. Damn him!

When I stopped the motorcycle, it was at that filling station that I had been at minutes ago. I went inside and bought coke—the one that they place in a plastic bottle—and I paid for it with the efficacy of my electronic credit card. Yes, I would rather have the money deducted from my bank account by electronic means than bodily and in the flesh pay for it as I had carried no any reservoir notes or coins with me here. Outside, in the new and bright evening, I swigged it impatiently and then frantically threw it off away to scale up on my motorcycle once more and drive my way off. Damn Alex! Damn him!

Air whipped past me, rippling and flailing uncontrollably my drawn-out hair behind me. I narrowed my eyes at the unending road before me that was lightened up luminously and unmistakably with the headlights preset on my motorcycle. I regretted having run out on Chantal like I had done. Anyway, it was all worth finding out the horrendous truth on the other hand, wasn’t it? Alex was not the good and commendable man that I thought him to be. He was a fiend and an ogre and Old Nick himself all in all. Damn him! Argghhhhh! Damn him an incalculable times!

I was crying. Yes, I was. I couldn’t help it. I had loved him, adored him, cherished him even, and all this was how he could pay me back for my faithfulness and seriousness toward him, right? Damn him I say!

It was night when I made it back to Alvin’s forest house, all safe and sound. Chantal was the first one to dash out to me upon hearing the thunderous buzzing and humming of my motorcycle till its quietness. She looked terrified and apprehensive, her eyes swollen red and all tearful, her breaths ragged and bumpy and her hair rumpled up and windswept dirtily like you would anticipate to see a mad woman being. “Sophia,” she whispered audibly and ran over to hug me from where I stood, blunt-faced and hopeless. Alex had torn down my joy and virtuousness. He surely had. 

I trembled and quaked aggressively in her grasp. It was like my feet would give way and I would pass out instantaneously and without interruption. Like I would breathe my last breath even. Alex. He had razed my everything. My ecstasy, my virtuousness altogether. He had destroyed my everything. Damn him a second time!

“Sophia, are you okay?” She asked me, scared-stiff and petrified sounding. If I were not in my bawling state, I would have posed the very same question back to her. 

“I am fine, Chantal. Nothing serious happened to me. I am so sorry. Forgive me for having treated you that terrible way. You were right after all. I should think about loving your son, Alvin, as best and most greatly as I possibly can. That is what I am going to do right now, I give my word.”

She shrank back to study and observe me. I could see uncertainty interfused with fear in her sparkly green eyes. My God. What could have precisely happened to her? From the look of things, it was not anything good. No, it was not. And could it all be my responsibility? Could it be?

“Are you sure about what you are saying, Sophia?”

“Yes, I am.”

She hugged me even the more, crying and howling non-stop. I was right. Things were not okay with her.

“Why are you crying, Chantal?”

“It is…Alvin.”

No. Could anything dire and catastrophic have befallen him? I prayed not so. If it had, I was surely to blame for everything. Yes, I would be the one at liability and very much accountable for his present unhappiness and hardships. “What happened to him?”

“He is not the Alvin that I always know and who I am familiar with. Right now, he is something else creepy and fiendish. He is throwing things all over the house like mad. I told him that you had escaped upon his arrival here and he became so nuts and unfeeling from that moment that he could not come to sympathize with anyone. Alvin will go crazy if he won’t see you again, Sophia.”

“Take me to him right now.”

“Whatever happens, please don’t tell him what I made known to you. Not a word, not a statement of it. Do you hear me?”

“I do. I promise, I won’t tell him anything you said to me.”

“Good. Let us go now, shall we?”

Goodness. The living room was in such an appalling mess. A very horrible one surely. My God. What was this that Alvin was doing? What? All the picture frames that had been satisfactorily pinned and transfixed to the walls were now removed away and thrown viciously and haphazardly all over the floor so as to smash and blow them apart to nothingness. This was terrible indeed. So, so awful and terrible. The couches were drenched and waterlogged with flammable liquor that Alvin himself had been insanely consuming and which he was on the threshold of setting afire.

Alvin. No. He could not set everything up on untamed and feral flames. No he could not. What had gone on in his mind? What exactly? I looked at him with aghast and shocked eyes and he stared back at me, discolored and enraging with unwarranted and unmanageable wrath. I don’t know. That instant I looked at him, the ferocity and ire consuming and eating him up bit by bit seemed to lower and pass out. That was much better. Much better and more preferable indeed. I continued to gawp and stare at him, breathing gradually and evenly like he was doing on the other hand. He couldn’t carry on with this. No, he couldn’t. 

“Alvin,” I hissed quietly, walking unhurriedly but circumspectly toward him. He could not do me any harm, could he? I hoped that he wouldn’t. “Alvin, why are you doing this to yourself? Why?”

He stirred toward me. And I blenched instantaneously. My God. If he would molest me right now, I could do nothing to shield and look after myself. He didn’t thank goodness. He flung himself against me, holding me warily and lovingly from behind and keeping me tenderly but steadfastly in his manful clutch. I had never been held so tense and yet so strongly affectionate. Only one that really and extremely loves you can merely hold you that remarkable way that he grasped me right now. 

“Alvin, I’m so sorry,” I howled and yowled bashfully.

He patted my back delicately and unconscientiously. “It’s okay, baby, what matters is that you are with me right now, in my own arms and in my very own house.”

“I have to tell you something.”

“What is it, baby? You are free to talk definitely.”

“I love you, Alvin. I truly and with conviction do love you from the very foundation of my own heart.” Did I? Not really. All that was in my heart was pain and torture and soreness that Alex’s absence in my life had caused me. But with time these especially painful gashes would heal to give me plenty breathing space and chance and time to be intensely and truthfully in love with him—Alvin. I hoped so.

“Say that again, Sophia, will you please?”

“I love you, Alvin Morgan.”

“And I love you too, Sophia Solochi.”

He was in very high-flown spirits in the flash of that moment. So cheery and blissful like I had never seen him before. Alvin. The one and only man that mattered to me more than anything else right now. I loved him. But then not that really and truthfully. With time, real and good and adequate time, I would come to love him like he was deserving and worthy of. So, so much and devotedly that nothing in the entire world would come to undo and break us apart. Nothing at all. Not even Alex. Damn his memory! It was horribly and veritably painful and excruciating at the same time. Remembering him was like pouring vinegar mixed with chili on a very fresh and newly wound. It was exceedingly and unavoidably too painful. There was no way I could keep away from that immense pain.

Don’t worry, Sophia. With time you will move on and forget him like he has never existed at all. Trust me. And damn everything too!

I stared past Alvin’s strapping-built shoulder and observed Chantal smiling tearfully and happily at the two of us. She was the most happiest mother in the entire universe that precise moment. Nothing could fruitfully shatter her ecstasy and high spirits all in all.

It was late in the night afterwards. At curtly ten or 22hrs in other words. I discovered that by snatching a rushed peek at Alvin’s watch. After our settlement and weepy moment in the living room, Chantal had prepared dinner for us and the two of us ate merrily and naively. Before that he called his men—Eman of which he was comprehensive—to notify them that I had returned back safely and soundly and that they had to stop looking for me and instead come back here. Kris. I had to explain myself to her. Chantal had called her soon after I had gone missing and she as well instantly rang her back the moment I found my way back here. She was presently busy but pleased about my return and she would later call me, she said. What was I going to say to her? I was clueless and extremely hopeless.

That was not what bugged my mind right now. But where my future with Alex…damn him…Alvin I do mean, was going? Where exactly?

When I checked my phone, I discovered that I had 17 missed calls from Chantal, 13 from Eman, 56 from Alvin, 78 from stranger and unfamiliar numbers and 23 from Kris and 25 from Alex Ramirez. Oh, oh. How was I supposed to hear them calling me when I was putting on no helmet and the wind was sweeping and flipping my hair behind me outrageously? Thanks to my very stretched light brown hair itself, the fierce and deafeningly painful wind had not succeeded in making me go deaf and hard-of-hearing overnight. No, it had not.

“Do you like it out here?” Alvin asked from the swathed verandah where we were taking our stand on, eyeing and making sheep’s eyes at the beautiful stars overhead us. I liked it. So very much. As much as I enjoyed watching the beautiful sun set down the infinite sky, shining and blazing more dimly and gloriously dimly.

“I like it. So very much.”

“You have no idea that today is the best night ever for me. I have you, I have everything in the world I can think of, I have my very own happiness and guiltless joy.”

Today was the worst night ever for me. I had him no doubt, but I had unfortunately lost my purity, my blamelessness, my old and real happiness, and much worse Alex himself. In any case, I did not make all these known to Alvin. I smiled at him vaguely and cheerfully and he pecked my lips gradually slow and at his own speed and leisure.

“I love you, Sophia.” His voice was very soft and very tender. 

“I love you too, Alvin.” Mine was quite humane and exceptionally easy-going. Where were the two of us headed? Where exactly?   



 


CHAPTER SEVEN: THE DELIRIOUS

“Tomorrow evening I will be free. I’d like to go out for a date with you. In fact, for these subsequent five nights I would like you to come with me to one special place in town where we can sit together and lighten up and have all the time and leisure in the world to ourselves with nothing to interrupt and bother us. Wouldn’t you like that?”

“I definitely would…but where is this special and magnificent place that you are talking about?”

“Hmmnnn…for now let’s say that is a surprise I will not let out to you so soon. You will find that out once we are there. And I am positive that you will like it. You absolutely will.”

“Let’s hope so.”

Softly and caringly, Alvin kissed me on the lips again, steadily and with due consideration, moving his hand into my hair ardently as he did so and tugging it moreover gently and pleasingly nice. I groaned in silence, magnetized and galvanized to him with such intense and utter contentment. He then backed away, finally pleased and happy with himself, and quietly and warmly, he stroked his hand against my cheek, devotedly and in a very friendly way.

In my room, I found a text from Alex and by coincidence pressed down on ‘Read New SMS.’ My mistake! I didn’t want to hear anything from him. Not a word, not a thing that he had to say. Too late, my eyes sighted that which I would not otherwise have consented toward.

I am sorry. I can explain everything. Can we meet some place and talk about this? Please. I am on my knees.

I was hopping mad and infuriated. I couldn’t let him get away with this. I had to throw the fatal acid back into his face. So he could feel it eating and wolfing its way deep into his skin, gradually and markedly painfully. Yes, I had to make him pay for hurting me so badly and in that slapdash fashion. I typed to him in turn.

No. We must not ever meet. What I saw was as much as was needed confirmation as regards the real you. You are an evil spirit, Alex. A real tyrant.

Ten minutes later he responded back.

We must talk. I can’t explain myself here on the phone. Not by texting either.

I replied him as well.

To hell with your stupid talk. Stop bothering me, will you? I do not ever want to see you again, neither have I anything to do with you, you blatant-faced womanizer.

I blacklisted him instantaneously and played the track ‘Womanizer’ by Britney Spears to make myself feel stress-free and unspeakably mad against him so we would not have to settle things again.

Superstar, where you from, how is it going?
I know you, you got all the puppets with their strings up
Faking like a good one
But I know them
I can see them
I know what you are
What you are, baby

Womanizer, woma…woma…woma
You’re a womanizer
Oh womanizer
Oh, you’re a womanizer, baby
You, you, you are
You, you, you are
Womanizer, womanizer, womanizer, womanizer…

…Boy, don’t try to front
I know just…just what…what you are…are…are
Boy, don’t try to front
I know just…just what…what you are…are…are…

Maybe Taylor Swift’s ‘You Are Not Sorry’ was much suitable for this kind of situation, was not it?

All this time 
I was wasting
Hoping you would come around
I have been giving out chances
Every time and all you do
Is turn me down
And it has taken me this long
Baby, but I figured you out
And you think it will be fine again
But not this time around

You don’t have to call anymore
I won’t pick up the phone
This is the last straw
There is nothing left to beg for
And you can say that I am sorry
But I don’t
Believe you, baby 
Like I did before
You are not sorry…oh no…

Men…womanizers…cheaters…unforgiving themselves…tyrants and fiends altogether. Not all men were that, I knew. That was what most were…and the other small number…well, who doesn’t have their own flaws and imperfections in this world? We all have our blemishes and points of fault and err, don’t we? Oh yes, we definitely do.

I looked about my room, coolly and in absolute ennui. Sh*t! There Chantal was, poker-faced looking and seeming to wonder what it was that was in particular on my imperceptible and well-veiled mind. Those indications of gladness and untainted bliss and satisfaction had not withdrawn away from her countenance. She noticeably was still very happy about that special thing going on between me and her son. Oh darn, she sure was.

“Chantal.”

She walked toward me parsimoniously and unreservedly and delightfully. “You don’t know how grateful I am at the moment to you, Sophia.”

“I am simply doing what I should have done a very long time ago.”

“A very long time ago, you say?”

“I mean ever since you made it all plain and clear to me that your son has got real and deep-felt feelings for me. It is what I should have said in the first place, isn’t it?”

“Yeah. I give my word, I will ever be there for you and my son, Alvin. Whenever you feel like you need anything, feel liberated and open to let it out to me, you hear me?”

“I do, Chantal.”

“I will evermore be indebted and appreciative to you, Sophia. Yes, even till that day that I will breathe my very last on this earth. Seeing Alvin in high spirits and gratis makes me joyful and liberated in turn. And seeing him heart-rent and distressed makes me even heartbroken and disturbed too.” 

“I will do my very best to make him happy all the times. But I wonder if you know about my true state. That evil side of me. Are you aware of it?”

“The curse holding sway over your life and being, you do mean, right?”

She knew then. Probably. Oh yes, she knew everything.

It did not come as much astonishment to me to realize that Chantal had chock-full enlightenment concerning my curse-correlated secret. Of course, she could painlessly know. After all, Alvin knew and he could unveil and uncover it to her what’s more. I sighed, wheeling and rolling my eyes in bewilderment. I didn’t like the feel or atmosphere of this at all. Not in any slightly way.

“So you know that I happen to be cursed to the extent of killing any man who falls in love with me, right? I mean it was Alvin who made it known to you, right? If it was not him, tell me who did then?” 

“I am one of those ill-fated women, Sophia. I am just like you and your mother, Kris, are. Cursed and remediless.”

No. That couldn’t be truthful, could it be? I mean Chantal van Merowe was one of our ill-starred and luckless kind? She could not be. No way. This had to be a blatant lie and nothing else. This was an unquestionable fib and nothing more.

“It cannot be true, Chantal, can it be? Tell me you are not cursed like I am. Declare that to me please.”

“Sorry. That is the wholesome and unbroken truth.”

 “And is your son, Alvin, conscious and cognizant of it?”

“No. He is not aware about it. I withheld it away from him. I mean there is no way I can unveil it to him as much as I cannot tell him that I am also his genuine mother.”

“But don’t you believe that you are doing yourself no any fairness by secreting all these things from his perception and understanding. You must tell him about all this. The sooner, the better.”

“You are wide off the mark, Sophia. My son has gone through so much right now that I cannot cause him any more grievances and sorrows to what he has already suffered this far. I peradventure cannot do that. No way. Please don’t ask me to do that. I beg you please.”

“I won’t if you insist on veiling everything from him.”

“Thank you very much for that.”

“What if I kill your son, Chantal? I am cursed and I am not supposed to be doing all these things. It is all perilous and unsafe, don’t you think?” 

“I know about your circumstance more than you are acquainted with it yourself, Sophia. Listen carefully; we are going to do this. We will freeze your curse. Yes, that is the only thing that can be done to set free the life of my beloved son. We have to freeze that damn nuisance. That is what I did myself and for years and years recurrent I lived with the one and only man I truly loved until he died naturally and left me a forlorn and vulnerable widow.”

“Are you really sure about what you are saying, Chantal?” As I spoke, there were gestures of great exhilaration and excitement in my voice. I could not believe it. There was chance for me to live happily and elatedly with that one and only man I honestly loved in the entire world, right? Say Alex…damn him! Thinking about him messed up my atmosphere and made me feel very much mad and furious with myself. There was no more him in my life. Yes, I had laid him to rest in the ground beneath. My past life to be clear-cut. Nothing would bring him back to complete being and commotion in my at hand and impending days and years yet again. Nothing I say.

Chantal smiled contentedly, stroking and caressing my cheek caringly. I had my drawn-out hair raked up flat and straightly over either sides of my face. Yes, there were no threads to sporadically and incessantly fall their way over it and what’s more cover my eyes so as to distract my sight and seeing. There was no any such thing.

“How is this freezing of the curse done?”

“I will tell you about it some time. Right now I feel so worn-out and helpless and I must sleep. It is a very time-consuming and strength-chomping-through story. I will make it known to you at one time or another. Not tonight please. Right now I must get my sleep. Take care please, will you?”

“I definitely will. Sleep well and have pleasant dreams.”

“I value those kind words of yours. Nice dreams to you too, Sophia.”

The freezing of the curse. That was the thought that was on my mind when Kris rang me up, disturbing my contemplation and forthcoming sleep altogether. I had been fearing this moment like mad. I had to face it anyway. There was no other alternative on my part.

“Mom.”

“What got into you, Sophia? Why did you behave that weird and awful way that you did?”

“Mom…I am sorry. I am really sorry. I give my word, I will not ever do it again.”

“Where the hell had you been off to? I called you an innumerable times, didn’t you take notice?”

“I didn’t. I was preoccupied and engaged with something else.”

“Tell me, were you planning to commit suicide?”

“No, mom.”

“Sophia, be honest with me please, will you?”

“I didn’t think about it. There was no way I can do that to you and to myself as well.”

“We will talk when I come over there, you hear me?”

“When are you coming?”

“I will come, dear. Bye for now. And please don’t do anything ridiculous all over again, okay?”

“I won’t.”

“That is my girl. Take great care of yourself.”

Anything ridiculous all over again? Maybe I was that impractical after all. 

I had a dream. About Alex of course. I was going off to some place with Alvin, ravishing and enrapturing in consummate red when we came across him and he had an extremely angered and hostile look to him. We must have gone to a ball or grand party or something like that. There were massive and sumptuous rooms and several chandeliers and excellently-dressed people and ablaze candles and quiet and dawdling-like music and lots and plenty of mouth-watering food and sweet wine. Then, as I was dancing with him—Alvin—swaying bit by bit quietly, Alex came into view from the overjoyed swarm with an eye-mask gripped steadfastly in his hand. Without warning and rapidly, he took out a pistol from his jacket and leveled it at…Alvin. 

My God!

Too late, I screamed out. The gunshots had already boomed and rumbled and crackled up boisterously in the jumbo-sized room, making the multitude screech apprehensively and flee away madly and uncontrollably. I looked about them. The killer was nowhere to be seen. Instead, there were several men, all wearing the same type and design of mask that Alex had been carrying unfalteringly in his hand. He could be this man or that one or that other one instead. He could be anyone escaping and running away apprehensively.

Alvin. He was bleeding to his death, bit by bit but definitely. He gave way against me and I let him fall down to the floor to only find out that plenty of terrorizing blood from him had tarnished and tainted me wholly crimson. My goodness! Alvin was dying. And I could not do anything to assist or help him out.



THE END!



EXTRA SCENE

I am thrilled and frightened at the same time. Yes, this is totally something to be happy and cheerful about. I am pregnant. With his child of course. Alex I do mean. Very soon—much more soon than I am looking forward to—I will give birth to that beautiful girl that I have ever wanted to have in my entire life. Oh yes, I definitely will. I sigh, rolling my eyes in enthusiasm and yet it is with horror and insecurity that I think about this silently and without a sound. How will I break the news to him? How exactly?

Alex doesn’t want a girl. He had always told me that. Girls are too yielding and feminine to become companions and sincere most buddies to their poppas. He wants a boy for a first child. A string of them in all his life if probable.

I know. I didn’t wait that long enough to venture into any such kind of sweetly misdeed with him. But I don’t regret it. I just wanted to be a woman. To truly be one and feel like one in every inch and vicinity of my life. Now I am a complete woman. Two months heavy with child and loved and cherished by my darling man. Days are great and pleasurable for the two of us as much as they are bitter and unfriendly.

I want to give birth to a girl. One I can share my filth most and grimy secrets with. Like hey, Elisa, do you know what your father and I argued about last night? He won’t let me buy this new brand of underwear. He says it is too tempting and sexy that it would surely drive him to do insane things in broad daylight if I put it on, even in the eyes of all our neighbors. ***Chuckles***. I want another girl, someone I can hang out with and have fun and great hilarity and glee in her valued presence. I want a girl, someone I can tolerate to have an eye on my hush-hush journal and diary without even worrying about what her opinion and view will be because I will be positive that she is a real and genuine woman like me, who can relate flawlessly well with my worldly sorrows and joys and triumphs and calamities. I want a girl, someone I can teach the dos and don’ts of the boy-fishing sport, all with accordance to the types of experiences I have learned thus far. I want a girl, someone to plait and do up my hair and also tug it gently but playfully. I want a girl, someone who can give me her sincere opinion before I venture on buying any latest type of dress.

Weeks later…

Alex knows that I have family in the way. We both are having a baby to be precise. He is so happy he organizes a grand and classy gathering just to celebrate his graduation interlude from naive and sparkling youthfulness into blatant and absolute fatherhood. He swears to me he will not ever have another affair besides ours and that I will be what he will truthfully and lawfully and entirely pay all the deserving and commendable attention to. This is not my first time knowing men and their ageless lifestyles and deeds. Men are men and you cannot change it, wish for it or not.

These nights I do not sleep at all. I am weighed down and disturbed with unpleasant and hellish-seeming nightmares. In my dreams, I am ever expectant (pregnant that is) and surrounded with hosts and masses of children, all of them so juvenile and blameless-looking and they dance and skip and amuse themselves about me cheerfully and without restraint. I don’t know, neither can I be acquainted with anyone of them. They are just children though with strange and horrifying activities. 

“Bring your child out so that we can eat him. Bring him out, Sophia. We are starved and hungry and we will not rest until our tongues thrash on his blood and our lips gnaw into his flesh and avariciously chop it up and our throats have in addition to that gulped it down. What are you waiting for? Give birth to that little bastard so we can eat him.”

It is out of the ordinary but this is the dream that comes to me repetitively every Thursday night. All the same and ever unchanging. Is it common to undergo such? Or am I under some form of grievous witchery spell?

Drums reverberate and resound. Feet stomp and tread heavily on the ground. Hands strike and thrash against each other. Ululations and wailings boom and fill the air. Lips twirl and wind into iniquitous smiles, laying to view vicious teeth that appear to be tarnished with absolute blood. Heads cock down methodically as if to contemptuously and mischievously peer at something. Chuckles and giggles persist and carry on. The wails and pleased screams and shouts become more louder and fiercer with each slipping away moment. 

“Give us your son to eat! Give us your son to eat! Give us your son to eat!”

I scream and moan and squeal and tremble and shudder. Loudly and aggressively and incessantly. Alex glances at me, shocked and petrified. I have never seen him be this frightened and alarmed. “Are you okay, Sophia?”

“Yes, I am, Alex. It was nothing more than a terrifying and fictitious nightmare. That’s all.”

He believes me every time I say that. Sometimes I do not cry for fright and panic of him getting suspicious and somewhat fidgety. He can’t find out what is precisely going on. I don’t even know it myself. What unerringly is happening to me?

It all used to be in a night-solely trance. But now it is part and piece and component of my realism itself. And what is realism, you cannot escape or keep away from no matter how atrocious and grisly it is. Reality is inescapable.

I blench and yelp out and shriek as vociferously as I can. Like always, Alex comes rushing to me, alarmed and scared-stiff. “Are you okay, Sophia?”

“Yes, Alex. It was nothing more than a damn rat this time that scared the shit and hell out of me.”

I am afraid. I cannot give birth. I cannot set my foot into the labor ward. Once I make my first step in there, they tell me that I will not walk out of it with my child grasped and embraced lovingly in my arms. No, I will surely not, they avow to me.

ALSO BY THIS AUTHOR






Dead by Dawn: The Eversors Arising (Episode One)




Dead by Dawn: The Eversors Arising (Episode Two)




Thereafter: A Dead by Dawn Chronicle (Curtailed Story)




The Bride Who Murdered Her Groom (Season One) Episode One






















