Double Ex
A Romantic Comedy about Lost Love & Lookalikes
by
Lee Daniel Bullen
Copyright © Lee Daniel Bullen 2014
Smashwords Edition
About the Author

Lee Daniel Bullen is the bestselling author of Double Ex, Beset and several comedies and short stories. He previously worked as a teacher, illustrator and screenwriter but now solely devotes his time to crafting natty novels. His personal interests include squirrel romancing, ferret fondling and stringing the guitar. His more intelligible writings are available in paperback and eBook.
Author Introduction
Thank you for buying Double Ex, a romantic comedy about two heartbroken friends who pursue lookalikes of their exes. I hope this light-hearted look at love, friendship and obsession is both entertaining and disturbingly-relatable!
This book is dedicated to my children, Nadia and Danny. With enormous thanks to Amanda Hayes, Xena Fox, and my loving, supportive friends and family. It has been an incredible thirteen month journey – soul hugs to you all!
Table of Contents
Title Page
About the Author
Author Introduction
Chapter 1: Hit & Run
Chapter 2: Plates & Spin
Chapter 3: Pray & Prey
Chapter 4: Whiskey & Lies
Chapter 5: Meetups & Letdowns
Chapter 6: Coffee & Complications
Chapter 7: Flight & Fancy
Chapter 8: Rock & Rot
Chapter 9: Cocktails & Trees
Chapter 10: Lift & Fall
Chapter 11: Hippie & Shake
Chapter 12: Heads & Tales
Chapter 13: Days & Weekends
Chapter 14: Hell & Back
Chapter 15: Hosts & Visitors
Chapter 16: Red & Alert
Chapter 17: Dig & Dirt
Chapter 18: Lists & Schemes
Chapter 19: Dreams & Reality
Chapter 20: Pedestals & Pitfalls
Chapter 21: Winners & Participants
Chapter 22: Whole & Holes
Dedication
Connect with Lee
Copyright Page
Act I
Chapter 1
Hit & Run
‘That’s it! That’s it!’ she growled in his ear. The line put him off; he was used to his ex-girlfriend yelling Italian in the heat of the moment. He lost fire and decided to change position. The girl reminded him of his ex from behind, with her hair spread across the pillow like a concertinaed fan and face buried deep in the mattress; like it was his beloved Sofia that he was making love to and not this lookalike he’d picked up earlier in the night. He arranged her flowing hair and turned to the glow of lamplight illuminating a patch of the bed. Perfect! The right light, the right shadow; he looked down and smiled, ‘Sofia!’ Soon he’d be holding the girl tenderly in his arms, the moment he got his fix.
When Nick sneaked out of the apartment at three in the morning reality bit and short-term pleasure was overcome by remorse. Since Sofia left him six months previously he’d discovered that lookalikes transported him to a brief alternate reality and the ritual had become an unhealthy habit. Initially it happened by chance, his eyes lighting up at anyone who slightly resembled Sofia, sometimes hoping he’d inadvertently bumped into her, but as time passed he slowly developed a dependency to the artificial feelings and couldn’t let go.
As his long frame lumbered along the dark backstreets of this unfamiliar corner of West London, some way from his home in Camden, the strands of his fair hair sashayed like sidewinders in the summer breeze. He flagged a black cab and prepared himself for the interrogation to come; not from an angry partner or concerned parent, but his disapproving room-mate and closest friend, Konrad – or Kon-radical as he was monikered due to his environmental activism and anti-establishment leanings – a fate far worse than a scorned girlfriend waiting up to hurl kitchenware.
‘Nicholas Green! You’re worse than Pol Pot!’ Konrad screamed like a berating mother, more ratty than genuinely aggrieved after waking abruptly on the sofa, ‘Abusing women for your own selfish gain! Do they know you’re only with them because they look like The Italian Witch?’
‘Pol Pot? Really?’ Nick replied sarcastically, tossing his keys on the cluttered living room table.
‘She seems like a nice girl, did you bother to find out?’
‘Kon, not now, mate.’
‘I think now’s the perfect time actually!’ he said sternly as Nick rolled his eyes and removed his jacket, idly tossing it in the corner of the room, ‘Answer me this; what’s her name?’
‘Who?’ he replied impatiently.
‘The girl you just took advantage of.’
‘I don’t remember.’
Konrad nodded, ‘Are you going to see her again?’ Nick simply glared at his room-mate. ‘Are you going to see any of them again?’
‘No, Kon. I’m not.’ he said dismissively.
‘And why not?’
‘You know why.’
‘Dude, I hate to do this, and I know it’s been a long time since I last had to…’
‘Oh, you’ve got to be kidding me…’
‘But I have to administer a little Konrad Corporal Punishment…’
‘You waited up to do this?’
Konrad rose from the shabby sofa and brushed away the crumbs stuck to his tubby torso; he ran his fingers through his mousey hair and stood in front of Nick, ‘Take it as a man!’ and he readied himself, placing his hands in front of his nipple area.
‘Kon, we’re not twelve anymore!’
‘This is gonna hurt me more than you.’ He blew on his fingertips and rubbed them in preparation, ‘Tweak and twist, learn from this!’ and he pinched Nick’s nipples with as much force as humanely possible; tears welled in his eyes as he yelped and dropped to one knee. ‘I did that because you need to wake up! This isn’t about the girls or because you ditched me at a club in the middle of the night again! This is for your own mental health!’
‘Bloody hell, mate.’ Nick painfully protested.
‘You’ve been moping around this flat for months, you’re not working and you’re not getting on with your life!’
He struggled to his feet, slightly overcome by this particular late-night chat with his best friend, ‘Kon, it’s okay. I’m alright.’ he argued dimly.
‘No, you really aren’t, and I can’t watch you self-destruct anymore.’ He scooped up his duvet from the sofa and shook off the crumbs, ‘If you don’t sort yourself out I’m going to move out!’ and he went to his room leaving Nick smarting from a more than impressive dressing down. He flopped on the sofa; bite-sized debris bounced up and settled back into the crevices. He grabbed the tortilla chips and began to snack but within minutes was sprawled across the seats, dreaming of Sofia.
Several streets away, Lucy Caulston was entering her sister’s elegant apartment in Camden Square with a besuited mystery-man. In the hall she turned to him, swept his dark hair back and meticulously parted it to one side.
‘So your girlfriend’s out of town?’ she asked seductively; the man nodded. ‘Then you’d better stay the night.’ He smiled excitedly and removed his glasses. ‘No, leave them on.’ Lucy said with a wink and took his hand and led him into her bedroom. In the next room her older sister was awake in bed, a thousand concerned thoughts swimming round her mind.
Nick awoke to the sound of a large tea mug slamming on the living room table; he sat up and the packet of tortilla chips slid off his chest and distributed its contents on the sofa.
‘Thanks Kon.’ he croaked, rubbing his eyes as Konrad busied around the apartment preparing to leave. ‘Where you off to?’
‘Oh, I just thought I’d torture myself by driving past my ex-girlfriend’s to see if she’s home and if the black Mercedes is parked outside again.’ he answered sarcastically; Nick slumped into the sofa, ‘Then I’ll probably have a drink in the pub round the corner hoping to bump into her, and if I don’t I’ll just keep drinking till I spot someone who looks a bit like her then try to shag her.’
‘Sod off! I’m not doing that today.’ he groaned from underneath a cushion. Konrad whipped it away.
‘And don’t even think about calling me from a club later when you’re drunk and want company!’
Nick sat upright, irritated, ‘Alright, alright. Thank you!’ He took a gulp of tea, wincing as it burned his tongue. It was still enormously gratifying though, his mouth was as dry as the snacks layering the back of the settee and his body felt the onset of a nasty hangover. ‘So where are you going?’ he asked, delicately placing the mug on the table.
‘I’m looking at flats.’ Konrad replied with a sly grin.
‘You’re serious? It’s a bit drastic, mate. Let’s go out for a pub lunch and talk about it?’ Konrad shook his head and left the apartment, leaving Nick to lick his alcohol-induced wounds alone.
Lucy sipped her tea as her sister silently prepared toast and passed her two slices with a coating of savoury brown sauce.
‘I still don’t know how you can eat it with that.’ Amanda said gruffly and popped more bread in the toaster, ‘Will your guest want some?’ she asked pointedly. Lucy looked at her sister and shrugged. ‘So who is this one?’
‘Can we do this later?’ Lucy said. Amanda turned and refilled the kettle, nostrils flaring. She tried to resist lecturing her younger sibling but quickly succumbed to the burning need.
‘You know I’m always here for you and will always support you, but this habit of yours…’
‘Amanda, please.’
‘When are you going to accept that he’s gone and turn the page?’ she asked sympathetically; Lucy looked to the ceiling for help. She stepped closer and affectionately brushed Lucy’s auburn hair from her eyes, ‘Babe, it’s not normal. And I suppose your friend is a dead ringer for him?’
Lucy knew the question was rhetorical, she sighed and embraced her sister, pressing her busty chest into Amanda’s abdomen who responded by planting a concerned kiss on her forehead, ‘It was seven months yesterday.’
‘I know, babe. It’s time to let go.’ Lucy took a bite of toast and gave a non-committal look. Amanda knew better than to press further; she turned and started to clear things away, ‘Any plans today?’
‘When he wakes up I’ll see what he wants to do.’
‘You’re going to spend more time with him?’
‘I hope so.’
‘Do you think that’s a good idea?’
‘Yes! I’m sorry, but I do. Right now I really need to pretend a little bit longer.’
Nick entered the pub near Sofia’s house feeling worse-for-wear but looking as understatedly serene as ever. He had a natural ability to glide rather than walk; his height, features and confident air caught people’s attention without being pretty or brash. He sat at the bar and scanned the surroundings; the pub was empty but it was still early Saturday afternoon, she might pop in for a late lunch or early dinner and he planned to hang around in case she did. He ordered a pint; hair of the dog for the progressive hangover wreaking havoc on his insides. He’d showered, scanned Sofia’s social pages for movements and driven past her home: no updates, no recent sightings, no mysterious black Mercedes outside. Not knowing about her troubled him greatly; imagining what she was doing was always more tortuous than the truth. He cringed as he sipped his bitter drink and turned to the television, showing intense graphic-heavy football coverage; he pulled a cigarette from his pocket and went outside to light up. On the other side of the street a dark slender woman hurried home with shopping bags and he gazed after her until she disappeared from view:
HAIR: Long, black and wavy – Likeness Match: 9/10
FACE: Indeterminable from this range – Likeness Match: n/a
HEIGHT: 5’7” – a couple of inches shorter than Sofia – Likeness Match: 7/10
BOOBS: Fuller than Sofia’s perfect ‘ski-slopes’ – Likeness Match: 8/10
ARSE: Good protrusion – Likeness Match: 8/10
LEGS: Bit stubby – Likeness Match: 7/10
SCENT: Indeterminable from this range – Likeness Match: n/a
OVERALL: Decent. Go talk to her!
He sighed to himself, from that distance the woman looked a lot like Sofia. He was so lost in red-blooded nostalgic thought that he nearly failed to notice a black Mercedes park outside the pub and a couple get out. He suddenly recognised the license plate; it was the Mercedes. He turned hoping to see Sofia, even though it would only confirm his worst fears, but the girl was a petit redhead; his heart sank. Maybe he should have been pleased but subconsciously all he wanted was to see her again, even if it was with someone else. He exchanged a look with the man as the couple approached the pub, ‘Arrogant snob!’ he thought simply because he wore glasses over a self-important expression and had a fancy suit on, ‘If he’s with the redhead he’s obviously not seeing Sofia, so there must be another reason why his car’s always outside.’ he concluded. Feeling slightly relieved he tossed his cigarette and went inside the pub.
The girl was affectionate with the man as they stood at the bar, stroking his back as he bantered with the barman; Nick smiled to himself as he sat on the stool next to them to force down his waiting beer. The girl planted a tender kiss on the man’s cheek and made her way to the toilets as he took a sip from his drink and looked sideways at Nick; he put his drink on the bar, paused and winked at the bartender.
‘You’re Nick Green aren’t you?’ he asked confidently. Nick was taken aback.
‘Yes.’
‘You’re an artist, right?’
‘Yes.’ he replied curiously.
‘How’s that going?’
‘I mainly do graphic design now.’ he said honestly, ‘Steadier money.’
‘I suppose so, especially if you’re not very good.’
Nick prickled at the comment but decided it was probably offhand; he even faked a snort and politely added, ‘Yeh!’
‘A mutual friend told me all about you.’ the man said.
‘Josh owns a big art gallery in Soho.’ added the bartender, drying a glass.
‘I understand you’re struggling for work at the moment?’ he asked, smirking at the barman.
Nick was unsure how to take the direct questioning, ‘Things are a bit quiet but they’ll pick up soon.’ he said noncommittally.
‘Still, nice to see you have the pennies to treat yourself to a nice pint!’ Josh said; the barman scoffed as he wiped around the inside of a wine glass. Nick sensed he was the subject of an in-joke and decided to ignore them. After an uncomfortable silence Josh spoke again, ‘Didn’t you go out with that lovely Italian girl, Sofia, for a few years?’
Nick shuffled uncomfortably on his stool, ‘Yes.’
‘They say you were awfully cut up about it?’ Nick ignored him and Josh winked at the barman, grinning as he started drying plates. Josh put his drink to his lips and uttered under his breath, ‘At least now she’s getting it from a real man!’ and he took a sip as the barman childishly snickered.
Time seemed to freeze as the words whirled around Nick’s mind trying to register, ‘Did he really just say that? Could I have misheard?’ but there was no time for reasoning, red mist flooded his brain and choked any benefit of doubt. He sprang from the stool and punched Josh’s face, shattering his glasses and sending him crashing to the floor. The barman froze as Nick turned to him, the look in his eyes and devastating dismissal of his friend filled him with apprehension; he knew trying to eject this particular patron was probably a bad idea. Fearful that Nick might attack, he launched the ceramic plate he was holding and ran to the back office; the plate spun through the air like a Frisbee and hit Nick hard, thudding off his forehead and smashing on the floor. He stumbled back, dazed by the unexpected missile and sharp pain searing through his brain. The redhead appeared from the toilets and stopped short at the sight of Josh on the floor and Nick blankly looking at her. Blood suddenly gushed down his face and reality returned, he dabbed at the wound and tried to speak to the girl – offer an explanation – but no vocabulary existed to vindicate him from the scene in front of her. Instead he turned and staggered out of the pub. The barman looked round the door and saw the girl rushing to Josh, still motionless. He hurried over.
‘I called for an ambulance and police are on their way. Did the bloke leave?’
‘Yeh. What happened?’
‘He went berserk. Hit Josh for no reason.’
‘You’re joking?’
‘Don’t worry, we know who he is…’
Josh began to groan. The girl crouched down beside him, reluctant to clean the glass from his blood-red face, ‘Don’t move, Christopher. Everything will be alright.’
‘Christopher? His name’s Joshua.’
‘Oh, yeh. Sorry. We only met last night.’
‘I’m Tony.’
‘Lucy.’ she replied, parting Josh’s matted hair.
Chapter 2
Plates & Spin
The jam-packed Club Salsa in Covent Garden was particularly sticky this late-June Saturday night; the tinny rhythms, toothy grins and over-pronounced dance steps were in abundance and Nick was in his element. He wasn’t a fan of the music nor was he a keen dancer; it was las chicas latinas that tickled his fancy – plenty of Sofia-lookalikes in salsa bars. Trumpets and the dank aroma of body-heat filled the tatty club as Nick staggered around, alcohol-soaked and worse for wear. People moved out the way as he approached, intimidated by the unsightly gash on his forehead. He went from tall slender brunette to tall slender brunette – anyone slightly resembling his ex – but without success. Meeting girls usually happened easily but a whole afternoon drinking and worrying about the pub incident was plainly showing.
‘Hola baby!’ he slurred at one South American beauty trying order a mojito at the bar. She regarded him with disgust and he hung around longer than he should have, swaying on the spot and thinking of things to say; the girl shuffled closer to the bar to put more distance between her and the uncomfortable advances she knew were coming. He repeatedly blinked to himself, hiccupped and finally got the message; he staggered off and walked straight into what he recognised as a beautifully large pair of breasts. Again, he lingered longer than he should have.
The small redhead pushed him back, ‘Be careful…’ she said stopping short as she recognised him, ‘Oh my god! You!’
Nick had been replaying the events in the pub all day and it soon dawned on him that this was the girl with Josh, ‘You!’
‘I’ve spent half the day in A&E because of you!’ she said angrily. ‘You’re in quite some trouble!’
‘Police?’
‘They’re the last of your worries. The guy you put in hospital is not someone you should’ve messed with.’
Nick’s shoulders dropped, ‘It’s not how it seems…’
‘It never is.’ Lucy said dully.
‘Look, that bloke started on me because he’s seeing my ex. I didn’t know though, he just blurted it out, laughing at me!’ Lucy looked him in the eye. ‘He knew stuff, started getting personal.’ Nick wiped his nose and wobbled on the spot.
‘Is that true?’
‘Yeh! Arrogant git!’ he spat, ‘It really wasn’t a good idea.’
‘Because you’re such a hard man?’
‘No, because I’m still crushed over it!’ he replied, emotion glazing his eyes.
Lucy softened at his sincerity, ‘Yeh, well I know what that’s like…’ she said sympathising with the swaying figure in front of her; she wanted to dislike him but somehow emphasised completely.
‘I think she left me for that idiot! And you were all over him in the pub; did you even know he has a girlfriend?’
Lucy blushed as she always did when ashamed, embarrassed or both, ‘Yes.’
‘Oh, really?’ he said pointedly, she didn’t respond. They both stared out to the dance floor looking at nothing in particular. ‘I like how your face goes red when you’re put on the spot!’ he said with a smirk; Lucy looked down. ‘Anyway, I’m really sorry you got involved.’ A tall brunette walked past and Nick’s gaze automatically followed her, ‘Erm, do you wanna drink?’ he asked Lucy distractedly.
‘No thank you, I’m meeting someone.’
‘Oh, okay. Maybe later…’ He was interrupted by a firm hand on his shoulder.
‘Where the hell have you been?’ Konrad said glaring at him.
‘Kon! What you doing here?’
‘I’ve been looking everywhere! Why aren’t you answering your phone?’
‘Long story.’
‘Of which the police have a starring role?’
‘They’ve been round?’
Konrad nodded and saw the gash on his head, ‘What happened today?’
‘Drink!’ Nick suggested, ‘Let’s get a drink first.’
Konrad looked at Lucy for an introduction he soon realised wasn’t coming, ‘Hello, I’m Konrad.’
‘Lucy.’
Konrad leaned to Nick and whispered, ‘How drunk are you right now? You know she looks nothing like The Italian Witch, don’t you?’ The pair looked at Lucy, smiling uncomfortably.
‘I guess that’s my cue.’ she announced as they ogled her, ‘Have a peaceful evening, fellers.’ and she marched off.
‘Nicholas Green!’ Konrad barked, turning to his alarmed friend, ‘Resorting to violence? You’re worse than Adolf Hitler!’
‘Oh, stop with that! Get me a drink and I’ll tell you what happened.’
‘It’s not me you need to explain to, you’re in quite some bother.’
‘Drink!’ Nick demanded.
‘Alright! Go get that table, I’ll be back in a sec.’ Konrad disappeared to the bar as Nick barged past a couple making a bee-line for the recently vacated table and flopped into a chair to claim ownership. He rested his arm on the rail and looked down at the lower level, where a line of tables circled the heaving dance floor. Lucy was taking a seat and turned to watch the energetic dancers rhythmically shuffling across the floor. After a while he noticed her attention was on one person; a studious man wearing a suit and glasses, clearly no more than a couple of weeks into salsa lessons as he lumbered alongside the naturally shimmying dancers. Her gaze followed the man wherever he moved.
‘She must know him.’ he thought to himself, ‘He’s probably who she’s meeting.’ He continued to study the man, ‘Strange – he looks a lot like Josh…’
A couple walked past Lucy’s table and the man broke off to say hello; he was also dark and bespectacled. As his girlfriend huffed impatiently nearby they exchanged pleasantries, with Lucy beaming like a lovelorn teenager throughout. She listened intently and went to part his hair, but he stiffened and left to join his partner; they walked off in argument and Lucy sat down to find the dancer. Nick could see her anxiously looking around, unable to locate him, then her shoulders relaxed as she spotted him with friends at the bar.
‘So, she doesn’t know him…’ he realised and made his way to the lower level as Konrad arrived at the empty table holding two beers.
‘Selfish sod!’ he said through gritted teeth, looking around for his wayward friend.
‘Hello again.’ Nick said brightly, jolting Lucy from her lust-filled daydream; she was far from pleased.
‘Enjoying your last few hours of freedom?’ she said coldly.
Nick smirked and invited himself to sit down, ‘So what is it with you and dark, speccy nerds?’ he asked. Lucy panicked, suddenly feeling exposed; she considered her response but her mind was unable to find a starting point.
‘I don’t know what you’re talking about.’ she answered generically.
He leaned in close and looked deep in her eyes, ‘I do what you do.’
‘And what might that be?’ she asked arrogantly, too headstrong to admit she could be read so easily.
‘I hunt women of a specific appearance.’
‘I’m not a lesbian, moron!’
‘Very funny, but you see that girl over there?’ Nick said gesturing to a pretty olive-skinned girl in her twenties, ‘In five minutes I’m going to talk to her because I want to sleep with her tonight.’
Lucy leaned back in disgust, ‘Go away from me you cretin!’
He wasn’t deterred; he knew he had her where he wanted, ‘I want her because she looks exactly like my ex.’ he said, sitting back to regard her reaction. She remained stone-faced as panic punched her insides; however, her radiant blushing only confirmed what Nick already deduced. ‘I’m going to go all out here, you ready?’ he asked politely knowing she was in his sights, ‘I’m guessing you had sex with the geek in the glasses who you just said hello to, who happens to look a lot like the guy over there you can’t take your eyes off, who also happens to look a lot like Josh – who I’m guessing you slept with last night.’ He checked her eyes for a response but she held firm, ‘Who I’m also guessing looks a lot like an ex-boyfriend you’re still very much hung up on.’
Lucy closed her eyes wanting to cry; out of anger for having her darkest secret declared in the open and out of relief for the same reason, ‘How could you possibly get all that in five minutes?’ she asked defeatedly.
‘I told you. I do the same thing.’
The club was half-empty and the dance floor near-deserted as Nick, Lucy and Konrad sat at a junked table arguing in raised voices.
‘No, No, I’m sorry but these notions of eternal love and perfect partners… you’re both delusional!’ Konrad said to the smug pair in front him. Nick and Lucy tapped their glasses, enjoying his arrogant posturing. ‘It’s like believing we live in a free democratic society when totalitarian oppression is there for all to see – if people ever choose to wake up from their telly-induced comas!’
Nick groaned as Lucy leaned forwards, ‘How would you know? You just haven’t found your true love yet.’ she said with a smile. ‘I was lucky. I met my soul-mate at university; we were both street performers here in Covent Garden. Wonderful times…’
‘Oh, please! Believing in a soul-mate is the triumph of hope over experience.’
‘What?’
‘Have you ever had a relationship that hasn’t ended – and ended badly? Even with your sexy street performer?’
‘What a clichéd question, so sad!’ she replied.
‘Don’t insult your way out of it.’ he pressed.
‘No – but that doesn’t mean I’ll stop believing.’
Nick jumped in, ‘Yeh, I’ve had many nights out that ended badly but I’m not going to stop drinking!’
Konrad sighed, ‘You’re both idiots! Falling in love is like intentionally exposing yourself to malaria – you know it’s going to end badly and destroy your wellbeing but you still do it anyway!’
Nick leaned across the table, ‘But Konrad, I’ve found it. Sofia is my other half and who I’m meant to be with. That’s forever, mate.’
‘Then why is she with someone else? Where’s Lucy’s street performing soul-mate now? Why are you both chasing lookalikes instead of living this idyllic existence with your destined half-oranges?’ Konrad dared them to reply with wide-eyes but Lucy slumped in her seat. Nick could feel her dejection and took her hand.
‘Because the love lives, even if our partners are going through a phase where they can’t see it.’ he said looking at Lucy, who smiled weakly.
‘So you’re both just treading water until your soul-mates come back to you?’
Nick stopped to consider as Lucy snapped from her gloom, ‘Yes!’ she said firmly, ‘We are!’ and she gave Nick a supportive wink.
He finished the last of his drink and placed a hand on Konrad’s shoulder, ‘Look, you don’t understand, mate. You haven’t dated anyone in years. Not since Penny Albright took off with her yoga instructor!’
‘Ouch!’ Lucy joked, ‘Another cliché!’
‘Not really.’ Nick said, ‘The instructor was a woman!’ and the pair gleefully erupted at Konrad’s expense.
‘That explains a lot!’ she said through tears, claiming some sort of victory from the exchange.
‘What does that explain? That people are confused and make it up as they go along? That we don’t follow some preordained path of destiny?’
‘Don’t worry, you’ll find the right person one day!’ she teased.
And I suppose I’m living some sort of half-life until I do?’
‘Yes!’ Nick and Lucy said laughing and raised their glasses to overly-toast their agreement.
‘And what you’re doing – how you two are living – that’s healthy is it?’ Konrad served with venom. He leaned forwards to fully appreciate the verbal hand-grenade he tossed behind enemy lines; the ensuing silence meant his aim had been true.
Lucy was relieved to spot someone walk past their table and conveniently changed the subject, ‘Look Nick, it’s that girl you said you were going to talk to. Let’s see you in action then!’ The pretty olive-skinned girl was leaving with a friend and Nick didn’t hesitate to jump from his chair and try for his only chance of a Sofia-fix that night. The girl, initially reluctant, soon warmed to his confident charm as her friend fidgeted nearby.
‘Hey, he’s not bad.’ Lucy said to Konrad, admiring his advances, ‘I’m impressed!’
‘What are you doing?’ he asked seriously, Lucy felt his sobering energy.
‘What do you mean?’
‘Encouraging him. What do you think you’re doing?’
‘I… er…’ she blubbered under the sudden change of tone.
‘I’ve been months trying to get him out of this sick ritual and last night I made real headway…’ Konrad’s mind flashed back to the titty-twist he’d administered at four in the morning, ‘Tweak and twist, learn from this!’ He ignored the ill-timed mental replay and powered on, ‘For the first time in weeks he actually listened to me and appeared remorseful.’
‘Remorseful?’ Lucy said surprised. Konrad leaned in.
‘He’s on the edge, Lucy. He’s about to lose everything and all he’s living for is pointless flings with girls who remind him of another time. He’s chasing memories. You are chasing memories!’ The words rang true as they echoed in Lucy’s mind; emotions came flooding to the surface but she fought them back. Konrad noticed and changed tact, ‘Juggling!’ he said with a cheery tone. ‘You said you were a street performer. Let’s see you juggle!’
‘I didn’t say I could juggle.’
‘Can you?’
‘Yeh.’
‘So come on then!’
‘Oh, I dunno.’ she said tiredly.
‘Here, pack of cigs…’ Konrad said passing her his cigarettes, ‘This saucer…’ and he slid the small dish towards her, ‘And this glass.’ he added, draining the last of what was inside, ‘Anything else?’
‘No, no. Three’s enough the state I’m in!’ she said laughing and carefully got to her feet. She composed herself and gathered the items, smiling proudly as she found good early rhythm and elegantly circled the objects through the air – then she noticed the dancer leaving with his friends and lost concentration; the plate slipped out of her hand, ‘Oops!’ she shrieked, spinning to see its escape from the cyclic union. Nick was too engrossed reciting a saucy D. H. Lawrence poem to the girl – nicely layered with erotic imagery, something he’d learned just for the practise of pulling – to notice the second ceramic missile of the day hurtling towards his head with deadly precision. Like a fateful smart bomb it found its spot, just where the previous one had; Donk! As the saucer shattered on the floor so did Nick’s consciousness and chances with the girl anxiously looking around to see where the object had come from. Konrad and Lucy rushed over as the girl side-stepped to her friend and coolly crept away.
‘Nick, Nick. You okay?’
He groaned and looked up at his friend, ‘Konraaad! My lovely mate, Konrad… don’t leave me, Kon… I, er… apartment…’ he babbled as his eyes rolled in his head.
Konrad smiled, ‘I never planned to move out, Nick. Don’t worry.’
‘Gimme hug!’ he slurred as he tried to get to his feet.
‘Don’t move, stay where you are.’ Lucy offered sympathetically.
‘I’ll get him home.’ Konrad said.
‘No, he needs to go to hospital. This is the second time he’s been concussed today.’
‘But I’ve got to be up early for a demonstration.’ he moaned; Lucy glared at him. ‘Alright.’ he conceded, ‘Suppose I should come too…’
‘No, don’t worry. No point us both going.’
‘Don’t be silly…’ he protested weakly.
‘Konrad, this was my fault; and besides I’m getting quite used to this today.’
‘If you’re sure then?’ and he promptly stood up and strode towards the exit.
‘Oi!’ she shouted after him.
‘What?’
‘Help me get him in a taxi?’
‘Oh, yeh…’
Chapter 3
Pray & Prey
Lucy sported a broad smile as she stirred to the morning sunshine streaming through her bedroom window; she rolled on her side and opened her eyes, finding a strange man with gauze dressing fast asleep in her bed. She gasped and sat up clutching her knees, slowly recalling the events from hours before. As she came to terms with Nick lying beside her, oblivious to the panic attack he’d inadvertently caused, she regarded him with curiosity. Wearing a naughty grin she meticulously parted his hair and sat back to inspect the results; it needed something else. She reached for her reading glasses and carefully placed them on his head, glancing at the framed photo of her ex by the bed for comparison. She narrowed her eyes and concentrated hard but soon gave up and jumped out of bed to put her dressing gown on.
Amanda was making tea when Lucy entered the kitchen; she slid across a plate of toast covered in brown sauce.
‘So is the same man as last night?’ she asked with a prickly tone.
‘No. Josh is in hospital, remember?’
‘Ah yes, the midday pub fight. How could I forget?’ Amanda said sarcastically, ‘So who’s this one?’
‘Erm. He’s the one who put Josh in hospital.’
Amanda remained expressionless then turned to make more toast, ‘Well of course, that’s perfectly normal.’ she said dryly, ‘The alpha male got to claim his prize.’
‘It’s not like that!’
‘It never is!’
‘I bumped into him in a club…’
‘Morning.’ Nick said appearing at the doorway in his underwear and still wearing Lucy’s spectacles.
Amanda looked at Lucy confused, ‘He’s blonde!’ she said in a high pitched tone.
‘Not now.’ she whispered, smiling politely at Nick; she whipped the glasses off his head as quick as she could but Amanda noticed.
‘He doesn’t wear glasses!’ she gasped.
‘Thank god for that, I thought my eyesight was buggered after you knocked me out!’ he said, enjoying the miraculous return of vision.
Amanda closed her eyes in despair, ‘You knocked him out?’
‘Yeh…’
‘Your life’s worse than a soap opera! How did you do that?’
‘She glassed me with a plate.’ Nick said stealing a slice of Lucy’s toast; he choked on his first nibble, ‘What the hell’s on this?’ Amanda’s raised eye brows demanded a rapid and satisfactory explanation.
‘It was an accident!’ Lucy protested. ‘I was juggling with some things from the table and a saucer slipped out my hand.’
‘Caught me sweet on my wound.’ Nick added, scanning the kitchen for more food.
‘The one from earlier in the day.’ Lucy chipped-in.
‘Yes, I heard about that. So you could say you got what you deserved then?’
‘Erm…’ he replied.
Amanda turned to Lucy, ‘And out of sympathy you thought you’d part his hair, slap glasses on his head and have sex with him?’
‘What? No! I had to take him to hospital.’ Lucy said, ruffling the parting out of his hair. ‘I told him it was okay to stay here after they let him out. It was late, Amanda!’ As she digested the unfolding storyline the doorbell rang. ‘I’ll get it.’ Lucy said and left Nick alone with her sister, longing for the toast she was biting into.
‘Lucy Caulston?’ asked a policeman at the front door.
‘Yes.’
‘We’re trying to locate Nicholas Green. We understand you were with him at St Thomas’ Hospital earlier this morning.’
‘Oh. Yes, I think I was…’
‘You think?’
‘Yes, I was.’
‘Do you know where he is now?’
Nick appeared from the kitchen eating a slice of toast; he saw the policemen and froze.
‘Give me my back my bloody t…’ Amanda said snatching the toast out of Nick’s mouth; she followed his stare and smiled grimly at the two officers talking to Lucy.
‘Bloody hell, boss!’ gasped Samoan Sam, a 6’ 5” brick house in a snug-fitting black suit. He was of Maori descent, hailing from New Zealand, some 2,000 miles from Samoa, but at some point his British schoolmates presumably felt Maori Sam didn’t have the right ring for a well-serving nickname. He entered the spacious, clinically-white Joshua Arnaud Art Gallery and found the owner unwrapping recently-delivered paintings in preparation for a new exhibition.
‘I know, I know.’ Josh said angrily, sporting two black eyes and a nose-splint. He ripped the packaging from one painting with spiteful gusto.
‘Broken nose?’ Sam asked.
‘What do you think?’
‘Tony said some guy hit you for no reason?’
‘More or less.’
‘You know who?’
Josh sneered, ‘Yeh. Sofia’s ex.’
‘Really? What she say about that?’
‘She doesn’t know it was him and I prefer it stay that way.’
‘Because she’ll see him as some sort of hero and you’ll be even further humiliated?’ he asked innocently.
‘No!’ Josh growled, ripping open another painting, ‘Because it keeps things cleaner.’
‘You want me to go in? Break some bones?’
‘Not yet, he’s been charged so we can’t get involved at the moment. What I want you to do is find out all there is to know about him, understand?’
‘Yes, boss.’
Josh struggled with the packaging on the largest painting propped against the wall, ‘That way I can work out how to get him back for this.’ he said, straining to open the tightly-packaged exhibit, ‘Hit him where it hurts the most.’ he added, red in the face. He released the packaging and stood up exasperated, ‘Can you help with this!’ he shouted at Samoan Sam.
‘Sure.’ he replied and tore it open with a single movement of his bulky arm.
Nick took a long tug on a joint and blew the smoke onto the polished marble headstone in front of him. He was sitting cross-legged on the grave, holding a can of beer and conversing with the slab inches from his face.
‘And that was the day I met Lucy.’ he said with a laugh which quickly became a wheezy coughing fit. He held the spliff up to the headstone, ‘It was easier when we used to share these, Mum!’ He took a delicate drag, ‘But I dunno… you always said special encounters have significance and something tells me that she could really help. Well, she understands me better than anyone else – all Konrad does is tell me to grow a pair and move on with my life – but she’s going through the same thing.’ He took a long pull on the joint, ‘Here!’ he said as he blew smoke onto the inscribed marble, ‘You understand too of course but I could really use a friend with this, know what I mean?’
A family of four passing through the cemetery noticed Nick sat in the middle of a grave holding a beer and joint and conversing with the headstone. The father ushered his two children along the path staring back in disgust.
‘But that was a week ago and she won’t take my calls or come to the door.’ he said stubbing the joint and placing the butt in a cigarette packet, ‘I guess now I’ve been formally charged I won’t hear from her again. I pleaded guilty at the hearing and now have to wait for sentencing; thankfully Konrad’s been helping loads. It’s my first offense but the bloke’s injuries were bad…’ he drew a heavy sigh. ‘…and we’ve been advised that I could go to prison.’ He stared out to the horizon, calmly contemplating, ‘I guess I should be worried but all I can think about is Sofia. How much I still need her, real or otherwise.’ he paused as emotion throttled his Adam’s apple, ‘Since you’ve been gone it’s the only thing that makes me feel alive…’ Nick got up, poured some beer over the headstone and tucked the marijuana and rolling papers into plastic wrapping which he buried beneath the soil at the foot of the marker. ‘Always a pleasure, until next time, Mum.’ he said as his phone began to ring, Lucy displayed on the screen. ‘Wow!’ he said to his mother’s headstone and eagerly took the call, ‘Hello?’
‘Nick?’
‘Yeh.’
‘It’s Lucy.’
‘Hey! Everything okay?’
‘Yeh…’ she said unconvincingly, ‘Look, can we meet? Are you free?’
‘Of course, where are you?’
‘I’m on my way home; I’ll be back in Camden…’
‘Oh my god!’
‘What?’
‘Lucy?’ he shouted.
‘Yes, I’m still here. Can you hear me okay?’
‘No, I mean… I think I see you…’ he hung up and called to the petit girl busying along the nearby path, ‘Lucy!’
She saw Nick waving and made her way over, shaking her head with surprise.
‘I don’t believe it! What are you doing here?’
‘Visiting.’ he said out-of-breath, gesturing to his mother’s marker:
In memory of
Gloria ‘Peace Warrior’ Green
1951 – 2013
Dedicated mother, committed lover, proud hippie
‘Nice!’ she said, unsure how to take the strange inscription. ‘Not nice that she died though, of course.’ she clarified awkwardly, ‘And what about your dad?’
Nick shook his head, overwhelmed to see her, ‘This is so weird! What are you doing here?’
‘I cut through here every day. It’s the quickest route to the tube station.’
‘So why did you call me?’
She paused, looking concerned, ‘Oh, I don’t know…’
‘Go on!’
‘Well, after the other night…’
‘Yeh?’
‘It dawned on me…’
‘Yeh?’
‘That you might be the only person who can understand me right now…’
He jumped in excitedly, ‘Exactly! That’s why I’ve been contacting you!’
Lucy continued to look sombre alongside Nick’s evident elation, ‘My sister said it was a bad idea to see you but I’m just really down right now and need a fix, if you know what I mean?’
‘Of course I do! My friends tell me the same thing! They don’t understand!’
She suddenly panicked, ‘I’m not suggesting you though!’
‘I know, I know, don’t worry. Obviously I’m not your type!’ he said with a grin, forming a pair of glasses with his fingers and thumbs. Lucy still appeared troubled, as he touched her upper arm she startled, ‘Look, stop overthinking things. This is perfect! I’ll be your wingman, you’ll be my wing… bird!’ he said as Lucy grimaced slightly, ‘We’ll go out together, meet lookalikes together, we’ll meet so many replicas we’ll never feel pain again!’
‘Nick…’
‘We’ll support each other… we’ll have a date for any occasion…’
‘Nick, stop a moment.’
‘I’ve given this a lot of thought. I reckon first we need to…’
‘Nick!’ she shouted, stress leaping out of her voice like oil spitting from a pan, ‘I’m sorry but I don’t think I can do this…’
‘What? No, come on. This is a great idea.’
‘No, it’s not. I’m sorry.’ she said, moving away, ‘I’m really sorry… I can’t do this.’ and she turned and hurried off.
‘Lucy? Lucy, come back!’
‘Why you asking me, mate? I don’t bloody understand women!’ Konrad said, sprawled across the sofa, engrossed in a copy of Das Kapital by Karl Marx. Nick was sat on the carpet drawing in his sketching pad with a set of palomino pencils. ‘And neither do you based on how screwed up you are right now!’
‘Come on, mate, help me understand what I did to make her change her mind?’ he pleaded, fussing over pencil shading in his pad.
‘Suggesting you go out on the pull together to have sex with strangers?’
Nick tutted, ‘She came to me about that!’
‘Then as I said, I don’t know. She sounds irrational and flaky, qualities you don’t need in a friend.’
‘Well she is a woman!’ Nick joked as he erased the shading he’d been deliberating over; Konrad looked up from his book nonplussed then returned to reading, ‘It was just a joke, forget it.’
‘Already forgotten.’
‘I really need a friend who likes girls!’ he murmured under his breath.
‘I heard that.’ Konrad said from behind his book.
Nick put the pencil to his lip lost in thought, ‘I have to get her on-board somehow…’ he glanced across at Konrad, scratching himself through his trousers, ‘Any ideas, Kon?’
‘None.’ he shot back.
‘Come on, help me out!’
‘Look, will you leave me be! I’m bolstering the ole grey matter.’
‘With what?’ he scoffed, ‘Some conspiracy theorist nonsense about squirrels running the White House?’
Konrad lowered his book and glared with astonishment, ‘It’s Karl Marx!’
‘You’re a tree-hugger for the council you’re not a spotty student anymore! Why you even reading that?’
‘Tree planning officer, thank you.’ Konrad replied, sitting upright, ‘And I’m reading it because it warns of exactly where we are now; billions of people controlled by finance – run by a few – that absorb all the wealth and perpetuate immoral systems that benefit the top 1%!’
‘Bloody hell, mate!’ he groaned.
Konrad sighed and returned to his book, ‘Bunch of hereditary-privileged bandits!’ he muttered trying to find where he’d finished reading, ‘Not a chin or strand of humanity among them! I’m telling you, speccy bankers will be first against the wall come The Great Revolution!’
Nick startled brightly as if woken by a pleasant sex act; he pondered on his train of thought as Konrad pleased himself by miming a sniper firing at a line of bawling blue-bloods, ‘Konrad, you’re a genius!’
‘Eh?’
‘I have an idea. I need your help…’
‘I’ve told you, I’m not supporting this insane obsession of yours.’
‘Very last thing, just a phone call – and I’ll sign all your petty tree petitions for the next twelve months!’
‘Every one?’
‘Yes.’ he said tiredly.
Konrad bolted upright, ‘Great, because there’s an area of Hampstead Heath that’ll be developed unless we halt plans for a mini-village…’
‘Do you dream this guff up?’
‘I’m telling you, a Starbucks at every tree, that’s the agenda!’
Lucy walked into Paternoster Square in the heart of London’s financial district, a popular spot during lunchtime. She blew out her reddened cheeks as she looked around, sticky from travelling across town on a hot Monday afternoon, and unbuttoned the top of her blouse as she scanned the bistros and public benches. Nick suddenly appeared from behind a column.
‘Hi, Luce.’
‘What are you doing here? Where’s Konrad?’
‘Ah yeh, have to apologise about that, I’m afraid I used him to lure you here.’
Lucy looked at him with disdain, ‘Right, that’s it. I’m leaving…’
As she walked away Nick gently took her by the arm, ‘Wait.’ She glared impatiently, ‘Just look around for me, please.’
Lucy viewed the scene, ‘What am I supposed to be looking for?’
He pointed out individuals whiling away a sun-baked afternoon, each one dark-haired, besuited and bespectacled, ‘Your ex! Your ex! He could be your ex after a few stiff drinks! He’s a good replica. He looks nothing like your ex but is still worth pointing out…’ While Nick singled out studious-looking men Lucy’s mouth dropped; he proudly postured in front of her, ‘Welcome to your very own magical hunting ground – Speccy Shangri-La!’
Lucy marvelled at the hordes of potential prey on display, ‘A banker’s paradise! I don’t know why I never thought of this before!’
‘I know! The perfect gathering spot for London’s biggest nerds!’
A sinful smile flashed across Lucy’s face which quickly melted into apprehension, ‘Nick, you shouldn’t have done this.’
‘Why?’
‘I’m doing really well at the moment, I’m trying to stop all this and move on with my life.’
‘And how’s that working out for you?’
‘Fine.’ she answered automatically.
Nick put his face close and looked her in the eye, ‘Really?’
She pondered then crumbled into confessional laughter, ‘Alright, bloody terrible!’ she admitted, bowing her head into Nick’s chest. He brightened like an excitable child.
‘Right! Wait here!’
Lucy grabbed his hand, ‘Nick, what are you doing?’
‘I think that one looks most like the guy in the photo by your bed, don’t you?’ he said gesturing to a man in a grey suit leaning against a column; he was enjoying the warm sunlight on his face, occasionally pausing to eat couscous from a Tupperware. Lucy weighed him up:
HEIGHT: 5’11” – Slightly short – Likeness Match: 8/10
HAIR: Dark brown and perfectly parted – Likeness Match: 9/10
FACE: Fractionally rounder but otherwise very similar – Likeness Match: 9/10
GLASSES: Thicker-framed but close enough – Likeness Match: 8/10
BUILD: Slightly flabby belt-line but decent – Likeness Match: 8/10
ARSE: Indeterminable from this angle. Blasted pillar! – Likeness Match: n/a
SCENT: Indeterminable from this range – Likeness Match: n/a
OVERALL: WOW!
Lucy’s coy sigh was evident approval of Nick’s considered recommendation. He gave her a wink and casually walked over to the man and engaged him out of earshot from Lucy’s nervous curiosity; after a moment he peered over his shoulder and looked her up and down. Standing in her low blouse and elegant beige skirt and heels, her auburn hair loosely tied-back, she was the perfect vision of girl-next-door sexiness – even to Nick and his otherwise myopic tastes. The man nodded approvingly and Nick gestured him over; he placed his Tupperware in his briefcase and walked to Lucy, shaking in her Louboutin shoes. The man gave her an eager smile.
‘Hi, I’m Tristan.’
‘Lucy.’ she replied, her cheeks reddening.
‘Your friend said you’re interested in meeting later?’ he asked with a posh, confident tone. Initially angry at Nick’s boldness Lucy stirred to Tristan’s uncanny resemblance to her ex. She deliberated, finally giving in to the frisky temptation bubbling inside, ‘Yes.’ she replied.
As the couple spoke and exchanged numbers Nick took a seat on a nearby bench and removed items from his holdall. Lucy said farewell to her newfound lookalike and walked to Nick with a wide grin; he poured champagne into two plastic cups from a Laurent-Perrier mini bottle.
‘To a successful partnership!’ he toasted and she excitably tapped his cup.
‘You helped me so I’m going to help you! Anyone here giving you that feeling?’ she suggested. Nick smiled and tilted his head; without breaking eye contact Lucy gestured to someone over his shoulder, ‘The girl in the red dress? I knew it!’ she said touching his knee, ‘Be right back!’ and she left to speak to the brunette in fetching ruby summer dress, sat on her own drinking coffee. Nick waited on the bench, serenely enjoying the splendid skyline and sipping champagne with devil-may-care smugness.
Lucy slumped heavily beside him, jolting him from his tranquillity, ‘She has a boyfriend.’
He startled at both her ninja-like approach and unexpected outcome, ‘Oh.’ he said sadly, somehow sure that teaming with Lucy would guarantee results.
She laughed and leaned close, ‘But she thinks you’re hot and still wants to meet later!’ she added, vigorously slapping Nick’s thigh.
‘Really?’
‘Yeh! She’s coming out with us later.’
Nick looked confused, ‘Us?’
‘Yes, we’re double-dating.’
‘Okay.’ he said disappointedly, ‘So me and…’
‘Lidia.’
‘Are going out with you and…’
‘Tristan.’
‘This evening for dinner?’
‘Yep.’
‘As a foursome?’
‘There will be four of us, yes.’
‘What are we having?’
‘Indian.’
Nick’s face creased, ‘Really?’
‘You don’t like curry?’
‘I hate spicy food.’
‘I bet Lidia is spicy!’ she teased.
‘I’m not eating curry!’ he insisted, ignoring the opportunity to engage in a more exciting topic of conversation.
‘Oh, don’t be such a girl!’ she said getting to her feet and straightening her skirt, ‘Right, I gotta get back to work.’ She ruffled his hair, ‘The Ashram on Brick Lane at eight o’clock – don’t be late!’
Chapter 4
Whiskey & Lies
The double-daters were sat on a table at the back of the Ashram restaurant in Whitechapel, Nick next to Lucy with Lidia and Tristan opposite.
‘Did you have to order chips?’ Lidia asked sternly as Nick tucked into a plate of fries while the others enjoyed spiced curries.
‘Yes, it’s terrifically embarrassing, Nicholas.’ Tristan added.
‘Please, just Nick.’
Lucy stepped-in, ‘It’s okay, remember he doesn’t like spicy food?’
‘He could have had a korma!’ Lidia pointed out.
‘Yes, or a pasanda; they’re both terrifically mild.’
‘Thank you for your suggestions, which are as valid now as they were half an hour ago, but I’m fine with this.’ he replied, giving Lucy an exasperated expression.
‘You may be fine but the rest of us are wishing the ground would swallow us. Everyone’s looking!’ Tristan moaned.
‘Can we please stop talking about this? I really don’t see it as a problem.’ Lucy said, putting her hand on Nick’s thigh.
‘Let me at least order him a bhaji – are you okay with onion?’ Lidia asked. Nick rolled his eyes and defiantly stuffed a forkful of chips in his mouth.
‘Did anyone see that new talent show last night?’ Lucy said trying to break the tension, ‘I can’t believe how some people…’
‘Now that really is a step too far!’ interrupted Tristan after a passing waiter placed a bottle of ketchup next to Nick. He turned to thank the attendant, who accidentally bumped into a diner on their way to the toilet. Tristan reached across and swiped the condiment off the table, ‘I’m terrifically sorry, Nicholas, but one really should make an effort at an ethnic restaurant.’
‘Not if one doesn’t like it! And call me Nicholas again and I’ll terrifically twat you!’ he answered with open eyes.
‘Cigarette time?’ Lucy said, gripping his thigh under the table.
Nick stood and threw his serviette on top of Tristan’s dinner, ‘Good idea!’ and he left to enjoy a moment outside; Lucy smiled awkwardly at the replicas opposite, both gauging her with looks.
‘I thought you said he was charming?’ Lidia said.
‘Entirely! It’s like dining with a chimp!’
‘Sometimes he can be sweet…’ Lucy replied, looking around for help that wasn’t coming.
Konrad was alone on the sofa, channel-hopping with his arm outstretched, clicking buttons on the remote control as if firing rounds from a pistol. He tutted loudly as he passed lame celebrity shows on every channel, finally throwing the remote across the room, ‘Arrghhh! The banality!’ he protested to the wall-mounted TV. He picked up his phone and nervously pondered in front of it before placing it gently on the table. He stood and paced the living room, occasionally looking over his shoulder; eventually he found the pluck to look up Penny Albright in his contact list. He called; it went to answerphone, ‘Hi Penny. It’s me. Sorry to call again but I just wanted to speak to you. Hear your voice…’
Nick and Lucy sat cross-armed, looking glumly at the replicas engrossed in conversation. The waiter clumsily cleared the table, leaning across and dropping items off his cluttered tray. Tristan and Lidia were unperturbed, remaining connected even when he spilled wine down Tristan’s leg.
‘Not going so well is it?’ Nick shot sideways.
‘It is for them!’ Lucy replied, evidently fed-up.
‘Who cares? They’re made for each other, stuck-up snobs!’
‘Shut up! Tristan is an amazing lookalike!’ she eyed him with a sigh, ‘Just perfect.’
‘He might be a dead ringer but he’s a complete arse, you’ve had a lucky escape there!’
‘Yeh, some healing intimacy with someone who could pass as my ex’s twin would be a nightmare!’ she answered dryly, ‘Obviously I only came here to watch you eat chips with ketchup!’
Nick sulked like a child, ‘Actually I didn’t have ketchup – you wouldn’t let me!’
‘And look at her… she’s not even that attractive!’ Lucy bitched, glaring at Lidia who sparkled as she touched Tristan at every opportunity.
‘Now, now!’ Nick said, laughing to himself.
‘Is she a good Sofia-double?’
‘No, not really.’ he groaned. ‘But with some mood-lighting and few more beers…’
Lucy called across the table to the pair, busy stroking each other’s hair, ‘Shall we get the bill then?’ They failed to hear, lost in their private cocoon. ‘I SAID SHALL WE GET THE BILL?’
‘Oh. Yeh, why not?’ Lidia answered, meticulously parting Tristan’s hair. Lucy scowled like a jealous teen. Nick called the waiter who bounded over like an excitable puppy, sliding into the end of the table and sloshing the drinks. Tristan and Lidia remained fixed in each other’s gaze.
‘How possible I help?’ he asked.
‘Can you toss these two onto the street?’ Lucy said; he looked at her confused.
Nick kindly stepped-in, ‘Actually just the bill please.’
‘The bill?’
‘Yes.’ Nick replied curtly, and after quite some time the waiter edged away.
Konrad sobbed on the sofa singing to Lionel Richie’s Penny Lover blasting out of the stereo, ‘Penny lover don’t you walk on by. Penny Lover don’t you make me cry…’ He picked up a large tub of ice cream and started shovelling in spoonfuls as tears fell and the song’s emotional finale grew to a crescendo. A message came through on his phone from Penny Albright:
Please stop calling. I’m fed up telling you the same thing. Move on! Goodbye!
Konrad hugged a nearby cushion as his sobbing reached fever pitch and Lionel Richie faded into the ether.
‘It won’t always end up like this.’ Nick said to Lucy as they solemnly watched Tristan and Lidia get into a taxi hand in hand.
‘Thanks for such a lovely, lovely evening.’ Lidia said from the cab window sporting a radiant smile.
‘Sorry it didn’t work out, Lucy – but I’m pleased things turned out terrifically well with Lidia.’ Tristan added, ‘Nick, I’m sure we’ll never speak again. Good luck with all your issues.’ and the taxi sped off.
‘There goes my ex’s spitting image – thanks a bunch for acting so childishly, Nick!’ she said, longing after the taxi carrying Tristan from view.
‘Hey, you would never have met him without me!’ he protested as Lucy turned away; he felt her disappointment, ‘Although I realise I could have made more of an effort – how can I make it up to you? Fancy going to a club?’
‘No, not in the mood – plus I have to be up early for work. I’m just gonna go home I think.’
‘Okay but let’s not get the tube, I’ll pay for a cab.’
‘It’s not the offer I was hoping for tonight but I’ll accept.’ Lucy remarked as she moped to the next waiting taxi.
Missing by Everything But The Girl happily bounced out of the stereo as Konrad finished off the last of the Jack Daniel’s and searched the kitchen for more, ‘You’re long gone but I can’t move on. And I miss you. Like the deserts miss the rain…’ he hummed, scouring the cupboards. Unable to find anything sufficiently heady to drink Konrad grabbed his wallet and keys from the living room table, collected two rubbish bags by the front door and headed out. As he staggered down the flight of stairs and exited onto Camden High Street he failed to notice Samoan Sam lingering outside, scanning the building exterior. Sam straightened as if standing to attention when Konrad flew out of the front door but he was too preoccupied to notice conspicuous-looking heavies in his moment of hazy haste. A few steps along the deserted pavement he stopped to tie his shoe-lace, swaying as he dropped the rubbish bags and fumbling with the ends. Samoan Sam saw an opportunity and casually strolled past Konrad, focussing on the fiddly job at hand, and scooped up one of the refuse sacks; he walked off into the lamp-lit distance. Konrad eventually finished and stood, stepping on the end of the lace and undoing it again. He collected one of the rubbish bags and searched for the other; he blinked at the pavement several times before shrugging and hurrying to find more Tennessee whiskey.
‘Fancy a night-cap?’ Nick asked as the black cab arrived in Camden, his eye brows rising at the fare on the meter.
‘Okay, just one. The Red Lion’s close to mine; up here on the left’ Lucy said.
‘Just here please, mate.’ Nick instructed the driver.
As they entered the spacious pub, a pool table positioned in the middle like an isolated island, a solitary client was chatting to the overly made-up barmaid.
‘I’ll get these.’ Lucy offered and walked to the bar.
‘Fancy a game?’ Nick shouted, gesturing to the pool table.
‘Go on then.’
Nick racked up the faded balls inside an oversized triangle as Lucy arrived with two pints, ‘You know how to play?’ he asked.
‘Not since university but I’m sure it will come back.’
‘I better break then.’ he said taking a pleasing sip of gassy lager.
‘Oi! Hang on; it’s winner stays on.’ shouted the only customer in the bar.
‘You’re kidding? Nick called back.
The large, suited man of Maori-descent got up from the barstool and approached them, ‘No! You have to play me first. Winner stays on in this pub.’
‘We’re only here for one drink, I just want a quick game with my girlfriend.’ he protested.
‘Girlfriend?’ Lucy mouthed.
Nick glared at her, ‘Do you really want to go into what we are?’
‘Look, I don’t care who you are or what you do together – the rule in this pub is winner stays on.’ he said jutting his finger; his phone started to ring and he took it from his suit pocket; Josh Arnaud flashed on the screen, ‘You’re in luck, I gotta take this.’ and he left to go outside. Nick shrugged at Lucy then removed a warped cue from a crooked rack, rubbed it with the remaining morsels of crusty chalk and belted the loose cluster of balls, which moved across the sticky cloth like lawn bowls in a wet bog.
‘Bloody table!’
‘Girl’s blouse!’ Lucy snorted, nearly choking on her drink.
‘What do you mean you’ve got their rubbish bag? What use is that?’ Josh shouted down the phone as Samoan Sam stood outside The Red Lion, cowering like a child summoned to the headmaster’s office.
‘I thought we’d get some useful stuff from it; clues and information and that.’
‘This isn’t The Cold War you idiot! You can get the basics off the internet!’
‘It’s what they do in the films.’
‘Sam, stop winding me up!’
‘I’m more used to slapping people about, boss. I’ve never done this spy stuff before!’
Josh cursed under his breath and composed himself, ‘Right, what did you learn from the rubbish?’
‘That Nick is a fat short-arse with a drink problem.’
‘What? Nick isn’t short or fat.’
‘Well some bloke’s been up there knocking it back all afternoon – before doing the recycling of course.’
‘So Nick must have a flatmate. That’s good, that’s the kind of thing I want to know. I want all the names of his friends; where he goes, what he does, everything. Okay?’
‘Alright boss.’
‘Where’s the flatmate now?’
‘Went out for the night I think.’
‘And no one else is home?’
‘Nah, just him.’
‘Right, forget clumsy stakeouts and rummaging through bins, go back and get inside; send me photos of the place – and keep an eye out for anything interesting.’ Josh hung up and Sam placed the phone in his suit jacket as Nick and Lucy came out of the pub laughing.
‘I can’t believe you said that potting the black by accident means you win the game! What kind of idiot you take me for?’ she teased as Nick lit her cigarette then his own; they stopped short at the sight of Samoan Sam scowling at them. After an awkward silence the miffed Maori saw a passing cab and hailed it, lumbering across the road to get in; as he instructed the driver to go to Camden High Street a message from Josh came through:
Here’s a photo of Nick Green so you don’t confuse him with anymore fat drunks!
A suntanned headshot of Nick on a Spanish beach was attached. Sam stared in disbelief before looking across at him, still gawping from outside the pub.
‘Stay here a minute.’ he told the driver and waited for Nick and Lucy to turn away. They returned to their argument over pool etiquette and Sam lifted his phone to the window and took a photo. ‘Right, go!’ he said and the cab pulled away; driving down Camden Road he sent the image to Josh:
I’m looking at him right now! He’s at The Red Lion in Camden with this girl.
‘Lucy?’ Josh said surprised, face down on his lavish Emperor-sized bed as a leggy brunette massaged his oily shoulders.
‘Who’s Lucy?’
‘Oh, no one.’ he replied, throwing his phone onto the deep-pile carpet. ‘Just do my lumbar would you, Sofia.’
‘Sure.’ she answered.
Nick collected his phone from a sticky table and returned the pool cue to its rightful home on the wonky rack. ‘Right, I better be off.’ he said clapping his hands together.
‘Wait!’ Lucy said, surprising herself.
‘What?’
‘I dunno.’ she replied.
‘Okay! Well, it’s getting late…’
‘Nick?’
‘Yes?’
‘Stay with me tonight.’ she said softly. Nick looked at her, a dozen scenarios swimming around his mind. ‘Not in an intimate way.’ she clarified quickly, ‘In a… friendly kind of way.’
‘Like playmates?’
‘What’s that?’
‘Friends with benefits!’
‘No!’ she emphasised, glaring with as much meanness as she could muster, ‘I mean, like… snuggles and that.’
‘Snuggles?’
‘Yeh.’
‘But you said and that so do you mean snuggles and…?’
‘Just cuddles!’ she said sharply.
He eyed her suspiciously, ‘Just cuddles?’ She smiled and nodded. ‘Why not?’ and he wrapped his arms around her; she was taken aback but softened under his strong hold. ‘I could really use a hug too.’ he said candidly as their embrace drew a sweet sigh from the barmaid watching at the other end of the pub.
Konrad instinctively threw his arms around Samoan Sam’s midriff as he entered his apartment and found himself face to face with the large intruder. He grunted as he tried to tackle him to the floor but the surprised Maori stood strong, looking down at Konrad’s mousy scalp unsure what to do.
‘What are you doing in my home?’ Konrad screamed and released his hold, swinging the bag of shopping hard across Sam’s head; he fell to the floor, stunned. ‘Help! Call the police!’ Konrad shouted at anyone able to hear. Sam panicked and kicked-out a leg; his foot pushed Konrad back through the front door and sent him tumbling down the flight of stairs to ground level. Sam ran down to him, groaning at the bottom with his left arm bent out of shape.
‘Sorry mate, was an accident. I, er… I got the wrong apartment.’ he said yanking open the front door; as he left he popped his head round, ‘I’ll call yer an ambulance, looks like you busted your arm on the tumble down.’
Konrad let out a panged scream.
Nick slid under the soft bed covers wearing his boxer shorts as Lucy flicked off the light. She bounced into sleeping position, eagerly anticipating his warm body moving closer. In the near-dark he edged to her frozen frame – which melted under the comforting heat of contact; she threw her arms around him and lost herself in a bubble of bliss.
‘So what happens next?’ Nick asked after some time.
‘You keep things… flaccid… and we drift off to sleep.’
‘Right.’ he said, shifting his body awkwardly. ‘Only my skin’s getting quite hot – when can we break off?’
Lucy’s bubble promptly burst, she sat upright, ‘I can’t believe you just asked me that!’ Nick’s phone rang, interrupting the tension. ‘Leave it!’ she growled.
‘I don’t recognise the number.’ he said regarding the screen; the look in her eyes told him it was probably wise to cancel the call, ‘I suppose they’ll call back if…’ It rang again.
‘You better take it then!’ Lucy huffed, turning the light on and crossing her arms.
‘Hello? Yes, that’s me.’ His frown turned to shock, ‘Oh my god! Is he okay?’
Chapter 5
Meetups & Letdowns
It was a glorious Saturday afternoon as the gold-speckled sunlight shone down on the lawns of St. James’s Park. People happily basked in the surrounding energy, revitalising their weary bones; rigid from far too many damp days running the perpetual hamster-wheel of life. Lucy and Amanda arrived as Nick added the finishing touches to the large picnic rug and selection of fruits and treats laid beneath a plane tree by the lake.
‘Glass of wine?’ he called with a grin as the pair startled at the scene in front of them.
‘Nick! What have you done?’ Lucy gasped as a plastic cup of sparkling wine was thrust in her hand.
‘He’s trying to make amends, Luce.’ Konrad said appearing from behind a tree and fastening his fly with his right hand; his left arm sporting a cast covered in unsightly black squiggles, ‘You’ve made him go all gooey on us!’
‘Oh, shut up!’ Nick spat.
‘Have you just done a wee behind there?’ Lucy questioned as Konrad fiddled with his fly.
‘Of course! I’m a sentient being who lives at one with my natural environment.’
‘Did you explain that to the children playing by the lake as you exposed yourself?’ Amanda said scornfully.
Konrad was taken aback, ‘And you are?’
‘I’m Amanda, Lucy’s sister.’
‘Ah, of course. The lawyer. Here to tell me what I already know regarding my client’s case. Nice to meet you.’ and he outstretched his unhindered hand, finally free from the fiddlesome fly-fastening.
‘Do you mind if we shake once you’ve had an opportunity to wash that? Only I’m a sentient being who prefers to not have contact with pissy hands.’ she said coldly. Konrad withdrew it and wiped it on the back of his Bermuda shorts; Nick passed cups of overfilled bubbly wine to Konrad and Amanda. ‘Sorry to hear about the attack by the way.’ Amanda added, nodding to his arm cast.
‘What’s with all the black scribbles? Your cast looks like a chess board!’ Lucy said.
‘Him!’ he snarled gesturing to Nick; Lucy shrugged awaiting elaboration. ‘Every time I doze off he draws a cock and balls in permanent marker!’ Nick rolled around the rug in self-satisfied laughter, squashing a plate of sandwiches. ‘It isn’t funny; I’ve only had this a few days!’
‘I know! You’ve got five more weeks of this!’
‘Nicholas Green you’re a bigger tyrant than Joseph Stalin!’ he asserted dramatically; Nick tutted as he rearranged the sandwiches on the paper plate.
‘Why not paint over the genitalia with correction fluid or something white?’ Lucy suggested.
Nick tossed a sandwich quarter at her, ‘Oi! Don’t put ideas in his head!’
‘Do you mind if we get started? Only I have my own, more-pressing cases to prepare.’ Amanda interjected sternly.
‘Yes, of course, and we really appreciate your advice don’t we Kon?’
‘Actually I don’t think it’s needed but it’s what my client requested.’ he replied with an air of arrogance.
‘And you’re his paralegal?’ Amanda asked.
‘I prefer legal representative, but yes.’
‘With what experience?’
‘I’ve studied law and have experience in legal matters, albeit more in the environmental area. Given this background, and personal standing with the client in question, I’m perfectly equipped to act on his behalf and get an appropriately lenient sentence.’
‘Is that so?’
‘Absolutely. I know everything there is to know about the case.’
‘Then you know that unlicensed paralegals cannot represent anyone in court?’ she asked, anticipating Konrad’s response.
He blinked at her, his expression unwavering, ‘That I did not know.’
On a nearby bench, his back to the group, Samoan Sam sat sweltering in his black suit lapping an ice cream. Occasionally he turned to take photos of group members and try to make out snatches of conversation, albeit unsuccessfully due to the distraction of overzealous pigeons and screaming children.
‘Look, it doesn’t matter. I’ll represent myself on the day; you can advise me and help me prepare everything. Please, everyone sit down and tuck-in.’ Nick said impatiently, gesturing to his meticulously-prepared feast. The group took a seat on the rug.
‘So based on what Lucy has told me you did the right thing pleading guilty at the hearing.’ Amanda said.
Konrad smiled smugly, ‘Told yer!’
‘I understand they have footage and statements, although Lucy declined as technically she didn’t see anything.’ Nick and Lucy gave each other a warm smile. ‘I was curious why the prosecutor was so outspoken in her request to have your charge upgraded to with intent – certainly guaranteeing prison time – and although she failed she was successful getting the sentencing passed from magistrates’ to Crown Court. It was particularly unusual, and most out-of-character; I’ve known Harriet some time.’
‘So what does that mean?’ Nick asked.
‘Well, it’s your first offence and that will be taken into consideration, but it’s still a serious charge and the victim’s injuries were bad. The magistrates’ court can hand down custodial sentences up to six months but it’s not common for a guilty plea. However, she convinced them that your case is serious enough to warrant a stronger punishment than they can impose, and as a result the Crown Court can sentence up to five years for this offence. I’m afraid now it’s gone to them anything can happen.’
‘So why does the prosecutor have such a hard-on for my client?’ Konrad asked.
‘That I do not know.’ she replied, slightly repulsed by the forced mental image; Konrad scoffed and shook his head. ‘Oh, and Nick…’ Amanda said, turning to the worried-looking defendant, ‘I’d strongly recommend better representation.’
With the group chatting on the picnic rug Samoan Sam was able to get a photo of them together and turned to take a few snaps. He recognised Konrad and the redhead with Nick outside the pub but Amanda made him curious; not because she was new but because she looked familiar and he couldn’t remember why. He enlarged a photo of her on his smartphone and pondered but his recollection remained foggy. He looked up Josh’s name and tried calling but the number was engaged.
‘Thanks for the update, Harriet.’ Josh said smiling broadly; he was sat on the bed in an Armani suit loosening his royal blue tie, ‘I guess I owe you one!’ he joked, forcing a power-laugh down the line. ‘Oops, I’d forgotten about that. Okay I owe you two! But you were warned that would happen if you went out with an Arnaud!’ Harriet returned the power-laugh with vigour. ‘Excellent! I have full confidence you’ll be assigned a sympathetic judge for the sentencing next month.’ A leggy brunette breezed past the bed in an elegant red gown and entered the luxurious ensuite. ‘Yes, yes, absolutely. Keep me informed.’ Josh said as Sofia removed her earrings in front of the mirror. ‘Great work getting the case moved up. Give my love to Fifi.’ Josh hung up and kicked off his shoes.
‘Who was that, dear?’ Sofia asked, pulling at her eyes in the mirror.
‘Someone helping with the case against the scumbag who mugged me.’
‘That’s good. Any luck retrieving your rings and Rolex yet?’
‘Not yet but don’t worry, I’ve got a nice little claim in for that.’ he said smirking to himself.
‘Ooh, guess what else happened?’ her reflection asked the back of his head. ‘An old friend of mine was also mugged in Camden this week. Came home and found a burglar in his flat. Got pushed down the stairs and broke every bone in his body apparently.’
‘Really? That’s appalling.’
‘Camden’s getting worse, maybe I should think about selling my place and move in here, what do you think?’ her parallel image suggested none-too-subtly.
‘Er… do you mind if we talk about that later? Only I have to call an artist about an important expo next month – time difference to the States and all that.’ he said, covering the distress rising through his veins. His phone rang and Samoan Sam’s number came up. ‘Oh, this must be him now. I’m going to take it in the study.’ and he hastily left the room.
‘Impeccable timing, Sam! How can I help?’
‘Something interesting, boss. Nick’s with the redhead again.’
‘Lucy? Where?’
‘Having a picnic at St. James’s Park.’
‘Curious…’
‘They’re not on their own, his mate’s with them.’
‘The one you nearly killed?’
‘Yeh.’ he answered solemnly.
‘Well make sure they don’t recognise you!’
‘They won’t, don’t worry.’
‘Why am I not filled with confidence?’
‘They’re with someone else.’ he said ignoring the slight, ‘A woman. I know her from somewhere and it’s driving me nuts. I reckon they’re talking about the case.’
‘What are they saying?’
‘I dunno, I’m not on the rug with ‘em, boss, but it looks pretty obvious.’
‘Listen, find out who she is. I can’t have them learning the prosecutor’s a friend.’
‘No problem, anything else?’
‘Yes, I’m a bit worried about this thing with Nick and Lucy – she could make things messy for me. Very messy.’
‘What you want me to do?’
‘Have a strong word in her ear. Make sure she stays away from Nick.’
‘You’re going to Tenerife next weekend? But it’s my birthday.’ Nick complained, munching on the last fairy cake from the depleted picnic.
‘And it could be his last before prison!’ Konrad added unhelpfully, draining the remaining drops of gassy wine from his plastic cup. Nick cast him a dirty look.
‘I told you; it’s work. There’s nothing I can do.’ Lucy protested.
Nick tossed the stale half-eaten cake, eagerly devoured by a large assertive pigeon, ‘Oh, come on, it can’t be that big a deal. Tenerife’s hardly known for its festivals and live music culture. Elvis impersonators and tacky discos maybe!’
‘It’s not like that anymore, and of course it’s a big deal – I’m a promoter and this is one of the biggest summer festivals around. Corsica Coleman’s headlining this year, that’s great exposure for two indie bands I got on the bill.’
‘Corsica Coleman?’ Konrad dismissed, ‘The talentless celebrity? Performing live? Don’t make me laugh!’
‘I doubt anyone could!’ she fired back.
Nick looked disappointed, ‘And no one else can do it, Luce?’
‘Yes, if I want to lose my job!’ she said sharply.
‘Hey Nick, why don’t we go?’ Konrad suggested, ‘Go visit your dad?’
‘Your father lives in Tenerife?’ Lucy asked.
‘Yeh…’
‘You never told me that.’
Nick saw an escape route off topic, ‘Look, it doesn’t matter, I can’t leave the country. My sentencing is in a few weeks.’
‘You’re not Al Capone, Nick! Your can travel as long as you’re back for it.’
‘That’s right.’ Amanda confirmed.
‘So it be paaarty time!’ Konrad said in a Caribbean accent, drawing odd looks from the group. Lucy waved her hands at him.
‘Oh, no, no, no! Look guys, I don’t know what you think this is but I’m going over there for work not paaarty time – whatever the hell that is!’
‘We know! We’d just nip over for the weekend, say hello to Nick’s pappy, sink a few birthday bevvies then be back for work on Monday!’
‘As long as you understand that I’m travelling with the bands you two can do what you want!’ Lucy said firmly.
‘Yeh, I’ve heard that about you!’ Konrad joked.
Amanda’s face stiffened, ‘That’s my sister!’ she said, stabbing Konrad with eye-daggers; the group fell silent. After an uncomfortable delay Lucy placed her hand on Amanda’s knee.
‘Sorry, my older sibling can be a little overprotective.’ she said softly.
‘Yes, I apologise.’ Amanda replied with her head bowed; she took Lucy’s hand, ‘And I’m afraid we really have to be going.’
‘I know.’ Lucy said and the pair got to their feet. ‘Nick, let me know if you book something. I’m sure I could find time to have a birthday drink with you.’ He raised his plastic cup to her. ‘And thank you for the lovely picnic.’ she added with an impressed smile and Nick and Konrad watched them stroll through the busy park towards Buckingham Palace.
Konrad turned to Nick, ‘So?’
‘What?’ he replied, disinterested in Konrad’s leading question.
‘Tenerife! We going?’
‘I dunno.’
‘Well don’t sound too excited!’
‘It was somewhat dropped on me.’
‘But we’re going, yeh?’
Nick thought a moment, ‘If flights aren’t too expensive.’
‘Cool!’ Konrad said leaning back, ‘Just as long as that bloody sister doesn’t come, eh!’ Nick failed to laugh; he stared out to the far reaches of the park focussing on nothing in particular.
‘Kon, why did you have to mention my dad?’
‘Because he lives there!’
‘I know but that doesn’t mean I want to see him.’
‘Don’t you?’
Nick sighed, ‘You know things are weird.’
‘You haven’t spoken to him since your mum died. You can’t go over there and not visit him!’
‘Yes, I can.’
Konrad turned and flicked an offended hand in his friend’s direction, ‘Well I think that’s horribly snobby of you but do what you want – you always do!’ He noticed a large man in a black suit get up from a nearby bench and walk off in the same direction as Lucy and Amanda. ‘It can’t be…’ he said to himself, sizing the man.
‘What?’ Nick asked but Konrad was too distracted; he struggled to his feet, fixed on the man walking across the lawn towards the path. The large figure looked over his shoulder as he quickened step and Konrad caught a glimpse of his profile.
‘It’s him!’ Konrad screamed and without thought rushed after the man, his cumbersome cast hindering his stride.
‘Kon? What you doing?’
‘It’s the burglar! It’s the bloody burglar!’ he shouted over his shoulder, struggling to run in a straight line. ‘Hey! Hey you!’ he called to Samoan Sam, who turned to see Konrad hurtling towards him.
‘You’ve got to be kidding me!’ he said and decided it best to make a break; he turned and sprinted off.
‘Come here! Come back here you coward!’
As Konrad gave chase and the pair became small, distant figures zigzagging through the park, Nick sighed and gathered the picnic debris.
Slightly red-eyed, Nick was sitting with his back against his mother’s headstone drawing in a pad with his favourite Copic pen, ‘So after that night at hers it’s all gone a bit cold and weird.’ he said scribbling furiously, ‘She’s not interested in going out anymore and I don’t know what the next step is.’ He stopped and put the pen to his mouth, ‘Or whether we can even help each other; maybe we’ll end up doing more harm than good?’ he said absently scanning the cemetery perimeter; he lowered his head and continued drawing, ‘I do know I like being with her. We have a great laugh and I can tell her things that I can’t anyone else.’ He whispered to the stone, ‘Apart from you, of course!’ and gave the surface a soft kiss. ‘At least since I met her I’ve started to paint again so I suppose I should be grateful, right?’ He stopped sketching, ‘Anyway, enough about that. I actually came here to talk about Dad.’ he said with a spine-cracking neck roll, ‘I’ve decided I’m going to see him. Konrad’s coming with me to Tenerife and we’re going to look him up.’ He placed the drawing pad by the side of the grave and returned the pen to its set, sitting cross-legged to face the headstone. ‘I’m actually a bit worried though; you know we’ve never got on and it’s been a long time since we last spoke. I’m really not sure it’s a good idea to see him like that, I’m worried I’ll lose what little love I have for him.’
The thick layer of dark cloud, which had been preventing the chilly August afternoon from fulfilling its obligation to be summery, suddenly opened and sent down an unappreciated shower on the townsfolk below. In the cemetery, visitors fastened their jackets and made haste for exits and awaiting cover of somewhere roofed or hooded. As they ran like constipated chickens, trying to protect shoes and clothing from rain splatter, Nick noticed Lucy hurrying down the path, fumbling with a bright yellow umbrella.
‘Luce!’ he called out. She saw him and ventured over, raising the parasol as she sidled up.
‘Hey!’
‘Just finished work?’
‘I wish! I’m only going home to change; the bands are playing a warm-up gig in Shepherd’s Bush tonight so I have to go.’
‘Wow, long day!’
‘Yeh.’ she said, looking into his eyes as they illumed under the brightly-coloured umbrella.
‘You want me to come? Maybe after we could go out and…’
‘It’s work, Nick, sorry I can’t.’ she interrupted bluntly. ‘I see you’re visiting again.’ she said gesturing to the grave and changing the subject.
‘We’ve just been talking about you actually, and whether we’re ever gonna go out again.’
Lucy squirmed, searching for a new change of topic, ‘Ooh, so I hear you and Konrad have booked for Tenerife! Excited?’ she asked, falsely enthused.
‘Yeh, should be a good weekend.’
‘Celebrate your birthday in style!’ she gushed.
‘Something like that.’
‘And visit your dad?’
‘Maybe.’
‘You’ve never mentioned him.’ she said, aware of his hesitancy.
‘It’s complicated.’
‘Well… it’s raining, wanna go somewhere for a coffee and chat?’
Nick looked across at his mother’s gravestone, ‘Yes, I think that’d be nice.’
Chapter 6
Coffee & Complications
HAIR: Long, dark and straight – Likeness Match: 7/10
FACE: Nice eyes, long-nosed – Likeness Match: 7/10
HEIGHT: About right – Likeness Match: 9/10
BOOBS: Flat! – Likeness Match: 6/10
ARSE: Sweeeeet! – Likeness Match: 10/10
LEGS: Knees slightly bruised, like the implication! – Likeness Match: 9/10
SCENT: Cheap! – Likeness Match: 6/10
OVERALL: Decent option. Try a few more drinks…
Nick grinned wildly at the brunette preparing cappuccinos behind the counter of the small Camden coffeehouse; mustering as much pheromone as possible and sending a hefty dose her way. She sensed his intensity and sized him up, smiling sweetly as she handed him his change.
‘Not bad… not bad at all.’ he boasted to Lucy, stood at his side watching him with contempt. ‘Seat?’ he suggested and took the coffees from the counter, giving the barista his best wink-smile combo. He chose a nearby table and sat on the opposite side, facing the half-decent replica currently eyeing him as she needlessly unravelled coins and filled the already full till.
‘Focus, Nick!’ Lucy barked at her distracted companion.
‘Sorry, what?’ he said sarcastically, over-emphasising eye contact.
‘We came here to talk, didn’t we?’
‘Yes, and we are!’
‘Not if your attention’s on that girl’s arse!’
‘Fair enough.’ he acquiesced, ‘It’s just been a while since I got a fix…’
‘Does she even look like Sofia?’
Nick took out his wallet and handed Lucy a small passport photo, ‘You’ve never seen a picture of her have you?’
Lucy regarded the image, ‘This isn’t a photo… have you drawn this?’
‘I used to keep a passport pic in my wallet but it didn’t capture her right so I illustrated one – it has a much better energy, don’t you think?’
‘Suppose so; of course she looks very beautiful.’
‘I know.’ he said taking the picture and looking at it longingly.
‘The girl serving doesn’t really look like her.’ she stated smugly.
‘She’s halfway there; the rest is down to squinting!’
‘Yew!’
Nick laughed and settled into his chair. He glowed as he watched Lucy sip her cappuccino and meticulously blot leftover froth from her lip with a handkerchief she’d plucked from her handbag. He scanned her chest and neckline, ‘I feel like a rhino at a strip club.’ he sighed.
Lucy lowered her handkerchief, ‘Pardon?’
‘Horny!’ he said with raised eyebrows. Lucy’s expression barely broke as she involuntarily released frisky pheromones of her own while pretending to disapprove. He leaned forwards and placed his hand on top of hers, ‘So, weekend in Tenerife eh?’ he said believing his genuine excitement was because of the indulgent trip, failing to realise it was actually inspired by the here and now and person he was with.
‘I know!’ she leaned closer to share in his moment, ‘So your dad lives out there?’ Nick prickled and slowly released his hand from Lucy’s. ‘How did that come about? Did he decide to retire to a cosy villa in the sun?’
‘Not exactly.’ he answered, sitting back and crossing his arms. He threw a sullen look at the blushing barista, who turned after an intense few seconds of eye contact which to her felt like a naughty mini-eternity.
‘Well come on, who is he?’ Lucy pressed.
‘Lucy.’ he said seriously and retook her hand, ‘When are we going out again? You know, share in our common interest?’
‘Common interest?’ she parroted, a large crease between her eyes rising like a thermometer.
‘Yeh, you know? Helping each other find… fixes.’
‘Are you kidding? Is that really our common interest?’
‘It is what it is.’ he said arrogantly, ‘After all it’s the bloody basis of our relationship!’
‘Then that shows how screwed up our relationship is!’ she spat, rising to her feet and putting the strap of her bag over her shoulder. ‘Silly me! I forgot we’re not supposed to be normal and have normal conversations like normal bloody people!’
‘Lucy…’
Agitated, she started to collect her belongings from the table, ‘Oh no, we have to relive the past and play depraved games!’ she yelled, placing the salt and pepper pots in her bag and lifting them out again. The dark-haired barista looked away embarrassed and pretended to clean the coffee machine.
‘Lucy, please.’ he hushed, pleading with his eyes.
‘Konrad’s right, you are just chasing memories!’ and she turned to leave.
‘Oh, really! And so are you!’ he shouted as she powered through the coffeehouse.
‘Not anymore!’ she called back, nearly snagging herself on the corner of a jutting table but impressively turning her misstep into a short-cut for the door with a defiant spin of her heels. Nick stirred, ‘Lucy! Wait!’ and as she yanked the door open he got to his feet and held out his hands, ‘I haven’t spoken to my dad in three years.’ Lucy paused, caught between the café and the street – rejoining the friend who had just insulted her or going home for a rest before work. Nick could feel her edging away so played the ace up his sleeve, ‘And he lives in a cave.’ he said, dramatically throwing his hands in the air and slumping into the chair. Lucy’s interest was piqued; her eyes lit like candles and the tiniest of smiles flashed across her lips. She carefully closed the door and decided to rejoin her offensive friend; fighting her curiosity she calmly sat and looked at Nick’s low gaze and defeated demeanour.
‘A cave? Go on…’
Nick, still looking at his shoes, thought for a moment then raised his head and resignedly opened up, ‘My parents were hippies.’
‘Okay.’ she said taking his hand.
‘Like… proper out there!’
‘With you so far.’ she said reassuringly. Nick looked away feeling uncomfortable; he turned back with an anxious smile.
‘God, this is very confessional, it feels like an intervention or something!’ He raised his hand as if swearing an oath and addressed the space behind Lucy like it was an assembly, ‘Hello, my name is Nick Green and I’m a recovering hippie…’
Lucy smiled weakly, ‘Don’t worry; it’s good to talk about things.’ She rubbed the top of his hand.
‘I know. And I want us to be normal; have normal conversations!’
‘And we will one day, now continue telling me about your hippie dad that lives in a cave…’
Nick laughed and a weight of reluctance left his body; he knew he had a sympathetic ear.
Samoan Sam sipped his espresso as he waited outside Josh’s office, regarding a group of workers in black overalls reorganising the spacious gallery. He sighed as the rich coffee revitalised his bulky frame and tenderly raised his little finger as he brought the cup to his lips for another satisfying slurp.
‘Get in here.’ called a gruff voice from behind the door. Sam set the cup down and entered the office. ‘What you got for me?’ Josh asked impatiently as he signed papers at his large L-shaped desk.
‘Nothing new, boss. I’ve had to lie low a while.’
‘What?’
‘I think I may have been seen.’ he said recalling the public spectacle in the park and having to flee from a chubby one-armed man.
‘So you haven’t had a word with Lucy?’
‘Not yet, boss.’
‘Jesus, Sam, I need her out of the picture. Her involvement makes me very edgy – and I don’t like being edgy!’ he said, getting to his feet.
‘I understand.’
‘And you’ve got nothing new on Nick?’ he asked as he walked towards the drinks counter.
‘No.’
‘So why the wasted visited? I’m extremely busy, Sam.’
‘I remembered who that woman was at the park.’
‘Who?’ he asked pouring a large cognac.
‘Her name’s Amanda, she was the big-shot lawyer who sent my brother Mickey down.’ he answered bitterly.
‘What for?’
‘Twelve counts of fraud and embezzlement.’
‘Wait! Your brother’s Maori Mickey?’
‘Yeh.’
‘But you’re Samoan?’
‘Boss, we’ve been over this…’
‘Oh well, potato-patato, you all look the same anyway!’ he said with a dark grin.
Samoan Sam cringed and clenched his fist as the mental image of smashing Josh across the room entered his Polynesian psyche. He breathed deeply and returned to the topic at hand, ‘I’d love the chance to get that bitch back!’
‘No way! Too risky.’
‘There’s something else.’
‘What?’
‘Her surname’s Caulston.’
‘So?’
‘The same as Lucy’s!’
‘Really?’ he said as the colour drained from his face.
‘And seeing as they were with Nick at the park, and that they look quite similar– although all you Europeans do to me – I think it’s fair to say they’re sisters.’
‘And for some reason they’ve jumped to Nick’s defence…’ Josh said pacing the office. ‘This makes things very complicated.’
‘What can they really do, boss? Nick’s already pleaded guilty, they can’t…’
‘This is bigger than just Nick!’ Josh interrupted, ‘Lucy has something on me that Sofia must never find out, and her sister – if she’s who you say – may take an unwelcome interest in this case and dig up things I’d rather leave hidden! Sam, the need to get them out of the picture is paramount, do you understand?’
‘Yes, boss.’
‘Can I rely on you to warn them off… discreetly?’
Sam smiled, ‘I think so.’
Josh’s eyes widened, ‘You think?’
‘Of course, boss, of course.’ he said and exited the office; Josh returned to his desk and slumped in his chair, resting his head in his sweaty palms.
‘Where to start? Well, my parent’s methods were… different.’ Nick said.
‘Yeh I got that!’
‘Oh, you have no idea.’
‘Try me!’
‘Growing up I didn’t have one father, I had three.’
‘Three?’
‘Now you’re intrigued, right?’ Lucy sat with her mouth open, edging forwards. ‘My Earth-father was my biological dad – the one in Tenerife. My Spiritual-father was just some pagan priest or other who thought he had a direct-line to the source of all energy and tried to open my channels. My Fire-father was… well, pretty cool actually! He was like a life coach, he encouraged my passions and allowed me to grow doing things I wanted. It was basically like spending time with the softest parent in the world!’
‘It explains a lot!’ she joked. Nick flinched at the jibe and appreciating the sensitivity of the subject she decided to backtrack, ‘And your mother?’
‘My mum was my mum.’ he said, dreamily looking to the distance. ‘She home-schooled me and gave complete love every second of the day. An incredible woman – and until Sofia I’d never met anyone like her.’
‘And she and your three dads were…’
‘What?’
‘Lovers?’ she asked awkwardly.
‘It was a commune, Lucy.’
‘I don’t know what that means.’
Nick faltered, uncomfortable with the question, ‘I… I don’t kn…’ he looked at her resolutely, ‘Probably.’
‘Jesus! I knew you were screwed up but this is…’ she stopped short. ‘Sorry.’
‘That’s okay. I moved away from all that when I was eleven. I was always running away and my mum could see I was rejecting it more and more. After I burned down the commune temple and made my spiritual-dad have a mental breakdown she moved us to my nan’s house outside Cambridge. I joined the same school as Konrad and, from then at least, had a relatively normal upbringing!’
‘Relatively normal?’ she echoed, laughing to herself. ‘So how did you end up in London?’
‘Kon and I started living together when we went to university. We have ever since.’
‘Cool!’ she said, impressed with his unusual life tale. ‘But you said you aren’t talking to your dad – is that just your Earth-father or all three?’
‘You trying to wind me up?’
‘No, no! Genuine question.’
‘My real dad. I never saw the other two after we moved away.’
‘So why don’t you speak to him anymore?’
‘The minute my mum died he went to Tenerife with another woman. A hippie called Astral – which is actually her real name; believe that if you will!’
‘This is amazing.’ Lucy drooled, her chin resting on the back of her hands devouring his every word.
‘He was always resentful about having to rejoin society for my sake. My mum, to her credit, tried to be as conventional as possible but he was unbearable. It was one of the main reasons I moved out at sixteen.’
‘Was he violent?’
‘No, nothing like that, he was just an utter dick!’ Nick started to laugh, ‘He even changed his name to Ilove.’
‘Ilove?’
‘Yeh. Ilove Green – it was a cannabis statement!’
‘Oh.’ Lucy said disappointedly.
‘I know! He used it as an ice-breaker to get women too. He’d change his surname so he’d be Ilove Head or Ilove Bottom, something like that – all very degrading!’
‘What was his real name?’
‘Norman.’ he answered, Lucy’s eyebrows nearly hit the ceiling. ‘I know! And just one letter away from normal! Ironic, isn’t it?’
The pair absently sipped their cappuccinos and reflected a moment. All previous tension was decimated when they spontaneously burst into a fit of laughter. Nick sprayed coffee from his nose onto the table and neither was entirely certain why the other was sniggering so hard but it didn’t seem to matter – it was most fitting considering the absurdity of the topic. After a while Lucy composed herself.
‘So your pot-loving, hippie father – one of three – changed his name to Ilove as a cool way of meeting women and endorsing marijuana, and he now lives in a cave in Tenerife with Astrid?’ she summarised, dabbing her tear-filled eyes.
‘Basically!’ he replied, also sobbing from the euphoric release.
‘God, that’s funny.’ she said looking away. ‘Incredible story, Nick; I have to give it you!’
‘I’m glad my family tree’s so amusing!’
‘A cave though? How does that even work?’
‘Around this protected reserve there’s a network of natural caves; it’s home to a small community of bohemians and the like and they set up home there. They probably busk outside bars, fish and scrounge for food and live outside the system. I suppose they’re happy like that.’
‘I can see why you’ve been reluctant to visit him.’ she said, shaking her head. ‘Although you know you really should, don’t you?’
‘Yes, I know.’ he said turning his gaze to the brunette barista who’d been staring at him during the whole conversation. Lucy drained the remaining dregs of cappuccino and got to her feet.
‘I better get ready for tonight; do you wanna come back and chill at mine?’
Nick sat upright, ‘Go with you?’
‘Yeh, you still want to go to the gig? Maybe after we could go out somewhere, you know?’
Nick checked the beaming barista as she twirled the ends of her hair, ‘You know what? I think I’m just gonna stay here.’ he said, staring at the brunette as Van Morrison’s Brown Eyed Girl played softly around the café. Lucy’s shoulders slumped, the crease on her forehead returning with verve; she tried to offer a casual reply but his rejection twisted her insides. Without word she grabbed her bag and walked out – uninterrupted this time. Nick approached the girl, who quivered with every step until his looming presence was upon her like a shrouding shadow, ‘You seem like a beautiful, intelligent woman, do you wanna hear a D. H. Lawrence poem I adore so much?’
Chapter 7
Flight & Fancy
As Nick said a long goodbye to the coffeehouse barista at the front door, his dressing gown opened and he gave an unwelcome eyeful to the elderly neighbour making her way up the stairs; she held her gaze a little longer than necessary before tutting her disapproval and ambling to the next floor.
‘Call me!’ the barista said, mimicking a phone with her fingers as if the simple request needed visual clarification, and merrily skipped down the stairs to join the string of pedestrians busying along Camden High Street.
‘You’re worse than Benito Mussolini, Nicholas!’ Konrad screamed from the sofa the moment Nick closed the front door, ‘Abusing people for your own selfish gain!’
‘Mussolini? Really?’ he replied, outstretching his arms to enjoy a hearty yawn.
‘Sort your dressing gown out – I’ve just had breakfast!’ Konrad said, needlessly visualising the wardrobe malfunction with erratic finger gestures. Nick joined Konrad on the sofa and gave him an emphatic slap on the thigh, further angering his already-tetchy roommate. ‘Nicholas, I swear…’
‘Still on Nicholas are we? Calm down, Kon!’
‘I’m not in the mood.’ he warned.
Nick bounced happily in his seat, ‘Well she was a little firework!’
‘So I heard through the wall.’ Konrad replied dryly. Nick tickled his ribs, forcing him to jump from the sofa. ‘Don’t make me nipple-twist you again, because I bloody will!’
‘I had an amazing night.’ he continued through his dreamy gaze.
‘Riding high are yer?’ Konrad said dully as he straightened his pyjama top.
‘God, she reminded me of Sofia.’ he said with a grin, ‘Not so much in looks but in bed with the lights off… I’ve just had 12 hours back with my babe!’
Konrad’s face screwed like a baby sucking a lemon, ‘Just listen to yourself! This isn’t real, Nick!’ he shouted at his nonplussed friend on the sofa, still high on happiness. This irritated him further so he stood in front of Nick, leaning forwards like a darts player at the oche, and took aim with a firm pointed finger, ‘What’s real is The Italian Witch is going out with the gallery owner you smashed up and you could go to prison as a result!’ he said, jutting his finger as if throwing darts at a board and popping the feelgood bubble Nick was revelling in. He rebalanced his weight and raised his finger in preparation for the next go, ‘That woman is toxic in you now! She left and you turned whatever feelings you had into a poison which is slowly destroying your life!’ Nick’s expression stiffened as Konrad realigned his stance and again took aim, ‘And you’re barely working! It’s funny, you’re so ashamed of your dad but don’t realise that if you carry on like this you’re also going to end up living in a cave – and it won’t be through choice!’ Sensing his point was well made Konrad left with a perfect score of 180, appropriately slamming the bedroom door upon his victorious entrance.
Amanda passed Lucy a plate of toast and tightened the belt around her slacking dressing gown. Lucy’s glum demeanour failed to acknowledge her and Amanda scowled at the back of her head as she devoured breakfast without word.
‘More tea?’ she asked, probing for interaction; Lucy slid her cup to the edge of the table to signal acceptance. ‘Something wrong?’
‘I’m fine.’ Lucy shot back. Amanda resisted the temptation to dispute the dubious assessment and refilled the kettle as Lucy continued eating in icy silence.
‘How did it go at the gig last night?’ she offered as a palatable titbit of conversation.
‘Fine.’
Amanda was annoyed; her mouth tightened and nostrils flared. Many years as a barrister had taught her to conceal her emotions, but feeling frustration at being intentionally ignored was one she’d failed to eradicate; the tension smothered her patience, ‘Oh, stop fobbing me off with fine! I’m not a bloody boyfriend, I’m your sister and I understand the use of fine in that tone!’
‘True.’ Lucy conceded, ‘Sorry.’
‘So what it is?’
‘Not right now, please. I don’t really know myself.’
‘Well, whenever you want to talk…’
‘Thanks.’ Lucy said and finished her toast.
Amanda returned to tea-making duties but was again unable to complete the simple task, turning to Lucy for one last stab, ‘So that’s it? You’re just going to leave me hanging?’
‘Amanda!’
‘Is it Nick?’
‘What?’
‘You’ve been spending a lot of time together recently and I noticed…’ Amanda paused.
‘Noticed what?’
‘Nothing.’
‘No! What have you noticed?’
Amanda considered withholding her observation but chose to cough it out like unwanted phlegm, ‘I’ve noticed there haven’t been any Christopher lookalikes round here lately.’ she said scanning Lucy’s face for reaction.
She remained still as her cheeks reddened and she shrivelled in her chair, ‘Yeh… I’m aware too.’
‘That’s a good thing isn’t it?’
‘I suppose.’
‘So what’s going on with Nick?’ she asked, a little too bluntly for Lucy.
‘Nothing! Can we please stop talking about him!’
‘Fine!’ Amanda said firmly, turning to the tea again. ‘Fine!’
‘Fine!’ Lucy huffed, angrily wrapping her dressing gown tight round her body. A frosty silence enveloped the room, everything trembled on tenterhooks.
Not content that the matter was over, Amanda thought she’d cut the atmosphere with a nerve-splintering chainsaw, ‘I will just say…’ she began with full intent, ‘I’m glad you’re finally moving on, but falling for a man without an emotional marble in his head…’ she paused for effect while Lucy’s mouth lowered like a drawbridge, ‘…with the serious issues that he has…’ she added an octave higher, ‘…would be the most disastrous thing you could do right now!’ Amanda felt better; she blew out a glorious weight-lifting sigh – a sigh similar in magnitude to the Great Royal Sigh exhaled by Elizabeth I after the Spanish Armada came a cropper. For Lucy the words were heard but not absorbed, which was sufficient for her pride to raise the drawbridge, light up the moat and call for archers. Red mist rose behind her eyes; all she felt was pure dislike for her sister and communication had to be broken with immediate effect; she was going to give the most hurtful look she could muster then storm out. Lucy’s assembled archers fired out of her hateful glare into Amanda’s uncertain expression until every arrow was spent; she then marched to her room, slamming the door upon her bed-flopping entrance.
Like strangers in transit, Nick and Konrad were internally occupied and sat in stony silence as the train pulled into Gatwick Airport station on a sunny Friday morning. Zombie-eyed, they collected their weekend bags and moped to the platform alongside hordes of smiling travellers, jaunty in anticipation of their far-flung holidays.
Lucy gazed out of the passenger window as Amanda pulled her Audi SUV into Gatwick Airport’s drop off point. She quickly got out, laboriously lifted her heaving suitcase from the back and dragged it over to a waiting group of musicians without word of thanks to her sister. Amanda shook her head as she peered through impressively-narrowed eyes at Lucy, intentionally standing with her back to the car. She wheel-span away in sibling-induced fury – something she’d soon regret as she immediately ground to a halt behind traffic at the nearby roundabout.
Seated together on the plane, Nick and Konrad continued to ignore each other – much to the pleasure of the young man asleep against the window. Sat in the middle, Konrad sank mini-bottles of red wine with his earphones plugged-in while Nick contentedly drew in his sketchpad. At one point they accidentally brushed elbows, causing great displeasure, but they simply twisted their bodies to affirm their continued dislike for each other.
Occupying the first two seats on a separate flight to Tenerife, a band manager chatted enthusiastically with a bearded roadie about a dramatic lighting sequence he’d envisaged the previous night on a bellyful of tequila and pain-killers. Next to them, lost in another dimension somewhere among the fleecy clouds, Lucy gazed out the window at the brilliant sun-flared blues and whites – oblivious to the conversations and decisions being made by colleagues around her.
Nick calmly sketched in his pad while Konrad fidgeted in his seat, trying to sleep against the headrest. He soon gave up and grabbed the in-flight magazine, Supercelestial, from the seat pocket. The celebrity queen of the day, Corsica Coleman, was splashed across the front cover – plugging her position as judge on a hit British talent show as well as her headlining appearance at the Tenerife Summer Festival. Konrad tutted to himself for so long that it began to sound like a drum roll.
‘Look at this!’ he said with disgust, ‘Another uncreative corporate Barbie headlining a rock festival! What’s the world coming to eh?’ he said loudly, forgetting he was supposed to be ignoring his travel companion. He sat upright and engrossed himself in the article pretending he hadn’t just broken the silent treatment he’d personally prescribed; Nick, of course, heard every word but was pleased he didn’t have to acknowledge it with a reply that’d only prolong the moan.
Konrad read on, ashamed to find himself drawn into the rags-to-riches story of the blonde beauty from Birmingham who was chosen above thousands to lead the manufactured girl-band, Zesty! He hated himself for being interested in how she’d overcome her obese, nerdy childhood and blossomed into a competition-winning stunner who had four consecutive number ones with the group before going on to judge the popular talent show, The Future? He physically pinched himself for reading the trivial section on her personal life and how she’d recently separated from fellow celebrity, Jo-E Williams, and sought help for cocaine addiction, recently leaving rehab a brand new person. Konrad stuffed the magazine back in the seat pocket after learning that an autobiography was due out for Christmas. He rocked angrily in his chair, frustrated at not being able to vent. The man by the window suddenly woke, fluttering his eyelids as he gathered his bearings following a satisfying slobbery doze. He wiped his mouth with the sweatshirt he’d used as a makeshift pillow and Konrad was on him like a shot; he took out the magazine and thrust it under the man’s face, pointing at the photo of Corsica Coleman leaving rehab wearing a stunning dress and radiant smile, ‘Look at this!’ he whined, ‘Another uncreative corporate Barbie headlining a rock festival! What’s the world coming to eh?’
Lucy was enthralled in the same article, admiring the photo of Corsica’s love-rat boyfriend, Jo-E Williams. He looked a lot like Nick, she thought, and weighed up the comparisons; she concluded that Nick was probably more attractive as Jo-E appeared a little too prim and metrosexual. She soon snapped out of her daydream and internally berated herself for such insanely girlish thoughts.
Stretched out on their beds in the simple whitewashed room of Hotel las Arenas, a three-star hotel overlooking the main beach and boulevard of El Médano – a small resort in the south of Tenerife – Nick and Konrad stared at the ceiling in silence as sunlight poured through the balcony doors. When Konrad burst into rage at a particularly persistent fly Nick decided to go on the balcony, leaving his friend to fence his winged foe with a rolled-up copy of The Guardian. Nick looked down at the plaza and main section of bars and restaurants. Already a small group of neo-hippies had congregated along the beach wall, mingling with tourists and locals. They were selling handmade trinkets and artisan jewellery; some were playing guitars and bongos, trying to make enough money for food and wares. His father wasn’t there though. Nick looked at the string of bays that ran the length of town, concluding at the foot of the imposing Montaña Roja and surrounding reserve. Somewhere around there, after the final row of bars and windsurf centres, lived his dad; he was probably there now, washing clothes in the sea or preparing an early evening fire. Nick planned to visit him after the festival but didn’t fancy staying in the room to be ignored by Konrad, so he grabbed his belongings and headed out for a stroll. Konrad only realised he’d left after the door slammed, pausing from his fly-ruckus to reflect on the ridiculous situation they found themselves in. They were on a weekend break in Spain to celebrate Nick’s birthday, Konrad was supposed to support him make contact with the father he hadn’t spoken to in years, yet here they were childishly ignoring each other. As he reflected, the fly attempted an audacious attack on the inside of his right ear, coming in fast and low for maximum irritability. It felt it had the better of Konrad as it neared, commencing its noisy fly-by upon arrival at the auditory canal, but was sent tumbling by a rolled-up newspaper and the instincts of man who needed to finish his train of thought without interruption. Unaware of his Jedi-like disposal of the irksome insect, Konrad grabbed the room key and went to find Nick.
Lucy was also feeling antisocial as she unpacked in her upmarket hotel room while band members frolicked loudly next door. The sun was setting on a pensive day of low energy and she went to the balcony overlooking the sprawling Costa Adeje to enjoy the vibrant natural display painted across the sky. Lucy’s knots eased as the sea breeze caught her breath. Her hair blew softly as she gazed at the tiny lights sparkling up along the coastline and she smiled for the first time that day. Darkness began to descend over the colourful remnants of an indifferent period and Lucy breathed a sigh of relief. She dashed inside, snatched the key off the bed and went to enjoy a stroll in the balmy night air. In the lift on the way down she took out her phone and sent a single-worded message to Amanda. It simply said, ‘Sorry.’
Although Nick was in a bar twenty metres from the hotel chatting to a group of dark Canarian girls in broken English, Konrad failed to find him – mainly because he didn’t make it out of the hotel. Instead he found himself mesmerised by the receptionist as he skipped down the steps into the small foyer. She consumed his attention and all thoughts of patching things up with Nick evaporated with every facial expression as she pleasantly dealt with guests at the front desk. He watched her for an uneasy amount of time, his head tilted like a mentally-challenged poodle. It was incredible; she was exactly like Penny Albright. He’d never encountered a strong association between his ex and someone else before. She was utterly lovely to him; for the first time in years Konrad was spellbound, his legs lost all stability and he felt as dizzy as a stoned squirrel. He gathered himself when the guests left reception and the Penny-lookalike returned to her typing; he had to speak to her but what would he say? He searched his mind for a tourist-related question to break the ice, something related to excursions or local events. If she was friendly enough maybe he could swing the conversation round to the festival and subtly introduce a social element. As he approached the desk he decided on boat trips, he was going to ask about whale and dolphin tours and slowly build-up the conversation to extract basic information and deduce interest.
‘Wanna go to the festival with me tomorrow?’ he blurted out instead, wearing the same gormless poodle expression as when he first saw her. She looked up from her keyboard and made eye-contact – Konrad’s pulse quickened double-time. Expressionless, the girl held her gaze, sizing him up and testing his nerve. He had to bashfully look away several times but always returned to meet her eyes, which she liked. He was nice, she decided. He wasn’t exactly James Dean – not by a longshot – but he seemed sweet and had an intense energy that she found interesting.
‘I’m already going.’ she said sharply with an East European accent.
‘Oh.’ he replied, sensing disinterest.
‘Saturdays are my day off.’ she said and returned to her computer. Konrad delayed, unsure how to take the remark. He concluded that both her comments, although vague, were a rejection and lightly tapped the desk with his fingertips and turned to leave. ‘Although I finish in an hour if you fancy a drink and discuss going together?’
The words took a moment to sink in but when they did Konrad wore a smile only seen on dancers in cabaret spectaculars; he leaned over the desk, ‘Then I’ll see you in one hour!’ and he shot upstairs to shower and spruce. He sent Nick a message on the way to his room:
You won’t believe it – I just pulled! Going for a drink. Sorry about before.
Lucy also failed to leave her hotel. She got as far as the reception bar where a smart Spanish barman with spectacles and a side-parting served her daiquiris until the early hours of the morning.
Act II
Chapter 8
Rock & Rot
Nick arrived at the restaurant table sporting a jaunty expression and over-heaped plate of oddly-matched breakfast types.
‘Gotta love a good buffet!’ he said as he sat opposite Konrad, wearing dark sunglasses and pushing a few pieces of fruit around his plate. ‘What’s up with you? I thought you went out with a girl last night?’
‘I did’
‘So what happened? She discovered you’re a one-armed cretin and went home?’ he teased. Konrad signalled to a passing waitress who rushed over with a steaming coffee pot.
‘Black.’ he croaked at her.
‘So?’ Nick pressed as the waitress left to serve the next delicate man wearing sunglasses at a nearby table.
‘Er… not sure.’
‘Why? She rough?’
‘No!’
‘So what’s the problem? Did you get to…?’
‘Oh for god’s sake, Nick!’
‘What?’
‘It’s nothing to do with her appearance; she’s one of the most beautiful women I’ve ever seen. It’s more…’
‘Yeh?’
‘Everything else!’ he said wearing a disappointed expression; Nick looked at him confused. ‘I suppose it’s everything she says, her general attitude, her every thought and opinion – she’s just the most appalling person!’
‘Oh.’ Nick offered as consolation.
‘Problem is she’s so damn attractive. I’ve been up all night trying to rationalise my feelings. I don’t know what to do.’
‘Are you sure it’s not just you being you!’
‘Nick, she insulted a disabled boy near our table and continually made offensive remarks about anyone fatter or darker than she is!’
‘I see, well to you she must seem like the devil!’
‘Exactly! This is my dilemma – she’s one sexy Satan.’
‘Okay, gather round everyone.’ Lucy said to a group of musicians and crew members gathered on the pitch inside the stadium of Playa de las Américas. ‘Soundcheck is about to start so I won’t keep you long. There’s been a small line-up change so I have confirmation of your performance times here; as before Loaded come on at 5pm, but afterwards is a recently-added Jamaican band which means Sacred Simplicity do their set at seven instead of six, Okay guys?’
‘Suppose so.’ said the singer in a gruff northern accent.
‘It’s a much better slot. The stadium should be more or less full by then so be sure to give it your coolest!’ she enthused naively. The frontman scoffed and whispered something derogatory to the drummer.
Loaded’s band manager stepped forward with his arm wrapped around their guitarist’s shoulders, ‘If we give it our coolest can we get a better slot?’ he said sarcastically.
Lucy ruffled as the group laughed and dug deep, ‘This is the organiser’s confirmed line-up and is final, any further questions?’
‘What time’s the bubblegum-queen on?’ asked the manager.
‘The headline act will be performing around midnight.’
‘And she’s obviously too important to soundcheck with everyone else?’ sneered Loaded’s guitarist.
‘She doesn’t need to, she’ll be miming to a backing track.’ joked the manager.
‘Do the sound guys know to turn off the mics and put her CD on?’ yelled a hairy man at the back unknown to everyone else, presumably tagging along out of confused curiosity. They collectively turned and acknowledged him with a polite nod.
‘Seeing as this place will be rammed later and that the event’s getting tremendous exposure as a direct result of Corsica Coleman’s attachment, I’d quit complaining if I was you!’ Lucy said angrily. ‘Now make sure you’re all here at least one hour before you go onstage.’ Her phone beeped with a message from Nick as the group splintered into their preferred cliques. ‘And don’t get wrecked from now till then!’ she shouted as she opened the message:
What time and where we meeting later?
Lucy smiled to herself; she already picked out the perfect meetup point when she arrived. She typed back:
Meet at the enormous lookalike… 4pm!
Lucy’s message was made evidently clear when the gleaming taxi pulled up outside the small stadium’s entrance, dominated by a white statue of the eponym, Antonio Domínguez Alfonso – a smart, bespectacled man with a pristine side-parting. Nick grinned and paid the fare as Konrad got out looking concerned.
‘Lucy’s meeting us over by the statue.’ Nick said, ‘And stop looking so worried, Little Miss Lucifer’s not getting here till later!’
‘I know but I’ve never been so conflicted. I’m dreading seeing her!’ Konrad said as he dabbed his already perspiring forehead; the afternoon sun beat down mercilessly, ensuring perfect conditions for revellers who like hot, sweaty festivals crammed to the rafters. The pair carefully crossed the road – trying to avoid reckless taxis and local drivers hurtling along the opposite side to their familiar streets in Camden – and saw Lucy emerge from inside the stadium.
‘There you are!’ she said, elated to see them both. Nick quickened his step and planted a couple of impassioned kisses on her cheeks, inheriting one of the Spanish customs he’d observed and incorporated into his armoury of charm. ‘Gosh, how European!’ she said blushing.
He placed his hands on her shoulders, ‘Great to see you!’
‘Great to see you too! Like the meetup point?’ she asked, gesturing to the statue that closely resembled her ex.
‘Perfect.’ he said with a Hollywood smile and eye-twinkle usually found in airbrushed lifestyle magazines. The pair remained locked as Konrad grew anxious and interrupted.
‘Hello Lucy… nice to see you too!’
‘Hi Konrad. Nice flight in?’ she offered embarrassedly.
‘Not really. Many people here yet?’
‘Just a hundred or so, the first band’s only just started.’ she said as the hollow mumble of acoustic rock echoed around the stadium’s interior walls. ‘One of the groups I represent is on next.’
‘So let’s go in and get started!’ Nick said and led the way to the entrance.
‘Hang on! Backstage passes!’ She searched through her bag and placed the lanyards around their necks, ‘Now we can get the party started!’
‘You got another one of those?’ Konrad asked timidly.
‘Who for?’
‘He’s got a girlfriend!’ Nick teased, pulling at Konrad’s cheeks like an excitable grandmother. Lucy looked as stunned as Julia Roberts when she thought she lost a finger to a jewellery box in Pretty Woman.
‘A girlfriend?’ she snorted.
Watching Loaded perform their lively finale from the side of the stage, Nick and Lucy were enjoying the VIP privileges; evidently taking their toll as they merrily tapped their beers and put their arms round each other’s shoulders. Misty-eyed, they gazed from behind the curtain at the energetic band members and crowd’s front rows. As the closing snare roll faded on the wind and the half-full stadium erupted with cheer, the band took a moment to absorb the appreciation of a charged performance inside a sun-drenched stadium.
‘Excellent! Excellent!’ beamed their manager as the group ran past Nick and Lucy to where cold beers and young girls were waiting. ‘Great gig, boys. Great gig!’ he encouraged as they ignored him and keenly wrapped their lips around a cold can and hot female.
‘Where did Konrad go?’ Lucy asked Nick, distracted by an attractive brunette cavorting with the band’s lead singer.
‘Out by the statue to meet that girl.’ he replied, reluctant to meet Lucy’s eyes.
‘So what’s that about?’
‘Dunno. He met her last night.’
‘How?’
‘Dunno.’
‘What’s she like?’
‘Dunno.’ he replied. Lucy promptly felt there was no more to offer the conversation and fell silent; Nick had already passed that stage and was ogling the dark-haired groupie again. ‘Although…’ he interjected after a while, ‘I think we’re about to find out!’ He pointed to the far end of the VIP area where Konrad and his companion were making their way up a staircase. As they approached, Nick and Lucy curiously assessed the attractive girl; Lucy was pleasantly surprised but Nick was gobsmacked – he instantly noticed her incredible similarity to Penny. Konrad grew anxious and looked at his shoes while the girl grabbed a complimentary drink and started to down it one.
‘Hi. This is Anna.’ he said nervously while she messily glugged the beer and crumpled the plastic cup in her fist. She rinsed her dripping chin with the back of her hand, tossed the cup on the floor and extended a dripping palm to Lucy.
‘Hi.’ she said numbly. Lucy realised no social norms existed where she could refuse the wet handshake on offer – this was a rock festival, sticky fingers and dubious characters were the norm.
‘I’m Lucy.’ she said through a grimace as the lager seeped between her fingers.
Anna turned to Nick, blatantly sizing him up, ‘And who are you?’
‘I’m Nick. Nice to meet you, Penny… sorry, Anna!’ he said casting Konrad a dirty look; he knew Nick made the connection – his downwards gaze bore through his shoes into the ground, finally resting between a rock and a hard place. ‘You look familiar!’ Nick continued, more than happy to expose the elephant in the room, ‘Didn’t you once leave him for a yoga instructor?’
‘Nick…’ Konrad interrupted with a tender tone, ‘Please don’t.’
‘Oh, I think I just might!’ he said relishing his moment atop the moral high ground.
‘What’s going on?’ Lucy asked.
‘Tell you later.’ he turned to Konrad and held his gaze, ‘You bloody hypocrite!’ he pronounced slowly, savouring every syllable.
Anna turned away, bored of the bickering, ‘My god, what is this jungle rubbish?’ she gestured to the Jamaican reggae act.
‘Excuse me?’ Lucy said surprised by the comment.
‘Nothing!’ Konrad interrupted, turning Anna by the shoulders, ‘I think I’m just going to show her around a bit, we’ll catch up later.’
Lucy watched him manhandle Anna through the assembling backstage area, stopping to allow her to collect another free beer from the table.
‘What the hell was that about?’ she said.
‘Anna doesn’t possess a very liberal mind, shall we say.’
‘So what’s Konrad doing with her? I never thought he could be with someone like that!’
‘Apparently he can if they look exactly like his ex!’
Lucy gasped, ‘No! Anna’s a Penny-lookalike?’ Nick answered with an emphatic nod. ‘No way!’
‘I know!’
‘What a hypocrite!’
‘I know!’
‘Wait till I see him next…’ she said shaking her head and enjoying a long swig of beer.
‘Hey, how much longer you around for?’
‘Dunno. Sacred Simplicity are on next so I have to stay for that, but once they’ve finished I’m pretty much free.’ she said, ‘Why?’
‘I doubt I’m going to hang around till the end. I’m a bit tired and nervous about seeing my dad tomorrow. I fancy getting back soon.’
‘Sure. Want some company?’ she asked nervously. Nick pondered a moment.
‘Seeing as Konrad’s out of action, yeh. That’d be nice.’
‘So I’m just a suitable fill-in, am I?’
‘Oi, I didn’t mean that.’
‘Can you hang on till nine?’
‘Okay.’ he answered. ‘And you’re coming back with me?’
‘Nick, it’s your birthday at midnight, I want to be with you.’
‘Don’t you have a glitzy party to go to after?’ he said eyeing her from behind the rim of his cup.
‘This isn’t The Oscars, Nick!’ she joked, reaching for his hand. ‘There’ll be drinks and stuff happening at the hotel, which we’re all welcome to, but if you prefer to do something quieter then let’s do that.’
‘Okay.’
‘So where are we going?’
‘El Médano, por favor!’ Nick shouted to the taxi driver as it sped from the stadium as fast as their excited hearts and into the summer sunset shrouding the townscape of Playa de las Américas. They looked at each other in the back of the cab, their faces painted with the sky’s vivid golden glow, and smiled. In that moment they were utterly beautiful to one another. Konrad waved them off from the pavement as Anna yapped incessantly in his ear; when the taxi faded from view he met her eyes with a dark look.
‘Look, will you please just shut up! No, I will not get you cocaine!’ he growled through his teeth, eyeing the security guards to make sure they were out of earshot.
‘Come on, Mr. Boring! This is a festival, let’s get wild!’ she said grabbing her boobs and poking her tongue out. Konrad was both repulsed and aroused – he’d never seen his ex behave so loosely, it felt momentarily liberating – but then he remembered that he thoroughly disliked everything else about the Penny-a-like in front of him now and his internal water sprinklers doused the fire.
‘Look, I don’t do it and I wouldn’t know where to get some anyway so stop going on about it!’ he said as she finally ceased rubbing herself. He looked along the stadium exterior and noticed a furore happening around a limo trying to get through photographers and busybodies blocking a side-entrance, ‘I think Corsica Coleman’s just arrived.’ he offered as a conversation-switcher, ‘Quite a fuss going on down there.’
‘Oh, I don’t care about her. I’m here for the real bands!’ she said waving her arms in the air and strumming an air-guitar; she grabbed his face in her hands and lowered it to eye-level, ‘Konrad… go ask those security guards where we can get some coke!’
His eyes rolled to the back of his head, ‘Oh, for f…’
‘Fine! I’ll ask them!’ and she trotted off to the nearest guard and bluntly asked the man. He wasn’t taken aback; he simply cast a look over both shoulders and pointed in a vague direction, giving a set of instructions before turning away. Anna smiled and skipped back to Konrad, ‘He says we can go to the main strip but it’ll be poor quality and expensive, our best option is to go to a dealer just behind that hotel.’
‘Why do you keep saying we?’
‘It’s someone the guard knows who’s rented a room for the night to cash-in. Clever move, he probably gets a cut for sending people their way, they’ll make a fortune tonight!’
‘Yes, brilliant business ethics!’ he replied dryly. ‘Look, for the last time, I’m not getting you drugs!’
‘Why not?’ Konrad’s shoulders slumped. ‘Mr. Boring feeling grumpy? Mr. Boring need a boost?’ she said in a tone that clamped Konrad’s gut to the inside of his testicles. He was so drained of strength that he looked to the heavens and begged for help, something he hadn’t done since Penny left him.
In the night air, illuminated by floodlights and stage effects, Konrad and Anna stood at the back of the bustling crowd, vibrating to the metal band performing. Every so often Anna would shout something in Konrad’s ear but his expression remained stony with eyes fixed onstage. Eventually he snapped and somehow, despite the music filling the arena, a large section of crowd clearly heard Konrad scream, ‘ALRIGHT! I’LL BLOODY GO!’
‘What do you want to do then?’ Lucy said trying Nick’s bed for bounce factor but finding impact dull rather than springy; she massaged her whiplashed neck. Nick flopped on Konrad’s bed with more success, gliding onto the surface instead of blindly freefalling. He kicked off his shoes.
‘Dunno. Stay here? Get a pizza?’
‘Nick, it’s your birthday!’
‘Yeh.’ he answered brashly, ‘And that’s what I wanna do!’
Lucy crossed her arms as Nick turned on the TV. A vaguely familiar romantic comedy was showing and they soon found themselves arguing over the ending when Lucy refused to be sucked in further.
‘No, we’re not doing this!’ She grabbed the remote from Nick’s hand and tossed it on the bed – it smashed on impact. ‘It’s only 9.30 and we’re going out for a drink!’ She bent down to gather his shoes, quickly wishing she hadn’t as her neck cricked and the stench of Nick’s trainers caught her unaware. She slowly straightened and tossed the offending footwear at its host, ‘Get those on. We’re going for a cocktail!’
‘What the hell am I doing?’ Konrad moaned to himself as he crossed the deserted street a few blocks from the stadium, ‘I’ve never scored drugs before, I don’t know what to do!’ He reached the dark corner at the far end and arrived outside a rundown apartment block, ‘You go, it may be dangerous!’ he mimicked, ‘My god, that woman is vile!’ He straightened outside the ominous-looking building, the last in a line of pristine apartment fronts and modern offices. In contrast, the dirty stonework and dark lifeless interior sent a shudder down his spine; the only sign of activity came from the well-lit upper floor, everything else seemed dead. There was a dank stench in the air, it could have been rotting bodies and toxic rising-damp emanating from the building’s bowels but was more likely to be the bins piled outside the entrance. Even the streetlamp was blinking, adding further eeriness to a nervy excursion he wished he hadn’t undertaken; he acknowledged the cliché with a sigh – he wouldn’t have been surprised if a thunderclap suddenly split the night and hard rain began to fall. He cowered when he thought he heard a wolf cry beyond the moonlight then realised it was just a dog freaked out by concert noise. ‘Relax!’ he told himself, breathing in deep, ‘Get this done, buy the drugs and let her snort to her heart’s content – at least she’ll be quiet for a bit!’ He rolled his head to relax his shoulders, emitting a neck-crack so loud it stopped the dog barking. A spark of confidence shot up his spine, ‘Then kiss her so she doesn’t say another word till morning!’ He straightened his sweat-soaked clothing with steely determination, ‘I wanna know what this lookalike-fix feels like!’
Chapter 9
Cocktails & Trees
Holding aloft a frosted beer while unwinding at a beachfront bar facing Montaña Roja and El Médano bay, a popular venue with the crowds from sunset till late, Nick and Lucy toasted their happiness with sun-kissed faces.
‘Maybe coming out wasn’t a bad idea after all.’ he said enjoying the scene in front of him, ‘Just look at the moonlight reflecting off the wispy clouds, illuminating the brooding sky and glittering ocean.’ he added as he took a messy glug of beer, ‘Wicked innit?’ and he patted the dribble marks on his shirt. He relaxed his shoulders, leaned back and put his hands behind his head like a fat CEO admiring his own self-importance, ‘I could get used to this!’
‘Nick, you feeling alright?’ she asked slightly concerned.
‘Yeh, Luce. Wonderful! I feel…’
‘I sit here?’ interrupted a Spanish man standing over the table looking damp and holding a towel. Nick and Lucy were surprised, unaccustomed to making room for intrusive strangers; they looked around the busy bar and noticed everywhere was occupied. They sized up their ample space and reluctantly obliged, huffing as they huddled their chairs and making it known it wasn’t in the least bit appreciated. ‘Nice night swim.’ the man said explaining his damp disposition and fresh-as-a-daisy expression. He sat down, sighing from the invigorating dip, and doused the table with wet belongings; he turned to two friends hanging around the bar, ‘Aquí.’ he called and they shimmied to the table wearing irritating grins and clammy clothing.
‘Hola.’ they chirped with energised-eyes.
‘Hello.’ Nick and Lucy answered and returned to their conversation, refusing to be drawn into any Anglo-Iberian niceties.
‘Soy Miguel, son Nayra y Juan.’ the first stranger said putting relevant name to appropriate smiling face. Nick and Lucy nodded politely and turned again. ‘Como te llamas? Erm, what is your names?’
‘Nick and Lucy.’ he fired back.
‘Nick and Lucy.’ Miguel repeated with a friendly sparkle, ‘Nice to meet you.’ and the group rose to their feet and leaned across the table offering both cheeks for customary kissing. Nick and Lucy clumsily obliged and clashed multiple facial parts; they sat down somewhat out of breath from the exertive introductions.
‘We have nice night swim.’ said Nayra, a pretty 30-something with attractive wet, black hair. Nick used to adore Sofia’s fresh-out-the-shower look but failed to see the sexy resemblance in his annoyance at the table invasion. Another wet trio arrived at the entrance.
‘Hola!’ they said waving at Miguel with sodden towels.
‘Hola! Aquí!’ he shouted back and the new members joined the table, forcing everyone to cram together. ‘Nick and Lucy.’ Miguel introduced.
‘Hola! Somos Pablo, María y Silvia.’ and they leaned across for Nick and Lucy to repeat the same uncomfortable greeting. Once seated in their tight spaces the six friends began to converse in Spanish at an incredible rate, projected with a voice-volume only heard in the U.K. when people stub their toe.
‘For god’s sake!’ Nick said to Lucy amid the piercing chatter, ‘Not sure I can handle this!’
‘You want to go somewhere else?’ she asked as Miguel lifted his bag onto the table and thumped Nick’s bicep, giving him a nasty dead-arm.
‘Lo siento, Nick.’ he apologised. Nick smiled grimly and contorted his body to politely disguise that any pain was caused; he leaned to Lucy.
‘Yes, please.’ he whimpered, ‘Let’s do one…’
As Konrad entered the dimly-lit foyer he nervously looked around and edged towards the elevator. He pressed the button and heard it crank into life, noisily descending from the eleventh floor and clattering abruptly at the bottom. The knots in Konrad’s stomach squeezed and he decided whether to go up in the cumbersome contraption or take the stairwell; he considered the eleven flights for two full seconds before carefully getting in the lift. Conveniently tucked inside his arm-cast, he removed his phone and tried to call Nick but the phone flashed a low-battery warning and went dead, ‘Bugger!’ he muttered as the lift doors opened and he stepped uneasily into the hallway, sliding his phone back inside his cast. The apartment to his left was ajar with the security chain on; light and noise pouring onto the landing from inside. Konrad rang the bell, checking over both shoulders as he waited. The front door shut and the chain unlocked; it reopened and a large brooding man with arms folded stood like a summoned genie. He looked Konrad up and down.
‘How much you want?’ said the chiselled man in his mid-forties. An excited young couple barged past to get to the elevator; the doors opened and they turned to each other, beaming brightly.
‘That was amazing! Can’t believe we met her!’ said the girl.
‘I know! Gutted we couldn’t get a photo.’ the man said as the doors crashed and the lift descended the building’s shaky spine. Konrad was surprised that purchasing illegal narcotics could be such an uplifting experience and wondered who she was. He snapped from his daydream as he sensed the dealer staring at him and tensed like a kitten being lifted by its scruff; he imagined drug dealers to be red-eyed adolescents wearing precariously-sagging jeans, not like the intimidating grey warrior in front of him now.
‘Oh, I dunno… 50 euros worth?’ he stammered.
‘30 or 60?’ the man replied with a strong Spanish accent.
‘Sorry?’
‘30 or 60?’
‘That’s a strange haggle.’
‘Not haggle, that price for half or gram, what you want?’ he growled impatiently.
‘Oh. Suppose 60 then.’ The man closed the door and came back with a small ball wrapped in polythene, Konrad passed him a 100 euro note, ‘Do you have change?’ The man gave a look that made his heart sink to his sandals; he snatched the note and closed the door again. Konrad scanned the dank hallway as he waited, disliking the experience by the second. The door reopened and the man’s hand reached round and stuffed two 20 euro bills into Konrad’s sweaty palm; he looked down at the money and small package uncertain what to do next. ‘Guess I’m done!’ he realised and breathed a sigh of relief. A naughty sensation washed over his body and he suddenly felt alive – a dark, natural feeling more potent than the contents in his hand. He skipped to the lift, giddy from his rush, and hummed a bright melody as it noisily ascended to return him to earthy ground.
‘Much nicer.’ Nick said from behind his decorative mojito glass. They’d found a quiet Cuban bar and positioned themselves on the first floor terrace overlooking the moon-sprinkled ocean.
‘Wow, these are strong!’ Lucy said, blinking furiously and releasing a forced cough to emphasise the point. Oddly enough it didn’t deter her from catching her breath and placing the straw in her mouth for another tear-inducing slurp. A brisk sea breeze filled the pair, reminding them they were out of the city bustle and feeling a different air. They chatted for ages, relaxed in each other’s company, and enjoyed the tall minty cocktails sliding down regrettably well. Their heads lightened, their eyes caught the light in leading ways, and time passed as quickly as a turning page. They opened and spoke of everything, stopping only to pick at tapas or giggle at the stirring effects of the mojitos.
‘We’ve had a lot to drink today, that last one sent me bandy!’ Nick confessed as he swallowed down an unappreciated burp escaping his overworked system; then they burst into a fit of laughter over nothing in particular.
‘Shall we get another?’ she slurred.
‘We can’t can we?’ he hiccupped.
‘Why the heck not?’ she struggled to say.
‘Because I can’t feel my cheeks!’ and he dabbed at his face, resulting in another bout of painful laughing. ‘Alright then, sod it! Let’s get a third!’ and he spun in his chair to shout at a waitress serving another table, ‘Oi! Garçon… two more, s’il vous plait!’
It was the first time Konrad had ever done anything risky and all his nerves were confidently buzzing. He strode into the lift and hit the ground-floor button with a casual flick of the wrist. While the doors closed he imagined himself approaching Anna like a triumphant warrior returning from battle and claiming her virtue as just prize. He was still smiling like a pubescent boy in the lingerie section of a department store when the doors jolted open and a surreal figure stood in front of him. His brief high spiralled into confusion – he’d never met this woman before but instantly recognised her. She joined him in the lift and positioned herself in the far corner with head down and baseball cap lowered. Konrad obliged in the mutual frostiness and pressed the ground-floor button, the doors closed and the lift jerked into action; shaking as it descended. They squeezed the little plastic ball in their hands and relaxed, glowing from their naughty achievement, and suddenly jumped at the piercing screech of twisting metal and violent shaking. The lift jolted to an abrupt stop, knocking them off balance, followed by darkness and brilliant silence; the emergency lighting flickered on as the ringing in their ears faded and they looked at each other for the first time – with pure fear in their eyes. Their instincts told them they were hanging by a thread, literally, and they clutched the sides of the elevator in desperate hope of keeping everything suspended in one piece. As their heavy-breathing dissipated all they could feel was stillness; they looked at each other again, somehow calling for the other to take action and elevate them from the scary situation. They thought the same thing at the same time; try the buttons. Nothing. It remained motionless and all outside eerily quiet. They searched their minds for the next step; call for help! The woman found clarity among the doubts stupefying her mind like a dazzling lightshow and spoke up.
‘Hi. Erm. Looks like we’re stuck. Do you mind if I borrow your phone?’ she said through a wry grimace; Konrad’s heart sank. He hung his head, sobbing slightly while mumbling profanity to himself. The woman was surprised by his odd reaction, ‘Only I’ve come out without mine.’ she elaborated, gesturing empty pockets to reinforce the point.
Konrad took out his phone and showed her its lifeless screen, ‘It’s dead. I was going to ask you the same thing.’
A large tattooed man in his mid-thirties turned to the grey dealer at the lift, ‘Think it’s out of order.’ he said hammering at the call button.
‘Probably.’ the dealer replied, ‘Always happen. Use the stairs.’ and he gestured further down the hallway and disappeared inside the apartment. He entered the living room and shouted to his young shaggy friend, bagging powder in front of a set of scales, ‘She was famous person before?’
‘Yeh man! She’s the one headlining the concert tonight!’
‘She good?’
‘Nah, she’s more for the kids!’ he joked and turned to his laptop, ‘Wanna hear?’ He put Corsica Coleman’s latest album into the playlist.
‘Not bad.’ The grey dealer said, bopping to the generic opener. The doorbell rang and he went to answer, ‘More loud.’ he called back to his colleague and jigged down the hall.
‘So that means?’
‘That’s right.’
She glowered like a frightened animal, ‘All what you just said?’
‘Yes.’
‘About us being screwed?’
‘I’m afraid so.’
‘Oh my god!’ she screamed, ‘We’re utterly screwed!’ and she gripped her cheeks and paced the small area like a demented chicken. ‘What are we gonna do?’ she said, eventually daring to look her elevator occupant in the eye.
‘In light of not being able to communicate with the outside world…’ Konrad began calmly, ‘I seriously suggest screaming our lungs out!’ and he unleashed an almighty howl from the depths of his lungs; unfortunately at the same time the shaggy dealer had honoured his friend’s request and cranked up Corsica Coleman’s Glitzee! album to maximum volume. The trapped pair hollered admirably for a full fifteen minutes but rather ironically their demented efforts were drowned out by the very music one of them had recently recorded.
‘How many?’ Nick said surprised.
‘Shut up! It’s different for women.’ Lucy defended.
‘So how do you get by?’
‘I hug trees mainly.’ she said innocently, circling the public bench he was sat on, nestled in the far corner of the large plaza under an old overhanging tree. She touched its leaves with her outstretched fingertips as Nick took a sip on his takeaway mojito.
‘Trees? And that works for you?’ he said admiring the stars beaming behind a creamy moonlit sky.
‘Well, yeh. A few stiff drinks before always helps!’
‘But what do you get out of it?’ he asked, confused but curious.
‘Well, they’re lovely are trees.’ she slurred and went to the base of the ageing tree occupying the corner of the plaza like a botanical wizard; she gave it a hearty hug, ‘That’s nice that is!’
‘Again… what do you get out of it?’
‘It’s energy isn’t it?’ she answered weakly.
‘Is it?’
‘Yeh! Everything is, isn’t it?’ she said puzzling herself and got caught in a mental loop. ‘Anyway, just try it!’ she beckoned Nick to the trunk.
‘Don’t be daft.’ he protested feebly and Lucy seized upon his hesitancy and grabbed his hand.
‘Come on.’ she hauled him to his drunken feet; he clenched the plastic cup trying to find balance and splattered mojito on his shoe. ‘Give it a good cuddle!’ she said as he got on one knee to wipe his shoe with his sleeve and spilled the rest of the drink on the floor.
‘Fine.’ he submitted and tentatively placed his arms around the broad trunk. Maybe it was the stirring night sky, maybe it was the excessive alcohol, maybe it was Lucy – possibly all three – but Nick thought he felt something. A glow, a vibration, a surge of energy, he wasn’t sure; but all evening electricity had been jumping between them and he’d been so caught in its pull that he hadn’t noticed until this moment. He looked around the plaza – from the row of trees obscuring the main road to the bars at the far side encircling a playground by the beach – and noticed how everything seemed more vivid: the colours of the floodlit trees, people chatting on terraces, children tiring themselves in the play area – everything. He could hear and feel the waves dissolve into the dark shoreline across the plaza as if his feet were in the water. He was utterly moved.
‘So?’ she pressed but Nick didn’t answer, he turned with a hazy grin and continued along the row of trees, hugging each trunk as he went. He arrived at the final tree situated outside a bar and slumped down at a table overlooking the beach and plaza.
‘I need a drink!’ he called to Lucy, still following his trail, and ordered dos cervezas from the passing waiter.
‘We shut now.’ he replied curtly.
‘Only one!’ Nick fired back with a glint in his eye. The waiter knew better than to argue with an Englishman in need of a drink at closing time and disappeared inside to pour two partially-filled beers, which he slammed on the table in double-quick time; he then marched off to eject a group attempting to sit at a recently-vacated table.
Lucy hugged the tree outside the bar and sat next to Nick, ‘That last tree’s got kind of a sexy vibe!’ she said as she edged her seat closer, ‘Or that could just be me right now!’ she added suggestively.
‘Who? Betsy?’
‘Betsy?’
‘Yeh.’
‘You’ve given the trees names?’
‘Most of them.’
‘Really?’ she said surprised, ‘What makes Betsy a girl?’
‘Her name for one thing!’
‘Oh, come on!’
‘I don’t know; she just feels female.’
‘Fair enough. What about the first tree we visited?’
‘Ah, he’s a feller!’
‘Is he now? And what do we call him?’
‘Albert.’
‘Albert?’
‘He seems kind of an old-timer, Albert’s a good traditional name.’ he said and she took his hand, smiling as she tenderly brushed back his hair.
‘I always knew you were lovely.’ she said staring into his eyes. Their hands tightened like coiling boa constrictors and their gaze intensified until all around faded to ash and they were in their own portal of space and time. She placed her head on his chest and squeezed his thigh; enveloping them in a tender electricity that any good poet could write volumes about. Not even the harrying waiter, sweeping around lingering clients and noisily stacking tables, could disturb their trance. The sweet sounds of Paolo Nutini resonated from inside the bar, a favourite of Nick’s, and he seized on the appreciated accompaniment by nuzzling Lucy’s neck until she raised her head from his chest; he put his lips close to hers and held as a pulsating energy built. While the music played in the background like a soundtrack for this exact moment their connection magnetized. They softly rubbed heads and asked each other a million questions until all telepathic reassuring seemed pointless and they could hold on no more. After countless ignored warnings from the tired waiter their lips touched and they submerged in their first kiss like an Olympic diver plunging sleekly into a pool. Reverberations may have been felt far into the solar system, they’d never know, but that was how it seemed. They separated and studied each other’s reaction; Lucy put her head into his chest and began to laugh.
‘I knew that third mojito was a mistake!’
He smiled, ‘Or not!’
‘Happy birthday, Nick.’ she said and grabbed his face to kiss him again.
‘Please!’ pleaded the waiter wearing a look of defeat, ‘I must close and go home.’ he put his hands together and begged them with the softest eyes he could muster, ‘Please!’
Nick and Lucy untangled limbs; ‘Of course.’ they said at the same time and paid with giggly grins. They staggered off arm in arm, allowing the spent waiter his right to put away the broom and go home to hug his fleecy pillow and/or loved one.
‘You know that I have to stay with you, I can’t go home now.’ she asserted as they walked the short distance to Nick’s hotel.
‘I know.’ he replied and gave her a knowing look; she tightened her grip on his arm. ‘I haven’t heard from Konrad so I presume he got lucky with his lookalike.’
‘Unlike us.’ she said, lovingly scanning every inch of his face, ‘No skinny Latin babe in front of you now!’
He swept back her auburn hair, ‘And no speccy mummy’s-boy in front of you either!’
‘I’m glad.’ she said and kissed him until the stars exploding behind his eyelids made him dizzy. Caught in the here and now Nick felt the universe align just for him; this was the feeling he’d been searching all this time and amazingly Lucy felt it too. Cynics would blame the mojitos, doubters would say it doesn’t exist but she knew what it was: Love. Unfortunately the man she’d fallen for was some time away from truly recognising the fact.
Chapter 10
Lift & Fall
Konrad sat in gloomy silence on the sticky floor of the confined elevator; muffled pop music filled the air from the drug den he’d only just visited. His lift companion regarded him as he twiddled with his lifeless phone, intentionally ignoring her.
‘What’s your name?’ she asked, tired of the tense hush.
‘Konrad.’
‘Hello Konrad.’ she said ploughing through the cold barrier between them, ‘I’m…’
‘I know who you are.’ he cut in, ‘Aren’t you supposed to be headlining a festival?’
‘Erm. Yeh.’ she answered uncertainly.
‘Oh, so there are people coming to get you?’ he asked leaning forwards with hopeful eyes. Corsica froze; she peered at him and nervously shook her head. His shoulders slumped, ‘You mean no one knows you’re here?’
‘I sneaked out.’ she admitted. ‘I’m supposed to be clean. I’m currently in re…’
‘I know!’ Konrad interrupted, slumping against the wall. ‘Fallen off the wagon have we?’ he added sarcastically.
She regarded the small package in her hand, ‘Not yet.’ Konrad scoffed and she stiffened, ‘Something funny?’ She drew another derisive snigger, ‘Do share.’ she pressed.
‘You lot make me laugh.’ he began after an internal discussion on whether to keep shtum or not, finally plumping for the latter, ‘You’re gifted the world on a plate simply because you’re good at shaking your arse in front of a camera then always throw it away!’
‘Sorry, have I done something to offend you?’
‘No.’
‘Sure? I know an attack when I hear one.’
‘Look, it’s nothing personal.’ he said softening to her calm approach, ‘It’s just that you represent an aspect of modern culture I happen to abhor.’
‘I see.’ she said moving back slightly.
‘You and your talentless, self-obsessed mates promote nothing but shallow values and perpetuate the concept of elitism and greed. Quite simply, I have no respect for anyone that gets on because of marketability over ability.’ he said and folded his arms. The distant blare of Corsica’s album accompanied the tension filling the air; they fell silent and her face furrowed as she listened to a few lines from the glossily-produced floor-filler playing.
‘You think I’m not aware?’ she said solemnly.
‘Aware of what?’
‘You think I don’t know what I am and where I fit in?’
‘I don’t know, do you?’
She looked away, ‘Yes.’ she said to a small paragraph of obscene graffiti daubed on the wall behind Konrad, ‘I do.’
‘Young, rich and successful, right?’
Corsica tiled her head to the ceiling and laughed, ‘Yeh, yeh! Sure, that’s how it seems. The truth is a little different…’ she said with a knowing look, ‘In my world everything’s as delicate as smoke – and disappears just as quickly!’
‘What do you mean?’
‘I made it as a musician because I was pretty enough – but I’m not musical. I made it as a model because I was pretty enough – but I can’t do anything other than novelty campaigns. I made it as a TV judge because I was pretty enough – but who I am to advise people who actually have talent?’ she said anticipating Konrad’s agreement; he was stunned.
‘Well… exactly!’
‘I know what to expect when I’m not hot enough anymore – a simple camera change to the next pretty thing willing to shake her arse to their tune.’
‘That is the formula.’
‘But staying young and pert has already become a 24 hour slog while the knives will well and truly be out after my non-appearance tonight!’
‘Oh please, a small festival in Tenerife won’t matter – you’re the nation’s favourite! Don’t beat yourself up about it.’
‘Konrad, the bubble’s about to burst – I always knew it would – and it’s been lingering a while if I’m honest.’ Corsica half-heartedly tried the lift button again and let out a tired sigh, ‘I should be coming on stage now.’ she said numbly. ‘Right now my entire team’s going berserk and ten thousand people are waiting for me… and I’m stuck in a lift with you!’
‘Thanks a bunch!’ he said; Corsica tilted her head sympathetically.
‘It’s not your fault.’ she quickly clarified, ‘I’m the idiot. For some reason I decided to bring it all crashing down now – at this very moment – and when word gets out it’ll be just what they’re looking for to bring in the new blood I know they want. Konrad, the dismantling of Corsica Coleman begins tomorrow, trust me.’
‘Don’t be daft! You’re still very much in the game, don’t worry about that.’
‘What’s left for me to do?’ she asked wide-eyed, ‘My new solo career is about to crash, as everyone knew it would. Can you even hear that crap?’ she said gesturing to the current saccharine-sweet song playing from her album, ‘So tacky I wanna vomit.’
Konrad appeared flummoxed, ‘I don’t know what to say…’
‘My telly career is about to hit the rocks.’ she interjected, ‘Audiences are growing tired of all my exposure, and when popularity goes so do all the ad campaigns and endorsements.’
‘What happens then?’ he asked, intrigued by the rags-to-riches-to-rags life-plan already mapped out for herself.
‘Reality game shows for faded celebrities and crappy reunion tours with Zesty I imagine!’
‘Yeh, I guess.’ he agreed, surprised by her pragmatic sincerity.
‘But who am I to turn my nose up at guest spots and gigging small venues? Decent career for most and it’s not like I know how to do anything else.’
‘Steady money I imagine.’
‘Unless I do something different; use what influence I have to go in a different direction. Use skills I’m actually good at and do something meaningful…’
‘Any thoughts?’
‘Maybe.’
‘Go on then.’
‘I dunno…’ she answered with a grimace that was a borderline gurn. ‘No! Sorry, I really can’t. What about you?’ she asked niftily switching the conversation, ‘You sound like a man with principals. What are you passionate about?’
‘Have we finished with the other conversation then?’
‘Yes.’
‘So all of a sudden it’s me?’ he asked confused.
‘Yes, Konrad.’
‘Because it kind of felt like we were in the middle…’
‘Not now, another time.’ she said growing irritated. ‘Anyway, tell me about you.’
His face screwed, ‘Another time? When’s there going to be…’
‘Passions!’ she interrupted bluntly, ‘What are you passionate about?’ She took a deep breath, ‘I’d really love to know… I think.’
‘Well trees mainly.’ he said after a pause long enough to be deemed a dramatic build.
‘Trees?’
‘Yep.’
‘Oh.’ she said with notable disappointment. During the uncomfortable silence that followed she considered her options, ‘Okay then… tell me all about trees.’
It has been philosophised that we live our lives moving forward and understand it looking back, with personal knowledge coming from experience; however, it would take Nick a long time to sufficiently realise what he was experiencing with Lucy, cuddled asleep next to him in bed. He lay awake motionless, his expression far-off, his mouth open – jump forward some weeks and he’d recognise this blissful paralysis as love – but while his feelings and awareness were absolutely brilliant they were not in tune. Lucy didn’t fit the template; she wasn’t his type. This didn’t make sense and would mercilessly play on his mind. He gazed out of the open patio doors at the starlit sky and serenity shrouding the world outside. Lucy felt his energising contentment and squeezed him tighter, burying her head deeper in his chest. He could have accepted her loving affection and allowed warmth into his heart again – the person and feelings were right – instead he looked down at her ashen complexion and hair glowing pale under the moonlight and wanted it to shimmer dark and slick like Sofia’s.
‘Well I think that’s amazing! You’ve saved woodland and done all that stuff for the environment?’ Corsica said staring at Konrad with admiration. ‘And everyone in the country knows my stupid name? Decent people like you should be celebrated not celebrities; shows how screwed up we are!’
‘Oh, I dunno…’ he offered shyly, his cheeks reddened and Corsica touched his upper-arm.
‘I do. I think you’re noble and good. You’re outside of the money-go-round and I’m so jealous! I want to be more like you.’
‘Stoppit!’
‘I do! I want to do things for important causes rather than always maximising saleability! I’m so bloody sick of it all!’
‘I guess it must be exhausting, but being famous must have its perks, eh?’
‘Ha! Not as many as you think, and when you consider that most of my relationships have changed beyond belief and I’ll never have a private life again, no matter what the future holds, I’m not sure the sacrifices have been worth it.’ Konrad nodded sympathetically; he’d often pondered how famous people cope with the intense levels of manipulation and distrust that accompany such a life.
‘I suppose it must be tough.’
Corsica sized up the small walled space around her and yawned, ‘No one’s coming for us tonight, are they?’
‘I doubt it now.’ he replied and saw anxiety underneath her drooping eyelids. He took her hand, ‘If you want to rest that’s okay, you know you’re safe with me.’
She searched his eyes, ‘I know, thank you. It’s been a really long day.’ She removed her jacket and rested her head on it, ‘Are you tired?’ she asked looking up from her makeshift pillow with weary eyes.
‘A bit.’ he said checking what floor space he could occupy without imposing on her resting frame. He didn’t have much to work with and she noticed his considerate preoccupation.
‘Konrad, it’s okay; you can make contact with a celebrity. It may not be very nice but it’s unavoidable given the room we have!’
‘Wanna go top and tail?’
‘No.’ she answered shortly, tired of his faffing.
‘Sure?’
‘Yes! It’s really not necessary.’
‘Alrighty then.’ he said, awkwardly sliding on his right side and backing into the spooning position with minimal contact. ‘Okay?’ he checked again.
‘Yes, fine.’ she huffed into her jacket sleeve.
‘Great.’ and he rested his head on his right hand, breathing as quietly as possible to afford her relative privacy.
‘Than’ you, Kon…’ she drooled as her head sunk into her soft jacket.
Stillness soon enveloped their humble accommodation and Corsica breathed a pleasant sigh. She imagined she was camping in the mountains on a balmy summer night, clothed and huddled on the hard ground under a magnificent starry sky. Fatigue and low spirits had brought on exhaustion and Corsica was content to drift and let imagination run free. Only the album’s closer, a tender ballad playing several floors above, offered signs of life beyond their peaceful shelter; not that she noticed, she was too busy pretending Konrad was Jo-E Williams and that they were enjoying a night of unadulterated freedom in the wilderness far from prying eyes and celebrity hassle. She felt herself starting to drift. Konrad, however, was less restful.
‘Bloody music!’ he moaned, startling Corsica from her relaxed state. ‘Oops, sorry.’ he apologised after she momentarily lifted her head to cast him a venomous look. ‘I wasn’t criticising the quality of the song you understand? It sounded a perfectly fine power-ballad of that… particular variety.’ he coughed weakly; he composed himself and ploughed on, ‘It was only that I was trying to rest, you see? And it was disturb…’ Suddenly the music stopped and, at least momentarily, so did Konrad. Quietness filled the lift. ‘Oh, thank god for that! I mean, really…’
‘Konrad, shut the hell up!’ she yelled and total silence promptly resumed.
The welcome hush that wafted through the building like a sharp wind on a hot day, bringing peace to Konrad’s restlessness and saving him from a likely slap across the chops, was thanks to one Sergeant Alberto González Reverón. Local police carrying out a raid on the eleventh floor had caught the shaggy drug dealer shimmying to loud music and in possession of a dizzy array of iffy substances. They moved swiftly to detain him, and in the process halt his personal expression, but it was Señor González who realised the ear-splitting volume was needlessly complicating the arrest and ordered its immediate cessation. As further testimony to Señor González’s integrity, later that night on his way home he remembered to buy milk for his wife and helped a neighbour’s cat out of a tree.
Unfortunately the night was marred by the escape of the grey-haired dealer who made off with most of the cash; he heard the police coming up the stairs and hid in a neighbouring doorway as they charged the apartment. He managed to flee the building while police were shouting over Corsica Coleman’s Baby, You Drive Me Crazy; it’s rumoured the chiselled criminal bought a top-of-the-range eco-friendly Jacuzzi with the night’s proceeds. Justice may not have served that particular scoundrel but his shaggy friend found himself immersed in a different kind of hot water, and went on to have the book literally thrown at him during one particular police interview. On that occasion Sergeant González was again at hand to scold the offending officer and proffer the defendant a vibrant adhesive bandage, but his unexceptional brilliance didn’t end with the distribution of plasters, rescuing kittens and mildly impressive memory skills – he was also the officer responsible for restarting the building’s power so the lift could transport boxes of evidence to vans on the ground. It wasn’t the first time Che González risked sending heavy goods down a faulty elevator to save time, but as well as modestly virtuous he was also moderately ballsy, unafraid to lightly wobble the boat and responsibly shake things up; much to the pleasure of Konrad and Corsica who found themselves face to face with him after the building’s power reboot successfully jerked the elevator to life.
‘Oh… hello!’ said Konrad sleepily as he raised his head and saw three confused police officers looking at him from the lift doors. ‘It’s fixed? Great! Is it morning already?’ he asked the baffled trio standing beside a stack of bags and boxes.
‘Morning? No, it is night, señor.’ answered one officer. ‘What are you…? how are you…?’ he stuttered as Corsica woke to their voices. Señor González nearly fainted at the sight of her.
‘Dios mío, es ella!’ he screamed at his colleague.
‘En serio?’
‘Si! Es ella!’ he shouted and dramatically grabbed the officer by his collar. He respectfully eased himself away, straightened his shirt and turned to Corsica.
‘Señora Coleman? It is you?’
‘Yes, I’m Corsica Coleman.’
The man’s face turned pale, ‘Is most important you come with us. Many important people worry. Everyone look for you. Come, come!’ he said as several pairs of hands suddenly reached into the lift and plucked her out of Konrad’s spoon-embrace and onto solid ground. They huddled around her like a rugby scrum and proceeded to bundle her to the staircase and into a waiting car as quickly as possible.
‘My jacket.’ she called to Konrad as they edged down the hall. The bodies slowly backed up to the lift entrance and Corsica’s outstretched hand appeared from inside the cluster.
‘Here.’ Konrad said as he threw the garment to her; with her vision blocked she grasped it by instinct and pulled it inside her human cage.
‘Thanks!’ she shouted as the group began shuffling down the hall.
‘Wait!’ Konrad hollered as they disappeared; again they reversed in unison.
‘What?’
‘For what it’s worth I think you look fantastic – and as for your popularity factor, well with me it couldn’t be higher.’ he said to the dark interior; she fell silent. ‘You surprised me Corsica Coleman; no, you wowed me. It was really lovely meeting you.’ The three policemen looked down at Konrad mawkishly opening up on the elevator floor and, despite understanding little of what was said, responded with pitiful expressions. Corsica failed to respond. ‘If I’m ever stuck in a lift again I really hope it’s with you!’ he said and bowed his head so he didn’t have to watch her leave. The cluster lingered on the spot under a shroud of indecision then, like Moses and the Red Sea, it suddenly parted – allowing Corsica to emerge from the protective shell like a hatched princess. She crouched beside Konrad and kissed his cheek.
‘I don’t know why but something tells me this experience has a significant meaning. Thank you for that.’ she said and pushed the small package of cocaine in his hand. ‘Get rid of this for me, I won’t be needing it.’ and she rose to her feet and elegantly approached the limb labyrinth. ‘You’re a special man, Konrad Gruber.’
Señor González’s unremarkable influence on others’ lives that evening was far from over, but the giddy high of a small-scale drug raid and chancing upon a high-profile missing person was written all over his face as Corsica left in the back of a police car. He’d join his colleagues at the station soon enough, he just wanted to savour the moment and turned to face the gloomy building and scene of his success. He lit a cigarette and stared hard, taking in every detail before walking into the night, beaming like a hyena with a bout of giggles.
In contrast to Corsica’s elaborate V.I.P. exit, Konrad staggered onto the pavement unaided looking like a confused convict leaving solitary confinement. After being ignored by busying officers as to whether he was needed for anything he freely made his way past the guards at the entrance as if invisible. After a moment’s deliberation he went to find a taxi, grinning as he threw the bags of cocaine into a nearby bin. He felt energised; he was so lightheaded he tried to kick his heels but performed a small lopsided hop and tweaked his ankle on landing, nearly falling on his busted arm. He checked he was good to continue then headed towards the stadium free of further footloose footwork.
Chapter 11
Hippie & Shake
Konrad jolted awake to the surreal experience of having sand kicked in his face.
‘Coming with us to see my dad, loser?’ Nick shouted standing over him, ‘Why are you dossing down there?’
Lucy frowned at him, ‘Did you sleep all night on the beach?’
‘Yes, I bloody did!’ Konrad said, gingerly getting to his feet and spitting sand out. ‘I came back to the room and found my bed taken!’ he said testily and pushed Nick back with his free hand, ‘And that was not a nice way to be woken up!’
He stumbled back, laughing at the irony of his one-armed friend forced to sleep on the sand with his paid-room metres above his head, ‘Yeh, sorry Kon.’ he said trying to sound sincere, ‘Last night was… unexpected. We didn’t think you’d come back.’ Lucy went to Nick and put her arm around him, ‘An amazing night! Right, Luce?’
Lucy beamed at Konrad, proudly showing her affection for his best friend; she squeezed Nick’s waist, ‘Amazing!’ she affirmed, looking into his eyes.
‘How was your night?’ Nick asked.
‘Actually, rather amazing as well!’
‘Really? With that nasty Penny woman?’ she teased.
‘No! I lost her during the festival – I ended up trapped in a lift with a beautiful celebrity!’ he said proudly.
‘What?’ Nick coughed.
‘Konrad, were you just dreaming this …’
‘No, it wasn’t a dream!’ he said firmly, hoping to stem further doubtful remarks.
‘Who was this celebrity then?’ Nick asked, intrigued by his noted seriousness.
‘Corsica Coleman.’ he announced brightly; Nick and Lucy groaned in unison.
‘Don’t be daft!’ he shouted impatiently.
‘She was performing at the festival!’ Lucy said. ‘Konrad, you obviously just dreamt this…’
‘She didn’t perform. She was trapped in a lift with me!’
‘For god’s sake, wake up mate!’ Nick said as Lucy’s phone started to ring, bringing a temporary pause to their exchange.
‘Hello, Lucy Caul…’ she uttered, accustomed to completing her full name and generic introduction out of an understood politeness, but a loud dominant voice interrupted and rolled off a reprimand usually seen on edgy cop shows. The shouting stopped and was followed by brilliant silence – then life resumed; the waves returned to crashing and everyone started breathing again. Lucy kind of wished she wasn’t though, her face pale with shock. ‘Corsica Coleman didn’t show.’ she said blankly, focussing on no one in particular, ‘My boss is livid, he wants to know why I wasn’t there to arrange a fill-in with one of our acts. They made-do with a band from earlier on the bill who managed to keep the crowd and are now getting great exposure.’ She looked to the ocean, ‘I’m screwed! I gotta get to the hotel and sort this out – I image everyone’s furious.’
As Lucy trudged off the beach Nick’s concern switched to impish excitement; he turned to Konrad and nudged his arm cast, ‘That true about Corsica Coleman?’ he asked bouncing in front of him with baited breath. Konrad was about to answer but was interrupted by Lucy returning to give Nick a passionate kiss.
‘Sorry! Have a great day, I’ll call you later.’ she said feeling slightly lifted and hurried to smooth things over with the countless people currently miffed at her.
‘So?’ Nick pressed, returning his attentions to his bedraggled friend.
Konrad smiled, displaying teeth full of grit; he spat some out and slapped Nick’s back, ‘Let’s go find your dad. I’ll tell you all about it on the way.’
As the pair walked off the beach onto the promenade a small group of neo-hippies playing music and selling artisan charms and trinkets greeted Konrad like a friend.
‘Hey! Muchacho!’ said a heavily-tattooed woman wearing a tunic and flicking her blonde dreadlocks at him.
‘Como va, tio?’ enthused a juggling street performer in baggy harem trousers, boasting an imaginative array of body-piercing.
Konrad was taken aback by the attention, ‘Very well, thank you. Muy bien!’ he said like a rock star passing through a gang of groupies. With yesterday’s tired clothes and hair spiked like an overslept infant’s, caked in sand from head to toe, Konrad bustled through the over-friendly gang as Nick looked on baffled.
‘I think they think you’re the messiah, Kon!’ he joked as one pretty hippie girl stroked the length of his back and lingered on his buttocks an inappropriate amount of time. Eventually breaking loose and bidding farewell to their new pals, they made their way along the beachfront boulevard to the end of El Médano. They passed the last line of bars and small hotel, the town’s unofficial boundary, and crossed over a hill into the protected reserve – an area of beaches, volcanic cones and home to a network of natural caves and small bohemian community – in search of Ilove Green, Nick’s estranged biological father. They followed an unmade path through an area of elongated dunes and pumice gullies until they saw signs of life; patio furniture assembled outside cave entrances with tarpaulin coverings. A young topless couple appeared from one grotto and regarded Nick and Konrad from a distance as they ventured along the track, arriving at the small hippie hamlet. Nick casually waved to them and they returned the greeting, sitting down to boil water from a gas heater for their morning coffee. As they approached Nick called up to the raised entrance and semi-naked couple preparing half a dozen tin cups.
‘Hello. I look for Ilove. You know Ilove? Astral?’ he said slowly for ease of passage through any troublesome language barriers.
‘Yes, mate.’ the man shouted down in an Australian accent, ‘Bit further along.’
‘Thank you.’ Nick called back.
‘Actually, can you take ‘em these?’ he asked, and ambled down the rocks with two mugs. Nick took the steaming beverages, gave a respectful nod and carried on the path; they passed more rudimentarily edifices and groups of scruffy inhabitants before the sound of a guitar and shrieked-singing grabbed Nick’s attention.
‘I know that version of Lennon anywhere.’ he said as they got closer and a semi-recognisable interpretation of Imagine reverberated around the gully. They arrived outside the cave and stopped, uncertain what to do next.
‘Can I help you?’ shouted an ageing woman with silver split-ended hair hanging wet clothes on a line. She walked down to them and placed a tender hand on Konrad’s shoulder, ‘Hello brother.’ she said mistaking him for a hippie. She turned to Nick, eyeing him up and down, ‘Are they for us?’ and she grabbed the coffee mugs from his hands.
‘I’m looking for Ilove.’ he said.
‘Are you now? And what do you want him for?’
He looked into her eyes, failing to hide his disdain for the person who’d replaced his mother so quickly, ‘I’m his son.’
Astral stared back, examining his face; without breaking eye contact she shouted out the side of her mouth, ‘Ilove! Can you come out here?’ There was a moment of stillness as the singing stopped, followed by loud tutting and profanity-filled rummaging, then the tarpaulin lifted to reveal a wiry, bald man with long white beard; he stopped short at the sight of Nick.
‘Ah… the protestant son returns.’ he said dryly.
‘Don’t you mean prodigal?’
‘Depends on how you view ungodly changes.’
‘I wondered how long it would take for you to bring that up.’
‘I know! I never fail to disappoint – I’m consistent like that.’
‘And was it really as bad as you eloping the second Mum died?’ he fired back; a broad grin stretched across Ilove’s lined face.
‘Bloody great to see you, Nick!’ and he rushed forwards to embrace his stiff son. ‘What are you doing here?’
‘We couldn’t visit the island without looking you up.’ Konrad said.
‘Kon-radical! Crikey! How are you, brother? What happened to your arm?’
‘The result of city living I’m afraid.’
‘You still saving the planet?’
‘Trying to!’
‘Yeh, you look it! Good man! And what about you, Nick? Still slaving away for The Man and that Italian Rottweiler of yours?’ he teased; Nick was unsure how to answer.
‘Actually he’s doing neither now.’ Konrad kindly stepped in.
‘Good!’ Ilove said, slapping Nick across the shoulder blade, ‘About time you stopped bowing down like an obedient dog!’
‘And live free like you?’ he asked sarcastically, eyeing his father’s cave front. Ilove exposed his sparse, discoloured teeth and cackled like a demented wizard; he playfully punched Nick’s arm, ‘That’s the spirit, my boy!’ Nick looked at him oddly. ‘Hey, isn’t it your birthday today?’
Nick was amazed, ‘You remembered?’
‘He remembers everything, Nick. He doesn’t stop talking about you.’ Astral confided, smiling sweetly at him. Konrad’s eyes widened and he began to curse under his breath.
‘Unlike my best friend!’ Nick joked.
‘I am so sorry, Nick! Happy birthday mate.’ he said ashamedly, ‘I haven’t exactly had the best start to the day!’
Nick put his arm around him, ‘I know, don’t worry.’
‘You wanna come up?’ Astral invited. ‘I think we have some vegan stew left.’ Nick considered the invitation but was pleased when a better idea formed from his reluctance; he turned to Ilove and Astral.
‘How about a birthday breakfast out?’
‘If you’re paying, yeh! Lovely!’ Ilove said and tossed his remaining coffee on the path; taking Astral’s hand he lead the way, ‘The protestant son returns!’ he shouted through the gully, leaping and punching the air like a geriatric Billy Elliot.
‘Thank you for doing this.’ Astral said to Konrad as they sat on the promenade wall outside the cafeteria, watching Nick and his dad chatting intimately at the table, ‘I imagine it couldn’t have been easy!’
‘He was a bit reluctant but I could tell he really wanted to.’
‘Ilove always wanted to call; it’s just that things didn’t end well last time.’
‘Well let’s make sure they stay in contact now!’
‘When do you go home?’
‘Tonight.’ he replied.
‘Oh, so soon?’
‘Afraid so – the demands of modern life.’
‘Doesn’t have to be like that, you could think about joining us here.’ Astral said.
‘If things get any crazier I may just do that!’ he semi-joked. A passer-by noticed Konrad’s distressed appearance and threw a few coins at his feet. ‘In fact the idea’s getting better by the second!’ he said collecting the loose change.
Nick paid the bill and the pair joined Konrad and Astral outside, ‘I think it’s only fair that we now sing for our supper – or breakfast as it was.’ Ilove said and went to borrow an acoustic guitar from a friend strumming further down the walkway.
‘You two take a seat, you’re about to be entertained!’ Astral beamed.
‘Oh, you really don’t…’ Nick tried to protest.
‘We insist!’ she said as Ilove returned with the guitar and an impish grin.
‘Well this is really happening.’ Nick said to Konrad, ‘I need a beer for this.’ and he hopped off the wall and returned to the café, taking a front-row seat at a table yards from the imminent concert in his honour. Konrad joined him, ordering two large beers with chasers from the waiter.
‘This is dedicated to my son on his birthday.’ Ilove introduced to no one in particular, clearing his throat and strumming an off-tune C on the guitar. Some holidaymakers enjoying breakfast in the café curiously lifted their heads before lowering them as soon as the singing began, ‘Imagine there’s no heaveeen…’
As part of the impromptu promenade spectacle Astral began to move hypnotically, swaying to the disjointed music and dancing up to intimidated passers-by. ‘It’s easy if you tryyy…’
Nick shrunk in his seat as people gave the troubadours a wide berth; the waiter arrived with their shots which they drank upon contact with the table surface, ‘This is going to mentally scar.’ he said as he hid his face in his hands.
Lucy sat alone on the plane, staring out of the window at the Sun setting behind the dark mountainous outlines of Tenerife and neighbouring islands far below. The bands and their entourage snubbed her in favour of an air of deflated silence and stony stares.
A young couple across from Lucy, clearly on their way down from the previous night’s highs, croaked excitedly about the festival, ‘God, my hangover’s getting worse!’ laughed the man.
‘Mine too, but then we haven’t really slept.’ replied his hoarse girlfriend. ‘Was a brilliant night, I really enjoyed the trip, thank you.’ and she leaned over and planted a tired kiss somewhere near his cheek.
‘I’m glad we didn’t have to suffer Corsica Coleman! That reggae band were brilliant… what were they called again?’ the man asked, trying to stretch out the night’s emotions a bit longer. Loaded’s manager overheard and started to whisper to people around him.
‘Basil Brown’s Booty Town, I think. I really hope they get the attention they…’
‘OH, SHUT UP!’ Lucy shouted across to them.
Nick and Konrad sat together on their flight also looking worse for wear following a day of celebration. Konrad puffed out his slightly-green cheeks and tried to hold in body gas desperate to escape.
‘It’s been one hell of a long day! Hope you had a good birthday, mate.’ he said, and turned into his seat to sleep. Nick was flicking through photos of Lucy on his phone from the previous evening. He looked at Konrad and thought it best to leave his friend rest; he hiccupped and went back to the photos, distracted in a hazy world.
Summer rain poured from the moody night sky as Amanda’s SUV arrived outside her apartment in Camden Square. Samoan Sam was watching from his car parked along the street; he spotted Lucy collect her suitcase which she struggled to lift to the entrance, refusing Amanda’s help all the while.
‘Ah, been away have we?’ he smiled to himself then quickly drove off.
Sam sat outside Nick and Konrad’s apartment on Camden High Street checking for signs of life. Following several nights of unsuccessful stakeouts he’d grown accustomed to long waits and brought a bounty of snacks with him. He reached into the box on the backseat and pulled out a vacuum flask of coffee and a small mountain of sandwiches, then placed his smartphone on the dashboard to watch episodes of Friends.
Sam woke himself by pouring coffee down his leg; he startled and anxiously looked around. As his makeshift TV played the end credits he reached into his stakeout box and tore off kitchen roll to mop his trousers; he then folded his arms and sat back, blinking heavily to help him focus. Further down the street Nick and Konrad were hurrying out of Camden Town tube station, wheeling their bags along the pavement and bickering like an old married couple. As they approached their apartment Sam noticed them and smiled.
‘So you’re back too!’
Found them at last! Taking action…
He sent the message to Josh and reached into his box, removing four stuffed toy horses and a large pair of scissors; a sinister glint flashed across his eyes.
Chapter 12
Heads & Tales
Konrad jolted awake to the surreal experience of finding teddy bear stuffing up his nostrils. He pulled out the puffy polyester filling and noticed his chest and abdomen also covered; he shrieked, pulled down the duvet and saw a sea of stuffing all over the bed, screaming as he noticed the decapitated head of a toy horse by his feet. His cries echoed all over Camden High Street, waking Nick and half the neighbourhood.
‘Don’t be seen with Nick Green!’ read a small note attached to the mutilated, not-so-cuddly toy. He jumped out of bed hyperventilating and reread the strange warning made with glued magazine letters as Nick burst into the room holding a similar horse head and note; Konrad nearly jumped out his skin. Nick began to pace, failing to notice his friend’s distress. He read out the message.
‘Stay free of the other three!’ What the hell does that mean?’ he asked Konrad as stuffing poured onto the bedroom carpet from his beheaded animal.
‘I… I have no idea.’ Konrad replied as he slumped on the bed and took deep-breaths into a paper bag.
Nick stormed over to the window and looked along the street for suspicious characters or unusual activity, ‘Did someone break in here last night?’
‘Well I didn’t bloody do it!’ Konrad shouted back, throwing up balls of stuffing and horse limbs from his bed to make a point.
‘Then what’s going on?’ he asked desperately. During Konrad’s inability to answer Nick’s phone started to ring, ‘Lucy!’ he said with his first smile of the day. It was short-lived. ‘What?’ he exclaimed as Konrad jumped for the umpteenth time that morning. While Nick listened intently Konrad studied his face, growing more anxious by the second. ‘Okay don’t worry, meet me for coffee when you finish work. Speak soon.’
‘What happened?’ Konrad asked, sensing the situation was worse than feared.
‘Lucy and Amanda had heads in their beds too!’ he said, dropping next to Konrad on the bed, ‘They came with a note; Don’t be seen with Nick Green! Why’s someone doing this, Kon?’
He showed Nick his note with the same warning, ‘I don’t know, mate.’
After nervously spending the day at home Nick made his way to the cemetery to visit his mother, always a therapeutic distraction, and he felt himself loosening as he idly chatted with the headstone. When Lucy passed through looking drained from the showdown with her boss she illuminated at the sight of Nick; they stopped to say their goodbyes to Gloria’s marker and made their way to the local coffeehouse.
The pretty barista shifted uncomfortably as Nick entered; he hadn’t called, as promised, and she anxiously looked away. As he approached the counter he studied her suspiciously, briefly considering her a suspect in the horse heads scandal.
‘Hi Nick.’ she said sweetly, ‘Nice to see you.’
‘Yeh, you too…’ he searched his memory for her name; shamefully he couldn’t remember. ‘How are you?’ he added to disguise his mental slip.
‘I’m well.’ and she proceeded to tell Nick about her week in banal length. He saw her charming innocence and felt silly for considering her a possible culprit. ‘And you?’ she asked, snapping him out of his internal pondering.
‘Beset with problems! But I’ll tell you another time. Can we get two cappuccinos?’ he said wanting to sit down and discuss the day’s events with Lucy.
‘YOU DID WHAT?’ Josh shouted down the line from his plush study.
‘You said warn them subtly.’ Samoan Sam replied.
‘Subtly? You just committed two acts of breaking and entering and criminal threatening! And it won’t take a genius to lead this back to me!’
‘They wouldn’t dare, boss. I know these people.’ he said confidently.
‘Then you know that one of them is a renowned lawyer!’
‘She’s running scared, I’ve got this.’
‘No you haven’t! Horse heads and poetry, are you insane?’
‘Yes!’ he answered rashly, ‘I mean about the statement; it’s powerful but absurd – they won’t know what to make of it!’
‘I don’t know what to make of it!’ he hollered. Sofia walked down the hall with a tray of fresh coffee and overheard Josh on the phone; she leaned against the door to eavesdrop. ‘I do know this puts a lot of unnecessary heat on me!’ he said, pacing his office. ‘Look, don’t do anything else for now. Nick’s sentencing is in a fortnight, I want you to lie low. Get out of town for a bit.’
Sofia straightened at the mention of the name, ‘Nick?’ she mouthed.
‘Let’s just hope Lucy stays away and none of this gets back to Sofia. Now bugger off and don’t do anything else!’ and he slammed the phone down. ‘Shit!’ he shouted at the ceiling just as Sofia decided to knock and enter the study with steaming coffee.
‘Here you go, baby. Made you a fresh pot.’ she planted a tender kiss on his cheek and stood behind him to massage his shoulders, pondering what she’d just overheard.
‘But it has to be him!’ Nick protested, burning his lip on the piping hot cappuccino. He scowled at the barista, somehow thinking she’d made it so fiery on purpose.
‘No, it couldn’t be. Josh wouldn’t do something like this. It has to be someone else, who have you upset recently?’
‘Lucy, the only thing out of the ordinary all year was the fight in the pub, when you yourself told me Josh was someone I shouldn’t have messed with! What do you know about him?’
Lucy sighed, ‘Not much really.’ She carefully sipped her coffee as Nick fussed over his burning top-lip, ‘He’s very rich.’
Nick nodded, ‘Yeh, yeh, well-known art dealer, got a big gallery in Soho, I know all that.’
‘I’ve heard he has his finger in many pies; he’s from a privileged background, is very influential, but not nearly as clean-cut as he seems.’
‘So he’s involved in stuff?’
‘So I’ve heard.’
‘Then it has to be him!’ he stated absolutely, thumping the table for emphasis.
‘Nick, he’s big league; professional. Cutting heads off cuddly toys and silly poems isn’t something he’d be involved in. Seems more like a nutty ex-girlfriend…’ she said trying to steer him onto possible scorned lovers, ‘Could it be her?’ she indiscreetly pointed to the barista.
‘No.’ he said tiredly.
‘Sofia?’
Nick shook his head, refusing to entertain the notion, ‘Look, whoever did this broke into two apartments during the night – while we were all sleeping – and didn’t take anything or leave a sign that they were there! I know because I’ve been home all day looking. This was professional, Lucy.’
She considered a moment but dismissively shook her head, ‘No, I don’t buy that it’s Josh. There’s no reason, and he’d never be so stupid as to do something with your sentencing coming up, he’d have to be an idiot!’
Nick threw his hands in the air like a Latin footballer, ‘Then I don’t bloody know!’ he sighed, looking around for an official to administer Lucy with a yellow card.
‘Amanda called the police this morning. I think you should too.’ she said.
‘No, I don’t think so. I reckon the best thing I can do is what the notes say – stay away from everyone.’
‘Poppycock!’
‘Excuse me?’
‘Balderdash!’
‘I’m sorry are we in Victorian London right now?’
She grabbed his hand, ‘Nick, I want to be with you.’
‘Lucy…’
‘Can I come back to yours?’
‘Come back?’
‘That’s what I said.’
‘Is that a good idea? The notes…’
‘Stop worrying, I don’t want to be anywhere else.’ she said tenderly and walked to Nick’s side of the table and cuddled him from behind. He felt a weight of pressure leave his body.
‘Thank you, Luce.’
‘Come on, let’s go!’ and she coolly led the way out of the coffeehouse. Nick sat motionless considering the strange position he was putting his friends in, then selfish desire took over and he got to his feet and hurried after her, waving at the smiling barista as he followed Lucy out the door.
‘So are we playmates now?’ he asked cheekily as they powered along the pavement.
‘What’s that?’
‘Friends with benefits!’
‘Oh, shut up!’ she said, shoving him away. ‘Nick, I want to be with you – even after being threatened by a decapitated teddy bear! What does that tell you?’
‘That you’re crazy?’ he joked, although if he wanted to he could’ve seen that it told him a great deal; instead he chose to concentrate on the sexy proposition and what to say to Konrad when they got home.
‘It’s been a strange day, I just want to relax.’ she said.
‘How did it go at work?’ he asked, putting his arm round her waist as they walked along Eversholt Street.
‘Not bad.’ she lied.
Konrad arrived home from work clutching a stack of newspapers, most thriving on the character assassination of Corsica Coleman on their front pages, just as she’d predicted, following her festival no-show. He sat on the sofa, flicking through the gloomy articles, immorally dissecting every aspect of her person. He opened his laptop and checked her social media pages for updates or comments but she’d opted to lay low. He wished he could contact her, send her a message of support, anything, but such lines weren’t open for general members of the public like him. He decided to at least defend her on some of the more vitriolic online forums – where people felt compelled to tear her down in the most personal ways possible – and make amends for formerly being one such scathing detractor.
He was responding to Bryan81’s assessment that Corsica Coleman was no more than a talentlez haw when Nick walked through the door with Lucy. He looked up from his half-written essay on the merits of a broad mind and English syntax and startled at the pair, eventually slamming the laptop shut and shouting, ‘What is you two morons done? The horse said you don’t be seen together!’
‘Having trouble getting your words out, Kon?’
‘Shut up, you know what I mean.’
‘Konrad, I appreciate it’s been a stressful day but I plan to stand by Nick – don’t you think you should too?’ Lucy interjected.
‘Privately, yes. Publicly, no.’ he said unremorsefully, ‘Until we know who’s doing this we’d be mad to dismiss it!’ and he collected his laptop and trudged to his room; he turned to the pair at the doorway, ‘I’m sorry Nick but you shouldn’t be seen with any of us outside, you’re putting people at risk.’
‘He’s right.’ Nick said, stretching out on the sofa. Lucy went to lie on top of him, elongating her arms around his torso and affectionately rubbing his tense spots with her fingers.
‘Maybe.’ she answered, ‘But like I said before, there isn’t anywhere I’d rather be.’
The following morning Lucy woke to discover Nick missing from bed. She got up, dressed in one of his old T-shirts and found him painting at a decrepit easel in the living room.
‘What you doing?’ she asked, sleepily rubbing her eyes.
‘Painting, Luce! I feel great… inspired!’
‘That’s amazing… what are you painting?’
‘I never say till it’s finished!’
‘Ooh, mysterious! Where’s Konrad?’
‘He left for work. What about you today?’
‘Erm, I took a few days off.’
‘Yeh? I thought they were angry with you?’
‘They’re fine.’
‘Okay, give me a minute and I’ll make tea.’
‘Don’t worry, I’m on it!’ she said and considerately kissed him without peeking at his painting, returning minutes later with a tray of tea and toast which she laid on the table, ‘I just got a message from Amanda. She’s going to spend some time with our mum in Surrey, says she wants a few days without my love-life imposing on her work!’
‘Deserting the sinking ship is she?’
‘It means we can use her apartment if Konrad wants some space?’
‘Konrad’s a girl’s blouse who’d die of nerves if he was on his own.’ he said without looking away from his work in progress, Lucy sniggered and went to put milk and sugar in the tea when she noticed something next to the tray.
‘I take it you haven’t seen his note then?’ she held up a small scrawled paper.
Going away for a few days. Available on mobile. Konrad
‘What a drama queen! Another rat scurrying off!’
‘He’s just scared, Nick.’
‘Poppycock!’ he answered, giving Lucy a playful look, ‘He’s been acting weird ever since that Corsica Coleman thing.’
‘Yeh? How?’
‘Like… happy!’
‘Konrad? Really?’
‘Yeh! I wouldn’t be surprised if he’s gone to try and find her…’
Konrad idly waited for his train to Birmingham at Euston station, in part to heed the advice that he shouldn’t be seen with Nick Green but mostly to visit Corsica Coleman’s hometown and attempt to track down the beleaguered celebrity.
Coincidentally, Amanda was sipping coffee on another platform, venturing south to visit her mother – and also honour the note’s ominous directive.
Even more ironically, the author of said notes, Samoan Sam, was on a different platform wearing a sickly Hawaiian shirt and Bermuda shorts, his feet rested on a large suitcase. Also following orders to lay low he’d booked a two-week holiday to Tenerife – an idea he’s unashamedly borrowed from the group he’d just intimidated, two of which were in extremely close proximity to him.
Josh, unaware of the mass exodus occurring around his interference in Nick’s life, attempted to call his friend and case prosecutor, Harriet Osborne. Her phone went to voicemail; he declined to leave a message. It wasn’t the first call he’d made to her number that day.
Leaving Nick to paint, Lucy also decided to take a trip on her own; she told him it was to enjoy a pleasant stroll in the mid-morning sunshine and stop somewhere for coffee but she actually went to visit the cemetery and be alone.
Chapter 13
Days & Weekends
‘So now I feel really conflicted, I don’t know what to do.’ Lucy said to the shiny black headstone in front of her, ‘I wish you could give me a sign or something, is that nuts?’ She looked up at the brilliant sunshine powering through a thin layer of cloud cover and causing her eyes to stream, adding to the genuine teardrops she’d shed. She rearranged the fresh flowers and carefully wiped the inscribed granite:
To the dear memory of
Christopher Hastings
1986 – 2014
Forever in our hearts
‘If it’s too soon – if I’m wrong to feel this way about Nick – please, please let me know; I feel outside of myself at the moment.’ she confided to the physical remnant of her best friend and love of her life.
Her memory drifted to the fateful New Year’s Day when holidaying in Rome; the red Mercedes that veered round a backstreet bend, catching the happy couple by surprise following a romantic meal; the blurred violent flashback of Christopher shoving Lucy clear, leaving himself with no time to escape; the gut-churning sound when life changed beyond all recognition; her entire future fading as she cradled him on the cobbled street, watching the fateful sports car speed from view; the surreal night in hospital when her worst nightmare was realised; the following eight months of pain, despair and day-to-day survival coming to terms with the huge hole in her life; and now guilt and mixed emotions over the return of some happiness with someone new and not the man she’d built her dreams around, lying in the ground beneath her now.
‘I owe you everything. I wish I knew what to do, how to feel…’ The tears returned, only this time not because of light sensitivity.
‘Someone’s asking questions, I have to step back.’
‘Harriet, please…’
‘There’s no more I can do; there’s too much attention on this now.’
Josh sighed despondently, ‘So where are we with everything?’
‘I’ve influenced things as much as I can – we just have to let it play out.’
‘Is a custodial sentence likely?’
‘That’s up to the judge and I don’t know who that’s going to be yet.’
‘Can you still swing that in our favour?’
‘Of course not! Look, I don’t know what’s been going on behind the scenes but for such an insignificant case there’s too many significant people getting involved. I’m sorry Josh but as I’ve said, it’s too risky.’
He paused, his mind searching for a convincing argument but he sensed Harriet was unswayable; he reluctantly accepted her decision.
‘Okay, I’ll call you in a couple of weeks after the verdict.’ He hung up the call and bowed his head in his hands, the stress evident on his face, as was the energy at home since the week’s bizarre turn of events – more than noted by Sofia, whose curiosity had been piqued.
During that week her heightened female intuition knew something was at play, only confirmed by Josh’s sudden interest in Nick and obsessive questioning regarding his habits. It was normal to want to know things at the start of the relationship but now seven months down the line his renewed interest made her suspicious. Since overhearing Josh on the phone and doing some light digging it wasn’t hard to piece together that Nick has assaulted him and not a random mugger. It was also clear that he’d been charged and was awaiting sentencing but she couldn’t fathom Josh’s involvement beyond that, or why it happened and he chose to lie about it. She’d never seen him take on this persona before; could such a successful man really hold a petty grudge and risk his entire reputation on it? It seemed so unlikely, there had to be more; and who was Lucy? She had to play a part somewhere but where did she fit in? Sofia decided the best thing was to wait for answers to come, Josh was starting to be careless and from her experience the combination of stress and pillow-talk often brought to light things which were once kept hidden.
Nick was less intuitive than his former girlfriend to notice Lucy’s contradictory behaviour; too absorbed in his newfound passion for art than Lucy’s conflictive mood swings – one minute pouring adulation on him, the next seeking seclusion, which he just dismissed as typical female hormones. Although Lucy hadn’t told Nick the full truth about her ex, she didn’t hide it either; if he was genuinely interested in her she knew he’d discover it himself.
Konrad’s week in Birmingham was equally inconclusive. Venturing on a Corsica Coleman fact-finding mission the same time as intense media interest was naïve. He visited known haunts and associates but always on the heels of a snooping reporter, meaning everybody was unwilling to offer information. However, the break from London and mayhem surrounding Nick’s personal life was a welcome relief and he used his mini-break to visit Birmingham’s famous canal network and local museums. His heart was empty at not being able to contact Corsica but at least he felt safe – and somehow closer to her.
Amanda, also enjoying time away from London and recent events, not only found a productive streak in the tranquillity of Surrey’s rolling hills, she also found a powerful ally in her concern for Lucy’s life choices: their volatile mother, preparing to visit the capital and have a stern talk with her youngest daughter.
Obsession for loved-ones consumed their week; although coping with events individually, their hopes and worries dominated their thoughts and the need for a prompt resolution to recent troubles was unanimous. With a new weekend upon them the group reassembled in London following their enforced hiatuses and found a more positive vein to the previous week’s drama. There were no further threats or updates on the break-ins and people were content to resume their lives in preparation for Nick’s sentencing and some finality to the period. Ironically, Nick and Lucy, at the heart of everyone’s woe, continued their blossoming relationship with immunity to the intense heat bubbling beneath their feet. During rare moments apart, Nick was engrossed in his private work while Lucy was managing her conflicted emotions and gradually allowing her heart to enjoy the tender intimacy he showered on her. Until the arrival of Mrs. Caulston, who’d journeyed up with Amanda to impart a motherly view on events.
‘Lucy, the man’s a convicted criminal and emotional wreck!’ said her imposing elderly mum in a plum accent. Amanda shuffled in her chair at the kitchen table, somewhat enjoying the parental scolding.
‘You’ve been listening to her too much.’ she said throwing a sullen look Amanda’s way as she made tea, ‘He’s hardly a criminal!’
‘He pleaded guilty to the crime he was charged with – that is the definition of a criminal!’ she said snobbishly, ‘And he could go to prison for it!’
‘Well he’s not a wreck!’ Lucy defended, ‘In fact we’re getting along great, and for the first time in a long time I’m actually quite happy.’
‘So you’re over Christopher now are you?’ Mrs. Caulston said coldly, shooting a spiteful flare in the air.
Lucy’s eyes widened, ‘That is so out-of-order… objection!’
‘Sustained.’ Amanda replied.
‘Then I’ll rephrase…’ Mrs. Caulston paced the kitchen space, ‘What do you think he would make of this union?’
‘I don’t know, he’s dead!’ she answered angrily and felt saddened by her reactionary remark; she sat at the kitchen table leaving her mum to finish tea duties. ‘I don’t know…’ she said solemnly, ‘But I imagine if he’d seen how I’ve been this year he’d be pleased for me.’ she looked directly at her sister, ‘Wouldn’t you agree?’ Amanda declined to respond.
‘It’s not been easy for you, darling, I know.’ her mum said softly, brushing Lucy’s hair behind her ear, ‘And I’m happy you’re feeling better about things – we both are.’ she placed her other hand on Amanda’s shoulder, ‘But it seems clear you’re attaching yourself to the first person to show genuine interest, and that the man’s a walking disaster!’
‘No he’s not!’
‘Have you told Mum you lost your job because of him?’ Amanda interjected; Lucy and her mother gasped at the same time, for entirely different reasons – Mrs. Caulston’s was one of shock; Lucy’s was out of disgust for Amanda’s interference and being put in the spotlight. It fiercely shone on Lucy’s horrified expression and she fired as many eye-arrows into her sister as possible. Mrs. Caulston waited for a response; she tilted her head and pierced Lucy with a look only disappointed mothers can give their children.
‘It was hardly his fault!’ she explained, ‘It was his birthday and I thought I was finished for the night so I left the concert to take him out – how was I to know the star act wouldn’t show and I’d be needed?’
‘That got you in trouble, that wasn’t why you were sacked.’ Amanda prompted.
‘Wow, you’re on fire today!’ Lucy said through narrowed eyes and turned to her panicked mum, ‘No. That was because I threw a plate at a band manager during last week’s meeting.’ she said, reddening in the face.
‘See!’ Amanda said, rising from her chair and preparing to deliver her closing statement, ‘Do you notice the violent symbology? The clear influence this wild individual has on her? And now she’s unemployed, like him; now she’s aggressive and unstable, like him; and together they’ve managed to ruffle the feathers of some very dangerous beasts – dragging their friends and family into the potent mix. This Bonnie and Clyde fantasy has to come to an end.’ she said, taking her seat after a perfectly-timed circle of the kitchen. The spotlight was again on Lucy.
‘Yes, we are like Bonnie and Clyde – but the beautiful Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway version!’ she said and defiantly folded her arms, ‘Case closed!’ Lucy concluded as the doorbell rang; she sprung to her feet to answer as her mother called back.
‘Oh, this is far from over, madam!’
Nick appeared with a broad grin which Lucy quickly made disappear, shushing him from behind the door, ‘Not a good time, Nick. You have to go.’
‘You messaged me that your mum’s here and I should come meet her, what you on about?’
‘Not a good time; I’ll call you later.’ she said trying to shut the door on him.
‘Who’s that, dear?’ Mrs. Caulston asked, walking into the living room.
‘Oh, it’s no…’ she said as the door burst open and Nick strode into the room with an assured extended hand.
‘Nick.’ he announced brightly. Amanda came into the living room, smirking in anticipation of the motherly ire she was sure would follow. Lucy re-emerged dishevelled from behind the door, cowering as she awaited the same. Instead Mrs. Caulston crumbled like a lovesick teenager at the sight of the striking man in front of her; glowing at his commanding, welcoming manner. She took his strong hand, quivering in places she’d long forgotten about, and he flashed a smile warm enough to thaw a chicken let alone her frosty heart.
‘How delightful to meet you, Nick.’ she said lost in his eyes.
‘That pleasure, Mrs. Caulston, is all mine.’
‘Oh my…’ she sighed with a giggle, slightly weak in the knees – which she put down to arthritis but Amanda knew differently; she grabbed her mother by the arm.
‘Excuse us a moment.’ and she pulled her into the kitchen. ‘What do you think you’re doing?’
‘What do you mean?’
‘You! You’re all… smitten!’ Amanda said, looking her up and down.
‘No I’m not!’
‘That man is a menace, remember?’
‘He seems perfectly well-mannered… don’t judge a book by its cover!’ Mrs. Caulston said sternly.
‘Evidently you already are!’ Amanda replied. She shook her head and led her back into the living room where Nick and Lucy were looking at each other bemused.
‘Will you stay for tea, Nick?’ Mrs. Caulston asked.
‘Only if you’re making.’ he said with a cheeky glint. ‘I bet you have a wonder touch!’ he added, almost laying it on too thick – not that it mattered, he could have said anything and it still would’ve been met with the same girlish titter.
Konrad was also judging Nick and Lucy’s relationship from afar, scrutinising their strange union from the comfort of the sofa, his feet resting on his unpacked weekend bag. He sipped tea from a recently purchased I Love Birmingham mug, fearfully regarding the two severed horse heads still sitting on the living room table. ‘It could never work; they’re playing with fire!’ he pondered, lost in a train of thought that quickly took him to surreal scenes of his own decapitation, with Nick and Lucy stood over his gruesome body laughing wildly. He shook the dark image from his head and turned to the letter on the table. It was under the door when he came home; Konrad Gruber, 222 Camden High Street printed neatly on the back. Hand-delivered; the last time he received a letter like this it was from the local council warning him to remove his Capitalism isn’t Working placard from the window. He grudgingly opened it, surprised to find an elegant hand-written note.
Meet me at The Viaduct Bridge. Four o’clock.
Your lift-mate! x
‘Lift-mate? That can only be…’ He checked the time; it was already five past four. He jumped up and flapped around the room, trying to compose himself and gather his thoughts. ‘Viaduct Bridge, Viaduct Bridge…’ he said, pacing the carpet, ‘Hampstead Heath!’ It was at least ten minutes at a hearty jog to the East section of the large public park, realistically quicker than trying to hail a cab and fight traffic. He breathed deeply and decided the best course of action was to leave immediately and run like the wind. He grabbed his keys and dashed out of the apartment, heading north through Kentish Town.
Konrad pulled up at The Viaduct Bridge and leafy surroundings panting and clutching the left side of his torso with his free hand, his arm-cast tight across his chest. He contorted his face and frame hoping to find instant comfort from the stabbing stitch and distressful breathing pattern he was struggling to overcome. His gaping mouth sucked in as much air as possible, he’d never run so far or fast in his entire life and it was during this particularly unattractive moment that Corsica appeared from behind a large bushy tree, barely recognisable in a tatty tracksuit and baseball cap. Her pony-tail showed her hair dyed black, evidently preferring to not be recognised.
‘Hi tubs! You made it I see!’ she quipped, lightly punching his gut. He pretended it didn’t hurt but the additional jolt to the system – albeit playful – made him nearly vomit.
‘Cors… Cors… Corsica!’ he said through intense wheezing and gave her a sweaty cuddle, which to anyone passing looked more like a tired boxer holding onto his opponent to avoid further beating. Corsica broke the hold and Konrad threw in his towel, he was severely winded and unable to continue. ‘I only… just saw… letter…’
‘Don’t worry, I’m really glad you came.’ she said, taking his hand and leading him along the lush, dappled path and down to pond level. They sat on mossy logs by the water’s edge and looked to the shimmering surface; Corsica casually skimmed pebbles waiting for Konrad to regain use of his faculties.
He watched her a moment, innocently playing by the pond’s majestic setting and a wave of sadness washed over him, ‘All this will be gone soon.’ he said seriously.
‘What?’ she said turning to Konrad and missing her pebble skim a personal-record seven times.
‘They’ve done what land owners around here couldn’t for 200 years and allowed parts of the heath to be developed; all this around the bridge and beyond that brow.’
‘Well it shouldn’t be allowed!’ she said incensed.
‘It never has until now, but money talks louder than ever and oligarchs and big business can do what they like today.’
‘Don’t be silly, of course they can’t!’
‘What hasn’t been bought and rebranded recently?’ he said leaning forwards. Corsica was stumped; she returned to skimming stones.
‘I know you tried to find me in Birmingham.’ she said after elegantly arcing another pebble along the surface.
‘How?’
‘The owner of the fan club you went to see – she’s still my best friend.’
‘Ah, I thought she knew more than she let on.’ he said taking a large sludgy pebble and launching it at the pond surface in hope of emulating Corsica’s successful skims. It sank like an anchor.
‘Thank you.’ she said warmly.
‘Not too stalkery?’ he joked.
‘I wanted to contact you before only it’s been, well, very difficult; the press are everywhere.’
‘So I’ve been reading.’ he said stealing an appreciate glance while she breathed in the scene. ‘You seriously wanted to contact me?’
Corsica searched his eyes for confirmation of her trust; she felt completely at ease in them, ‘I always think of that night in the lift, what it meant…’
‘And what have you decided?’
‘I don’t know.’ she replied looking out to the treeline, ‘I do know that I needed to see you. Spend time with someone… honest.’
‘I’m always here.’ he answered with a relaxed smile; she returned it with a more radiant one and his heart sank like the pebble he just tossed.
‘I’m going away for a few weeks to get away from all the fuss. I fly in a few hours, would you like to spend some time with me before I go?’
‘Of course, Corsica, I’d love to.’
‘Obviously hiding here in the heath – incognito!’
‘Obviously! I couldn’t think of a better way.’ he said to the deep unknown behind her eyes.
Mrs. Caulston was also looking dreamily into a deep pair of eyes, attentively watching Nick sip the last of his tea at Amanda’s kitchen table. He consciously placed the cup on its saucer, feeling the full weight of Mrs. Caulston’s stare, and looked to Lucy for help; she could only shrug back.
‘Would you like more tea, Nick?’ she asked, drawing groans from her daughters, embarrassed by the blatant fawning.
‘No, thank you. I really have to be going.’
‘Of course, you probably need to get back to your painting and finish that latest masterpiece of yours!’ she said, needlessly helping him to his feet and grabbing handfuls of muscle.
‘Thank you everyone.’ he said with a wave to the room and Lucy stood to see him to the door.
‘Good luck with the sentencing in a fortnight.’ Mrs. Caulston said as he turned to leave, ‘I’m sure the judge will see you were provoked by that horrible man. They’ll go easy on a fine young man like you, don’t worry about that!’
‘Thanks Mrs. Caulston.’
‘Oh, stop it! Call me Daphne, please.’
Chapter 14
Hell & Back
Nick and Konrad, besuited and primly-presented, walked out of the grand entrance to Blackfriars Crown Court in shock, stopping short at the steps to contemplate what had just occurred. Konrad unwittingly loosened the grip on his briefcase and it dropped to the floor with a dull thud. Lucy came running out of the court building and stood in front of them with a stony expression, anxiously scanning their pale faces. They were so numbed they failed to notice she was there.
Samoan Sam lazily tanned himself on a sun-drenched beach – enjoying the breeze on his face, soothing sounds of rustling palm trees to his ears, and ice-cold cocktail in his hand – when his tranquillity was broken by the phone. He tutted loudly at the rude interruption and rested his drink on his flattened stomach to answer.
‘Sam? Where are you?’ barked the voice on the other end.
He breathed deeply, trying to block the unwelcome stress shattering his cosy calmness, ‘Laying low, like you said.’ he answered, sitting up straight and spilling the cocktail over himself.
‘I need you back.’
‘Oh…’ he groaned aloud, patting himself down and bemoaning the abrupt turn to the day.
‘Is that a problem?’ Josh shouted, ‘Are you my battering ram or not?’
‘Yes, boss.’ he replied glumly.
‘Then you’re mobilised. Get back here!’
‘It’s not more spy shit is it?’
‘No, we’re past that. I need some bones broken.’
‘Whose?’
‘Tell you when you get here. Hurry up!’ Josh slammed down the phone and marched over to a set of six wrapped paintings resting against his study wall; he set about the artwork with flailing fists and kicks, screaming primevally until a mass of shredded packaging and canvas littered the floor.
Sofia coolly entered the office with a dustpan and brush, pausing to cast Josh a contemptuous look, and without enquiring about his welfare or cause of the mess she quietly tidied the trashed paintings while he rested his hands on his knees, panting for oxygen and revenge.
‘Congratulations!’ Lucy and Konrad cheered, toasting Nick’s outcome with a bitter tequila shot as an elderly karaoke singer lingered on the small stage of the local pub longer than her rendition of Will You Love Me Tomorrow justified.
‘A fine and community service! You lucky sod!’ Konrad teased.
‘Bugger off.’ Nick said, trying to enjoy the freedom and release cascading over him like a waterfall – especially during a welcome break from the karaoke din.
‘Discrediting your own input as luck, Konrad? Unlike you to be so modest!’ Lucy joked.
‘He knows I’m only kidding.’ he said ruffling Nick’s hair and noticing the table’s empty glasses of various sizes and alcoholic associations, ‘More drink!’
‘Next up we have Doris. Could you come up here please Doris?’ called the pub’s rockabilly compère. Doris leaped from her bar stool, jewellery jangling from every limb, and sashayed her way to the stage giving a confident curtsey to the two people who’d bothered to look up. Trevor the compère, sensing something spectacular was at hand, started the song with optimised timing and gave Doris a flattering burst of strobe lighting to accompany the emotional vocal intro, which was delivered with tremendous comedic value. Nick and Lucy burst into laughter on each other’s shoulder as Doris swayed and postured with tuneless arrogance, delivering the song like she was undergoing pubic-depilation with pincers.
‘Why on earth did we come to this pub? Is geriatric karaoke really how you want to celebrate your freedom?’ Lucy shouted over the suffered squeals of I Just Don’t Know What to Do with Myself.
‘It beats bingo!’
‘Seriously, you wanna go somewhere else?’
‘No! I couldn’t think of a better place to be right now!’ he said in awe of Doris’s erratic footwork.
‘That star up there in Cancer… the bright orange one… that’s Asellus Australis.’ Nick told Lucy, sprawled on the public bench they were sharing outside the pub; her head in his lap, looking up at the illuminated night sky. ‘I’ve always liked that one.’ he said with a drunken grin and took a swig from his bottle of beer.
‘Oh yeh, it’s orange!’ she said mesmerised, taking a drag on her cigarette and staring dreamily into the worlds beyond.
‘It’s got another name.’ he said leadingly.
‘Has it?’ she played along, ‘Let’s hear it then.’
‘It’s a special one, the longest of all star names…’
‘I’m ready.’ she replied, quickly tiring of the game.
‘Right, hang on.’ he prepared himself, ‘Arku… Arku-shanan… Arkushanangarushashutu!’
‘Wow!’ Lucy coughed out in a malodourous alcoholic cloud; she hoped Nick didn’t notice, ‘How do you know so much about stars?’ she asked covering her mouth.
‘A hippie background does have some benefits. My mum taught me, she knew every single one.’
‘I bet she was amazing.’ she said, sensing Nick emotionally tensing. She looked up at him; the stars filled the space beyond his head, nostalgia filled its interior.
‘You must think I’m crazy?’ he said feeling exposed; a small tear welled and he patted it away pretending it was a bothersome winged insect in an absurd act to disguise his own humanity. Lucy sat straight, grabbed the sides of his face and kissed him with slightly-painful force.
‘If anything it makes me love you more!’ she said still holding his face, now contorting with confusion and fear.
‘Love?’ he said hesitantly, unsure if his head was in good hands or upon an executioner’s block. In the void of time and indecipherable electrical current that followed Konrad appeared from the pub holding aloft a pint of lager and sloshed half of it down his arm, which then filtered into the cast of his other arm. He shouted across to them.
‘Nick! Lucy! You’re up!’ and he turned a little too rapidly, needing a moment to orientate himself. He regained his bearings and double-stepped into the pub without further delay, banging his arm-cast on the way in.
‘Should I be worried?’ Nick said turning to Lucy.
‘About what?’ she asked nervously.
‘About your mum!’ he prodded a finger in her ribs, ‘She messaged to say congratulations and invited me down to Surrey for the weekend!’
‘I told you not to give her your number!’ Lucy said, reluctantly getting to her feet.
‘She was adamant!’ he stood and straightened his stiff back, ‘I mean, who sends messages on a day like this? You can only say sympathies for your sentencing! or well done for getting away with it! and neither are really appropriate!’ Lucy laughed and he gently took her hand and pulled her into his embrace, shrouding her shoulders like a vampire preparing for the fatal bite. He cuddled into her neck and lost himself, wandering deep off-planet before returning rejuvenated for the job at hand in the present dimension. ‘Let’s go nail this song!’ he said with a glint of cosmic pluck and led her towards the pub bearing his full teeth to the wind.
Nick and Lucy finished I Got You Babe with a pitch-perfect warbled climax and stepped down from the stage, barely big enough to contain them, to a thunderous reception from five of the six people watching. Doris was seething at being upstaged and declined to applaud out of the sheer gall of it all.
‘Bloody kids taking over our pub.’ she said to a wrinkly local she occasionally sang duet with.
‘I rather liked them actually. The bouncy girl had a nice way about her.’
‘Oh, shut up!’ she snapped, ‘What do you bloody know? You do a shit Tom Jones anyway!’
Nick and Lucy joined Konrad at the table where full drinks were waiting.
‘Impressive Sonny & Cher!’ he said trying to applaud with his hindered hand.
‘I didn’t know you could sing that well?’ Nick said nudging Lucy and taking a rewarding glug of something gassy and ill-advised.
‘Or you!’ she said nudging back, ‘You sly old fox! What other talents you got?’
‘Show you later!’ he said taking the innuendo-bait and leaning in for a cute nose-rub.
‘Oi! Pack it in you two!’ Konrad tutted from across the table, ‘Anyway, it was only a tacky karaoke song!’
‘Karaoke is not tacky!’ they shouted at the same time, laughing their way into a long embrace and neck nibble that forced Konrad to look away and make unfortunate eye-contact with Doris the glam-nan. He turned back before she could entice him with a neck-cracking flick of her hair, nearly resulting in paralysis.
‘What else do you sing?’ Nick asked her, eagerly browsing a tatty folder of song options, ‘I bet you do a good Amy Winehouse.’
‘Wow, you really take karaoke seriously don’t you?’
‘Of course, it’s great primal scream therapy!’
‘I’m sure it is!’ she laughed, ‘So what else do you sing?’
‘I have half-dozen safe numbers before things get forced!’ he confessed as Doris straightened her rolls of chains and bracelets and made her way to the stage, seizing the microphone from Trevor like an infant claiming a toy – there’d be no special-treatment lighting for her this time, Doris’s raw energy would have to win through without aid from his arsenal of limited visual trickery.
‘Oi!’ her voiced boomed through the pub’s sound system; Nick saw she was looking directly at him.
‘What?’ he called from the sidelines.
‘We’ll ‘ave a bit of bloody order in this pub!’ she growled into the microphone. ‘How dare you talk through our songs! Look at you all high and happy, probably off your heads on drugs!’ she said, swaying on the small stage and sloshing her double gin and tonic. ‘You swan in ‘ere, into our pub, with your flashing phones and big boobs…’ for some reason Konrad looked down at that comment and not Lucy, ‘…you make me bloody sick!’ she shouted deep into the microphone, optimising maximum feedback. ‘Not you!’ Doris whispered to Konrad as the ringing in everyone’s ears abated; she turned dizzily to Trevor, gave him a smile that appeared more menacing than genuine, and signalled she was ready to launch into song.
‘Certainly Doris!’ he said nervously and started the song before she turned her changeable attentions onto him.
It was unfortunate that Konrad caught Doris’s eye before as he now had to endure I Just Want to Make Love to You with every syllable sung for his benefit, ‘What does she think she’s doing?’ he mumbled, eyes transfixed on Doris and trying to come to terms with the situation. Nick and Lucy, snubbing Doris’s act with a defiant show of public petting – on occasion borderline lewd – broke free and noticed Konrad looking pale and sinking in his seat.
‘You alright Kon?’
‘No.’ he replied, his hypnotised stare inexplicably drawn to Doris’s disturbing performance, ‘I feel a bit sick.’
‘Do you want to leave?’
‘Yes, please.’ he whimpered, ‘Let’s do one…’
The Joshua Arnaud Art Gallery was bustling with activity; equally as vibrant as an opening night full of VIP guests and broadsheet journalists, only without the designer frocks and fancy canapés. The clientele on this particular afternoon were more crass than class, with a preference for black overalls over glitzy labels. Recently-delivered artwork filled the open white spaces and workmen busied with trolleys and forklifts allocating exhibits to relevant halls and wall spaces.
‘Just follow the instructions, it’s all there.’ Josh said to a gallery worker as he handed him a folder, ‘Once they’re on display come and see me about the next phase.’
‘What are we doing with these six?’ the worker asked about the destroyed paintings from Josh’s office lined up against a wall.
‘Ah yes, The Swan Series.’ he said, pacing in front of the smashed pieces, ‘The artist’s most treasured work – and his exhibition’s pièce de résistance!’ he exclaimed with smug proudness, ‘They were sent separately you know?’ The workman shook his head, unsure what to say. ‘For an exclusive show – at my house no less.’ he boasted, further confusing the worker. ‘And were damaged en-route here. Call the insurers and get someone round.’ Josh turned to look at a commotion at the entrance where a large colourful oddity was swamped by men in black overalls, forcefully trying to pin it to the ground; he turned back to the workman, ‘Make sure you ask for Jeremy, he’s very favourable to work with.’ He returned to the noisy disturbance and saw bodies of workers sent splaying by the caged beast within. From the settling dust Samoan Sam emerged unscathed wearing a bright Hawaiian shirt and clutching a broken sculpture.
‘Ah, there you are!’ he said spotting Josh and marched over to him, ‘Sorry, boss. I broke this.’ and he handed him the pieces.
‘Put this with the others.’ he said casually, passing them to his employee, ‘That’s now seven exhibits damaged on delivery!’ He turned to Sam in his vibrant attire, ‘Where the hell have you been?’
‘I was on holiday.’
‘You took two days to get here!’
‘It was a long-distance holiday. I’ve come straight from the airport.’
‘That explains why you look like an idiot.’ he sneered and waved the workman away; he summoned Sam close, ‘Take Tony and go visit Nick Green. Keep it simple, keep it clean and hurt him good, understand?’
Sam’s jaunty demeanour quickly greyed, ‘Really, Nick Green? I thought that was done with?’
Josh ignored him, ‘The usual price. Make it look like he had a nasty fall.’ He playfully grabbed Sam’s left arm, ‘You know, like you did to his mate!’
‘What did he do to you, this bloke?’ he asked curiously; Josh was taken aback.
‘Well, he broke my nose.’
‘I know, I saw the splint, but I thought that was a pub scuffle?’
‘What are you saying?’
‘Just wondered if there was more to it?’
‘Are you questioning me?’
‘No, boss, of course not.’
‘Certainly sounds like it to me!’
Sam scratched his head anxiously, ‘I’m used to scum. I know how to handle them.’
‘And?’
‘It’s just that Nick seems a nice normal feller, I can’t quite get my head round it.’
‘He stood up to me!’ he shrieked in Sam’s face, ‘Okay?’ He calmed and spoke quietly, ‘He stood up to me.’ and he looked to the floor as Sam stared at his pained employer a remarkably long time trying to comprehend what that meant. Josh felt exposed; he looked around the gallery and noticed everyone looking. ‘What are you all gawping at?’ his voice shrilled around the open spaces, ‘Get back to work!’ The workmen immediately returned to their jobs. ‘And you!’ Josh said spitting venom in Sam’s direction, ‘Has your head got round the situation now?’
‘Yes, boss.’
‘Do you think I pay you for your judgement?’ he said indignantly.
‘No, boss.’
‘So go do it!’
‘Yes, boss.’ he replied and saw Sofia sat cross-legged on a leather chair inside Josh’s office, looking at them through the opened door and casually sipping an espresso.
Chapter 15
Hosts & Visitors
‘Corsica!’ Konrad shrieked as he opened the street door; she lowered her cap and scanned the pavement for eavesdroppers.
‘Keep it down, no one knows I’m back.’ she said bustling past and climbing the stairs, ‘Which one is it?’
‘First apartment, door on your left.’ he instructed, brimming with excitement. He checked the street was safe of cameramen and gangsters then followed her up. Corsica entered the flat and saw Nick behind his easel in a darkened corner; they both startled at the sight of each other.
‘Blimey.’ she said breathlessly.
‘You’re…’ he stuttered, wagging his finger at her.
‘Yes, she is.’ Konrad announced, breezing in and closing the door. ‘Now we’re introduced how about a nice cup of tea?’
‘Er, yeh. Lovely.’ Nick replied.
‘Was kind of hoping you’d make it.’ Konrad said, gesturing to Corsica with his eyes.
‘Right!’ he said laying his brush in a wine glass of murky water, and dashed to the kitchen.
‘How was Portugal?’ Konrad asked, distracted by her sparkling eyes and relaxed demeanour.
‘Quiet!’ she said and gave him a spontaneous hug, clinging on like a wife welcoming her husband home from a lengthy war. He cuddled back but was somewhat overwhelmed by her body weight. ‘It’s great to be back though.’ she said finally releasing him, causing him to spring like a coil. ‘Things are calming down, I’m already forgotten!’
‘Hardly!’ he argued, rubbing his neck, ‘They’ve gone from running you down to guessing where you’re hiding. You’re still daily news.’
‘Yeh, but Coco Monroe’s wedding is next week so they’ll soon move on. I’m staying with an aunt in Berkshire until I decide what to do next, which is why I’m here now!’
‘Great, well let’s go somewhere and talk.’
Leaving Nick alone to paint, Konrad and Corsica went to his propaganda-filled bedroom with tea and a small plate of chocolate digestives.
‘So how have yer been?’ she enquired, dunking a biscuit in her cup and regarding the gloomy images of deforestation and human destruction stuck to the walls.
‘Good!’ he answered brightly. ‘Nick got a light sentence, we’ve had no more threats on our lives and you’re back in the country!’
‘Here I am!’
‘Why though? I mean why here, my place?’
‘I wanted to speak to you about something.’
‘Okay…’
‘About helping you.’ she said sincerely, ‘As you – in a strange way – helped me.’
‘Did I?’ he said like a confused child.
‘Yes!’ she laughed. ‘Like that! That open honesty; I only ever meet people with false fronts.’
‘Okay, so I’m nice, how does that help?’
‘I’m not just talking about your sweetness, Konrad. You’re also passionate and clever and you always want to help others.’
He blushed, unsure where this was leading, ‘Thank you…’ he mumbled, ‘I think you’re pretty amaz…’
‘And you’re impulsive and helpful!’ she interrupted, grinning intrepidly at the ceiling.
‘Again, I’m really grateful…’
‘And I’m going to dedicate my next project to helping you!’ she announced emotionally.
‘Help me?’ he slopped a soggy biscuit down his front and looked at her like she was a tough crossword puzzle; she felt slightly shot-down.
‘Well, you, the heath, the trees…’ she explained weakly.
‘I’m really not following.’
‘Remember I said I didn’t know what I wanted to do next, and that meeting you meant something important?’
‘Yeh…’
She looked to the far-off distance, ‘And then you invited me to Viaduct Bridge…’ she said losing herself in romanticised recollection.
‘Actually you invi…’
‘Then you led me down to that lovely pond…’
‘Again, that was …’
‘And told me that horrible story of how it will soon be gone.’
‘Yes, that I actually did do.’
‘And I want to help you save it!’ she said girlishly.
He appeared more baffled than excited, ‘Save it? How?’
‘Give a little weight to the cause.’ she replied. ‘A known celebrity attached, bit of razzmatazz and all that.’
‘Cause? Look Corsica, there is no cause. The City of London Corporation own the land and are developing it – it’s gone through, no more can be done about it.’
‘What about protesting?’
‘We did.’ he said, feeling like he was bursting her balloon, ‘There was some local opposition but it was mostly kept out of the media and the fat cats won. They even got most of the locals believing the development will be an endearing addition to the park and artistically in keeping with the natural surroundings!’
‘What?’
‘Exactly! Artistically in keeping – what does that even mean?’ he scoffed as they both lingered dangerously on their digestive dunks.
‘What are they going to build there?’
‘A themed village secluded in the middle of Hampstead Heath offering walkers a refreshment stop – undoubtedly with every corporate coffeehouse franchise at hand!’
‘Sounds like a naff Disney World!’ she said, losing half a biscuit to the inside of her cup.
‘Worse than that, you know what they’re calling it? The Village in the Heart of the Heath. That’s a real thing; I’m not making it up!’
‘You must be!’
‘I know!’ he said and tried to eat a dipped biscuit before it sploshed in his mug, sending splash-back onto his shirt. They both laughed until the weight of the subject called Corsica round.
‘The owners, this corporation thing, is that even real?’
‘Yeh, they govern the City of London, the financial sector and much of London’s green spaces. They’ve always enjoyed special privileges due to history and influence over the capital.’
‘Then we hit them directly.’ she said, the seed of an idea spurting in her mind.
‘Easy Corsica, I’m not a tree terrorist…’
‘No, you idiot.’ she said rising to her feet with her fists clenched, ‘We create awareness and start a fresh campaign – bring this to the attention of the whole country, not just the lame locals who bent over and allowed this to happen!’ she announced with the powerful air of an ancient queen. Konrad felt emotionally stirred, wanting to contribute to the brainstorm session on halting the McVillage in the Park but was some way behind her revolutionary train of thought; he tried to catch up but the catalyst had left the station.
‘How could we achieve such a thing?’ he asked like a royal subject in awe of his sovereign. Corsica was caught cold by his instant faith – she had to think on her feet.
‘We stage a benefit – a concert – in the park itself.’ she began hesitantly, ‘I can help attract artists.’ she added, the vision slowly forming in her head. ‘Obviously I wouldn’t be involved beyond promotion, it wouldn’t be a celebrity concert of glorified karaoke singers – nor a massive rockfest otherwise it would have to be staged elsewhere – we’d get the best up-and-coming live acts available and make it as authentic and credible as possible.’
‘Yes, yes, I like it!’ he drooled.
Corsica raised her chin with self-congratulation and strutted Konrad’s room like a peahen bearing her cleavage of plumage to a male suitor; he was overawed by her splendour, ‘We’ll approach the authorities and tell them it’s in aid of environmental awareness or something like that, while behind the scenes everything will be organised to attack plans to corporatise the area.’
‘Sneaky!’ he said.
‘At the very worst we hold an amazing concert and bring some important issues to the attention of a lot of people; at best we achieve that and get to preserve our beautiful corner of the heath!’
Konrad mulled the idea searching for pitfalls; maybe it was his overpowering attraction for Corsica but for once in his life he was unable to find fault in something, ‘I think I…’ he paused; sentimental-lust nearly causing him to blurt out something foolish, ‘…I think you’re amazing.’ he corrected, addressing his hormones.
‘Really?’
‘Yes!’ he said also getting to his feet and pondering the plan, ‘Plus this could be really good for you.’ he took the baton of dreamy optimism from Corsica and paced the floor-space she’d just worn down. She sat on the bed and helped herself to another biscuit; it was her turn to pay admirable attention and hang on every utterance. ‘As you predicted, your solo career bombed and you’re experiencing a massive drop in popularity – while the media and moguls who control your career seem intent on bringing you down – you’re supposed to skulk off and do tacky celeb shows and open supermarkets now, but this is a different route…’ he said scratching his chin with his strapped hand. ‘It would be ridiculously self-important to attempt a massive campaign for world hunger or something – no offence but you’re no Bob Geldof!’
‘Accepted.’
‘But a smaller benefit promoting live acts for a local cause with national appeal… that’s ballsy!’ he said with a cunning grin.
‘Should I get my people to make enquiries?’
‘Why not? And maybe speak to my friend, Lucy – she’s a music promoter who knows the scene and best new acts around.’
‘Perfect!’ Corsica beamed. The doorbell chimed around the apartment, vibrating into Konrad’s room and shattering their scheming. Nick shouted considerately from the living room.
‘Don’t get up, I got it!’ and he downed paintbrush to answer the door. He nearly collapsed when he saw Sofia on the other side, elegantly stunning in a hugging red summer dress. He staggered back and stared long and hard, emotions and memories exploding round his mind like fireworks.
‘Hi, Nick. How you been?’ she asked after a patient pause to allow time to buffer his shock.
‘What are you doing here?’ Nick asked, messily squashing a teabag against the side of a mug, ‘Sugar?’
‘No, thank you.’ Sofia replied, watching him busy around the kitchen, lost in a confused world of questions. He eventually proffered her the absently-prepared brown drink; she accepted it and put it on the counter, sliding it out of reach.
‘I have some information you should know.’ she said sympathetically, ‘And I was really hoping you could help me with something too.’
‘Help you?’ he sneered, recalling his year of unbearable pain and raising a protective barrier.
‘Nick, it’s actually very important – I wouldn’t be here otherwise.’
‘Well I suppose it must be!’ he answered churlishly, ‘Why else would you break months of silence?’
Sofia ignored his expected sarcasm and said what she’d mentally-prepared on her way over, ‘Two large men, one of them Samoan, are going to visit you very soon, if you know what I mean?’
Nick’s face remained unchanged, ‘How do you know this?’
‘I overheard someone.’
‘Your boyfriend?’ he said catching her by surprise; she composed herself.
‘That doesn’t matter; I just thought you should be aware.’
‘And the purpose of their visit?’
‘It will be ugly, you should get away.’
‘I doubt I need to worry, we’ve encountered their work before.’ he said grabbing a severed horse head from the table and thrusting it in her face; she shrugged at the sorry toy in front of her and looked him in the eye.
‘It’s serious, I’ve never seen him like this before.’
‘Who?’
‘You know who.’ she replied, stepping back and looking to the floor.
‘Josh?’ he said, further ripping the soft toy in his hands. ‘So it’s been him interfering with the case, breaking-in here, and sending threats to me and my friends? Why?’
‘I don’t know. Power-tripping, I guess. You humiliated him, Nick, and he operates in very high circles. You’ve been on top throughout a war he started and you never even knew! It’s been driving him crazy.’
‘This is all because I hit him in a pub and didn’t go to prison for it?’
‘And jealousy – he’s a very competitive man; it’s been like a game.’
‘Now he plays his winning hand and I end up on a drip in A&E?’
‘If you wait around for it…’ Sofia gave him a concerned look then timidly turned her head, ‘Now you have to tell me something.’
Nick straightened, aware it was only right to return her unexpected help, ‘Okay.’
‘Who’s Lucy?’ she asked. ‘And what does she have to do with all this?’
Nick was surprised by the question, ‘Lucy’s my…’ he paused, blocked from admitting his affections for another person to Sofia and fell like a fool into the infinite blackness of his ex’s eyes. His mesmerised gaze dropped to her red lips, smooth olive neckline and pert chest, elegantly-teasing under her flimsy dress. ‘…friend.’ he said dimly.
‘How does Josh know her?’ she pressed, already sure but needing confirmation nonetheless. Nick squirmed in his slippers, he looked at her awkwardly.
‘She was with him that day at the pub. They slept together the night before.’ he said through an apologetic grimace. Sofia merely blinked and gave him a warm smile.
Samoan Sam and Tony stood outside 222, Camden High Street weighing up the scene. Tony was pumped and itching for blood while Sam was drenched in apprehension.
‘Lights are on and I see shadows moving.’ Tony said, nudging Sam in the arm. ‘I reckon it’s good to go in.’
‘I dunno.’ he grumbled, squinting at the building. ‘We should be sure.’
‘He’s up there!’ Tony sneered, looking Sam up and down. ‘What’s up with you? Man-up! We gotta job to do!’
‘He’s no one this bloke – some wannabe artist with nice pals and a simple life – we shouldn’t be doing this to people like him.’
‘What?’ Tony spat. ‘We don’t decide the jobs we just do ‘em!’ He shook his head, laughing at the sensitive henchman’s moment of doubt, ‘Look at you! Aren’t you like Maori or something? I thought you guys were supposed to be warriors?’
Sam’s eyes twinkled and a proud smile creased his lips, ‘Maori! You’re the first person to ever get that…’
‘Do you need to do a rain dance or scalp a buffalo or something?’ he asked seriously. Sam’s shoulders returned to their previously slovenly state and he blew out a dejected sigh. ‘Come on, let’s get this done.’ Tony said, slapping him in the gut to motivate some hardened violence, and he headed to the entrance.
Konrad and Corsica arrived in the living room with empty tea mugs, arm-in-arm and giggling from their giddy plan-making; they stopped short when they saw Nick in intimate conversation with a striking woman in red.
‘Sofia!’ Konrad hissed with notable hatred etched in his sound vibrations, easily deciphered by the group’s currently heightened minds.
‘Corsica Coleman!’ Sofia blurted with notable star-struck admiration emanating from her tones. ‘Konrad?’ she said with a drastic change to apparent disgust, confused at seeing him with Corsica.
‘Nicholas Green?’ Konrad said questioningly, turning to his best friend with a cross scowl.
‘No, no. It’s not what you think…’ he protested as the front door burst open and Tony lunged inside, frothing at the mouth like a rabid tiger; Sam lumbered slowly behind.
Tony’s menacing expression switched to shock at the sight of the foursome in front of him, ‘Corsica Coleman!’ he blabbed.
Sam’s disinterest soared to distress when he recognised the dark beauty next to the celebrity, ‘Sofia!’
‘Introductions are over!’ Konrad growled, leaping forwards and brandishing his arm-cast like it was Cyclops’s club. Tony panicked and stumbled against the wall, knocking a decorative dish brought back from Konrad’s childhood trip to Cornwall. He launched it at the approaching madman and the plate whizzed past his ear, arcing with foreboding flight to Nick’s head – knocking him to the floor and smashing on the carpet, taking with it his consciousness and Konrad’s proud keepsake from a beloved school holiday full of frolic and hope. He charged at the intruders with fearless determination and thudded into Tony’s abdomen like a battering ram, sending him reeling into Samoan Sam who staggered through the door under Tony’s dead weight and Konrad’s impassioned pushing. They stumbled onto the landing and with a final shove of steely pluck Konrad saw them over the edge of the stairs; watching with a satisfied glint as the entangled limbs of his foes descended the steps with a series of cracks and squeals of pain. Corsica ran to embrace her hero while Sofia called emergency services and tended to Nick. As she stroked his hair he slowly came round and looked at her like a dazed puppy.
‘Sofia!’
‘Ssssh.’ she reassured, ruffling his blonde locks. ‘Police and ambulance are on their way, everything’s gonna be alright.’
‘Thank you Sofia.’ he said, snuggling into her ankles.
‘But I have to go. I can’t be here when they arrive.’ she said and tenderly kissed his cheek; she elevated to her feet and glided to the front door, disappearing like a supernatural manifestation of an epiphanic visitor. His heart somersaulted inside his ribcage; he wiped his bleeding forehead and stared after the door, half-expecting the angelic vision to return.
Act III
Chapter 16
Red & Alert
The short glass slammed on the surface with overzealous aggression; lemon slices jumped from the plate and slopped on the bar-top. Nick fumbled for the relieving citrus before shoving a piece in his mouth; he relaxed and enjoyed the soothing effects like applying a dock leaf to a nettle sting.
‘I hate tequila!’ he said through a bittersweet squirm, scanning the trendy club for any well-doers who may have seen his poor show of drinking mettle.
‘Girl’s blouse!’ Lucy said, expertly sinking her shot without the aid of salt and lemon, ‘That’s how you do it!’ She turned to her other squeamish-looking friend, ‘Konrad? Come on, your turn!’
‘Pfff…’ he protested through puffed cheeks void of colour.
‘Oi, you can’t miss a…’
‘I’ll do it.’ Nick said, stepping-in to help his struggling friend with gallant confidence. Lucy was impressed, she disguised it by maintaining an icy stare and gesturing to the barman that more be poured.
‘Hard to imagine he beat up two gangsters isn’t it?’ she said pointing to Konrad, wobbling on his stool. She turned and gave Nick a merry smile, ‘So many reasons for celebration at the moment!’ and she threw her arms around his neck and gave him a passionate if somewhat slobbery kiss; he recoiled and seized on the perfect opportunity to break-off.
‘Tequila!’ he interrupted, turning Lucy’s attention to the new shots on the bar.
‘Goody!’ she giggled and they turned to down the drink with minimal fuss and facial expressions. Lucy gagged slightly but thought she covered it well.
‘Oh my god! It’s them, look!’ Nick said pointing to a couple approaching the bar, ‘Toffee-nose and the tart! What were their names again?’ he slurred loudly.
‘Oh, I can’t remember… Quentin and Nadia?’ she blurted as the couple arrived beside them.
‘Tristan and Lidia.’ the man said as he nestled alongside to order drinks. ‘How are you both?’ he asked disinterestedly, trying to get the barman’s attention.
‘Oh, yeh!’ Lucy laughed. ‘Tristan and Lidia! Do you remember?’ she said to Nick, burning a hole in the back of Tristan’s head.
‘Yeh, I remember.’ he replied and turned his gaze to Lidia; his hateful emotions instantly reversed.
HAIR: Long and dark; good enough! – Likeness Match: 10/10
FACE: Blurred but great! – Likeness Match: 10/10
HEIGHT: Can’t tell, don’t care! – Likeness Match: 10/10
BOOBS: Fantastic! – Likeness Match: 10/10
ARSE: Also phenomenal! – Likeness Match: 10/10
LEGS: Smooth and two – bingo! – Likeness Match: 10/10
SCENT: Dirty! – Likeness Match: 10/10
OVERALL: Sofia! Sofia! Sofia!
‘Hey you!’ he said to Lidia with a cheesy smirk; Lucy noticed the testosterone levels rise a notch and thunderous jealousy fell over her. ‘Looking good there, Labia!’ he added; folding his arms, leaning back, and nearly falling off his stool. Konrad observed in a semi-conscious doze, also trying to maintain balance.
‘Lidia!’ she corrected, ‘Thank you.’ and she started to blush under the weight of his stare. Lucy felt disappointed by Nick, smitten at the sight of a typical Sofia lookalike; she regarded Tristan, the once-perfect replica of her ex, sizing every inch of his frame.
HEIGHT: Not Nick’s – Likeness Match: 0/10
HAIR: Not Nick’s – Likeness Match: 0/10
FACE: Not Nick’s – Likeness Match: 0/10
GLASSES: Nick doesn’t wear them – Likeness Match: 0/10
BUILD: Not Nick’s – Likeness Match: 0/10
ARSE: Not Nick’s – Likeness Match: 0/10
SCENT: Not Nick’s – Likeness Match: 0/10
OVERALL: Not Nick.
She huffed and turned to find Nick smiling at her and pulling her in tightly. Tristan and Lidia walked off with their drinks and found a secluded table far from their strange former love-interests.
‘I thought you were all taken with that girl then?’
‘Yeh, she’s hot… but she’s not the one.’ he said with a wink and slammed his tequila like it was serum for everlasting happiness.
‘Are you upset I got a bit jealous?’
‘Not at all.’ he said with a hazy expression, ‘If anything it makes me love you more!’
Lucy’s eyes illuminated, ‘Really?’ She wrapped her arms around him, energy pouring into her very being and lifting her somewhere giddy above the clouds. ‘This is the best week ever! If I find a job as well that would just be unbelievable.’ she said holding up her shot glass, and started to down it in one.
‘Oh! I got you a job.’ Konrad said through a disguised burp.
‘What?’ she garbled mid-tequila, burning the inside of her mouth.
‘Yeh, you’ll be organising a small concert with Corsica Coleman. Interested?’
‘Are you joking?’ she said wiping the splatter-marks off her long red dress with her hand.
‘We’re gonna save Hampstead Heath! Stage an environmental awareness gig with some cool new names and make a bit of a statement.’ he said with a proud drunken grin. ‘Some of Corsica’s people have a meeting about it next week.’
‘That sounds amazing!’ Lucy said, shining as bright as her dress.
‘She wants to meet you about it.’
‘Corsica Coleman wants to meet me? About organising a concert?’ Lucy felt a tremendous urge to jump for the stars, ‘This is the best week ever!’ she shrieked, unable to leave the floor in her high-heels, although the lack of lift-off did nothing to dampen her glee.
Josh sat dejected on the carpet, slumped against the bed – his hair and clothing unkempt, distress etched on his face – pleading with Sofia as she busied around the bedroom and en-suite gathering belongings in a sports bag.
‘Okay, baby, I admit, it went a bit far.’ he said with soft tears building, ‘I’ve been acting weird, but it’s done now. It’s all over, babe.’
‘You’re only saying that because your guys were caught!’ she fired from inside the wardrobe.
‘No, baby, I’ve been distracted and under a lot of stress – a lot of negativity festering inside.’ he said seeking sympathy. ‘Let’s take a holiday together; just you and me, somewhere far away, leave all this Nick nonsense behind us…’
‘That’s why you think I’m leaving you? Your pathetic attempts to bully my ex?’ she asked over her shoulder.
‘Isn’t it?’ he asked like a wounded animal somehow knowing the fatal shot was about to be fired.
She considered her answer and turned, looking down at him like a flaming goddess scolding a cowering sinner, ‘You’ve made Nick Green’s life hell; you broke Konrad Gruber’s arm; and Samoan Sam and Tony are going to spend the coming months looking at the walls of hospital rooms and prison cells – but the name that really sticks in my throat from this whole mess is Lucy Caulston.’
Josh’s shoulders slumped like a robot being switched off. He looked up with sodden eyes, willing a million apologies directly to her heart. Words, he knew, were utterly pointless, it was time to admit defeat on all counts and stop resisting the fall he’d setup for himself. For the first time in his life hereditary privilege, wealth and control over others couldn’t give him what he wanted and the frustration of failure was debilitating. He stopped clinging and allowed the long fall into darkness.
Sprawled beneath the Statue of Eros, illuminated by the neon signs of Piccadilly Circus, Nick and Lucy took in the glitzy late-night energy of London’s Theatreland. Gleaming black cabs carried scores of primly-dressed revellers to nearby homes and hotels, while human traffic on the West End pavements was relatively absent, affording them intimate privacy. The summer starry night shone as bright as the advertising signs splashing the streets with shimmering swatches of colour. It was like a picture book setting for a principal love scene; an analogy not lost on Lucy, absorbing every second like she was the leading lady in a romance story, twiddling with the hem of her dress and staring into her leading man’s eyes.
‘So!’ she started brightly, interrupting the pensive serenity of the moment, ‘We got Josh off our backs, I have an amazing new job and you told me you love me!’ she pressed herself against him and nuzzled into his chest, ‘Guess we’re getting quite serious, huh?’ Nick was paralysed to answer, his mind chose this inopportune moment to spring Sofia’s visit to the forefront; what about the feelings he had then? The long-held belief that Sofia was his soul-mate? He wasn’t sure what he felt for Lucy amid the resurfacing emotions surrounding his ex.
‘Yeh.’ he replied noncommittally.
‘I’ll never forget this night.’ she said with the broadest, sweetest smile she’d worn all year. Her flowing red dress and long auburn hair enveloped his shrinking frame, sucking out his certainty and leaving a nagging void of doubt. ‘I feel so happy, Nick.’ she cooed into his neckline.
‘Uh huh.’
‘I don’t think I’ll ever take his dress off!’ she joked. ‘Well… maybe later, just for you!’
He laughed and subconsciously wandered off to a different time and place.
It was somewhat fitting that Nick chose such a beautifully landscaped outdoor setting to paint his largest canvas yet – a whopping frame too big to carry, supported by a crudely-fashioned structure with wheels that served as an easel and transporter in one – but it was perhaps slightly odd that the scene should be dominated by tombstones rather than inspiring treelines or a glistening water’s edge. He propped the bulky frame along the length of his mother’s grave, intruding as little as possible on neighbouring plots, and set out the few items from his backpack; a large paintbrush, one can of black paint, two tins of red.
‘Morning Mum.’ he chirped to the headstone as he took in the fresh scent of cut grass and viewed the surrounding gardens, eager to start the job at hand. He opened the red paint and with the thick brush he thrashed around the canvas, joyfully skipping across its broad length and generously slopping paint in a state of artistic expression. Within minutes he’d finished both red cans and opened the black; he wiped the brush clean and carefully added sweeping strokes, outlines and incisive dabs to the imposing frame. Several minutes later and he’d finished completely; he dropped to the grass next to his mother’s headstone out of breath.
‘Ahhh, I needed that!’ and he enjoyed a moment’s sunlight upon his face before turning to dig up the marijuana hidden beneath the soil. He stopped when he noticed Lucy powering through the cemetery and ran to greet her.
‘Hey! What are you doing here?’ he said as startled her from her thoughts. ‘You’re not working at the moment.’
‘Yeh, but I still need to get the tube.’ she lied, thinking on her feet, ‘I’m shopping in town. What about you? I didn’t know you were coming today?’ she said deflecting the focus on him.
‘Needed an open area to paint that!’ he said pointing to the back of the huge canvas obscuring a section of the graveyard, including his mother’s area.
‘Ooh! Can I see?’
‘No, not quite finished.’ he said with a wink.
‘Wow, it’s enormous! And lots of red paint – what’s the theme?’
‘The Red Queen.’ he answered proudly.
‘So that’s for a long dress?’ she guessed, forming a visual in her mind.
‘Enough! It’s work in progress!’ he gave her a heartfelt cuddle and squeezed her waist tightly.
‘Where do you put them all?’ she asked as he coiled around her, still eyeing the large painting from over his shoulder and admiring the effort gone into its inception.
‘What?’
‘All these pictures and paintings you’ve been doing lately.’
He broke off the cuddle and looked at her seriously, ‘With all my others.’
‘And where’s that, dumbass?’
‘Obviously no room at the flat so I have to store them.’ he answered vaguely.
‘Well if you’re not interested in telling me…’ she said with her nose in the air, pretending to walk away.
‘Don’t be silly!’ He pulled her back, ‘They’re downstairs; we’ve got a storeroom in the garage. Why?’
‘No reason.’ she said with a smile, and they looked sweetly at each other. ‘Anyway, I gotta be heading off. New clothes aren’t going to buy themselves!’
‘Yeh, suppose I better get back too.’ he said gesturing to his erected art kit. ‘Will I see you later?’
Her face saddened, ‘Sorry, not tonight. I’m having dinner with Amanda, we haven’t seen each other in ages.’ she said apologetically.
‘True, suppose I haven’t spent much time with Konrad lately either…’ he pondered. Lucy pecked him on the cheek, bringing him back from his mental planning.
‘I’ll call you later; we’ll do something nice tomorrow.’ and she turned to leave, ‘I love you!’ she mouthed over her shoulder, forming a heart-shape with her forefingers and thumbs, and skipped along the path. Nick ambled to his mother’s plot, stopping to admire his large-scale artistic outburst with folded arms.
A well-dressed man walking on the path regarded the painting and artist proudly inspecting his own work, ‘Very nice that.’ he called as he passed.
Nick turned in surprise, ‘Oh, thanks!’ he offered with a friendly wave.
‘Beautiful woman!’ he quipped, returning the wave. Nick absorbed the compliment, allowing it to rest warmly in his tummy and fill him with momentary self-worth.
‘Yes, you are.’ he said to the painting, ‘Now to get you home.’
Rocking and swaying as Nick pounded through Camden’s streets, the huge canvas proved dangerously challenging as he pushed the cumbersome contraption over busy crossings and through crowds of people, building in numbers since his journey earlier that morning. He waited alongside scores of suspicious pedestrians at one crossing, drawing further ire when his rudimentary transporter capsized like a sailing boat, nearly flattening a dozen people and forcing them to scatter among the cars. The manly assistance of several well-doers was needed just to bring it under control again.
‘Thank you!’ Nick said humbly to two large men who came to his rescue. ‘Sorry!’ he shouted to the many others, hiding among the traffic and casting him hateful looks, ‘Is everyone okay? I’m truly sorry.’ he said wheeling the painting away with the help of the two men, balancing the flopping frame at either end and choosing to assist through common civil-decency, obvious safety factors and sheer amazement at it all.
‘Beautiful woman.’ one said to Nick as they pushed along a bustling pavement, parting the people like the bow of a boat parting waves.
‘I know.’ he replied.
‘So you’ve been well?’ Nick asked sympathetically, taking the remote control and lowering the volume of the documentary Konrad was watching.
‘Yeh, fine.’ he replied, glowering at the remote in Nick’s hand and under his control.
‘Corsica? She well?’
‘Yeh, fine.’ he answered, listening to the documentary’s intensifying narration.
Nick sat straight on the sofa, bouncing excitedly to regain Konrad’s attention, ‘And are you guys…?’ he asked with unsubtle suggestion. Konrad glared at him, grabbed the remote and pointedly turned up the volume. ‘Sorry Kon, I meant, is your friendship good? You keeping in contact over this concert thing and all that?’ he continued, stretching the small talk thin.
‘Yeh.’ he answered, ‘Fine!’
‘It’s an unlikely pairing!’ he confessed, slightly laughing to obscure its potential offensiveness; Konrad was nonplussed, staring at the screen. Nick snapped, snatched the control and turned off the television, ‘God mate! We haven’t spent any time together lately, I was only trying to… bond or connect or whatever it is.’
‘What do you mean? We see each other every day!’ he answered, surprised by Nick’s bruised sensitivity.
‘True…’ he pondered, ‘But not just me and you.’
‘Well, mostly! Lucy’s around sometimes, but she’s cool.’
‘So we’re good then?’ he asked, confused by Konrad’s flippancy.
‘Nick.’ he said intently, placing a firm hand on his thigh and looking him in the eye, ‘We’re fine!’
Nick wore a relieved smile and tried to engage with the documentary absorbing his friend’s concentration; after a moment he grew tired, ‘Fancy a pint?’ Konrad ignored him. ‘Try that new bar down the road?’
‘What I fancy…’ Konrad asserted, ‘Is to comfortably sit here and enjoy this interesting programme on global poverty.’
‘Fine! I’ll go paint in my room!’ and he got up, passing the front door as it rang; he stopped to answer, caught cold by the sight of Sofia for the second time that week. Even Konrad turned from his documentary, casting Nick a look that burned to the core.
‘Hi, Nick.’ she said softly, running a finger through her hair, ‘Is there somewhere we can talk?’
‘Do you wanna go for a drink?’ he offered, excited at the prospect of leaving the flat.
‘I’d rather not if that’s okay.’
‘Sure, of course… well, come through.’ he stepped aside and gestured the way. As he followed Sofia to his room like a lovesick stalker he turned to Konrad, who communicated his immense disapproval through a variety of facial tics, flared nostrils and vengeful thoughts.
Chapter 17
Dig & Dirt
‘You wanted to see me?’ Lucy said at the front door.
‘Yes, yes, come in.’ Konrad replied, ushering her into the living room. She looked around, noticing the apartment bereft of life.
‘Isn’t Nick about?’
‘No, he’s been out all morning.’ Konrad closed the door and turned to her with a serious air, ‘I want to speak to you about last night.’
‘Oh.’ she said, stumbling to take a seat on the sofa and staring at Konrad with trepidation.
‘Things have taken a dramatic turn and I thought you should be made aware.’
‘Okay…’ she said pushing for him to get to the point.
‘It’s pretty big.’ he forewarned.
‘For god’s sake, Konrad!’
‘Okay, okay!’ he prepared himself. ‘It’s happened, the concert’s going ahead!’
‘Drama queen! You had me going there! That’s great news, Corsica must be ecstatic?’
‘Of course, she called me last night.’ he said, his eyes sparkling as he recalled their lengthy chat – he allowed himself a moment’s reflection. ‘Her team met with English Heritage who run Kenwood House and hold the Live by the Lake concerts – they want a full weekend of performances!’
‘A weekend festival? You’re kidding?’ she said, excitement boiling inside.
‘The current promoters pulled out after making losses last year and the organisers are left without a programme.’
‘Konrad, if an established company failed to sell tickets what chance have we got this late in the day?’
‘That’s what I said!’ he answered proudly, confusing her.
‘I thought you wanted to do it?’
‘I do.’
‘Are you nuts?’ she said, anxiously pacing and biting her nails, ‘This is all beginning to sound very risky…’
‘After I spoke with Corsica she explained they screwed up because they tried to make it too big. They booked star names to the event for the first time and failed to attract numbers; it’s not that kind of setting, it’s traditionally low-key. They had 20,000 people over three nights, which isn’t bad – they just misjudged the scale.’
‘And what are we trying to do?’
‘Something Worldbeat.’ he said like a visionary having a creative outpour – he even clasped his forehead with his fingertips and narrowed his eyes, ‘Authentic live music from up and coming world acts – like that reggae band who made a name at the Tenerife festival, or some of the better bands you got signed – there’s enough credibility to be involved and world music is so broad that we can have anything we want. Plus with Corsica organising it and still officially in hiding there should be plenty of media interest when she pops up to announce it!’
Lucy considered the prospect a moment, ‘Okay, starting to sound more feasible. When’s she going to announce it?’
‘I’m not sure yet.’
‘It’s already way too late to organise properly, we really can’t afford to delay…’
‘Lucy, don’t worry. It’s the first thing she’ll do when she re-enters the public eye; right now she prefers to start the ball rolling without any attention or unnecessary stress and see how things go. English Heritage gave us ten days to decide.’
‘That’s a good idea.’
‘There’s a kicker to all this too…’
‘What?’ she answered suspiciously.
‘We’re using English Heritage to attack the City of London Corporation!’ he announced proudly.
‘What!’
‘Kenwood Estate is managed by English Heritage, the rest of the heath is controlled by the London Corporation who recently allowed commercial development to go ahead. We’re basically throwing muck at the whole gluttonous affair from our safe corner under the full glare of locals and world media!’
‘To what end?’ Lucy asked.
‘To raise awareness that this is going on; to gain support in having it stopped…’ he paused, struggling to swallow an emotion lump in his throat, ‘…and to positively alter Corsica’s public image and make that bitch cool!’ he said, unwisely miming a slam-dunk for effect and nearly yanking his arm from its cast. Lucy considered his words, if not his unflattering corporal expression.
‘From a PR perspective that could really work in her favour!’ she mused. ‘If done right, she could make an enormous statement; at worst she’d still be respected for having gone this route rather than take the easy path – as long as she’s able to cover any financial losses…’
‘She wants you to be her assistant and help book acts, you definitely interested?’ Lucy’s face lit up and he read between the lines, ‘You want me to call and tell her you’re on-board?’
‘Of course!’
‘Great, I guess you can start when you like.’ he said taking his phone, ‘I’ll get Corsica to contact you later with details.’ He called up Corsica’s number, ‘This is going to be a while I imagine.’ he said with an apologetic grimace, Lucy looked at him blankly. ‘Can you let yourself out?’
‘Oh! Sure…’ she said realising her unsubtle eviction and got to her feet. She looked across at Nick’s vacated corner of the room; his easel bare, his pots and palettes empty, and an idea formed. She watched Konrad fussing angrily with his phone trying to redial, ‘Konrad, where’s the key for the storeroom?’ she asked, nibbling her fingernails.
‘Dunno, Nick has it normally.’ he replied, thudding commands into the phone with his chubby fingers. ‘Although I think we keep a spare up there.’ he gestured to a rack by the front door with a dozen keys of nondescript shapes and stages of corrosion.
‘Do you know which?’
‘Hello?’ he interrupted, shouting into his phone, ‘Hello, can you hear me?’ he turned to Lucy, ‘It’s a terrible reception where she is.’ and before she could humour him with a generic response he returned to hollering hello down the line, ‘Can you hear me? Hello? Oh, excellent, you’re there…’ and he wandered off to his bedroom leaving Lucy alone in the living room with a bunch of keys nagging at her loudly; she scanned the apartment one last time then took them from their hooks and made her way to garage level.
Although none of the keys had tags referencing an appropriate door, their storeroom was easy to recognise thanks to the many liberal statements stickered on its front; Greenpeace, Friends of the Earth, CND, their slogans all contributed to covering nearly every square inch. She began trying keys in the lock; third time lucky and she was in. She flicked on the light and was pleasantly surprised by the long ample space, simply painted in white from the floorboards up – remarkably pristine, she thought, considering the entrance and owners. It’s only contents were groups of white bed sheets with jagged corners of neatly-stacked frames protruding through the revealing material.
‘There must be hundreds here.’ she gasped, taking in the piles of paintings and considered care gone into their organisation and upkeep. She noticed the large canvas from the cemetery propped against the wall to her right and gently lifted the corner of the covering sheet; she made out the black outline of a woman’s elegant ankle, swathes of red falling behind her, almost touching the nonexistent floor line. ‘That’s a dress!’ she called to no one in particular and revealed a larger portion of the painting – clearly showing the principal body of red to be an exaggeratedly-flowing gown, tightly-hugging the outlined torso of the voluptuous lady in motion. ‘That’s my red dress!’ she shrieked excitedly and pulled the sheet away completely, standing in silent awe at the imposing image bursting from the canvas into her heightened consciousness. A tear welled in her eye, unfortunately not due to art appreciation as the situation might dictate, but due to a sickening sensation that gripped her insides. ‘It’s Sofia.’ she said, her esteem crumpling to the floor like the white sheet she’d pulled away to reveal the harsh reality illustrated before her. She reached for the nearest row of stacked canvases, whipping away the covers and flicking through each painting, drawing and illustration; then she moved to the next, frantically skipping through the artwork, her heart breaking a little with each scene. ‘They’re all Sofia.’ she said aloud, finally stopping her frenzied stock-check and accepting they were all the same theme. ‘Beautiful woman…’ she said sadly and stared at the blank wall in a daze as her insides crumbled, then she fell to the floor as if shot by a sniper, sobbing into the very bed sheets she wished she’d left well alone.
It was hard for Lucy to eat dinner with Nick, watching him eat every forkful hoping it’d be his last, but she maintained a considered interest and laughed in all the right places while snorting subtly during tender moments. She studied his charming patter and attractive individualism – qualities she found adorable but currently despised – waiting for the right moment to bring up the paintings.
‘More wine?’ he asked as he poured her glass full, ‘You’re a bit quiet tonight, everything alright?’ He sensed the tinge of something unpleasant in the air.
‘Yes, Nick.’ she answered, ‘Everything’s fine.’
‘That’s great – and great news about the concerts, eh? Konrad was telling me.’ He nabbed a potato from Lucy’s plate and ate it in front of her with a cocky grin; she swallowed the temptation to lean across and retrieve it from his windpipe with her fork.
‘So what have you been doing today?’ she asked with semi-interest.
‘Erm, been out painting most the day.’
‘That’s good; you’re really in a flow aren’t you?’
‘I know. I haven’t worked this much in years!’
‘So what subject have you been working on today?’
‘Oh…’ he said surprised, she’d never pressed him for details before, ‘Nothing specific, I’ve been playing with abstract themes lately.’
‘Have you? That’s really interesting.’ Lucy’s fake flattery made Nick uneasy. ‘Can I see some finished pieces?’
‘Soon.’ he stalled, ‘They’re still mostly in-progress.’
‘Are they? A collection of half-finished abstract interpretations of nothing in particular?’ she asked, beginning to bite at his barefaced audacity. ‘It’s okay, you can show me one of the better pieces and I’ll appreciate it’s not 100%.’
‘Oh no, I don’t think…’
‘What about that big one from yesterday?’ she said, recognising the panic in his voice, ‘That’s an interesting one you said was nearly finished – you used lots of red on that. I kind of hoped you painted me in my red dress from our magical night?’
Quickly losing his appetite, Nick laid down his cutlery and stopped eating, ‘I did, babe; at least it will be when it’s finished.’
‘Wow, so it is of me?’ she feigned, he answered with a smile. Lucy’s insides felt like a sack of wriggling snakes; they slithered through her body and strangled her self-control. She jumped to her feet, her chair scraping on the floor, and towered over the table, ‘You bloody liar!’ she cried into his terrified face.
‘What?’ he griped, tensing his body and edging his chair away. Lucy’s anger softened and her shoulders relaxed as the red mist swarming her brain dissipated into a heavy blue gloom. She carefully turned and repositioned her chair at the table, taking her seat and raising her eyes to meet his.
‘It’s Sofia. I already know.’ she said calmly. Nick was unable to contain the realisation hitting him like a tsunami; his mind raced, his pores seeped and his throat tightened like he was hanging by a noose.
‘How could you possibly know?’ he whispered after an awkward pause one might describe as epic. Lucy was about to explain that she took the storeroom key and peeked at the paintings but was beaten by his need to confess, ‘I’m so sorry. I’ve been feeling terrible all day…’ emotion trembled through his body, ‘I can’t believe it happened.’ Lucy sensed they were talking at cross purposes and waited for him to continue, concerned by the colour fading from his face by the second. ‘But I promise you it won’t happen again.’ he said with a tear dropping to his plate and feebly outstretched his hand on the table hoping Lucy might take it in her own. The opposite was always far more likely, especially as she digested the likelihood that he wasn’t talking about the depicted Sofia in his artwork but the very-real Sofia in recent life. While he openly sobbed she searched for things to say to get more information, even though she was painfully aware she probably knew the answers; she decided on short vague questions and hoped for detailed openness.
‘How?’
‘I saw her last night.’ he blubbered like a man confessing under torture.
‘Why?’
‘She’d split up with her boyfriend; wanted to talk…’
‘Where?’
‘Here.’
‘And?’
‘Well, we talked…’
‘Then?’
‘Jesus, Lucy!’ he said dropping his head in his hands, ‘You can guess the rest.’
‘Can I?’ she said looking down at the top of his head, ‘What if I’m a bit cloudy?’
‘What?’ he replied, peering through his fingers like a criminal behind bars.
‘What if I need specifics?’ she asked, fearing she was losing control of the situation.
‘Luce, I… I don’t…’
‘What if all this time – while I’ve been talking, you’ve been talking – what if, right? What if it wasn’t really about the same thing?’
Nick lifted his head like a baffled meerkat, ‘Lucy, I’m not following…’
She waved him away, ‘Okay, okay. Let’s be totally clear here…’ she took a deep breath, ‘You’re talking about sex, aren’t you?’
‘Yes.’ his voice trembled.
‘With who?’
Nick appeared confused; ‘Sofia.’ he answered like it was painfully obvious. Lucy absorbed the confirmation she’d so fervently fished for and felt a peaceful resolve set in. She stood, collected her bag from the backrest of her chair and calmly walked to the kitchen door.
‘I came here tonight to tell you I’d seen your paintings in the storeroom.’ she said, straightening the strap on her shoulder, ‘I was going to suggest help, because you’re obviously still perversely obsessed and I couldn’t be with someone who wanted to be with someone else to that degree, but learning what you just told me, learning that you actually went…’ she stopped to fight back the surfacing disappointment for the man she’d only recently come to love, ‘…with the person you obsess over to that degree. That, Nick, that is unforgiveable.’ and she walked out leaving him lost in the deepest silence he’d ever known.
Chapter 18
Lists & Schemes
Amanda rolled her eyes as she tried to study case files at the living room table, the excitable mumbles and muffled laughs from the kitchen disturbing her concentration. She slipped off an elegantly heeled shoe, admired its beauty a moment, then threw it hard against the kitchen door – interrupting the light-hearted get-together on the other side.
‘We’ll have to keep it down.’ Lucy said, ‘My sister’s a bit tetchy today, think it’s her time of the month if you…’
‘We know what you mean.’ Konrad snapped back. ‘And if voice-volume is a problem then why meet here?’ Lucy lowered her head and without word Corsica knew; Konrad, lacking such empathetic senses, glowered for a suitable response, ‘Well?’
‘Because I’m never stepping foot in your apartment again nor do I ever want to see your room-mate!’ she said with enough bite to remove Konrad’s thirst for detail. ‘Now let’s finish up otherwise my sister will be in here brandishing a blunt instrument.’ Konrad looked at her sceptically. ‘I’ve seen it before!’ she warned.
‘Don’t worry, we’re nearly done, plus Corsica needs to get back to her aunt’s.’
‘Yes, and thank you for all your work; I can’t believe how well things have started!’ Corsica beamed, suspending Konrad’s concentration for a fantasy-filled interlude; he gazed besotted like a student admiring a hot teacher. ‘Three confirmed and several interested – that’s amazing!’
‘Persuading a band manager you threw a plate at was particularly impressive.’ Konrad said, returning to the conversation.
‘He’s not stupid; he knew a good opportunity when he heard one! These people don’t have principals when it comes to money and exposure!’
‘Plus you convinced Basil Brown’s Booty Town!’ Corsica said. ‘I heard they did really well covering for me during my elevator-awakening!’ she gave Konrad a playful wink.
‘They didn’t need much convincing when I said we wanted them to close the festival on Sunday night!’ Lucy said proudly.
‘So we have one headline act plus Sacred Simplicity and Loaded confirmed – all we need are twelve fresh newcomers spanning every international genre and we’re good to go!’ Konrad said inappropriately, drawing sharp looks from his optimistic counterparts.
‘We have five weeks, a great start and Corsica’s long-awaited return and announcement – we’ll fill this bill in no time!’ Lucy said high-fiving Corsica with as much girl power as she could muster. It naturally seemed like the perfect statement to end on and the group got to their feet and confidently smiled at each other.
‘If you’ve finished in there can you hurry up and get out please!’ Amanda shouted from the living room.
Sexually-clichéd contemporary R&B, void of the soul from where it originated, droned inside the small seedy club. A semi-naked blonde gyrated on a pole in the centre as other pretty employees, scattered around the near-deserted establishment, stared blankly into their mobile phones. A few uncomfortable men drank by the bar, too broken or hard-up to interact with the girls, and occasionally glanced at the pole-dancer out of considered respect. Alcohol and self-pity had enticed them from their homes, not brash hedonism, and at this late hour it was the club’s normal clientele. One other customer remained; a stressed unshaven figure with all the zest of someone carrying their own crucifix across a desert, hidden in a private room and snivelling in his hands instead of appreciating the temptress who’d led him there. She sat filing her nails, half-listening to his pitying monologue.
‘…so now I’ve lost an exhibition I’ve ploughed a fortune into and there’s a massive dispute over these six bloody paintings.’
‘Uh huh.’ she replied, impressed by the finish she gave her right index finger.
‘He’s the biggest artist I’ve ever attracted – with enough influence to destroy me and my gallery if he wanted – and all because of Nick bloody Green!’ he slurred, sinking the remainder of his single-malt whiskey.
‘I thought you smashed up the swan pictures?’ she said grooming the next nail.
‘Oh, shut up! Whose side you on anyway?’
‘No one’s!’
‘Yeh? I don’t see Nick Green giving you any money.’ he spat, taking cash from his pocket and throwing it at the startled stripper; she was shaken but elated with the windfall flung at her and cradled Josh’s head as it flopped into her lap and began to sob.
Lucy awoke to the sound of stones hitting her bedroom window. While sleepily pulling on her gown and replacing dreamy visions with the unpleasant reality waiting on the pavement below her mind sparked when she saw who it was. Expecting the late-night visitor to be Nick, following up his incessant messages of regret with a public proclamation of love, she was stunned to see Josh stood below and opened her window.
‘Your phone’s off.’ he shouted, swaying on the spot and tucking in his dishevelled shirt.
‘Because it’s four in the morning!’
‘Can I come up?’
‘No!’
‘Go on… we had a great night that time!’
‘Is this a booty call? Is that what this is?’ she said, irritation turning to anger.
‘No.’ he whined unconvincingly, ‘I just wanted to see you.’
‘Well I’m sleeping so it’s not a good…’
‘I’ve lost everything, Lucy!’ he said emotionally, ‘I lost the case, I lost face, I lost Sofia… and now I’m losing the gallery.’
‘Shut up!’ cried a disturbed neighbour after erratically pulling up her window and slamming it shut with equal temper. Lucy offered an apologetic wave and looked down at her drunken guest; she knew she had no option but to let him in before the police were called.
‘You better come up.’ she said and buzzed him in.
Across Camden her broken-hearted ex slept off the late-night effects of a table full of intoxicating wares, flat out and drooling on the sofa with his restless friend, Konrad; squashed at one end watching online Corsica Coleman videos on his laptop. The glow of her from his screen illuminated his captivated gawp, and when one clip finished he always checked Nick was asleep before starting a new one.
Unlike her insomniac colleagues, Corsica was completing the night’s last hours 30 miles away in Bray Village with a consistently restful sleep pattern, reliving her balmy wilderness scene, huddled on the ground under a starry sky, only this time her companion was Konrad and not her ex, Jo-E Williams. Between this point and the moment she awoke the bizarrely-real dream would progress in an unexpectedly steamy direction and Corsica’s fondness for Konrad would significantly heighten as a result.
At her apartment across town, Sofia also experienced a topsy-turvy night; staring out of her window at the sleeping blue world outside wearing a lace nightie, hypnotised by incandescent street lighting and the occasional glow of passing headlights. She regarded the empty parking space which Josh’s Mercedes used to occupy, and Nick’s battered Fiat previously. She felt more sentimental about those old days than her recent time with Josh, whose deceit had left her lost and resentful.
Following the group’s unusual night of nocturnal activity the sun rose to welcome a new day with glorious summer warmness and gently rocked Lucy from her sleep, bringing a smile to her face as she rubbed her eyes and stirred to the bright cyan sky. She remembered the drama with Josh during the night and jumped to her feet to check on him; she found the sofa slept-in but missing the sleeper. Amanda entered the living room in her silk pyjamas and noticed the crumpled bed sheets.
‘I take it we had a late-night visitor.’ she said angrily as she passed to the kitchen.
‘Er, yeh…’ Lucy said looking around the apartment for him.
‘I think I heard someone leave about half hour ago.’ she said from the kitchen, running water into the kettle.
Lucy noticed a small note on the carpet and picked it up; it simply read ‘Sofia’ in black biro but was tenderly drawn and resembled a poster title for an artsy foreign film, complete with tall lettering and a red heart dotting the ‘i’. Lucy rather liked it, it obviously wasn’t left for her to find, just something Josh had done in his blitzed state to relax his mind. She studied its simple honesty, considering the need to put his strongest desire on paper, exactly as Nick had done many times. Like an enthusiast able to identify with an artist’s feelings and inspiration, Lucy related to their compulsion to express what their hearts wanted most, and through that connection an idea formed. It wasn’t a flimsy idea that upon reflection dissolved into ambivalence, this was one of Lucy’s finest and had more positive outcomes than first envisaged. The longer she mulled the more she saw optimistic offshoots, like a single domino sparking a chain-reaction.
‘What are you looking so dippy about?’ her sister said entering the living room and finding Lucy gaping at the discarded note.
‘I have an idea that will solve everyone’s problems – and I only have today to do it!’
‘Ooh, sounds exciting!’ Amanda said sarcastically.
‘Unfortunately it does aid several people who I despise right now.’ she said having second thoughts, ‘But I’ve been shown the high road so I guess I should take it.’
‘Good for you!’
‘And I’m gonna need your help.’
‘Oh no, please – leave me out of this!’
‘Come on, it’s only a bit of driving about and moral support. I have to track down everyone I know and ask them to help someone they hate!’ she said unappealingly, ‘That’s all!’
Amanda sighed, ‘Alright, I’ll reshuffle my Sunday of cleaning and unchallenging television to help you start a war. What do you need?’
‘Right!’ she said, rubbing her hands together, ‘First I need to call Corsica, then see Konrad, next visit Sofia, after talk to Josh, then, last of all, visit Nick…’
‘How on earth can you help all of them at the same time?’
‘Because I have a celebrity, a gallery and a bloody great plan – are you up for it?’
‘If you’re sure you know what you’re doing?’
‘I’m sure!’ she replied taking out her phone and dialling a number, ‘Corsica! Hi, it’s Lucy. Listen I have great idea for your comeback – interested in hearing it?’
Konrad was surprised to see Lucy and Amanda stood outside his front door wearing mischievous grins.
‘Nick’s not here.’ he said dully, wiping the sleep from his eyes.
‘I know. I waited till he left!’ Lucy chirped, proving too colourful for Konrad at this hour of the morning.
‘I thought you said you were never stepping foot in this apartment again?’
‘I’m not!’ she replied and reached round the door and snatched the storeroom key from the rack, giving Konrad a sloppy kiss on his cheek. ‘I need this for an hour, I’ll drop it through your letterbox when I’m done.’ and she closed the door and skipped down the staircase, Amanda following behind.
‘So why do we need my car for this?’ she called down to her energised sister.
‘You’ll see!’ she dismissed with a wave, ‘We’re going to need three or four trips I reckon…’ and she danced past the entrance and headed to garage level.
‘This visit I’d like to do alone.’ Lucy said to her sister from the parking space below Sofia’s apartment, building the courage to venture across and introduce herself to the most intimidating person she could imagine. ‘Wait here for me.’ and she opened the car door and walked nimbly to the entrance.
‘Hello?’ Sofia answered through the intercom.
‘Sofia?’
‘Yes.’
‘Hello…’ she paused, ‘I’m…’
‘Lucy?’ Sofia guessed.
‘Yes.’
There was a long wait, ‘Interesting!’ she said and buzzed her in.
As Sofia opened her door and stood face to face with Lucy for the first time they silently measured each other, ‘It’s very daunting to meet you.’ Lucy said, ‘I’ve seen and heard so much through other people.’
‘All I know of you is that you slept with my boyfriend.’ Sofia said coldly.
‘Actually I found out the other night that you just did the same with mine.’
‘Nick?’ Sofia answered surprised, ‘He told me you were friends. He’s your boyfriend?’
‘Was! It’s therefore ironic, seeing as we’re talking about mutual lovers, that I come asking for your assistance in helping them.’ Sofia looked confused but Lucy saw curious interest in her eyes and continued, ‘Particularly help their careers, while potentially opening a new glamorous one for yourself!’
Sofia softened and stepped closer, ‘A new career? That’s glamorous? Because I really hate my job…’
‘It’s good you do, it should make this easier than I thought…’ and she let herself into Sofia’s home, taking a seat on her sofa.
Josh was wearing the effects of a stormy hangover in every crease on his face, his hair and bedclothes equally chaotic, as he grumbled at Lucy and Amanda on his doorstep, both wearing irritatingly cheery smiles. He walked into the house leaving the door open for them and proceeded to the kitchen where he started the coffee machine and gulped down a couple of painkillers.
‘Thank you for last night.’ he croaked like a manically-depressed frog, ‘I’m very sorry for the intrusion.’
‘Don’t worry.’ Lucy replied.
He scratched his head and sat awkwardly on a barstool, ‘I should have left a note or something; I woke up feeling rather embarrassed and decided it was best to leave.’
‘But you did leave a note.’ she answered showing him his Sofia illustration.
‘Ah.’ he cringed, the lines on his face creasing further, ‘Hardly a respectful thank you, but I can explain…’
‘I’m not here about last night.’ she said, ‘I’m here about this note.’
Amanda’s SUV parked outside the cemetery entrance and Lucy got out and peered through the window at her adrenalized sister – physically buzzing from the day’s unusual task-list.
‘Before we visit Nick I just need to do this.’ she said holding fresh flowers.
‘I understand, babe.’ Amanda said with admiration, ‘Give Christopher my love.’ and Lucy breathed in something reassuring from the surrounding ether to help her on her way.
It was Amanda’s parked car that Nick first noticed as he crossed a busy road on his way to visit his mum; he snapped from his daydream and scoured the scene in case Lucy was nearby – then he saw her, at least he thought he did; a glimpse of someone familiar powering along the path before being obscured by a large tree and disappearing from view. However, he felt sure it was her and decided to follow.
As he quickstepped past rows of headstones, including his mother’s, he closed in on Lucy; watching her from a distance leave the path and walk down a row of plots. He slowed his pace and pondered what to do; she disappeared down an incline and he dawdled to where she turned off, hanging around in case she returned. It was no more than four or five minutes, just when Nick considered turning back, when Lucy reappeared over the hill looking weary. She noticed him ahead and paused, her mind shutting down as panic took over, but after a day of confronting challenges she wasn’t going to let this twist derail her; she had to see him today anyway so it might as well be now. She dug deep and although the short walk seemed an eternity, her mind racing with every advancing step, she arrived in front of Nick with firm nerve and looked him deep in his eyes.
‘Lucy! Hi! I, er…’ he greeted excitedly, ‘I… I tried…’ he gave up altogether, deciding it better to gawk like a content chimp.
‘I know, I’ve read them all.’ she said sharply, ‘But as I stated in my one reply, I no longer trust you. Once trust is gone the foundations of love disappear and I won’t live with that.’
‘Yeh, I hear you…’ he began, mounting a deflective defence.
‘Nick, it’s over.’ she said with a resolution that chilled him to the bone. ‘Although.’ she sighed, ‘Strangely enough I did need to see you today.’
‘Yeh?’
She prepared herself for her pitch, ‘Do you know what I felt when I unveiled all those paintings of Sofia the other day?’ Nick’s face screwed, expecting a barrage of scorn, ‘I thought how bloody amazing each one was – every picture personal and standalone but all with the same theme. The care and dedication was deeply moving.’
‘Erm, thank you…’ he said taken aback.
‘Then after, of course, I felt betrayed and totally deceived.’ she couldn’t resist saying, ‘But I defer… Nick, how would you like to exhibit that work in the Joshua Arnaud Art Gallery this Saturday?’
Chapter 19
Dreams & Reality
Nick was stunned, completely at odds for something cohesive to say, ‘Exhibition? Joshua Arnaud? Lucy, what are you on about? That guy would never…’
‘He’s already agreed.’ she interrupted.
‘Agreed? How on earth…’
‘He’s seen your work.’
Nick began to grow anxious, deluded with questions, and restlessly paced in front of Lucy, ‘Again, how? I mean, why? He’s seen my what?’
She grabbed his forearms, ‘Nick, you’re babbling. I need you to relax a moment and listen to me; everything will be explained.’ He relaxed and quietened the dialogue dominating his mind. ‘Again, I must ask you; do you want to be the featured artist at a major exhibition this weekend?’
Nick breathed deep and considered the little information he had, ‘I don’t know; it’s very personal stuff… I never did it for this…’
‘I need you to be sure.’
‘Who’d be interested anyway?’ he said dismissively.
‘Actually, a lot of people; there’s a lot more to this.’
‘Like what?’
‘Nick, trust me. It will be a major success and the event and your status will be publicised nationwide and probably beyond.’ she said, passionately grabbing the front of his T-shirt, ‘But I need to know, are you sure you want it?’
He gazed with wonder into her eyes and all instinctual vibrations told him yes, although that could have been his yearning for Lucy coming to the forefront. ‘Yes.’ he replied.
‘Good.’ she said taking a step back, ‘The exhibition will simply be titled Sofia and along with the chosen artwork from your well-chronicled collection she will also feature as a live central exhibit.’
‘Who will?’
‘Sofia will.’
‘Sofia will what?’
‘Sofia will feature as a live central exhibit.’
‘Sofia’s agreed to this?’
‘Yes.’
‘Okay, go on.’
‘The gallery will also play venue to…’
‘I’m sorry, but Josh’s gallery… how on earth did you get him to do this?’
‘Actually, very easily.’ she replied, ‘Right now he needs you more than you need him.’
‘Explain.’
‘Okay! This is a particularly pleasing story.’ and she proceeded to tell him of when Josh first saw the paintings:
‘Hurry up.’ Lucy called across the street from Amanda’s car.
‘This better be good.’ Josh groaned, fastening the belt of his worn dressing gown and hobbling across to Lucy and her sister in tired old slippers.
‘Don’t worry, no neighbours are watching.’ Amanda said sarcastically, noticing several curtains twitching around his well-to-do street.
‘I don’t think I’ve ever seen you out of a suit!’ Lucy joked, pointing at his faded sleeping attire; Josh uneasily scratched his straggling stubble – home to an impressive array of insects and food debris – and peered around the neighbouring houses.
‘Let’s make this quick shall we?’ he said pointedly. Lucy casually flipped open the back of the SUV, stacked with piles of Nick’s paintings. ‘What’s this?’ he said with a nonchalant shrug.
‘Take a look.’ and she whipped off the sheet and invited him to peruse the paintings. He stepped forwards and regarded the first canvas; he was instantly absorbed, flicking to the next and the next, passing each one with increasing captivation and curiosity.
‘Who did these?’ he said casting a cheerful look back from his eager browsing, and then he stopped, ‘Wait a minute…’
‘Josh, I know what you’re going to…’
‘You have no idea what I’m going to say!’ he seethed, ‘Because I’m not going to say anything!’ and he turned to storm off, trapping a slipper under the car wheel and nearly tripping.
‘Stop your tantrum now!’ she said with a fierce tone, ‘If you listen to me for one minute I can guarantee you a bigger exhibition than the one you just lost and get you global coverage. Your reputation will rocket, the gallery will be famous, plus Sofia’s a big part of all this.
‘Sofia?’
‘Yes.’ she said, moving closer, ‘She has agreed to be the central figure in the exhibition.’
Josh studied Lucy curiously and spoke softly, ‘As beautiful as she is as a subject of art – as deserving her beauty is of an entire exhibition dedicated solely to it – I couldn’t possibly showcase an unknown scumbag like Nick Green nor would there be anyone interested.’ he said, rounding on her, ‘And how dare you come here with the audacity…’
‘Corsica Coleman has agreed to make her first public appearance at your gallery!’ Lucy screamed with closed eyes, trying to rise above Josh’s angry rebuff. His shoulders relaxed again, having risen and fallen more times than a yoyo that morning. His furious expression morphed into a gormless gurn, like early-man seeing fire for the first time.
‘Corsica Coleman?’ he drooled.
‘Yes, Corsica Coleman. And she’s very big isn’t she?’ she teased in a girlish voice, ‘She’s been hiding quite some time and everyone’s wondering where she is, aren’t they?’ Amanda laughed at Josh squirming on the spot, deciding to appease his hate or common sense.
‘And that would mean?’ he asked, fishing for more sell.
‘That, Josh Arnaud of the relatively-reputable Joshua Arnaud Art Gallery, would mean huge media interest, enormous exposure and a memorable extravaganza that will propel yours and Sofia’s careers into orbit! And…’ she emphasised, pausing for dramatic effect – she even checked his eyes to confirm her suspicion he was already sold – Corsica will announce her next project, a series of concerts with your gallery as official sponsor, at Nick’s exhibition.’
Josh cringed at the mention of his name, ‘I don’t know…’
‘Don’t let a nose splint and silly grudge deny you the answer to all your problems!’
‘And Sofia’s agreed to this?’
‘Yes.’ she replied softly and he looked down, lost in sweet recollection.
‘What will we call it?’ he asked, looking up from his stirring daydream, ‘The exhibition?’
Lucy smiled, knowing she had him on-board. She handed him his note with Sofia elegantly written on white paper.
‘Wow!’ Nick said suitably impressed, ‘You’ve been a busy bee!’
‘And I need you presentable for Saturday. Everything should be setup by midweek and you’ll run through things with everyone soon after, okay?
‘Fine!’ he said, feeling higher than a dandelion seed riding a brisk breeze.
‘I won’t need to see you anymore now. Good luck with it all – I really mean that. Goodbye, Nick.’ she said and turned to leave, crashing his moment of flight.
‘That’s it?’ he cried but she didn’t respond, ‘Luce!’ He stood rooted to the spot, utterly bewildered by what was happening and looked over the brow from where she came, ‘Didn’t you have flowers before?’ he called to her. She continued to ignore him, longing to break stride and sprint from the cold scene as quickly as her legs could take her, but she maintained the same focus that she’d demonstrated all day. Her resolve had seen her through many tough situations and she needed it more than ever as she walked away from Nick.
‘I saw Nick go in; did you speak to him?’ Amanda said to her drained sister as she sunk into the passenger seat.
‘Yes.’
‘Is everything done?’
‘Yes.’
Amanda looked lovingly at Lucy, ‘That was amazing what you did today.’ Lucy’s heart sank and a warm tear surfaced. No verbal response was necessary, her tired satisfied smile said everything. ‘Guess you’d like to go home now?’ Amanda asked. Lucy nodded.
Nick looked down at the rows of headstones, searching for anything recently-added to the scores of graves before him. He concentrated hard and something pristine stood out among the ordinary; white and cone-shaped. As he focussed he was certain it was newly-wrapped flowers and he jogged down the hill towards the spot. He arrived in front of a shiny black headstone with a neat bouquet of lilies rested beneath; he looked at the name and his mouth dropped.
‘How did I not see that?’ he said to Christopher’s marker, feeling utterly ashamed.
Lucy’s dignified silence, her ability to cope, and her strength to pursue and achieve all that she had made him adore her a thousand times more; an incredible woman, the kind he thought couldn’t exist.
Inside a quaint stone cottage in the village of Bray, Konrad and Corsica sat beside a log fire, needlessly warming an already clement August night. Minus the typical woolly sweaters and blankets familiar to the scene, the pair enjoyed the fireplace in shorts and T-shirts, munching on a crispy salad instead of a steaming stew. Corsica’s aunt brought in a tray of tea – appropriate in the U.K. regardless of season or time of day – and laid in on the table by the slightly-perspiring couple. She creased her nose at Konrad, grateful of his trusted friendship with her beleaguered niece, and ruffled his hair as she left to offer them relative privacy – pottering conspicuously within earshot in the hallway.
‘Lucy really is incredible.’ Corsica said, hypnotised by the leaping flames, ‘She’s organising the exhibition, my reappearance, and booking bands left, right and centre for the festival!’
‘I know.’ he agreed, entranced by Corsica’s profile. ‘Nick’s an absolute arse – he’ll never find another like her.’
‘I feel a bit strange helping him but I’m only doing it for Lucy. She said it’s central to everything and the best way to promote the festival – and she’s so damn convincing and focussed, know what I mean?’
‘And completely done with Nick; he was looking for her all this evening at the run-through.’
‘She wasn’t there?’
‘No, she’s currently working the rumour mill for you! Plus I guess it’s a bit weird with Nick, Sofia and Josh there too.’
‘What about Nick and Josh? Any problems?’
‘They just glared at each other like boys in the playground a few times – but Josh was more preoccupied with Sofia, he wouldn’t leave her alone. It got quite embarrassing really.’
‘She’s having nothing to do with him?’
‘Nothing! And what’s more she couldn’t stop looking at Nick! Things are messy, I really hope nothing flares up on the night.’
‘Well if it did it would probably screw up all our plans!’ she said worryingly.
‘And with Lucy in the mix – the cause of Nick’s broken heart and Josh and Sofias’ split-up – it would actually be a miracle if nothing did…’
‘Not helping!’ Corsica yelled, giving him a disapproving look and returning to the flickering flames and whirling embers. His train of thought stopped abruptly and he changed tracks, sensing support was a better line to follow.
‘Are you nervous about stepping back into the spotlight?’ he asked softly. She breathed in reassurance from the sublime beauty of the fire glowing like the nucleus of a sun.
‘Yes.’ she said in a long fearful exhale, ‘Petrified!’
He took her hand; a bold move for man fighting his every impulse in the name of gentlemanly conduct – and good old-fashioned self-doubt – and poured her cup with his other, staring into her eyes all the while. It wasn’t the sexiest gesture to win her heart and steal the moment – and ideally a little of her virtue too – but it did demonstrate incredibly versatile tea-pouring skills. ‘You’re a star; the brightest out there, and you need to shine!’ he said feeling poetically windswept, before paranoia robbed him of his proud moment and he accused himself of borrowing the line from a song. Lengthy internal deliberation was inconclusive.
‘Thank you.’ she said numbly, feeling some empathy from the confused energy he was sending.
‘If you were announcing a comeback to coincide with a sob-story book release or some desperate new celebrity show I’d be very cynical, but trying what you’re trying, well, it’s a pleasure just to be around someone like you; actually putting their neck on the line to help others – even at the cost of a cosy career. That’s moving, that is. You inspire me to be a better man!’
‘Blimey!’ she gasped beginning to blush. He felt a bite of macho and leaned in, drawing his face close to hers; she even whimpered slightly. Konrad suddenly jerked back, startling Corsica, and started to berate himself.
‘What on earth am I doing?’
‘Oh.’ she said, realising what was happening.
‘I must be an idiot.’
‘Actually…’
‘Actually nothing!’ he rebuked, ‘I should never have… I’m so sorry, I promise I’ll never…’
‘Konrad, it’s okay!’ she asserted.
‘No, it’s not.’ and he got up and gathered his things. ‘It’s probably best I go.’
‘It’s not a problem.’ she said, unsure what to do.
‘I’ll call you tomorrow.’ and he rushed to the door. ‘Bloody idiot!’ he called himself as he bumped into Corsica’s aunt, eavesdropping on the other side. ‘Oops, sorry.’ he said lurching down the hall to the front door. ‘Thank you Mrs. Webb. Goodnight!’ and the door slammed behind him, startling Corsica from her surreal bewilderment. Mrs. Webb straightened her cardigan and watched Konrad disappear down the driveway.
‘Pussy!’ she hissed under her breath.
Konrad arrived home jaded from a long train journey and found Nick crashed on the sofa surrounded by beer cans and a near-empty whiskey bottle. He looked at him worryingly and began to tidy his mess, even stopping to pull a blanket over him. When finished, he gently edged himself between the arm-rest and Nick’s sleeping head and turned on the telly. After flicking through endless channels of unappealing nonentities he picked up his phone, troubled by an idea, and stared at the screen. Soon he was gripped with the urge to type.
I should have kissed you shouldn’t I?
Corsica soon replied.
Yes
Grateful for communication he eagerly responded.
I’m an idiot aren’t I?
Yes
Do you think I’ll ever get a chance again?
There was a long pause.
Let’s not complicate things. We got a lot coming up
Konrad started to reply but changed his mind and deleted the text. Corsica messaged again:
It’s late, I’m off to bed. Goodnight Konrad x
Konrad took heart from the kiss but was soon overwhelmed by utter hopelessness at missing a universally-gifted opportunity; a real chance to break the invisible barrier between celebrity and civilian he felt was there, believing he was somehow unsuitable or inferior – plus he’d never look good on the front of a glossy magazine and he knew it. To torture himself further he lifted a mag from a stack under the table with a physically faultless Corsica and Jo-E Williams on the cover. He studied their picture-perfect faces, loathing himself by the second, and angrily rolled the magazine; he smacked Nick round the top of the head, waking him from his alcohol-soaked dream.
‘What the bloody?’ Nick said, sitting straight and rubbing his head.
‘What the bloody! What the bloody!’ Konrad mimicked childishly, ‘What the bloody are you doing? Look at the state of you, and the biggest night of your life is tomorrow! You’re a disgrace!’ he yelled, getting to his feet. ‘A socially-accepted handsome disgrace who’s also going to be famous!’ he sobbed, running to his room like a jilted teenager. Nick stared after him, confused by the rude-awakening, then groaned at the sudden onset of the night’s drinking. His mind arrived at the root of his true discomfort: Lucy. He checked his phone for messages, desperately hoping for a reply to the many he sent through the evening. Nothing. He settled back into the sofa and threw the blanket over himself, soon dreaming in anticipation of his unexpected moment in the spotlight.
The fantasy returned to the earlier meetup at the gallery, only Sofia was replaced by Lucy and Josh became Konrad, standing at a distance on a raised platform and shooting hateful looks over his shoulder.
‘You should have painted her.’ Konrad said derisively, besuited in Josh’s attire; his hair smarmed and wearing glasses, pointing to Lucy as she posed provocatively in a long red dress as the central exhibit. ‘Now look what you’ve got; an exhibition titled The Italian Witch while the woman you really love is going out with me!’
‘Lucy? But you’re in love with Corsica!’
‘Corsica, Lucy, Amanda, Daphne…’ Konrad replied smugly as Corsica, Amanda and her mother joined his side, overlooking Lucy in the centre. ‘They all come to me now they know you’re the love-loser!’
‘The love-loser?’ Nick repeated, disconcerted by the scene in front of him and wearing it on his face as he slept uneasily on the sofa.
‘Yes Nick, the love-loser! You lose them all.’ and Sofia joined Konrad and his bevy of sycophantic beauties. ‘Oh!’ he said, noticing something in Nick, ‘Don’t like this one anymore?’ he checked his expression as he manhandled Sofia to the forefront, ‘Not now you got to have another go!’
‘I-I don’t know what you’re talking about.’
‘It’s this one you like isn’t it?’ Konrad said as he teleported from the group of accumulating women and joined Lucy in the centre. She writhed her body around him, posing like a hunter with his trophy, and then she disappeared.
‘Where is she?’ Nick shouted, staring at the spot where she vanished.
‘Wouldn’t you like to know!’
‘Where is she?’ he yelled, red in the face.
Konrad merely grinned like a maniacal dictator, ‘Wouldn’t you like to know!’ he said, savouring the despair he felt in Nick’s soul.
Chapter 20
Pedestals & Pitfalls
‘Where is she?’ Nick shouted frantically, scanning the crowd.
‘I don’t bloody know!’ Konrad replied.
‘Yes, you do!’ he insisted. Konrad appeared bothered by his forcefulness.
‘Well, she’s probably in the centre.’
‘So she’s here?’ Nick said grabbing him by his lapels. Konrad looked back confused.
‘You saw her earlier.’ He slapped Nick’s hands off his suit jacket.
‘Who?’
‘Sofia!’
‘No, not her.’
‘Then who we talking about?’
‘Lucy!’ he shouted, exasperated with the conversation.
‘Luc…’ Konrad paused as he realised the cause of his anxiety. There was no reason for Nick to still be harbouring fitful nerves, seeing as the gallery was heaving with London’s finest and anticipation was thick in the air. Any pre-show fears should have abated by now; the artwork and Sofia’s elegant life-modelling had won the guests over and Josh’s contemporary gallery was the perfect setting. It wasn’t so much about Nick’s work anyway; the beautifully simple theme of the night – stylishly displayed around the gallery’s modern spaces – served merely as a backdrop to the big news churning out of the rumour mills, Corsica Coleman’s expected appearance. It didn’t matter what was on the walls, the buzz was just to be there; anyone who was anyone was at the Joshua Arnaud Art Gallery and guests’ smiles were one of self-important smugness and not art-appreciation. However, it all ultimately worked in Nick’s favour – the stand-in man of the moment – and plenty of column inches would prove favourable on the overall success of the evening, orchestrated hastily but brilliantly by Lucy; who unlike London’s high rollers had chosen not to be present. The hole Nick felt as a result was the reason for not savouring this massive opportunity to make a name for himself; ‘Yeh, Lucy’s not here.’ Konrad said sympathetically.
‘But she organised…’
‘Yes, I know.’ he interrupted sternly, his patience short-lived, ‘But you shagged the centre piece and now she’s not coming!’
‘Actually she did all this after I slept with Sofia.’ he defended poorly.
‘Nicholas Green.’ he placed a hand on Nick’s shoulder, ‘She’d want you to make the most of this. You should be out there giving interviews and being your charming self. Hanging back here, hidden out the way with me is not what she wants – and if you screw this up you’ll lose her forever!’
‘You think I still have a chance?’
‘I think a successful artist hot on everyone’s lips is a damn sight more attractive than a failed one!’
A little pluck secreted from his innards, congealing with the complimentary champagne, and Nick felt tingles of self-worth again, ‘That’s true…’
‘And we’ve got one hour before Corsica arrives.’ Konrad said checking his phone, ‘She just messaged me.’
‘Time to mingle?’
‘Time to mingle!’
Lucy was helping Corsica prepare herself in the hotel suite as her team of assistants and advisors busied around.
‘You look stunning!’ Lucy told her while making finishing touches to her hair.
‘Thank you.’ she said, fighting to overcome the torrent of butterflies in her tummy. Her manager came to speak to her, giving Lucy the full force of his evil eye.
‘Corsica, it’s not too late, sweetheart; we’re still getting tons of good offers for TV work. Honey, this is the last chance to walk away from all this risky festival business…’
Lucy prickled, ‘It’s all organised!’
‘None of this has anything to do with you!’ he shot sideways, ‘Corsica, babe, let’s do the sensible thing while we still can.’
Corsica peered at Lucy in the mirror and gained strength from her friend’s resolute streak, something she’d admired enormously in the short time they’d known each other.
‘Malcolm, thank you for your concern but Lucy’s right, this is a decision made some time ago and I’m both optimistic and committed to it.’
‘She’s bloody poisoned you with tree-hugging nonsense, she has!’ he snarled, jutting a finger in Lucy’s direction. Corsica turned to meet his seething stare.
‘I chose to do this long before Lucy’s involvement, as you know! Now please get away from me.’ and she calmly returned to her preening, ‘If you can’t support me tonight then stay the hell away!’ Malcolm snorted and left the pair feeling more apprehensive than before.
‘Thank you for that.’
‘No problem!’ Corsica smiled warmly.
‘Are you ready?’
‘Think so.’
‘The cars are waiting…’
‘Suppose it’s time to go then.’
A large group of excited reporters, cameramen and onlookers flooded the street, bustling to get as close to the gallery as possible.
‘Get more security to the front.’ Josh shouted at two heavyset men by the entrance, perplexed by the throngs of people accumulating on his doorstep fighting to peer through windows. Groups of well-to-doers shuffled away from the entrance area, where outside began to resemble a zombie attack, complete with gruesome faces pushed against glass and eerie groaning.
‘An absolute success!’ beamed one broadsheet critic, sharing a drink and canapé with Nick and Konrad, ‘I don’t think I’ve ever seen such dedication to one theme – and so accomplishedly executed.’
‘Thank you, Toby.’ Nick said, sensing the expectant stares from patient partisans building around him and turned to circulate, ‘Been great talking with you.’ he added with a movie star smile. The flash of a camera caught him in his moment of veneration – a photo that would appear in newspapers, magazines and websites around the world, The Pinup Painter usually crassly captioned beneath – and for a brief time Nick rode the wave he found himself upon like a natural; a temporary-talk-of-the-town, and more than capable warm-up act before the headlining appearance.
Sofia, the eye-catching turn earlier in the night, had seen interest in her self-showcase fade as the evening wore on and admired Nick in his element among London’s glitterati. Her other ex, stressing near the entrance, looked back at Sofia and saw her fixed on Nick, watching him with the same sweet expression she used to give him. His wrought nerves took over and he marched over to her, stood beautiful in her trailing red dress, and startled her from her lustful daydream.
‘Hey! Your gaze is supposed to be on the big painting!’
‘Sorry.’ she said, returning to her correct pose looking up at Nick’s high-mounted principal piece.
He turned, grumbling spiteful obscenities and barged through Nick’s group of devotees, interrupting the flowing feelgood factor, ‘I thought you said she was coming!’ he snarled at Konrad, refusing to acknowledge Nick.
‘Corsica? Yeh, she is.’
‘Well she better!’ he threatened, ‘Her recent track-record isn’t the best!’
‘She’ll be here!’ Konrad glowered.
‘Can’t believe my future hangs on the appearance of a two-bit bimbo…’ Josh muttered as he made to leave, Konrad pulled him back by his shoulder.
‘You’re lucky you’re not in prison, son! But I can soon put you in hospital with those two thugs you sent round!’ he said with a chilling air that drew gasps from onlookers and sent Josh scurrying like an exposed rat. ‘Jeez!’ Konrad said to Nick, straightening his suit jacket over his arm cast, ‘I can see why you hit him now!’
The tension in the ether suddenly spiked and all heads instinctively turned to the gallery front, where outside frantic movement and muffled screams caused the security team to file through the gallery and line the entrance like a military drill team. Car headlights slowly approaching the building front, forcing their way through the frenzied crowd, finally paused as the leading car pulled to a stop. Then there was a silent delay before flashes of white became an intense throbbing light that filled the whole street, accompanied with hysterical noise that built to an unnerving crescendo. In the midst of the outside melee, a cluster of people beat a path to the gallery entrance; assisted by security forcing back the delirious frontline and allowing access. Eventually the entourage entered unscathed and once all doors were shut and manned, a peaceful relief blanketed the hall like a mass sigh.
‘Ladies and gentlemen.’ called an announcer over the sound system, ‘Corsica Coleman!’ and as if choreographed, she emerged from the group of sheltering arrivals like a butterfly leaving its chrysalis. All eyes fell on her, walking forwards in a figure-hugging white dress like the resurrection of a showbiz deliverer. Konrad’s reality lost sense of time and space and he envisaged her seductively approaching him in slow motion, hair blowing back like she was walking unharmed through the eye of a storm. She passed through the wowed crowd as workers cleared the centre area and setup chairs, and greeted Josh, the host, before moving to Nick, the featured artist. As she made her way to the hastily-prepared press conference area she gestured to the hall’s artwork for the benefit of the privileged witnesses, and gave Konrad a warm smile. An invited group of reporters took their seats while photographers and camera operators found vantage points, leaving everyone else to push and shove for the best view affordable.
‘Thank you Joshua Arnaud and Nicholas Green!’ Corsica said standing in front of her chair, clipping her microphone on her dress and initiating a round of applause, ‘A truly fantastic evening.’ and she took her seat next to her manager, looking very peeved with the whole affair.
‘Where have you been, Corsica?’ shouted one eager reporter out of turn.
‘Finding myself!’ she shot back, drawing laughs from gushing spectators.
Malcolm rose to his feet, ‘Okay, Corsica is proud to come here tonight and make a very special announcement; she’s prepared a short statement and will take questions after.’
‘I’ll tell you all about it later!’ she joked flirtingly with the reporter and took a sip of water, preparing the notes in front of her.
Lucy, alone in the hotel suite, sat on the edge of the bed biting her nails in silence with the television and laptop turned off. She was too tense to look at updates in case things went sour or the media portrayed it in their typically negative vein, continuing their cruel campaign against the beset star.
‘She must be mad!’ joked one journalist with another as they stood applauding the end of the press conference. Corsica posed gracefully for photos, at one point calling Nick over and having a series of shots taken with the showcased artist. Konrad could only look on with swelling pride at his closest friends enjoying the accolades. Sofia, free from her centrepiece role and changed into something black and slinky, returned to the hall and received an unexpected ovation.
‘Ladies and gentlemen, the star of the show… Sofia!’ Corsica introduced, and Sofia was guided to the table and joined the other headlining guests for photos, completely overwhelmed but shining bright. Josh stood at a distance admiring her; with his ego bruised from recent events he was washed by the realisation that he utterly and unconditionally adored her, and felt substantially worse as a result. The trio at the table linked arms and leaned in as photographers took their final snaps. Another standout image to be widely circulated featured Sofia gazing lovingly at Nick as the threesome huddled together like it was a curtain call. Within the hour it would be uploaded to news sites seen by millions – including Lucy several miles away, currently fighting her every instinct to learn of developments.
Flowing champagne added a serving of euphoric-poisoning to the already brimming celebration, and with the hour late and guests leaving it was time to drop all acts and savour the night naturally as friends. Nick, Konrad, Corsica and Sofia, all buzzing harmoniously, giggled in a clique group that was impenetrable to anyone not possessing the same high-spirits – which was impossible unless a member of staff learned they’d just won the lottery. Josh, directing workers and winding down the show, stared over his shoulder at the group; gripped by resentment for Nick, contempt for Konrad, gratitude for Corsica, and bittersweet love for Sofia – he’d probably never been so conflicted, but on some level knew that despite the mix of characters involved there was no alternative.
‘Oh!’ Corsica blurted aloud, nearly choking on her champagne as a thought suddenly gate-crashed her mind, ‘Has anyone called Lucy yet?’
‘No!’ Konrad said horrified, realising they’d forgotten the true star of the night, ‘Wanna call her?’
‘Yes’ Corsica smiled. She took his hand and led him to a quieter spot, subconsciously preferring to not speak in front of Nick, now left alone with his ex. He shuffled awkwardly, unsure what to say; Sofia felt considerably more comfortable, even pleased to find themselves with some privacy.
‘Who’d have thought we’d be here tonight like this!’ she said with a laugh.
‘I know! Life, eh?’ he replied generically.
‘Things could really change for us now.’
‘Yes.’ he pondered, ‘Things could really change…’
‘Guess we got Lucy to thank for that.’ she said and quickly regretted bringing her name up; Nick didn’t answer. She changed tack, ‘You know this is the first time we’ve been alone since that night together?’
He looked at her, uneasy with where this was leading, ‘Yeh, I suppose it must be.’
‘Have you not thought about it? How connected and familiar it was?’ she said edging enticingly closer.
‘No, I… er… well, this week’s been a bit hectic hasn’t it?’
She enjoyed flummoxing him, growing more attracted the further he withdrew, ‘I’ve thought about it a lot.’ she said seductively, slightly biting her lip, ‘And what it all means. Nicholas Green’s Sofia – it’s our history!’ she gestured to his work lining the walls of the gallery, ‘And future!’
‘Future?’
‘We’re meant to be, Nick.’ she took his hand, trembling as though caffeine was circulating through his veins.
‘Meant to be?’
‘Yes, Nick.’ she squeezed his hand and drew closer, ‘We’re soul-mates!’ and she tenderly kissed his bottom lip, lingering long enough to make Josh’s watchful eye spin in its socket.
‘W-We are?’
‘Yes!’ Sofia replied like a mother finally able to communicate something successfully to her infant, ‘Now that you’re going to be someone.’ she regrettably added, cringing as the words left her mouth.
Nick broke from his passive nervousness, ‘Now? Never before tonight?’
‘Well, at one time…’ she said forced on the back foot, ‘…but you were never really going anywhere, were you?’
‘I wasn’t going anywhere?’ he said, his pitch higher with every question.
‘We…’ she emphasised with clenched fists, ‘…weren’t going anywhere!’ She laughed at him and fell into his chest like he was being needlessly silly over something trivial. ‘But now we can… all the way to the top!’ she said dreamy-eyed.
Nick pushed her back, ‘But I’m the same person I was then.’
‘I know, but now the timing is… right.’
‘Sofia…’ he said with a current of inner-determination, ‘…the person I love is the one who made all this happen.’ Sofia’s pleading eyes failed to affect his unwavering stand.
‘What about you and me?’
‘You?’ he laughed, and looked around the impressive hall hosting his life’s work. He closed his eyes and absorbed a wave of tranquillity, ‘Oh, I think I have you out of my system now.’ and he glided away.
Sofia stood dejected as she watched Nick join Konrad and Corsica, talking excitedly on the phone in the corner of the hall. She looked over at Josh, jaded from pulling the venue’s strings all evening; he slumped into a chair and rested his head in his hands. He was exhausted, not just from commanding the foot soldiers, but from a period of crippling, albeit self-inflicted, stress. As he relaxed for the first time in days he realised it was all over, he’d effectively filled the holes he’d dug himself and rescued his gallery and reputation from imminent implosion, although at a cost; he’d lost Sofia and failed to beat Nick, as he saw it. Josh loved personal battles, ruthless competitiveness was ingrained in him, but hardnosed arrogance made him taste defeat for the first time and he didn’t like it. However, he’d miraculously escaped criminal charges and it was while he recognised an inkling of gratitude in his heart that she walked over to him.
Lucy threw her phone on the bed and turned on the TV searching for a news channel. As she waited for coverage of the night’s story she opened her laptop and browsed news sites, smiling proudly as images of Nick and Corsica accompanied generally positive reports. She froze as one website displayed the photo of Sofia looking lovingly at Nick and stared for a torturous amount of time, enlarging the image in her mind and reading a thousand stories into it; then the newsreader introduced the story and she snapped from her harmful thoughts and turned to the television.
‘Corsica Coleman’s long-awaited reappearance happened in style this evening as she unexpectedly attended Nicholas Green’s Sofia exhibition at the Joshua Arnaud Art Gallery in London. Arriving in a stunning white dress and looking relaxed after several weeks out of the public eye, she thanked fans for their patience and made a shock announcement; she has decided to champion environmental issues and organise a world music festival for the Kenwood concerts next month. Following heavy media criticism over her solo career and no-show at a recent headlining festival, Corsica Coleman has decided her future lies in the promotion of concerts and not performing in them…’
As the story ran, showing footage of her brainchild and the lavish coverage given to the exhibition, she began to cry as they featured a short biography on Nick, currently a little-known artist but soon to be proclaimed a culture-vulture’s pinup and the thinking-woman’s crumpet. She was bitterly torn between resentment for the pain he caused and joy at wanting to share the moment with the man she still loved.
When the group finally left the gallery to attend a showbiz party, Nick looked down at Josh and Sofia as he passed them at the entrance. Sofia was sat on Josh’s lap, her head in his chest; both staring back at him. In those few seconds they released all the cancerous energy they’d built inside and found a clear sense of closure. They’d passed the finish-line but there were no real winners and on a deeper level they knew it. They’d all lost something substantial on the road and carried a heavy burden as a result.
Chapter 21
Winners & Participants
HAIR: Straight, shiny and auburn – Likeness Match: 10/10
FACE: Cute and slender-nosed – Likeness Match: 10/10
HEIGHT: 5’3” – Likeness Match: 10/10
BOOBS: Naturally busty – Likeness Match: 10/10
ARSE: Perfectly round! – Likeness Match: 10/10
LEGS: Short and well-shaped – Likeness Match: 10/10
SCENT: 100% Lucy – Likeness Match: 10/10
OVERALL: The One.
Four weeks without word from Lucy and Nick’s eyes nearly bungee-jumped as he saw her pass several metres away. He dropped his plastic beer cup on the counter and gawped; he was about to call out when his deluded vision lost clarity and he began to notice tiny inconsistencies, which quickly became enormous differences. He turned back to his drink, angry at his mind playing tricks, then realised it was hardly surprising he was fantasising – he’d been avoiding the festival all weekend, worried about seeing Lucy and slipping deeper into self-regret. He looked back at the redhead hurrying along the pristine lawn and enjoyed her similarities, watching her red hair bounce with every confident stride; a petit but powerful woman of immeasurable potential. He allowed himself pleasure from the lookalike, delving into a daydream that offered momentary relief from the truth. When she disappeared from view so did his illusion and he finished his beer and ordered another.
Music from the domed stage, positioned directly in front of the stately Kenwood House, droned dimly around the far reaches of the grounds, home only to Nick and scattered groups of lovers seeking solace beside the lake. Konrad was walking around the grounds speaking to seated groups and gathering signatures for his petition; he was near the far end of the lake when he noticed a familiar figure sat alone in the marquee bar. He walked over, tip-toeing around groping couples, and surprised Nick.
‘What are you doing over here?’ he said loudly, nearly provoking an unfortunate episode. Nick composed his hyperventilation.
‘Keeping a safe distance.’ he replied ordering another beer for his campaigning friend. Konrad tossed his bulging clipboard onto the counter, put his hands on his waist and gave him a mean, if unintentionally camp, glare.
‘Two days you’ve wasted deciding whether to come or not and you’re just going to sit here on your own?’
‘Suppose.’
‘Drinking?’
‘Yes! Look, I’ve come to support you all, like you wanted.’
‘No one knows you’re here!’
‘Well you do! Now…’ he answered timidly.
‘And this is how you repay Corsica and Lucy for turning your life around?’ he glowered, forcing Nick to admit his stubbornness.
‘I just can’t deal with seeing Lucy right now.’
‘But you can ogle the arse off that redhead who passed a moment ago?’ Konrad replied; Nick was stumped for something to say. Konrad laughed and put his arm around him, ‘I had a good look too!’ he admitted, ‘From a distance she reminded me of Penny!’
‘Dirty sod!’ Nick smiled, his anxiety dissolving with the closeness he felt for his ever-present friend. The bartender brought Konrad’s beer and they raised glasses to each other with no verbal toast necessary. ‘So how’s it all going?’
‘Amazingly well!’ he raved, ‘The acts have been tremendous and it’s sold out every day!’
‘And your war against the evil corporation?’ Nick said sarcastically, thumbing through his padded clipboard. Konrad gave him an involuntary hug and sat down next to him, almost unable to breathe with excitement.
‘It’s all I’ve been doing.’ he said proudly, ‘Day and night, interviews and petitioning; I’ve been in the news like you, my friend!’ and he slapped his back with stinging spirit.
‘That’s terrific!’ Nick said feeling slightly sorry, ‘I haven’t really been following…’
‘Out drinking?’
‘And working! Im in-demand, mate; I have deadlines and responsibilities now!’
‘Truthfully?’
‘Yeh, mainly drinking…’
‘There you go!’
‘You can notice?’
‘Yes, but only with my sight, hearing and smell.’ Konrad replied, ‘I can’t taste or touch your alcohol-abuse and nor do I want to!’
‘Fair enough!’
‘We’ve actually reopened the whole debate.’ he said seriously, ‘Lots of people previously unaware are now backing a review of the development. I’m fighting back, Nick!’ he said jabbing out his arms, now fully functional and free of bandages, ‘I’m actually fighting The Man!’
‘You got TV coverage?’
‘TV, radio, internet… what do you think we’ve been doing all this time?’
Nick jumped from his seat, feeling it was time to return the hug and caught Konrad off-guard during his flurry of air-punches, ‘Really proud of yer, man.’
‘Thanks Nick.’
‘And talking of turning things around – you could never have done this without Lucy or Corsica either!’
‘I appreciate that, and that’s why I’d never be stupid enough to push either of them away.’
Nick felt the comment penetrate like jagged ice, ‘That, my closest friend and utter git, was worse than Vlad the Impaler!’
‘Nice one!’ Konrad said, nodding his head in appreciation. ‘So you ready to face the enemy?’
‘And listen to this din you pretentiously call world music up close?’
‘Yep.’
‘And Lucy’s there?’
‘Pulling every string!’
‘Okay.’ he agreed reluctantly, ‘Let’s go.’
Above the frantic rhythms of a Brazilian sambass act Corsica was giving an impassioned backstage interview to a camera crew when Konrad dragged Nick into the exclusive area. He checked for Lucy, relaxing when he saw she wasn’t there, and sank into a settee; Corsica saw Konrad aggressively motivating his shamefaced pal from the corner of her eye and smiled to herself.
‘And that is why we’re demonstrating the plans through this festival.’ she said commandingly, ‘We want to send a clear message that our heaths, parks and natural spaces do not have a price-tag on them and are not open to artistically in keeping corporate development.’
‘What about the jobs and tourism it will bring to the area?’ asked the reporter.
‘Oh, please.’ she dismissed, ‘I think the loss of half-dozen baristas is hardly a dagger in the heart of employment, and as for visitors, well they can continue to freely enjoy picnics in nature without being forced to pay for overpriced refreshments!’ she said with relish, ‘Now if you excuse me I really need to get things ready for the final act.’
‘Corsica Coleman, thank you.’ the reporter said admirably, ‘It’s been an unexpected interview.’ She winked and went to her friends.
‘So he made it!’ Corsica said greeting Nick, ‘I thought the famous artist was too important to attend our little floorshow but it appears not!’
Nick sat glumly looking at the pair, ‘You’ve been hanging out with him too long!’ he said, shaking his head.
‘I know!’ she replied excitedly, ‘I love how rude I am now!’
Konrad smiled proudly, ‘I always wanted to corrupt a celebrity – my work is now complete!’
Lucy, officiating backstage wearing a headset and don’t-screw-with-me manner, lined-up members of Basil Brown’s Booty Town in preparation for their festival-closing performance. As a shabby Scandinavian musician holding a scratched violin glided past she lost focus and followed him as he entered a small lounge and slumped his long frame into a sofa. He brushed the strands of his unkempt fair hair and for split-second she thought he was Nick.
‘So what do we do now?’ Basil Brown asked impatiently.
Lucy snapped back, ‘Right!’ she said with false confidence, ‘In a few moments Corsica will make a short address then announce you. We close at 11pm with a fireworks finale.’ and she immediately returned to the blonde musician. He wasn’t Nick of course, and she felt ridiculous for thinking it was and that he’d left the art world already and became a folk violinist.
‘Cool!’ Basil said through a gap-toothed grin, disturbing her sunken disappointment, ‘You had time to consider the other thing?’
Lucy turned back, ‘I’ll let you know later.’ She noticed Corsica on the other side of a black curtain talking to two men; one was Konrad but she could only see the back of the other’s head. It didn’t matter though, she knew who it was, no mirage this time. Nerves filled her gut; this was going to be harder than expected.
‘Amanda!’ she called to her tipsy sister, sat on a large sofa sandwiched between two Swedish bandmates of the Nick lookalike, fawning over them as if she was a lifelong fan.
‘What?’ she answered angrily, getting to her feet and unknowingly tipping champagne from her glass onto the leg of the slightly-intimidated guitarist. He smiled without complaint as Amanda slid her fingers down his face and rubbed the other’s thigh, ‘Back soon boys.’ she threatened with a slur and tottered off to join her sister.
‘Sorry to break up your little party.’ Lucy said derisively, ‘I need you with me.’
‘What for?’
‘This!’ and she grabbed her hand and went to join the trio in the next room.
‘Lucy!’ Corsica said cheerily as she approached, more as a nudge for Nick than genuine elation to see the person she’d spent every moment with over the past month. He turned, nearly whip-lashing his neck, and instantly fell spellbound.
‘Lucy!’ he confirmed.
She gave a noncommittal smile and placed a hand on Corsica’s shoulder, ‘Are you ready?’
‘Absolutely.’
‘This is the band’s last song; they’ll come offstage in a minute. Nearly time to say a few words.’
Corsica grinned and took Konrad’s hand, ‘You’re coming with me.’ she said and the pair went to stand by the curtain.
‘How you been?’ Nick asked.
‘I’m great!’ Amanda announced and somehow tripped on the spot. Lucy groaned and helped her sister onto a seat.
‘I’m good.’ she replied turning to Nick. ‘Many congratulations on the show, I hear things have been going well?’
‘Work-wise, yeh.’ he said glumly. Lucy ignored the obvious cry for help.
‘Look, it’s the final act. There’s a lot to…’
‘When can I see you?’ he pleaded.
‘You can’t.’
‘Lucy, for goodness sake…’
‘I mean, it’s just not possible. I travel with Basil Brown on a European tour tomorrow – he hired me as their manager.’
Nick’s body froze, ‘What?’
‘Since we booked them to headline they’ve been getting loads of interest. He says I’ve done more for them these past weeks than he did on his own in years, they want to keep me on.’
‘When do you think you’ll be back?’
‘I don’t know.’ she replied gravely, ‘They’re not based here so if things go well I may not…’ Not even the crowd’s applause for the exiting Latin band could shatter the stony silence that fell between Nick and Lucy. Eventually the piercing discomfort grew too much, ‘I don’t think there’s anything more to say, Nick. I really have to go; good luck with everything.’ and she walked away bursting the only dream he had left. He sat absorbed in his regrets when the sound of a violent hiccup and sickening gurgle broke his self-pity.
‘Urgh, gross.’ said the culprit, ‘Bitta throw-up in my mouth.’
Nick turned to see Amanda sliding off her seat and looking particularly peaky, ‘I forgot you were there! You alright?’ She wasn’t and he quickly recognised the fact, helping her to lie down. ‘I’m just going to get a bucket or something. I’ll be right back.’ he reassured, leaving to look for a suitable vomit-vessel.
Chapter 22
Whole & Holes
As Corsica took to stage the near 10,000 crowd erupted and her presence rose like a rainbow over their electrifying appreciation.
‘Thank you, thank you!’ she said absorbing the energy. ‘No to ripping out the Heart of the Heath!’ she yelled into her microphone, citing the boarding around the grounds; the crowd’s thunderous roar echoed all the way to the City of London. ‘No to the assumed sale of anything belonging to the Earth!’ she said with a spark in her eye, ‘No more!’ and she stood back and looked into as many faces as she could. Breathing heavily, her heart racing, she glanced to the side at Lucy and Konrad, ‘I have so many people to thank! All the fabulous bands that have participated over this wonderful weekend!’ The crowd cheered. ‘The Gods for making the weather so glorious for us!’ A screech of feedback from the microphone soared around the arena and dissipated with the crowd’s laughter; Corsica continued with a swagger, rather pleased by the rock & roll edge to her address, ‘And a big thank you to some special friends who helped make this happen. First, Nicholas Green, the amazing artist who designed all the artwork for the festival and campaign against development in the heath.’
Nick would have acknowledged the credit but was too busy holding Amanda’s hair back as she retched into a wine cooler, ‘Let it all out, girl!’ he encouraged, ‘Let it all out.’
‘Also enormous love and thanks to Lucy Caulston, who really has been the driving force behind the whole thing.’ she continued, clapping her friend who beamed proudly; the audience followed the sincere sentiments and gave her a warm welcome. ‘And last but not least, big thanks to my dear friend, Konrad, who supported and…’ Corsica paused, looking down at the floor and slackening her hold on the microphone; seriousness overcame her and she looked to the crowd with misty eyes. She slowly raised the mic and spoke in a soft unrehearsed voice from deep within, ‘You know, I probably seem different to many of you.’ she said, pacing as she talked; Konrad and Lucy looked on confused with where the adlib was going, ‘I know I seem different to me!’ she joked and the crowd laughed unsurely, also sensing a break from her celebrity character, ‘And the reason is simple: love!’ 10,000 people covering the beautifully-landscaped gardens of Kenwood Estate listened intently with bemused faces. ‘I’ve never told anyone this but the reason I missed my performance at the Tenerife festival was because I was trapped in a lift! I know it sounds strange…’ she said with a chuckle, more for herself than comic effect, ‘…but enclosed with me in that fateful box was someone who would turn my entire life around. Someone who’d forever change the way I think and look at things.’ she peered cautiously out of the corner of her eye at Konrad, ‘And the biggest reason I’m here now – the reason you’re all here – and the reason why we’re going to defeat money-making plans to dig up our heath!’ she said emotionally. Finally on her wavelength, the crowd vocalised their support. ‘Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to stage the most important man I’ve ever met!’ Konrad stiffened like a statue, suddenly aware this was for his benefit and he’d now have to step onstage and into a very public unknown. Lucy stared at him in disbelief, also somehow expecting his name to be introduced – and during the passing of a few grains of sand through the hourglass of time everything suspended in an engulfing reality.
‘Konrad…’ Lucy whispered amid the chaotic energy encircling the gardens, ‘…I think she’s about to call…’
‘Konrad Gruber!’ Corsica shouted into her mic, her voice reverberating around the grounds. The trees and imposing Kenwood House cast long-shadows among the throngs looking towards the stage with disappointed expressions.
‘Who?’ mumbled around the crowd as spectators quizzed nearby loved-ones, hoping for the announcement of a more high-profile suitor.
‘Konrad, come out here.’ Corsica said as he anxiously searched for an escape route. Lucy gave him a hearty push and he stumbled out in front of a silent crowd. He froze like a woodland creature caught in the headlights and Corsica sensed help was needed; she dropped her mic and ran across to him, throwing her arms round his rigid frame. Despite being over-conscious of the countless onlookers, Konrad melted in her embrace. ‘There’s something you’ve avoided doing.’ she breathed in his ear and kissed him like he didn’t have a say in the matter. Every person present fell silent.
If first impressions are anything to go by, ‘nondescript’ was the general view of Konrad as the audience observed the unusual union unfolding before them. Many men thought, ‘ugly sod, must be loaded.’ while some women sighed, ‘sweet man, must be very loving.’ but overall most were considerably underwhelmed by his presence as a leading man. The romantic gesture, however, was intensely moving and within moments even the cynics had dropped previous prejudices and all hearts were warmed by the spontaneous coming together. ‘Ahhh…’ quickly became the general consensus. Lucy looked on from the sidelines with tears flooding.
‘I hope this isn’t just a publicity stunt!’ Konrad joked as they ended their first kiss to an enormous reception from thousands of people.
‘Why? We need as much as we can get!’
‘Do you think we’ll make front page?’ he said calmly, gesturing to the scores of cameras flashing around the front rows as they held each other out of range of the dropped microphone.
‘Possibly.’ she replied transfixed in his eyes.
‘What do you think the headlines will read?’
‘Oh, I imagine something grand like, Corsica and Konrad: A Love Story. What about you?’
‘I think Beauty and the Beast: A True Story is far more likely!’
Corsica didn’t laugh, she looked at him with a lustful fire, ‘We’ve kissed in public, is there somewhere we can go in private?’
‘I know a nearby nook.’
‘A nook?’ she said impressed, ‘Then let’s finish up and find this nook!’ and she reluctantly released herself from his hold and walked to the microphone. The crowd’s cheers reached climax as she picked it up and turned to them, smiling as she tried to quieten their overspilling-spirits. When the noise fell to near silence she screamed as loudly as possible, sending the energy-levels back through the roof, ‘Ladies and gentlemen, the closing act of the festival! Basil Brown’s Booty Town!’ and she ran offstage as band members appeared, grabbing Konrad’s hand and pulling him away to find the quiet cranny.
‘Thank you Nick.’ Amanda grumbled, sprawled on the floor beside a gruesome ice bucket.
‘What for?’
‘Looking after me.’
‘Don’t be daft, it was nothing…’
‘Oh!’ Konrad and Corsica stuttered breathlessly as they found the naughty nook occupied.
‘Everything okay?’ Corsica asked, noticing Amanda’s tender state.
‘Yeh, everything’s fine.’ Nick said as the pair looked at the sickening wine cooler and felt their frisky fires extinguish.
‘Do you know any other quiet corners?’ Corsica whispered to Konrad.
‘No, but anywhere without this smell would be better!’ he replied, taking her hand and turning to leave.
‘Did what I think happen really just happen?’ Nick called to them; their childlike faces were all the answer he needed as he watched them skip to privacy, ‘Really happy for you both!’
‘You’re not a bad bloke.’ Amanda croaked, moving sticky strands of hair from her face.
‘Oh. Thanks.’
‘Just a bit messed up!’
‘Not anymore.’ he said, listening to the reggae rhythms boom around their enclosed space and imagining Lucy taking notes from the sidelines, ‘Clarity came the day she organised the exhibition, and it’s been torturing me ever since.’
‘Yes, I imagine it has. She even surprised me.’ Amanda replied, feeling well enough to sit up and rest a kindly hand on his shoulder. Nick felt her approval for the first time, which considering the heartache he’d caused her sister felt like a tremendous honour.
‘Actually…’ he started hesitantly, conscious that their fledgling closeness may not be ready for favours, ‘…there may be something you can do for me.’
Amanda went paler, ‘What?’
‘Don’t worry, it’s nothing much. I just want you to give something to Lucy before she leaves tomorrow.’
‘What?’ she said suspiciously.
‘Just a present, but I don’t have it with me so I’ll have to give it to you in the morning.’
‘Fine!’ she said, rubbing her throbbing forehead, ‘But only if you sod off and get me some coffee!’
‘Fine!’ and he stood to leave. When he opened the door he looked down and saw a small group congregated below the steps, ‘Dad!’ he said shocked to see Ilove and Astrid standing next to Mrs. Caulston, ‘Daphne!’
‘Ooh, I love it when you call me that!’ she gushed.
‘What are you doing here?’ Nick asked, stepping down to greet them.
‘Konrad and Lucy invited us over.’ Ilove said.
‘You’ve been here all weekend?’
‘Yeh! Enjoying this excellent festie, man! Where the hell you been?’ he said prodding his son’s chest, ‘Staying away to mope at home Konrad tells me.’
‘I was sorry to hear about you and Lucy.’ Daphne said, stepping close to Nick, ‘And if you ever need anything – anything at all – you just come see me.’
‘Yep, you were a bloody idiot there!’ Ilove stated brashly, ‘You lost a girl who moved mountains for you…’
‘Okay!’ Nick interrupted, ‘I presume you’re waiting here for something other than telling me off?’
‘Lucy said this is where we wait to go backstage.’ Astral said thrusting a pass in Nick’s face. The door suddenly opened and Amanda stood swaying at the entrance, holding the ice bucket at arm’s length with her head turned from the smell. Without looking she flung the sloppy contents to the grass below, too faint to notice her mother standing in the way. Foul goo slopped down Daphne’s front as the other three leaped to a safe distance.
‘AMANDA!’ she screamed, thoroughly ashamed of her eldest daughter; she marched up the steps and pushed her inside the cabin where the subsequent dressing down could be heard above the amplified din of Basil Brown.
‘Think I better nip off and get her some coffee.’ Nick said, excusing himself from the scene.
‘I’m gonna miss you babe!’ Amanda said as she pulled to a stop at Gatwick Airport’s drop off point. Lucy leaned in and gave her a huge hug, nearly knocking-off Amanda’s sunglasses – a simple remedy for her hangover sensitivities.
‘I’ll miss you too!’ she said and jumped out to collect her bags.
Amanda ruffled around the backseat and proffered a wrapped painting from the car window, ‘I have to give you this. I think it should slide into your case no problem.’
‘Is that from who I think it is?’
‘Don’t be so dramatic, just bloody take it!’ she said waving it at her, ‘Plus it could be worth a few bob one day if the artist continues to self-destruct at the rate he is!’
Lucy reluctantly took the gift and leaned through the window for another cuddly farewell, ‘I love you!’
‘I’m really glad you’re here, it means a lot to me.’ Nick said to his father as they stood beside Gloria’s grave.
‘I couldn’t come back here and not.’ Ilove replied, ‘Despite what you might think, I happened to love this woman enormously.’
Nick gave him a guarded look and placed an unoffending hand on his dad’s shoulder, ‘She was a great woman.’
‘A great woman.’ he concurred. They stared at her headstone before Ilove snapped from his sombre reflection and clicked his fingers, I buried some weed here!’ He knelt and frantically dug below Gloria’s marker, ‘On the day of the funeral…’
‘I wouldn’t bother.’ Nick said, ‘It got finished a while ago.’
‘Cheeky git!’ he said angrily, brushing the dirt from his hands.
Nick’s phone began to ring, ‘Lucy!’
‘It’s beautiful, you bastard!’ she said from the departure lounge holding up Nick’s lively depiction of her and Christopher street performing in Covent Garden as students, the wrapping paper torn on her lap. Basil Brown and his entourage whiled away time on the seating around her, listening to music or resting before their flight to Germany for the first dates of a rapidly-expanding tour. ‘How did you get hold of a photo of that?’ she asked, impressed by his accurate capture.
‘I didn’t.’ he said plainly as Ilove darted around in the background scaring pigeons, ‘Somehow it was easy to visualise.’
‘Well, it’s uncanny. You got it perfectly.’ she said, glowing as she looked at the canvas like she was entering a memory from a previous life.
‘Then I’m very happy!’
‘It’s probably the best present I’ve ever been given.’ she said trying to keep from earshot of prying band members as she fought back tears.
‘Love can be an amazing force of inspiration.’ Nick answered; Lucy wept silently on the other end. ‘Lucy, don’t go. I don’t want you to leave.’ he urged. She remained silent, shaking as she failed to hold her emotions back. ‘You’ll find work here; maybe Corsica will offer you something?’
‘Nick, stop!’ she said tearfully and looked around at her travelling band, preparing themselves for the most exciting tour in their humble careers, ‘I can’t think straight right now…’
‘Think? You’re having second thoughts?’
‘Nick! Enough!’ she shouted, startling everyone in the lounge.
‘But your heart’s telling you to stay!’
‘I know.’ she admitted.
‘And are you going to follow it?’
Basil Brown and his concerned companions all sensed a disturbing change of energy; she looked deep into their eyes and listened intently to her soul, ‘No.’ she said as realisation cleansed away any doubt surrounding her next move, ‘We had our chance, Nick, and life has moved on. That fairy-tale belongs to Konrad and Corsica now.’
‘No, it’s still ours as well!’
‘Nick, you have to let this go!’ she said desperately.
‘Sorry, am I pushing too hard?’
Lucy sighed, ‘Yes.’
‘Then I’ll stop, I don’t want you to end up hating me.’
‘Hate you?’ she replied, ‘No, that could never happen. If anything it makes me love you more.’
– The End –
 
To be continued in Triple Ex.
Dedicated to Nadia & Danny
with immeasurable love and gratitude.
Double Ex
A Romantic Comedy about Lost Love & Lookalikes
by
Lee Daniel Bullen
Copyright © Lee Daniel Bullen 2014

If you enjoyed Double Ex it would be hugely appreciated if you could spread the word and leave gushing reviews about the place. Also, please feel free to contact me with any comments, opinions or general titbits!
My books, Double Ex, Beset: The Pursuit of Happiness in Times of Crisis, Unmade Classics and The Soapy Beast, are available in paperback and eBook.
Much love and happiness!
Lee Daniel Bullen
Please follow me at:
Twitter:
@bullen_author
Facebook:
www.facebook.com/bullenauthor
Website:
www.leebullen.com
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s disturbing imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
The rights of Lee Daniel Bullen to be identified as the author of this work have been asserted in accordance with sections 77 and 78 of the Copyright, Designs and Patent Acts 1988.
No badgers were buggered during the writing of this book.
