Stormy Seas

Evelyn James

Stormy Seas
Published by Evelyn James at Smashwords
Copyright © 2014 Evelyn James
All Rights Reserved


Table of Contents

 At the Docks
 Nobody's Daughter
 Rogues
 Too Many Hands
 The Other Side of the Door
 Another Surprise
 Some Kind of Rescue
 Confusion
 Worlds Away
 Introductions
 Battles
 Danger
 The Royal Ball
 Sparkling Halls
 Darkness
 Regret
 Connect with Evelyn James


 At the Docks

Kira walked quickly through the muddy streets near the docks, hoping to avoid the curious eyes of several unkempt on-lookers. It was getting late and the darkness promised a certain kind of unnamed danger, especially for a girl so young and innocent-looking as she. Kira hiked up her skirts and started to patter softly on the dirt. 
“Where ya going, missy?” a scraggly man cackled at her. Looking back, she saw several dark shadows slowly lumbering towards her and heard a low, gravelly laughter. 
Kira's heart jumped and she made a run for the end of the street, knowing her own hut was just around the corner. It was nothing more than a small lean-to, but it had sheltered her and her father for many years. In this moment, that dirty, humble little place seemed like a fortress made of steel. 
She heard the perverse laughter echo towards her, reaching out its suffocating hands to pull her back. Kira rounded the corner in a panic only to slam into the hairy chest of a bearded sailor.
Kira let out a panicked scream and and threw her arms out violently. She could feel a hard grip, hands tightened around her arms. “Let me go!” she shouted. “My father's house is just there!” She struggled further only to find she was only fighting with herself. 
She looked up from her panic to see a humorous glint in the eyes of the sailor, whose blonde hair was swept back, giving him a slightly regal look despite the rest of his appearance. He held his hands out to show her he had no intention of restraining her. 
Kira could feel the blood rushing to her face and she slipped past the Nordic sailor with a slight “Humph.” Kira wondered what she would find if she turned to look back, but could not bring herself to do it. She reached the little, weathered door of her father's hut and threw herself inside.
“Kira...” her father's weathered face crinkled up a little to show he was pleased to see her. He sat hunched over his workbench against the far wall, fiddling with a piece of wood for his carving. He was a graying man, with very little hair left, and friendly eyes that were touched with a despondent air of sadness. 
His once robust frame had grown withered and weakened, and Kira could only blame the wet, musty conditions near the dock and the knowledge that her father felt completely lost without her mother. 
Kira's mother had been a glorious beauty with radiant green eyes and the most beautiful red hair anyone had ever seen. Or at least that was how Kira remembered her. Kira had heard her father speak many times of the numerous well-to-do suitors her mother had turned down when she fell for him. 
She fell for the humble dock hand, with no pedigree and no name. Now Kira wondered, sadly, if her mother would still be alive had she not spent most of her days in this dark, stale hut. 
“Did you get it?” Kira looked up from her post at the door and realized she had forgotten the hard lump of bread clutched between her fingers. She smiled cheekily. “Yes, I got it. Had to haggle a bit, but Jeremiah has a hard time resisting my charms.” 
She spoke of the quiet baker's son, who always blushed when she came by. Kira heard her father's voice in the back of her head every time, reminding her that a nice boy like Jeremiah would make a good husband. 
Someone to provide for her, watch over her when he was gone. Kira shrugged that thought away. She had little patience for most men, and even less trust. Only her father deserved that oft-misplaced emotion, and she could not bear to make a mistake with the kind of men she had seen run the docks her whole life. 
“Here, papa.” She tore the meager loaf in half, reserving the larger chunk for her father. He hungrily tore away at the bread, while Kira took a place on the little cot in the corner. 
Kira's thoughts flashed momentarily back to the large, blonde sailor she had barreled into before. Again, she could feel her pale skin flushing over the thought. She ran her hand softly through her deep auburn hair, wondering what he had thought of her, so disheveled and panicked in the moment. 
Kira bit her lip and pushed the thought away. If she couldn't trust Jeremiah, the meek son of a baker, she knew she would never allow herself to give into such a rough, powerful sort of man.
She wasn't sure when she had decided men couldn't be trusted, or even if it had been a decision at all. Perhaps it was just the cold reality, and she had seen it clearly, like every other woman who grew up in this world. She shuddered to think of life without her father even though she was reminded every time she heard his painful, hollow cough that she could not hold onto him forever.
“Kira...” She heard her father say her name softly. “Yes, papa...” “I've taken some work at the docks tomorrow. Nothing too difficult,” he smiled with a weary light in his eyes. “Just enough to make sure you don't wither away on me now.” Kira tried to laugh, but found the irony painful enough.
“Papa, I'm old enough now to be a lady's maid. You can't keep this up forever. Won't you just let me try to get some work?” She heard his good-natured chuckle turn into a low, scraping cough. “Tomorrow, Kira. We'll talk about it tomorrow.”
Kira pulled the covers back on the little cot, and curled herself into the bed. She stared at the naked planks that formed the wall, and searched silently for answers. He was here for now. But how long 'til he left her alone?
* * *
Marcus O'Hare was startled by the panicked mass of red hair that he found himself wrestling with on the street corner. He looked down to see big, frightened blue eyes framed by porcelain skin. He tried not to be distracted by the girl's perfect, rose-colored lips as she started to struggle against his body. 
He fought a smile as it became clear to him that the girl felt truly in danger. The auburn-haired beauty threw a few frenetic punches, and Marcus removed his hands from her arms. For a moment, he felt the urge to speak, to say hello, but her startled eyes blinked quickly, she blushed and disappeared past him.
He turned just in time to watch her feminine figure disappear inside the first door on the street. Marcus sighed. There was something about her that triggered his interest, but he dismissed the thought and continued on his way to the docks. 
His confident stride was unmistakeable. Marcus O'Hare was a man of the world, experienced on the open sea and well-adjusted to the dangers of that life. Very little on the streets of this dock could cause him distraction. His regal profile and blonde hair made for a striking image against the more rough, weathered appearance of his clothing.
“Captain!,” a voice called out with uncertainty. Marcus turned to the all-familiar voice with a smile. “Malcolm...pick up the pace, why don't you?” From behind him, a rather portly, older fellow attempted to match his speed. Malcolm was an agreeable, serious type with a balding head and distinctive spectacles who had served as the cook on Marcus' ship for many years.
“Are we behind schedule, Captain?” 
Marcus smiled distractedly as he continued taking fast, confident strides down the street. Rustling his hands through his white gold hair, Marcus tried to shake the vision of the dazzling fair-skinned beauty out of his head. His mouth twitched imperceptibly then he remembered Malcolm's presence with a slight laugh. 
“We leave tonight. It's not wise to stay docked for long with the munitions on board.” Malcolm nodded his round head with a serious look on his face. 
“Of course, Captain.” Malcolm knew that this particular voyage of the ship Reliance was an unusual one to be sure. Captain O'Hare, who was more at ease manning a ship and shouting orders, was a decorated Navy man who had been entrusted a very important job by the King himself. 
And while Marcus managed to charm and impress while ashore in London, he preferred the freedom of uncharted expeditions and assignments that were so often given to him because of his determined, relentless nature.
Today, they were responsible for bringing a large load of munitions and some very valuable information back to London. Malcolm knew failure was not an option for the Captain, who had a reputation for numerous outlandish victories on the high seas. 
What that top-secret information was, Malcolm could not know. Only the Captain carried that with him, a look of resolute determination on his face.
Malcolm continued his attempt to keep up with O'Hare, pushing his short legs to waddle much faster than they were meant to. “I suppose you'll be happy to see Lady Kensington when we return,” Malcolm suggested, feeling a kinship with the Captain despite their age difference. 
Marcus looked slightly off-put, his eyes glazed over with a vague look of confusion. He tried to nod in a suitable response, but his head was lost in a cloud of thoughts and questions. His thoughts moved to the dark-headed beauty he had last seen 8 months ago. Luciana Kensington was a stunning and exotic woman, with a long-line of blue-blood ancestry on her father's side. 
In his mind's eye, Marcus traced over the lines of her sculpted face. Perfect cheekbones, supple lips. She was everything a man could ask for and more. Somehow, Marcus' exploits on the open sea had brought him into favor in the upper-class circles and he found himself a sought-after bachelor. 
But Luciana's existence had startled him at first, and he had been drawn in by her beauty and the allure of her luxurious, influential lifestyle. To the world at large, Marcus O'Hare and Luciana Kensington were meant to be. A glamorous dichotomy of raw adventure and bravado, melded with the powerful combination of beauty and riches.
Marcus shook himself out of his reverie, made a cursory response and then ordered Malcolm to mind his own business. Marcus wanted to laugh at his own uncertainty, wondering why he could see shining red hair in his visions instead of black. 
As the men reached the edge of the dock, they could see the Reliance rocking steadily back and forth. The frigate was made for battle, but today, speed was of the essence. Marcus had been warned that the intelligence he carried would be highly sought-after by certain high-powered governments. Staying docked too long was an unnecessary risk and one Marcus intended to avoid.
“Ahoy, Captain.” Several shipmates were working steadily, preparing the Reliance to set sail. Johnson, a slender, wiry young sailor with a light-hearted smile gave a nod to the men as they came aboard. Johnson had just joined the ship at the beginning of this voyage and was still adjusting to the newness and excitement of life on the high seas.
As Captain O'Hare made his way to the hull, he heard the pounding of a horse's hooves reach the dock. “Captain Marcus O'Hare!,” breathed the rider, a frenetic youngster with a stream of blood running down his shirt. Shouts went up on deck as the sailors called the Captain's attention to the battered messenger. 
“What is it, son?,” O'Hare shouted, scrambling back onto the deck. He could feel the pounding in his chest as his heart started to race. It was no coincidence that this bruised rider came to him as he boarded the ship with top-secret information. The rider panted, looking desperate, “Your informant, Mr. Green. He was my master, sir, and now he's dead.” 
The messenger's voice cracked with a slight tinge of pain and he looked at O'Hare with a pleading sort of insistence. “You must go, and be warned. They are after you.”
* * *
Marcus O'Hare scrambled onto the Reliance, shouting orders to his men. The death of his informant meant that someone was fast on his trail. The information he carried to the King was too vital to risk. They needed to be out at sea, now.
Sailors worked vigorously pulling in the anchor and readying the ship. As they launched on their journey, Marcus saw the young messenger collapse forward on his horse. 
He felt a tightness in his chest. Whatever the poor boy had endured, there was nothing Marcus could do for him now. He had no time, and no choice. He must return his ship and his cargo safely to England.



 Nobody's Daughter

Kira woke early to find that her father had already left for the docks. A small slice of bread rested on the edge of his work table. For her, no doubt. 
Kira brushed her hair off her face and dressed herself in her one and only dress. It was a simple, tan colored outfit that did her complexion no favors. But she couldn't afford to be choosy or ungrateful. Too many children ran the streets, begging for money. She could only imagine what they did at night. 
“Today's the day,” she whispered to herself. She planned to head off at lunch time to find her father at the docks and insist he take the remaining bread as his lunch. Then she was off to submit herself as a house maid for several of the upper-class homes across town. 
She did her best to dust her boots and dress off, but knew they would probably be back to their lusterless condition by the afternoon.
Slipping out the door, she found the dock streets to be much friendlier in daylight. A few people passed here and there, some selling their wares and others seemingly intent on their destinations. Kira shivered slightly despite the midday sun, remembering the terror of the previous night. She soon found herself humming under her breath, though, as she contemplated the changes that might come if she took work. 
“Kira, dear.” A familiar voice called out to her as she walked through the dusty streets. “Miss May,” Kira exclaimed with pleasure. She felt herself relax at the joy of seeing her friend, the bubbly washer woman who so often sat on the street with her wash basin. “Off to see the baker's boy?” she asked with a smile in her eyes. 
Kira shook her head emphatically, trying not to laugh at the insistence of her father at roping others into his match-making scheme. Miss May's face was red, in part from the gusto she used while washing, and in part because of the fiery sun that was rising over head. 
“Well, I know you don't have much use for men,” she smiled knowingly, “But someday you might come to understand how useful it can be, having someone watching out for you.” Kira nodded. 
Every girl found romance alluring. But that was not what Miss May was referring to. Miss May was talking about being practical. And Jeremiah certainly was a practical choice, given Kira's station in life.
“Yes, Miss May.” Kira didn't want to argue with the older woman, who had been married to a reliable, loving man for many years until his death. Kira knew her disdain for most men would only seem like disrespect to Miss May's memories. 
May wiped her forehead and sighed heavily. “There's no end in sight with this, you see?” She pointed at the basin, filled with brown-colored water that was murky and uninviting. May looked downtrodden but tried to muster a slight grin for Kira's sake. Kira nodded. Kira could not imagine what May must feel. She was reminded of her own situation, where she too might be on her own soon enough.
“I hope,” Kira started, “I hope that I can convince father to take more rest. I worry that his health...It's just so dank and musty at home, and he coughs so terribly hard.” Miss May looked at her with a slight sadness in her eyes. “Men are stubborn. You're a good girl for taking care of your father, dear. You know that.” 
May took her wet fingers, dried them off and patted Kira's shoulder with a gentle touch. Kira fought back the slight feeling that tears might overcome her, and nodded her head in embarrassment. They stood in silence under the sun as May continued vigorously beating a pair of trousers into submission on the washing board.
“So where ya off too, then?,” May insisted. “To the docks, Miss May,” Kira smiled graciously. “I best be on my way to get this bread to my father.” Kira gave May a tight squeeze, getting water from the basin splattered lightly on the front of her dress. As Kira headed back down the street, she heard Miss May's sing-song voice cry out, “You tell your father not to work himself too hard, now.”
* * *
“A flower, lass?” A sad-looking little man sat in a doorway, trying to peddle a few wilted flowers. Or were they weeds? “No, thank you,” Kira said good-naturedly, while picking up her gait. She could see the sails of the many ships rising up on the horizon. 
She passed many little homes, similar to hers, weathered and seemingly defeated. A few tired shops stood open for customers, promising shoes, food and other goods. It seemed to Kira that everything near this part of town was dying, except for the beautiful, timeless ships that floated gently in the water. She envied those elegant vessels, free to move about, explore the world. 
As Kira moved closer to the docks, she could hear a bustle of shouts and movement. A group of men seemed to be fighting over something near the end of the dock. Suddenly the huddle opened and a petite blonde girl scrambled away. 
Kira thought she couldn't be much younger than her. The girl ran panicked down the dock, wiping tears from her eyes and smudging dirt all over her face. Kira felt her heart jump, as she nervously tried to make out what was unfolding before her.
“Are you alright?” Kira started to say, but the girl glanced anxiously back and then disappeared down a side street. The faint echo of a sob reached Kira and then died down. Kira suddenly felt fear grip her as some of the men looked her way. Several beady eyes looked her up and down. She could see that the fighting had eased and only one man seemed to be delivering blows to another. 
Kira felt a wave of shock wash over her as the unruly pack opened. She could see a limp, weathered figure receiving a powerful beating from a dark-haired sailor. A choking feeling caused Kira to grasp at her throat as she tried to rationalize the brutality that she saw.
“Papa...!” she screamed, shocked to see her father's face dripping in blood as the men held him up by his arms. Kira raced down the docks, trembling with anger and fear. “Let him go!” She could see their faces clearly now, each heavily bearded and dressed in unusual clothing. 
Their leader smiled mockingly at her, his dark hair and eyes seeming to reveal his character. “Sorry, darling. But your lovely friend here has interfered where he's not welcome.” He ran a rough hand down the front of his black vest, casting a few devilish glances her way. His voice was deep and threatening, his eyes too dark to read. Kira wrapped her arms around herself tightly, but didn't move. 
“Let him go...” It took everything in her not to shake as she breathed those words out slowly. The dark-haired man seemed slightly amused, as if her panic was giving him a moment of pleasure. The rogue looked at Kira for a moment, then delivered another blow to her father's abdomen. 	“Nooo!” Kira choked on the word as her eyes started to tear. Her father's head dropped limply forward, his entire body weak. Kira could feel herself shaking all over, but could hardly move. The men turned away from her, dragging her father along behind them. 
Kira felt the panic eat at her, climbing her throat like it was a tower and wrapping her up tightly.  “No, no, no...” She murmured to herself as her vision blurred. There was nothing she could do. 
Kira had never felt more powerless in her life. Grasping, her mind searched for anything she might bargain with.  Suddenly, she saw the men pause and their leader walked through the pack towards her. Kira felt her body tighten as his threatening gaze leveled on her.
“I've changed my mind,” he whispered lowly. Kira felt the air leave her body in a violent sigh. Could this be real? “Oh God.” Relief collapsed her shoulders and she felt her trembling ease a little. “Thank you. Thank you so much!” 
She felt a strange sense of gratitude, despite knowing that this man had done little which warranted it. She stopped suddenly, though, when she saw the look in his eyes. He seemed to be peeling her out of her worn, tattered dress. Revulsion coursed through her, and she could hardly speak but the sound of desperate screams echoed somewhere in her mind. “No...!” 
Desperation and disbelief overcame her, as she watched the men moving quickly down the dock to surround her. The vice grip she felt on her arms was unwavering, and she found herself being dragged slowly down the dock. 
Kira could feel sobs wracking her body, and the wet patter of her tears soaked her face and dress. Nothing in this world could horrify her as much as the thought of being alone with these sailors.
“Papa...papa...” She whispered as loud as she could manage, as the sailors dragged her past her father's unmoving body. She blinked rapidly, trying to get one last look at her father, when the lights went out.



Rogues

Kira opened her eyes to a dizzying, empty sensation in her head. She felt as if her whole body was gently rocking from side to side. As her vision focused, she felt a jolt of adrenaline and sat upright. Her mind raced as she searched the tiny room with her eyes. Where was she? Where was her father? 
She could see a small desk on the opposite of the room, and several chests throughout the room. She wiped her hair out of her eyes, only to wince at a bruising pain over her cheek. 
She remembered it all at once: the girl, the fight, the pirates. Her father lying motionless on a bloody dock. She choked back a huge gasp as she recalled her last sight of him. She didn't even know if he was still alive.
Kira's survival instinct kicked in and she searched the room for an opening. A small door was hidden by shadows in the corner. And there was a window at the top of the room over her bed. 
Kira scrambled onto the bed, desperately trying to steady herself so she could reach the window. Her eyes peered through the round peep-hole and she gasped. She could see nothing for miles.
Nothing but ocean. Perfect, serene and terrifying ocean. Kira's mind raced as she realized that she had truly been kidnapped. She remembered the leer in the dark pirate's eyes and panic hit her. 
She moved her hands frantically over her body, searching for any sign that she had been violated. Her clothes were intact. She wasn't sure what else to look for.
Kira tried to calm herself, but she felt her body tightening with panic. There was nothing she could do. Her mind raced and she thought of throwing herself in the ocean. Even then, that meant certain death. But what did a life as a pirate's prisoner mean? Much worse, she was certain.
* * *
Kira lay huddled in the corner of the bed, delirious. She tried to stay vigilant, to stay awake, but her grief and emotional exhaustion kept pulling her under. She could feel tears, even when she had thought she was no longer crying, still they came. 
The darkness that seemed to envelope her was matched by the shadows of the fading sun, and the room grew dark and shadowy. 
As she moved in and out of a semi-conscious state, she was suddenly stirred by a noise. The sound of heavy footsteps was nearing the little door. Kira sat up, pulling her knees to her chest and leaning as far as she could into the corner. 
A few more shuffles sounded, and then came the scrape of a lock being turned. She drew in a deep breath and found herself holding it as her fingers grasped the bedding.
A dark figure stood at the end of the bed. Kira tried to make out his features, but the light continued to wane. “Did you sleep well, darling?” The menacing tone of his voice could not be mistaken. 
He was cold and smooth in his delivery. Kira imagined that face, the dark eyes and mocking smile. It became even more frightening because she couldn't see a thing.
Before she knew it, his hard, sinewy arms had dragged her from the bed and pulled her into the hallway. There were doors on each side and then steps that ascended. “Keep up, won't you?” He growled with the hint of a laugh. A swift jerk and her head slammed against the wall as he pulled her body up the stairs. 
Kira abandoned the urge to fight and let her body fall limp as they reached the deck. The pirate left her in a deflated pile on the floor, then commanded her to stand. Kira felt a warm tear make its way down her cheek but she refused to give in to the temptation. 
Kira kept her head down, covered by the wildness of her hair and willed herself to stop crying. A quick swipe of her hand removed the offending droplet and Kira steeled herself to face them.
She stood, straight and quietly defiant. She looked up to see the men from the dock, staring at her with hungry, soul-less eyes. A large one on the end smiled avariciously, making no attempt to hide his desire. A few others exchanged knowing glances and snickered to themselves. 
A queasy feeling gripped her, making her stomach ache. As Kira searched the boat for any sign of hope, she was shocked to find her mind returning to the lusty blonde sailor. She had been so afraid then, but now she wished he were standing on the deck with her. She felt certain that the evil that was here, on the ship, was something different than she had ever felt before.
“Now, take a good look, boys,” he started. “The brave princess of the docks is here to grace us with her presence.” He threw a slight smile in her direction, as if he thought he might affect her with his roguish attempt at charm. 
He stepped towards her and slid his rough hand gently down her face, letting his eyes fall artlessly to the collar of her dress. “You think you're strong, darling?,” he whispered into her ear. “Let me show you what real power looks like.” A chorus of guffaws followed as the crew cheered him on.
His hands slid down her torso, gripping her hips as he pulled her towards himself. Kira screamed, trying desperately to rip his iron grip from her body. She wrestled against his powerful grip but could not escape. 
Her arms flew in all directions but they seemed to have no effect at all. The other shipmates seemed delighted at this development, shouting and making indecent suggestions. 
The pirate continued to wrestle her until she was pinned to the floor of the ship. She could feel her shoulder blades bruising on the hard wood and the weight of his powerful body holding her down. Kira screamed once more, turning her head to escape the sight of his covetous eyes staring through her.
Suddenly, one of the ship hands shouted violently. “Ship! Starboard side!” In a flash, the menacing captain released her and raced to the side of the ship.  
Kira could hardly move, her sides bruised from his punishing hands and her heart racing in fear. She could hear the murmurs of the crew, a nervous energy moving across the bow of the ship.  Still, this temporary respite did little to relieve her terror.
Kira managed to lift herself up enough to look out at the ship that the pirates were fixed on. A commanding vessel floated in the water just yards away. Kira searched the deck of the new arrival, hoping for a glimpse of something, anything to give her hope. 
Her heart continued to pound. She could not decide if this was cause for hope or more alarm. Should she scream and risk inflaming the pirates' ire? Worse yet, who would come for her if she did?
The crew mumbled amongst themselves while the brutish captain shouted a few commands here and there. The men seemed to be arming themselves in a frenzy. “The girl, Captain!?,” a sailor shouted, and all eyes were on her once again.
Kira suddenly noticed one of the sailors barreling towards her. He grabbed her and pulled her into the stairway, closing the door and leaving her in darkness. She settled on a step by the door, wishing she could see what was happening. 
Sounds of boisterous shouting seemed to come from the other ship, then she heard the Captain's arrogant voice ring back. Kira pushed her head against the door, longing to make out the words exchanged but she could not.
A slight glint of light under the door gave Kira an idea. She put her eye up to the crack, flattening herself to the floor to see the exchange. The boat rocked and the sound of voices grew closer and closer. 
The sound of scuffling feet and low voices seemed to indicate someone had arrived. Were they here? Did they know that she was?
A masculine voice rang out, a voice she didn't recognize. She could see the pirate's large black boots and another man's brown, weathered boots. “Where's the girl?,” she could hear the stranger say. The menacing sound of the pirate's laughter floated under the door. 
“There is no girl.” 
A long silence followed then Kira could hear the pirate attempt to make a joke to convince the stranger. “Do you think if there were a girl here, I'd be up here with them?” 
Some more muffled noise came through, bits of conversation that she couldn't make out. Kira felt hope rise slightly in her chest. Maybe they were here to save her. Maybe it would be alright.
The voices seemed to grow louder, and Kira could feel the tension. She could tell a heated discussion was taking place. The hairs on the back of her neck stood on end as she waited with baited breath. This was her only hope. 
She wondered how many men had come from the other ship. She wondered what kind of men they were. Her mind raced with a million dizzying possibilities, trying to find some sort of solace in her imaginations. 
Kira strained against the door to hear more. The murmuring continued when at last, a gruff, insistent voice growled, “Give me the girl.” 
Kira's heart leapt. Should she scream? Should she try to bang down the door? Kira tried not to panic at the thought that maybe this stranger would never find her. Or maybe the pirates would kill him and then she'd be left on her own, once again. Kira felt certain everything could be alright, if only he knew she was here. Right behind the door. As this hope battled her fear, a deafening sound came through.
“I want to buy her.”



 Too Many Hands

Kira's hope was snuffed out like a light. She felt the deepest heaviness resting on her heart, pulling her weight into the floor. It was too late for her. Clearly, there was nothing to be done. And everything she had believed about men seemed to be proven to her once again. 
After those words came, piercing her and extinguishing any last shred of hope she had of saving herself, Kira slumped against the wall. The noises of conversation outside no longer seemed to touch her. 
She was in a haze of heartbreak and denial, trying to find a way to accept the unacceptable without losing her mind. 
She was going to be sold. Like a piece of meat. Like a shoe. Or a saddle. Or those little wilted flowers that the peddler had offered to her yesterday. Was that yesterday? She didn't know anymore. 
The whole experience felt like a nightmare that would not end. There was no waking up. In fact, the only thing that brought her any comfort was the idea that she might escape it in sleep.
Her mind raced, deliriously. Wild scenarios played out in her head. Her very near future with this man, this animal that could deem it acceptable to buy another human being. Kira squeezed her eyes tight, trying to shut out the horrifying visions, those possibilities that seemed like absolute certainties in the moment.
Kira grasped at one last respite, envisioning the beautiful Nordic sailor that had released her arms in the street. His playful stare. The glint of light in his eyes. Even if she did want that, whatever that was, she could never have it now. She would be nothing. Nothing at all. 
A tear slipped gracefully down her cheek as she imagined what it would be like to see his glorious face once more. Then the door swung open, and she did.



 The Other Side of the Door

He was rough. And silent. His green eyes showed a moment of shock before he heaved her over his shoulder and carried her across the deck. Kira felt her face tingling. 
The pirate stood to the side, running his hands through a clanging bag of coins. “Hope you enjoyed it as much as I did, love,” he threw the words at her with a careless, distracted smile as he looked over the money.
Before she knew it, Kira had been hoisted into a small boat at the side of the ship. Two other men sat at the bow, and began rowing the boat across. The Nordic sailor took her by the shoulders, his touch firm. “Did they hurt you?” 
His deep voice lingered in her ears, terrifying in its deceptive gentleness. Kira could not look up. What a ridiculous question. Does it even matter what they did, she thought, if you intend to do worse? She wondered if this man believed he was some sort of Saviour. As if any women should be elated to be in his presence, even if by force.
She could feel his eyes on her, but she pulled herself tight and stared at the bottom of the boat. She couldn't feel his lust, but she knew it must be there. With men, it was always there. Wearily, Kira laughed at herself for her ridiculous daydream. He was no knight in shining armor. 
The little boat eased its way towards its mother ship. The men remained silent but she could feel their attention remaining on the pirate ship. He remained close, holding her arm. Did he think she would jump? She could hear the cadence of the water and feel the lightness of his breath rustling her hair. Kira kept her eyes on the bottom of the boat, afraid that looking into his eyes would unveil her helplessness.
As the men reached the ship, they climbed deftly up over the side. She suddenly found herself thrown over the sailor's shoulder, again, like a sack of potatoes. Kira did her best to take in her surroundings from upside down, catching a glimpse of a curious crew standing on the deck but little else.
The sailor kept walking, holding Kira tight. She braced herself for something unthinkable. The adrenaline had never left, never abated since the pirate held her pinned to the deck floor. 
She could feel the bruises forming in her side and she wondered what other injuries this night would bring. When the sailor carried her below deck and laid her in a simple bunk bed, she braced herself, curling her feet up in front of her. 
She could feel her whole body trembling. Even if she wanted to scream, this little room below deck was tucked away. There was no use. And to think she had thought of him in her moments of terror, wishing that she could see him again. Little did she know.
Kira looked up, bracing herself to meet his green eyes. She saw his gaze look her over, searchingly. The glint from the day before had disappeared and now all she saw was a scrutinizing intensity. 
He stood, mouth gaping open and stared at her. Kira could not stand the waiting, the anticipation. She felt electricity jolt up her spine, waiting for him to pounce. Every inch of her body was soaked in fear and adrenaline. But she couldn't cry. No, she wouldn't do it.
He seemed to notice her anxiety, and a confused look flashed into his eyes. He leaned over her, touching her arm with his large hand. “Oh God,” Kira murmured, wishing there was a way out. When she opened her eyes, the sailor was standing straight as a rail, a look of horror on his face.
The dread etched into her face must have given him pause, because he turned bright red and promptly went above deck. “Go to sleep,” he shouted roughly, then slammed the door.
Kira lie awake for hours, waiting for his return. Every little creak of the boat, every hint of movement above deck had her ready for a fight. Yet, her body ached from the bruises and the tension in her limbs. The pain in her body barely touched the intensity of the anxiety leaving her reeling inside. 
One thing was certain, everything she knew about life had changed. Those moments of peace she had taken for granted in her little hut were long gone. She could not relax for the longest time, until finally her exhaustion won.
* * *
Days seemed to pass fluidly, and she could hardly tell them apart. She awoke to find food in her cabin, but no sign of any human beings. She dared not venture out of her room. 
Her hope was that perhaps, hidden away, she could avoid any of the negative attention she so feared. Still, her anxiety lingered. Not knowing was tearing her up inside, waiting for the inevitable, but then beginning to question whether it would indeed come. 
She spent countless hours going over the room's structure, the built-in shelves and desk across from her bunk. 
One day, when the afternoon sun had begun to fade, Kira heard voices outside the door. Deep voices that she didn't recognize seemed to be discussing her. “The girl...” they said. Kira listened intently, desperate to know what fate they were planning for her. 
From what she could gather, several of them were curious about the existence of a woman on their ship. Kira shivered. She could not lock the door from the inside. She was defenseless. 
The conversation grew more raucous and she could hear someone start to speak to her through the door. “Come out, sugar. You're the first woman companion we've ever had on board.” 
Boisterous laughter followed and then complete silence. She wondered what had startled them, then heard him. “On deck...NOW!” And then a scrambling followed. 
Kira sat upright. She felt a jolt of electricity sizzle up her spine, and she realized she was running her hands through her matted hair to smooth it out. Kira shook herself out of it. Whoever this man was, he had purchased her. There was no way around that. Whether it happened now, or later, there was only one way for this to end. 
Still, a blush covered her cheeks and she prayed to God he didn't walk through that door. 



 Another Surprise

He swung the door open forcefully. His masculine frame filled the doorway and Kira felt her whole body tense up. That rugged, hairy chest that had seemed so intimidating in the street, now seemed threatening and dangerously powerful. 
He squinted his eyes at her. His hair was light blonde and the thickness of it seemed to shine in the light from the porthole. Kira tried not to stare, but her terror mingled with awe and she could not help herself. He had full lips, a distinguished nose and eyes that seemed to glow as he looked at her. 
They both seemed to realize they were staring and awkwardly broke eye contact. Kira remembered her fear, and inched closer to the back of the bed. “You'll have to earn your keep if you're to stay here. That's my bed you're in.” 
Kira's face flushed brightly and she scurried to the edge of the bed, still keeping distance between them. “I...” Kira broke off. She didn't know what to say. Did he expect her to apologize?
He seemed to realize her mortification and his mouth tightened tersely. “It's fine.” He looked around the room, as if at a loss, glanced once more at her and then walked out the door. “Malcolm will give you your orders.” And then he was gone.
* * *
The next few days brought Kira slowly out of her cabin. The realization that she had been sleeping in his bed covered her with a dark feeling of shame. 
She felt cheap and wanton. And then she felt ridiculous for even thinking those thoughts since she'd had no choice in the matter. 
Soon, she learned that Malcolm was the ship's cook, and probably the least threatening sailor aboard. He was rotund and aging, with a matter-of-fact way of speaking and spectacles tilted on the edge of his nose.
Malcolm instructed her regarding basic chores that were to be hers. She peeled potatoes below deck and sometimes cleaned the deck floor. 
For the most part, she was able to avoid the prying eyes of the other sailors, but occasionally a curious face would poke itself into the galley while she was at work. Her saving grace was Malcolm's constant presence, which seemed to keep the sailors from making any advances. 
Kira's thoughts were like a runaway train. She could not imagine how someone like Malcolm could work for the sailor. Maybe she had Malcolm all wrong. She knew that a gentle exterior could often bely a more dangerous soul. Yet, she felt at ease in his presence. 
He had a fatherly grace about him that made her miss her papa bitterly. She went over that day on the docks repeatedly in her mind, peeling potatoes and trying to convince herself that her father hadn't been lying there dead when they'd dragged her away.
Had he been? Was he gone? Forever removed from her life without even a kiss goodbye? It was almost too much for Kira to bear. She thought of her own safety, feeling on guard at all hours of the day, while trying to ignore the stabbing ache in her gut when she thought of her papa's bloodied body. 
The exhaustion of it all made her want to weep, which she did as quietly as possible at night. She could not show weakness. They already knew they could take what they wanted from her body and she would have no defense. 
“Hello in there...” Malcolm's voice came through the fog of Kira's whirling thoughts. She looked up to realize the potato she was peeling had been whittled down to almost nothing. “Ohh...I'm sorry,” Kira offered hastily.
“Something on your mind?”
“No...” Kira lied, uncertain if she could trust him.
Malcolm smiled. “Could have fooled me. I must be losing my head in my old age.”
Kira smiled tersely, realizing the sailor was trying to set her at ease. 
“How long have you been on the ship?”
Malcolm's eyes showed a slight look of amusement. “Well, they do let us on land occasionally, but I've been sailing with the Reliance for 8 years.”
Kira nodded, focusing her eyes on an unruly potato. 
Suddenly, Marcus' low voice broke through. “I see we've got ourselves another hand.”
Kira jumped, visibly nervous at Marcus' presence. She turned to see the gorgeous blonde sailor smiling in her direction. His smile unnerved her completely. 
The scariest thing about him was the natural allure he had. He could have been the most evil man on the planet and still, she felt sure he could have charmed the pants off most anyone.
“Has she been behaving, Malcolm?” 
Malcolm nodded, uninterested in the tense dynamics in the room. “Yes, Captain. A good little worker.”
Kira felt herself blushing. She couldn't understand the situation. She didn't know where she stood or what this man expected from his “purchase.” What she did know was that his strong, muscular body sent fear through her. She was no match for him. Not for any of them. 
Marcus noted the fearful look in her eyes and tried to make sense of it. He had rescued her, hadn't he? Still, she looked like a frightened animal, terrified for its life.
Slipping around the large table in the galley, he took a step towards her. She turned her big blue eyes on him, paralyzed with fear. Marcus felt a knot tighten in his gut at the panic he saw written on her face.
“You ever peel potatoes at home?” He asked softly, trying to ease her anxiety.
Kira blinked slowly, wondering what he was doing.
“I...sometimes...”
“On the docks,” Marcus said, looking at her intently. “I saw you there.”
Yes, you did, Kira thought. Mortification overtook her at the way she'd romanticized him. She had no idea she'd end up belonging to him.
Marcus felt frustration at the way she ignored him. He studied her beautiful profile, now turned away from him. 
“Malcolm, give us a moment.” He just wanted to make her see. He was the good guy. He couldn't stand that look of horror that she threw in his direction every time he walked in the room.
“Look at me.” 
Kira felt tension flooding her muscles. Malcolm was gone. He'd been the only thing keeping her from a total meltdown. Now, she felt her hand shaking softly as she stared at the wall.
“Look at me.” His voice was dark, threatening. Kira tried to force herself to look up at him, but her body was shaking and she couldn't move.
Suddenly, his rough hands were gripping her shoulders, turning her in his direction. Kira let out a scream, squeezing her eyes closed and thrusting her bent arms between them. Kira waited for what seemed like an eternity, but nothing happened.
Slowly, she opened her eyes to see his masculine face studying her intently. Kira breathed heavily, watching his green eyes rove over her face. She felt like helpless prey in the sight line of a powerful predator. Why couldn't she look away?
“Why are you scared?” he said lowly, his voice raw.
It seemed so obvious. Was he playing a trick on her? Kira felt embarrassment well up. She could hardly get the words out. 
“I know what kind of men buy and sell women on the open sea,” Kira breathed, her eyebrows tightening with emotion. “I know what to expect.” She gulped slowly, her arms starting to hurt from his grip. For a moment, Kira felt anger push down the fear and she looked him squarely in the eye.
“The kind of man you are doesn't deserve to exist! You're evil. Pure evil!” She cocked her head with a furious, proud tilt and watched as his face turned bright with rage. He released her arms, his greens eyes spitting fire.
“You ungrateful little...” his angry face was just inches from hers now, his jaw jutting harshly in her direction.
“You don't know a thing about me!” he growled. “You think just 'cause you're young and beautiful every man wants you?! Think again, sweetie!”
He practically bellowed in her face, then turned and disappeared down the hall. Kira stared after him in shock, her eyes full of confusion. This man was insane!
* * *
Kira woke early to get started on the deck. She tried her best to avoid the galley during meal times, for fear she would be noticed. She was also terrified she would see him. 
She felt the strangest mix of emotions: guilt, terror, hatred and desire. How could she loathe someone so much, yet alternate between wanting him close and fearing his presence? She felt mortified that this might show on her face when he was near, so she tried her hardest to stay out of sight. 
As it were, it happened to be fairly simple to do so. He never sought her out and she hardly ever ran into him during her duties. Kira began to wonder if she could relax. Was she wrong to imagine so much danger nearby? 
She took her bucket and rags to the deck, ready to clean with haste. She never felt totally safe out there alone, unsure who might walk up behind her. 
Kira worked steadily away, glancing over her shoulder frequently. She tried to keep her dress from getting too dirty, but she was on her knees on a deck that was walked day and night. 
“I wondered when you was comin' up to see me...” Kira heard a dull voice with a slow drawl from behind. Kira was on her feet in a flash, her hands crossed over her body. She found herself face to face with an ugly sailor wearing a large scar that was etched into his cheek. 
He was hardly taller than she was, but his thick arms and beefy body were intimidating enough. He was balding and smelled as if he hadn't ever bathed. “Don't touch me,” Kira sputtered, stepping backwards towards the hull. 
The sailor with the pungent odor smiled widely, seemingly delighted by her fear. “Oh, if I want to touch you, I'm not sure there's a lot you can do about it.” He chuckled to himself, swirling his doughy palm across his belly. Kira glanced across the deck, hoping for some sign of another sailor. Anyone that might intervene. She saw no one.
“My name's George.” He continued to grin his self-indulgent, menacing grin into her terrified face. Kira felt herself backing into the hull, with no where to run. The thought crossed her mind that screaming would only be helpful if the sailors had a code of ethics. Did they? She didn't know.
Kira tried to move around him, but his fleshy hand dug into her arm and pinned her to the wall. “There, there...not 'til we're done talking.” Kira nearly gagged as his foul breathe streamed across her face. So this is it, she thought. She'd made it through so much only to have a lecherous, smelly sailor catch her alone. 
Suddenly, his hands were all over her, roving up and down her body, pinning her to the wall. He pushed and prodded and Kira did her best to fight him off. “Noooo!” she screamed desperately, wishing for a moment that the Nordic sailor were here. 
Would he let this happen? George smacked her hard across the mouth, then grabbed her firmly around the waist.
She could feel George trying to kiss her neck, when she saw the blonde sailor fly at him from behind. “Argghhh!” She heard him bellow. In an instant, George was on the ground and the sailor had him pinned down, showering him with blows. 
A curious group of sailors flew onto the deck, eyes wide. Some intervened, shouting, “Captain!” and trying to separate the sailor from his filthy prey. 
Kira watched in amazement and horror as they tried to pry him off. George was a bloody, blubbery mess, trying pitifully to cover his head with his sausage-like fingers. The blonde sailor's fervor had not diminished and he continued to try to batter George as three sailors pulled him off. 
Kira felt relief. He would protect her. Was he saving her for himself? She didn't know, but for now, that was enough. She fought back tears as the wound on her face started to sting. The mix of pain, relief and gratitude had her overwhelmed. She looked up at him, trying not to cry.
Then he pointed at her. “YOU. Downstairs now!”



 Some Kind of Rescue

Kira hurried into the bunk, terrified once again. Was this it? Is this how he chose to claim his prize? Kira shuddered. She felt so utterly powerless, so helpless. So confused. She didn't know if she should thank him, kiss him or run as far away as she could. The truth was, there was no running. Not in here. 
His large body moved through the door with a powerful ease. And then it was only the two of them. Kira stared through his heaving chest where the door should be. There was no way out. 
“What did you do?,” he boomed.
“What?” Kira didn't understand. She felt flustered. Does he think I did this? Does he think this is my fault? Suddenly, she could feel his hands running softly down her arms, as he hovered over her, breathing heavily. Kira shuddered. 
Her whole body tingled with delight and alarm. Part of her felt like she could melt into the floor. “I...I didn't do anything...” She whispered, barely able to speak as his hands caressed her softly. She stared at the floor, terrified. Should she want this? She knew she did.
“Look at me.” His voice was gentle, soothing. She looked up, into his beautiful eyes. They seemed to pore into her. She tried to turn her gaze away but she couldn't. His brow furrowed as he took in her face. 
He noted her large blue eyes, looking frightened as ever, and the perfect line of her aquiline nose. But his eyes settled gently on her soft, pink lips. She felt self-consciousness overcome her and blinked rapidly. 
He took his rough hand and gently traced the line of her face, over the place where she had been struck. She felt the tender pain of bruising, and the sharp ache of an open wound. The sailor pulled a handkerchief from his pocket and tenderly touched the wound. 
Kira winced. This slight pain was reminding her of every other ache on her body. The bruises from the pirate's vice grip, the cringing sensation she felt when she remembered George's paws all over her. 
Suddenly, Kira realized there were tears running down her face. She couldn't stop it. She had told herself she wouldn't let herself be weak, not in front of him. But now...
His eyes widened, his face somewhat alarmed. She looked up to see his mouth tighten, and then watched as his tongue ran quickly over his lips. Before she could stop him, his mouth was covering hers, pulling her in. She felt his huge, powerful arms holding her tightly against his chest. 
Her lips were soft, pliant and she was so very willing to let him take her softly with his hard mouth. The sailor ran his hands up and down her back, keeping her tightly pinned to his taut body. 
Kira felt his kiss go deeper, playing softly at the corner of her lips and then tempting her to open up for his aggressive tongue. Kira felt heady, spinning in a whirling cloud of sensations. She let her head rock back, as he placed his strong hands at the nape of her neck. Then as quickly as it begun, it was over.
“I can't do this.” He pushed her away with force, looking ashamed and confused. He whirled on his heels, opened the door and disappeared up the stairs. Kira was left shell-shocked, gaping at his back.



Confusion

Kira spent the night huddled in the fetal position. Everything about her life since the docks was confusing, terrifying even, but this, this was something different. He seemed so ashamed to have been touching her. And she didn't know what to think.
Her mind noted the irony of spending so many nights afraid that he would come to her bunk. And now that he had, well, now she felt the ache of rejection. 
She hugged herself tightly in the darkness, wondering if she had lost herself. Wondering if it was right to want a man that had bought her outright. From a pirate, no less.
Kira's confusion led to an aching sense of loneliness. She wanted him to want her. She wanted him to watch out for her. The way her father used to. The way he no longer could.
* * *
Below deck, the sailors crowded around a worn table, watching their Captain take on a burly sailor named Tiny. Hands clasped tightly, both of the sailors roared and grunted, wrestling against the strength of the other. Shouts and jeers went up from both sides, as the tide tipped in Marcus' favor then quickly turned back. 
Half of the sailors looked delighted at the idea that their fearless leader might find himself defeated in this simple game, the other half cheered loyally for their captain. 
Marcus could feel sweat trickle down his face, his entire body tightened in defiance of Tiny's foreboding strength. The intensity emanating from both men was enough to keep the room alive with energy, and the sailors found the distraction from everyday life at sea to be a welcome one. 
Marcus struggled to keep his focus, trying not to let the distraction that was living in his bunk get to him. He watched Tiny's wide jaw tighten as he tried to flatten Marcus' hand to the table. Marcus' vision blurred and he tried to blink away the image of Kira's tear-stained face framed in perfect auburn locks.  
He could still feel the softness of her frame in his arms, still remember the taste of her mouth. Guilt started to seep in as he tried to push the memory away. 
A wave of frustration moved through his whole body and he let out a primal yell, “Aghhh!” This burst of untamed energy took Tiny by surprise and Marcus pinned his arm to the table with a defiant expression on his face. 
The room let out a unified roar of shouts as sailors reached out to pat Marcus on the back. Tiny nodded with a bashful smile, accepting his inglorious defeat. The two shook hands, sweatily acknowledging the other's efforts. 
Slowly, the energy dulled as some sailors climbed into their hammocks for sleep. Others gathered in small groups, talking and playing games.
Marcus made his way to his hammock, a small reminder of the comfortable bed that was currently occupied by a slight, warm body. An ironic smile eased across his face, followed by a slight grimace. 
Marcus was troubled by his thoughts, troubled by the temptation he felt when he looked into her eyes. Conflicting feelings of guilt and desire overwhelmed him, as he tried to deny the inexplicable pull he felt for the elegant dock girl. 
“Much on your mind, Cap'n?” Johnson's thin voice cut through Marcus' reverie. He looked up to see Johnson leaning against the wall, settled on the top of a crate. 
Johnson was a wiry fellow, with a bright and cheerful perspective which often resulted in playful mockery from the other men. Still, he was unapologetic about his view of the world. 
Marcus started gruffly, “Just the same as always, Johnson. Too many fools to keep in line on this ship.” Marcus looked up wryly to see Johnson smiling good-naturedly. “Ok,” Johnson nodded, 
“Sure, Captain. I mean, all due respect, but if I was looking all googly- eyed like you, all because of sailors...” Johnson guffawed lightly, hoping he hadn't overstepped. A quick glance at the Captain showed him he had.
“Sorry, sir,” Johnson scrambled, worried his big mouth had finally done him in. He hopped off the box to escape Marcus' angry glare but was stopped. “Johnson, sit down,” the Captain came back forcefully. Johnson wiped his brow and turned around. Here we go, he thought. 
Johnson sat on the crate and looked up anxiously. “Sir...” Johnson was surprised to see Marcus's chiseled face fall into his hands, as he tried to brush his hair out of his eyes. Marcus leaned over, staring at the wooden floor below as if in a trance. Johnson looked around awkwardly, unsure of what to do.
“I didn't mean to overstep, Cap'n. I imagine you're looking forward to seeing Lady Luciana again.” Johnson gulped, trying to figure out where he stood. The Captain's brooding attitude had him worried. 
Marcus looked up distractedly, registering Johnson's words slowly. “I don't know, Johnson.” Marcus tried to smile, his thoughts whirling. “Luciana is a beautiful woman. Any man would be lucky to be in my place.”
Confusion washed over his face and Johnson looked at him with sudden understanding. He imagined few men on the Reliance had been able to avoid the distracting beauty and gentle demeanor of their female guest.
“You're just not sure that's a place you want to be.” Johnson said, questioningly. Johnson scratched his head, trying to imagine having a choice between two beautiful women. It was certainly nothing he'd ever have to worry about, but he could see that the Captain's dilemma was tearing him up. 
“Well, I don't know much, sir, but I always try to go by that feeling in my gut.” Marcus looked up to see Johnson treading carefully. “A whole lotta people will tell you what's right for you, but you're the only one who can really answer that question.” 
Marcus gave Johnson a terse smile, nodding to him. He felt the tension ease slightly, having acknowledged his confusion. But answers seemed just as far as ever.
Johnson relaxed a bit on his crate. “I've gotta girl back home. Her name's Sally.” He grinned with a child-like delight, recalling the washer girl with the airy voice and heart-shaped lips. 
“Now how I got her to pay attention to me, I'll never know. But I'm sure glad she did.” The boat rocked lightly back and forth, and a long strand of moonlight made its way onto the floor through a porthole. 
“She's not fancy or anything like that. No shiny dresses or balls for her, but that doesn't make her less of a goddess to me. There's just this light in her eyes, and when she talks, I feel like I'm the only man in the world.” Johnson could feel himself blush, knowing that if any of the other sailor's could hear him, he'd never hear the end of it. But he knew the Captain would never mock him.
Marcus smiled. He saw the look of young love on Johnson's face and it made him a bit jealous. The world he lived in wasn't as simple as that. It was never just two people who wanted to be together. 
There were things to consider. His position in the Naval Fleet, his reputation on land. He had been a reckless, charming rogue for the longest time, melting women at the sight of his mischievous smile. 
Luciana had been the first woman to hold his attention for longer than a month or two. He knew that anything that happened between the two of them would be fodder for every wagging tongue in London. And he was trying his best to be true and honest. Upstanding. Leaving Luciana out to dry would only make a mockery of them both.
Marcus sighed. He could feel something painful tearing inside him. He was duty-bound to be honorable. Not a rogue. So why did his thoughts betray him?
* * *
Kira awoke one day to find the whole ship in a stir. Excited yells and hollers from the men could be heard from her place in the galley. Kira wondered what had everyone stirred up. She waited patiently for Malcolm to show his bespectacled face, then proceeded to ask. “What's all the excitement for?” 
Malcolm looked at her with new awareness and then smiled, as if remembering that she in fact did not actually belong there. “Port. The ship is going to port soon. London.” 
Kira drew a deep, startled breathe. She'd never been to London but she'd heard such glorious things. She wondered if she would be freed. Or was she free already? Kira couldn't be sure but she felt an excitement and nervousness well up inside her. 
Malcolm smiled patiently, then nodded at a large heap of carrots. “Stew..get to work.” Kira could feel her mind racing at the possibilities. And even as she started to imagine what London would be like, she felt a deep pang inside her chest. Her father was dead. 
She had tried so hard to convince herself it had not been so, but there was no getting around it. He had died saving an innocent from a fate worse then death. He was a brave, brave man and she knew her mother would be proud. Kira felt a teardrop slide silently down her face when someone cleared their throat behind her.
Kira whirled around in embarrassment. Somehow Malcolm had slipped out while she was lost in thought. At the door to the galley, Marcus stood looking at her tentatively. Kira brushed the tear from her cheek, trying not to roll her eyes in frustration that he always seemed to find her crying. 
“Captain...” Kira said, mustering up her most pleasant smile and voice. She tried her best to conceal the confusion and hurt she felt over his rejection. Her mind kept moving back to that awkward moment in her cabin, and Kira could feel herself growing red and flustered. 
Marcus noticed the bright flush of her cheeks and felt his pulse start to race. He cleared his throat once again, trying to ignore her state of distress. 
“Malcolm's told me you've become an invaluable aid down here in the galley...” he started, hearing the awkward cadence of his voice as he tried to make normal conversation. He took a step forward leaning against the long table in the middle of the room that was covered in vegetables.
Kira used the table as a shield, stepping back towards the far counter. “Oh, I'm just doing my job,” Kira said curtly, trying her best to avoid eye contact. I can get through this, she thought. Just don't look at him. 
Kira knew all bets were off if she let her gaze lock on him, his gorgeous green eyes always bearing into her like the heat of the summer sun.
“Well, that's not what I hear...” Marcus started with a playful smile. Despite himself, he felt the urgent need to make her laugh, to fix this awkwardness that he had created. Still, Kira persisted in keeping her eyes down, fixed on an ever-dwindling carrot. 
“The men haven't complained about the food for at least two weeks. That's a record.” He continued to grin at her, knowing she had to look up at some point.
“I...um,” Kira looked up to see his crinkled eyes laughing merrily. The sight of his smile hit her like a bucket of cold water, paralyzing her. She felt like she was being drawn in, despite her staunch effort to avoid his gaze. 
Seeing his chance, Marcus flashed her the biggest grin he could. “Complaining about the food is most sailors' chief amusement. I can't tell you what you've done.” 
Kira felt herself laughing despite herself. The image of the rough sailors, looking downtrodden because they had nothing to complain about seemed ridiculous to her. “Well, you know, my mother taught me a lot. How to make the most of any kind of food.” 
Kira's eyes showed a flash of sentimentality as she recalled her mother's slender hands sorting precious herbs for their stew. Marcus' gaze settled on her lovely eyes, furrowed in a brief moment of reflection. He felt his heart constrict for a moment, too tightly to breathe. 
Kira's eyes flashed up at him, realizing she had revealed more than she ever intended. The tender look on his sharp, chiseled face made her want to give up entirely. How could she pretend? Didn't he know it hurt? She dropped her eyes just as quickly, attempting to conceal her emotion.
“And, you know, it's just not that hard to outdo a man in the kitchen, “ Kira covered, trying to move on from the breathless feeling in her chest. She turned her back to him, reaching for more carrots in a slow and steady manner. She watched her hands, trying to still the soft shaking of her fingers as she resumed slicing.
Marcus felt deflated. He'd been making progress, but now she seemed as far away as ever. “Well, as the ship's captain, I thank you. It's a relief not to hear so many groans at dinnertime.” Kira turned with her head lowered. “Of course...Captain.” 
Her insides whirled with restless, anxious thoughts. How the temptation to say his name ate at her. She could feel it on the tip of her tongue. Marcus. Marcus. 
Kira forced herself to look up at him. His gaze was even, the gentleness she had seen there before now tightly hidden away. Kira forced a smile, doing her best to appear unaffected. She had no idea what she'd done wrong, no idea why he'd run from her before. And it was clear he had no intention of telling her.
“Well,” he said, his awkwardness returning. “Have a good day. I'm sure you're looking forward to docking. London will be here before you know it.” He nodded slightly, running his hands through his blonde hair and then slipped out the door. 
Kira dropped the carrot she was holding and gripped the galley's wooden counter. London was coming. She could finally escape the terrifying proximity to this man. She blinked for a moment, telling herself with certainty that that was what she wanted.
* * *
The dusky darkness of evening was taking over as Kira returned to her bunk. She always felt nervous climbing onto the deck by herself after her run in with George. Still, she couldn't bring herself to ask Malcolm to walk her back. 
Cautiously, Kira reached the top of the stairs and looked out across the deck. She couldn't see anyone but she listened intently for any signs of activity. The slight whistling of the wind through the sails made a haunting noise but nothing else seemed to disturb the quiet night. 
She stepped onto the deck tentatively, scanning the area for danger. Her eyes stopped, though, when they came across a peculiar sight in the distance. There were lights flickering far across the water and Kira felt herself transfixed. What was she looking at?
She squinted for a moment, feeling the cool night breeze streaming across her neck. She shivered. Suddenly, a hand on her shoulder caused Kira to jump. She whirled around with her hands in front of her. 
“Ah!” Kira shouted, alarmed. Marcus was standing on the deck, looking at her with a humorous light in his eyes. “You scared me.” 
Marcus smiled lightly. “That wasn't my intention. Sorry.” His tell-tale gesture repeated itself, his hands running quickly through his hair. “Are you nervous to be out here alone?”
Kira looked at him uncomfortably. She had no interest in admitting her weakness, but he had already seen it a dozen times. “I guess...”
“You don't need to be afraid. I've told the men anyone who bothers you will have to answer to me. What happened with George...it won't happen again.” He looked at her sincerely, a faint hint of concern on his face. 
“I- thank you.” Kira felt awkwardness begin to creep into her body and she averted her eyes. His gaze was just too intense.
“You saw the lights in the distance?”
“Yes, I was trying to figure out what it was.”
Marcus took a few steps towards the side of the boat, waving to Kira to follow. Leaning against the side of the ship, he pointed towards the lights.
“It's an island. We're docking tonight.”
Kira felt a thrill run through her. She'd never been anywhere outside of her home at the docks. Marcus glanced over at her as she smiled openly.
“What are we doing there?”
“There are a few supplies we need, and I thought I might leave George behind.”
Kira's eyes shot up to him uncertainly. His face was playfully serious.
“I'm kidding. We'll be delivering him to the authorities in London.”
“I don't care what you do with him, as long as he can't come near me.”
Marcus smiled at her tersely. “He won't. No man of mine can behave that way and get away with it...What did you do, before?”
“What? To protect myself?” Kira felt her cheeks blushing as he acknowledged the general danger she faced as a dock girl. 
“Well, I mean, I lived with my father. You just learn, you learn how it is. You learn when to be outside and when to stay huddled indoors.” She shivered a little as she thought about the characters she'd often dodged on the docks.
“But you would go places alone?”
Kira smiled. “Of course. I had no choice. My father was getting sicker. And we needed food.”
Marcus watched her intensely and Kira felt herself growing red. 
“How...how did you...”
“How did I get kidnapped by pirates?”
Marcus smiled wryly, “Yes...how did you get kidnapped by pirates?”
“My father...he was so weak but we-we had no money for food. So sometimes, he would try to take work. Just enough to make sure we didn't starve. Anyway, I came to the docks to bring him bread and...” 
Kira's eyes welled up with tears as she replayed the brutal beating she had witnessed. Her father had been like a broken rag doll, limp from the pirate's brutality. She felt emotion choke her as she tried to blink away the painful image.
Marcus cleared his throat awkwardly. “I'm sorry...You don't have to talk about it.” Hesitantly, he reached out a hand to comfort her. Kira felt the weight of his hand on her shoulder and tried to muster a nod in his direction. 
“They were beating him. They were...they were beating him so hard. And he was just trying to help that girl.” She wiped a tear from her cheek, looking at out the water in an attempt to hide her emotions.
“What girl?”
“There was a blonde girl, my age I guess. And they would have taken her if it weren't for my father.”
“He's a hero.” Marcus said solemnly, watching Kira with focused attention. Emotion welled in Kira's throat and her eyes flooded with liquid once again.
“He was a hero. He's dead.” Kira bit her lip in a desperate attempt at quelling the sadness that was threatening to escape through her eyes. She glanced up at Marcus to see his eyes had gone dark, his eyebrows furrowed.
Slowly, Marcus inched closer to her, putting his arm around her shoulder. His closeness didn't faze Kira in that moment. Even though he'd rejected her, she couldn't bring herself to refuse the comfort he was offering her now. There was just too much pain to shoulder alone.
She allowed herself to collapse against his chest, the warmth of his embrace soothing the grief she felt inside. Her father was gone. There was no going back. She would have to make a way for herself now.
* * *
Kira returned to her bunk and waited anxiously for the ship to dock. Every few minutes, she would listen at the door to see if she could hear a commotion above. She expected the sailors would be delighted to be on land after so many weeks at sea. 
She rubbed her hands over her arms, remembering the heat of Marcus' comforting embrace. She wanted to hate him for toying with her, but she couldn't find it in her. Everything about her life had been thrown upside down and she found herself looking to him for a sense of relief and safety. She realized that he was the closest thing to a friend that she had.
A rap at the door startled Kira and she took a quick step back. The door opened and Marcus stood there looking at her. “We're going ashore. Come with me. You can't stay here alone.” 
Kira nodded, feeling a slight bit of embarrassment when she remembered him holding her. He was all business now and looked very serious.
“Alright.”
Kira followed him on deck where several sailors were disembarking. She could see a small dock leading up to the island, densely covered in trees. A few small lamps hung from the narrow dock. As they walked across the rickety platform, Kira could hear noises in the trees. She shivered slightly as a breeze ran through her hair.
“You alright?” Marcus glanced back at her with the same stern look in his eyes.
“I'm fine.” Kira picked up her pace as they moved off the dock and onto a small path. She heard the shouts of several gleeful sailors up ahead and soon they came onto a street lined with several worn down buildings. There were a few dubious-looking characters loitering the streets and Kira could hear boisterous noises from a small tavern that was glowing dimly in the distance. 
“Are we staying here tonight?” Kira looked around nervously.
Marcus looked at her and seemed to notice her discomfort. “Don't worry, you'll be alright.” He glanced over at her and saw fear in her eyes.
Placing his hand firmly on her arm, Marcus led her towards the tavern. They slipped through a small wooden door into a crowded room with low ceilings. There was a general layer of sound covering the room, as sailors and various types sat huddled at tables or laughed raucously over drinks. Several of the sailor's from the Reliance were already enjoying their time ashore at a table in the corner of the room. 
Kira noticed the glances of several unkempt characters from across the tavern and she laced her arm through Marcus' nervously. He glanced at her with a startled expression until he saw the look on her face.
“Are you alright?”
Kira smiled nervously. “I...it just makes me nervous. These kinds of people.”
Marcus led her to a table on the far wall and they sat down. “Don't worry, you'll stay with me the whole time we are here. I won't let anything happen to you.” He cleared his throat awkwardly as Kira flashed him a look of extreme gratitude.
She huddled against the wall, trying to avoid the prying eyes of several of the unsavory-looking men. She noticed Marcus didn't drink with the other sailors. Instead, he ordered them both some food and kept looking around the room alertly.
Kira consumed the food with a passion, realizing the predictable fare on the Reliance had grown very dull. She ate quickly, still keeping an eye on the room. When she looked up, she realized Marcus was watching her with a small smile.
“What?” 
“You eat fast.” Marcus said, that irresistible glint in his eye once more.
Kira blushed and looked at him straight on. She realized she was having a meal with the gorgeous sailor, spending more time with him than she had in weeks. A slight ache filled her belly again. He was so perfect and she could feel herself wishing. Wishing she understood. Wishing he would stop looking at her like she was his sister.
“I'm hungry. It's a nice change.”
“From Malcolm's stew?” Marcus' eyes lit up good-naturedly as he smiled at her.
Kira laughed softly. “Yes. Just don't tell.” 
“Oh, I wouldn't dare. I couldn't handle having both you and Malcolm angry with me.” Marcus ducked his head down slightly as his words trailed off.
“Oh.” Kira blushed. “I'm not- it's just...”
Marcus waved her words away. “It's alright. We don't need to talk about it.”
They sat there in silence, finishing their food and avoiding eye contact. Kira willed herself to focus on her plate, not wanting to meet his eyes. She knew he would see the hurt in them if she did.
As they were finishing up, a thin young man with a dirty face entered the tavern. “Captain Marcus O'Hare...?” 
Marcus turned towards the door and waved the boy over. The lad had longish brown hair and wore a tattered shirt and trousers. 
“I have a message for you, sir.” He handed Marcus a small note, nodded and then slipped out of the tavern. Kira watched Marcus open the note with a look of concern on his face. His features tightened as he read it, then he slipped it in his pocket and stood up quickly. 
“Where are you going?” Kira felt her heart start to race a little.
For a moment, Marcus glanced at her in confusion, then looked around the room. His eyes lingered on the table full of Reliance sailors then he rubbed his head impatiently.
“Come with me.”
Kira stood up uncertainly, then followed Marcus as he strode out of the tavern and into the street.
“Where are we going?” 
Marcus turned to her in the dimly lit street and rubbed his hand across his stubbly jaw. He looked uncertain. “There's an informant here with some information for me.”
Kira blinked. “Information?” 
“Yes. About our safety, the safety of the Reliance. I'm not leaving you with the men.”
Kira shivered nervously. Marcus was staring at her, waiting for her to move.
“Alright.”
Kira caught up to him and followed closely as they walked down a small side street. There was a wildness to this part of the island, with trees overhanging the path on one side. Staying alert, Kira glanced around her for any sign of danger when she felt Marcus' rough hand take hers.
She glanced up, startled by his touch. His hands were warm and calloused, and they completely enveloped her delicate fingers. He looked down at her with a fierce gaze, his eyes serious and on guard. At that moment, a voice came out of nowhere.
“Captain O'Hare.”
Marcus whirled around, releasing Kira's hand as he searched the area for the owner of the voice. Kira felt tingles run up the back of her neck as she searched the darkness. She could see no one.
“Where is he?” She whispered nervously to Marcus. He glanced at her briefly then put one finger to his lips to silence her. A breeze rustled through the branches on the path and they strained to make out any distinctive sounds. 
“Show yourself.” Marcus said loudly, his eyes still alert and dangerous. Kira wrapped herself tightly with her arms, her body beginning to shake from fear. Where was the informant? Why was he toying with them?
Suddenly, a loud rustling in the trees erupted from the direction they'd come. Marcus charged down the path and into the woods aggressively. Kira watched his back disappear with wide eyes when she felt a pair of strong arms grab her from behind.
“Marcus!!” She screamed when a hand clamped down hard over her mouth. She tried desperately to fight but her body was pinned against her assailant's chest and she was powerless to escape.
“Kira!” Marcus appeared on the path and stopped short at the sight in front of him. Kira was standing with a terrified look on her face, a man dressed in all black holding a knife to her throat. 
She attempted to speak but the hand across her mouth felt like an iron trap. Her desperate screams were squelched and all she could do was stare at Marcus with panic in her eyes. 
“Let her go!” Marcus yelled, easing himself slowly towards the attacker.
“Stop right there,” came a low voice. “Don't move a muscle or the lady loses her head.”
Kira felt chills race up her spine at the terrifying voice that boomed in her ear. She couldn't see him, she could only feel his vice grip and hear the malevolent, cold timbre of his voice. She knew in her heart this man wouldn't think twice at slitting her throat.
“Don't you dare touch her!” Marcus roared, his face curled up in rage and frustration. He stood like a caged lion, not moving from his place but looking ready to pounce at any moment.
“You have some information I want. Give it to me and the girl lives.”
Marcus' eyes darkened at the stranger's demand. His face contorted, conflict written across his features. 
“I don't know what you're talking about.”
Kira felt her heart sink. She knew he had the information. Clearly, this man was a spy, looking for the secrets Marcus carried back to London. But Marcus was a principled man. Could she expect Marcus to trade state secrets for her life?
“Don't be stupid.” The stranger tightened his grip on Kira's body, removing her hand from his mouth as he pulled the blade tightly against her skin.
“Ah! Marcus...” Kira implored him desperately, panic racing through her veins at the feel of the cold blade. “Please...”
She felt his green eyes bear into hers, a look of desperation written plainly on his face. 
“Here.” Marcus raised his hands slowly, pulling a piece of paper from his trousers. He waved it in front of the attacker, his eyes fixed on him sharply. “You can have it, just give me the girl first.”
“I don't think so.” 
Kira could feel the heavy breathing of her assailant, his warm breath heating the side of her face. She felt her heart nearly beat out of her chest with anticipation. 
Marcus nodded tersely at the attacker, then tossed the papers into the path a few feet in front of Kira. She felt the grip across her body loosen but when she tried to run she realized she was still trapped.
“Pick it up,” he whispered forcefully in her ear. Kira bent over towards the papers, feeling a pair of ruthless hands gripping tightly at her waist. 
Marcus snarled at the spy, his face red with rage at the sight unfolding before him. The assailant snickered lowly, throwing a knowing glance in Marcus' direction. “It seems I've put your lady in a very compromising position.”
Marcus threw the man a furious, piercing scowl then pulled a knife from his side and hurled it into the assailant's chest. The man let out a groan and then went staggering backward, slumping into the dirt. As his hold went limp, Kira fell to her knees. 
“Kira...” Marcus' hands were on her arms in a flash as he lifted her to her feet. She trembled softly and then wrapped her arms around his chest. “Are you alright?” Marcus' breathing was heavy as he ran his hand softly over the back of her head. 
“Please take me away from here.” Kira clung to him tightly, a warm tear making its way slowly down her cheek. Marcus pried the papers from her fingers and tucked them away, then kissed her forehead softly.
“I'll take you back.” He slipped out of her arms for a moment to make certain the spy was dead, then wrapped his arm around her shoulder as they headed quickly back to the tavern. 
Marcus told the other sailors about the attack then led Kira upstairs to a room. “We'll leave in the morning.”
Kira walked slowly into the dark room, a single window facing out to the dirty street. She looked back at Marcus, his large frame filling the doorway. The darkness obscured his face and Kira felt her breath catch. 
“You won't leave me alone, will you?” Kira squinted, trying to make out the features of his face. He stepped forward then, the dim light from the street illuminating his green eyes and solemn mouth. 
“No, of course, I won't.” Marcus closed the door behind him and lit a candle by the small bed. Kira felt her face flush at the sudden intimacy. The room now felt tiny with his hulking frame standing a few feet from her. 
“What is it?” Marcus searched her face, noting the look of alarm in her eyes. He raised his eyebrows in appraisal then smiled faintly. “I'll sleep on the floor.”
“Thank you. Thank you for saving my life. Again.” Kira looked down at the floor as she spoke.
“I'm sorry you got dragged into this. It's my fault. I never should have brought you with me.” Marcus stared at her with a guilty look in his eyes.
“You couldn't have known. Besides, I feel safer with you than anywhere else.” Kira bit her lip in embarrassment as the words slipped out. Might as well have told the man that you love him, she thought as a burning sensation flooded her face.
“Kira.”
Kira glanced up, “Yes.” 
Her eyes widened as she saw the intense burning that lingered in his. She hadn't seen that look since the night he kissed her in his bunk.
“Marcus...” She whispered softly, suddenly feeling incredibly vulnerable and very, very small. They stared at each other in silence, the tension in the room growing thick.
Marcus started to speak, his voice low. “I...Kira, I...” He took one step closer, cutting the distance between them in half. 
“What is it?” Kira was breathless and his closeness was doing nothing to calm her.
For a moment, he looked torn. He reached out a hand and grazed her fingers softly with his, then pulled away. His head dropped and his brows furrowed, tension obvious in his face. Finally, he looked up at her.
“Let's get to sleep. It's late.”
Kira nodded in confusion, her eyes welling up with hurt and frustration. She navigated her way around him awkwardly, then curled up on the bed. When the light was out, she heard him sigh heavily from his place on the floor. Kira pulled her knees in to her body and tried to fight the tears that threatened to come pouring down. She didn't want him to hear her sobbing. 
* * *
In the dead of night, Marcus woke to the sound of Kira whimpering in the darkness. He listened closely, trying to discern whether or not she was crying. She let out several distressed noises and Marcus realized she was having a nightmare. He felt his gut tighten and he tried to quite the ache that had him longing to take her into his arms.
“Ah!” Kira let out a frightened yell and Marcus jumped up. “Kira...” Sliding onto the edge of the bed, Marcus took her by the shoulders and shook her softly. “Kira, are you awake?”
“Marcus...” She started to sob quietly in the darkness. “I miss my papa...” 
Her cries were low and guttural, racking her whole body. Marcus felt his throat tighten up at the painful, broken sounds that were coming out of her. Marcus' eyes adjusted to the darkness and he slipped onto the bed and wrapped her in his arms.
“Why is all this happening to me? All I wanted- all I wanted, was for papa and me to stay together for as long as we could.” Her words came out choppily, broken up by her intense sobbing.
Marcus pulled her body close to his and wrapped his arms around her tightly. Pulling her head to his chest, he whispered softly. “I don't know. I'm so sorry, Kira.” He felt her curl up closer to him, her whole body trembling as she tried to catch her breath. 
“It's going to be alright.” He tried to soothe her by running his hands over her silky hair until her breathing had quieted and the sound of her crying had stopped. 
“Thank you,” she whispered softly. Marcus felt her place her hands gently on his chest and then she went very quiet. He sighed and pulled her closer. It was the most comforting feeling he'd ever known, having her lying there in his arms. 
They lied there in silence until both of them had drifted off to sleep. 
* * *
The next day Kira opened her eyes to see Marcus' sleeping face in front of her. She drew a breath in surprise but then remembered the events of the night before. He looked so peaceful, lying there, and Kira had to fight the urge to kiss his lips.
“Hello.” 
Kira blushed when he opened his eyes to catch her staring. “Oh goodness. Good morning,” she said, scrambling to an upright position on the bed. 
“I don't bite, I promise.” Marcus threw her a boyish, sleepy smile which only made her blush even more. 
“I'm sorry to have put you in that position last night.” Kira ducked her head and ran her fingers through her hair self-consciously. 
Marcus looked up at her lackadaisically and smiled again. “There's nothing to apologize for Kira.” 
He sat up and leaned against the wall, his hair mussed from sleep. Kira glanced over at him cautiously, feeling her stomach tighten in knots at the adorable look on his face. 
Was she really supposed to endure this kind of torture? She couldn't have imagined the man being more perfect if he tried.
“We've got to get going. I don't know if there are others after the information we have.” With that, he switched back to his serious tone and stood up. 
They exchanged a few awkward glances from across the bed, then made their way down into an empty tavern and out onto the street. Several of the ship's sailors were already waiting, looking tired and hungover from the night before.
They made their way to the ship and Marcus started barking orders, making sure that everyone was accounted for. A few sailors emerged from below deck, having slept on the ship. 
Kira felt out of place as she watched Marcus transform back into the tireless captain. She slipped below deck to avoid the curious stairs of the sailors and curled up in the bunk once more. Whatever last night had been, it was a fluke. A one-time thing. Kira knew that Marcus would have done the same for any woman in need.



Worlds Away

A month had passed with Kira hardly seeing Marcus at all. He seemed to be keeping away from the galley when she was there and Kira understood. The intimacy of that night on the island would not be repeated. One morning, Kira woke to hear the bustling sound of shouts above deck. She curled tightly into the rough duvet that covered her, thinking it was much too early for so much noise. She listened intently for a moment, trying to decipher the words of the excited sailors. 
That's when she noticed that the slow and steady rocking of the boat seemed to have eased a little. Outside the window of her little bunk, there was a clamorous sound. Kira listened in slight confusion, until she realized they must be docked. Had they made it to London already? 
Kira jumped out of bed in a flash, feeling a nervous excitement. Her future was a question mark, everything in her path foreign and unknown. Truth be told, Kira didn't even know where she would be sleeping that night. 
She did her best to make herself presentable for the world that existed just outside her window. Visions of elegant ladies, sophisticated gentlemen and beautiful mansions filled her mind. 
To her, London was the essence of all the stories she had heard as a child. Beautiful gowns and elegant horses leading carriages down proper streets lined with distinguished homes; it was all a fairy-tale to her.
A faint rustling could be heard outside the door and then a gentle knock. “Miss Kira...” Malcolm's patient tone came through the door. Kira smiled to herself lightly, this was indeed a unique occasion if Malcolm was calling her “Miss.” 
Kira flattened the wrinkles on the front of her sturdy tan dress and then swung the door open with an expectant smile. “Malcolm!” she said, with more happiness than he had ever seen her wear. 
His wizened face wrinkled a bit and he slid the spectacles on the end of his nose closer to his face. He looked a bit confused at her sudden transformation from a nervous, down-trodden waif to a joyous, smiling girl.
“Ahem...” he cleared his throat, with a slight smile. “I am to make sure you get escorted off the boat. And then Captain O'Hare has arranged a place for you to stay.” 
Kira could feel herself starting to flush and quickly nodded her head to cover her embarrassment. “Alright,” Kira said with a congenial smile. The thought of leaving The Reliance behind filled her with mixed emotions. 
She suddenly felt a strange kinship to Malcolm and reached out to hug his short neck. Malcolm stood as still as a statue for a moment, then slowly returned the hug. He cleared his throat and Kira wondered if she had made him uncomfortable.
Kira took a step back and could see that Malcolm seemed affected. He nodded at her, gave a slight smile and then stated softly, “You remind me of my daughter.” 
He cleared his throat stiffly then returned to his business-as-usual demeanor. Kira felt a soft ache in her gut, wondering what had happened to Malcolm's daughter, and feeling the pain of her papa's absence all at once.
She looked around the little cabin that had become her home. The thought of Marcus moving back into this tiny haven distracted and unnerved her. She felt so close to him in this room, yet she doubted this place would ever remind him of her. 
Her mind flew through a thousand possibilities, places he would go and adventures he would have, worlds away from her. She clenched her fist and bit her lip to stop the sharp pain she felt in her chest as turned to climb the stairs.
* * *
Moving out onto the deck, Kira eyes widened at the sight before her. The dock was bustling with activity, sailors coming to and fro, merchants selling their colorful wares further down on the cobbled streets and huge buildings facing out to the sea. A crowd of bystander's seemed to be waiting for The Reliance, with a bustle of excitement.
Kira could see several beautiful women clothed in exquisite, luxurious gowns. They fanned themselves with colorful fans, splayed in front of their faces. Kira felt a slight tinge of jealousy at their elegant perfection. 
A few distinguished gentlemen stood by, accompanying the women. Kira watched the scene before her in awe. The crowd seemed to be cheering for the sailors as they clambered off the ship.
She saw Johnson take a flying leap off the side of the ship to embrace a small blonde woman with curly hair. He twirled her around the dock, laughing happily while the more distinguished crowd looked on in disapproval. 
Johnson didn't care though and planted a sweet kiss on his lady's lips. She shared his joyous look, holding onto him gleefully. It made Kira feel especially alone.
She looked around frantically for one more glimpse of him, hoping she would get a chance to look into those eyes a final time. She turned to the right, in time to see his magnificent form step out onto the deck. 
He looked different today, clothed in a proper Naval Uniform with his hair tied back. She almost gasped at how handsome and regal he appeared. His eyes met hers and Kira felt her insides start to ache. He stared at her unapologetically, his eyes burning. Kira felt the breath catch in her chest and she clutched her throat softly. 
It seemed that time had stilled and his gaze bore into her, forceful and unmoving. Kira's heart started to pound and the sound of her blood rushing seemed to drown out every other noise. She willed him to walk over to her. Willed him to kiss her once again like he had that night in her cabin. For a second, she thought it might actually happen. He seemed unable to look away.
Then, from the dock, a feminine voice cried out. “Captain O'Hare...!” At once, the spell was broken and Kira watched Marcus' head whip sharply in the direction of that voice. His handsome figure turned towards the dock, leaving Kira in a moment of confusion. 
She stepped forward to see who Marcus was approaching, only to watch him dismount gracefully onto the docks toward a radiant dark-haired beauty. 
Kira felt the breath leave her lungs. This woman was glorious, clothed in a resplendent gown of purple and blue silk. She held an umbrella, equally as exquisite, while her self-confident smile made it clear she knew what a sight she made. 
Her face was sculpted and perfect, with the highest cheekbones Kira had ever seen. Kira noticed her plump and pouty mouth and felt jealousy tighten around her throat. 
She watched the alluring woman bat her dark eyes in the direction of the ship's captain, a faint smirk on her face. The perfection of her curves, shapely in her corseted gown, drew the eye. Everything about this woman was perfect and Kira could feel her heart sinking.
As Kira watched, Marcus approached the lady with a smile. The raven-haired beauty beamed beneath his gaze and promptly took his arm possessively in hers. They spoke quietly for a moment, then turned to leave the docks. Kira watched as the crowd of sophisticated Londoners trickled off the dock, following Marcus and his gorgeous companion.  
Kira felt at a loss. Was this the reason he had pushed her away? This gorgeous rogue had turned her world upside down and given no explanation for his reckless, unpredictable behavior. 
Now, Kira felt thoroughly unwanted and left behind, wishing for a moment that she had been born into a life of glamorous leisure the way the sparkling women at the docks had.
“Beauty is a little more than shiny gowns and easy smiles,” came a voice. Kira turned deflatedly to look at Malcolm's wise face. He offered a small smile then patted her firmly on the shoulder. “We should get you settled.” 
Kira sighed. She'd never felt this way in her whole life. Everything stable and predictable had been ripped away from her. It was only this ship and that man that she had come to rely on. The steady rocking of the sea, his gorgeous, sparkling gaze telling her that someone in this world saw her. Well, now he was no longer looking.
* * *
Kira took a few steps off the dock and onto the cobbled street. It was a wide street, with the hustle and bustle of passing carts and people.  A huge brick building with the words Baltic Exchange Company dominated the path. Kira felt her head spinning as she walked with Malcolm into town. 
Little dirt-smudged children ran along the street, some playfully laughing, others begging strangers for money. There were rough-looking sailors and docksmen, buttoned-up men in polished clothing and simple girls just like Kira, wearing plain dresses and plaintive looks on their faces. 	Kira felt like an ant in the midst of so much bustle. What was she compared to the beauty and sophistication of the upper class London woman? She felt insignificant and silly for thinking that maybe she could be more.
They passed endless storefronts that called out to potential customers with their fancy wares and window displays. Kira felt herself gasp at the sight of a stunning green gown, trimmed with gold accents. 
Its brilliant colors and alluring shape stood out among the various window displays. Kira was frozen in place, imagining how the soft lace would feel, until she heard Malcolm's prompting whistle. 
She turned and continued walking when she saw Malcolm twenty feet ahead. Perhaps, she would have time to return to the store window later and imagine herself in that perfect gown.
As they made their way through the busy streets, Kira noticed the glances of several gentlemen. She could feel her cheeks flushing at the attention, realizing that she must have looked a sight in her tattered dress and wild hair. She hoped that she would have a chance to bathe and clean herself up when she arrived at her temporary home.
“Where is it I'm staying exactly, Malcolm?” Malcolm passed a sideways glance in her direction and then continued navigating his way through the street. “Captain O'Hare has arranged for you to stay with a close acquaintance of his. You will be well taken care of there; the Captain has ensured it.”
Kira nodded, still unsure what any of this meant. How long would she have a place to stay? And what kind of people would she be counting on for such hospitality?
Soon, Kira felt her question had been answered as they entered a more distinguished part of town. The crowd had dissipated and the tidy brick streets were lined with exquisite homes. Kira was in awe of the mansions, noting their extravagant size and the ornately decorated entrances of each.
When Malcolm began making his way up the front steps of a very stately house, Kira felt a wave of anxiety. She was in no condition to meet the owners of this estate. 
Not dressed in her dirty gown that she'd worn to mop the deck of The Reliance. Kira sighed, she'd become cozy in her little bunk, confident that the Captain would keep any lurkers from her door. Now she faced a different kind of danger, being alone in a world she was never asked to be a part of.
* * *
Marcus looked out the large window in the sitting room where he stood. An abundance of light streamed into the magnificent room, highlighting the elegant furniture and vaulted ceilings of the space. 
It felt strange to be on land again and Marcus knew he must brace himself for a very different world of challenges. Still, the beauty of this world, the world of the affluent and beautiful, had its allure. He'd felt like a fish out of water when he'd first been invited into these circles. But now he knew better. His charm and heroics had made him a celebrity of sorts, a beacon of masculinity amidst proper, buttoned-up English gentlemen.
“Darling...” came a sensual voice from behind him. Luciana sauntered slowly across the room, waiting patiently for Marcus' gaze to meet her. She was a self-assured woman, confident of her ability to manipulate men with her dazzling looks and seductive manner. 
She'd spent her life in the lap of luxury, her family's wealth and name making her a desirable match for any man in her circles. Ah Luciana, he thought. Always such a dazzling temptress.
Marcus turned with a distracted look on his face. His potent gaze swept over Luciana's radiant, flawless features and he found himself arrested by her perfection. She had slipped into a new gown, a dazzling pearl and gold number that accentuated her tiny waist and sensuous curves. 
He could feel a tightness in his throat, as Luciana leaned forward to whisper in his ear. “I've missed you so, darling. The months you were at sea passed so slowly; I could hardly wait for you to return to me.” Marcus felt his confusion and frustration build. His powerful arms tensed, then he gave into the temptation, kissing Luciana hard on the mouth. 
Luciana pushed him away breathlessly, flashing him a coy smile. “I knew you missed me too, darling.” She walked her fingers slowly up the front of his blue jacket, throwing him flirtatious glances. Marcus felt a struggle within him, but fought to dismiss it. 
“I've missed you,” he admitted, unsure of the veracity of his statement. This was right. Everyone knew Luciana and Marcus were the perfect match. Taking her by the waist, Marcus kissed her thoroughly once more, lingering softly.
A loud coughing noise came from the doorway, ending the moment. A befuddled Malcolm stood in the hallway, next to a startled and flushed Kira. Marcus straightened awkwardly, feeling the heat rise in his face. Damnit, Marcus thought, his whole body tightening. She wasn't supposed to see that. Kira averted her eyes, looking pained, her body frozen in place. Mortification overcame her as she realized what a fool she'd been. 
Luciana noted the awkward silence, watching Kira's blushing face and feeling the tension emanating from Marcus' body. She adjusted her hair elegantly and put on a confident smile. “Helloo there, dear. You must be Marcus' little ward.” Luciana made her way gracefully toward her newly arrived guests. Running her hands lightly over her regal neck, Luciana smiled haughtily. 
“When Marcus told me he'd rescued a young girl, I had no idea you'd be almost fully grown. Marcus, dear, you really must get better at observation. You made it sound as if poor Kira here was just a helpless child.” 
“Don't worry, darling,” Luciana pouted, approaching Kira to brush an errant strand of hair from her face. “Eventually, your body will change and men will come to see you as a woman.” Her lips parted over perfectly straight teeth and she patted Kira on the arm in a condescending manner. Marcus stared at the floor, willing it to open up and swallow him whole.
Kira felt the heat intensify on her face. She couldn't look up; she couldn't even look at him for she felt such a fool. Was he toying with her all along? Laughing at her simple inexperience and modest ways? Kira stared silently at the carpet, begging internally for someone to show her to her room.
“Oh dear...” Luciana carried on. “Oh goodness, don't tell me! Marcus, you didn't let her...!” Luciana let out a tinkly laugh. “Oh darling, don't be so embarrassed. It happens all the time, poor girls, can't help themselves around a man like Captain O'Hare.” 
Marcus could feel himself sweating. His mortification at the situation continued to grow. He tried anxiously to loosen his collar, fighting the feeling of suffocation that filled the room. Luciana threw him a backwards glance, still smilingly away. 
“Come here...darling,” she said, dragging out her words. Marcus crossed the room to stand beside her, glancing furtively in Kira's direction. He felt the disapproving eyes of The Reliance's cook peering at him, but he could not meet them. 
“We will all be so delighted to have such a lovely child join us here. I'm sure my father will be very interested to hear your stories of life on the docks. God knows, I could never survive in such a world, but I suppose some people were made for that sort of thing.” 
Luciana stared icily at Kira, while continuing her high-pitched welcome. When Kira glanced up at her momentarily, Luciana flashed a frighteningly soothing smile. 
“And darling, we had been waiting for The Reliance to return before announcing our news, but I want you to be the first to know. You are Marcus' ward, after all.” Luciana threw her dainty hand into the air, commanding the attention of the room. “We're engaged!” 
Luciana smiled delightedly, with a look of expectation at the room's occupants. “Isn't it wonderful?” she cooed, flashing a large pink diamond on her left hand. She seemed so enamored with the ring that the stiffness that filled the rest of the room seemed to escape her.
“Darling,” Marcus started, a tight look on his masculine face, “Perhaps we should let our guest settle in. Malcolm does need to be on his way.” The two sailors exchanged a glance. Marcus felt a cold pain in his chest at the look of disappointment he saw in Malcolm's eyes. He could not bear to look at Kira. 
Luciana kept up her attempt at smoothing over the atmosphere by calling a maid to show Kira to her room. Kira followed the timid servant up the grand staircase that stood in the entryway. She felt her heart sinking as she imagined staying in this majestic home with O'Hare's fiance. Fiance? 	
Kira had been right all along about this reckless rogue and she could feel the anger rising within her. Everyone seemed so certain Kira would play along, timid little Kira, Marcus O'Hare's young ward. She felt her mouth tighten. She wanted to punch him square in the face, that's what she wanted to do.
As Kira fumed, the mousy-haired maid led the way down a long hall on the second floor. When they reached the door at the end, the quiet servant showed Kira in. She felt herself gasp in awe. 
The room was extravagant, with vaulted ceilings and several tall windows. The draperies were a lovely green color that shimmered softly and accented the intricate design of the white and lilac rug. What really caught her eye, though, was the majestic bed that leaned against the left wall. 
Carved of a rich mahogany wood, the bed looked fit for a queen. It was larger than any bed Kira had ever seen and covered in the most beautiful cream silk duvet. There were pillows covered in cream and the same shimmery light green of the drapes. 
“Oh goodness!” Kira exclaimed. For a moment, the beauty of the room overtook her other concerns. “Isn't it lovely, ma'am?” The girl said softly. 
Kira noted that the maid was very young, about her own age, and seemed nervous. Her soft brown hair and large gray eyes made her appear as a vulnerable animal. “Yes, thank you.” Kira tried hard to smile, unsure if her anger at O'Hare had been misinterpreted by the girl. 
“I've always thought this guest room was particularly fine, ma'am,” she said with a curtsy, making her way to the door. “Oh, excuse me, miss, I nearly forgot. Gowns, in the wardrobe. I believe they were brought here just for you.” The shy servant nodded slightly and slipped out the door, closing it behind her.
Kira rushed to the wardrobe on the far wall. Pulling open the doors, she was shocked to find three beautiful dresses hanging there. Kira felt her stomach tighten with excitement and confusion. 
She saw a lovely gown made of a shimmery bronze color, with pink accents around the collar and skirt. She especially loved the intricate pattern of the bronze fabric, lending allure to what she felt was a very sophisticated gown. 
The second dress was a light mint green design with white lace around the collar and sleeves. She looked at it adoringly and held it to her frame, finding a tall standing mirror in the corner. 
It struck her that the green color was just right and accented her red hair perfectly. How on earth had Luciana known what colors to pick? Kira felt shocked that the haughty socialite would have bothered to pick anything for her to wear at all.
The final gown was a deep purple dress with a very majestic train. There were accents of emerald green throughout the design, and Kira felt sure she would look like royalty in it.  She sighed at her reflection in the mirror. 
The gowns were perfect, which accented the unkempt state of her thick hair. Even her face had a smudge of dirt that had gone unnoticed. She tried to fight the notion that she was completely out of place here.
Kira looked around the room as emotional exhaustion began to set in. She sunk onto the soft bed, wishing she didn't feel so anxious and alone in this intimidating mansion. Her mind traced over the events of the last hour, watching Luciana proudly flaunt her beautiful engagement ring and relationship with Marcus. 
Kira almost choked on the feelings of frustration and pain that rose up in her. How could she be such a fool? And how could he be so utterly heartless?
She allowed her body to collapse tiredly on the luxurious bed, feeling a weariness overcome her. Kira couldn't stand the thought of living here, couldn't handle watching him with her. So close and yet so out of reach. She felt sleep begin to overtake her, closing her eyes to blink away a few rebellious tears that would not be quelled.
* * *
Marcus escorted Malcolm out, walking into the cobbled street with the cook. Malcolm planted his feet squarely and gave his captain a long, tired stare. “It's not my place, sir,” he started with a fatherly air.
“But...” Marcus continued for him.
“She's a lovely girl, Captain. Really she is.”
“I know, Malcolm. That's why I'm marrying her.”
Malcolm cleared his throat with a small smile. “Ahem...no sir, I mean Kira.”
Marcus felt his face flame. Was his attraction to her that obvious? He was doing everything he could to get her out of his head and still everyone seemed to be determined to keep him from succeeding. 
“Kira is of no interest to me. I'm a man. Like any man, it was tempting to have a woman on board. Spending so much time away can be difficult. But that's all it was. A distraction.” Marcus practically growled through his teeth. 
“Of course, sir. Who am I to argue with that?”
Marcus wanted to strangle the portly fellow. He knew Malcolm had an opinion on the matter.
“What is it?” Marcus said, dragging out his words with a slight air of contempt.
“Well, if I may, Captain...” Malcolm started with caution, knowing he was treading on thin ice. “I've never seen you distracted before. Never. In all my years as your cook, you've been the picture of focus, determination, a forceful will that doesn't waver. But now...”
Marcus ears burned; he wanted to explode with anger. He was being criticized and he wouldn't stand for it.
“She's beautiful...” He seethed, his green eyes flashing with frustration. “Don't you understand? She's got something, some kind of magic that makes me crazy. What's a man supposed to do with a beautiful woman in despair, someone who needs him?!” Marcus ran his hands forcefully through his blonde hair and tightened his mouth.
“But that's all. It was a bad situation. I was weak. But I'm not anymore.”
Malcolm looked at the distraught face of his captain, conflict distorting his features. He patted Marcus on the back then took a step back.
“If you've made a decision, I'm sure you've got the wherewithal to see it through, sir. Forgive me for butting in.” Malcolm shook his head sadly, thinking he understood the Captain's own desires more than he did himself. 
Marcus stood in the street for a long while, kicking at the stones. As Malcolm headed to his own lodging, he prayed the younger man wouldn't make a decision that he would struggle with for the rest of his life.



 Introductions

Kira awoke to the soft light of early evening seeping through the windows. She stirred sleepily on the bed, feeling the soft, silky duvet beneath her. 
Her sleep had been restful and restorative, a welcome escape from the turmoil in her waking life. She blinked her eyes a few times, realizing she must have slept for several hours. A rumbling in her stomach caused her thoughts to turn towards dinner.
A quiet knock at the door prompted Kira to sit up. “Yes...” she said sleepily. The mousy-haired maid opened the door stealthily with an apologetic look on her face. “I'm sorry, miss, if I did wake you.  It's just...Miss Luciana says you are to join everyone for dinner in an hour.” The pale girl smiled meekly at Kira, seeming to understand her feeling of displacement. 
“Oh, alright, thank you...um,” Kira searched for a name but could remember none. “It's Maisie, ma'am.” the girl smiled, tilting her head downward ever so slightly. Maisie had a slight frame and wore a pale colored dress. She seemed eager to be of assistance and floated across the room to open the wardrobe.
“What about this one, miss?” Maisie smiled brightly, pulling out the bronze and pink gown that was so distinctive. Maisie's eyes fell on Kira's wild hair and a small giggle escaped her mouth. “Course we'll have to get you bathed first, miss.” 
Kira realized she must be a sight and clasped her hands to her head. She tried her best to smooth the unruly mess of locks, but had little luck. “Oh dear,” Kira sighed, fighting a combination of laughter and tears. “I must seem so silly in this big house, with all these sophisticated people.” A long sigh escaped her mouth and Kira's shoulders slumped defeatedly.
“Now, now, Miss Kira...”Maisie started with a soothing tone. “You needn't be afraid of what anyone here thinks.” She laid the dress across a chair by the window and approached the bed. 
“I can fix your hair up right nice and you'll look just as pretty as any lady there ever was.” She smiled cautiously, her eyes wide and gentle. 
Kira looked up at the kind maid, managing a smile. “Of course. I'm just feeling sorry for myself.” Plucking up, Kira swung her feet off the bed and smiled determinedly. “Do your worst!” she exclaimed. 
Delight filled the timid girl's eyes and she led the way to the bathing room.
* * *
Holding her hands over Kira's eyes, Maisie adjusted the other girl in front of the long mirror in her room. The two had fallen into a playful kinship right away, sharing stories of their lives and families. 
Kira felt a relief to have discovered at least one person she could call a friend in this hostile upper-class world. Maisie was a comforting reminder of the kind of people she had grown up with.
“Ready, miss?” Maisie said with a breath of excitement. Kira nodded rapidly, anxious to see her new appearance. Removing her hands with a flourish, Maisie announced, “There!” Eyes widened, Kira took in her reflection. Her attention flew to the regal arrangement Maisie had created with her hair. 
It was swept up and accentuated the lines of her face in an enchanting manner. Kira was spellbound, studying her new image. She'd never worn a corset before and now the feminine curves of her body were unmistakeable in the gown. There was a soft rosy glow to her cheeks and her supple lips were the perfect pink. Kira couldn't stop staring.
“Oh goodness, you've made me beautiful,” she exclaimed, stunned by her own reflection. Maisie beamed proudly, looking at the finished product of her handiwork. 
“Oh dear, you were beautiful all on your own! No one will doubt you're a lady now,”she said with delight. Kira turned and gave Maisie a long embrace. The kindness of another woman had been something lacking on The Reliance, and now Kira felt some of her loneliness abate.
“Just got to go down and show 'em,” Maisie said with a forceful laugh. She looked a bit embarrassed by her enthusiasm and bowed her head slightly. Kira let out a small laugh and then felt her nerves start to unsettle her. Bracing herself with one last glance in the mirror, Kira turned to make her way downstairs.
* * *
Marcus had arrived early for dinner at the Kensington's. He sat broodingly in a dark library, the room decorated for the tastes of Luciana's father. He tapped his foot, impatiently, waiting for Luciana to grace him with her presence. He needed to see her, needed to remind himself of why he'd chosen her in the first place. Besides, her beauty always brought him to his knees. He needed to be utterly enraptured with someone, and it couldn't be Kira.
“Marcus...” a voice whispered softly at the door. He looked up from the large chair with a start. Luciana was standing at the entrance of the room, looking more alluring than she ever had. He felt his heart jump into his throat.
“Kiss me,” she whispered provocatively, closing the door behind her. Marcus was on his feet in no time, driven in part by desire, in part by determination. He would marry Luciana Kensington. It was meant to be.
“Hello...” Luciana smiled softly at him as he reached her. He took his large hands and placed them softly around her face. “Kiss me...”she breathed. 
Marcus felt his frustration building, the conflict of the past weeks wearing on him. He pinned her to the wall, holding her shoulders down with brute strength. A look of shock ran through her eyes, and Marcus felt his heart start to race. “Ow...”she cried out in pain. Marcus' eyes danced, her helplessness stoking his desire.
As he leaned in to kiss her, Kira's fragile face popped into his mind. Marcus stepped back in disgust, grunting with frustration. “Get out...go!” He turned his back to Luciana, reeling with anger and confusion. Luciana's eyes widened in dismay, her face flushed from his now-removed attention.
“What?!” She screamed angrily, feeling embarrassment beginning to color her face. Her mind raced with ideas and she found herself settling on her auburn-haired guest. “Is it that girl?” she cried with contempt, trying to keep herself from shaking.
“It's nothing,” Marcus said forcefully. “Please,” Luciana spouted with disgust, “I've known you too long for that too work.” She slithered up to him from behind, massaging his tense shoulders with her feminine hands.
“You've always been true to me.” Luciana moved her palms across his back, then slowly wrapped her hands around his torso, clinging to him. “What has she done to you?” 
Marcus blinked hard, trying to wipe away the confusion that was clouding his judgment. 
“You know what we have is more powerful than the temptations of a fleeting dalliance. You'd never be happy with a mere girl.” Luciana purred.
She unlinked her arms and moved towards the door. “I'd certainly hate for you to ruin everything we've built together. You know you and I will run London. We can have anything we want. Don't mess it up.” 
Spite soaked her words and she could feel her fists tightening in anger. If this little strumpet thought she could take her man, Lady Luciana Kensington's man, she had another thing coming!
* * *
As Kira walked down the hall and stepped into the landing, the sound of polite conversation came floating up the stairs. Several unknown voices carried on below and Kira felt sudden alarm. 
When Luciana had requested her for dinner, she had no idea this meant there would be guests. Sliding her palms down the structured ribbing at her waist, Kira tried to convince herself she was the picture of elegance. Calm, unaffected. She could stare Marcus O'Hare in the eye and not feel a thing. She would be fearless tonight.
* * *
Sir Richard Hampton cut a dapper figure in his sharp formal attire. His dark hair was slicked back, revealing a strong brow, mysterious brown eyes and an aristocratic mouth. He stood patiently in the elegant foyer, making polite conversation with Luciana's closest friend, Lady Regina Proust. 
She was a slim blonde woman with a pale complexion and a piercingly high-pitched voice. She had a small spattering of freckles across her petite nose, and her full lips were most often curled into a large smile.  
Sir Richard found himself nodding repeatedly, as Lady Regina went on and on about an unseemly occurrence that she'd witnessed at the park. Her shrill laughter seemed to get higher and higher with every detail that she added to the story. He found himself searching for a way out when he noticed a luminous redhead floating silently down the stairs.
“...And that's when I told them I'd never seen such a horrifying sight!” Regina continued, unaware that she had lost Richard's attention. His eyes were fixed on the beautiful goddess that was approaching the foot of the stairs.
“May I, madam?” Richard asked, stepping forward to offer his hand to the radiant female that stood blinking her wide eyes at him. Kira took Sir Richard's hand, clearing the last step with ease. She looked up uncertainly and Richard could feel her nervousness. His dark eyes were fixed on her face, taking in the soft feminine beauty and radiance of her delicate features.
“Oh,” Kira replied softly. “Thank you.” “From the look on your face, you'd think you were headed to the guillotine,” Sir Richard said with a wink. Kira blushed. 
He gave her an appraising look up and down then flashed her a devilish smile. She realized he was blatantly flirting with her. A surge of confidence ran through her, easing some of the trepidation she felt about seeing Marcus again.
“Oh goodness, are you the dock girl?” Regina cried loudly. She managed to scoot her way between Sir Richard and Kira, feigning interest. “It must be so horrible to have been out on the open sea with such brutes. Oh yes, Luciana told me all about it.” The bright red hue of Kira's face increased and she tried to nod politely. 
“It was a very difficult experience.”
Looking up, Kira noticed Sir Richard's dark eyes lingering on her. He was a dashing man, handsome and distinctive in his way. There was a slight air of danger about him, despite his polished manner and clothes. Kira felt her heart jump a little at his gaze, trying to dismiss the smoldering attention he sent her way.
The three walked into an elegant dining room that sat directly across from the sitting room. Sir Richard had offered his arm to both ladies while Lady Regina launched into another story. Kira took a seat at an ornate table next to Sir Richard and across from Regina. Looking around constantly, she tried to brace herself for the moment he would walk in.
“Oh, goodness, forgive us for being late.” a perturbed Luciana swept in from the back of the room, Marcus following close behind her. A distinctive older gentleman entered the room as well. 
“Sir Richard, Regina, darling, so glad you both could make it. Kira, dear, this is my father, Lord Arthur Kensington.” Doing her best to smile politely, Kira nodded at the man. “A pleasure to meet you,” he said with a warmth his daughter lacked. 
“I've been very enthralled by the stories Marcus has told of your harrowing adventures on the open sea.” The older man smiled warmly and Kira tried to decide if he could possibly be as genuine as he seemed.
“Yes, it seems Kira is quite the heroine. Surviving such atrocities and managing to continue on.” Sir Richard smiled openly at Kira, taking her hand to kiss it. 
Kira felt a tingle run up her arm and tried to keep herself from blushing. When she looked up, Marcus was glaring at her from across the table. Flustered, she blinked rapidly and tried to think of something, anything to say. 
“Oh, please,” Kira smiled, directing a flirtatious glance at Sir Richard. “You make it sound as if I were Joan of Arc.” She felt her pulse start to race as Sir Richard's interested glance dropped to her plump lips. The attention had her undone, but she couldn't resist the urge to take another look in Marcus' direction. 
His green eyes had turned dark and he seemed to be seething. Victory! Kira thought, wanting to laugh at his displeasure. How dare he think he had any right to be angry? She could speak to who she wanted, how she wanted. He was engaged!
“Oh, yes, I have to commend you, Miss Kira, for making it through such an ordeal,” Lord Kensington said, nodding in Kira's direction. “I have a feeling Luciana would have been absolutely hysterical!” 
His good-natured laughter warmed the whole table, but Luciana looked furious. “Oh father, please...Fortunately, I don't spend time unaccompanied on docks, so strange men aren't something I have to fear.” The table fell awkwardly silent, and Kira could feel humiliation seeping into her gut. 
“As I understand it,” Marcus's low, masculine tone started, “Kira was trying to aid her father, who had rescued another girl in danger.” 
Looking up hesitantly, Kira saw his kind eyes gazing at her and her whole body went weak. She couldn't stand it. He couldn't be nice to her.     No, he wasn't allowed to be nice to her after smashing her heart into so many bits. She wanted to hate him but couldn't find the stomach for it.
Luciana flashed Marcus a loathing glance, then whispered something under her breath.
Trying to rescue the somber conversation, Richard started with a jovial laugh, “Lady Regina, tell them the story you were telling me earlier. You've just got to hear it, Lord Arthur.” 
Looking up at the dark stranger next to her, Kira felt a wave of gratitude. He flashed another, more sincere smile, revealing a perfect set of teeth. She knew nothing about this man, but his polished manners and gentlemanly efforts to save her had her distracted. 
Maybe she didn't need Marcus O'Hare, she reasoned with herself. Maybe that was just a girlish crush intensified by the severe nature of her experience at sea. Perhaps she could forget him entirely. 
After the dinner had ended, the entire party retired to a large parlor in the back of the house. It had several large windows and doors giving way to the view of a beautiful garden. 
Luciana and Regina were deep in discussion about a trip they were planning, shopping in Paris. Feeling rather out of place, Kira walked uncertainly into the room, noting the three men relaxing near the fireplace. 
“Miss Kira,” Sir Richard jumped to his feet, escorting her into the parlor. “Would you like to take a walk in the garden with me?” 
Kira felt herself blush, feeling his gaze on her face. Looking up, she smiled confidently, noting that his dark eyes seemed to be dancing in response to her shyness. Sir Richard whisked her out the door quickly, and as Kira glanced back she saw Marcus glaring intently in their direction.
Soon, they were walking amid a dazzling maze of flowers and greenery. The air was fragrant with the smell of the blooms and a light breeze rustled Kira's hair. She found herself in rapt discussion with the man, listening to him describe the shipping company he had started. 
“It's not usual for someone of my stature to start an enterprise such as this, but I feel restless going about my life without working.” His gaze kept lingering on her face and Kira could feel herself trying to ignore the attraction. The attention was like a soothing ointment on her wounded soul. It felt good to be wanted.
Pausing next to a blossoming rose bush, Sir Richard picked one and presented it to her. “For the most elegant lady in London,” he said with a cheeky grin. She smiled up at him, wide-eyed, then took the rose. 
Their eyes stayed locked and Kira could feel the intensity of his gaze. Suddenly, there were hands around her waist and he was kissing her hard. Kira felt her body fall limp against his and she did little to fight his kiss. Richard's arms moved up and down her back, holding her tightly. A heady feeling enveloped Kira and she returned his kiss softly. 
The sound of someone clearing their throat cut loudly through the moment. Startled, Kira looked up to see Marcus standing on the path, his eyes dark and unreadable. It seemed all the heat of a bright summer sun was emanating from her face. Sir Richard also seemed embarrassed and put a small amount of distance between the two of them.
“There's a messenger here for you. Something about a shipment.” Marcus clipped.
Sir Richard nodded in response and quickly made his way back to the house. Hoping Marcus would follow suit, Kira glanced around the garden for a moment. 
When she looked up, she realized he hadn't moved. His eyes were fixed on her; his face unreadable. Kira was so tired of it; the brooding glances, the misplaced anger. She willed herself to stay silent but failed.
“What?!?” Kira stammered. “What is it, Captain O'Hare?” She said with a mocking tone to her voice. “Why must you insist on staring at me like that?  It's rude!!” She could feel the anger start to build in her, finally finding a release. “Do you think it's your job to watch my every move? Because, guess what, it's not!” 
Marcus started moving towards her rapidly, his jaw set in a determined line. Startled by his intense gaze and movement, Kira stepped back nervously. She watched him run his hands anxiously through his hair, then rub his forehead as if trying to find words. 
Finally, he looked at her with certainty and started to speak. “You can't spend time with him. You just can't.” Kira crinkled her eyes and squinted at him, trying to think if she'd ever heard something more ridiculous. 
“Excuse me, I didn't realize you were my father!” Laughing frustratedly, Marcus tried to calm himself. 
“No, Kira, I'm not your father. But you should know better than to kiss a man you hardly know! One day on land and you're already flirting with anything you can get your hands on!” He spat angrily. His masculine jaw jutted forward and his imposing body seemed to tower over her.
Hurt by his insinuation, Kira threw her head back with fury. “Oh please, you didn't seem to mind when you were the one kissing me in your bunk! It's really too bad you forgot to mention you were engaged!” 
Kira felt the rage pouring out of her as she recalled the image of Marcus and Luciana embracing in the sitting room. “And maybe, just maybe, next time you want to have a little fun with a dock girl, you can be honest about it instead of telling the world you're my benefactor!” 
Marcus felt the air leave his chest. He looked at her, deflated. “It's not like that!” 
“Oh, I'm sure it's not. That must be what every lecherous man in London uses as an excuse!”
“Kira, stop!” Marcus had gripped her arms, keeping her from throwing any wild punches in his direction. Kira looked up at him, broken and tired from the anger and pain. He saw her bright blue eyes well up with tears and shame filled him. 
“You've got to understand,” he said soothingly, his green eyes wide with pain. “I never, never meant to hurt you. I got engaged long before I met you and I just, I just...” Marcus trailed off in confusion.
“You just...what? Wanted one more run around? One last hurrah before married life?” Kira tried frantically to keep the tears from pouring down her face. “I trusted you!” Breaking free from his arms, Kira ran toward the house, desperately trying to dry her face.
Marcus turned with a sigh, silently kicking himself for being such an idiot.



 Battles

Kira raced inside the house, ignoring the curious glances of Luciana and her father. She headed rapidly towards the stairs, but was stopped by Sir Richard in the foyer. 
“I'm sorry I had to run off, that was incredibly rude of me.” Kira glanced back to see him sitting casually on a bench. She wiped her face self-consciously, aware that she couldn't hide the fact that she'd been crying. 
“Did I cause this?” he said, standing to wipe a tear from her cheek. “No, no...it wasn't you.” Sir Richard smiled generously at her, gently caressing her cheek. “There, there. Well, whatever it was, perhaps I can lift your spirits by asking you if you'd like to dance.”
“Dance?” Kira giggled softly, wondering what on earth he meant. Sir Richard looked slightly ruffled and his usual smile showed a bit of nerves. 	“I mean, I'd like to ask you if you'd accompany me to the Royal Ball next weekend.” His dark eyes were expectant and a hint of a devilish smile was making its way across his face.
“Oh...I...I would love it.”
Sir Richard beamed at her, his smile giving him away. “Wonderful. I will be here to pick you up at 6 o'clock on next Saturday night.” Dropping a kiss on her cheek, Sir Richard flashed one more charming smile in her direction and walked out the door.
Kira felt herself sigh. She was completely caught up in the moment and had forgotten the heartbreak of her recent tears. Turning to run up the stairs with a small burst of excitement, Kira saw Luciana and Marcus walking arm in arm down the hall. A deep ache gripped her heart but she did her best to ignore it. 
* * *
One morning, a few weeks into her stay in London, Kira decided she had to get out of the house. She could feel the bitterness of Luciana's gaze whenever they were in the same room and the tension was getting to her. Slipping out of her bedroom at the first of dawn, she tip-toed down the hall to the bathing room in her petticoat. Kira knew Luciana's father was out of town for several days and had little worries of being seen by anyone. Finding a small amount of delight at her stealth, she swung the door to the bathing room open. Surprise filled her when she saw Luciana had beaten her to it. The glorious beauty was covered in bubbles, leisurely enjoying herself. She looked up sharply when Kira opened the door, and a look of unveiled disdain filled her eyes.
“Oh...it's you...” Luciana's usual manner of showmanship had disappeared. The perfect hostess was not to be found on this particular morning. Kira whirled to escape the awkward moment, but Luciana stopped her. “Do help me, please. I didn't bother waking my maid.” Kira felt eyes in the back of her neck and turned very slowly. “Of course,” she said.
Luciana stood up in the claw-foot tub, bubbles clinging to her body. Kira felt embarrassment at the other woman's lack of modesty, but couldn't help noticing how perfect her form was. 
A tinge of jealousy bit into her. Luciana was curvaceous and alluring, holding all the womanly appeal that Kira felt she lacked. No wonder Marcus was so determined to marry her. 
Taking a soft towel from the rack, Kira helped Luciana out of the tub. She tried to divert her eyes, willing the awkwardness to evaporate from the room. No such luck. Thinking her duties done, Kira took a step towards the door. Luciana had wrapped herself in the towel and sat on a chair at her vanity. 
“Do brush my hair, dear.” Her tone was monotone, emotionless. Kira couldn't help feeling that she was being lured into a trap. She nodding hesitantly, then took the ornate brush from the vanity.
“You know, I understand the allure that a man like Marcus has for women. Any woman really. Especially young, naïve girls like yourself.” 	Luciana was staring with satisfaction at her reflection as Kira smoothed the tangles from her dark hair. “And I'm sure there has to be a certain kind of man that would respond to your fresh-faced innocence.” Kira felt a wave of heat roll over her face. She tried desperately to avoid eye-contact in the mirror.
“But a man like Marcus,” Luciana continued, “A man like Marcus needs a real woman. He's a rough, brutal man and those types of men crave a certain sensuality. Feminine curves, an irresistible mysterious allure that keeps them coming back for more.” 
Luciana smiled wickedly and met Kira's eyes in the mirror. “He can't resist me, darling. I'm the one addiction Marcus O'Hare will never be able to beat.” Her insides broiling, Kira longed to race from the room but stood her ground nonetheless. 
“I know this may be all new to you, but men like that require a physicality that would make a sweet little girl like you blush.” Internally, Kira cursed herself for doing just that. 
“And while Marcus may have enjoyed the idea of your innocent flirtation, the depth of his desire for me would never really disappear. And I don't imagine you could live with that, could you? Poor sweet little Kira...”
Kira dropped the brush on the vanity, feeling anger heat her insides. She could think of absolutely nothing to say to this witch of a woman. Luciana seemed to sense victory and smiled dangerously. 
With a twitch of her hips, Luciana stood, allowing the towel to drop dramatically from her frame. Flaunting her abundant curves in Kira's mortified face, she tilted her head back and laughed seductively. “That will be all, dear.”
* * *
Rushing from the room in horror, Kira tried to erase Luciana's taunting words from her mind. She hated her. Absolutely hated her. She had half a mind to pack all her belongings and leave right away. But where would she go? Being homeless was not a choice she could make, no matter how devilish her host was. 
Slamming the door behind her, Kira retreated to her room. She flung open her wardrobe and grabbed the mint green dress. She had to get out of this house. 
Away from this horrible woman and her perfect mansion. Ugh. Kira could only sigh in disgust at the envy that Luciana triggered in her. It was bad enough she was rich and beautiful. But the fact that she had Marcus...well, it made Kira boil with anger. 
After  pulling her hair back and taking a look at her irritated face in the mirror, Kira flew out of her room, down the stairs and out the front door. She had no idea where she was headed but she couldn't bear one more moment in that house.
Kira moved quickly through the street, noting once again the quiet nature of the area. The row of beautiful houses faced a vibrant green park, featuring numerous tall trees providing shade. Deciding to head in that direction, Kira sighed in relief. The air was fresh and cool on that particular morning and she let herself relish the feel of it caressing her skin.
She even found herself smiling as she saw a pair of bluebirds, flitting above her head with a merry sound. Perhaps this day wouldn't be so bad after all. 
She could fill her head with all sorts of thoughts, outside of Marcus and his devil bride. A tinge of laughter threatened to take her over as she thought about the ridiculous situation Luciana had put her in. Perhaps she had rattled her more than she cared to admit.
Kira kept her pace, finding a path amidst the trees and bushes.  Replaying her interactions with Sir Richard in her mind, she tried to imagine herself with a man like that. 
He wasn't Marcus. That much was obvious. They were drastically different. But perhaps that could be a good thing. She was smiling another little smile to herself when she ran face first into a very solid body. 
“Not again.” 
Kira's eyes flashed upward and she wanted to scream. Of course, it was him.
“Marcus.” She didn't even feign a smile. His handsome face was darkened from the sun and his full lips were curled up in a devilish smile. Perhaps they were made for each other, Kira thought. 
They stood in silence for a moment, each trying to decide their next move. Kira couldn't help herself, her eyes roaming hungrily over his perfectly sculpted face. The realization that he would never be hers had given her a sort of freedom, and now she looked at him in a way she hadn't dared before.
“Like what you see?” He threw her a suggestive grin. Ugh. “Go away,” she shot back, turning to head around his large frame. Marcus grabbed her arm possessively and yanked her in his direction. “No,” he said calmly. 
His eyes met hers with authority and he seemed to dare her to defy him. Kira looked up into his fierce gaze, feeling like she was floating in an ocean of green. She felt her resolve weaken, the pressure of his hand still firm on her arm. 
A wicked thought popped into Kira's head and she fought to conceal the smile that came with it. Alarm filled Marcus' face and he looked at her sternly. “What is it?” 
“Nothing at all,” she said playfully. Her sudden change of tone had Marcus bewildered and he stepped back, releasing her arm. But Kira wasn't satisfied with that one small victory. 
With an alluring smile, she leaned closer to him, looking up with eyes wide and innocent. “You're right. Why should I run away from you every time you're near?” She smiled softly, flashing her baby blues at him with a smoldering intensity. Kira looked down, bit her lip softly and moved just a little bit closer. 
Marcus could feel his body heat rising. This side of Kira was completely new to him, and terrifying as hell. He'd been so drawn to her innocence, her quiet beauty, but the woman before him now was a vixen, a very dangerous vixen. He felt his pulse start to race wildly and he tried to take a step back.
“No, no, no,” Kira said with a boldness that surprised even her. “You said you weren't going anywhere.” She smiled coyly and closed the distance between them. 
Reaching out her delicate hand, Kira traced the line of Marcus' jacket buttons slowly up his chest. With the lightest touch, she teased him. She could almost feel herself panicking for her boldness, but the feeling of power pushed her on. For once, he was looking at her with large, helpless eyes and Kira wanted to milk the moment for as long as she could. 
There was hardly any space between them now and Marcus seemed caught in a trance. His mouth hung open, dumb-founded, at he stared at her with a growing passion in his gaze. “This isn't you, Kira...” He said, with a breathless tone. Indecision flashed into his eyes, then he leaned forward to kiss her upturned mouth. 
In a flash, Kira had ducked his advances. Turning with a victorious smirk on her face, she shrugged. “You're right, it isn't.” She bounded on without a glance back, feeling as if she'd just won a mighty battle.
Marcus leaned against a tree in exasperation, watching her slight frame bounce happily out of sight. The thought of strangling her was the only thing keeping him upright at that point.
* * *
As Kira walked happily through the gardens, a skip in her step, she was unaware that a pair of dark eyes were following her. From behind a tree, a certain devilish pirate watched with interest as Kira skipped along, humming to herself. 
His features were as hard as ever, framed by pitch black hair and the roguish leather jacket that he always wore. He licked his lips, a feral growl escaping from them. He'd been bested by that persistent sailor, forced into selling her, but he hadn't liked it.
Now it seemed, fate had brought him exactly what he wanted. The chance to finish what he started. He trailed Kira stealthily, watching her cross the street and skip up the steps of a regal mansion. He smiled as he watched her auburn head disappear inside. It was the perfect Cat-and-Mouse game, and he knew exactly where the mouse lived.



 Danger

Kira retreated to her room as quickly as she could. Night was just beginning to fall, but she felt certain she would enjoy herself much better alone in her quarters. 
She stood at the large window facing the gardens, her eyes roving over the dusky landscape. She replayed the conversation she'd had with Sir Richard there, remembering his admiring glances and the way he flattered her so sincerely. Marcus would never do that. He'd never love her, never treat her with a tender sweetness.
Kira felt the aching bitterness of her disappointment and tried to convince herself that Sir Richard was meant for her. He certainly made a wonderful companion and Kira knew she had to find a way to fill the hole in her heart left by Marcus O'Hare. 
Maybe it was true that she was a silly girl who fell in love all too easily, but it didn't matter now. All she could do was try to patch herself together so she never felt this way ever, ever again.
A movement in the garden caught Kira's eye and she jumped. Was someone out there? She squinted to make out a form, but could see nothing in the dwindling light. Suddenly, a chill gripped her as she remembered the fearful nights she spent on the ocean. 
She laughed nervously, reminding herself that she was no longer living on the docks and that she'd long been rescued from the heartless pirates. She was here now, in a veritable fortress, a beautiful mansion in the best part of town.
Kira sighed. It must have been a rabbit rustling through the garden. No need to be alarmed. Sleepiness overtook her, reminding her of what a toll upper-class life was taking on her. She readied for bed, smiling at the freedom she had to curl up cozily whenever she chose. The soft breeze from her window made her feel deliriously happy and she let sleep take over.
* * *
The strong smell of alcohol permeated the air. Kira, half-asleep, wondered if she was dreaming. She felt a groggy heaviness, like her body was being weighed down by an anchor. In her semi-conscious state, Kira tried to determine why the dream felt so real. Her eyes blinked open momentarily to pitch darkness. 
Still, the air smelled rank of sweat and whiskey. Kira told herself to go back to sleep, sure she was imagining it all. 
Her stupor was ripped from her when the feeling of heaviness on her body started to move. “Not a peep, sweetheart,” a gravelly voice whispered in her ear, identifying the source of the pungent air. Kira's eyes flew open in panic at the sound of the pirate's voice. 
She could feel his weight on her now, pinning her to the bed. His calloused hands were running along her arms, and she felt her whole body tighten with fear. 
“What do you want?” Kira whispered in a panic. His hands were roving over her stomach now, triggering a sick feeling in her gut. “I just want to finish getting to know you, doll...” His menacing voice came back, just inches from her face. Suddenly, the feel of whiskers bristled across her cheek and he kissed her neck tauntingly. 
“Noo..no.” 
Desperation oozed from Kira, and she recoiled from the chilling touch of his mouth on her skin. She tried hard to bend her legs, hoping she could push him off with her knees. She was no match for his unfettered strength, however, and her efforts only made him laugh. 
“There, there, little mouse. Don't be afraid. I let you go once, don't think a man like me ever makes that mistake twice. However, I can be a rewarding master, if you know how to submit.”
He kissed her hard on the mouth then, muffling Kira's attempts at a scream. She felt as if her body would explode from the terror. It seemed she was watching the whole thing unfold from the ceiling, unable to step in and stop the chain of events. When the pirate's hungry mouth released her and moved down to her neck, Kira let out the loudest scream she could manage. 
He recoiled at the noise, raising up to slap her hard on the mouth. “Ah!” Kira cried, the pain smarting intensely. Suddenly, there was a sound at the door and it swung open. Luciana stood with a lamp in hand, shocked at the sight before her. The pirate lay atop Kira in what appeared to be a very compromising position. 
“Get out!” Luciana screamed, angry and fearful all at once. “Get out of my house!”
The pirate released Kira, slipping off the bed and heading for the window in a flash. Before Kira could even move, he had disappeared down the side of the house.
Kira felt relief flood her and she began to sob uncontrollably. It had taken her so long to recover from her fear, so long to feel that she could go out into the world without terror. 
Now she was right back where she'd been, paralyzed by anxiety and dread. She turned to her side and cried into her pillow, her body racked with deep, guttural sobs. 
Luciana moved quietly to the window and closed it. She felt anger rise in her. This girl was bringing all kinds of unwanted things into her home. 
Threatening her peace, threatening her safety, threatening her relationship with Marcus. She felt no pity for Kira's broken tears. Instead, she wished she would just shut up.
* * *
The next day, Kira felt the temptations of depression, begging her to stay in bed. Her face ached where he'd hit her while her whole body felt sore and bruised. She felt her resolve weakening, the wall that she'd built between her and Marcus one she wished she could erase. Only he could comfort her. Only he could make her feel safe. That made her sadness cut even deeper. She was alone in this.
Turning to wrap herself deeper into the covers, she heard a soft pattering of steps in the room. Maisie slipped onto the bed quietly. “Miss Kira...Miss Kira...it's awfully late. We've usually done your hair by now.” Maisie put one hand softly on Kira's turned shoulder. “Are you feeling alright?” 
Kira turned over slowly, not bothering to hide her bruised cheek. “Oh dear...” Maisie's eyes widened in horror. “What happened? Who did this to you?” Maisie was a flurry of anger and motherly concern, softly brushing a tangled strand from Kira's eyes. 
Kira sat up and let her body collapse against Maisie's shoulder. Maisie wrapped her arms tightly around the other girl, feeling her body go limp. “It was the pirate.” she whispered blankly. Her eyes stared straight ahead, glazed over in listless detachment. 
“The pirate...? You mean the pirate who kidnapped you?”
Kira barely nodded. “Oh dear....” Maisie hugged her tighter, trying to soothe her with soft, comforting words. 
“Don't worry, Miss Kira. Everything's gonna be alright. Captain Marcus will never let anything happen to you. I know it to be true. Once he finds out what this bastard has done, it will only be a matter of time before that pirate leaves this world.” 
“I just wanted him to love me.”
Maisie stared up at the ceiling for a moment, trying to blink away the tears that were threatening to overwhelm her. She felt such a kinship with this girl and now her heart ached at the brokenness she saw in her. 
“Does he know? Have you ever told 'em?” Kira shook her head and bit her lip hard. How could she tell him? He'd only laugh in her face. He was engaged and she was merely the last bit of fun he'd tell his friends about. 
“He doesn't care about me. I'm just a dock girl. And besides, Luciana made it clear I'm not really even his type.” Kira cursed herself for sounding so pitiful. Her body felt broken and all she could think of was lying in Marcus' arms. Oh, how she longed to be close to him.
“I've seen him look at you. It's not the same as how he looks at Lady Luciana. And what other girl in the world has Captain Marcus O'Hare looking out for her? Why would he do that if you meant nothing to him?”
“I don't know... I'm so confused. I was doing so good at resisting his charm. I finally felt like I was winning this stupid game that these people play. But now...one bad night and all I want is to go running to him.”
Maisie smiled a wistful smile. “That's what love does to people, Miss. Not a-one of us can outwit love.” Squeezing Kira's hand, Maisie soothed, “Maybe you shouldn't try.”
Kira felt a sudden resolve move through her. She wiped her tears away and untangled herself from Maisie's arms. “Thank you, friend,” she said, kissing her on the cheek. 
Kira stood up gingerly, feeling an ache in her muscles and began to get dressed. “Let me help you, Miss.” Maisie helped her slowly dress for the day, watching Kira's usual spirits gradually return.
“You've got to tell him.”
“I know,” Kira said with a sigh. “I will when I see him at the ball.” 
Kira silently kicked herself for making such a plan when Sir Richard was so excited to escort her. Still, she knew Richard would never have a chance if she didn't make sure that Marcus felt nothing for her. She'd spend the rest of her life distracted if she didn't tell him the truth.
“Oh look, there's that girl I met just a few weeks ago.” Maisie smiled her eager, honest smile as Kira smoothed her hair back. Kira smiled back at her. 
“I won't be a chicken. No pirate can stop me, and neither can some silly sailor.” The two giggled softly before the mirror, both relieved to be laughing once again.



 The Royal Ball

The entire house was bustling with excitement on a pleasant Saturday afternoon. The Royal Ball had everyone in London talking and Luciana demanded only the best preparations for the evening. 
She had dressmakers there for final fittings, ready to pick one gown out of many for the occasion. The front parlor had been turned into a fitting room and now it was abuzz with activity.
“No, not that one,” Luciana insisted, pointing to a silk chartreuse gown with a look of disgust. She was standing on a small stage in the middle of the room, while dressmakers adjusted the fit of an elegant champagne-colored gown. Still, around her, there were at least half a dozen other options, waiting to either be disposed of or chosen to shine for the evening.
Kira snuck down the stairs cautiously, berating herself for being so curious. Still, she couldn't help it. She'd never been to a fitting and had certainly never been able to pick her own dresses down to the finest detail. She watched in awe as Luciana commanded the room, accepting no excuses from the eager-to-please minions who surrounded her. 
A wave of dread overtook her when she heard Luciana's voice call her name. “Kira, darling, I see you. Don't be shy. I'm sure this is all very foreign to you.” 
Kira was disgusted with herself for getting caught, but what could she do now? She was a grown woman, it wouldn't do to be seen racing up the stairs after Luciana had called to her. 
Straightening her dress, Kira tried her best to walk down the stairs in a carefree manner. But when she reached the parlor, her wide eyes gave her away. Everything was so stunning, so incredibly lavish. 
Luciana herself looked like a goddess, wrapped in the silkiest looking creation she'd ever seen. The bodice was adorned with lace and an intricate panel of maroon applique flowers. Kira sighed. Would it be obvious to the world that she didn't belong at the ball tonight? Because she certainly felt her status in that moment.
“Oh, goodness, no. That's wrong, all wrong.” 
Kira tightened at the demanding sound of Luciana's voice. The dresses were beautiful but she wanted an excuse, a reason to slip away from Luciana's spiteful glare. As if hearing her silent plea, Maisie appeared from the main hallway with an excited smile on her face.
“We must get you ready for the ball, Miss Kira!” Her enthusiasm was far beyond anything Kira had been able to conjure up, even though she was admittedly excited to attend her first ball.
“You're going to the ball?,” Luciana reeled, making no efforts to conceal her look of outrage. 
“Yes, Luciana, I am.” Kira smiled to herself, enjoying the panicked look in Luciana's eyes. If Luciana wanted to be the belle of the ball, she could. Kira just wanted to get through the night without finding herself in knots at the sight of her with Marcus.
“Maisie's right, I best get ready now.” With a spring in her step, Kira whirled towards the massive staircase with a quiet smile. Maisie had saved her. Kira could have kissed her!
* * *
“This is the dress,” Maisie declared, holding up the glorious purple and emerald gown with a lavish train. “No one will be able to take their eyes off you!” Maisie held the dress to her body and whirled around. Her gray eyes were wide with wonder.
Kira laughed at Maisie's theatrics. “I'm just so worried I'll stick out like a sore thumb. I've never been to a ball and a hardly know a thing about dancing.”
Maisie reverently laid the gown on the bed, then took Kira's hands. “Like this...” She slowly moved through the steps, demonstrating the minuet. “Ahh...noo, I keep messing it up.”
“You'll do just fine, miss. Don't worry. Just try again.” The two girls danced across the ornate rug time after time until Kira felt she understood the steps. Some of her anxiety was beginning to ease. “Where on earth did you learn this, Maisie?” 
“Oh, you know. Once I got to accompany Lady Kensington to Paris for shopping and there was a ball.”
“You went to a ball?”
Maisie chuckled, “Well, I wasn't supposed to be there, but Miss Luciana was feeling faint and so I had to be on hand. She wouldn't hear of missing the ball. I spent the whole night imagining it was me glidin' across that magnificent floor.”
“And now I get to go. Oh, Maisie, I wish you could come! I don't deserve any of this, it's all just a big accident.”
Maisie smiled. “Well, I'm not sure that's true. Captain Marcus must think mighty highly of you to make a way for you here in London.” Kira felt herself blushing. 
“I shouldn't say this, really, miss, but I heard Lady Luciana speaking with Lady Regina the other night.”
“Oh,” Kira asked, averting her eyes so Maisie couldn't see her interest.
“Yes, miss. I think she hates you something awful. She said she's only allowing you to stay here because she doesn't want Marcus to think badly of her.”
“Oh,” Kira laughed, “Well, I could have told you as much as all that.” 
“Well, that's not the worst of it.” Maisie paused momentarily, feeling guilt over sharing so much. “Oh goodness, I really shouldn't say.”
“Don't do that to me, Maisie! What is it?!” Kira's curiousity was piqued and she could feel herself tensing up with worry.
“I think she may be plotting against you.”
“It wouldn't surprise me even a little bit.”
Kira's nerves started to get to her as she considered the thought that the events leading to this evening might all be an elaborate ruse by Luciana. 
“Surely, she's not so bad as that. Besides, Maisie, she all but told me she knew Marcus would never want me. There's no way she'd bother with me now.”
Maisie sat down on the bed next to Kira. “I just don't want this night to be upsetting for you. I want you to have what every girl like you or me ever dreams of.” Maisie smiled sweetly, then gave Kira a sisterly hug. 
Kira felt emotion overtake her and she suddenly wished she'd grown up with a sister just like Maisie. “Ah,” Kira sighed, wiping away a tear. 
“I will go and I will have the best night of my life, Luciana or not. Thank you, dear Maisie, for being such a sweet friend. I'm so glad I found you.”
Maisie lapped up the affection like a delighted puppy, smiling with wide eyes and then hugging Kira even tighter. “Never thought I'd 'ave a friend who went to balls...” Kira laughed loudly and the two of them fell back in laughter. 
* * *
Marcus drew a breath as Luciana slid down the stairs, dazzling in an elegant sea blue gown. She was perfect as always. 
“Marcus, darling, you look so handsome.”
“I was just about to tell you how stunning you look. As always.”
Luciana wrapped herself around Marcus with a tempting smile, then kissed him softly. “I do hope we can put the argument we had on your return behind us.” She smiled coyly, leaning into him. “You mean far too much to me to let a silly misunderstanding get in the way.” 
“Of course.” 
“Also, I was hoping we could set a date for our nuptials. Everyone is dying to know when the most enviable couple in town will be married.”
Marcus swallowed hard, envisioning his life once he was married. There would be no more slipping, no more distractions. There could definitely be no Kira.
“Darling?” Luciana's violet eyes were flashing up at him, annoyance apparent. 
“Yes, dear...Of course, we can set a date. The sooner the better,” he said hastily. Luciana practically purred like a very pleased cat, wrapping her arms even tighter around him. “Wonderful! You've given me everything I've ever wanted. But you do know this...ward of yours will have to go. Father was just saying it wouldn't do to have her living in our home when we're married.”
Marcus highly doubted that, but said nothing about it. Lord Kensington had a heart of gold and was unlikely to see a young girl thrown out on the streets. 
“Yes, of course, when we marry, we'll find an appropriate place for her to live.”
Luciana looked vexed and her eyes narrowed ever so slightly. “When we are married?”
Marcus could see it wasn't a question, but a trap. He felt a moment of anger over her manipulative tactics. As much as he enjoyed her charm and her irresistible beauty, her need to control provoked his anger. He was a man, not a child to be led around by the hand. 
Untangling himself from her grasp, he turned and walked to the door in irritation. “When we are married.” 
Luciana let out an outraged sound, expressing her dismay. She pulled up the hem of her skirt and jaunted angrily past him to the carriage. Marcus sighed, shaking his head. If she were going to be his wife, she'd have to learn he was the one in charge.
* * *
Sir Richard had been dazzled when Kira had slipped down the stairs in her glorious purple gown. Maisie had curled her hair into luscious ringlets, then pulled it up into a stunning updo. Now they were riding to the palace and Kira could feel butterflies in her stomach.
“I've never been to a ball before,” she admitted shyly.
Sir Richard sat across from her, stunned by her effervescent beauty. “Well, then it's a first for both of us. I've never been to a ball with such a captivating beauty.” He smiled cheekily, his dark eyes full of mystery.
“Well!” Kira blushed.
“What are your plans for life after you leave the Kensington home?”
“Oh goodness, I don't know. I spent my whole life on a dusty little dock on the far coast. Being here in London feels like everything I ever hoped for.”
“Everything?” He asked teasingly.
Kira felt herself blushing even redder. “Really, Sir Richard. You are such a flirt!” Kira shifted awkwardly in her seat, aware that his handsome gaze had not left her face.
“I honestly just wanted to live with my father for as long as possible...He was sick, you see.”
Richard's eyes narrowed. “And now?”
“And now he's dead.” Kira felt her throat tighten. Had she even said it aloud?
“Oh, I'm very sorry.”
“Thank you. It's...it's just...” Kira flashed her liquid blues eyes in his direction, while tears pooled in them. “Sorry,” she fanned herself, trying to overcome the show of emotion.
Suddenly, Sir Richard had moved over to her side of the carriage and was holding her hand. 
“Oh...thank you.” She looked up shyly, unsure of what she would see when she did. The concerned look in Richard's eyes startled her. 
“I know that I am only just beginning to know you...” he said cautiously. “But I want you to know...I don't think any woman has ever made a bigger impact on me. Just know that you will always have at least one friend in London.”
Kira felt her eyes well up again and she tried to blink the tears away. In an impulsive moment, she leaned over to kiss Richard's cheek, grateful for his kindness. 
“If I'm being honest, I might hope that you'd give me leave to pursue you for more than just friendship.” Richard's throat tightened and his words came out in a low growl.
“I..I...” Kira glanced up at his furrowed brow, his eyes fixed on her. “Of course...of course, you can. I would be...honored, Richard.”
They rode the rest of the way in silence, Sir Richard resting his hand on hers. Kira felt her body tightening as they approached the palace. She'd been so sure that confessing her feelings to Marcus was the right thing. Now, she felt certain it would only throw her world into more chaos.



Sparkling Halls

Kira felt her breath catch as she stepped into the huge ball room. Dozens of beautiful women in radiant colors were twirling around the floor with elegant, distinguished-looking partners. 
The room was lavish, boasting intricately designed ceilings and walls covered in gold, with stunning columns at the numerous entrances. Kira's wide eyes searched the crowd, in awe of the beauty and luxury she saw before her.
Her heart jumped when her eyes locked with a pair of sparkling green ones. Kira could have melted into the floor. Marcus was standing there, looking as regal as ever with his Naval uniform on. 
His hair was swept back into a tight ponytail, and his face looked so incredibly masculine. Kira felt her whole body ache. She had to tell him. She had no choice. Suddenly, a female figure wrapped in sea blue blocked her view of him. Luciana.
Of course, she looked more beautiful than she ever had. She commandeered him with ease and they swept across the dance floor. Kira watched them dance the minuet for a few moments when Sir Richard came up behind her.
“M'lady...” he put out a hand with a boyish smile.
Kira let him guide her onto the floor, watching her steps carefully as they began to dance. “Are you alright, Kira?”
No, Kira thought. The truth was she was distracted beyond herself. But she couldn't say that. Not to him.
“I'm just nervous I'll make a fool of myself.”
“No...of course, you won't.” Sir Richard whispered, leaning closer to her ear. “I won't let you.”
They floated across the dance floor for some time, then Sir Richard went to get a drink for them both. 
“You look beautiful, Kira...”
Kira jumped when she heard Marcus' deep voice. Her eyes flashed up to see him approaching her from the side. “Thank you...”she whispered, feeling her throat giving out on her.
“Where's, um...Luciana?” Kira realized she was squeaking and wanted to kick herself.
He smiled tightly. “She's wrapped up in her socializing duties. So many people to speak to.”
“Right..I imagine...” Kira felt herself growing faint, her insecurities threatening to overcome her. “Honestly, I don't even know what I'm doing here. All these gorgeous women, so sophisticated and proper. I've spent my whole life living on a dock...” 
Marcus's eyes trailed down her face, noting the pained look in her eyes and the way she chewed at her lip nervously. She didn't realize how glorious she was, what a breath-taking sight she made.
“Don't be silly,” he whispered lowly. “You've got more class than most of the people here. They live for the attention, the gossip, the meaningless titles and recognition...I've seen you...” 
Marcus breathed in heavily, “I've seen you make the best of a terrible situation, without a complaint or a groan. You are something altogether different from these people, and that's not something to be ashamed of.”
Kira looked up into his green eyes with surprise, noting the depth of emotion she saw in them. There was a tenderness on his face that was breaking her heart. “Oh God...I can't do this...” Kira fought back a tear and then slipped through one of the columned entrances.
* * *
Kira rushed onto the long veranda that surrounded the palace. There were columns lining the pathway and a substantial stone wall that went up to Kira's chest. She leaned against it with a sigh, staring out at the dim gardens illuminated by lanterns. 
She couldn't do this anymore. However, it had happened, for whatever reasons, she knew she loved Marcus O'Hare. She also knew that standing back and watching him marry someone else would absolutely tear her apart. 
“Kira...” Marcus slipped onto the long walkway quietly. He could feel his pulse quicken at the thought of being alone with her. What's wrong with you? He thought, wishing he could stop the battle he felt within him.
“How are you holding up? I know it can't be easy, being here. Without your father.”
Kira glanced up at him as he came to stand beside her. “Nothing about this place is easy. I'm totally alone.”
Marcus felt the deepest pain cut into him and he tightened his jaw. He wanted to reach out and comfort her, but he thought better of it. 
“My brother...Michael, he was 12 when we decided to go fishing at the docks. It wasn't allowed, but we snuck out in the early morning...He drowned that day.”
Kira could see unveiled emotion on his face in the moonlight. “I'm so...so sorry.” He nodded grimly, “I've always blamed myself. I was older. I should have never taken him.”
Kira looked at him, an odd sensation in her stomach. The urge to reach out her hand to touch him was difficult to resist.
Suddenly, Marcus turned to her. “I know I haven't made it easy for you to be here. I've been an idiot. I thought...I thought I was doing the right thing.”
Kira felt her heart racing, feeling the heat of his eyes on her face. “Oh...” she whispered softly. “Thank you...thank you for saying that...I- I just...it's not that I don't appreciate the place to stay and the clothes...I appreciate it all. It just hurts.”
A confused look spread across his face and his jaw tightened. “Why does it hurt?” He said lowly. 
Kira felt her face burning in the darkness, his renewed attention making her want to run away. She couldn't tell him. Could she? There was nothing to say, only that he'd been the only safety she'd known since her father died on those docks.
“I...” Kira looked up with fear in her eyes. She could see him staring at her, the force of his gaze tearing into her. Kira's lip quivered. “I think I love you.”
She turned away, feeling embarrassment and unbridled emotion welling up in her eyes. She couldn't look at him. She was such a fool! Standing there, telling an engaged man she'd fallen for him. Time seemed to stretch in silence and Kira willed herself to stare out into the gardens.
“Kira...” His voice broke through hungrily, his breathing uneven. Slowly, she turned her eyes in his direction, shocked at the emotion that she saw there. 
There was this man, this gorgeous man staring at her like she held his heart in her hand. Marcus took a forceful step towards her, pinning her to the stone wall with his large hands. “Don't move,” he breathed heavily, his eyes roving over her face.
Slowly, he kissed her temples, his warm breath sending tingles down her spine. He moved his kisses softly down her face, over the line of her elegant cheekbone and down to her jaw. Then, pulling his head back to look her in the eye, Marcus whispered gruffly, “I love you, too.” 
Kira could hear herself sigh wistfully, as he lowered his mouth onto hers. She clung to him weakly, feeling the force of his desire in the tension of his grip. Slowly, he caressed her pink lips, easing her mouth open with his willful, passionate kiss. 
Kira felt complete surrender in her body as her head rocked backwards. Marcus' kiss became more and more vigorous, his arms moving around her body and roughly caressing her waist. 
Kira could feel jolts of electricity running up her spine as he touched her, the gentle firmness of his hands a welcome shelter. Suddenly, Kira felt his knuckles sliding across the line of her clavicle and she ducked her head, withdrawing from his lips. 
“Are you alright?” He breathed. His hands trailed over her shoulders and down the slender line of her arms. 
“I...I'm so happy...”
Marcus breathed heavily. “I have to tell Luciana...”
“Frankly, I'm not sure there's much to tell, dear,” came a spiteful voice from the shadows.
They looked up in shock, only to see Luciana standing there, anger shooting from her eyes.
“Well, well, well. That didn't take you long, did it? It really is a pity you had to bring such a whore into my house!!” Luciana practically spat the offending word out.
“Abusing my affection and good will towards you...while all along you were playing Romeo under my nose. Isn't it hilarious what a good little girl Kira pretends to be, so innocent, so pure? Did she tell you about the man I found in her bed the other night?”
Marcus's eyes widened, the line of his jaw clenched tightly. “What is she talking about?”
“Oh, darling, Marcus...sometimes you can be so naïve. I heard some unseemly noises coming from Kira's room. When I swung the door open, I was met with the sight of a large, roguish man moving on top of your sweet little Kira.  Hard to say if she was enjoying his attentions more than yours, but I must say I've never heard such disturbing, inappropriate sounds.”
Marcus' face was flaming with anger, his fists tightened forcefully at Luciana's words. Kira felt panic grip her as Luciana continued on her vengeful tirade. 
“So perhaps you can stop espousing her excellent character traits of strength and virtue.” Luciana scoffed, “Your little Kira is only an attention-hungry slut who's more than willing to prostitute her body to any man who looks her direction. Perhaps you should ask Sir Richard if he's been with her, too!”
“Stop it...!” Kira screamed, hot tears rolling down her face. “What are you doing?” She looked at Luciana with raw hatred in her eyes, amazed at the woman's capacity for unfettered avarice.
“Is this true?” Marcus shouted, yanking Kira by the arm.
“What?” Kira shouted, her face red with anger. “You can't be serious!”
“Answer me, Kira...” His voice was deadly now, deep and harsh. “Was there a man in your room?”
“Ah...” Kira sobbed forcefully, trying to ease the aching knot in the pit of her stomach. “Yes, but-”
“Oh God,” Marcus roared, anger seething out of him with every ragged breath he took.
“How could you? How could you? You made me think you were so innocent, made me think I was the only one who'd ever touched you...”
Kira's face flushed hotly, a sinking feeling of absolute despair overcoming her. “Don't...” Kira choked brokenly. “Don't do this...”
“No...no! I was a fool! I believed your innocent looks, I believed the modest stories you told me about your life. What was this?!” He roared, causing Kira to jump back in fear. “Some kind of play for my money...for status?! I put you in Luciana's home, I spoke for you!”
He looked her up and down with disgust, his eyes filled with a darkness akin to hatred. “You're done! In the world I live in, there is no place for whores!”
Kira winced at his sharp words, the tears flowing uncontrollably down her face and the front of her gown. “Marcus, you don't understand. She's lying...”
“I've known Luciana for years and I've know you for what??”  He spat. “A few months. Get out, now! You don't belong here! And don't you dare come back.”
Kira felt her whole world crashing in, the heaviness that tore at her heart threatening to cut off her breathing entirely. “Marcus...” she sobbed.
“Go...!!!” He shouted, anger shooting from his flashing green eyes. He turned his back in the pathway, waiting for her to disappear.
Luciana watched coyly, viewing the distress of Kira's heartbreak with a satisfied smirk on her face. Kira looked at the woman imploringly for a moment, but Luciana only turned her head, flicking her fingers for Kira to go.
Kira turned back in disbelief for one last glimpse of Marcus, but his hulking frame was turned from her. The sight of his back sent the sharpest pain through her gut, ripping at her insides. She turned slowly, then ran down the veranda, tears refusing to abate.



Darkness

Kira stumbled into the street blindly, nearly getting run over by a carriage. She walked aimlessly down the dark road, past beautiful homes and magnificent buildings. Her mind was in a daze. She had no idea where she was going, no idea where she could go. She had no money. It was hopeless. 
A sickening despair stole over her frame, making her dizzy and weak. She kept walking without noticing where she was, her mind fighting to deny the events of the last hour. 
How could this be? How could she be homeless now, completely lost? Did he really think so little of her that he'd believe Luciana over her? The ache of bitter heartbreak threatened to bring her to her knees.
Soon, Kira found herself at the docks, a familiar sight from the day they'd arrived. It seemed unimportant to her, that realization, even though a part of her acknowledged that danger could be lurking. Nothing seemed to matter. Had she not lost everything already? 
Kira stumbled weakly to the edge of the wooden dock, noting that no one seemed to be around. For just a moment, the overwhelming temptation to lay down overcame her. Everything hurt. As much as she tried to escape, closing her eyes only brought back visions of Marcus' angry face, calling her a whore.
“Ahh...” Kira sobbed, wrapping her arms around her knees and crying into the fabric of her gown. Momentarily, she noticed the warm weight of a hand on her shoulder and jumped. “What's a matter, dear? You miss me?”
Kira looked up in horror to see the dastardly pirate, his dark eyes leering at her with a spark in them. “No...no...” she said in a panic, unable to resist the strong arms that pulled her up onto her feet.  
“Please,” Kira sobbed, unable to imagine the pain worsening. “Please let me go...please...”
The pirate said nothing, merely dragging her along forcefully to the ship that was docked nearby. Memories of her last encounter with the pirate crew sent terror through her body. 
Marcus, she thought. Marcus... She loved him so much and hated him so much in that moment that it was tearing her apart. He should be here, she thought. He said he loved me. The memory of those words, his gentle kiss, made her began to weep again as the pirate pulled her on deck. 
She noted, fleetingly, that there seemed to be no one else around. The idea that maybe she could overcome this one pirate slipped into her head, even as her body lagged weakly behind.
Soon, she was in the small room she remembered from before. The tiny bed tucked under the porthole reminding her of the long, panicked moments she spent curled up there. 
The pirate closed and locked the door, removing his long leather jacket without much fuss. Kira could see the imposing shape of his muscles now, his frame wide and threatening. Oh God.
He turned to her with a dark, hungry look on his face. “Now we can play.”



Regret

Marcus felt like his whole world had been ripped away. The image of Kira with another man was still playing on repeat in his head, hours later. Only now the seething anger had been replaced by a dazzling ache. He hated her for tricking him. He hated her for breaking his heart. 
He didn't know what to believe any more. Everything he'd seen had told him Kira was kind, modest and true. But it seemed he had been deluding himself.
Marcus had gone through the motions for the rest of the night, nodding to people and dancing with Luciana, but his heart wasn't in it. She'd said she loved him. Marcus squeezed his eyes shut, trying to block out the memory. He'd never been so blind-sided by anything in his life.  
Sir Richard had been confused by Kira's sudden disappearance and Luciana had dismissed him with a biting story of Kira's true nature coming to light. The dark-haired man had looked sad and bewildered when he left the palace alone.
Now, Marcus sat across from Luciana in the carriage, willing the night to be over. When they pulled up, Luciana alighted with a spring in her step. Marcus felt her joy at Kira's complete obliteration, and it saddened him. Even if Kira had been a conniving, loose woman, he could no longer see himself marrying Luciana. There was too much malice in her.
Marcus walked Luciana up, taking a brief step inside the house. “I'll have the servants clear out her things...nothing in there I'd want anyway,” Luciana said, snapping her chin upward. She kissed Marcus on the cheek, then slid up the stairs. 
Marcus stood in the foyer, dazed, until he heard a small voice from the main hall. Maisie stepped forward out of the shadows with a concerned look. “Where is Miss Kira?”
Marcus looked at her distractedly, feeling unable to deal with anyone at that moment. “She's gone,” he muttered. 
“Oh noo...” Maisie said with feeling. “Where did she go?”
Marcus smiled as a bitter look etched itself across his face. “Does it really matter? She tricked everyone into believe she was a virtuous woman, but really...”
Maisie looked confused and affronted. “She is! Miss Kira is the kindest soul I've ever met. She's the only friend I've ever made since I've been here!” Maisie seemed to realize she was overstepping her place and her face flushed.
A pained look came into Marcus' eyes and he looked at Maisie directly. “Decent women don't invite men into their beds! Decent women don't whore themselves out!” Marcus cleared his throat with disgust and turned to go. “You were deceived like the rest of us.”
He opened the door painfully, when Maisie's voice rung out, “You mean the pirate, sir?”
Marcus whirled on her with a dangerous look in his eye. “What?”
Maisie backed up nervously. “The pirate...who was in Kira's bed.”
Marcus squinted at her with uncertainty covering his face. “What are you talking about...?”
“Um...well, sir. I wouldn't tell you this, only it's just, well, Kira's not here...”
“Spit it out, girl!” he said forcefully.
Maisie sighed loudly. “I came into her room one morning a few days ago. And she had bruises...and her face, it was red, there was a mark. She seemed so sad and despairing, I could barely get her out of bed. And then... she, she told me it was the pirate. That he'd been there. In her room. I just helped her put some powder on it tonight, to hide the mark.”
A flood of emotions welled up in Marcus' throat, threatening to choke him. He imagined Kira's beautiful face, broken and bruised. He imagined her eyes, filled with tears. 
And then he felt the most unbearable pain, squeezing his heart as if to crush it. He'd put those tears there. He'd left her broken and alone. The events of the evening replayed clearly in his mind. Kira sobbing hysterically as he'd yelled at her. Kira looking at him with heartbreak in her eyes when he'd called her a whore.
“Oh God...Oh God...I- I've made the most horrible mistake.” Rushing out the door, Marcus tried to collect his wits, realizing he'd left Kira vulnerable to every kind of evil. She was alone on the streets in the black of night. He imagined the predators that might be lurking, waiting to seize upon such an opportunity. 
He realized he already knew of one predator who'd been stalking Kira, and pangs of self-hatred made their way through his body. He'd done this. He'd sent her away, a beautiful, innocent girl with the most trusting eyes. God, he couldn't take it. If something happened to her, he'd never be able to forgive himself.
* * *
Marcus tried to fight the confusion in his head as he raced down the street. He had no idea where Kira might be. She'd only been in London a few weeks and there were few places she'd grown familiar with. Remembering their meeting in the park, he backtracked, using the dim light from the street lamps to guide him. She was nowhere to be seen. Of course, she's not. He thought. You told her never to return.
In his panic, little pieces of their conversation that night came back to him. He remembered her beautiful face, so insecure in the midst of so much formality. “I've spent my whole life on the docks,” she'd said, her face distraught. 
The docks! That was it. She had to be there. Terror gripped him as he realized that was the worst place for her to be. There was bound to be a wave of drunken sailors and riff-raff making their way to and from the docks. 
Marcus headed off with haste, running down the street like his life depended on it. He'd barely been in time to save her on the first occasion. Now, he feared, he may have sent her right back into the lion's den.
* * *
Marcus was surprised to see the docks deserted, the silent darkness lending to an unsettling feeling. He'd called her name several times but was only met with more silence. 
The place seemed to be devoid of life, not a single figure moving among the shadowy ships. The only thing that seemed to move was the reflection of moonlight on the water.
Marcus scanned the thick row of ships. His heart stopped for a moment when he saw the looming shape of the pirate's vessel. He would never forget it. 
He'd heard such terrifying screams that night on the water and he'd known that someone was fighting for their life. The memory of those screams served to fill him with dread. He knew the owner of those screams now. He knew her so well. What if he was too late?
Racing onto the boat, Marcus prepared himself for the possibility of attackers, or at the least, drunken pirates. The deck was empty, though, and he scrambled down the stairs where he'd found Kira the first time. There was a door at the bottom, but it was locked. Throwing his shoulder into it with all his might, Marcus broke down the door with a fierce yell. 
The room before him was shadowy and dark. He could make out a figure, sprawling on the floor. Looking more closely, Marcus realized it was the pirate. 
He seemed to be very drunk, his eyes closed, mumbling something about a sweet girl. Marcus wanted to pummel his face in but knew his time was short if he wanted to get off the ship alive. A host of pirates could return at any moment. 
“Where is she, you bastard?” Marcus whispered, wishing he could shake the pirate awake. A soft groan from the corner of the room got his attention. “Kira?”
Stepping closer, he could see a shape curled on a bed. A small ray of light streamed from a porthole in the wall, illuminating a tiny, frail figure covered in a mess of red hair. “Kira!” Marcus felt his heart tightening in immense pain. 
Her body was splayed across the bed, a huge bruise covering her eye and a stream of blood coming from her nose. Remnants of her purple gown had been torn to bits, strewn around her. The only thing covering her was a sheet and Marcus could see the hand-shaped bruising formed on her pale, delicate skin. Marcus cried out in agony.
“God, no...”
Taking off his jacket, Marcus tried to wrap her tightly without touching her bruises. Her eyes were tightly shut, one eyes completely swollen from the beating she'd taken. 
As gently as he could, Marcus lifted her broken body from the bed, stepping over the inebriated pirate to make his way up the stairs. He prayed no one would try and stop him. God help me, he thought. He knew his anger would not allow him to control himself if someone got in his way.
Marcus carried her body off the dock, feeling the shallow shudder of her breathing.  At least she's alive, he thought, then cursed himself. What kind of life would that be? 
He knew Kira would be devastated, heart-broken once she remembered this night. He felt his eyebrows furrowing with emotion as he thought about what this would do to her. 
Weaving his way through the streets, Marcus tried to hurry, worried that her injuries were more serious than he knew. Reaching a little house on a small, quiet street, Marcus slipped in the door. 
“Malcolm...Malcolm!”
Emerging from the back in a nightcap and gown, Malcolm looked sleepy and disoriented. He carried a lamp with him, illuminating the humble front room that contained a table and a cupboard.
“It's Kira.”
Malcolm's eyes widened at the sight of a bruised and bloodied Kira. “Oh goodness, no. How did this happen?” The older man was visibly distraught, the first signs of tears pooling at the corners of his eyes.
“Pirate.” Marcus spat, almost as if he were cursing. Malcolm headed back down the hall and then returned fully clothed. “I'll get the doctor. You can put her in the bed in the back.”
As Malcolm slipped out, Marcus gingerly carried Kira's limp body into the only room in the little house. It contained a humble bed and a small desk in the corner. Carefully, Marcus laid Kira on the bed, wrapping her in the rough coverlet. He felt emotion begin to overtake him as he looked at her unconscious face, her skin swollen with red and purple marks.
“I swear to you, Kira...” His voice broke with emotion. “I swear to you I will do whatever it takes to avenge you. I will do whatever it takes to help make you better.”
Soon, he heard Malcolm return with the doctor. The two sailors hovered close by as he inspected her, checking for broken bones and other wounds. Soon, he was shooing them both out for the sake of her privacy. 
Malcolm and Marcus sat in the hall, time seeming to stretch on endlessly. I'll do whatever it takes, Marcus thought. Whatever it takes to fix this. Whatever it takes to fix what I've broken.
Marcus felt a bitter sense of hopelessness overcome him. Do you really think you can come back from this? Do you really think she could ever love you again? You fed her to the wolves.
“Captain...are you alright?”
Malcolm's voice broke through the haze and Marcus looked up to find the warmth of a hot tear racing down his cheek. “What have I done, Malcolm? What have I done?”
* * *
Long after the doctor had gone, Marcus found himself wide awake, standing watch over Kira's room. He slept in the floor, a couple of make-shift blankets forming a temporary bed. 
Malcolm had been kind enough to make a pallet in the front room, but Marcus wondered if the older man had managed to get any sleep either. 
The doctor had confirmed Marcus' fears. Kira had been badly wounded, several of her ribs broken and he'd hinted that internal injuries were probable. Kira would need to be in bed for several months in order to recover. 
Marcus tried to push away the grief he felt. He'd wanted to rescue her. From the first moment he'd laid eyes on her in that dirty little street, he'd felt the undeniable urge to take her in his arms and offer her his protection. Now, he had failed bitterly. The one thing Kira deserved to have, safety, had been ripped from her completely.
He tried restlessly to get some sleep, but his mind continued to race for many hours. Eventually, as morning started to seep in, he gave in to exhaustion.
* * *
It was late morning when Marcus woke. Memories of the night before hit him like a ton of bricks and he jumped up to check on Kira. She seemed to be resting, the purple spot on her eye spreading across her face. Whatever it took to nurse her back to health, he knew he would do it. He just prayed she would wake up.
Malcolm stuck his head in quietly. “I'm going to make soup.” 
Marcus nodded, grateful for the calming presence of the even-headed sailor. He knew Malcolm had to be upset, but he was as quiet and useful as ever.
For quite some time, Marcus sat in a chair by her bed, waiting for her to wake up. He prayed, he cursed himself, he ran back through everything he'd said before. Still, none of it could change what was. 
Finally, close to noon, Kira's eyes started to flutter softly. Marcus sat up straight as an arrow, hoping that she would come to. She let out a soft, painful moan, her broken ribs clearly obstructing her breathing. 
Marcus winced as he watched her struggle to breath, the beginnings of consciousness bringing her great pain. At last, her eyes fluttered open, a look of confusion filling them.
“Kira.” Marcus whispered, looking for signs of recognition in her gaze.
Her eyes slid shut once more, a painful sound escaping from her mouth as she tried to adjust her position on the bed.
With a gentle touch, Marcus reached forward and put his hand on her arm. Kira's eyes shot open, a terrified look of panic permeating them. “Don't touch me!” she screamed. She yanked her body to escape his touch, then let out an excruciating yell as pain tore through her body. 
“Ahh..!” She began to sob brokenly, her face stinging from the tears flowing over wounded skin.
Marcus watched as the broken creature in front of him shook violently, clearly terrified of his presence. It felt like the pain of a knife, stabbing him deep in the heart. 
“I'm sorry...” Marcus said, moving his hand away. Her huge eyes were staring at him now, a look of utter fear filling her. “Don't touch me. Don't ever touch me.” 

###



Connect with Evelyn James

Don't miss updates on the next book in the Gorgeous Rogues series and news on other books and giveaways. Like Evelyn James' Facebook page by clicking here.




