
A Holiday Anthology
Volume 2

A Collection of Winter Holiday Tales

Exquisite Quills

Complied
by
Rose Anderson
for
Exquisite Quills Authors and Friends

A Holiday Anthology
Volume 2

A Collection of Winter Holiday Tales

by
Exquisite Quills Authors and Friends

Published by Exquisite Quills

2014

License Notes

Rights to the individual work contained in this anthology are owned by the submitting authors and each has permitted their story's use in this publication.
This ebook may be shared provided it is done so it its entirety and the reader is not charged a fee to access it.

Copyright ©
2014
The authors retain their copyrights and are willingly sharing their work in this anthology. Please respect their hard work and their copyrights.

Exquisite Quills
http://exquisitequills.blogspot.com

Table of Contents

The Gift of Time by Rose Anderson

Frankie’s Wish by Jennifer Garcia

A Kiss at Midnight by Lily Bishop

A Night to Remember by Dee Ann Palmer

Marja's Victory By Barb Caffrey

Christmas Traditions by Beverley Bateman

Gingerbread Dreams by Victoria Adams

Che Gelida Manina by M. S. Spencer

Romance Valley by Kaye Spencer

The Christmas Eve Gift by Janis Susan May

Tropical Christmas by Gemma Juliana

A Kiss and a Promise by Lyndi Lamont

A Cowboy’s Holiday by E. Ayers

Thank You from the Exquisite Quills

The Gift of Time
by
Rose Anderson

The snow was falling hard. Rosemary stood at the window, looking down on the busy street below. Last-minute holiday shoppers, coats and hats white with snow, shielded their packages from the weather as they trudged from store to store. She glanced at the clock on the wall. The truck was twenty minutes late in bringing her armoire. Most likely this shift in the weather was the cause. She’d paid extra for a Christmas Eve delivery, but it was worth it. She had nothing else going on and no one to spend the holiday with.
She’d gotten on well enough these last two years, but she couldn’t shake the feeling that once she’d had a vibrant life somewhere, with loved ones waiting for her. Two years ago tomorrow, she woke in the hospital with a blank page for an identity. The doctors said amnesia, but tests were unable to determine what had caused it. She only knew her name was Rosemary, but Rosemary who? After advertisements in the local papers proved fruitless, a name picked randomly from the telephone book became hers – she was now Rosemary Brewer. It didn’t quite fit though. Sort of like wearing someone else’s shoes.
“There you are!”
The delivery truck rounded the corner. She grabbed her coat and ran down the stairs to meet them. Coaxing the large mahogany wardrobe up four flights of curved stairway without damage was no small feat, but the deliverymen did an excellent job getting it into her flat without a scratch.
***
Anxious to enjoy the Christmas present she’d given herself, Rosemary rushed through a bath, then settled in for the night with a warm flannel nightgown and a cup of hot chocolate. The armoire was built like two pieces of furniture. On the left, a top-to-bottom column of drawers from small to large; on the right, a cabinet for shoes and dresses. Inside the cabinet she found rods and hooks for hanging and space for shoes at the bottom. She could almost see the voluminous gowns and petticoats that once hung inside. Her affinity for old things occasionally brought on an overwhelming sense of déjà vu – one so strong, in fact, that she had purchased this particular piece at first sight. As she stood in front of it now, the feeling of familiarity washed over her once more, causing her to wonder if she’d once owned a piece like this before the memory loss.
Upon opening the small drawers, images of lace gloves, embroidered handkerchiefs, and silk scarves surfaced in her mind. She smiled, accustomed to feeling such detailed impressions from Victorian-era antiques.
According to the James-Higgins’ estate executor, Graham James was a wealthy engineer and inventor during the late 1880s. The old great-grandniece to Mr. James was on hand at the sale and very forthcoming with family history. From Mrs. Higgins, Rosemary learned that the armoire was part of a set commissioned by her great uncle and built by Linnell and Sons of London. She also learned that Mr. James’ wife had disappeared at Christmas time. Heartbroken, he became somewhat of a recluse after that, never remarrying.
Rosemary found a small brass key in the top drawer. She turned it over in her hand: decorative keys of this size were often found on a man’s watch fob or a woman’s chatelaine. She eyed the armoire from top to bottom. It didn’t have a lock. Wondering about the key’s match, she put it back in the drawer.
She slipped an old worn sock over her hand. Pouring lemon oil into her palm, she glided over the ornate carvings until the wood grain was dark and gleaming. Stepping back to appreciate her handiwork, she noticed a loosened piece of carved filigree along the top and pressed it back into place. A loud clunk came from inside the wardrobe. She peered inside. Empty only a moment ago, the cabinet now hung full with long dresses and skirts! She closed the door and stared at the wood.
What in the world…?
Opening the door slowly, Rosemary looked inside. She rubbed her eyes, dumbfounded. The clothes were gone, but one entire side of the cabinet was taken up by an odd collection of gears and springs, and in the middle, a giant clock face with an off-center keyhole. She tried the small key and gasped when gears suddenly began to turn and the whole armoire whirred. Her mind racing, she slammed the door in fright.
What is this thing?
She put her ear to the wood and listened. The armoire was now ticking like a grandfather clock. Curiosity getting the better of her, she cautiously looked inside and saw a strange door at the back of the armoire. She reached for the doorknob with trembling hands. With the armoire up against a solid wall in her flat, she was completely unprepared for what lay beyond the doorway.
This is impossible…
There was no wall where she knew a wall to be, but a bedroom decorated in the opulent and ostentatious style of the late nineteenth century. She was just about to enter when she heard voices. Quickly closing the door, she left it slightly ajar and peered through the crack. Two women entered the room, their long black dresses, white caps, and aprons akin to clothing worn by maids in the Victorian era.
Am I losing my mind?
The shorter of the two went to the hearth and stirred the coals. She said, “I feel so bad for Master James. He’s beside himself missing her, he is. And she hasn’t even left yet.”
The other replied, “We should all have a husband like him, Maura. You can see how he loves her.”
Rosemary’s mind raced. Graham James had been an inventor. His great grandniece said the family thought him quite the mad eccentric with his “wild notions of time”. There was no other explanation – the clockwork gears, the vintage clothing, the Victorian maids – her armoire was a portal to another time!
She stepped from the armoire into her own apartment and went straight to her purse to find the receipt for the armoire and the phone number for the James-Higgins’ estate executor. She dialed the number.
Not wanting to appear as unhinged as she felt, Rosemary spoke calmly, “Hello, Mrs. Stewart? I realize this is poor timing on my part, this being Christmas Eve and all, but if I may have a moment of your time. Thank you. I purchased the mahogany armoire last week. Yes, that’s right, Rosemary Brewer. Is there anything about this piece of furniture, anything unusual, the family might have mentioned? By unusual, I mean false compartments or panels or perhaps a built-in clock?That sort of thing. You see, I found a small key in the drawer. Yes, Mrs. Higgins did mention Graham James was an inventor. Yes. Apparently he was quite the creative tinkerer, especially where clocks and clockworks were concerned.”
She listened as Mrs. Stewart went over all manner of clockwork inventions attributed to Graham James. Eying the armoire, she said, “How fascinating. He must have been a brilliant man. Yes, I’ll certainly let you know if anything odd pops open. Thank you so much for your time, Mrs. Stewart. Happy Christmas.”
She returned to the armoire, which was still softly ticking away and opened the door again. The clothes were back, as were high-button shoes. Inside the drawers, she found real gloves and scarves just like the ones she’d only envisioned earlier. Curious to see if the door was still there, she pushed through the garments to the back of the cabinet. It was. Hearing voices, she pressed her ear to the door and listened.
“Excuse me sir, I’ve sent for the coach as Mrs. James requested. Davis should be here momentarily.”
Another male voice returned, “Thank you, Harris. Were the weather better, I’d be far less anxious about my wife traveling. By the time she arrives, it’s likely her sister’s child will have already been born.”
The conversation went on a moment more, then the first man excused himself and left. Unsure if the other man was still there, she cracked the door open and peered inside. Just then, a maid entered the room, and said, “Oh, excuse me sir. I was hoping to find the missus in her room.”
“My wife isn’t here, Jeanine. I’ve searched high and low for her myself. I can’t imagine where she might be.”
“No one has seen her below stairs, sir. And I’ve checked every room on this floor.”
“How odd. Did you check the service quarters?”
“I’ll do that now, sir.”
“Jeanine…”
“Yes, sir?”
“When you do find my wife, ask her to please join me here.”
The maid bobbed her head and left. The man followed her out. Rosemary couldn’t see his face.
Who is that man? His voice sounded so familiar. Her heart began to pound and the air felt electrified. Familiar. A blur of images suddenly flooded her mind: places and people and things, none of them modern. Abruptly shifting, the images took on a final quality. She remembered looking out into the night. The snow was falling as heavy as it was now. Without warning, she fell into a tumbling abyss accompanied by the screams of horses. The recollection was so sharp and clear and pain-studded. Breathless and dizzy, she leaned her head against the wood.
Sensing the edge of something significant, Rosemary took a fortifying breath and stepped into the Victorian bedroom. She walked through the space, lightly touching furnishings and decorations, and was overcome with the sensation of having done so hundreds of times before. She picked up an ornate silver hairbrush and saw red strands snagged in the bristles. She had red hair. Taking a seat before the mirror, she looked at her reflection and asked silently, Who are you?
The face in the mirror said, “Rosemary James.”
Not Rosemary Brewer. Rosemary James. More images flashed before her mind’s eye. She remembered now. She had gone to her sister Ruth’s home on Christmas Eve to attend the birth of her first child, but the carriage careened off an icy bridge and she somehow woke one hundred and twenty-six years in the future with no recollection of who she was. 
How was that even possible?
“There you are, my darling.”
Graham! Rosemary jumped to her feet and ran into her husband’s arms. “I’ve missed you so!” She hugged him tightly. Two years of loneliness and more than a century of time melted away. She was home.
Graham chuckled, “And you haven’t even left me yet. I’m surprised you’re not dressed. Davis will have brought the coach ‘round.”
“No! I mean, I won’t be going to my sister’s house tonight. I’ll spend Christmas Eve where I belong. Right here in your arms.”
She looked past their reflection to the armoire behind them. One hundred and twenty-six years ago she left on a snowy night and lost her life in a carriage accident. In her heart, she knew Graham believed he could somehow reverse time. How he had managed it she didn’t know, but his clockwork wonder led her back to him and the century where she belonged.
The ticking in the armoire faded, and with it, all memory of Rosemary Brewer’s temporary modern life.
###

About Rose
Rose is a multi-published, award-winning author and dilettante who loves great conversation and discovering interesting things to weave into stories. She lives with her family and small menagerie amid oak groves and prairie in the rolling glacial hills of the upper Midwest.
Possessing an active imagination, she writes everything from children’s stories to historical non-fiction.
Where to Find Rose
Blog
http://calliopeswritingtablet.com
Find Rose’s scorching romances in ebook and paperback in most bookstores.

Frankie’s Wish
By
Jennifer Garcia


Every night, as my daddy taught me, I kneeled by my bed and said my prayers. But tonight, I wanted ask for something.
“Now I lay me down to sleep… I pray the Lord my soul to keep. Oh, please bring me a mommy. Amen”
***
“Come on, Frankie. It’s time to go to the park,” my dad yelled from downstairs.
“I’m coming, Dad.”
Wearing my play clothes, a long purple shirt and black leggings, I slid my feet into my shoes and ran down the stairs. I loved the noise it made, like a herd of elephants, as my dad would say, but I always pictured horses.
One last bang rang out, as I jumped off the last step and landed on my two feet. I turned the corner to see my dad at the door with our two Cane Corso dogs, Dante and Beatrice. Dad named them after some epic poem, whatever that was.
Our dogs were special, though. They were blue, well, they looked gray to me, and their hair was short and thick. I loved running my fingers through it, trying to make it stick up. They came from Italy, some sort of mastiff. I didn’t know, really, all I knew was they were big, real big and strong. But we trained them so well that they listened to all of their commands.
Dad always let me hold Dante, and I held the leash loosely in my hand, while he healed on my left. He’d stay there, following my every move until I gave him the “free dog” command. Our walk to the park was quick and when we got there, I could tell the grass had been just cut. The strong smell of grass hit my nose. I wasn’t sure if I liked it or not.
“Alright, you all go play, and I’ll be right here on my bench, okay?”
“Yes, Daddy.” I unclicked their leashes and wrapped them around my waist, like belts, and threw the ball for the dogs.
Beatrice was the hyper one; she was always the first to run for the ball. Dante usually chased after her.
I looked over to check on my dad and saw him leaning back with his eyes closed. That usually didn’t last for long, because he liked to keep his eyes on us.
He’d say, “Don’t go where my eyes can’t see you.”
I threw the ball again and it landed near another bench that was off to the side of my dad’s bench. A lady sat there reading, and, sometimes, I’d catch her looking at my dad. Then I’d see him sneaking looks at her, and I thought she was shy, ‘cause she’d look back at her book if she saw him looking. That happened all the time. I wished my dad would just talk to her. She seemed nice enough.
My mom died when I was born, and I knew my daddy missed her a lot. I did, too, but I really wished I had someone to do girl stuff with. Dad tried to do it all, but it wasn’t the same. Plus, I didn’t like seeing my dad so lonely. I had to do something to change that.
***
Every night my dad would read me a story. When I saw him pick up the book we’d been reading the past few nights, I stopped him.
“Daddy, will you tell me the story of when I was born, please?”
I watched as his face crumbled for a minute, then he smiled, one that didn’t reach his eyes. It was the saddest and happiest story I’d ever heard, but I liked hearing about my mom.
I patted the bed for him to snuggle with me, and he rested his head on my pillow. He pulled me close to him and tucked me under his chin.
“From the moment we found out she was pregnant, we were the most ecstatic parents-to-be ever. From day one, she took to having you like it was the greatest privilege, and it was, and she didn’t waste one moment of it. So, after nine long months, it was finally time to go to the hospital. Your mom was so calm and excited.
“We couldn’t wait to meet you, and that’s all she could talk about. Labor took thirteen long and painful hours, and your mom worked so hard through it all, because our little girl didn’t want to come out yet.”
With my nose buried into my dad’s chest, I breathed in his scent of fresh cut wood and fabric softener.
“She was so strong and brave. And when you were ready, she pushed and pushed, for almost an hour, until you finally came out. It truly was the best day of our lives, Frankie. Your mommy got to hold and kiss you, and we both cried happy tears when we met our little Francesca.”
I felt his arms tighten around me. I knew this part was the most difficult of the whole story for him.
“Daddy, will you tell me the rest?”
“I don’t like telling this part.” He rolled his face into the soft pillow, probably to wipe his tears.
“Once you were born, your mom held you, and we gushed and cried over you. She insisted on naming you after me. We couldn’t have been happier. Then … well, then she closed her eyes and wouldn’t open them again. Nurses and Doctors came in and began working on your mom. They made me leave, and another one took you to the nursery. It felt like a long time until a doctor came to tell me they couldn’t save her. She had an undetected heart disease and went quickly and painlessly.”
He kissed my forehead.
“I’ll never let you forget how much you meant to her. You’re so much like her, Frankie, not just in looks but also in soul. She was so kind and genuine, and I see that in you. I love you, baby.”
“Love you, too, Daddy. I wish she was still here.” I sniffled and burrowed into him.
***
Christmas, my most favorite holiday ever, was around the corner. And after school, we were going to my grandparent’s house. Every year they had a tree decorating party for the family. My grandpa always cut the tree and set it up, and we’d decorate it. My Aunt Connie and Uncle Jack were bringing my four-year-old cousins. Oh, and my twin uncles were coming home from college.
When the school bell rang, I ran through the crowd of kids, bouncing on my toes to catch a glimpse of my dad. When I saw him, I called out, “Dad!” I flung myself into his arms and he hugged me tightly.
He lowered me to the ground, and took my hand. “Let’s go. Everyone’s waiting for us.”
I ran to the car, and yelled, “Woo! Hoo!”
***
A few minutes later, we pulled up at the house. And even though it was still light out, I could see all the sparkling lights.
“Wow, look, Frankie!” Dad pointed. Twinkling lights sparkled from every edge and corner of the house. “Come on, let’s hurry. I’ll race ya.”
Oh, I wanted to race. I jumped out of the car and ran as fast as I could to the steps. Pulling in deep breaths of air, I claimed victory with a little dance.
“I won. I won.”
The door swung open, and there stood my grandparents, laughing at us.
We hugged them. “Hey, Mom. Dad,” said dad.
“Hi, Francis. I’m so glad you two got here early,” said grandma, calling my dad by his real name.
“Let them inside, Beth.” Grandpa ushered us inside.
My cousins, Beth and Anne clung to me, like spider monkeys, while everyone else greeted us. It was nice to see all the family together. Grandma told us to sit down while she got us her special hot chocolate. It really was delicious. She even put whip cream and peppermint sprinkles on top.
Grandpa helped her carry the mugs, while dad stood to pass them out. I looked around at all the faces of our family with a happy smile.
“I’ll be right back,” said dad and made his way to the kitchen.
I tried to sip the hot chocolate, but it burnt my tongue. Beth called me over to look at the lights on the tree, and to show me the boxes of ornaments we’d be hanging later. There was a ladder next to it, so we could put the star up top, and I wanted to see what it would feel like to go that high up. I started to climb, and Anne whispered, “You shouldn’t go up there.” But I shrugged her off and kept climbing.
Next thing I knew, I was falling. I screamed and my stomach felt like it was going to come out of my mouth. Too quickly, I hit the floor with a loud thud. I heard more screams and then everyone was crowded around me. I rolled over to my back and my arm burned in pain. Instantly, I held it toward my chest and cried so hard.
“What happened?” I heard my dad call out.
Aunt Connie picked me up, and answered, “Frankie fell from the ladder. Get my purse, we have to take her to the hospital.”
She walked out the door and buckled me into the back seat. I curled into myself hoping it would help the pain, but it didn’t. Dad jumped in the car, and, when I looked at him, was white as a ghost. Before I knew it, we’d stopped and my aunt was giving dad instructions.
“Go inside and get her checked in while I park the car,” Aunt Connie said.
Daddy carried me into the hospital. He talked to some people and we had to wait to be called. I couldn’t pay attention because the pain was just too much. I looked at my arm and saw that my wrist was turning blue and was swelling up like a balloon. For some reason that made me cry more.
Finally, my name was called and we went to a small yellow room. All it had in it was a table and two chairs. Dad sat us in one and held me close. My tears slowly stopped and I didn’t feel so panicked anymore.
A few minutes later the door opened, and in walked the doctor. I couldn’t help the smile that crept on my lips. She was the lady from the park. I looked up at my dad to see if he recognized her, but he was looking at me instead. I wanted to tell him, but he didn’t look so good. His face was still white, and he had the worried look that make all the lines on his forehead and between his eyes come out.
“Hi, I’m Doctor Forbes, but you can call me Kris.” She held out her hand to my dad, but he didn’t say anything while he shook it. I supposed I would have to do all the talking.
Doctor Forbes looked at me, and asked, “So, what do we have here?”
I looked up from under my tear filled lashes. “I fell from a ladder and my arm hurts.” I pointed at it with my good hand.
She frowned. “Well, let’s have a look. Hop up on the table for me, please.”
Dad stood to place me on the table and sat back down. I kept looking between them to see if he’d recognize her, but I didn’t think he’d even looked at her yet.
“Let’s have a look.” Doctor Forbes held the arm and inspected it for a moment. “We need x-rays, but I think it’s broken. So, start thinking of a color for your cast. I’ll be right back.” She winked at me, and left the room.
Then someone came to take me to have pictures taken of my arm. When we finished, he took me back to my dad.
Doctor Forbes walked back in with some black and white pictures and hung them on a lighted frame on the wall.
“See?” she asked, while pointing at the dark area and white pointy thing in the pictures of my wrist. I nodded in awe.
“We’ll put a cast on it, and it should heal fairly quickly.” She smiled at me and then at my dad quickly. He finally met her eyes, but I didn’t think he recognized her. I needed to fix that.
While she wrapped my arm in soft white gauze, then pink, I asked her, “Doctor Forbes, don’t you recognize us from the park? It’s you, right?”
She nodded quickly and blushed. Then I looked to my dad who finally caught on to our doctor.
“Oh, wow. It is you. I’m sorry. I’ve been, well, you know…worried about this one.” Dad pointed to me. “I’m Francis and you’ve met my little squirt.”
Doctor Forbes smiled politely. “No worries. I understand. The fright was written all over your face.”
Dad’s face had relaxed, and his eyes brightened while they talked. I invited her to my grandparent’s house, but she said she was working late.
Then dad made sure she’d be at the park the next day. “We’ll see you at the park tomorrow? Would you like to share a bench while the munchkins play?” he asked.
“I’d like that.”
I saw the sparkle in their eyes. And even though I knew it would take time, maybe my prayers would come true and I would get a mommy after all.

###

About Jennifer
Jennifer believes in writing love stories that connect families and touch hearts. Her first novel, My Mr. Manny, was released August 2013 and her first novella, In My Mother’s Footsteps, was released July 2013.

Where to Find Jennifer
Twitter
http://twitter.com/JennFGarcia
Blog
http://jenniferfgarcia.com

A Kiss at Midnight
by
Lily Bishop

Background: Deena is a secondary character in the first book of my City Lights Series, No Strings Attached. She is dating Lee Thornton, the brother of the main character, and she appears in a couple of scenes. We also meet Mark West in that book, where he works as a marketing manager in a Las Vegas casino. Book two in the series, Under His Protection, features Lee as the main character. We learn that Deena has moved to Las Vegas, and the breakup was not particularly amicable. I really liked Deena’s character, so I decided to feature her here.

Working in a casino hadn’t made Deena’s dreams come true, but at least she didn’t have to worry about a date for New Year’s Eve. She would be working. She arranged the display of three hundred gourmet cupcakes on the crystal and silver tower display forms, careful to maintain the right balance between flavors on each tier. As the pastry chef for the casino’s VIP celebration, she could count on finishing before dawn. With any luck, she would have some free time during the evening.
“Cupcakes?”
She heard the words and underlying skepticism before she turned. Mark West. Of course. She glanced over at him, her breath catching when she saw how scrumptious he looked in his tuxedo. He looked almost better than one of her cupcakes. Almost. Her cupcakes wouldn’t break her heart.
If only Mark weren’t so determined to remain businesslike. She had always heard not to mix business and pleasure, but where else was she supposed to meet someone? Without Lee, she had to move forward and find someone else.
“Cupcakes are in, haven’t you heard?”
“If you say so. The display looks good, but I thought Julie ordered an ice sculpture,” he said, being his usual bossy self. Since he had moved over from marketing to major events, he had been a thorn in her side.
“I do dessert, not decorations. Talk to Julie.”
“I would, but she’s not here.”
“Not my problem.” She looked up at him then, after wiping a smudge of icing off the layer of glass. When she stood, his eyes flickered to her cleavage, then back up to her face. “I have to find the chocolate ganache roulade.”
His eyes crinkled around the edges. “Sounds sinful.”
She recognized the flirt and pushed her hair back behind her ears. “Oh, it’s that, and more.”
***
Mark watched his favorite red-headed pastry chef flounce back to the food staging area outside the ballroom. Deena had seemed more open to talking to him this evening, even if it was to snipe back at his questions. He had wanted to ask her out for months, but she always seemed unapproachable at the restaurant, up to her elbows in flour of some sort.
Now, seeing her in that emerald velvet dress with the plunge neckline had re-ignited his interest. The involved signal he had gotten before was missing tonight. Based on the dress, he assumed she was either leaving to attend another party, or staying for this one. He hoped it was the latter.
***
At almost midnight, Deena looked around the ballroom at the VIP guests. Everything seemed to be in order. The dessert extravaganza was a success, and she had replaced the selections several times. For all practical purposes, her work here was done. The waiters would strip the tables after midnight for the special New Year’s Eve buffet, and her part of the evening would be over. She spotted Mark over to the side, enjoying one of her chocolate espresso cupcakes.
She walked over, grinning at him. “You throw a mean party. Looks like everything went over without a hitch.”
Mark turned away from his scan of the ballroom to give her his attention. “Looks like it. We only had to toss one rowdy college kid. Usually we’ve had a dozen by now. He was only here because his dad paid his way in.”
“Raising the cover to ten grand a couple didn’t hurt, either,” she reminded him.
“You’ve got that right.” She wondered what he thought. The espresso batch was her favorite. “These are so good. Did you get one?” he asked.
“Not since the test batch. So you like them?”
“Oh, they are amazing. Try it.” She held out her hand as he split the cupcake into two pieces, but instead, he lifted it to her lips. She opened and took the bite, intentionally letting her lips brush his finger. 
“See what I mean?” he asked when she licked it off his finger.
“Oh, it’s amazing,” she agreed, only she wasn’t talking about the cupcake.
“If you need to meet your date for the evening, that’s fine. The dessert portion is done.”
“I’m good. No date tonight. I wasn’t sure how long everything would last.”
“So is he pining at home alone waiting for you?”
“Nope. Just me. What about you? Are you hooking up with one of those hot young hostesses?”
He grimaced. “Absolutely not. They get younger every year. I like my women older than college age. Funny. I wanted to ask you out, but I always had the feeling your heart was elsewhere. Did I misread?”
“There was a guy, back in Atlanta, and I thought we would try the distance thing, but he had no interest. In fact, he married someone else about six months ago. Good riddance.”
Mark grabbed two glasses of champagne from a passing waiter and pressed one into her hands. He lifted his glass to clink against hers. “To failed romances.”
That was odd, she thought, but she followed his lead. “To failed romances,” she echoed.
He set the empty flutes on the sideboard. “Let me guess. You’re wondering why I made that toast,” he asked.
“A little.” Excited and nervous at the same time, she leaned into him.
“If it weren’t for your failed romance, I wouldn’t be able to kiss you at midnight.”
“Oh.” She took a step closer. “I’d like that.” How had she not noticed how well they could fit together? In her heels, she came to that hollow in his neck. His arm slid around her, and she felt his strength.
“Come dance with me,” he offered, and with one hand led her out to the parquet dance floor they had built in the middle of the room.
He led her through a basic Charleston, spinning her around with ease. She hadn’t danced in years, not since going to work in the hospitality industry. She didn’t get many evenings out. When the song ended, he dipped her deep, and she came up laughing, holding his shoulders.
Around the room, the guests started chanting the time, and the two of them joined in the countdown. “Three… two… one.”
When the confetti started dropping and the noisemakers blared, he pulled her into his arms, right on the dance floor. His arms fit around her as if they belonged there, and Deena felt her breasts pressed against his chest. When he leaned in, his eyes had darkened with desire. His lips met hers, not in a brief peck, but a passionate exchange worthy of Clark Gable. She melted into him like chocolate into the sauce, reveling in his strength. He was half holding her up by the time he broke off the kiss.
“Now that was sinful,” she whispered against his neck, feeling suddenly shy.
“You ain’t seen nothing yet,” he whispered, pulling her off to the side. “Share the midnight buffet with me. We can grab a table over to the side. I’ll still be here to oversee everything, but they don’t need me much.”
“I’d like that.”
They talked for hours, until the clean-up crew had started breaking down the room. Deena sat, entranced, as Mark regaled her with stories of growing up in Las Vegas, of spending the night on a cot in a back room of the casino while his single dad worked security all night.
“Everything was different back then. Cameras weren’t watching everything. Now they’d fire a guard for bringing his kid to work, but he didn’t have anywhere else he could take me. He was just trying to keep me safe. I thought it was fun.” He reached for her hand across the table cluttered with remnants of every breakfast food imaginable. “I don’t want this to end.”
“I don’t either, but I’ve been up for twenty-four hours, and it’s starting to hit me.”
“They comped me a room for working the VIP party. Come upstairs with me.”
“You have some etchings you want to show me?”
He grinned at her seventies pick-up line. “No, nothing like that. You’re too tired to drive home, and I’d just like to stretch out with you and hold you while you sleep. Nothing between us has to be awkward. I feel like I’ve known you forever.”
Deena let Mark lead her to the elevators. It wasn’t like she worked for Mark. She had watched him for a while, and she respected his work ethic. She could see the beginning of something there.
Upstairs, he pulled the blackout curtains to keep the room dark and turned down the heat. Deena felt awkward in her crushed velvet dress, but she took a deep breath and started to unzip it.
She heard him rummaging in his bag, and then felt him behind her. “I thought you might not want to sleep in the nude. I have a clean t-shirt if you want it.”
“Thank you,” she said, relieved. Getting some rest beside him on the bed was one thing, but doing it in the nude was something else entirely. He eased the dress off her shoulders and carefully hung it up in the closet. She climbed into bed in her panties and the borrowed t-shirt, and out of courtesy left her back to him while he undressed. She felt the mattress sink when he slid in beside her.
“Come here, you,” he said, pulling her over to rest on his chest.
“I feel at home with you,” she said. “How is that possible?”
“Maybe it’s that New Year’s Eve magic. You’ll wake up and think I’m a serial killer.”
“Are you a serial killer?”
“No,” he said, and she felt his chest rumble beneath her with his laughter.
“Let’s keep it that way, shall we?”
“Yes, let’s.”
As Deena drifted off, she realized that she hadn’t thought about Lee once that evening. Perhaps her heart had finally healed and she could move on. She knew just the man for the job.
###

About Lily
Lily Bishop lives in South Carolina with her husband and two children. She writes contemporary romance and romantic suspense, and has published two books in the City Lights series, No Strings Attached and Under His Protection. She is working on the third book now.

Where to Find Lily
Blog
http://LilyBishop.com

A Night To Remember
by
Dee Ann Palmer

It was the worst Christmas Eve Marlee had ever lived through. Providing she did live through it, she thought. People who longed for a white Christmas obviously didn’t expect it to come with a power outage and a blizzard like she was creeping along in her old Nissan.
Squinting to see, she switched the heat to the front and rear windshields. If she didn’t reach her house soon, the wipers wouldn’t be able to cut through the ice forming there. The snow had thickened and the temperature had dropped in the last thirty minutes.
“You had to have a tree. Going out in a blizzard to get that puny thing in the backseat masquerading as a Christmas tree was moronic,” she scolded herself.
The tree remained silent.
There was no one to share her Christmas, and her money had gone for gifts to her family in Albuquerque, leaving nothing for herself. However, the local Boy Scouts gave away unsold trees just before closing on December 24th. Despite the forecast for worsening weather, she’d impulsively hopped in her trusty but rusty car, and headed over mountain roads for the sale hall.
A uniformed scoutmaster greeted her. “Not many left, but come on in.”
Marlee removed her glove and shook hands with him. It was a little warmer out of the weather and wind, and the smells of pitch, pine and cedar were pleasant. Snow had blunted all scent from the forest today.
She selected a small pine that wasn’t much fuller than Charlie Brown’s tree. Still, it sparked happy childhood memories with her family.
“Sure you don’t want something bigger?”
Her laughter echoed in the empty space. “It’s the only one that’ll fit in my car.”
She waved him away when he offered to load it. “I can do it.” Why do men assume women are incapable of doing things for themselves? 
The tree was free, but Marlee shoved two dollar bills in his hand. Her face grew hot with embarrassment at donating so little.
“Merry Christmas,” he said, a hand to the brim of his hat.
“Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.” She smiled, but it faded and alarm sparked through her as she pulled onto the narrow two-lane road.
The snow had turned to sleet and ice. Eager to get home, she took a curve too fast and hit black ice. Instead of swinging around to face oncoming traffic, her car skidded off the road. Before she could react it was bump, bump, bump, wham.
BANG…the airbag deployed. She coughed as a chemical smell filled the car.
The Nissan’s rear end was in a gully, up against a tree.
Stunned by the force of the airbag and the crash, Marlee fought to pull her wits together. Her left elbow hurt and she wondered if she had all her teeth. She pressed the hazard lights on. Thankfully, her finger told her her teeth were all there.
A rap sounded on her window. A man’s voice called from inside a parka hood, “Are you okay?” He clicked off a satellite phone.
He must’ve called in my accident.
“I’m a Search and Rescue volunteer and want to be sure it’s safe to move you. I’ll try the door on the passenger side.”
She pressed a trembling hand—darn, but she was shaky—and released her seatbelt as the passenger door opened and a big man knelt on the seat. He pushed back his hood. “Can you tell me your name?”
“Marlee Johansen.”
“Marlee, it’s Jim Maher. We’ve met.”
Her smile felt crooked. “You own the hardware store.” You told me I couldn’t nail up new rain gutters alone, but I did.
“What day is it?”
Stupid man, why ask me? Don’t you know?
The shock and fog were wearing off, and she realized he was testing her for concussion. “I’m fuzzy but okay. It’s about four on Christmas Eve.”
“Do you hurt anywhere?”
“My left elbow.”
He cradled her jacketed elbow in one large hand and gently flexed it, stopping when she protested. Warm hands cradled her face and he looked into her eyes. “Anyone tell you what an unusual shade of blue your eyes are? Your pupils are normal. Let’s check your neck and spine.”
Her parka prevented him from going all the way down her spine, so he felt her knees and thighs for bone injuries.
His hands on her thighs created a restless tingling.
“Nothing serious,” he said. He handed the car keys to her and assisted her over the console to the passenger seat. She clutched her purse to her chest.
When Jim slid his arms around her back and under her legs, she said, “I can walk. I’m fine.”
Irritation welled up when he ignored her, then lifted and carried her up and onto the shoulder of the road to his yellow Wrangler. He set Marlee gently on the seat and covered her with a lap robe.
She reached for the seatbelt; he took it and buckled her in.
I have a sore elbow. I’m not an invalid.
“Anything else you need before I lock your doors?”
“Christmas tree. Back seat.”
“What the—?”
Tears she hated—because they made her look weak—flooded her eyes. Heaven only knew what car repairs would cost, and the scrawny tree suddenly became all important. “I’m in this mess because of it.”
“You went out in this weather—”
“Yes.” Her curt tone warned him not to rub it in.
Smart man…he didn’t. In minutes, he returned with the tree and placed it wordlessly in the backseat. “Bridge to your place is closed. I don’t think we can safely make the long way around to it. My place is nearby. We’ll be dry and warm there. Is that okay?”
“I’m not used to spending nights in the homes of strange men, but I’ll take the offer. I could’ve died out there if you hadn’t stopped for me.”
“I promise I won’t jump you.”
“Ditto.”
His laughter warmed her, and he put the car in gear. Marlee thought it took all his skill and strength to make it the few blocks to and into his garage.
Pain flared in her elbow and she guarded it as he helped her out of the car.
He unlocked the mudroom door. “We’ll leave our wet things here.”
She winced even though he worked her parka over her elbow with care.
“Sorry.”
When Marlee pulled her hat off, her naturally blonde hair tumbled about her face and shoulders. For a moment Jim stood still, his gazed fixed on her hair. The look unsettled her. He’d promised not to make advances, hadn’t he? She couldn’t fight him off with a wounded elbow.
The moment passed, and he opened the kitchen door. Outside, the wind battered its windows with sleet and hail. He switched on a Rayovac lantern, then opened the cupboard and handed her a bottle of ibuprofen tablets and a glass of water.
She took two out. He added a third. “I can tell your pain is worse.”
Nodding, she downed all three with water. “Thanks.”
“Coffee? Tea? Hot cocoa?”
“Cocoa, please.”
“I’ll be in the garage starting the generator. It’ll provide some electricity. We’ll have hot water, and dine on beef stew with rolls and butter.”
“Sounds wonderful.”
She walked to the huge stone fireplace in the living room just off the kitchen. I should start a fire, but can’t with this darned elbow.
Back in the house, he pulled a chair close to the hearth for her and covered her with an afghan. “My grandmother knitted this. I’ll get the fire.”
He knelt and soon orange, red and gold flames leaped up and the logs caught. He shoved six terracotta bricks along the fire’s edges. “To warm our beds in case the microwave doesn’t have power for the thermophore heating pads.”
Firelight danced off his face and dark brown hair. She remembered that ruggedly handsome face from the visit to his hardware store. Remembered its pull on her that day. Tonight his closely cropped beard added new character to it—very sensual character.
Sensual? Surprise somersaulted through her, but the description fit. She felt it deep in her center.
He’d seemed comfortable within himself at the store. He was knowledgeable and friendly; staff and customers liked him. Now he dealt with her in the same warm way.
He swung toward her and sat back, his well-shaped bottom on his heels, his muscular thighs outlined by snug ski pants. She tried not to look at the male fullness between his hips.
Jim’s hands were warm on her woolen socks. “Cold feet.”
“Warm heart.”
“I’ll bet.” His smile crinkled his face and his cognac eyes danced. “Be right back.” He returned with a pair of Muk Luks boots. “They’re a little big. My sister’s taller by a couple of inches.”
He slid them on and zipped them with long, supple fingers. They moved with the same surety he’d shown when he’d checked her injuries. The zipper made a slow glide up her legs as he pulled, and his gaze never left her face.
Marlee looked down at those fingers, imagined them touching her in very personal ways. In very personal places.
As if he couldn’t resist touching her, he sighed and squeezed her thigh before standing.
New sensations hit her center and tantalized with visions of him naked.
“Hot stew, rolls, butter and cocoa coming up.”
“Great. I’m starving.” Maybe for more than food, Marlee thought.
***
Eyes half closed, Jim watched Marlee’s full lips close on the rim of the cocoa mug and sip. He repressed the urge to touch his mouth to hers and wondered how her hair would feel splayed across his bare chest. Wondered…don’t go there, Maher.
Abruptly, he finished his food and took their plates to the kitchen to slip them into the dishwasher.
He led her to his bedroom, disappeared and returned to hand her a pair of his sister’s flannel pajamas. “Wear these over your silk thermals. Fuel for the generator won’t last the night.”
He left again, returning to place four hot bricks in cloth bags in the bed. “New toothbrush, clean towels in the bathroom cupboard. There’s enough hot water to do face and hands.”
He saw her flinch at the thermals instruction, and it amused him. This was the woman who’d insisted that without help she could put up heavy rain gutters it took two men to handle. Her spiciness that day had translated into a sexiness that caused his groin to stir. Caring for her and keeping her safe now felt exactly right.
When she’d finished in the bathroom and closed the bedroom door, he brushed his teeth and, wearing flannel pjs over his thermals, crawled into his down sleeping bag on the living room hide-a-bed and slept hard from exhaustion.

Whimpering wakened him in deepest night. The hearth fires were dead. The generator had failed, and it was Alaska cold. Marlee didn’t respond when he called her name, so he slipped into her room and found her shivering and cradling her elbow, tears on her sleeping face. 
Jim lit both fireplaces and zipped his sister’s down bag to his.
Groggily, Marlee acknowledged him when he lifted her from the bed and carried her to his fold-out. Without urging, she crawled inside the warm side of the bag. When he returned with four—not three—ibuprofen tablets and water, she took them and turned on her side.
He slipped in with her, drawing her chilled body to spoon against his heat, her lovely rear snug against his maleness. He pressed his face into her hair. She pulled his arm across her waist.
“Merry Christmas, Marlee. Sleep well. You’re safe with me.”
As much as he wanted her, he would keep his word about not jumping her. It was his Christmas gift to her, and the start, he hoped, of something good and lasting.
###

About Dee Ann
In every age the heart loves, and Dee Ann Palmer's romances reflect those eras in fantasy, historic, contemporary and futuristic tales. The award winning Palmer is a PAN member of Romance Writers of America and belongs to the Los Angeles chapter of Sisters in Crime.

Where to find Dee Ann
Website & Blog
http://deeannpalmer.com

Marja's Victory
by
Barb Caffrey

Tomas and I were on a well-deserved vacation when a mage-sent letter landed squarely in my lap. After I skimmed the letter, I told him, "It's Riverside. They need our help to catch a criminal."
"Why do they need us?" Tomas rolled his eyes. "It's Yuletide Eve. Let somebody else handle it."
"Apparently, they've hired several other bounty hunters, and none could bring him in," I told him. 
"Who?"
"Petr Obrandowski. He's robbed more banks, and actually killed someone this time. He's wanted for murder.""
"I hate that guy."
"I don't exactly like him myself, love." Tomas's mother had been robbed at knifepoint years ago by Obrandowski, the meanest and perhaps the stupidest man in all of Alcaria—because who wants to rob a Mountain Troll? Yet Obrandowski had gotten away with it, earning Tomas's undying hatred in the process. "Riverside wouldn't ask us if they had any better ideas."
"You mean they need your special talents," Tomas corrected.
"Not to mention yours." 
"Yeah, I know," Tomas groused, his hands already cramming clothes and supplies into a sack. "But why can't we ever spend one holiday alone, dammit?" 
"It's the price of fame." I sighed dramatically, and went to saddle the horses. Truth be told, I wasn't altogether surprised at the summons. Crime respects no holiday…not even Yule.
***
The shadows were starting to lengthen as we neared the turnoff for Riverside. I was in the form of a petite redheaded maiden—someone to draw all eyes—and Tomas was acting as if he were my bodyguard, a stratagem we'd used in the past.
We found a stable, settled the horses down, and went to a nearby pub. Hopefully, our contact would be in the first bar we tried. We didn't have a lot of time. Much depended on what information we got from our contact.
::Over there, love,:: Tomas said in my mind. ::Isn't that Guildsman Harris?::
"I think so," I muttered. (Tomas probably could've heard me, had I thought "hard" to him, but I didn't feel like it.) "Let's take a look."
We meandered over, grabbed a few drinks, and settled in. After a few pleasantries, Harris asked Tomas, "Where's your partner?"
"I'm here," I said in my regular voice.
"That's a new shape for you, isn't it?" Harris sounded interested, but of course I wasn't about to give away any trade secrets.
"You need our help?" Tomas asked. "For a wanted…man?"
"Yes," Harris said. "We're prepared to pay high, too—"
"As well you should," Tomas snapped. "We were on vacation, dammit. It's Yuletide Eve!"
"What are you willing to do to help us?" I asked.
"Miss Chastity, the actress, is in town," Harris murmured.
"So? Actresses tread the boards the world over," I replied. "Why should we care?"
Harris leaned in, and whispered softly, "She's Obrandowski's leman. She got drunk, busted up a bar after they cut her off, and was taken to gaol."
"So?" I asked, still not getting it. "People get drunk and disorderly all the time. It's not a hanging offense. She should be able to bond herself out."
Harris shook his head. "The judge set a high bond, one Miss Chastity can't afford—and our wanted man can." 
"But does he know?" Tomas asked in a deceptively soft tone.
"We've let the word get out, yes." Harris smiled.
It took me a minute to understand, but then I sucked in my breath. "Yes, I can see where that would be quite useful." Obrandowski would have to come to Riverside, and we'd not have to hunt him. And we could even choose our ground, if we did it just right.
::I see possibilities here, love,:: Tomas told me. ::Do you?::
I nodded, but said nothing, lest we lose the element of surprise. 
Harris silently handed over the contract, and we both signed our names. Then he stood up, shook our hands, and left the tavern.
Now we'd just have to figure out how to best waylay Obrandowski without him finding out what's going on.
***
By the middle of the next day, I was thoroughly bored. Obrandowski hadn't gotten to Riverside yet, and all I had to do was ponder Ebenezer's Theorem. I was close to figuring out that last constant—
Then I heard something.
"Why did you lock up Miss Chastity?" I hadn't heard Obrandowski's voice in hours, but his raspy voice was unforgettable. "It's Yule, dammit! Let her go!"
"I know it's Yule. We didn't plan on locking her up," a female voice, someone I'd not met, said.
"Miss Chastity busted up a bar," Harris purred. "Someone has to pay surety for her good behavior, and in gold."
"Way too much for a bar fight," Obrandowski growled. "But it's all there. Count it yourself!"
I felt myself being thrown, possibly landing on a table. I couldn't see anything, but I could feel Harris count the gold; he counted until he got to the end of the huge pile. 
"You're right," Harris said in resignation. "Thirty thousand gold, all in single pieces."
I knew, even though I couldn't see him, that Harris must be worried. He had no idea what we were going to do, which protected him as well as us. Because our link was as strong as ever, Tomas had to be around here somewhere, probably wearing that class-one glamour that Druid had shared with us one drunken night up in Meadsborough, while I— 
But time was running on, whether I could properly observe it or not.
I idly pondered Ebenezer's Theorem as I heard Guildsman Harris sigh. "I'll tell Miss Chastity to get ready. You've paid her ransom in full."
"Why isn't she ready to go?" Obrandowski asked. "It's Yule! Her freedom is the only present I want. Let her go now."
But in my current state, I didn't much care about that, instead pondering Ebenezer's Theorem a little longer. I could see, feel, and almost taste the next constant before my attention was wrenched away. 
::Now, Marja!:: Tomas said into my mind. ::Remember who you are, and change!::
I concentrated, firmed my will, and transformed. I felt myself—my true, unadulterated, female self—coalesce on a long, wooden table. I was naked, but that couldn't be helped. 
"Here!" Tomas yelled. One of his long, wicked daggers flew toward me; I caught it out of the air. Fortunately, Obrandowski was just to my left, so it was no trouble at all to put it to Obrandowski's throat. 
"Going somewhere?" I asked innocently. I ignored the usual muzzy-headedness I had due to the change, and smiled directly into Obrandowski's beady little eyes.
"You're—you're—" he sputtered.
"Naked?" I asked as I pressed the dagger to his throat.
Obrandowski glared and tried to step back, but Tomas had dropped his glamour and was just behind him, eight solid feet of Mountain Troll. Before Obrandowski realized it, Tomas had snapped the cold iron cuffs on him. But something seemed off—
Then I realized it. He'd remembered to put on his shoes today, perhaps in honor of Yule. 
I gave Tomas my best smile, and turned to Obrandowski. "Forgive me if I'm wrong, but I don't recall anyone saying I had to be clothed to collect the bounty on you."
"But— But—" Obrandowski sputtered.
"Guildsman Harris, I don't have to be clothed to turn this man in, do I?" I turned to the table.
Harris, bless him, kept his gaze squarely on my face. "Yes, yes, you're quite right." 
"What about Miss Chastity?" Obrandowski said, almost desperately.
"She's free to go," Harris told him. 
"Or she can come visit you in gaol, if she wants," I put in sweetly. "It is Yule, after all; surely Riverside allows visitation on holidays?"
"Of course we do!" Harris snapped. "What kind of a town do you think this is?"
As Obrandowski continued to protest, I heard, ::Turn around, love.:: 
I did, and caught my long black cloak out of the air.
::Best I could do,:: Tomas told me. ::I know you wanted something showier—::
"It'll do," I said, and smiled for Tomas's benefit. His eyes promised much, but—later. For now, I put my cloak on, and smiled brightly at anyone in the large crowd of peasants watching the show who dared more than one glance.
Yes, I'm old, gentlemen, I thought savagely. My breasts point down instead of up. But I helped to collect the bounty on Petr Obrandowski when the rest of you were too scared to do anything—and you didn't. 
"Here's your boots," Tomas said. He passed them over one-handed, the other staying securely around Obrandowski just in case the arbhalastail had an eleventh hour move. I wasted no time putting them on, as the ground was cold and damp and my feet, now that I could feel them again, were freezing. I sheathed my dagger in my left boot in the process.
::I'll take care of him, love,:: Tomas said. ::Now, don't you think you should put some more clothes on? I'd prefer to keep your beauty to myself.::
Wryly, I saluted him, then turned to the Guildsman and asked where I might be able to change clothes in private.
"Right this way," Harris said.
Before I could get to my needed refuge, a young girl came out of the crowd. She was cute, short, blonde, and adorable—everything I wasn't. She burbled, "How'd you do that?"
"Magic," I replied. 
Harris quirked an eyebrow, but said nothing. At least, not then.
Later, at the local watering hole, Harris was more voluble. After expressing his appreciation for dealing with Obrandowski, he asked me, "How'd you substitute yourself for his gold?"
"Trade secret," I told him.
"Then how did you become gold, of all things?" he pressed.
This question I could answer. "Have you ever heard the phrase 'time is money?'?" I took another drink of ale, enjoying its rich, dark taste along with its transitory nature.
"Yes, but how—" Harris floundered. One palm went up. "You were—money. A whole lot of money! That's impossible!"
"Not for Marja," Tomas answered proudly. "She can become anything, my love." His dark blue eyes soothed my soul. "Anything at all."
"If I know the structure," I corrected. "Gold is easy. Everyone knows what a true gold piece is supposed to feel like, smell like, and taste like. I just, well, used that."
"But the weight, the heft, the bulk of you. Not to be rude, of course," Harris added.
I leaned over flirtatiously, knowing Tomas would understand, and whispered into Harris's ear, "That's why Tomas threw me a cloak."
 "But—if you can be money, why couldn't you come back with some clothes on?" Harris's brown eyes were wide. "We've been friends a long time; don't you owe me the truth?"
::It's all right with me if you tell him, love,:: Tomas said in my mind. ::Make it your Yuletide present to him, if you like. Just don't give him anything else.::
As if I would! I rolled my eyes at Tomas, but he just grinned.
"I probably could've come back with clothes on, had I wanted," I murmured to Harris. "It would've been more difficult, and I may have lost the element of surprise, though—"
"Like you needed that?" Harris laughed scornfully. "He never saw you coming—either of you!"
"As we'd planned," Tomas said. "To Yule!"
We all drank to that. But Harris still looked upset.
"Really, Marja—why come back naked, of all things? Especially at Yule?"
"Trust me, I didn't like sharing my present—" Tomas said, but I hushed him.
I took another long drink of ale, then leaned in. "If I had come back with my clothes on," I murmured into Harris's ear, "where's the fun in that?"
###

About Barb
Barb Caffrey is a writer, editor, book reviewer and musician from the Midwest. She is the author of the humorous urban fantasy/romance AN ELFY ON THE LOOSE, and is the co-author of the Adventures of Joey Maverick series (with late husband Michael B. Caffrey).

Where to Find Barb
https://elfyverse.wordpress.com

Christmas Traditions
by
Beverley Bateman

Megan wiggled the tinsel star over the skinny top of the blue spruce tree and climbed down from the stool. She plugged in the lights and stepped back. It was three weeks until Christmas, but the holiday feeling eluded her this year. Even the Christmas music failed to raise her spirit.
“It looks great, hon.” Her husband, Paul, slipped his arms around her waist and gave her a hug.
“Yeah, I guess.” Megan shrugged.
“I know it’s hard on you, especially at this time of the year, moving away from all your family and friends, but it will be okay.”
Megan squirmed out of his arms. A tear threatened in the corner of her eye. “I don’t know. I feel so alone. We’ve always had the big family dinner with grandparents, kids, and friends. This year it’s just you and me. It’s not even worth cooking a turkey. Oh, shoot, the star’s gone out.”
“I’ll fix it.” Paul bent down and checked the electrical cord, wriggled the star. It stayed dark. “We’ll buy a new one.”
“I don’t want a new one. Everything here is new, except for the decorations. Just leave it. It fits in with this Christmas.”
“Come on, Megan. We’ll make new traditions. You can phone everyone on Christmas morning”
“We don’t even have snow. It’s cold, drizzly and depressing. Who knew Oregon didn’t get snow?”
“They say the rain might change to snow by Christmas.”
“I’m sorry. I know I agreed to the move. I had no idea how different life in a small town in Oregon would be, or how lonely Christmas could be. I’ll be okay. You’re right. We’ll make new traditions. It might help if we could have that baby we’ve been trying for.”
“It will happen. Maybe we’ve been trying too hard.”
“Maybe,” Megan stared at the unlit star on the tree.
Three days later, after Paul left for work, Megan curled up on the couch with her morning coffee and the paper.
She scanned through the want ads. Maybe if she could find a job it might help. But there wasn’t much call for a museum director in a small town. A one-line ad caught her eye.
Long hours, hard work, little pay --community theatre needs manager immediately.
Megan reread the ad. There wasn’t much information, but there was a phone number. What would a manager have to do? She’d managed a museum. She carried the paper into the kitchen and poured a second cup of coffee. What did she have to lose?
That night, Megan pulled a casserole out of the oven, humming to herself.
“Someone sounds in a better mood.” Paul entered the kitchen and gave her a kiss.
“I got a job today.” Megan chuckled when his mouth dropped and he stared at her.
“You, what? How? Where?”
“I’m the new community theatre manager. I’m responsible for the budget, organizing the various activities, supervising the productions, like the Christmas play. I brought home copies of their financial plan to read. I start work tomorrow morning. Their previous director had to leave quickly to look after a sick parent down south. They’re desperate.” She grinned at him.
Paul flopped onto a kitchen chair. “That’s a lot to take in. You start tomorrow?”
“Eight o’clock sharp, downtown. I have my own office, sort of. It’s also the storage area.”
“You’re sure about this?”
“Yes. I’m not sure about my qualifications, but it sounds challenging, interesting, and different. And I’ll be around people, and the Christmas play. The town puts one on every year the weekend before Christmas.” Megan threw her arms around Paul’s neck. “It’s the first time I’ve been excited and happy since I got here. It’s good.”
“Then I’m happy for you. Congratulations.”
“Maybe being around the Christmas play will make it feel more like the holiday season.”
Paul bent his head, kissed her and pulled her close. “I love you Megan Anderson. I’ll support you in anything you do. Do you want a ride to work in the morning?”
“That would be great. Thanks.”
The next morning, Megan leaned across and kissed her husband before she hopped out of the car. “See you tonight.”
“Have fun.” Paul put the car in gear and drove off.
Megan took a deep breath and marched into the recreation center.
“Ms. Anderson?”
Megan swiveled and looked down at a young man in his twenties in a wheelchair.
“Yes.”
“David Halstead. I’m your assistant. Let me show you around.”
“Call me Megan. You worked with the last manager?”
David rapidly pushed the wheels of the chair. “Yes, I helped Pat until she left.”
Megan hurried to keep up. “Great. You can fill me in on where we are with the Christmas concert and what I need to be doing.”
“They’re rehearsing Tuesday and Thursday evening. We need to work on getting the settings painted and finished, and the costumes. They’re working in the gym.”
“They?”
The clatter and sounds of sewing machines and hammers echoed through the hall as David rolled through the door.
About a dozen people crowded into the room. Three sewing machines were set up on a long table by the windows. Three women were busy shoving material through the machines. Two of them were in wheelchairs. They chattered non-stop.
Christmas music blasted in the background. A man in his thirties slathered paint on the palm leaves of a cut-out palm tree. Another man about three and a half feet high was putting together a manger. Several other men and women hammered and painted on different structures.
“In case you’re wondering, we’re an inclusive community. So everyone here is a member of our community.”
“I think that’s wonderful.” Megan pulled out her notebook. She scratched away. She had contacts that might help with the concert.
David introduced her to the eclectic group. Between hugs, welcomes, and lots of questions, Megan jotted down information on what was needed for the play.
Paul met Megan at the door that night. “I’d almost given up on you. I’ve kept dinner warm. How was your day?”
“It was fabulous. I met the nicest people, all working to make the play a success. I haven’t talked and laughed so much since… I can’t remember when. I’m going to be busy tracking down props and stuff, and I’ll probably work late a couple of nights a week, but I love it.” 
“You’re happier than I’ve seen you for a while. I’m glad it’s going to work out.”
Megan plugged in the Christmas tree lights. “Darn, the star still isn’t working.”
“I can get a new one,” Paul offered.
“No, it’s okay. I’d rather have this one, even if it doesn’t work.”
For the next few weeks, Megan worked to pull the settings together and get donations of help from various organisations. She also worked on fund-raising. The donations for the local charities rolled in to help a lot of people.
She checked the Christmas play. The director had it under control. Megan was impressed how professional the community theatre operated with mostly volunteers. She found herself singing Christmas carols and getting excited as the sets came together and the centre was decorated.
Megan worked from early morning until sometimes late in the evening to make sure everything they needed for the concert worked, and loved it. She phoned her family on weekends to hear what they were doing and to fill them in on her job and how happy she was in it.
“How’s the job going?” Paul asked over dinner one night when Megan managed to make it home early.
“I’ve never loved anything more. It’s way more fun than my job as a museum director. I like the challenge and I love the people. Everyone there is upbeat and positive. They want to give to the community and make Christmas special for everyone. It’s only another week until the concert, but I’m hoping they might hire me on permanently.”
“I don’t think I’ve ever seen you more excited.”
“I haven’t been for a long time, but everyone is in the Christmas spirit and happy. It’s contagious. And we’re sharing gifts at the party. They draw names and they included me. I spent a lot of time trying to find the right gift at the price limit they set and I met so many new friends while I was shopping.”
“That’s great. If it’s what you want, then I think they’d be lucky to get you.” Paul pulled her close and kissed her lightly.
“After the concert, the Gospel Mission is having a thank you party, and then there is a staff party at Patty’s restaurant. Will you go?”
“Of course. You moved here to support my new job and possible advancement in the computer firm. I can at least support you and go to the parties. They sound like fun. I’m there for whatever you need me.”
“Thanks. I needed that.”
It looked like everyone in town showed up for the Christmas concert. There was a standing ovation and they even pulled Megan out onto the stage to take a bow.
Paul met all the volunteers and socialized with all of them. When they left Patty’s restaurant after the party large, lacy flakes of snow drifted lazily to the ground and stayed.
“I like all your friends. This is a really close community. I like it.” Paul opened the car door.
“Thank you. They’re important people in my life now. It’s snowing. We might have a white Christmas after all.” Megan stuck out her tongue and caught a flake.
“I think there’s a very good chance. The snow is sticking.” Paul drove carefully as the snow coated the road. By the time they got home, a light cover of sparkling white covered the neighbourhood.
Inside the house, Paul turned on the lights. Megan tossed her coat over a chair. In front of the living room window, she hummed a Christmas carol and watched the snow getting heavier.
Paul plugged in the tree lights.
The star shone brightly from the top.
“The star is working.” Megan stared at it. “This Christmas is looking pretty good. I have friends. We have snow and the tree with the star on top that’s working. Oh, and they offered me the job permanently. Right after the holidays, we start on the Valentine celebration.”
“They’d be crazy not to. From what I saw you did a great job. Everyone seemed to think so.” Paul drew Megan close to him and bent down and kissed her. “And I think I have the best wife any man could wish for. Merry Christmas, darling.”
“Thank you, and I love you, too. Oh, and I’m pregnant.” She grinned up at him.
“Really?”
“I saw the doctor this morning, and she confirmed it.”
He kissed her gently. “That’s wonderful, and the best gift we could have for our first Christmas here. It looks like we’ll be starting a lot of new traditions this year.”
Megan nodded. “New traditions can be good. I love it here. Merry Christmas, Paul.”
###

About Beverley
Beverley Bateman is a Canadian author of several books who loves traveling, good wine and a mystery. She lives with her husband and two Shiba Inu dogs among vineyards and orchards set in lake country and surrounded by mountains – beaches, swimming and skiing.

Where to Find Beverley
Blog
http://beverleybateman.blogspot.ca
Website
http://www.beverleybateman.com
Find Beverley’s books in e-book wherever e-books are sold.

Gingerbread Dreams
by
Victoria Adams

Reese loosened her grip on the teacup handle and pasted a smile on her lips. The well-dressed, blonde reporter seated across from her droned on about how she'd always wanted to be a chef. The Foodie life looked so glamourous. And sexy.
Glamourous? Sexy? Reese held back a snort. Burn marks on your inner forearms. Cuts on fingers. Splotches of icing decorating your face and white hair, not because of age, but because of flour. And the proverbial icing on the cake was stress.
She cast a glance at a half-iced wedding cake that was due to be delivered in twenty-four hours. Reese cringed, remembering the unfinished order for sixteen dozen Christmas cookies. Not a good time to be interviewed. Maybe if she locked the reporter in the freezer… Mentally slapping herself, Reese took a sip of her Chocolate Tea.
A curious emotion crossed the reporter's face.
Reese stifled a teenage eye roll. Here it comes. The dreaded question. So, what made you want to become a pastry chef?
The reporter shifted on the wooden stool. "So, what was it like dating Brandon Roberts?"
Reese coughed. "Sorry. Tea went down the wrong…" She cleared her throat. "I thought this interview was about The Christmas Dinner. Not my former…love life."
The Christmas Dinner was an annual fundraiser. Cat lover, Reese was thrilled because this year the funds would benefit the local Animal Shelter. Chefs' names were placed into a hat and two were paired up. Together they would create a traditional turkey dinner. One chef prepared the bird and the vegetables. The other created the breads and pies. Reese had already planned out the pies. She was thinking of trying a different mixture of spices for the pumpkin pies. Should I add walnuts to the apple pies? She tapped her fingertips on the counter top.
The reporter giggled. "A bit of juicy back history will add some spice to the story." She leaned forward. "Did you really live with the Brandon Roberts? The sexiest celebrity chef on the planet."
"Brandon and I dated." Reese placed the teacup on the metal counter then folded her hands on her lap. "But it was a long time ago. Now, can we get back to the charity dinner?"
The reporter blinked. "You mean, you don't know?"
Reese checked the wedding cake and dismissed the vision of smashing it over the reporter's head. She really didn't have time to bake and ice another one. She brushed a stray hair off her forehead. "Don't know what?"
"The names've been drawn for the event."
A chill ran through Reese. "I hadn't heard." She hopped off the stool and scooted into her office. Grabbing her cell phone, she slid her finger across the screen.
Her heart dropped. Saturday Tea. Her name hadn't been drawn for the main event. Instead a much smaller Saturday afternoon tea. Not a great chance to show off her baking skills. She scrolled through the list of names. Yves Martin doing the desserts. He couldn't make a decent pie if I half-baked it for him.
Her gaze locked on the name next to hers. No Way! You have got to be kidding!
***
Brandon Roberts stepped out of his private jet, grinned and waved. Fans cheered as he descended the stairs. A brisk December wind rustled his hair. He snuggled deeper into his coat. Five years of living in Southern California made him forget how cold the North East Coast could get late in the year. But it was home. And time to return.
He paused before stepping off the last stair. When was the last time he'd been here? Five years ago? Mixed emotions flowed through him as he placed his foot on the tarmac. He was back. Back where it had all happened. The good and the bad. He glanced through the crowd. A hint of sadness filled his heart. He shook his head. No, he really didn't expect her to be here. Their good-bye had been loud and angry, and many words that shouldn't have been spoken were viciously tossed back and forth.
He crossed the pavement and moved closer to his fans with a well-practised smile on his face, but his mind lingering on the memory of dark chocolate eyes, and a freckled, upturned nose.
How his life had changed since that last day. He'd asked her to come with him, but she'd insisted she had to stay and keep the family bakery open. Maybe he should stop by Dessert Haven. Then again, maybe he shouldn't. It had taken a long time for his heart to heal. He didn't want to go through the painful experience again.
"Brandon!"
"Brandon Roberts!"
Excited voices called out. He turned and smiled, reaching out to shake a few hands. His latest cookbook and a pen where thrust before him. He asked the middle-aged woman her name and scribbled across the front page: To Sara. Happy cooking. Brandon Roberts.
"Mr. Roberts?" A tall, blonde stood before him. Clipped to her coat was a Press pass. "I'm Cynthia Randall from the Cape Gabriel Gazette."
"Can we do this in the terminal, Cynthia?" He chuckled. "It's a bit cold out here for this Californian."
"But you grew up here?" She followed him into the airport terminal.
"Yes, I did. But I left five years ago. And moved to a sunnier…" He chuckled. "And warmer climate." He pulled his wallet out of his back pocket and removed a twenty-dollar bill. He handed it to the porter who waited nearby with his luggage. "Can you grab me a cab? A warm one."
The porter nodded and pushed the luggage cart toward the exit.
Brandon smiled at the reporter and waited for the inevitable list of questions. Being the top celebrity chef meant numerous interviews were part of his daily life. He reviewed his well-rehearsed list of answers.
"Are you excited about being one of the chefs in this year's The Christmas Dinner?"
"Yes." He rubbed his chin. "It's such a great charity event, and a chance for chefs to work together and learn from each other."
A grin formed on the reporter's lips. "Do you know who you've been partnered with?"
"Is the list out?" He reached to his inner pocket for his cell phone. Turning it on, he scanned his list of messages. Christmas Tea. He frowned. One of the top chefs in the world and he was doing a tea party. A sous chef with minimal training could handle such an event. His skills and talents would be wasted. I wonder if there's a way I can back out of this?
He glanced back at his phone, reading the name next to his. He blinked then smiled. Well. Well. Well. This could be interesting.
***
Reese and Brandon stood on opposite sides of the shiny baking counter. Their greeting had been civil, nothing more. Reese stared at her ragged-edged, unpolished fingernails. It was easier to look at them than stare into the pair of emerald green eyes that were locked on her. Her fingers itched to run through his dark brown hair, which glowed as if glazed with dark chocolate ganache. Her stomach rumbled. She placed a hand on it and prayed he hadn't heard it.
"Forgot to eat breakfast? Again." He rested his hands on the counter.
Reese grimaced. His fingernails were immaculate.
"Idea." Brandon rubbed his hands together. "You finish that spectacular wedding cake and I'll whip you up something."
Her stomach announced its approval. Reese sighed and conceded. "Okay. Good idea. The delivery person should be here soon."
He crossed the room to the main refrigerator and pulled the door open. "Hmm. Is there a farmer's market nearby?"
"Uh, December. Cold outside. Grocery store's around the corner."
Brandon pulled on his coat and called out as he left the kitchen. "Baxter's. I remember. Back in a flash."
Reese heaved a sigh. The more distance between them, the easier she breathed. Five years had lessened her anger, but ramped up her desire. Desire? The realization that she still wanted him surprised her. She cautioned herself not to tumble back into bed with him, and then have to suffer the anguish when he left. Again. Why would he stay? This was a quiet little coastal town. Alive in the summer. Ghostly quiet in the winter.
She picked up the tray of deep red, fondant roses and settled it next to the three-tiered white cake. Lifting one off, she attached the rose to the middle cake then continued the swath of flowers flowing along the edge. Focused on her work, she missed Brandon's return to the kitchen, but soon delicious smells floated about the room. Having secured the last rose, she stretched.
"Perfect timing." His hands gripped her shoulders, massaging out the cramp only he knew was always present. "Breakfast is ready, M'lady."
"Smells fantastic."
He shrugged. "Just whipped it up. Jalapeño and sweet pepper scrambled eggs on a waffle."
Reese sat opposite him and picked up her fork. "Thank you."
"My pleasure." He nodded. "It's been a while since I cooked you breakfast."
She sighed as a flavourful explosion filled her mouth. This moment felt like it always had, the two of them together. As it was supposed to be.
"This charity thing. A tea party?" He shook his head. "Anyway. I thought we could do shortbread cookies. I have my grandmother's recipe. Scottish you know."
"I know who your grandmother is. She lived up the road from my parent's place." She wiped her mouth and dribbled more maple syrup on her waffle. "I want to do gingerbread cookies. Boys and girls. Lots of fancy decorations."
"Your kitchen. Your rules. I'll make the dough." He glanced around the kitchen.
"Flour's there." She pointed over her shoulder. "Spices. My recipe's on my tablet. Be right with you."
Brandon scanned the screen then searched for the ingredients. When the dough was mixed, Reese rolled it out on the large tables then held out two cookie cutters. "Boys or girls?"
Taking one, he looked at the three tables covered in dough. "A lot of cookies to decorate."
"Uh-huh. But first we have to get cutting. First one done, doesn't do clean up." She pressed her cutter into the dough.
"Do you remember the sugar cookie fiasco?" He chuckled at the memory. "What a mess that was."
"You burnt the first batch and I dropped the second all over the floor. Three hours late to the event, but we got the cookies there." She cut cookies in a rhythmical pattern. Press. Lift. Shift. Press. Lift. Shift.
"Fun times. Uh…happy memories."
Reese looked up at the hitch in his voice.
He matched her gaze. "I'm sorry I left. But the chance was too fantastic to pass up."
Reese nodded. "I know. I was just too scared to leave." She grabbed a spatula, slid it under a cookie, and placed it on the cookie sheet. As she placed another one, Brandon reached past and placed his. She bumped his shoulder knocking his cookie onto the tray. "Sorry. Look. The two cookies look like they're holding hands."
"We should bake them stuck together like that."
"Brilliant." She placed her hands on his cheeks and planted a quick kiss on his lips. "Cookie couples. Oh, sorry. Flour smudge on your cheek."
He swiped his hand across the table then down the front of her nose. "Got 'cha back."
"We'll call it, Gingerbread Dreams. Young couples in love."
Brandon grasped her hand. "Can we have a gingerbread dream? Can we start over? I've missed you."
Reese stared into his deep green eyes. Good and bad memories flooded through her. All relationships had rough points. At the time, they'd been young and foolish. Too prideful to look for a compromise. Her heart told her not to let that happen again.
"I'd love to. Now kiss me." She lifted her face.
"Willingly." His lips pressed against hers.
###

About Victoria
Victoria Adams is a romance writer, dividing her writing between contemporary romance and New Adult contemporary romance. She lives in Ontario, Canada with her husband and kitten, Licorice. She likes to study Raqs Sharqi (Egyptian belly dance), garden, and bake.

Where to find Victoria
Blog
http://victoriaadams.blogspot.com
FaceBook
http://www.facebook.com/CirclesTrilogy?ref=hl

Che Gelida Manina
by
By M. S. Spencer

"I don't want to stay here, Amelia."
"But Mother, you love Sarasota! You love the sun, the people, the beach. Why this sudden desire to move to Morocco?"
"It's always been a dream of mine." Grace knew her daughter wouldn't buy it, but didn't want to tell her how desperately she needed to get away from Florida. Since Jack died nine months before on Christmas Eve, she couldn't bear to go to the Gulf…or listen to his favorite opera, La Bohème…or even light candles at dinner. Jack had been the most romantic man in the world and the love of her life. Now that he was gone, all desire for romance had gone with him. It was only because of her promise to him to stay through one last Christmas that she had remained. I'll keep my promise, but I'll be out of here by Boxing Day.
"Well, it makes no sense." Amelia switched gears. "Just yesterday Brad was saying you should come up here to Portland—"
"Not on your life. I may be a doting grandmother but I don't think I could handle twin toddlers twenty-four-seven."
The woman at the other end of the phone sniffed. "Hmmph. Well, we don't want you alone on Christmas Eve, Mother. Brad would be happy to book a flight for you."
"You know I can't, dear."
"Oh, bother the promise. Dad would understand."
Grace thought of Jack's last whispered request. "No, he wouldn't."
"Okay, okay." Amelia paused. "Did you sign up for Friends.com yet?"
"No, and stop badgering me."
"All I ask is that you think about it. It's about time you got out of the house. The site's supposed to have a ninety-percent success rate in matching people."
"I doubt that. Gotta go, dear." Grace hung up and stared at the website on her computer screen. She hesitated, then clicked "Your Friends.com Profile." She wrote quickly and furiously, tossing her thoughts out before she lost her nerve.
Recently widowed woman, 60, seeking companion for excursions—bird watching and sightseeing. Not interested in romance or personal confidences. No moonlit beach walkers please. No candlelight dinners. Love of opera a deal-breaker.
She typed in her credit card number and clicked 'Submit,' then returned to her profile and reread it. "Oh dear, that sounds awfully negative…"
Her finger hovered over the 'Delete Post' button when a message popped up. "Edward Harper has emailed you." She opened it.
Widower, 62, happy to oblige. Coffee today?
Next to the message was a man's photograph. She studied it, trying to plumb its secrets—a broad face, the planes of the cheeks flat and tanned. Little crinkles of skin at each temple hinted at a quiet sense of humor. His bright hazel eyes under a thatch of brown hair smiled at her, as if willing her to say hello. She pressed 'Reply' and typed in, "Yes."
An hour later she sat in a booth in the Gray Dolphin Café, wondering if she'd recognize him. A tall man came through the automatic doors and strode resolutely toward her. "Are you Grace?"
I can deny it. I can get up and walk out right now. The eyes held her. Cheerful, calm, intelligent. "Yes. Won't you join me?"
He slid onto the seat and ordered coffee for the two of them. Grace, used to dealing with the world on her own, found it refreshing. He had a way of making her feel comfortable and pampered at the same time. Two hours later they parted at the café door.
She didn't hear from him that day, or the next, or the next. Exactly one week later, an email popped up. "Coffee today?"
Fingers scampering quickly over the keys, she typed, "Yes."
They met at the café, but Edward drew her outside. "How about a walk through Robinson Preserve? I brought binoculars. And coffee."
"Sure."
Two hours later he left her at the café entrance. She almost asked if he'd like to see her again, but didn't.
Precisely a week later, he called. "Coffee?"
This time she was ready. "Would you care to go to Spanish Point with me? It's an historic site."
"Certainly—I was going to suggest something similar. I'll pick you up at the café."
And so it went for two months. The two of them met every Wednesday and toured local sights like Marie Selby Gardens, Ringling's Ca D'zan, and Ybor City. Edward proved a perfect escort—knowledgeable, funny, interested in everything. Grace's life came to revolve around the weekly dates. She'd find herself thinking about him every day, wondering more and more often how he felt about her. After all, he never asked her personal questions. If she inquired about his past, he would demur. "We are but fellow travelers. That was the deal, wasn't it?"
Whenever his reticence grated on her, she would reread her Friends.com profile. You asked for this, Grace. In fact, you insisted upon it. Then she would pour herself a drink and watch another rerun of Love Boat.
As the weeks passed, Grace sank deeper and deeper into a funk. Edward was careful to keep his distance—the occasional touch on the hand or squeeze of the elbow meant only that he wanted to draw her attention to something. She began to covet the delicate brush of his fingers across her skin. Sometimes she would even bump into him, pretending to be absorbed in a painting or view.
She had said goodbye to him one Wednesday, facing the emptiness of the week ahead. Sitting in her car, it suddenly struck her as unfair. Is this all he can give? One afternoon a week for the rest of my life? She checked her face in the rear view mirror. Wrinkles spiraled through the once blooming cheeks. Her hair had begun the gradual but depressing transformation to pure white, and her once cobalt blue eyes had faded to the cerulean of a misty morning sky. She started the engine. "I've got to do something."
But as the days dragged by, she did nothing. Time and again she would click on Edward's address, only to hesitate. I'm not ready. 
That Sunday Amelia called. "I hope you'll reconsider and come for Christmas, Mother."
Christmas. Christ. In her preoccupation with Edward, she had lost track of the date. In three weeks her vow to Jack would be discharged. What difference would it make if I left a few days early? Unexpectedly, Edward's smiling face flashed before her. Yearning vied with terror, threatening to rip her heart apart. I'm not ready. I need to get out of here. She finally managed, "Perhaps I will."
"Wonderful! Come a week early—that way we'll have plenty of time to catch up."
"All right."
As her departure approached, Grace put off informing Edward. I know him. He'll nod silently. He won't even ask if I need a ride to the airport. She stifled the stab of pain.
The day before she was to leave, she finally confessed. His eyes, for once, did not smile, but he said nothing. She waved him off at the café and went home to finish packing. As she locked the suitcase, cold reality sluiced like ice water down her back. I guess this is it. She looked around the cozy bungalow Edward had never entered. And yet he seemed so much a part of it, of her life now. The longing she'd felt for him—longing that she refused to acknowledge—exploded into desire. I want him. I want to hold him. And I want to talk—really talk—pour out all my thoughts and my childhood dreams, my needs, my fears.
To silence the pleas, she did something she hadn't done since Jack died—she took the shell path to the water. The beach was empty and she walked until her feet hurt—a mile, two miles, three. As she walked, the sun began to descend in one of those glorious Florida sunsets that make you wonder if you've landed on another planet. The white powdery sand crunched between her toes. How I've missed this! Maybe I was wrong to cut myself off from the things I loved.
By the time she arrived back at the shell path it was nearly dark. She turned for one last look at the moon and stars. A beach chair sat forlornly on the shore, waves lapping at its legs. Something fluttered from it. Oh, right, I left my towel there.
As she approached, a silvery tenor began to croon Jack's favorite aria from La Bohème. In it, Rodolfo sings to his new love Mimi, 'Che gelida manina—What a cold little hand you have!'
She rounded on the chair. "Edward?"
He sat up. "Grace?"
She wanted to run into his arms. She wanted to kiss his lips, his forehead, his hands. Instead, she stood quietly, her arms at her sides. "Edward, what are you doing here? I thought you hated the beach."
His eyes bored into her. "Not me. You. You didn't want romance. You didn't want to hold my hand, or light a candle, or hear my music. I respected your wishes."
She ached to cry out, "I was wrong! Edward, I want to be with you!" but fear clogged her throat. I'm not ready. All she could manage was, "Yes."
His lips twisted. "Yes." Then he stood up and walked away across the sand. Grace watched helplessly as the second love of her life left her.
She went to bed, but the hours ticked by as she lay awake, by turns angry and despondent. The next morning she called Amelia. "I've decided to stay here for Christmas."
"Mother? Why? You'll be so lonely!"
"No! No, I'll be fine. I have a promise to keep."
She checked the calendar. Four days to go to Christmas Eve. She had to find Edward before she left. I can't leave without telling him about Jack—without explaining my aversion to romance. She turned on the laptop and typed his name in the search box.
The first list turned up three dozen Edward Harpers, ten of whom lived in the Sarasota area. She spent two days tracking them down, leaving messages at the most promising leads. Then she sat down to wait.
Christmas Eve arrived without any word from Edward. Her suitcase stood ready by the door. As the light faded, she went outside to her patio. La Bohème played softly from inside. I can't lose him. Why didn't I tell him? What was I afraid of? The pain? You fool, the pain found you anyway. At least she had the beach and the music back. Only one more thing to do. She rose, found some matches, and lit the Christmas candle. As she watched the flame flicker in the evening breeze, she savored an uneasy peace. Perhaps it's for the best. I'll leave tomorrow and forget all about him.
Someone moved from the darkness into the light. She sprang up to find bright hazel eyes smiling into hers. He touched her hand and sang softly, "Che gelida manina. What a cold little hand you have, my dear. May I warm it?"
She gave it to him, then led him down the path to the beach.
###

About M.S.
Although she has lived or traveled in every continent except Antarctica and Australia (bucket list), M. S. Spencer has spent the last thirty years mostly in Washington, D.C. as a librarian, Congressional staff assistant, speechwriter, editor, birdwatcher, kayaker, policy wonk, non-profit director and parent. She has two fabulous grown children, and currently divides her time between the Gulf coast of Florida and a tiny village in Maine.
Ms. Spencer has published nine romantic suspense novels.

Where to find M.S.
Blog
http://msspencertalespinner.blogspot.com

Romance Valley
By
Kaye Spencer

Scott Simmons had an epiphany on Thanksgiving—wife-napping was the solution to his dilemma.
Leah would never agree to his plan anyway, so it was a reasonable strategy, especially since he wasn't willing to carry old regrets into the coming New Year. Granted, he was proud of Leah and had supported her through the election for District Attorney three years ago but, since then, their personal life had spiraled out of kilter. Somehow, they had to re-established balance in their lives before there was nothing left of their marriage to salvage.
While he’d known they were growing apart, it was during his construction company’s annual Halloween customer appreciation party that he’d realized how far they’d drifted. Fate in the guise of fortuitous eavesdropping had put him near Leah and Kelly, her administrative assistant, and he’d overheard Leah lamenting the longer they were married, the more lackluster their relationship had become. Kelly had suggested they talk about it, but Leah feared if she broached the issue, it would lead to a discussion of divorce which, she’d added hastily, was not what she wanted. It was the lack of sincerity in her voice that had hit him so hard.
Determined to make a stand—albeit maybe a last stand—to fight for his marriage, he’d embarked upon an Internet search with Kelly and the assistant D. A., Renee, as fellow schemers. The three of them had accomplished the details of his plan to whisk Leah away for a surprise vacation. If they couldn’t rediscover their passion in seven days, it wasn’t there for them to find.
Which had brought him to this moment—December twenty-third, watching the road through cathedral-height windows from his second floor den, and tracking Leah’s headlights as she wended her way along the evergreen-lined, half-mile private driveway toward their house. The antique clock downstairs chimed a reminder that she was later than usual. Naturally. Murphy's Law. Tonight, of all nights when there was no time to spare, she'd stayed late at the office…again.
Scott shrugged into his leather jacket as he made his way through the darkened room to the balcony doors and stepped out onto the wooden deck overhanging the garage. It was the proverbial now or never moment. He paused, inhaling a deep breath of crisp December air, while gazing at the blue-white brilliance of stars shining against an inky, moonless sky. They used to take long walks hand-in-hand on nights like this. Many times, they’d cuddled on the balcony by the cozy warmth of the chiminea with a glass of wine and a blanket around their shoulders. He sighed. They'd lost that connection, and he wanted it back.
Scott took the stairs to ground level and waited in his predetermined position in the shadows at the corner of the garage where she wouldn't see him. Seconds later, the automatic doors rolled up, the Jag coasted into the garage, and Scott was on the move when she turned off the engine.
Beside her door when she opened it, he greeted, “Hello, Leah. Got a surprise for you.”
Startled, she clasped a hand on her chest. “Scott! Don't sneak up on me like that.” With pocketbook clutched in her hand, but before she could gather up her cell phone and briefcase, Scott pulled her out of the car.
“Leave 'em. You won't need them where we're going.”
“What are you doing?” She tried to reach back inside her car. “I've got to finish—”
Scott heaved her over his shoulder and tapped the button to close the garage door behind him.
“Put me down! Scott Simmons! Have you lost your mind?” She commenced cursing, kicking, and pummeling his back.
In a half-dozen long strides, he reached the back of his four-wheel-drive pickup where he’d parked it on the driveway with the camper shell door raised and the tailgate down. Their nearest neighbor was over two miles away, so he wasn't concerned that anyone would hear her railing outrage. He dumped her into the back of his pickup amid her threats of retribution, and she landed in an unladylike sprawl on the thick foam mattress he'd put down.
Scott slammed the tailgate shut as he brought the camper shell door down in a fluid, practiced movement, locking her inside at the instant she lurched forward, fire flashing in her eyes, but too late to do damage to him. She pounded on the glass window, shouting threats that included specific bodily dismemberment.
Grinning, he tapped the window right where she peered from the other side. “We’ve got a ninety-minute drive ahead of us to a rendezvous point. It’ll probably get a little nippy, so you'll want to wrap-up in those blankets. There’s a thermos of coffee and a sandwich for you, too.”
She shook her fist at him. “This is going to cost you.”
“It'll be worth it, I promise.”
“Where are we going?”
“To a surprise location for a week-long vacation in the mountains.”
Scott slid behind the steering wheel and started the engine. Taking first gear, he headed down their narrow, winding driveway through the dense forest, and onto the main road. He flicked on the cargo light and adjusted the center rearview mirror until he had a clear view through the back window and into the pickup bed. There was enough light to see her sitting amidst their luggage with her back against the tailgate, arms folded across her chest, and eyes glaring daggers at him. He chuckled. No doubt she was contemplating legal revenge, but at least she'd settled down and wasn't cussing him anymore.
Glancing at the speedometer, he backed off. Granted, he was on a little-traveled back road now, but he couldn't afford the delay of being pulled over. As it was, they’d barely arrive at the rendezvous point in time to meet the limo that would take them the last two-hour drive deeper into the mountains to their ultimate destination. Besides, he didn't doubt for a minute she'd pitch a fit to be set free if he was stopped, and he knew her influence with local law enforcement trumped his ability to fast-talk his way out of what would likely get him thrown in jail just because she could.
All things considered, his plan was unfolding with clockwork precision. In a few hours, he’d have her all to himself. No phone calls, no text messages, no computers. No law books or legal briefs. No interruptions at all. That’s when they’d begin negotiations. He’d already determined his bottom-line, so the outcome of this excursion depended upon what she wanted. It was long past time to reassess their priorities. Not so many years ago, they'd talked of having children, but somewhere along the way, life and ambition had interfered, and they'd lost sight of that aspect of their lives. Satisfied and just a little smug, he patted the brochure on the seat beside him. He didn't look at it, because he knew it by heart.
Yearning for a sensual vacation with that special someone? Needing to breathe new romance into a stale relationship? Wanting private time together to rediscover why you fell in love? Perhaps you're looking for a comfortable and confidential setting in which to explore your fantasies together. Romance Valley Resort is the perfect, intimate, and secluded mountain haven for a couple’s retreat. Whether for a long weekend tryst or for an extended holiday, your personal Romance Valley attendant will assist in designing an ultimate romantic getaway encounter that not only meets your budget, but also fulfills your deepest desires. Your personal love assistant will handle all the details so you don't have to.
It was a drastic move, but their marriage was teetering on the ragged edge of death-by-neglect, and one or both of them would likely succumb to infidelity out of loneliness if something didn't change soon. In his view, there was no way to repair a relationship once the cheating line was crossed. Broken trust was a festering wound, never truly healing, despite the assurance of mutual forgiveness.
With a quick check on the time and another glance at his disgruntled, blanket-wrapped, coffee drinking captive, he pressed his foot on the accelerator and pushed the speed limit. The optimistic hope of rekindled love welled in his heart.
For better or worse…Romance Valley, here we come.
***
During the limo ride they shared with three other couples, Leah’s boiling anger eased to a slow simmer thanks to several glasses of champagne, compliments of the resort, but she couldn’t make herself look at Scott, let alone speak to him, yet. Part of it was due to her humbling realization of just how wrapped up—hidden, to be honest—in work she'd become that she hadn’t been aware that Kelly and Renee were colluding with Scott. Leah’s practical mind argued that time frivolously wasted was time ill spent, while her pragmatic mind reminded her that, short of stealing a resort vehicle or hiking the many mountainous miles back to civilization, seven days wasn't forever.
It stung her conscience to admit she’d done nothing to spice-up their marriage when she'd realized months ago it had stagnated. It was easier to stay at the office and avoid the problem in hopes it would somehow miraculously fix itself. She knew she was as culpable as Scott, if not more, for the current state of their marriage. Every time he’d suggested a long weekend out-of-town, she'd declined in favor of work.
Taking such drastic steps to get her attention was so unlike him that just thinking about other surprises her patient, down-to-earth husband had in store for her sent delicious tingles fluttering in her stomach. She couldn't remember the last time she’d felt this way. Cutting a sidelong glance at Scott, she wondered if he felt the same.
Slowing, the limo wound its way along a narrow, paved lane that ended in a Spanish-style plaza. Under light and windless snowfall, a Christmas-decorated blue spruce stood in the center of the plaza as a welcoming, festive sentinel. Attendants, dressed in traditional fiesta attire, greeted guests by name as they exited the limo and escorted them along the cobblestone path toward the opened wooden and wrought iron double doors of an adobe building.
When Scott reached for her hand, Leah turned an impatient gaze upon him. The give-it-a-chance—what-have-you-got-to-lose appeal in his eyes shamed her that she’d nearly spurned his peace offering. Entwining her fingers with his, she walked at his side as they left the snowy night and stepped into an enchanting setting of Mediterranean burgundy and gold décor inside the adobe building. Instrumental Spanish guitar music played softly in the background, and a slight scent of cinnamon wafted on the air. Leah’s gaze went to the poinsettias arranged on the hacienda bench near the open, blazing fireplace then she moved on to the wood-beamed ceiling, quarry-tiled floor, then the iron candelabra and wall sconces, and finally she brought her gaze to rest and linger on the tables set with food and drink.
A strikingly attractive woman crossing in front of the arched window on the wide staircase landing captured Leah's attention with rapt fascination. The woman observed the guests as she descended the stairs. She neither smiled nor frowned, but her eyes exuded such a mesmeric warmth and confidence that Leah fell instantly spellbound by the woman's unspoken charm and exotic beauty. Her elegant, form-hugging white evening gown with matching embroidered, long-sleeved bolero jacket accentuated her svelte figure. She possessed an ethereal, phantom-like grace of movement that suggested an otherworldly presence. She was enigmatic, timeless—thirty or sixty, Leah couldn’t say.
When the woman reached the bottom stair, she stopped and held her arms wide in greeting, the gesture further enhancing the magical, mystical aura surrounding her.
“It is my warmest hope to make all your wishes and fantasies come true while you are guests here. I am your hostess, Ricarda de Montagña. Welcome to Romance Valley.” She paused, and a slow, warm smile softened her features. “Now that all of the guests have arrived, let us mingle and become acquainted while we enjoy the refreshments.”
Scott nudged Leah. “There are nineteen other couples here. This must be a popular retreat.” He looked at her. “Still mad at me?”
A sarcastic retort balanced on the tip of her tongue, but she bit the words back when she saw the gleam of hopeful forgiveness shining in his eyes. In that instant, she surrendered to what her heart had known all along—she was still in love with her husband.
Rising on her tiptoes, Leah pecked a quick kiss of apology on his lips. “How can I stay angry when my husband has such a deliciously devious side to him that I’ve never seen?”
Scott drew her into his arms, his sly grin replacing the worry she’d seen a moment ago. “Well, thank you for helping me find it. Merry Christmas, Leah.”
“Merry Christmas, Scott.”
###

About Kaye
Native Coloradoan Kaye Spencer writes romances from her basement hovel in a small, rural town in the far southeastern corner of Colorado—no mountains in sight—just prairie dogs, buffalo grass, and glorious prairie sunsets. While drawn to cowboys and the Old West, all genres are within her story-crafting realm.
Retired from a long career in public education that included teaching through a community college outreach program, Kaye is enjoying being a full-time writer and spoiler of grandchildren. Kaye is also afflicted with ACD—Accumulative Cat Disorder—with no cure in sight.

Where to Find Kaye
Website & Blog
http://www.kayespencer.com

The Christmas Eve Gift
By
Janis Susan May

Who would have thought such a little thing could have had such horrible consequences?
Damaris pulled a shiny ornament from the box, then looked at it sadly. Of course the first one she pulled out would be one that she and Jeff had chosen together. A silly caricature of an idealized rural church, it had two stereotypical aged hillbillies with raggedy hats and plaid jackets standing hand in hand in front.
“That'll be us,” Jeff had said. “Old and wrinkled and still in love.” Then he had kissed her.
A tear dropped and splashed on the thin glass. That had been just over a year ago and they had been planning their first Christmas in their new home. After living for years in an apartment, they had unexpectedly found the perfect house while on their way to the lake. Jeff had called it a miracle, and it really seemed to be one when suddenly they owned the place within weeks.
Miracle? Damaris thought bitterly. More like a curse. Everything seemed to go wrong once they got into the house.
No. It wasn't the house that was cursed, it was her.
For years Damaris had written a twice-a-week, high-earning blog. Humorous and helpful at the same time, it covered the woes of women, from housewifery to job problems. The move from urban apartment to semi-rural house was natural fodder. Her readership had almost doubled as she chronicled the transition from city dwellers to sub-suburbanites.
Her marriage had disintegrated.
Swiping a tear from her eye, Damaris hung the funny little ornament on the tree. This was the table-top artificial tree they had used in the kitchen, barely two feet high – quite a change from the ceiling-scraping giants she and Jeff had always had. Christmas had been Jeff's favorite season and their home had always burgeoned with decorations.
Just thinking of what this night had been like the year before would make Damaris cry for certain if she allowed it. But tonight was Christmas Eve, and she just couldn't let the season pass completely unnoticed. A trip to the attic and a frantic search had finally yielded the small artificial tree and a box of ornaments.
It would be the box that held their most precious and sentimental ones. It was, she thought, a judgment on her.
There were presents under the tree, too, but like the tree itself the pile was much smaller than before. Fans of her blog sent her little gifts, and there were things from family and friends, but the giant heap of Jeff's presents was missing. Knowing her love of packages, every year he gave her dozens of things, most small and insignificant – a new nail file, a sample jar of jelly, a pair of panty hose – just to see her joy in opening them. To her eyes, it looked naked under the tree.
Then, in the fastness of a silent and early dusk, came the one sound Damaris had never expected. The doorbell!
Who could be calling at this time of night on Christmas Eve? She didn't believe in Santa Claus and none of the neighbors were special friends.
Jeff?
Could it be Jeff? Could this Christmas Eve be affecting him as much as her?
Damaris dashed through the house and threw open the door only to find a man she had never seen. 
Hopes she didn't know she had shattered around her.
“Damaris Winston?” he asked.
“Yes.”
“Here.” He held out a flat manila envelope and, the instant her fingers closed on it, turned and walked away.
“Wait! What is this?” she called, but he was already in his car and driving.
Damaris could not help but glance up at the sky. As they had for days, the clouds hung low and dark and swollen, but nothing had fallen. Last year there had been a fairyland snow – white and sparkly, like on a Christmas card. This year the ground was dry and bleak. There hadn't been any kind of a snow since a few flakes had fallen not long after Thanksgiving. 
Stepping back into the well-lit living room, Damaris studied the envelope. Yes, that was her name and her address on the front. There was no return address. The envelope was thin and almost weightless; it could not have held more than a sheet of paper or two.
Damaris' hands began to shake. Divorce papers? The man had acted like a process server – ascertain the identity, hand over the summons and get out quickly. Had Jeff filed for divorce? And why now, why on Christmas Eve?
She clasped the envelope closely to her as if to keep whatever was inside from escaping. Now she couldn't help it. She started to sob in earnest, tears streaming down her face. Where had it all gone wrong? Why?
Not where. And not why. She knew it was all her fault.
It had been natural to blog about their purchase and renovation of this old house. She had worked hard to make their troubles – antiquated plumbing, termites, a leaking roof, just about every disaster that could befall an elderly house – seem lighthearted and funny, even when she and Jeff had been driven to the screaming point.
What Damaris hadn't realized was that her columns centered on Jeff and, in an attempt to make them humorous, had made him seem like a buffoon. At least, that was what Jeff had shouted at her as he was packing his bag. He was tired, he said, of being made a figure of fun. He was tired of being teased at his job about his ineptness in spite of the fact his work record was unblemished. He was tired of the men at the hardware store treating him like a certifiable idiot. 
It had been the day the water heater had at last given up the ghost. They had hoped to nurse it along for another year, but its rusted connections had burst not long after Thanksgiving, allowing an invasive spill of water to cover the entire ground floor. Grumbling all the time, Jeff had helped clean up the mess, then thrown his clothes into a suitcase and left.
They had not talked since.
Damaris had expected him to last just a week or two. He had never been good at the little things of taking care of himself – laundry, meals, that kind of thing – but time passed and he didn't call. His best friend had been surprised when Damaris called asking about Jeff and wondering why he hadn't come home. “The man's got his pride,” he had said. 
Pride? Well, Damaris had her pride too. She had gone on with her columns, but all without making any mention of Jeff save one saying he was out of town. She hadn't done anything wrong; she'd said just as many complimentary things about Jeff as anything else, and everything had been just teasing. Why should she apologize?
“Pride's a cold thing to take to bed on a winter night,” her best friend had said, but Damaris ignored her. 
Now on the night she and Jeff had always been closest, they were so far apart they might never get together again, and she held an anonymous envelope that could possibly signal the end of her life as she knew it.
Damaris swallowed, and sniffed, and thought about just tossing the envelope into the trash, but she knew things could not be solved by ignoring them. You had to face things. She ripped into the envelope, carelessly getting a small paper cut just inside the knuckle where she knew it would bother her for weeks. She didn't care. What was the sting of a paper cut compared to the dissolution of her life?
It wasn't divorce papers. It wasn't anything but a single sheet of paper with directions and a time.
8:00 pm.
VanNess Road east to Shady Grove Road. Left to Browder, then right 3½ miles on the whiterock road. 
Damaris blinked.
VanNess was the road outside their house. She'd never taken it east but once or twice. Town and everything they needed was to the west. She and Jeff had promised themselves that they would explore the countryside after the house was under control.
What was this? Directions to someplace she didn't know from someone she didn't know? Weird. She'd finish decorating the tree and then have a drink. She could explore this tomorrow, in the daylight. It would be something to fill up the unspeakable emptiness of a Christmas Day alone.
This year un-smothered by greenery, the anniversary clock on the mantle chimed the half hour. 7:30. This time last year they'd already been at the church. Not normally churchy people, she and Jeff had always gone to a Christmas Eve service. Last year they had gone into the city church they had frequented, promising themselves that by the next Christmas they would find a local church. Of course they hadn't. There had always been too much to do.
Suddenly the house became intolerable. Damaris couldn't stay here. She had to go somewhere. Grabbing the first coat she could find in the closet, she hardly noticed until she was outside that it was the plaid. On an impulse the winter before she and Jeff had bought matching plaid coats similar to the couple on the little ornament. Well, it was a warm coat and it was bitterly cold. She had to get used to life without Jeff, and everything she had reminded her of him. 
Without thinking Damaris found herself following the mysterious directions. VanNess. Shady Grove. Browder. Then the whiterock road. She knew she was crazy, that she should be afraid, but the dark outside was comforting, like a blanket around her, and anyway, she had the car and the doors were locked.
The faint hint of music filled the air. Damaris rolled the window down enough to hear that it was a carol, sung with more faith and hope than talent.
There, surrounded with an untidy fringe of parked cars, was a small, white, simple rural church, its colored glass windows ablaze with light. From wherever the mysterious directions had come, this was just what she needed.
She parked by turning off the car where it sat, then started to walk towards the church. Tonight of all nights whatever denomination this was should be welcoming toward a lonely stranger, wouldn't they?
Damaris stopped and stared. Just on the other side of the small porch a man was coming towards her. He wore a plaid coat.
“Jeff!” she cried, and then they were both running across the small distance that separated them, meeting in an ecstatic jumble of embraces and kisses.
“I got your directions,” they said in unison, stared in surprise, then shrugged and kissed again.
Like the blessings of angels, snowflakes began to fall.
###

About Janis
Janis Susan May is a seventh-generation Texan and a third-generation wordsmith who writes mysteries as Janis Patterson, romances and other things as Janis Susan May, children’s books as Janis Susan Patterson and scholarly works and non-fiction as J.S.M. Patterson.
Janis and her husband live in Texas with an assortment of rescued furbabies.

Where to Find Janis
Website
www.JanisSusanMay.com
Website
www.JanisPattersonMysteries.com

Tropical Christmas
by
Gemma Juliana

On the morning before Christmas, Scarlett O’Mara stepped out of the island airport into the sunshine and squinted. Breezy trade winds coaxed the tall palm fronds to sway as if in greeting and flirted with the hem of her black leather miniskirt.
She stared down at her bright red toenails in the slinky new fire engine red high-heeled sandals she’d purchased on a reckless whim.
She’d feared returning without him… that it might stir rawness and vulnerability that would overwhelm her. So, in her usual jump-in-front-of-an-oncoming-train approach to life, she’d accepted his sister’s invitation to spend Christmas at the villa.
Returning for this last visit was no mistake. Like everything Scarlett did, she’d approach this project—codenamed CLOSURE—with surgical precision. By returning to the scene of the battle, the festering wound could be opened, cleaned, then sealed shut so she could get on with her life. The scar would eventually fade.
“Welcome back to paradise.”
The deep familiar voice came from behind. Scarlett froze and shivered, and it wasn’t from the cool breeze. That husky, rich, drop-dead sexy voice always made her shiver. She hadn’t heard it in three hundred and thirty-three days.
“Jake.” She wished she’d put on sunglasses before exiting the building. “Liz didn’t say you’d be here. In fact, she said you wouldn’t be here.”
“It was a last minute decision.” A hint of amusement laced his words.
“Ah, yes, I forgot. You’re the king of surprises.”
“You don’t seem particularly pleased to see me.”
Scarlett wished she could dematerialize like a genie, but she was stuck with him until they arrived at the villa.
“I’m not.” Her icy blue eyes locked onto his dark glasses with laser-like precision. She was glad she’d applied mascara and liner this morning although she hadn’t felt like it. “Why didn’t Liz come?” 
“She…couldn’t make it.”
“She could have sent someone else.” It wasn’t like Liz not to have alerted her to the change of plans, unless— “She’s okay?”
“Liz is splendid. This is her time of year to shine.”
Jake took her wheeled bag and walked toward the open-air car park just across the road. Scarlett could have kept up with him but walked a few steps behind.
Damn! How was she going to survive five days with Jake? And what if he’d brought a new lady friend for the holidays? Scarlett swallowed hard. She’d come to do emotional surgery, but not to distress herself by going into turbulence and shock.
He lifted her bag into the back of an old-fashioned convertible with white leather seats and then held the passenger door open for her.
Scarlett slipped onto the leather seat, the coolness refreshing against her thighs. Digging in her bag, she put on shades and tied an emerald chiffon scarf around her blonde curls. The extra layer of privacy stoked her courage. In the time it took him to slide behind the steering wheel, she had morphed into a movie star look-alike.
Once the car sprang to life, Jake was in no hurry to hit the road. He rested an elbow on the door and the other arm along the back of Scarlett’s seat.
“Spending Christmas with you is an unexpected turn of events. I just want you to know this isn’t an ambush—I didn’t know you were coming.”
Scarlett’s heart thumped so hard in her chest she was certain he must be able to see it. She swallowed hard, unsure what to say. Unexpected… but how did he feel about it?
She bit back a few cutting remarks that came to mind. If they were to enjoy the holiday, she’d have to be civil—or at least try.
“If I knew you’d be here, I wouldn’t have come.” She said truthfully, avoiding his gaze. “Look, we can stay out of each other’s way. There’ll be plenty of other guests.”
“No, there won’t be.” Tension laced his words.
“Liz invited a dozen guests, Jake, so let’s not play games. Events are planned for a very festive few days.”
“That’s what she told us both to get us here.” Brooding, Jake knocked the car into drive. They took off along the winding coastal road.
Wind whipped at his deep blond hair. The dark stubble on his chin was sexy as hell. Damn, her body was responding to the look of him, the pine and sandalwood scent of him, the deep timbre of his voice. Even his moodiness was gripping. This was not good. Stop it, Scarlett, or you’ll throw yourself at the man who dumped you!
“Liz is my best friend. She wouldn’t lie to me.”
“Your best friend has become a matchmaker.”
“You mean she lured us here to spend Christmas together without telling us?” Scarlett stared at the strip of white sand along the edge of the tropical aqua sea. Frothy white caps danced on top. Would Liz do that?
“That’s the least of it. She—” Jake’s words were devoured by the wind.
Scarlett didn’t care. She didn’t want to hear more. She’d been so excited about this trip, but instead of enjoying it, her arrival had been ruined and her light-hearted mood blown away on the breeze. 
Wondering if there was any music to go with the modern sound system someone had installed in the antique car, Scarlett opened the glove compartment and saw several CD cases. She popped a random disc into the slot and calypso steel band music put an end to further discussion. 
Nobody knew better than Liz how devastated she’d been by the break up. Setting her up again with Jake would be like a betrayal. Perhaps he was lying, but she decided she’d clear it all up with Liz as soon as she arrived. Cutting the trip short and heading home might be the best option.
They zipped along the coastline in silence until they arrived at the familiar golden gates. Clicking a gate opener, they swung open to expose the curving uphill driveway. He pulled the classic pink and white car to a stop between the fountain and the villa’s entrance.
Throwing her door open she stepped out, nipping his impeccable chivalry in the bud. Villa Favorita commanded one of the best vistas on the island, and the stunning view of the bay and docked cruise ships enchanted her as much as ever.
She climbed the steps to the entrance while he grabbed her bag. Turning, a wicked smile settled on her lips as she caught him staring at her legs with a hungry expression. He’d always loved her legs. So, he was feeling it, too.
Jake threw the front door open and gestured her inside. The spacious villa gleamed and dazzled, glittered and sparkled, fully dressed for Christmas. Liz flew a team in from New York every year and spent a small fortune on decorations so the theme would inspire delight in everyone who crossed the threshold.
This year’s colors were pink, copper and silver… twinkling garlands and trees were ablaze throughout the ground floor. Mistletoe was positioned overhead on the archway leading into the sunroom. The scent of Christmas wafted on the air, and classic Christmas music played subtly in the background, disguising the fact the villa was otherwise silent, and empty. Scarlett circled around the entire ground floor and ended up in the kitchen. Nobody.
Butterflies fluttered in her belly. She must be wrong, but she couldn’t shake the strange feeling that nobody else was here, nor would anyone be arriving anytime soon. She was alone with Jake in the most romantic villa in the world…at Christmas.
She spun around and collided with his chest. His hands rose to steady her, warm upon her upper arms, then gliding down her back to her hips. His lips were a breath away.
“Where is everyone?” Damn that tremor in her voice.
“I tried to tell you in the car—Liz isn’t here.”
“She flew down three days ahead of me.” She was still in his arms, and it felt good.
“True.” Jake released her with reluctance before removing his shades to expose intense cappuccino eyes. Then he gently removed her sunglasses before untying her scarf and lifting it off her curls. He ran his thumb over her pouty bottom lip. “Come,” he took her hand, “Liz wrote you a letter.”
He led her to the sunroom that ran the length of the house, with a stunning sea view down the other side of the island. Walking to a French escritoire, he handed her an envelope that bore her name in green ink.
Scarlett hesitated, staring at him. She doubted she’d like what she read.
“Darling Scarlett—Surprise! I chartered a yacht and am cruising with guests for Christmas. It was no easy feat, pulling off my little deception, but it worked. You and Jake have the villa to yourselves until New Year’s Eve. This is my gift to the two people I love most. Life is short, and time is wasting. You are both too stubborn and proud to admit you love each other. We’ll enjoy a splendid New Year’s Eve party. Let’s celebrate your new beginning. Love, Liz.”
“What possessed her?” The letter fell from Scarlett’s numb fingers. “I’ll stay tonight and fly home in the morning.”
“There are no flights off the island on Christmas day,” he reminded her.
“Of course… she thought of everything. I’m sure there are other people you’d rather spend Christmas with than me.”
Scarlett stood before the only man she had ever loved. She felt naked, stripped of all choices. Liz had indeed become a matchmaker, deciding what was best for them and then moving mountains to make it happen. Jake hadn’t asked for this any more than she had. It was unfair to them both.
“Don’t leave.” Leaning against the desk, he ran a hand over the stubble on his chin, too sexy looking for his own good. “She left me a similar letter. I thought about leaving, but decided to go out on a limb for a chance to win you back. That’s what I want more than anything.”
Jake moved toward her, and cupped her cheeks in his large warm hands. His golden brown eyes rested on her lips and then gazed into her eyes.
“But… you dumped me.” She was beyond caring about the hurt and anger in her words.
Jake looked shocked. “I never did. You’re the one who stopped taking my calls.”
“What did you expect? I turned on the news and saw you and Candace on a cruise ship in the Mediterranean. You said you were in France on a business trip. When we came here for Christmas I tried to get you to talk about it, but you didn’t. You were distant, like you had something to hide. So I left.”
Jake looked down at his hands with a grim expression. “I was wrong not to tell you the whole story, but I didn’t lie. It was a business trip. I had meetings scheduled with the owner of that cruise ship. Then the craziest thing happened. I ran into my ex-wife with her new husband on the same ship—celebrating their honeymoon.”
“That sounds far-fetched.”
“You see? I knew you’d see it that way. I didn’t know at the time you saw me on TV, didn’t know what to say. Guilt was tearing me up because I said nothing. Except for that virus scare that put us on worldwide television, you’d never have known. When you left the island the day after Christmas, my worst nightmare came true.”
“I figured you went back to her. I felt so betrayed.”
“It was my mistake for handling it so poorly, and I paid the price by losing you.”
A tiny spark of hope ignited deep inside her. She put her hands on Jake’s shoulders and raised her chin, her lips not far from his.
“You should have told me.”
“I was going to, but you stopped talking to me. So I wrote to you instead.”
The letter was still on her desk, unopened. “What a ridiculous misunderstanding.”
He leaned down, his lips parting hers. His tongue entered, demanding and impatient as he took her in his arms.
“I’ve never stopped loving you, Scarlett. Will you stay for Christmas?”
“Since we have this beautiful villa all to ourselves, let’s enjoy a private Caribbean Christmas. I came here to heal my wounds, so maybe you can help me?” A dazzling smile illuminated Scarlett’s face. “We can take it one day at a time, and see where it leads.”
“I can think of many ways to help you heal,” Jake took her by the hand and led her to the archway, stopping beneath the mistletoe. “We’ve just lost a year, and I don’t want to lose another minute.”
“We’ve got to think up a good prank to play on Liz, too. She really deserves it.”
“Great idea, but first it’s time for a true tropical Christmas kiss beneath the mistletoe.”
###

About Gemma
GEMMA JULIANA is a multi-published author who lives in an enchanted cottage in north Texas with her handsome hero, teen son and a comical dog. She loves making new friends and hearing from readers. Exotic coffee and chocolate fuel her creativity.

Where to Find Gemma
Website
http://www.gemmajuliana.com
Twitter
http://twitter.com/gemma_juliana
You can find Gemma's books at the major ebook retailers.

A Kiss and a Promise
by
Lyndi Lamont

Hammond Park, England, December 21, 1878

A whirlwind rushed down the hallway and into Sophia’s bedroom.
Amused, she watched as her younger sister Cora hurried to the window, her red curls quivering in anticipation. Using the side of her fist, she wiped the steam off the inside of the glass and peered outside.
“Hurry, Sophia, I see them.” Cora turned and grinned. “I love sleighing. I’m so happy it snowed.”
Sophia moved toward the window and joined her. To say it had snowed was a bit of an understatement. The country had been in a deep freeze since November, and white powder decorated large swathes of the countryside. The Blatchford sleigh was indeed proceeding up the drive. As it neared, she noted Harry was driving, with little Phoebe beside him, while Lydia and Harry’s friend, Gerald Lovell, huddled in the back. Good for Lydia, Sophia thought. A match with Gerald would be just the thing.
“We’re late,” Cora said. “Better get your coat. Race you downstairs.”
“I’ll be down shortly,” Sophia promised, but not until she’d double checked her appearance in the mirror. She’d donned her warmest gown of dark green wool, knowing it brought out the color of her eyes.
Grabbing her fur muff, she left the room and walked down the wide stairs with all the dignity her eighteen years demanded. Cora’s excitement was contagious, and Sophia had to admit she was looking forward to gathering mistletoe for the kissing boughs. Her heart beat faster in anticipation at the thought of spending time with her friend’s brother. Still, she wasn’t about to give Harry the satisfaction of knowing she was anxious to see him. He was far too confident for his own good. And far too handsome for hers.
“There you are, finally!” Cora exclaimed.
“She always keeps us waiting,” Reginald remarked, a philosophical tone to his voice.
She smiled at her young brother and tousled his brown hair. “A lady does not rush.”
An anxious minute later, a knock sounded and their butler, Milsom, opened the door. A blast of air preceded the sleighing party inside. Lydia and Phoebe entered first, cheeks bright red from the cold. Lydia looked radiant, her normally pale face infused with color. Young Phoebe was only thirteen, but promised to be a flaxen-haired beauty in a few years, eclipsing her older sister.
The young men doffed their hats. Harry’s fair hair was mussed and his blue eyes twinkled as he bent over her hand. “You look lovely, Lady Sophia.”
Her face heated under his scrutiny. Odd how his presence affected her these days, no longer Lydia’s annoying older brother, but a handsome, eligible bachelor. Well, not eligible enough for her father’s taste.
“Look who I brought,” he said.
Gerald stepped forward to bow over her hand as well. Harry’s school chum was tall and lanky, with brown hair and eyes, and a long face.
After greetings all around, the Blatchford party turned down the offer of refreshments.
“We really ought to get going,” Harry remarked. “I am not sure how long the weather will hold, and Mama will be frantic if we do not return home before dark.”
The younger Hammonds quickly donned their coats and mufflers, but Harry held Sophia’s coat for her. He rested a hand on her shoulder, before offering her his arm and leading her to the sleigh. The chill air stole her breath, though she felt oddly exhilarated.
“Pile in, everyone,” Harry ordered.
Gerald ushered Cora and Lydia into the back seat of the sleigh and squeezed in beside them. Little Phoebe climbed into his lap, leaving Sophia in the front between Harry and her brother. She leaned a little closer into Harry’s warmth, enjoying the closeness.
“Which way?” he asked.
Reggie gave directions to the best spot for gathering holly and mistletoe, and Harry steered the horses in that direction, bells attached to the harness jingling with each step. The weather had been beastly for the last month, but it had turned the estate into a winter fairyland. Silent snow-covered fields stretched as far as she could see, and each tree sported a layer of white, softening the stark look of the winter scene. The sky was overcast, and she suspected Harry was right to rush them along.
As soon as the sleigh stopped, Reggie jumped out, made a snowball and threw it at Cora as she exited the sleigh. She yelped and chased Reggie, Phoebe on her heels squealing with excitement. Sophia watched them with amusement. Oh, to be a child again.
But she was long past that sort of behavior. She’d had a season in London, after all. She glanced at Harry and caught a gleam in his eye. “Do not even think of joining those hooligans.”
He laughed and held out an arm. She smiled at him and grabbed a basket from the sleigh, put her hand on his arm, and let him lead her into the quiet and peaceful wood. Gerald and Lydia joined them. Soon the young men were competing to see who could collect the most greenery.
When Lydia’s basket was full, she and Gerald headed back to the sleigh, his head bent to catch her every word.
Sophia turned back to see Harry standing in front of her, holding a sprig of mistletoe over his head. His blue eyes danced with mischief.
“Oh, no,” she said, stepping backwards. “I will not let you trick me.”
“But, Sophia, you know it is bad luck to refuse a kiss under the mistletoe.”
Sophia found her resolve wavering when she heard an outraged screech, followed by, “I hate you, Reggie!”
She spun around to see little Phoebe sprawled on the ground, her bonnet askew, and traces of snow on her face. Sophia hurried to her and crouched down. “Oh, you poor dear.” Removing her scarf, she wiped the snow from the girl’s face.
Lydia knelt beside her sister. “Stop crying, Phoebe, or your tears will freeze and turn you into an icicle. You’re not hurt.”
Phoebe wiped her nose with Sophia’s handkerchief, and the older girls helped the child to her feet. 
“What were you thinking, Reggie? That’s no way to treat a little girl.”
Sophia turned her head to see Harry giving her guilty-looking brother a stern talking-to. She smiled. Reggie wouldn’t behave like that again. He looked up to Harry as an older brother.
“Harry, we need to get Phoebe back to the house.”
Harry strode over and scooped Phoebe into his arms. “Gerald, will you drive?”
“Certainly,” Gerald said.
Harry climbed into the back of the sleigh, wrapped his little sister in a warm robe, and cradled her on his lap. Lydia and Cora joined him. Gerald assisted Sophia into the front seat of the sleigh, a subdued Reggie beside her, and they headed back to the house as quickly as the horses could trot through the snow.
***
Back at the manor, Harry carried Phoebe upstairs to Cora’s room where he was shooed away by the Hammond’s housekeeper, Mrs. Milsom.
“We’ll take care of the poor tyke, don’t you fear, Mr. B. Best she spend the night, I don’t doubt.”
“She’ll be fine,” Sophia assured him. “Go on down to the parlor and warm yourself. There should be refreshments and hot drinks ready. Lydia and I will be down in a trice.”
After assuring herself that Phoebe was being cared for, Lydia followed Sophia to her room where the girls primped a bit.
On the way downstairs, Sophia said, “Oh, Lydia, I cannot wait to go back to London in the spring. Perhaps we will both make splendid matches!”
Lydia frowned. “You will pardon me if I do not share your sentiment, for my dearest wish is for you to one day become my sister-in-law.”
Sophia smiled at her. “I would like that, too. Harry tried to kiss me earlier.”
Lydia laughed. “I take it he was not successful.”
“No, but the day is not over.”
Lydia was still giggling when they entered the parlor. The room was pleasantly warm, the fire having been lit before they left. A tea table waited with pastries and small sandwiches, half of which were already missing. Harry and Gerald stood before the fire, sipping mugs of steaming liquid. Sophia poured tea for Lydia and then fixed a cup for herself. The warm drink chased away the rest of the chill.
After finishing her tea, Sophia put down her cup and excused herself to look for a book. Entering the library, she searched the bookshelves for her father’s copy of A Christmas Carol to read later. When she turned around, Harry was behind her, much too close for comfort. He leaned forward, trapping her with one hand resting on the bookcase.
She swallowed. “Harry?”
He lifted his other hand and she saw what was in it. He quirked a brow and dangled the mistletoe over her head. “You avoided a Yule custom earlier today, but I am prepared.”
She looked into his blue eyes, now intent and languorous, and knew she could not refuse again. She licked her lips. “Well, no one wants bad luck.”
He lowered his head to press his mouth to hers, not touching her anywhere else. Her eyes drifted closed. She’d never been kissed before, and it was far better than she’d imagined. Swaying a little, she clutched at his lapels and kissed him back. He tasted of tea and whisky. His lips were warm and soft, but demanding. When she sighed, he increased the pressure of the kiss.
A loud harrumph interrupted them.
They jumped apart to see the butler in the doorway, followed by Gerald and Lydia. Sophia’s face heated in what she knew was a violent blush. “What is it, Milsom?”
“The weather appears to be worsening toward the west, my lady. If the young gentlemen are going to leave, they had best get moving.”
Gerald went to the window and looked out. “He’s right, Harry. It looks like another storm is headed this way.”
Harry sighed. “We’d better move along, then. Lydia, will you come with us?’
“I’ll stay with Phoebe, if that is all right with the Hammonds.” At Sophia’s nod, Lydia rose on her tiptoes to kiss him on the cheek. “Drive carefully.”
“Yes,” Sophia said. “Are you certain you want to return home today?”
“Mama will have an apoplexy do we not. She will imagine all sorts of awful eventualities and take to her bed with a migraine. We’ll be fine, won’t we, Gerald?”
“Yes, of course.”
Men, Sophia thought fondly. Always so sure of themselves. “Very well, but do be careful.”
“Why, Sophia, I begin to think you care.”
She swatted his arm. “Dolt.”
“I will be back tomorrow, and we will take up where we left off,” he promised. “Happy Yule, Sophia.”
Her face heated again as she bade him goodbye.
She and Lydia watched from the window as the sleigh drove off. After Lydia went upstairs to check on Phoebe, Sophia lingered, staring out into the darkening afternoon, replaying that special moment in the library. She wished the storm had waited so Milsom had not felt compelled to interrupt them. A few more minutes of Harry’s kisses would have been lovely.
What would happen if he ever proposed? He was not the titled lord her parents wished for her, but the Blatchford estate marched with theirs, and did she marry him, she wouldn’t have to move far away. Surely her mother would be happy to have her grandchildren so close by.
My, but she was getting ahead of herself. Still, a girl could dream.
When the window fogged up, she drew a heart in the condensation with one finger. Inside, she wrote Harry and Sophia, forever.
###

About Lindi
Lyndi Lamont is the racy alter ego of author Linda McLaughlin, who writes historical and Regency Romance. Since becoming Lyndi Lamont, she has discovered that writing sexy romance is a license to be naughty, at least between the pages of a book.

Where to Find Lindi
Website
http://lindalyndi.com

A Cowboy’s Holiday
by
E. Ayers

Hannah Smith was sitting by a window. She seemed to be staring into nothingness. Her dark brown hair was pulled into a large clip and some of it had escaped the plastic jaws and now tumbled down her back.
Jeremy McCullough walked over, lightly tugged on her wayward lock of hair and put his cup of coffee on her table as he slid onto the seat across from her. “Hi. Penny for your thoughts.”
She looked at him and smiled. “Hi. Not thinking about much of anything. Are you going home for the holidays?”
“Yeah. Three days of driving. I tried doing it in two and almost fell asleep behind the wheel. With the snow that is predicted, it might take me more than three.”
“You’re lucky. You get to go home.”
“You’re not going home?”
She shook her head. “Can’t afford it. My mom is military and my dad and siblings went with her. She’s not even in this country. She’s in Japan.”
“What are you going to do?”
“Same thing as last Christmas. Stay here.” Her smile looked forced. “I was hoping you’d be here, too. Keep each other company and all that.”
This is worth a try and it just might be my lucky break. “Why don’t you come with me? Ever been to Wyoming?”
“I’ve been to a lot of places growing up, but never to Wyoming.” She grimaced. “But I can’t just go home with you. It’s not as though you live an hour away.”
“I don’t morph at night into a crazed animal with claws, nor am I an axe murderer. I promise I’m a gentleman, and my family will welcome you with open arms.” He pulled his phone from his pocket. “Listen.” He touched the screen and the phone began to ring. “Hi, Grandma. May I bring a filly home with me? She doesn’t have anyplace to go for Christmas.”
“Of course, you may. Is there anything more to this story that you’d like to tell me?”
He could hear the smile in his grandmother’s words. “No. She’s just a fellow student. But I don’t want her staying here on campus alone over the holiday.”
“But if she’s more than just a friend…”
“Grandma, I promise, she’s just a friend and would appreciate the guest room.”
“Are you sure? You’re a grown man. No one is going to say anything if you want her in your room.”
He could feel the heat headed for his cheeks, and prayed it wouldn’t show as he winked at Hannah. “Really, Grandma. She’s just a friend. We’ve taken classes together, and we often run into each other on campus.”
Hannah put her hand on her forehead as her cheeks flushed, and she lowered her gaze to her almost empty coffee cup.
“Well, of course, she’s welcome to come. It’s nothing for me to set an extra plate. Besides it is Christmas. You two talk it over and let me know when you are on the road.”
“I will, Grandma. Thanks.” He disconnected the call and grinned at Hannah. “See, it was that easy. You’re coming home with me.”
“But I don’t have a bunch of extra money to pay for hotel rooms between there and here.”
“Don’t worry about any expenses. I can cover everything.”
“Professor Hadley invited me to have Christmas dinner with her family. It’s not that I won’t have anyplace to go. She’s very nice, and often has students over who are stuck here.”
“You’re coming with me.”
“But I--”
“Hannah, you’re coming with me…as a friend…to my family’s ranch. I promise I’m a total gentleman.”
Hannah giggled. “You never struck me as being anything else.”
He rolled his palms so they faced up. “I’m a normal male, but my parents raised me to at least act like a decent one. Just wear really ugly pajamas, because I don’t need any temptation.”
She laughed. “Does that mean you like me?”
“Why wouldn’t I? Let’s grab some pizza. I want to get some sleep tonight. I like getting on the road early.”
“Are you asking me out on a date?”
“Call it whatever you want. I’ll call it pizza with a friend.” He swigged down the last of his coffee. “If we go now, it’ll be quieter. I think there are some holiday parties planned for tonight, and I’d like to be asleep before that happens.”
She pushed her chair back. “I’m fine with that.”
***
At five o’clock in the morning, Hannah, still bleary-eyed, dragged her suitcase out of the dorm and into the parking lot where Jeremy greeted her.
“Not much of a morning person?”
She knitted her eyebrows together and watched as he stowed her bag in the cab of his pickup truck. “It’s not morning. The sun isn’t up.”
“What time did you go to bed?”
“Midnight. I had to do laundry so I had something to pack.”
He laughed and held the passenger door for her. “You can go back to sleep.”
“I should have brought my pillow.”
“Well, go get it.”
She turned and went back into the dorm. What am I doing up? What am I thinking? I’m not.
On the third floor, she unlocked her dorm room and grabbed her fuzzy throw and the pillow from her bed. Great. I’m taking my blankie and my pillow. He’s going to think I’ve lost my mind.
She returned to his truck, and he held the door for her.
“There’s coffee for you in the cup holder.”
How can he be so awake? She fastened her seatbelt and sipped the coffee. It was perfect. “How did you know what I like in my coffee?”
“Do you realize how many times I’ve watched you fix your cup?”
Warmth emanated from the seat where she sat. She looked around the cab, and it looked like a luxury car complete with a large computer screen in the dash.
He was saying something about beating the morning traffic on the interstate, but she tucked her fuzzy throw around her legs, put her head on the pillow, and closed her eyes.
She awakened to discover they were driving through flurries. They had lunch from a fast food drive-thru, but when they stopped for dinner, they ate at a truck stop. About eight thirty, they pulled into a small motel, and Jeremy got a room for them. Suddenly the pleasant day they had spent together dissolved when she realized he’d only reserved a single room with two beds.
Her insides clenched. She’d never spent a night with a man. Now she was miles from school with almost no money, and she was with Jeremy McCullough, one of the hottest, smartest guys on campus. Probably every female enrolled in the veterinary school would have killed to be alone in the motel room with him. So why am I feeling like a trapped animal?
“Pick a bed.” He looked around. “Don’t bother. I’m taking the one closest to the door. That one is yours.”
“Why do you say that?”
“Protection. A man sleeps closest to the door in case there’s an intruder or something.”
She raised her eyebrows and looked at him.
He checked the room and the bathroom. “All’s well. Why don’t you use the bathroom first to do whatever, such as put on really ugly pajamas, and then I will.”
“I don’t think I own ugly pajamas.”
He chuckled. “Neither do I.”
She watched him blow a long breath between pursed lips as he sat on the edge of the bed and grabbed the remote. Something inside told her he was feeling just as awkward about the situation. The TV clicked on and he flipped through a few channels. She took her nightshirt, flannel sleeping pants, and a bag of toiletries into the bathroom with her. Quickly she showered and brushed her teeth. Dressed in her night things, she returned to the room. He had turned down her bed for her. The TV was off and he was using his computer tablet.
“There’s WIFI here.” He barely looked at her.
He had changed from his jeans into some pajama bottoms and only wore a short-sleeved T-shirt. Every muscle on him showed. Omigod, he’s sexy. She slipped between the cold sheets. Now what? Do I just say goodnight?
***
Without moving his head, Jeremy glanced up and inhaled. Every curve on Hannah showed under her long-sleeved knit shirt. Don’t think about it.
He heard her climb into her bed and knew he was going to be in for a rough night. “I’ll take my shower in the morning. It helps me wake up.”
“Whatever.”
He used the small bathroom and realized it smelled of her feminine presence, a little like roses and herbs. Sleep. I need sleep. Don’t think about it.
A few minutes later, he returned to the main room. She was curled on her side and he assumed she was asleep, until he caught her watching him. He set the alarm on his phone and glanced at her. She quickly closed her eyes. “I know you’re awake. I want to be on the road at five. What time do you want me to wake you?”
She rolled away from him. “Four thirty?”
“That’ll work.”
It seemed as though sleep would never come. He tossed and turned, and when he couldn’t stand it any longer, he got up and went into the bathroom. It didn’t help that he was certain that she wasn’t sleeping either. When he returned, he quietly opened the door to the parking lot and looked out. Crispy cold air instantly cooled him. He watched big flakes of snow softly floating downward. Several inches of snow coated his truck. According to the weather forecast, they were headed into a major storm. He needed some solid sleep.
When the alarm sounded, he jumped up. He peeked through the curtains that covered a large windowpane, and the snow was coming down hard. The sooner they were on their way, the safer they’d be.
He made a pot of coffee in the motel’s little four-cup pot in their room and then jumped into the shower. Now he kicked himself over his sexual attraction to Hannah that had kept him awake. Instead of getting a full eight hours of sleep, he remembered seeing eleven forty-three on his phone. Less than four hours. She could sleep in the truck, but he had to drive. At a little after four, he woke her and handed her a paper cup of coffee. “We’re going to get out of here while we can still get back on the highway.”
She nodded and ran to the bathroom.
As she closed the door, he called, “Don’t take too long. I’m giving you fifteen minutes to get ready.”
He grabbed a few granola bars from the vending machine at the motel and then loaded their things into the cab. He was glad he’d gassed up before they had pulled in last night. The plows were out and the road had been treated, but the snow was falling faster than they could clear it.
He tried to stay relaxed and not tense up as he drove, but he couldn’t make any time. The road was nothing more than tire tracks from the other vehicles in front of him. By three o’clock in the afternoon, he pulled into a truck stop and inquired about a room. “I need two beds.”
“This isn’t the Hilton; it’s a truck stop. Only one I’ve got left is a king.”
Another man walked into the tiny office. “I need a room.”
“I’ve got one left. If he doesn’t want it, it’s yours.”
Panic seized Jeremy. He was tired and beat. As far as he was concerned, he and Hannah could sleep in shifts. He just knew it was no longer safe for him to keep going. “I’m taking it.”
He filled out the form, swiped his credit card through the card reader, and signed his name on the electronic pad. She’s not going to be happy.
***
Hannah looked at the lone bed and wasn’t certain if she wanted to kill Jeremy or cry.
“If you don’t want to sleep with me, that’s fine, but I’ve got to get a few hours.” He pulled off his boots, jeans, and a shirt, revealing a set of long johns. Three minutes later, he was sound asleep.
She paced around the room and stared at him. Other girls would have been green with envy over the opportunity to spend the night with Jeremy, and many she knew spent nights with their boyfriends. But she wasn’t one of them.
Having grown up in southern ports, driving in blinding snow had scared her. Twice Jeremy managed to avoid cars spinning out of control, and the number of vehicles that littered the roads was unreal. She was probably just as tired and worn out from being tense.
A little after six, she left a note in the room and trudged her way through the snow to the truck stop’s restaurant and ordered dinner-to-go for both of them.
As she opened the motel room’s door, she called, “Hey, Jeremy. I bought some food for us. Wake up and eat.”
He grabbed the food, downed it, and returned to bed without saying more than a few sentences. By seven thirty that evening, his truck was nothing more than a white blob in the parking lot. By nine, she decided she was too tired and bored to do anything but sleep.
Still in her jeans, she tentatively pulled down the covers on her side of the bed and gingerly climbed in. She listened to the gentle rhythmic sounds of him breathing. Her body warmed from the realization of his proximity. What am I doing here?
She had fallen in love with him the first day he walked into the classroom. He had an earthy look to him, and his cowboy getups were real, not that of a city boy trying to look like one. Jeremy was one.
Cornell was probably the most elite of all the veterinary schools in America, so to some extent she understood how a rancher’s son would come east to study. But it wasn’t until they had a few classes together that she realized how intelligent he was. There wasn’t a student there that wasn’t topnotch, but Jeremy had them all beat. He also had a big smile and easy way about him, but she never heard anything about him partying. He had hooked up with another female student, but he never acted like they were a couple. Although Jennifer Deleon made it quite clear that Jeremy belonged to her. Hannah wondered what the relationship really was.
Hannah had just about killed herself to make certain she ran into him as often as possible at the coffee shop or in the cafeteria. He’d sit beside her and even put his arm across the back of her chair. She’d managed to be his lab partner a few times and he always treated her like she was his sister. Now he slept inches from her.
She woke once and realized she was tucked against his body and his arm held her in a protective embrace. Afraid to move, she was aware of the steady rise and fall of his chest against her back.
Truck noise outside awakened her and this time she was curled to his chest. Her attempt to roll away was thwarted as his arm tightened and held her close. He mumbled something that sounded like don’t go.
When his alarm went off, he sprang from the bed and dashed into the bathroom. He returned, grabbed a few things from his duffle bag, and the next thing she heard was water running.
“Hey sleepyhead, wake up. There’s a ton of snow, but it’s stopped falling.”
She dragged herself from the bed and peered out the window. Everything was buried in snow, but not a flake could be seen in the tall lights of the parking lot.
“While you get ready, I’m going to see if I can shovel us out.”
“You’re joking.”
“Nope.” He strode over to her and planted a kiss on her cheek. “Wish me luck. Let’s see if we can get out of here. If not, we’ll just have to get back in bed so you can put your head on my chest. That felt wonderful.”
Heat flew to her cheeks and she discovered the sensation of butterflies flitting in her abdomen.
He grinned and ran his fingers through her hair. “That’s what I call good sleeping.”
She watched him put on his coat and go outside, but the butterflies inside her wouldn’t settle down.
***
Shoveling snow took Jeremy’s mind off of Hannah in a sexual context. He wouldn’t have said there was anything particularly striking about Hannah other than her rich brown hair that she usually attempted to confine in some way or another, but it always escaped. Yet she was easy on the eyes - real easy and intelligent with lots of common sense. He also knew she didn’t date anyone.
Other girls belonged to sororities, but not Hannah. She buried her nose in her books and was extremely diligent. Plus she wasn’t squeamish and tackled hard work head on. He could see himself with someone like her. She’d blend in with his family.
Several of his female classmates were daughters of farmers and a few were horse enthusiasts, but Hannah was neither. From the things she had said, she was looking more towards the laboratory end of veterinary science. But unlike the others, she had a strong work ethic and had no problems with bovines.
The only vet he’d ever known had been Doc Medino. The man had an office in Creed’s Crossing, but made house calls because no one put a sick steer in a trailer and took them to an office.
And having grown up on a ranch, Jeremy had learned to do things such as deliver a foal or calf. He probably was eight years old when his pony dam had a problem with her delivery. His grandfather suggested and then talked that young boy through the steps to help the mother. That incident cemented Jeremy’s desire to become a veterinarian. Then as a teen, he spent summers volunteering with Doc Medino.
But Hannah seemed almost aloof until this trip. He was certain that asking her to come with him was the best move he could have ever made. It wasn’t from lack of trying, but it seemed the most he ever could do was catch her in the library, at the coffee shop, or maybe in the cafeteria. But realizing she was in his arms as he slept did something to him. He didn’t deny his sexual attraction to a pretty female, but Hannah was more than a pretty female. He liked her. He enjoyed her friendship, and her quiet mannerisms. Having her on this trip had changed something inside of him – it reinforced his feelings towards her. It was as though she was his woman and he had to protect her.
The truck stop had a convenience store and, when he finished shoveling, he went there and loaded up on foods that would keep. As he wandered the aisles of the small store, he pulled his phone from his pocket and called home. “Hey, Derrick, what are you doing up at this hour?”
“Drinking coffee. We’re buried in snow here, but we didn’t get it like parts of South Dakota and Iowa. They are getting slammed. Are you trying to drive home through this?”
“Yeah. It stopped snowing. Maybe I can make up for lost time.”
“Better check the road conditions. It stopped here for about eight hours, and it’s coming down like crazy again. Heard you got a filly.”
Jeremy chuckled. “Yeah. Can I ask you something?”
“Go ahead.”
“Was there a time when you held Chessie in your arms and knew that she was the one?”
“Oh yeah. She just fit my body - as though we were meant to be together.”
“I’m feeling that way, and I’ve never had her in a good arm lock or played kissy-face.”
“Watch your step.”
“I will. Tell Mom, when I get close, I’ll call, but right now, I don’t know when that will be. We must have had over a foot of snow in less than twelve hours. I got a room about three o’clock yesterday afternoon. I could barely see the taillights of the vehicle in front of me. I’m hoping I’ll make better time today.”
“Good luck with that. Be safe, and be real careful if you want her.”
“I will be.”
Jeremy paid for the basketful of food he’d picked up at the convenience store and headed back to the motel room. He tossed most of his food purchases in the truck. He always traveled with certain supplies in the winter, but those ready to eat meals his dad had stored in the emergency kit were lousy.
“Omigod, you’re here! I didn’t know what happened to you.”
He motioned with his thumb towards the truck. “I picked up some peanuts and stuff for us. Apparently we’re in for more bad weather. I thought maybe we had cleared it. Guess not. There’s more bad weather ahead of us. We’ll grab some food in the café before we leave. Hope you’re hungry.”
Once they were on the road, Jeremy sighed with relief. The interstate was plowed and they made reasonable time. But by mid afternoon, the weather had turned once again into blinding whiteness.
According to the GPS, there was another truck stop a few miles ahead. He tried to follow the rear lights of a tractor-trailer, but the truck ground to a halt and the trailer fell onto its side.
“Oh no-o-o,” Jeremy hissed and slammed his fist on the steering wheel. He had followed the truck off the road. At least he hadn’t put the ranch’s pickup in a ditch, but he had no idea where the road was. “Guess we’re stuck here until help arrives.”
The trucker got out and looked around. Jeremy knew the man was okay. But that wasn’t helping Jeremy’s mood. Snow kept coming and Jeremy got out several times and cleared the snow from the vehicle and from around the exhaust pipes.
There were a handful of odd supplies in the locked toolbox that went from one side of the truck’s bed to the other side. He found an orange traffic cone with a battery operated flasher and placed it on the corner edge of the truck’s bed. He prayed that no one would plow into him.
He tried his phone and it was dead. He had plenty of charge, but no signal. Hannah didn’t have a signal either. “Either there’s damage to the nearest tower, or we’re in a dead zone. I’m willing to bet, in this storm, it’s tower damage.”
“Now what?” Hannah asked with more than a hint of concern in her voice.
“We wait. We’re going to hope we see a snow plow and I can shovel us from here to the road.”
Hannah’s eyes filled with tears, but she tried to hide them. They ate some peanuts and drank the semi-frozen individual-sized chocolate milk jugs that Jeremy had placed in the toolbox. He brought the other food items he’d stowed there into the cab.
Every so often he’d clear snow and turn the engine on long enough to heat the cab. He grabbed some jeans from his duffle and tried to create a soft bridge between the two seats so that Hanna could sit closer to him. She was shivering even when he wasn’t.
“What are you wearing under your jeans?”
She looked at him. “Underwear.”
“No long johns?”
“Don’t own any.”
He reached in his bag and pulled out a pair. “For you. Put them on. I don’t want you dying of hypothermia from this. I’ll turn my back.”
She seemed to hesitate and then he heard her slipping off her jeans and wiggling in the seat.
“Okay. I’m dressed again, but now I’ve got to pee.”
He looked at her and laughed. “Open your door and step out.”
“What?”
“Do you see a bathroom nearby? You take that side and I’ll take this one. There’s something about the power of suggestion.”
They both laughed.
They ate chips and chocolate. They ate some beef jerky and some cheese and crackers.
“I’m sure it’s rare, but I’ve heard of people being stuck for days. We’d better be careful of what we eat just in case. I’m scared, Jeremy. You hear about people who get stranded like this and die.”
“We’ll be fine. I’m not happy about this, but I’m not scared. I know what I can do. Just keep watching for any lights.” He held out his arms to Hannah and she curled up against him. He tossed the old wool blanket he had over them and then hers over that. “I’m glad you brought your blanket. It’s extra warmth.”
She slept and he watched for any signs of lights. It was well after dark when he spotted yellow flashing lights behind the truck. “Wake up. I think we have a snow plow!”
He got out and took a flare gun with him. As the light approached, he fired it. The plow stopped.
“You okay?” the driver shouted.
“Freezing cold, but okay. Let me follow you! That tractor-trailer is in big trouble but the driver seems to be okay.”
Jeremy grabbed the shovel and cleared enough to fall in behind the plow. The man radioed the truck’s plight to the state police, but the trucker had no desire to leave his rig.
An hour later, Jeremy pulled into another truck stop. Jeremy gassed up his truck, but there was no place to sleep. The convenience store clerk said there was a motel in town and called to check on accommodations. Jeremy said he’d take whatever they had.
The little town’s roads weren’t exactly in good shape but he made it. His cell phone still didn’t work. He looked at the time and knew the entire family would be asleep. He’d call home in the morning.
Even if the weather had been good, he would have one hard day ahead of him, but with all the snow, he figured at least sixteen hours of driving. In the little motel, they watched the weather report on the TV. State police were begging people to stay off the roads and the interstate was officially closed. And after running off the road, he didn’t want to chance a secondary road. They’d stay where they were.
He looked around the tiny room and laughed. “Remind me never to stay here again. What is this, a no-tell motel?”
Hannah giggled. “The sheets look clean.”
“Thank goodness. At least it’s warm.”
Hannah was peeling off the layers of clothes that she had pulled on while they were trapped.
“Um, before you go any further…” He strode to where she was standing and played with a strand of her hair that had slipped from the confines of a large clip. “It’s only fair to tell you…”
***
Hannah looked at him and he grinned as he placed his hands on her shoulders. His pretty hazel-green eyes stared back into hers. He was the most confident man she’d ever known. And she couldn’t imagine spending three grueling days with anyone other than him.
“I wanted to tell you that I didn’t expect this kind of weather. I thought we’d drive through it and that would be the end of it. If I had known, I would have postponed this trip. But part of me is thrilled to have spent this much time with you.” He kissed her cheek. “I can’t imagine anyone else at my side, or when I’ve enjoyed being with anyone as much.”
She scrunched up her nose. “Are you trying to tell me something?”
He looked over at the two beds in the room. “Maybe.” He let go of her, walked away, and sat on the edge of the one bed. “I wish this room had one bed. I really loved holding you in my arms.”
“Is this the part where I’m supposed to swoon?”
He laughed. “Maybe that’s what I really like about you. There’s an inner strength about you. There are plenty of females who would love to get me in bed for a little fun.”
“And… And I wouldn’t?” She sat beside him.
“Yeah, it’s fun. I won’t deny that. But I’m looking for someone who is more than just a… I want something that will last. Someone who understands what I do and wants to do it with me. Someone who knows how to be a woman and knows something about honor.”
She put her fingers to his lips. “Don’t ask me to be too honorable. You’re one sexy male and a cocky one, too.”
“Does that mean you want to do more than sleep?”
“Sleep? I’d love to roll in the hay with you, but I won’t because I’ve got to look at myself in the mirror the next morning.” She touched his cheek.
“That’s not why I asked you to come with me. I figured it would be a really good way for you to get to know me and for you to see where I’m going when I graduate.” He propped a booted foot over his knee and grabbed at the ankle. “I figured I was man enough to safely get you to the ranch without a bunch of hormones kicking in.”
“So are you trying to tell me that you want me in your bed?”
He looked up and grinned. “Yeah, for as long as we live, but let’s get to Wyoming first, because I don’t want to screw up my chances with you.”
She looked at the bed they were sitting on. “I like being in your arms. But I’m trying to protect my virginity.”
“Saving it for marriage?”
“Ideally, yeah.”
“Not what I wanted to hear, but I’ll give you my word and respect your commitment.”
***
After spending two nights in that horrible little motel room, Jeremy pushed his way to the ranch. They arrived after midnight and tiptoed to his room. They had almost made it when his mom opened her bedroom door.
“Jeremy, what did you do?”
“We’ve been on the road since four a.m., I’ll tell you in the morning.”
“But Hannah…”
“We’re too tired to care.”
Jeremy stripped to his underwear and tried to watch Hannah do the same. He barely remembered Hannah curling against this chest. But when he opened his eyes, their legs were tangled, and he had his arm around her. He didn’t want to rush into anything. He wanted to be absolutely certain, and he wanted her to feel the same way. For four nights, they had slept in each other’s arms without doing anything more. Not that he didn’t think about sex or want it, but this was about trust and respect.
He slipped out of bed and readied for the day. He joined his family at the kitchen table and took a good bit of razzing from Derrick over Hannah spending the night with him. He finally held up his hands and looked over his shoulder to be certain Hannah wasn’t in earshot. “I really like Hannah. She’s special, and she’s what I want for a wife.”
***
Hannah slipped into some clean but slightly wrinkled clothes and made her way downstairs. A beautiful tall pine stood in the living room and twinkled with hundreds of tiny lights, and dozens of fancy packages were tucked under it. She never considered her parents to be poor, but she’d never seen such wealth. There was nothing conceited or pretentious about Jeremy, yet she’d known plenty of kids who were total snobs.
She looked out the large windows over white fields that seemed to go on forever. The ranch had to be huge as he had told her last night when they had entered the Lazy A + 8 Ranch and they still drove forever to reach the house. Once inside the house, they had made their way through the house to his room by strategically placed nightlights that glowed across the floors and illuminated every step on the staircase. She had no clue how big or beautiful the place was, until she saw his bedroom in the morning light.
Sounds of laughter and the aroma of sausage drifted into the living room. She followed the sound and stopped short when she heard Jeremy’s voice.
“She’s special and she’s what I want for a wife. I’ve known her since my first day of classes at Cornell. She’s not the least bit shy, but I’ve never even heard of her dating. I tried to ask her out a few times, but she always turned me down – always said she had to study for a test or something. When she told me she wasn’t going home, I knew I had to bring her here. And what better way to get to know someone than to spend a few days driving with them.”
Hannah could feel her body heating. She moved closer to the wall and listened carefully, but the voices were faint.
“We did a lot of talking. I know I’m in love with her. I don’t want to blow it. She needs to come to the same conclusion. And for the record, the only thing we’ve done is sleep.”
Hannah heard another man ask, “And how long do you think you can keep that up?”
“I’ll do whatever it takes for her to see me as more than just another guy who wants to jump her.”
An older voice said, “You better make some plans to sweep that filly off her feet or you’ll lose her. I almost lost your grandmother because she had no clue I was madly in love with her.”
“I think she knows.”
“Don’t think. Do it.”
Hannah shook her hands at her side in an attempt to shed some tension from her body and plastered a smile on her face. Time to meet the family. She took a few more steps and entered the large kitchen with a handful of people sitting at a long table. “Hi, I’m Hannah.”
Several men sprang to their feet, including Jeremy, who immediately offered the chair next to him. “Have a seat and I’ll get you some coffee.”
One by one the family introduced themselves.
She soon discovered that most of the family had already eaten and that Jeremy was waiting for her so that they could eat together. But it wasn’t until after she’d had the most delicious breakfast that she’d probably ever eaten in her life, that Jeremy suggested she needed the grand tour of the ranch and to do a little riding.
She’d only ridden English a few times, so riding western was a new experience. They rode until the house vanished and all she could see in every direction were snow covered fields and distant mountains. It was unbelievably quiet, and the crispy cold air lacked the scent of pollution. Jeremy dismounted and then helped her down.
He took what looked like a horse blanket and dropped it on a piece of wooden fencing. “Have a seat. I wanted to talk to you without a dozen sets of ears listening.”
She sat on the fence and looked around. “It’s beautiful out here, and your grandparents’ house is gorgeous. I’ve never seen such a tall Christmas tree in someone’s home.”
He nodded as he sat beside her. “I’m not trying to impress you with what my family has. We do have one of the largest ranches around here and we’ve always been successful. But I did want you to see the area. This is where I’m coming when I graduate. Our local vet has been counting down the days until I can take over. I think he wanted to retire the day I announced I’d been accepted to Cornell.”
“Not too many students have that kind of a job waiting for them.”
He tugged at the brim of his big western hat. “I’d like to have a partner. There’s plenty of work.”
“I’m sure there are quite a few people who would leap at the chance.”
“Yeah, but I’ve had one person in mind for a long time. I just figured she’d think I was crazy and turn me down.” He fidgeted with the brim of his hat again.
“Someone would be crazy to turn this down.”
“I was kind of hoping that. But the person I wanted, well, it wasn’t until a few days ago that I thought there was any real future.” He put his hand on her leg and turned it up as though to ask for hers.
She slipped her hand into his. “Who did you have in mind?”
He heaved a sigh and his breath showed in the cold air. “There’s this gal at school…”
Freezing cold air went into her lungs and stayed there. Jennifer Deleon. I should have known.
“Seems I could get her to grab a pizza once in a while with me, but she’d never actually go out with me. Always too busy studying or something. I gave up. But right now, I figure I’ve got another chance with her. Seems as though we’re a lot alike… We share the same values.”
She watched him look away and a little part of her crumbled. Everything she had overheard at breakfast disintegrated into tiny pieces. Maybe he wasn’t talking about me. Gathering up her courage, she knew she’d survive. He’d always been a friend. Not anything more than a friend, but a friend. At least she could say she’d spent Christmas with him, and being here was still better than being alone in a dorm room.
He turned back to her and smiled. “You know men get in trouble because women seem to think we grunt like cavemen and only toss out three word sentences. That’s not true, but sometimes like now… Well, I don’t want to fail. I don’t want to mess things up.” He swallowed. “I don’t want to say the wrong thing.”
“Why don’t you grab your phone and ask her? What’s to mess up? Just call her and tell her you’ve already got a job here when you graduate and you’re looking for a partner. Tell her that you want her to be your partner.” She touched her fingertips to her eyes. “This cold really does get to my eyes.”
“You get used to it.”
He took his phone out of his pocket and swiped the screen a few times. “Just call her?”
Hannah nodded, let go of his hand, and slipped from where she was sitting. “I’ll give you some privacy. Just ask her. Just blurt it out. Don’t try to make it flowery. It’s a business proposition. Act professional.”
He nodded and smiled. “Professional. I can do that.”
She walked to where the horses were tied to a railing and let a few tears slip down her cheeks. I want you, Jeremy. That’s why I consented to this insane trip. Not Jennifer. She wants her worm-filled organic garden and to make homemade vegan food for her furry friends. Little Miss Fashion Forward. I can’t see her standing next to a pile of manure. She only cares about the bloodline of a horse.
Her phone rang and she answered it. “Hello.”
“Hi, it’s Jeremy. I’ve got an offer for you. Would you be interested in accepting a veterinary position in the middle of nowhere in Wyoming? I need a partner. And you’re beautiful, sexy, and I’m madly in love with you.”
“Jeremy, you called me. I’m not Jennifer.” She ended the call and slipped the phone into her coat pocket. Tears streamed down her face faster than she could wipe them away. Then she felt Jeremy’s hands on her shoulders.
“I didn’t call Jennifer. I called you. These last few days together confirmed everything I ever knew about you. I don’t just want a professional partner. I want a life-long partner - someone who will love the ranch, and this way of life as much as I do. I want that person to be you.”
She snuffled and tried to push away more tears.
Jeremy handed her a navy blue bandana.
She shook her head, fished in her pocket for a paper napkin that she was certain was stuffed there, and upon finding it, she blew her nose. “Me? You want me?”
He pushed a stray lock of hair from her face. “Yeah, you. We’ve got some time on our side before you commit. There’s a whole lot of family you still haven’t met. Why do you think we have such a big kitchen table?”
“I figured it was huge like everything else in that house.”
Jeremy chuckled. “I’ll call Doc Medino. Maybe we can pal around with him while we’re here. It’ll give you a better idea of what it’s like working in a ranching community. I’m sure he’d like to meet you.”
“Jeremy.”
“Yeah?”
“You’re crazy, and I’m so glad I said yes to coming with you. But please, I don’t ever want to drive through another blizzard. Can we go back to the house now? I’m freezing.”
“This is Wyoming. Are you wearing long johns or just those skimpy underpants that I saw in your suitcase.”
“The skimpiest ones that I own. A thong made of green lace.”
“Hannah, you’re killing me!”
***
Christmas morning, Jeremy watched Hannah’s face when she discovered packages under the tree for her. His parents had bought her a pair of western boots. She slipped her feet into them and apparently they fit perfectly. The look of joy on her face was priceless.
“I love them. I don’t have the words to express how you’ve made me feel.”
Jeremy’s mom answered, “To us, you’re family.”
But her cheeks turned bright pink when she opened the box from Jeremy. He had bought her a half dozen pairs of long johns, but the very bottom of the box contained a white lace thong with a matching skimpy bra.
He fingered a wayward lock of hair that had drifted over her shoulder and whispered in her ear, “Do I get to see them on you?”
She raised her eyebrows and glared at him.
He couldn’t hold back his laughter. He reached in his pocket and slipped a tiny ring from the confines. “If you’re not going to wear those for me, will you at least consider wearing this for now? We can make everything official with a real engagement ring after we’ve graduated.”
He took her hand in his and slipped a tiny gold band with several small diamonds embedded in it onto her finger.
She looked at him and smiled.
Jeremy knew this was the best Christmas he’d ever had. This was the start of his future and that future included Hannah. “Merry Christmas to my future partner.”
“Merry Christmas to the most wonderful guy I’ve ever known.” And then she kissed him.
He wrapped his arms around her. She was everything to him.
###

About E.
E. Ayers is a multi-published and best-selling author of western and contemporary romances. Her books are never too sweet or too hot. She writes down the middle.

Where to Find E.
Twitter
http://twitter.com/ayersbooks
Blog
http://ayersbooks.wordpress.com
Thank You!

Thank you for downloading our Exquisite Quills Holiday Anthology Vol. 2.

Who are we?
Exquisite Quills is an international online community of authors and readers. You'll notice we craft our stories in American English as well as the Queen's so enjoy the various flavors as you read.
The Exquisite Quills Holiday Anthology Vol. 1 and 2 are just a sampling of the creativity found in the EQ.
In today's electronic world, readers are presented with more choices than ever before and that's certainly true for us. Discover our works in many genres wherever books are sold. We also keep websites,
blogs, and newsletters. Follow our links to subscribe and join us on social media.
We love to hear from readers!

Our authors, both seasoned and new, encourage and applaud one another’s literary accomplishments in a friendly and helpful atmosphere. Our cherished reader members get the inside view to the writer’s world
and are welcome to join in our discussions.
http://groups.yahoo.com/neo/groups/ExquisiteQuills

Our busy blog hosts author opportunities and is always open to everyone.
http://exquisitequills.blogspot.com
