Something Wild
A Reckless and Real Prequel
By Lexi Ryan

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 by Lexi Ryan


Copyright © 2014 by Lexi Ryan

All rights reserved. This copy is intended for the original purchaser of this book. No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without prior written permission from the author except by reviewers who may quote brief excerpts in connection with a review. Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights. Purchase only authorized editions.

This book is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to institutions or persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

Cover © 2014 Sarah Hansen, Okay Creations


For Lexi’s Midnight Readers. 
Sharing my writing with you is a guaranteed bright spot in my day. Thank you!

Acknowledgements

As always, I thank my family first. Brian, thank you for the time, encouragement, and patience you give to this crazy career of mine. For sending me to the “satellite office” to work when the kids won’t leave me alone, for listening to my endless out-of-context plot concerns, and for proving day after day that happily-ever-after exists outside my head. You and the kids are my world.

My friends and family, who celebrate my successes as their own, cheer me on every step of the way, and pimp my books out to every literate adult they meet. I am humbled by your enthusiasm and grateful to have built a life surrounded by such amazing people. I hope you know how grateful I am to have you in my life.

To everyone who provided me feedback on and cheers for Liz and Sam’s story along the way—especially Adrienne Hogan, Mira Lynn Kelley, Heather Carver, Karen Newman, and Samantha Leighton—you’re all awesome. To Lexi’s Midnight Readers who were ready for this story back when it was only a kernel of an idea, thank you. You remind me daily why I love this job so much! 

Thank you to the team that helped me package this book and promote it. Sarah Hansen at Okay Creations designed my beautiful cover, and if I have my way she will do many, many more for me. Rhonda Helms and Lauren McKellar, thank you for the insightful line edits, and Arran McNicol at Editing720 for proof reading. Thanks to my PA, Chris, who does her best to keep me organized, even when we’re juggling fifteen tasks at once. A shout-out to Julie of AToMR for your work to promote my books, and to all of the bloggers and reviewers who help her do it. Amazing. Every one of you.

To my agent, Dan Mandel, and my foreign rights agent, Stefanie Diaz, for getting my books into the hands of readers all over the world. Thank you for being part of my team.

Thank you a hundred times over to my NWBs—Sawyer Bennett, Lauren Blakely, Violet Duke, Jessie Evans, Melody Grace, Monica Murphy, and Kendall Ryan. I’m sure you were ready to strangle me when I was trying to figure out how to approach this series and tell the story in the best way possible. Thank you for always giving it to me straight and handing me the brown paper bag when I’m panicking. 

To all my writer friends on Twitter, Facebook, and my various writer loops, thank you for your support and inspiration. I must say, ours is the coolest water cooler in the entire workforce.

And last but certainly not least, thank you to my fans. To those who read the other New Hope books and wanted more, to those who’ve declared you’d gladly read my grocery lists, and to those who have been with me from the very beginning, thank you. I appreciate each and every one of you. I couldn’t do this without you and wouldn’t want to. Thank you for buying my books and telling your friends about them. Thank you for asking me to write more. You’re the best!

~Lexi


About Something Wild
“You need a good guy. A long-term guy. One who does dates and romance and emotional strings…I’m just an asshole who wants to tie you up, make you come, and walk away.”

Samuel Bradshaw is a man with a reputation—the kind of reputation that should have me running the other way. Instead, it has me searching for the shortest distance to his bed. I won’t be the starry-eyed girl who thinks she can change a man like Sam, and despite what he thinks, forever is not what I need. I need the things he makes me feel, the way he turns me on, and the promise of pleasure in his eyes. I need SOMETHING WILD.

**Author’s Note: This is a free prequel to the full-length romance novel SOMETHING RECKLESS.**

Chapter One

Sam

Liz: My undersexed phone would like to invite your undersexed phone to exchange some inappropriate text messages we’ll regret when we’re sober.

When I look up from the message, I catch Lizzy Thompson watching me from her table not five feet from mine. Another woman might blush. Liz winks. 
She’s in red heels and one of those short, tight dresses that’s scientifically engineered to make a man’s jaw drop. Her legs are crossed and on full display from where she’s propped on a stool. 
I lift an eyebrow, questioning, and she shrugs. 
Brady’s is buzzing with activity tonight. The seats at the bar are crowded with men trying to escape their women for the night, and men trying to find a woman to take home are surrounding the pool tables. I’m somewhere in between, at a table with a beer and a few empty shot glasses. I’m not in the mood to socialize, but going home and being left alone with my thoughts sounds even worse.
Last week, I’d been complaining that Will’s phone was getting more action than mine, and Liz asked for my number. I thought she was joking. Apparently not. 
At the time, I would have been all over some dirty sexting with the leggy blonde who’s starred in more than a few of my fantasies. At the time, I had no idea how badly one person could fuck over my world. 
But that was last week. Tonight, I’m a different man. I’m changed. Hell, I’m broken. 
I can’t tell Liz that. I can’t tell anyone. Because telling would lead to questions I don’t care to answer. 
Her lips pull into a subtle pout, and I sigh and type a reply.

Sam: While my undersexed phone would enjoy that, my undersexed brain worries it would put ideas in your head.

I watch her as I wait for my message to go through. She reads it and smirks for a beat before her fingers fly across the screen. Thirty seconds later, my phone buzzes again.

Liz: Oh, the ideas are already there. What’s wrong? Your little guy not UP for the task?

That almost makes me smile. Almost. I didn’t think I could smile tonight, but Liz is the most likely candidate to make that happen. She’s one hundred percent no-nonsense. Sure, maybe half the shit she says is for shock value, but it’s usually what everyone else is thinking. I’ve always liked that about her.

Sam: Sorry to say, I don’t have a LITTLE guy. But my dick is up for anything you’ve got. It’s the next morning that would be a problem. I’m not your type, Rowdy.
Liz: Really? What’s my type?
Sam: You need a good guy. A long-term guy. One who does dates and romance and emotional strings. 
Liz: And what kind of guy are you?
Sam: I’m just an asshole who wants to tie you up, make you come, and walk away. 

I make sure I’m watching when that one goes through, but she doesn’t blanch. Instead, her lips part—fucking beautiful lips, pink and full and perfect. I kissed those lips before, tasted them. It was all I could do to end it there, but I’ve remembered that kiss and thought about a repeat performance a hell of a lot more than once.
She lifts her gaze to mine. Nothing on her face says she’s insulted by my text. Her chest rises and falls and her cheeks flush pink.
No one can tell me I lead women on to get sex. I’ve never needed to. I take women to bed without any promises and make damn sure they don’t regret it. I don’t do commitment or forever, and I don’t hide it. 
Her eyes darken, and her tongue darts out to wet her lips. 
Fuck. Me.
Standing, I throw some money on the table to cover my tab. I have to get out of here before I take her up on her offer. Demons are clawing their way into my easy life, and using her to escape them would only hurt us both.

* * *

Liz

“I could have gone the rest of my life without seeing that.”
I tear my gaze off my drink and look up to see Della Bradshaw sliding onto the stool across from me. “Seeing what?”
“You were eye-fucking my brother.” She shudders. “Not exactly what I had in mind when I asked you to figure out what’s wrong with him.”
“He’s hot, Del. All the girls think so. I’m just the only one honest enough to tell you.”
She gags and rolls her eyes. “Well, whatever. Did he tell you what’s going on?” 
Della’s boyfriend, Connor, says Sam’s struggling with something, but Sam won’t tell his family what it is. Della asked me to figure it out. Seemed like an obscure request to me—doesn’t everyone have a secret? But I could tell she was worried about him, so I agreed to launch a little investigation. “Not yet, but have patience in my process.”
“I’m starting to think your process might involve things I don’t want to think about.”
“Are you worried I’ll break your brother’s heart?”
She snorts. “Try the other way around. Don’t say I didn’t warn you. I saw the way you were looking at him.”
“Consider me warned.”
She hoists her purse onto her shoulder and hops off the stool. “Connor’s waiting for me.”
“Tell him I’m sorry I don’t know anything yet.”
She waves away my apology. “He doesn’t know I asked you. I plan on taking all the credit when you figure it out.”
I arch a brow. “And what do I get?” 
“You get to make fuck me eyes at my big brother without me vomiting all over you.” 
“Oh, gee, I’ll try to contain my excitement.”
“See you at the wedding tomorrow night?”
“Of course. There’s an open bar to look forward to.” I grin mischievously. “And your brother in a suit.”
She shakes her head. “You’re playing with fire, Lizzy.”
“Tell Connor I said hi,” I call as she leaves.
I can tell them that Sam’s having romantic troubles. Everything about his face tonight says someone broke his heart. But I don’t think that’s specific enough to be of any help, nor does it make any sense. As far as I know, he hasn’t been seeing anyone seriously—and it’s hard to keep a relationship secret in a place as small as New Hope.
I might have ulterior motives for helping dig a little into Sam’s life. I’m pretty sure there’s an unspoken rule for teenage girls that requires them to crush on their friends’ older brothers. For me, that was Della’s brother Sam—right up until he rejected me.
I still can’t believe he walked out the door tonight, disregarding my blatant invitation. I’m in shock, but I can’t be offended. Not when I caught the way his eyes raked over me on his way out. And not when his last text message is making my imagination run wild.
I’m just an asshole who wants to tie you up, make you come, and walk away. 

Chapter Two

Liz

“Don’t do it.”
I take my very full glass of red wine from the bartender and frown at Connor Everett. “Do what? Don’t drink this wine? Or don’t get so trashed that my wine goggles get me laid tonight?”
“Don’t try to seduce information out of Sam Bradshaw.” He leans against the bar and scans the reception. Connor’s cute, long, and lean, big hands and kind eyes. Some might even call him handsome, but long ago I gave up on trying to get my brain to see him as something I find more sexually appealing than a Care Bear.
Apparently he finds what he’s looking for—or whom—because he stops scanning the crowd and swallows hard. “You’ll only get hurt.”
I follow his gaze to see Sam sitting at a table with his family. “A little pain is okay, as long as it’s consensual.”
Connor gives me a look. “I’ve got this under control, okay? Cancel any of your plans to help me out by letting Sam under that skirt.” His gaze skims over me and he grins. “Looking hot tonight, by the way.”
I smack his arm. “You’re with Della now and not allowed to say those things to me.”
He winces and rubs his arm. “Even if it’s true?”
I roll my eyes. “Have you met Della?”
“Good point,” he mutters. “Stay away from Sam.”
“What are you, his keeper?”
“He needs one, but no. Della admitted she asked you to help.” He dips his head and locks eyes with me. “I’m telling you now that I don’t want you to.”
“Are you jealous, Con?” I singsong. My smile falls away when something flashes in his eyes. “No. You’re with Della now.” 
He looks away, guilt all over the hard angles of his face. “I know. And this isn’t about jealousy. It’s about me trying to take care of a friend. Della shouldn’t have pulled you into this, but that’s my fault for telling her anything to begin with.”
“Well, I’m already in it, so you might as well tell me what’s going on.”
His jaw hardens.
“Okay,” I say. “I’ll just tell Sam you’re poking around and see if he knows why.”
Connor whips his head around. “Don’t.”
“Then tell me.”
“I’m going to kill Della,” he grumbles.
I take a long swallow of my wine, waiting.
“Last week, he withdrew a large sum of money from his account, and his father’s concerned Sam might be involved with something bad.”
“Like what?”
Connor shrugs. “Gambling? Hookers? Hell, this is Sam we’re talking about. It could be anything.”
I swallow the rest of my wine and settle the glass on the bar.
Sam’s at his table by the dance floor, nodding as his father tells him something. I think Connor’s right to be worried. There’s something different about Sam tonight. He’s distant. Distracted. Again, he seems . . . heartbroken.
Could it be that Sam—a notorious player—has allowed someone close enough to his heart to break it? Or is my loneliness making me see things that aren’t there?
That doesn’t explain the money, though.
“So we have a deal?” Connor asks. “You’ll forget that Della told you anything?” 
“Sure.” I nod to the bartender, who refills my glass. God bless him and enablers everywhere.
Connor’s shoulders sag. “Good. I know it’s none of my business who you sleep with, but you can do better than a player like Sam.”
“I didn’t say anything about not sleeping with him.” I take another swallow of liquid courage as Connor grimaces. “Oh, stop acting like I’m some vestal virgin who needs protecting.”
“Connor!” Della calls. “There you are! Come dance with me!”
I shoo him away. “Go have fun.”
I wait until Sam’s family has evacuated their table, then make my way over to him. He’s sitting back in his seat, legs spread wide, rolling a bottle of beer between his hands as he watches the drunken wedding guests go “to the left” then “to the right.” My own table cleared out earlier, but I said I wanted to stay and dance a little. In truth, I just wanted Sam.
I turn my chair to face the dance floor, like his, and sit. He looks over at me, and his gaze snags on my crossed legs—at the spot where the hem of my skirt meets my bare thighs. 
Sam’s always been a good-looking guy, but tonight, in his suit and tie, his face smooth, his eyes smoky, there’s something about him that makes my mouth water. Or maybe it’s that my lady parts are on high alert since our texts yesterday.
“Hey,” he says, then turns his gaze back to the dance floor. His eyes might be there, but his mind isn’t. He’s somewhere else tonight. How sexy is a man with a broken heart?
Is there a ladylike way to say, “Hey, you seem a little down. Want me to ride you until you can’t remember her name?”
I’ve known Sam since we were kids. He’s a few years older than me and he moved away while he completed his undergrad. When I was in high school, I crashed one of his parties and tried to find my way into his bed. He was a junior at Notre Dame with a reputation for being a player. I was a senior in high school, dumb enough to admit I was still in possession of my V-card.
But even bad boys have a code of honor, and that night, Sam followed the code to the letter.
“Wanna talk about it?” I ask.
He swings his gaze around to meet mine, and the intensity of the feeling in his eyes almost pushes me away. That’s what it’s supposed to do—shut people out, make them back off. This isn’t the happy-go-lucky Sam I’ve always known.
“About what?” he asks, the dare in his eyes.
“The girl who broke your heart.”
He lifts a brow. “Is that what the gossip mill is saying? That my heart is broken?”
No. That’s what every inch of your face is saying. “That’s the rumor,” I lie. There’s no rumor, only my suspicion.
He releases a noncommittal huff then really looks me in the eye for the first time all night. “Do you think I’m the kind of guy who gets his heart broken, Rowdy?”
“Liz,” I correct him, surprising myself. I’ve never minded the nickname he gave me when I was fifteen. And I’ve never minded Lizzy, either. But tonight, I want Sam to call me something else. Something more mature. “And there’s nothing wrong with getting your heart broken. It just means you’re human.”
Something flashes in his eyes—hurt or defiance, or maybe both.
“Do you want to dance, Liz?” He emphasizes my name, and I like how it sounds on his lips—slow and sensual, like a lazy morning spent naked in bed. 
I follow him to the dance floor, completely aware that he hasn’t taken my hand or given me so much as a smile. When he pulls my body against his, it doesn’t matter. This is what I’ve been waiting for since last night. Maybe for four years. The feel of his hard chest, his hands on my back, so warm I can feel their heat through the thin fabric of my dress. It’s almost as if his heat is marking me.
“Let me help you forget her.” When he stiffens, I pull back to see his reaction. Surprise only shows in his eyes for a split second before he covers it with a smile. His crooked grin says, I know what you want and I’m going to give it to you. Even knowing he’s using it to hide something, his smile sends a little shimmy through my insides that settles as a thrumming pulse between my legs.
“Hey, Rowdy,” he whispers against my mouth. “You’re not still a virgin, are you?”
I hesitate at the question, then tug at his tie to bring his body closer as we move. “What if I was? Would it be so terrible, being my first? Isn’t there some old-fashioned part of you that would enjoy that, Bradshaw?”
His smile vanishes, and that gives me a small amount of satisfaction, but aside from that, I can hardly make out his expression in the flickering candlelight. “I said I don’t do strings.”
“I’m no innocent.” Not since that weekend I surprised him at Notre Dame. Sam may have turned me down, but I didn’t spend the night alone. “And I never offered strings.”
“Are you sure? Because while I don’t do strings, I do enjoy . . . restraints.” He brushes a thumb over my bottom lip.
My breath catches and my pulse picks up speed. “If you’re trying to scare me off with talk of bondage, it’s not going to work. I’m not a little girl anymore, Sam.”
His gaze dips to my cleavage and rests there for a moment. “I can see that.”
“And I can take anything you can dish out.”
“Have you ever sucked dick with your hands tied behind your back? Ever been on your knees and let a man guide your mouth just where he wants it?”
My pulse triples at his words, and my girlie bits go wild. They’re pathetic, really, but who can blame them? They’ve waited four years for this, and I’ve made them suffer through some seriously subpar male attention in the meantime. “You talk a big game.” I tuck my hips to rub against him. My sober, intellectual self would be offended by the idea of Sam seducing me with talk of a blowjob. But I’m not sober, and if he’s trying to turn me on, it’s working.
“It’s not just talk,” he says, his voice low, promise in his eyes.
Yes, even bad boys have a code of honor, and tonight I plan to find a loophole in that code. 

* * *
Sam

Liz leans her head on my shoulder, and the smell of her shampoo fills my nose—something flowery and feminine. Damn, she smells good. And she feels good in my arms.
I didn’t want to come to the wedding tonight, and I was attempting to bail out when Dad gave me that look. That “You will not disappoint me or this family” look. I barely know the bride, but her parents are friends with my parents, and, being a Bradshaw, I’m expected to keep up appearances at all costs. Smile when you’re supposed to smile, show up when you’re supposed to show up and, above all, don’t fuck up.
If my father only knew . . . 
On the other side of the dance floor, my dad catches my eye and nods toward Sabrina, who’s talking to my mom. Dad’s told me more than once that I need to dance with her tonight. “Shit,” I mutter.
“What?” Liz asks, following my gaze to the redhead across the room. “Who’s she? She looks familiar.”
“Her name’s Sabrina.”
“Fancy,” Liz says. “Let me guess, she’s not the kind of girl who has a nickname like Rowdy?” 
Not at all. “She’s a friend of the family, and the governor’s daughter.”
She draws in her breath. “That’s why she looks familiar. Wow. They could be sisters. She looks so much like her mom.”
“Dad would like me to woo and wed her to make sure he gets Governor Guy’s endorsement when he runs for the position.”
“Your dad wants to be governor?”
“He’s been laying the groundwork for years. He’ll run at the end of Guy’s second term.”
“So you should probably go dance with her,” she says. 
I let my hand drift to her ass, and when I squeeze, her big blue eyes get bigger. “Probably,” I admit. “But I’d rather dance with you.” 
Ever since Asia surprised me at my house on Thursday night and dropped the bomb of all bombs, it’s been as if the world was trying to eat me alive. Right here, though, with Liz in my arms and her sweet perfume filling my head, I feel . . . safe. Bigger. Like I can face my demons and come out stronger. Maybe it’s because she’s petite or because she’s always been my little sister’s friend, but the way Liz looks at me makes me feel like a fucking gladiator.
“Don’t worry about it.” She shrugs. “I understand family stuff. Truly.”
I join my hands at the small of her back and pull her closer. “I’m not done with you.”
Sighing, she leans her head against my chest. “Best news I’ve heard all night.”
“You’ll be around when I’m done humoring my father and his dreams of arranged marriages?”
As she laughs, her teeth sink into her lower lip. She traces invisible patterns on my dress shirt, in no hurry to leave my arms, thank Christ. 
“I used to work here when I was in high school,” she says out of nowhere. “I helped serve at wedding receptions and Christmas parties.”
“I bet you rocked the uniform.”
She grins. “You know it. Nothing as sexy as a girl in a bow tie.”
“You could pull it off. In fact, I’m picturing you in a bow tie right now.”
She pulls back to look at me. “Odd fantasy.”
“I didn’t say you were wearing anything else.”
She lowers her voice a fraction. “There’s a small conference room outside of the ballroom and to the right. Meet me there after your dance.”
Then she steps out of my arms and walks away, and I’m left watching the way her ass swings in her skirt and wondering just what she plans to do in that conference room.
Liz is sweet. I’ve had to remind myself of that fact since she was fifteen and staying over with Della. I’d come home long after everyone else went to sleep and find her lounging in the family room in a sleep shirt with no bra underneath. I’d find her watching me when she didn’t think I noticed. A couple of years later, I was at Notre Dame, and she showed up at a house party looking for trouble. She got drunk and threw herself at me, and I turned her away. Because she was seventeen and I was twenty. Because she was drunk and I was sober. Because she was a virgin and I had experiences most grown men only get to dream about.
Now the rules have changed. She’s not seventeen anymore. And she’s waiting for me in the conference room.
My imagination doesn’t get far before my father is standing in front of me with the governor’s daughter, his politician face firmly in place.
“Samuel, you remember Sabrina.”
“Of course.” Offering my hand, I go through the motions of the introduction and even dance with her, but my mind is on Liz, and I’m counting down the seconds until I can sneak out of here to meet her.

Chapter Three

Liz
Four Years Before . . .

There’s a party of epic proportions rumbling in Sam Bradshaw’s basement. 
The room is packed—everyone dancing and talking at once. Everyone drunk. There’s a long wooden bar along the far wall where three girls in short shorts and heels are standing, dirty-dancing and grinding on each other. I’m so out of my depth.
I told my mom I was visiting a prospective college and drove to Notre Dame to see him at the house he rents with friends. This isn’t what I expected. I should’ve dragged Hanna or Maggie along. But I left them at home because I didn’t want them to stop me from what I’d planned—namely, seducing Sam and losing my virginity. 
I’ve been searching for Sam in the crowd for half an hour, and with every minute that I don’t find him, the excitement that fueled my drive north leaks out of me. What if he’s back in New Hope for the weekend? Hell, what if he has a girlfriend? 
I drain the rest of my drink—my third since I arrived, and whoever’s mixing them is making them strong.
“Hey, beautiful. Come dance.”
The request comes from a tall, dark-haired guy. Not over-the-top gorgeous but okay. Attractive on most scales, though only average to a girl who grew up with the Samuel Bradshaws of the world.
As I nod, the room does a little spin and shifts off-kilter, like an awkward toddler ballerina. Something in my mind warns me to slow down, but I ignore it and head to the dance floor with Mr. Tall, Dark, and Average.
The back corner of the basement is cast in shadows and the booming music makes my ears ache, but alcohol buzzes through my blood and dancing feels good. 
I relax into my movements, lose myself in the bass and the crowd. Time falls away as I lose more and more of my inhibitions with the help of the alcohol.
The guy works his hands up my shirt, and I don’t even care. Maybe I should. But I came here looking for Sam, and I’m disappointed. I want to prove I’m mature enough to come to a party like this and have a good time, so I let the guy touch my stomach, let him slide his fingers farther north.
Just as his hand closes over my breast, he’s yanked off me. “What the fuck do you think you’re doing?”
Sam.
As if someone jumped on the accelerator to my heart, my pulse speeds into high gear. I bite back a smile at the aggravation in his voice, stupidly happy he’s jealous.
Too late, I realize his angry words aren’t intended for the guy feeling me up. They’re intended for me. 
“Is she yours?” my dancing partner asks.
I scowl. “Are you kidding me? I don’t belong to anyone.”
“She’s not mine,” Sam says. “She’s seventeen.”
The guy’s eyes go wide and he throws up his hands and backs away, muttering something about jailbait. 
Sam made me a pariah at this party. Fantastic.
I spin on Sam. “What was that?”
He arches a brow. “You smell like a liquor bottle. How much have you had to drink?”
“I didn’t come here looking for a new daddy, so stop trying to protect me.”
“Someone needs to,” he mutters. “What do you think you’re doing here?”
I push past him. The crowd swallows me as I work my way to the other side of the basement, straight to the bar. The girls have vacated the smooth wooden surface, and now it’s as if waiting for me. 
“Want some help up?” A blond guy grins at me, as if seeing me dance on the bar would make his night. 
“Yes, please.” I give him my hand and flash a look over my shoulder to make sure Sam isn’t here to boss me around and tell everyone I’m a child.
The second I climb on the bar, I’m hyperaware of my short skirt. Guys gather beneath me, no doubt to a great view of my purple silk panties, but I make the best of it and dance to the music, running my hands over my stomach and hips as I find the beat.
There are catcalls, and part of me likes it—the attention, feeling important, even if it was for something as trivial as my body. When you feel stupid all the time, it’s nice to be appreciated for something. Anything. It doesn’t take long for another girl to climb up to join me. We dance together, much to the delight of the guys watching.
“Body shots!” one of the guys in the crowd calls. Then others join in to an increasingly insistent chant of, “Bo-dy shots! Bo-dy shots!”
The next thing I know, the girl shoves a shot glass in her cleavage. “Be gentle,” she croons so the guys in the crowd can hear.
I know what they want—what they expect—and before I can think too much, I duck my head and wrap my lips around the glass. The guys howl their approval, and I come up with it slowly, shooting it back without the help of my hands.
“My turn!” the girl says, lifting another shot in the air. She turns to the crowd. “Where should she put it?”
“Between her legs!” someone answers. A chair is hoisted next to me on the bar. It doesn’t quite fit, and I have to balance it on three legs as I position the shot between my thighs.
As quickly as I wonder what I’ve gotten myself into, I remember Sam saying someone needs to watch out for me, and I pull my skirt a little higher.
My partner in crime giggles as she lowers onto her knees. “I’m not really into girls,” she whispers, “but you are pretty hot.”
Then she licks my inner thigh, and it shocks me so much that I lose my balance. Both the chair and I fall off the bar and into the crowd. Someone catches me, but I hit several people and drinks on my way down. It seems like there’s beer everywhere, including streaming down my shirt and covering my legs. Gasping at the cold, I pull the wet fabric of my shirt off my skin.
“Shit,” someone says. “Are you hurt?”
Turning toward the voice, I find myself looking into the face of Sam Bradshaw, his eyes on my soaking wet shirt. “I’m okay.”
“You’re covered in beer.” His gaze roams over me one more time before he lifts it to my face. “You really are rowdy, you know that?”
Even though I’m covered in goose bumps, his closeness makes me feel warm. I probably smell worse than I look, but I have Sam’s attention. Finally.
He grabs my hand and pulls me away from the guy who caught me. “Come on, Rowdy. Let’s get you out of here.” His smile’s so gentle, so comforting, I want to curl into it. Then he walks away and I have to think really hard to remember that I’m supposed to be following him.
I let him lead the way up the stairs, my eyes on his back the whole time. 
He opens a door on the landing and nods inside. “In here.”
My drunken heart skitters and stumbles at the sound of his voice and the idea of following him into his room. I follow him inside and close the door. 
Sam took me to his bedroom.
My stomach’s a mess of nerves—fear, anxiety, and excitement, all wrapped in my crush on him. I pull off my beer-soaked shirt and drop it to the floor as Sam looks in his closet.
My head spins, and some of the happiness that comes from drinking too fast begins to fade, replaced with a faint sense of shame. I was trying to loosen up, to fit in, to find the courage to approach him, and I became another reckless drunk girl. 
When he turns back to me, T-shirt in hand, my face is hot with shame. His eyes widen for a moment as he takes me in, then he averts his gaze. “Put this on,” he says, offering the T-shirt.
“Sam,” I whisper. I step forward, lift onto my toes, and press my mouth against his. 
He freezes for a minute, then slowly—so flipping slowly—he brings his hands to my hair and kisses me back. This isn’t how I imagined it would happen. He doesn’t deepen the kiss or draw my body against his. He doesn’t push me back on the bed and climb on top of me. He just kisses me back. Softly. Briefly. Then he pulls away and traces my jaw with his thumb. “What was that for?” His voice is low. Husky. 
“The usual reasons a girl kisses a boy.” 
I want him to talk again. Want to have that voice against my ear. I want to feel the heat of his chest against my body and have his hands all over me.
My eyes are so heavy with intoxication and exhaustion, I let them close. I feel the shirt slide over my head. I don’t want him to be dressing me, but the shirt’s soft and warm and smells like Sam, so I push my arms through the sleeves.
When I open my eyes, he’s pulling down the covers on his neatly made bed. 
“Climb in,” he says. I obey, too tired to question him, and he draws the blankets over me. I don’t want to sleep, but the next thing I know, he’s waking me up. “Drink this and swallow these.” He hands me a couple of pills and a glass of water.
“What is it?”
He shakes his head. “Now you’re going to start showing some sense? Ibuprofen. I’m trying to save you from a killer hangover—no promises, but this should at least keep it manageable.”
“Thanks,” I mumble. 
Brushing the hair off my face, he presses the softest, sweetest kiss to my forehead. And as I close my eyes and surrender to sleep, I feel the distinct sensation of falling.
When I open my eyes again, it’s dark, save for a thick swath of streetlight cutting across the room from the gap in the curtains. Sam’s asleep in a chair by the door, hands folded in his lap, half his face in the light, half in darkness. 
I blink at the clock. Four a.m. 
“Sam,” I whisper. Something flutters in my belly at the thought of him sleeping there all night, protecting me while I was too drunk to protect myself. I climb out of bed and walk across the room. “Sam?”
His eyes open and he straightens. “Are you okay?”
I nod. “I’m fine. You don’t have to sleep in the chair.”
“Don’t worry about it.”
“I’d rather you sleep with me.” In an attempt to be bold and sultry, I straddle his lap and press a kiss to his neck. “I really like you.”
He winces. Cue the mortification. He isn’t just being a gentleman. He doesn’t want to share his bed with me. 
“I thought . . .” I bite my bottom lip. “I thought you liked me too.” Stupid alcohol. 
“I do like you, Liz.” He gives me a careful smile—the kind you give a child before you break the news that Santa isn’t real. “But you’re my friend.”
“What better way to lose my virginity?” Oh my God, why am I still talking?
His breath draws in with a hiss, then he shakes his head. “You’re my friend,” he repeats, ticking the reasons off on his fingers. “You’re drunk.”
“Not anymore,” I promise. 
“And you’re a virgin.”
* * *
Liz
Present Day . . .

The memory fills me with old mortification. There’s a reason I haven’t pursued Sam in the last four years. I don’t want to be the desperate girl who threw herself at him. I don’t want to remember how his rejection made me feel.
Sneaking into this room seemed like a great idea when I was on the dance floor with him, his hard body pressed into mine, but alone in the quiet conference room, I’m pretty sure this could be the most reckless thing I’ve ever done.
What if someone catches us in here? Hell, what if he doesn’t come? What if he does? I’ve thrown myself at Sam before, and it didn’t end well. He has no idea how hard I took his rejection, or the decisions I made after I left his room that night.
I should leave. I should . . .
The door clicks and then Sam steps inside, his eyes raking over me. 
“Hey,” I whisper. “You came.”
He closes the door behind himself, turns the lock, then stalks toward me.
Thank you! the girlie bits shout. Stupid brain upstairs was about to ruin everything! 
“Are you sure you want to do this?” His voice is a low rumble that I swear I can feel right between my legs. 
Hell yes, I want to do this. 
But I also don’t. Because Sam’s no longer some unrequited crush. He’s a friend. And if this goes to hell, it’ll make my life exponentially more awkward.
“We need rules,” I say quickly. 
He takes another step closer. And another. Until I’m looking at his chest, smelling his aftershave. He tilts my chin up with his index finger then traces my lips with his thumb. “Hold that thought?”
I nod, nearly breathless at nothing but the touch of his thumb skimming my lips.
“I need to do this first.” He cups my jaw in his big hand and brushes his lips over mine. My lips part in surprise at the gesture that’s almost . . . sweet. He deepens the kiss, slanting his mouth over mine and sliding his tongue inside.
He tastes like beer, and I want to get drunk on this kiss—to overindulge until I can’t see straight, to imbibe until sobriety is a distant memory.
This is how kisses should be. I love the way his hand slides into my hair as he samples my lips, love how his kiss manages to be simultaneously gentle and demanding. It’s the kind of kiss that makes your toes curl, the kind worth remembering in five years when you’re lonely and bored and wondering if kissing had ever been so sweet.
When he pulls back, his eyes are hooded, darker. Sexy as sin. “Now, what were you saying?”
I have no idea. “Ru . . . rules?” I manage.
“Ah, yes. Well, I’ve never done well with rules, but tell me yours and I’ll see what I can do.”
I take a breath and try to figure out a rule that isn’t just Kiss me like that every time, or Please don’t make me fall for you.
“You keep looking at me like that,” he warns, “and I’m going to kiss you again, and we may never get to discuss these rules of yours.”
Right. “We can’t tell anyone,” I say. Cally and my sisters will try to make more of this than the one-night stand I know it to be.
His expression shifts and becomes unreadable. “Okay. What else?”
“This doesn’t change anything between us. We’re friends.” Something in my chest objects to that rule. It feels like a betrayal. But I want to say it before he does. I have to.
“Sex changes everything, Liz. That’s half the fun.”
“It doesn’t have to. I want us to still be friends after tonight.”
“Oh, we can be friends.” His breath ruffles my hair as he skims his fingertips down my bare arms, sending delicious shivers through my body that land low in my belly and turn my insides to goo. “But it’ll be different.”
“How so?” 
“We won’t be able to look at each other without remembering what it was like. And if I have my way—” He dips his head to my ear and tugs the lobe between his teeth. A shudder rocks through me. “—every time you look at me, your panties will go damp as you remember what I did to you.”
 “Oh.” I can’t begin to form a more intelligent response, not while his lips are running along the side of my neck. His hands move to my hips and his fingers massage delicious circles there.
“And I have my own rules.”
I blink up at him. His honey eyes have gone dark and intense. “What are they?”
“No expectations beyond tonight. If you give me tonight, I’m going to touch you and taste you and fuck you until your legs shake.”
I swallow. Because dear God, I want that. 
“And then I’m going to walk away.”
“Understood. What else?”
“You tell me to stop if it’s too much for you or if you don’t feel completely safe. We can always slow down or stop.”
My lips part as questions fill my mind. Namely, what on earth does he plan to do with me that might make me feel unsafe or make me want to stop? But instead of asking, I say, “I trust you.”
He takes a fistful of my dress and tugs it up to my waist, then he lifts me onto the conference table and steps between my legs. “We don’t have much time,” he whispers. “They’re going to be looking for us. But I can’t go back out there until I feel you.”
Then his hand is between my legs and he’s rubbing my clit through my panties. From our talk alone, I’m already wet and swollen, and my back arches at his touch. My hips lift off the table, pushing into his hand. 
“I love that you’re already wet for me.” He tugs my hips to the edge of the table, and I have to balance by propping myself up on my hands behind me. He steps back to peel off my panties. Then he spreads my legs and looks at me.
For a second, I feel ridiculous and want to cover myself. I must look absurd, sitting on this table with my dress bunched around my waist, the most private part of me bare, exposed to him. 
Then I look at him and I stop worrying. I stop thinking. His eyes are locked on that intimate flesh between my legs, his nostrils flaring as his breathing goes shallow.
I know that men like to look, and that’s not what surprises me about this moment. What surprises me is the intensity in his gaze. What surprises me is that watching him look at me could turn me on so much. That watching him look at me could intensify this ache, make the need I feel so powerful it could swallow me.
Staying where he is, he softly pinches my clit with two fingers, and I close my eyes and bite back a moan. I want him closer. I want the weight of his body on top of mine. 
“Open your eyes,” he commands. When I obey, he says, “Look at how beautiful you are.”

Chapter Four

Sam

She likes it when I tell her what to do. 
Her eyes follow my hand, and she watches as I circle her clit then slide one finger inside her.
She gasps at the contact, and hell, so do I. I don’t intend to do more than tease her in this room—not with my family on the other side of those doors. But she’s so fucking tight all I want to do is drop my pants and drive into her, hold her hips and fuck her right here on this table. She’d let me. Beg me, even. I see it in her eyes.
When you spend four years wanting something, you don’t rush in. I’m going to take my time with her tonight, and this—right here and now in this room—this is just the warmup. 
Her breasts thrust forward as she arches her back. I keep my hand between her legs and step closer. With my free hand, I tug down her dress and expose one lace-covered breast. 
“You’re beautiful. I can’t wait to undress you, to see all of you.” I suck at her nipple through the lace, and her pussy clenches tight around my fingers.
I love a woman with sensitive breasts. I pull back and tease her with my tongue, circling her nipple before drawing it into my mouth again, all the while pumping my fingers in and out of her. 
She squeezes me. Tighter and tighter, and I know she’s close to coming. I need her to come before I go back out there. Once she left my arms on the dance floor, I felt like I was drowning again, looking at my father and knowing what he’d say if he knew how badly I’ve fucked up. 
She moans, and the sound washes away some of the chaos in my mind. I need more.
“So fucking beautiful.” My lips brush her ear as I speak. I want to taste her there. Everywhere. “I’ve always liked to look at you. Always loved the way you’re comfortable in your own skin, the way you own a room the minute you walk into it. But you’re even more beautiful when you’re about to come.”
I circle her clit with my thumb. Someone knocks on the door.
She startles in my arms, but I hold her still.
“Stay with me.” She’s so close, and I want to feel her come on my hand, around my fingers. 
“Samuel?” My father’s voice. “Did I see you go in there?”
“Come for me,” I say into her ear as he knocks again. 
Then I kiss her hard, swallowing her moans as her body contracts and she squeezes around my fingers.
* * *

Liz

Sam ignores his father’s voice and cups me for a few more breaths, allowing me to come down from my orgasm before he pulls away.
“Didn’t you say you saw him go in here?” his father asks someone. 
Sam puts his finger to his lips, telling me I should be quiet. The door clicks at the lock as someone turns the knob. 
“Call him,” another female says. I recognize the voice as belonging to Della. Despite our jokes at the bar last night, I don’t think she’d be thrilled to find me indecent with her brother. “Here. I’ll do it.”
Sam grabs his phone from his pocket just as it starts to ring. He silences it, but not before they hear the distinct ring tone.
This would be hilarious if it weren’t mortifying.
His father clears his throat. “Come on, Della. He’s clearly . . . busy.”
Della snorts. “God, leave it to Sam.”
We listen to the sounds coming from the other side of the door. After a minute or two passes, we both relax and Sam chuckles.
Standing, I smooth my dress down then smack his shoulder. “I can’t believe we almost got caught.”
Sam grins and grabs me by the hips, pulling my body against his so I can feel the evidence of his erection. “I think you liked it.”
“Liked what?”
That cocky grin again. That I know what gets you off better than you do grin. Hell, he might. “You liked almost getting caught,” he says.
“I didn’t!”
“Nothing shameful there, Rowdy. There’s nothing wrong with a harmless exhibitionist fantasy or two.”
I roll my eyes and scan the floor. “Where’s my underwear?”
Sam shrugs and points over his shoulder as he backs toward the door. “I’d better get back out there.”
“Give me my underwear back,” I grind out between my teeth.
He smirks. “Not a chance.” The lock clicks as he releases it, and then he’s gone, leaving me alone, red-faced, panty-less, and holy shit, so not done with him.
I’m not going to play his game. Hell, I’m not sure what kind of game has a girl going to a wedding reception without panties. 
Sam Bradshaw’s kind of game, the slutty angel on my shoulder purrs. But I only go commando in public on my own terms, not because some cocky bastard steals my panties.
Okay, and maybe I’m too embarrassed to go back out there. Maybe I don’t want his dad to look at me and know I was the one holed up in the conference room with his son.
I sneak out a few minutes after Sam and make a beeline for the exit. 
I’ve just reached the door when Connor calls my name from behind me. “Wait up a minute.”
So close. 
“I don’t want a lecture,” I warn him.
“Tell me you’re not driving and I’ll have no reason to lecture you.”
Turning, I see that he has no clue I was with Sam. I shake my head. I drove here, but I’m still too buzzed to drive home. I’ll leave my car in the lot and walk the half-dozen blocks to the house I rent with my twin sister. “I’m walking. I live close,” I say.
Connor shoves his hands in his pockets and nods. “Just making sure. Do you want me to walk you?”
“I’m okay, but thanks.” Something tugs in my chest—that old regret that I couldn’t want a nice guy like Connor. That night Sam turned me down at Notre Dame, it was Connor who found me sitting on the porch. He’d been cleaning up from the party and shooing the stragglers out the door. He was that guy. The one who made sure everyone had a ride home, the one who got the worst of the mess cleaned up so the house didn’t smell like the bottom of a beer keg come morning.
We talked on that porch under the moonlight for a long time before he even acknowledged that I’d been crying when he found me. As I walk home through the crisp autumn air, the memory consumes my thoughts. 
* * *
Four Years Before . . .

“So, who’s the asshole who broke your heart?” Connor asks me. 
“The asshole is trying to be a nice guy,” I say. We’ve been sitting on the back deck of the house for half an hour, making casual chitchat about nothing. Me, trying to shake the sick weight of rejection, Connor pretending I hadn’t been crying when he found me. “I’m just a stupid girl who thought being with me might be more appealing than being a good guy.” 
“I see. So, he has a girlfriend?”
I shake my head. “I’m friends with his little sister. And since he sees her as a little girl . . .”
He drew in a sharp breath. “Ouch.”
I’m covered in goose bumps, but I’m grateful for his company. Before Connor found me out here, I was feeling sorry for myself, wishing I were one of my sisters—anyone but myself. All my life, I’ve been the fun one, the wild one. The stupid one. No one takes me seriously. I wanted Sam to be the exception. “I think my age is just an excuse,” I say. “A good one, I guess, but even good excuses are just excuses.”
“You’re gorgeous, Liz. If this guy doesn’t see that, he’s blind. Hell, the thirty minutes sitting here with you have been the best of my day.”
“Thanks,” I whisper. But looks have never been my problem. My insecurities are about what’s on the inside.
Connor and I talk more. Laugh a little. He’s good at making me laugh, and I like that he doesn’t seem to take himself too seriously. 
“Tell me what would fix this night for you,” he says.
I look up to Sam’s window. The light’s on and I see him standing there, looking down on us. When I turn back to Connor, I say, “Kiss me?” I know it’s wrong to ask for this just to make Sam jealous, but I can’t help it. I’m hurt and embarrassed, and I want Sam to see that I’m worth wanting.
Connor smiles slowly and releases an exaggerated sigh. “If I have to.” He winks, then slips one of those big hands around my neck and slowly lowers his mouth to mine.
The kiss isn’t long or especially heated, but it’s nice. When he pulls away, he leans forward, settling his elbows back on his knees. “If you ever want me to kiss you when he isn’t watching, give me a call.”
Guilt stabs my gut. “I’m sorry.”
He shrugs. “Tonight, I got to kiss the most beautiful girl at the party. Don’t apologize. Whatever your reasons, it was still the highlight of my day.”
The back door squeaks open and thumps closed again. “Come inside, Liz. It’s late. Nothing good happens at this hour.” Sam shifts his gaze to Connor as if to support his point.
“I’m good. Connor and I are just going to hang out for a while.”
“She’s seventeen,” Sam tells Connor, a warning in his voice.
Connor nods. “Noted.”
The door rattles as it slams behind Sam, and I look at my hands, embarrassed.
“Seventeen?” Connor says. 
“Afraid so. Not for long, though.”
Then he kisses me again. His lips warm my cold skin, but the heat doesn’t spread any further. He isn’t Sam and he doesn’t light me on fire, but it’s a nice kiss.
When he pulls back, I frown at him. 
“What’s that look for?” he asks.
“I guess I thought you’d run the other way when you found out how young I am.”
He smiles. “Being with you is way more appealing than being the good guy.”

Chapter Five

Liz

Knocking. Someone’s knocking at my front door. Thank you, sweet baby Jesus.
I texted Sam as soon as I got home. One sentence. Seven words. An invitation.

I have the house to myself tonight.

I’ve sat here for nearly half an hour, waiting, staring at my too-silent phone and wondering if I’d be better off drawing myself a bath and sinking into it with a dirty book and a large glass of wine.
Grinning, I peek through the peephole and see Sam on the stoop. The top buttons of his dress shirt are undone and his tie is loose around his neck. In one hand, he’s holding a bottle of wine.
As casually as I can, I open the door to greet him, but deep down inside, I’m like an ill-trained dog that wants to jump on him, lick his face, and hump his leg.
“Hey,” I say softly, leaning against the doorjamb.
His gaze skims over me, and my nerve endings fire to life in the wake of his appraisal. “You left.”
“You stole my underwear.”
His lips quirk into a grin. “Yes, I suppose I did.”
“Listen, there’s no shame in wearing women’s panties. Gender identity is really fluid these days, and if you prefer lace to cotton under your trousers, who am I to judge?”
He cocks a brow, apparently unfazed by my attempts to emasculate him. “Are you going to invite me in, Rowdy?”
Stepping back, I swallow and motion inside the house. “Come on in.” He offers the bottle of wine, and I take it. “Thanks. I’ll go get a couple of glasses.”
“Just”—I’m two steps toward the kitchen when he grabs my wrist and spins me around—“stop for a minute.”
“Wha—”
His mouth crushes against mine. With one hand, he grabs me by the waist and pulls me closer, while the other wraps around the side of my neck. The hand at my neck makes me feel so small—fragile, as if I’m something he wants to protect. The hand at my waist makes me feel powerful—as if I’m something he wants to possess.
And PC or not, I want to be possessed by Samuel Bradshaw. I want to taste his kind of pleasure, to be bound and at his mercy. It’s not just what he’s told me. I’ve heard the rumors, the whispers. I don’t know that I’ve ever craved something like that before, and with any other man, I probably wouldn’t. 
When he breaks the kiss, our breathing is unsteady, louder, as if the air in the room grew heavier while our mouths touched and now it’s harder to breathe.
“I’ll go pour the wine,” I say. I turn toward the kitchen before I can lose myself in his eyes. His steps sound behind me, but I focus on finding two wine glasses and the corkscrew, and try to think of a safe subject. It’s not like I’ve never had a booty call before, but this is awkward. Because it’s Sam? Or because I need to prove to myself that I can have the one thing I’ve denied wanting for four years? 
“Did you end up dancing with the governor’s daughter?” I ask.
“I did.”
“What do you think?” I pour the wine, watching the deep red liquid fill the glass. “Wife material? Think you’ll let her have your babies?” When I allow myself to turn, I nearly drop the glasses. He’s removed his tie and is wrapping it around his fist. Why didn’t I realize what nice hands he has? They’re big and strong, and . . . capable. 
Something flickers in his eyes and is gone again in a breath before his gaze darkens. “I’m not interested in marrying anyone. My father will come to terms with that.” Again, I think, Heartbroken, Sam is heartbroken, but as far as I know he wasn’t even seeing anyone, and I’m not sure where I’m getting that idea. Maybe it’s wishful thinking. Maybe I just want him to be the kind of guy who gives his heart to be broken. Maybe I want to be the one to put it back together again.
* * *

Sam

“Think you’ll let her have your babies?” Tonight, her innocent question is salt in a fresh wound. I’m not the kind of man women see as the father of their children. 
Shit. A few days ago, my biggest problem was trying to figure out how I was going to tell my parents—my conservative, model-citizen, bank-owning parents, with political aspirations—that I fucked up, and that my life was now inextricably tied to a woman I wasn’t even sure I liked.
I was scared out of my mind, but I pulled her into my arms—this woman I hardly know and might not even like—and stroked her hair and promised it would be okay. I’d take care of her. I’d make this right. I held her and turned my problem over and over in my head like a puzzle that needed solving. As soon as she told me, I acted. I got her out of her shitty apartment and into a nice little condo, and gave her a nest egg to hold her over until she could find a new job. But I still hadn’t figured out how to tell my parents that this soon-to-be-ex-stripper was the one I’d be bringing home for family dinners.
Two days ago, she took that problem right out of my hands when she showed up at my place and told me it was over. She said it was for the best. And when I asked her to reconsider, she called me a selfish bastard. And maybe I am. Because I’d do anything to get her to change her mind.
“Hey.” Liz snaps me back to the present. She’s still holding a glass of wine in her hand as she lifts it, brushing her knuckles across my cheek. “Tell me what’s wrong.”
I wrap my fingers around her wine glass and, without taking it from her hand, bring it to my lips. My breathing slows. Something releases inside me at the feel of her fingers under mine, and the softness in her eyes. The taste of the wine slows my racing heart.
After three long swallows, I take the glass from her hand and put it on the counter. “I need you naked and wet.”

* * *

Liz

Naked and wet. Yes, please.
God, I love the way his eyes continually rake over me, as if he’s trying to make sure I haven’t gone anywhere and at the same time he wants to take me all in, memorize me. 
“Shower with me?” he asks.
I blink and nod to the hallway. 
After a few steps in that direction, he turns back to me. “You coming?”
To the shower. My stomach somersaults with nerves and anticipation. This is really going to happen. 
I follow him, conscious of the ache between my legs with every step. Maybe I should stop this before it goes any further. He’s made it clear how he feels about romance, about forever, and I can tell he’s only here to distract himself from something else—probably from someone else. 
But I can’t focus on that when there’s something more captivating keeping my attention. Namely, the sight of a Sam Bradshaw stripping in the middle of my bathroom. He’s turned on the shower, and the sound of the water hitting the tiles fills my ears as he sheds his dress shirt and tugs his undershirt off over his head.
Lord have mercy, this man’s body is just insane. 
His chest and shoulders are broad and sculpted, his waist narrow. A trail of light brown hair draws a path over his belly before disappearing under the waistband of his pants. I want to follow it with my fingers, then my mouth. I want to see if that muscled torso is as hot as it makes me feel.
When he turns and catches me watching him, he smirks. “Like what you see?”
“You should be shirtless more often. As in, as often as possible.” I shake away my awe. Before tonight, I had only a vague idea of what might be under his clothes. Now that I’m up close and personal with his hard body . . . I want more.
I reach for the button on his pants, and he stops me. 
“Not yet,” he says. Then with a single sweep of his hand down my back, he’s unzipped my dress and it’s falling to the floor, pooling around my feet. My breasts are swollen, their peaks tight with need under the dark lace of my bra. “Jesus, Liz. You take my breath. You always have.”
That makes something flutter in my belly. Something stronger than lust and more dangerous. Something that pushes me closer to this edge I’m clinging to so precariously. I can’t fall. Not for Sam.
I reach back to release my bra, and he grabs my hands and stops me. His eyes flash to mine. “I want to do it. Don’t get used to your hands being free. They won’t be for long.” 
As he steps forward, my hands instinctively go to his chest, desperate to feel him while I can. He releases the clasp then slides his hands under the straps and over each shoulder, letting it fall to the floor. Then he shifts his hands so they’re cupping my ass. He bows his head, his lips hovering just above mine. “How do you want it? Soft? Hard? Slow or fast?”
“Yes,” I whisper. “All of it.”
I feel like a starved woman being served for the first time in months, like I need all I can get from Sam. I’m not inexperienced, but the men I’ve given myself to didn’t make me feel the way he does—the way he’s made me feel since I was a young, awkward teenager trying to impress my friend’s older brother. My fantasies of Sam set the standard, and no man has ever measured up.
Until now.
One of the hands cupping me finds the seam of my ass, following the path down over my most sensitive, private parts until he reaches the wet, hot, aching center of me. I arch my back, urging his circling fingers inside.
“I want to taste you here.” 
“Just fuck me,” I beg. “I want you.”
He groans. “Not yet. First, I want you bound and writhing while I fuck you with my fingers and tongue.”
I drop my hand between our bodies and push his pants and briefs from his hips in one desperate movement. I wrap my fingers around his cock and stroke him. He’s long and hard, thick in a way that might scare me if I weren’t desperate to take everything he has to offer. 
I moan, willing him to make good on his promise, willing him to slide his fingers into me. I’ve never felt so empty. So needing to be filled.
But before I get what I’m looking for, he steps away. “Not so fast, Rowdy.” He grasps my hands at the wrists and wraps them with his tie, binding them securely with expert efficiency. My lips part in surprise and he ducks his head, forcing me to meet his gaze. “Remember the rules. You tell me if it’s too much.”
“I trust you.” But I can’t speak the lie without squeezing my eyes shut. I trust him with my body, but I’m scared for my heart.
Slowly, he turns me toward the mirror and stands behind me, his front to my back. He kisses the side of my neck. Sucks. Works his way down with the same delicious torture that fills my body with heat and need and a want so intense it’s an ache. “Open your eyes, beautiful. I’m going to touch every inch of you, and then I’m going to taste you.” His big hand presses between my shoulder blades, and I follow the unspoken command and lean over from my hips, arching my back. It would be so easy for him to slide into me right now. His cock is practically nestled between my legs. One shift of his hips, and he’ll be where I want him.
I watch our reflection fog up in the mirror as he runs his fingers down my spine. 
“Would you watch?” he asks. “If I fucked you here, in front of the mirror? Would you watch me take you?”
Balancing myself with my bound wrists against the vanity, I arch my back harder and grind into him. “Yes.”
He leans forward and presses an open mouth to the small of my back then sucks hard enough to draw the skin between his teeth. “Soon.”

Chapter Six

Sam

“You look so fucking sexy right now.”
“How so?” Liz is breathless, bent at the waist, ass against my dick, wriggling in a way that’s more instinctive than calculated, but still likely to make me lose my mind. 
“I can’t decide what would be sexier—you like this or on your knees with my dick in your mouth. Do you have any idea how many times I’ve imagined you with your hands bound?” 
Slowly, I run my hands over her skin, down her back, over her hips, over her stomach, and up to her breasts. She understands my unspoken command and stays still as I touch her. Leaning forward, I mold my body against hers and trail kisses across her shoulders as I cup her breasts. 
I want to watch her eyes grow hot in the mirror, but the shower has gone hot and the room is filling with steam. I draw her up and press my mouth to hers. She loops her bound hands over my head and presses her body closer to mine, and I need to take a minute and register that this isn’t just a fantasy. 
Liz is real. So real. And tonight she’s mine. 
I lead her into the shower and take a minute to watch the hot water wash over her skin. Unable to resist, I duck out from under her arms and catch a rivulet with my mouth as it rolls off the tight bud of her nipple. Her breasts are the perfect size. Not very large, but enough to fill my mouth and hands. I draw her nipple between my teeth, and she gasps.
Her hands go to my hair, and I’m tempted to change my plans, to let her keep her hands free, pulling on my hair as she fucks my face. As appealing as that sounds, I remember the look in her eyes when I told her I wanted her bound as I tasted her. Carefully lifting her hands over her head, I hook the tie onto the showerhead.
The position keeps her face just behind the spray, and when she lifts her eyes to mine, there’s so much heat and lust there it nearly stops my heart. 
“I’ve wanted you for a long time. But you were off-limits.” The confession makes me feel oddly vulnerable, but I love the way she reacts. Her lips part and she draws in a surprised little gasp of air.
“I’ve been legal for a long time.”
“But Max claimed you first.”
“Claimed me? I was never his. He didn’t own me.”
I merely arch a brow. “But he wanted you, and the feeling wasn’t one-sided.”
She shakes her head. “I don’t want to talk about Max right now.”
“Good.” I cup her face in my hands and press my mouth to hers. I know she’s here for the wicked and dirty things I whispered in her ear at the wedding, but I want more than that. I kiss her hard, rubbing my tongue against hers as my hands find her hips and squeeze her ass. When we’re both breathless and our hips are rolling of their own volition, I start down her body, kissing and sucking my way from her neck to her breasts. She rocks into my mouth, and I scrape my teeth over her nipple. Her cry echoes in the shower stall, and I move to the plump curve of her breast, sucking her hard into my mouth—marking her.
By the time I get to her navel, I’m on my knees, right where I planned to be. I run soft kisses across her stomach. Lower. Inching closer to her bare, swollen sex. 
I trace my finger down the center of her sex, and the whimper that slips from her lips sends blood rushing to my cock. 
As I graze my teeth over each hipbone, I lift her legs one at a time and position them on my shoulders. She gasps, but I squeeze her ass and hold her close, her pussy nestled against my face. Then, slowly, I taste her. I start with her clit, licking it before sucking the swollen flesh between my lips. She cries out and her ass flexes, her thighs tightening around my head. I suck a little harder, and she rocks toward my face, but then catches herself and stills.
I pull away and look up at her through the water. She’s so fucking beautiful from this position. Arms tied above her head, breasts thrust out, and—sexiest of all—her gaze locked on every move I’m making between her thighs.
“Don’t hold back,” I command. “I want you to ride the pleasure. Fuck my face until it feels so good, I get to taste you as you come.” I punctuate my command with my tongue at her entrance, sliding into her, tasting her, filling her. And she obeys. As I kiss and explore every inch of her, her hips rock. I find the sensitive spot at the top of her inner thigh, and gently nip her flesh. And through every second of it, I hold her tight, squeezing her ass and pressing her closer to my mouth, like her pleasure is salvation and I’m a lost and broken soul.
When she comes, it’s spectacular. She comes with her whole body, all of her muscles clenching and squeezing until everything releases and she’s whimpering in the aftermath, and I feel like a fucking god.
Slowly, I lower her feet to the floor, one at a time, and stand to release her arms. I’m surprised to find my own legs shaking—not from exertion but weak with need. When I untie her wrists, she takes my face in her hands and kisses me as hard as I kissed her earlier. 
“I love that you’re not afraid to taste yourself on me,” I whisper against her lips, the water pouring down my back.
She smiles. “Anyone ever tell you how good you are at that?”
“At what?”
The pink in her cheeks deepens a little. “That.”
I grunt. “I never would have guessed you’d be shy about saying the words.”
She drops her gaze to her body. “I’m feeling a little naked and exposed here, that’s all.”
“Hmm. Well, I hope you’re not counting on changing that anytime soon.”
Something flashes in her eyes, and the only promise I make is in my grin. I turn off the shower and grab the towels to dry us off. 
* * *

Liz

He dries me slowly, and almost everywhere the towel touches, he follows with his mouth. When he reaches my wrists, I’m surprised to have him release them. As hungry as I’ve been to touch him, I’m almost disappointed to be freed. I didn’t want that part of the fantasy to end.
The second I relax my arms, my shoulders scream in protest. I didn’t realize how sore they were from being pinned back until he released them. 
“You okay?” He wraps the towel around me and rubs my shoulders with strong, sure fingers, and the tension releases. His mouth follows his fingers as he trails soft kisses across my shoulders.
“I’m fine.” I force a smile, but it’s hard to act carefree when something inside you is melting. I wasn’t prepared for melting. For falling. I invited him here for hot, dirty sex. He made his terms clear, didn’t he? I won’t be that girl who up and changes the rules. “Come on, let me show you to my bedroom.”
His eyes flash in approval as I take his hand, leading him down the short hallway to my room.
Sam looks around slowly, then cocks a brow at me. “It’s . . . pink.”
I grin, kick the door closed, and drop my towel. “I like pink.”
He skims his gaze over me, his mouth hitching up into a lopsided smile. “It suits you.” He nods to the bed. “Lie down.”
“Bossy.”
“You have no idea.”
Grinning, I climb on top of my comforter—also pink—and prop myself on my elbows. “Why are you still wearing that towel? The only thing you should have on is a condom.”
He rakes his gaze over me—assessing, approving. Even the way he looks at me turns me on. He climbs into bed beside me and props himself up on one elbow. “Don’t rush me, woman.” The command and the roughness in his tone steal my breath. “You’re going to need to roll to your stomach if you want me to make those shoulders feel better.”
“It’s fine,” I protest, but he just shakes his head and nudges me onto my stomach.
The second his fingers start working magic on my shoulders, I’m glad he insisted. The muscles are sore from being held so long in such an awkward position, and the tension melts away at his touch.
I’m practically falling asleep by the time his touches turn to kisses and he rolls me over. 
* * *

Sam

When Liz looks at me, her gaze is heavy but happy. “Are you going to make me beg you, Sam Bradshaw?”
“Beg?”
“Not that our shower didn’t leave me . . . satisfied, but . . .” She takes her lower lip between her teeth in a way that’s both cute and really fucking hot.
She shifts under me, then wraps her legs around my waist, bringing my dick to rest against her slick folds.
I groan. Condom. Get a fucking condom. Everything about this moment is an invitation—the way she’s looking at me, the heat in her eyes. I’ve never been so tempted to slide into a woman without protection. It’s not an option—now more than ever—but fuck, if it’s not tempting at this moment.
“Liz,” someone bellows. 
We both stiffen.
“Lizzy?” It’s a guy, and he’s right outside her door. A drunk, belligerent man, in her house, at her bedroom door. My body tenses, shifting gears, ready to fight. 
Liz seems to sense the change in me, and she wraps her hand around my wrist. “Relax. It’s just Connor.”
“Connor? As in, my sister’s boyfriend? That Connor?”
“As in your friend Connor. I think he’s drunk.” She’s already climbing out of bed, not worried about explaining to me why the hell Connor is showing up drunk at her bedroom door in the middle of the night. “I’m going to check on him.”
She starts opening drawers and pulling out clothes. So she can go see Connor.
I don’t want Connor to see her like this—freshly showered, her cheeks still flushed from coming. Or maybe I do. Maybe I want to make sure he knows. She’s here with me. Mine.
My jealousy is so irrational it catches me off guard.
I take her hand, stopping her from pulling on her pants, then I latch my mouth onto her neck. She moans as I kiss and suck, then cries out as I bite down. 
I pull back, satisfied when I see I’ve marked her. Good. 
“Liz? I need you.” He’s practically whimpering.
“I’m coming,” she calls. “Just a minute.”
Fucking Connor. I’m not letting her go out there without me. 
Suddenly, I remember that none of my clothes made it to the bedroom with us. 
Liz bites back a grin, apparently realizing my conundrum. “You’re not going out there anyway, so don’t worry about it.” Giggles lace her words.
“The hell I’m not. He’s drunk.”
“Sam?” Connor says on the other side of the door. “Is that you, man? Oh, shit. Did your sister send you here? I told her to stay out of it.”
I don’t know what he’s talking about, but I shoot Liz a pointed look. “I’m going with you.”
“Want to borrow some panties? How do you feel about pink?” This time, she lets the giggle free. 
I snatch the towel off the floor where it landed earlier. “I’ll go get my clothes.” 
I sneak out the door before she can protest, and pull it shut tight behind me. Connor’s sitting in the hall, eyes half closed, and I don’t bother explaining myself before I cross to the bathroom to pull on my pants and undershirt.
When I get back to Lizzy’s room, she’s dressed. If you can call it that. She’s in a worn-out Sinclair tee and nothing else, as far as I can tell.
I skim my gaze over her down to where the shirt ends at mid-thigh. I love the way it looks on her—stretched across her breasts, her nipples poking at the fabric, and the way it shows off her long, flawless legs. I don’t love the idea of her greeting another man in nothing but that. Especially Connor.
I open the nearest dresser drawer, grab a pair of thick flannel pants, and shove them in her hands. “If you’re going out there, would you please wear these too?”
She smirks. “Are you jealous?”
Raking my gaze over her again, I shake my head. “Don’t mistake my selfishness for jealousy. I don’t want to share.”
I wait for her to put on the pants—not that it helps much. How does she make a T-shirt and flannel pants look so goddamn indecent? For a minute, I contemplate ordering her to stay in the bedroom, but I know that wouldn’t go over well, so I head to the hall to find Connor.
This guy was one of my best friends through college. We got thrown together as roommates freshman year, and our friendship formed from there. I’ve never been as close to him as I am to Max and Will, but we were cool. 
Until he started dating my little sister.
Connor’s passed out in the hall, his head slumped to the side as if he’s trying to use his own shoulder as a pillow.
Liz pads over to him and places her hand on his back. “Con, wake up.”
He blinks at her then rolls over and awkwardly pushes himself to his feet. “What are you doing here?” he asks Liz, dragging his eyes down to her breasts. Can I punch him in the face for looking at her the way any man would?
“This is my house,” she says patiently. She slides her arm under his. “Let’s get you to the couch.”
I grab the other arm and help him onto his feet to hobble to the couch. She turns to me. “Would you mind getting him a glass of water?”
Reluctantly, I turn to the kitchen to fetch the water and remind myself that Connor didn’t know I’d be here tonight. But somehow that only makes me feel worse, not better. 
I spot a bottle of ibuprofen on the counter and take it and the glass of water back to the living room. 
Connor and Liz are nestled together on the couch. He’s stretched out across it, resting his head against Lizzy’s shoulder. Cozy as shit. She’s laughing about something. I don’t like how comfortable they are together, and I know Della wouldn’t like it either.
“Connor was just telling me about the time you went roller-skating in college.” She giggles again and her eyes dance with amusement as she brings them to mine. “Is it true you got asked to the Snowball Dance by eight different junior high girls?”
Yeah, I’m gonna punch him in the face. Any minute now. I grunt instead of answering and hold up the water and the pills. “Sit up, idiot.”
Liz frowns. “Empathy is not your forte, Sam.”
“He’s the one who got himself in this position.”
Connor scrambles to sitting, putting his hands on Liz way more than necessary in the process, and I shove the glass at him. Water sloshes onto his lap, and he jumps.
I step back and cross my arms. “What brings you here tonight?”
“I needed a place to crash,” he mutters. “I locked myself out of my apartment, and Della’s pissed at me so she wouldn’t bring the spare key.”
A glance at the clock above his head confirms that it’s after three in the morning. “Where were you tonight that you just realized you locked yourself out at this hour?”
Liz gapes at me. “Sam,” she hisses. “Aren’t you supposed to be more supportive? Bros before hos and all that?”
“That ho you’re talking about is my sister.”
She turns to Connor, giving me her back. “You deserve better than her, Con.”
“Watch it,” I warn.
“I know she’s your sister,” Liz says, “and I know her better than most. I grew up with Della, remember? But she stomps all over Connor.”
My jaw tightens. I don’t want to talk about this, because talking about it is going to make me think more than I want to about why Liz is so bent on defending him and why he’d come here, of all places, when he needed a place to crash. “I’m sure you’re not as innocent as this one thinks,” I tell Connor, “and in the morning, I expect you to apologize to Della.”
Liz rolls her eyes. “He just went to the strip club with his friends after he left the reception. It’s not a big deal.” 
My face heats with a rush of anger, and Connor winces. Clearly, he wasn’t intending to share that part with me. “You’re lucky I don’t make you sleep in the street,” I mutter.
I can’t face him anymore, so I head back to the bedroom, slamming the door behind me.
I can hear them talking, but I can’t go back out there. 

Chapter Seven

Liz

The room is dark when I return. Connor’s tucked in on the couch, and I’ve done all I can for him tonight, but he’ll have one hell of a hangover tomorrow—from the booze and the aching heart. Sam doesn’t understand how much Connor loves Della, how hard he tries to please her. 
I can’t make out anything in the darkness, so I click on the bedside lamp and find Sam in my bed, still dressed in his undershirt and dress pants. His hands are folded behind his head, his feet crossed at the ankles. 
“I’m sorry you didn’t like what I had to say about your sister,” I say as I sit on the side of the bed.
He grunts. “We both know that’s not an apology.”
“I’m sorry I spoke poorly of your sister in front of you. That put you in an awkward position.”
“He’s lucky I didn’t cut his dick off when I found out he was sleeping with her,” he says.
“It’s not like he used her for sex and walked away. They’re a couple, and he loves her, even if their relationship is a little . . . dysfunctional.” 
“There’s a code. Seducing my little sister was totally unacceptable.”
“Della’s my friend, but so is Connor. She’s a grown woman, and he’s a good guy. Seriously, if your sister was going to give it up to anyone, Connor’s a good choice.”
His jaw tightens, and when he raises his gaze to meet mine, I freeze. You said too much, Liz. But why should I care? It’s not like Sam wanted me, and Connor was . . . the sweetest guy I ever met. Maybe he still is.
“Why would you say that?” he asks softly.
“Because it’s true.” I shrug. “When you turned me down all those years ago, I was crushed. Connor cheered me up.”
“I fucking bet he did.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“It means I know he’s wanted you since he met you at that party that night, and he was supposed to stay away from you.”
“Wait. What? You were telling your friends to stay away from me?”
“Just Connor. I didn’t like the way he looked at you.”
“You mean you didn’t like that he looked at me like I was a woman when you still wanted to see me as a child.”
“Sue me for being a decent guy.”
“You rejected me, and Connor was the one who talked me through it. Who’s the decent guy?”
“Did you sleep with him? Did you let him take care of your little virginity problem?”
“I—” I lift my palms. “Why are we talking about this? It was over four years ago.”
Some emotion I don’t recognize flashes in his eyes. 
“I wanted you, Sam. Not some stand-in. You. And you broke my heart.” As soon as the words are out of my mouth, I wish I could take them back. I’ve just made myself too vulnerable to him. More vulnerable than I was when my hands were bound and I was at his mercy.
“I broke your heart?”
“Don’t worry about Della. Connor will take care of her.”
“You didn’t answer my question. You said I broke your heart.”
You don’t want me to answer your question. I stand and stare at my light pink wall. I should have kept my mouth shut. “I was young. Foolish. It’s not like I’ve been hung up on you all this time or something.” Much. Hell, who am I kidding? It’s very much like that.
“Rowdy.” The mattress shifts as he moves to sit next to me. “I told you I don’t do emotional strings.”
“And I told you that’s not what I’m looking for.”
He shakes his head. “I never wanted to hurt you.” He stalks toward me, and I stand frozen, waiting for him to decide what happens next.
The frustration in his eyes turns to heat then lust, and then something more dangerous. I stand still until he cups my face in his hands and lowers his mouth to mine.
Everything after that happens in a desperate rush. We shed our clothes, throwing them to the floor until we’re skin to skin. Sam presses me against the wall and hitches one of my legs around his hip.
“Condom,” I whisper.
“Done.”
I have no idea when during the frenzy of kissing and undressing he pulled on a condom, but I don’t care. His cock is between my legs, poised at my entrance, and I want him. Need him.
Almost in one fluid motion, he pulls up my other leg and drives into me. He’s big—almost too big—and my body tightens in protest, but when he tries to withdraw, tries to give me a moment to adjust, I claw at his back to hold him close. And then he thrusts, in and out, and I have to bite back a cry every time he sinks deep.
“Don’t do that,” he says in my ear. “Don’t hold back.”
“But Connor—”
“Let him hear. I want him to know that you’re mine.”
I love that. You’re mine. 
“For tonight,” he says. “Just for tonight.”
I squeeze my eyes shut, denying the hurt that wants to flood me at those words. And before I can think about it too much, before I can dwell on any disappointment or hurt I feel, he’s sliding a hand between our bodies and finding my clit, stroking as he pounds into me.
Behind his back, I lock my feet at the ankles and loop my arms around his neck, holding on tight as he leads me up to more and more pleasure.
Suddenly, he spins me around and settles my ass on the bed. In a smooth motion, he’s changed our positions, moving my legs so my ankles are resting on his shoulders and his cock slides even deeper. 
When he drives into me from this new position, his eyes locked on where our bodies are joined, I do cry out, and he groans his approval and pumps harder.
“I needed my hands free,” he murmurs. His fingertips graze my breasts and he pinches my nipple. “I needed to touch you.” 
I watch him, trying to memorize how dark his eyes are as he fucks me, the way they roam over me again and again, as if every part of me is fighting for his attention and he can’t decide where to give it.
But then his eyes drop between my legs and stop roaming altogether. He focuses on watching our bodies come together through thrust after thrust.
His thumb strokes my clit, and my back arches off the bed. He pumps into me again. Again. All the while, stroking that sensitive piece of me until it’s almost too much.
“Tonight, you’re mine,” he whispers again.
And it’s those words and the intensity in his eyes that pushes me over the edge and has my body contracting in orgasm.
He turns his head and places a tender kiss on the arch of my foot. Then he thrusts again, the head of his cock swelling inside me. His jaw tightens and he comes too, hand wrapped around my ankle.
After he goes to the bathroom to clean up, I curl into my bed and remind my heart that it wasn’t invited to this party.
I don’t normally do this. I’m not the kind of girl who tries to mentally rewrite every hookup into a happily-ever-after. My mind understands that sometimes I just need sex for the sake of sex. But this is Sam, and my brain has never been very good at showing up where he’s involved.
He’ll want to leave. Maybe he’ll take Connor with him out of some misguided protective instinct, but I don’t expect him to sleep over. So when he comes back into the room and slides into bed with me, when he pulls me into his arms so my back is against his chest and his arms are wrapped around me, I’m waiting for the goodbye. The thanks for the good time, see ya around.
Instead, he kisses me just below my earlobe and says, “Sleep well, Rowdy,” and settles his head into the pillow as if he intends to sleep with me in his arms.

* * *

Sam

I know better than to stay, but I can’t make myself go. I tell myself it’s because Connor is sleeping in her living room, and I don’t trust him not to try something with her, but that’s a bunch of bullshit. The truth is, I love the way she feels in my arms and the way her hair smells, and I don’t want to leave. 
I never intended to take her so roughly tonight. I can’t believe I fucked her against the wall. But my attraction to Liz has always been something that skates on that line between want and need. I don’t mind want. Want is a thing you can control. Want you can deny. But I hope to never need a woman the way I felt like I needed her tonight. Need makes me weak. Desperate. Completely under her power.
It’s not that I expected her to still be a virgin. Hell no. She’s a damn fine grown woman with a healthy sexual appetite and confidence to boot. I didn’t think she waited all this time for me, but the idea that Connor was her first . . .
My arms tighten around her instinctively. I don’t like this jealousy I feel, but I can’t deny it either. I fucking hate that she gave him her virginity. I guess part of me was waiting for her to come back to my room after she turned eighteen. I was cocky enough to believe it was me she wanted, not just anyone.
Fuck Connor.
I swear he’s wanted what’s mine since the day I met him. He was fascinated by my family—the size of it, the way we all seemed to sincerely love each other. Part of me was happy to give him a place there. I brought him home on holidays when his parents couldn’t be bothered to scrape together the money to fly him back to California; I got him the internship working for my father as he laid the groundwork for his political campaign; and I introduced him to Della, his now girlfriend, despite my mother’s objections over them living together before they’re married.
Part of me has always known Connor’s a better fit in my own life than I am. My father loves him, my mother thinks he’s a prince, and he loves my big family when it’s always made me feel claustrophobic. It’s like he’s taken the parts of my life that I denied—the job with my father . . . Liz.
I bury my nose in her hair, and she sighs in her sleep, a soft, sweet sound. “He can’t have you,” I say. “You’re mine.” I try to mentally add for tonight, but it feels like a lie. I want more than tonight. I don’t want to miss another night falling asleep to the smell of her hair just because I’m scared I might be more like my father than Connor will ever be.
Because even if I think Liz belongs with me, not him, I know he’s the better guy.
I know why he was at the strip club tonight, and he’ll let Della believe the worst just to protect her from the truth—to protect me. Connor’s a better hero than I’ll ever be, but he can’t have Liz.
“Mine.” Then I close my eyes.

* * *
I wake up to the sound of someone knocking softly on the bedroom door, and for a minute I’m disoriented and expect to find myself in my own bed.
“Liz?” Connor calls from the other side.
Liz shifts in my arms, and I climb out of bed. “She’s sleeping,” I say through a crack in the door.
Connor’s eyes widen and he blinks at me. “Oh. I didn’t know . . .” 
I arch a brow. “Let her sleep, okay? I’ll be out in a minute.” I shut the door on his startled face, then pull on my clothes. And, yeah, I just broke one of her rules. Maybe even intentionally. I know Connor’s with Della now, but I also know how he’s always looked at Liz. 
When I return to the hallway, Connor is waiting with a mug of coffee in each hand. He shoves one at me.
“So, you and Liz?”
My jaw tightens without my permission. When it comes to Liz, I have no poker face. “None of your business.”
He nods and sips his coffee, then he meets my eyes and his body stiffens. “Don’t hurt her again.”
“Again?”
“She had it bad for you . . . back in the day.”
“And you stepped right in to take advantage of that, didn’t you?” 
Connor pulls back as if I’ve struck him.
Fuck. I shouldn’t have said anything. For one, it’s not my business. For another, I don’t want Connor knowing how I feel about his history with Liz.
“She told you about that?” he asks.
“She was seventeen,” I say, sidestepping his question.
Connor looks away. He knows it was a dick move. “Don’t tell Della,” he says. “She doesn’t know, and it would change things between her and Liz.”
“I won’t tell.” My shoulders sag, some of the fight draining out of me. It’s a relief just to know that he cares how Della would feel. “You were at the club last night snooping into my business, weren’t you?
Connor drags a hand through his hair and nods. “Your dad saw the money gone from your account. He asked me to look into it, and someone said they’d seen you spending time with one of the girls there.”
Fuck. I drop my gaze to the floor, doing my best to calm the surge of anger I feel at the thought of Asia. Oddly, my anger isn’t as hot or volatile as it was yesterday. A night with Liz was like a balm to my soul. “Tell my father there’s nothing going on that’s a danger to his precious campaign, so he can relax.”
“You know, I’m not the enemy.”
I sigh. He’s not. As much as I hated Liz defending Connor last night, she was right. He is the best kind of good guy, even if it sometimes feels like he stole my life. “I’m sorry I was shitty with you last night. I didn’t like you coming here. Didn’t like the idea of you just showing up at her bedroom door in the middle of the night.”
“We’re friends. Liz is honestly one of the best people I know.”
Yeah, that’s the problem. “Think about it from Della’s point of view before you come running here next time.”
“Say what you mean, Bradshaw.”
I roll back my shoulders. “I mean, you still have a thing for Liz. It was all over your face when you two were cuddled on the couch last night.”
“Is this about me, or is it about you?”
“If Della knew you’d come here, she’d be pissed.”
He grimaces. “Yeah, I guess. Are you two . . .?” He nods to Lizzy’s bedroom door. “Are you going to be spending time together?”
“Are you asking me if I’m going to make an honest woman out of her?”
He grunts. “You should. I don’t like the idea of you using her as an escape from your problems and then sneaking out of her bed like she’s one of your random hookups.”
“Don’t.” 
He must see the warning in my eyes, because he shows both palms in surrender. “I’ll get out of the way. You sure you don’t have something going on you need to talk about?”
“I’m sure.”
He nods and heads toward the front of the house. 
I sneak into her room one more time before I leave. She’s on her stomach, her head turned to the side, those crazy blond curls fanned out around her head. If it weren’t for the way she was drooling on the pillow, I might think she positioned herself like that trying to look irresistible.
But Liz doesn’t try to look irresistible. She just is. Smoothing a few locks off her face, I kiss her forehead. Because even with everything hanging over my head right now, even with Connor’s guest appearance, last night was amazing.
For maybe the first time ever, I’m thinking about . . . something more. 

Chapter Eight

Liz

“Good afternoon, Miss Thompson,” Mr. Bradshaw, Sam’s father, says when he sees me walk through the bank doors on Monday. “How can we help you today?”
“Is Sam available?”
“He’s in the back office. Could I help you with something?” 
“Um, no. I just needed to discuss something with Sam. Thanks.”
My stomach does a wild, fluttery flip-flop as I make my way to Sam.
When I step into the office, my first thought is that I have the wrong place, because the man behind the desk doesn’t look like the Sam I know. His face is covered in hard lines and tension, a study of stress and anger. 
“It looks like you’re doing actual work in here,” I say, going for light. “Careful, someone might see you and ruin your reputation.”
His head lifts slowly, and as his eyes settle on me, it’s gratifying to see some of that tension leave his face, some of the anger leave his eyes. 
But that doesn’t change what I see there. He’s working through something heavy. I have no idea what it is, but I know exactly how to help him.
He rakes his gaze over me slowly, taking in my button-up blouse, unbuttoned past my collarbone, my fitted black skirt, and my four-inch red heels. It was an outfit I chose very deliberately. It’s sexy, but not so overtly that it’s obvious I dressed for him—though I did.
I tug my lip between my teeth. I want more than his gaze on me. More than his hands, even. I want the weight of his body pressing into mine, the feel of his mouth on my skin. His eyes lift to mine, and tension fills in the air between us—the good kind of tension, the kind with snapping teeth and tongues and promise.
I reach for the door and shut it behind me. Sam lifts an amused brow, more of that anger melting away. It’s good to see the man I know back in that face. This other guy, the stranger, he scares me a little.
“Why are you here, Rowdy?” 
Swallowing, I walk to behind his desk and go to the window that overlooks the side of the parking lot and the river beyond. I feel him move behind me as I pull the blinds shut. His fingers brush my neck, moving aside the few strands that have escaped the twist. My eyes float closed at the contact.
He steps closer. “You didn’t answer my question,” he whispers against my ear.
I turn to face him, but he’s too close, and even in my heels I’m staring at his chin. I crane my neck to meet his eyes. I wonder if he can tell that I’m practically trembling with nerves. With need. “I’m here to collect on your promise.”
“What promise?”
“The promise you made me at the wedding. The ideas you put in my head. You did not follow through on all the dirty things you whispered in my ear.”
He groans, low and guttural, and some of my nerves flitter away.
I grab his tie in my fist and tug him down an inch, two. “Don’t assume I’m like other girls,” I whisper against his lips. 
“Oh, I know you’re not like other girls. That was never the question.” His lips are so close I can practically feel them brushing over mine as he speaks. 
I want his kiss badly. Too much. So much that I step around him and away from the temptation to take it, because I don’t want to kiss him. I want him to kiss me. The distinction normally wouldn’t matter to me, but it’s different with Sam. Everything’s different with Sam.
Sinking back into his chair, he rests his elbows on his knees and drags a hand through his hair. “I’m going through some fucked-up shit right now.”
“And I’m here to distract you.” I push the papers on his desk aside and hoist myself up to sit in their place. Sam’s eyes immediately seek out the exposed thigh where my skirt is riding up, but I have something so much better for him to see. Leaning back on my hands, I part my legs, watching with satisfaction as his gaze follows my skirt higher up my thighs.
His eyes meet mine, as hot as I feel. “You came to my bank without panties?”
I shrug. “I don’t know. Why don’t you check?”
He stands, gaze flicking to the door, then back to me. “The bank’s closed, but we’re not alone.” He touches my knee, and my eyes practically roll back in my head from the pleasure of his skin connecting with mine. His hand inches north so slowly; the swirling ache of want low in my belly causes me real pain. 
I’m already wet. I feel it between my legs, gathering for him. For this. When his thumb meets the slick juncture of my thighs, his breath draws in with a hiss.
My eyes float closed and my hips lift of their own volition, pushing closer to his fingers, his touch. When he dips his head down to my ear, his fingers dance across the swollen flesh between my legs—teasing, promising, but not delivering. It’s all I can do not to grab his wrist and cup his hand firmly against me.
“You know how fucking delicious you look?” he whispers. “All I want to do is shove your skirt up, spread your legs, and bury my face between your thighs. I want to tease you with my lips and tongue until you beg me to let you come.”
I gasp—at his words, at the buzz of the pressure of his thumb against my clit.
“Could you handle it, Liz?”
“Why do you think I’m here?” I’m so proud of myself for constructing that sentence, so I try for another. “As far as I can tell, Sam Bradshaw, you’re all talk.”
“I’m asking if you could let me touch you here”—he runs two fingertips down the length of me—“and not make a sound.” 
My lips part, but I can’t think of a damn thing to say that would leave me with any dignity. 
His honey-brown eyes flash hot, and he slides a finger into me. “Jesus, you’re hot.”
I reach down and draw my skirt higher up my hips, and his hand stills between my legs. He shifts his stance slightly to the left, his gaze darting to some spot behind my head.
“Liz.” He leans his head against mine and says, “We can’t.”
“What?”
“Not here.” His gaze darts to that spot behind my head again. “Cameras.”
Two emotions zip through me simultaneously—horror at what I’d have done with Sam right here without thinking of those cameras, and an erotic thrill at the thought of having it recorded.
Slowly, he removes his hand from between my legs and smoothes down my skirt. 
My cheeks burn with the shame of rejection. I lift my chin an inch. “Wouldn’t have thought a little video tape would slow down a man like you.”
His chuckle is low and pained. “Normally, it wouldn’t. But since a woman who used to change my diapers sits at the desk by the video monitors, I think it’s best I practice a little restraint this time around.” He gives an apologetic smile and rubs his thumb across my cheek in a movement that’s almost tender. 
I nod, that ugly feeling of rejection still hanging over me as I slide off the desk I’d hoped he’d fuck me silly on. I follow him out of his office and to the parking lot.
We stand by my car for a minute—the awkward aura of hookup interruptus around us.
I shift, my too-high heels pinching my toes. “Well, that didn’t go as I planned.”
Again, that low, deep chuckle. Can you be touched by a sound? Because his laugh seems to stroke me in all the right places. “I didn’t think you were the type, Liz.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
He rubs the back of his neck. “You’re a nice girl.”
I snort—loudly—breaking the tension. “God, Sam, can I give you a hint? When a girl shows up at your office without panties, the last thing she wants you thinking is that she’s a nice girl. I’m not nice.” I’m horny. But I don’t say that, because I have a little dignity left. “I’m as dirty as the last trollop you took to bed.” Or I could be. With a little practice and the right teacher. 
He lifts a brow. “I’m pretty sure the last woman I took to bed wouldn’t appreciate you calling her a trollop.”
* * *
Sam

Ever since I left my office tonight, my hands have been itching to pick up the phone and call Liz. I want to do more than call her. I want to have her in my bed, naked, bound, and moaning. 
Her invitation to take her on my desk was almost more than I could resist. But I’m a Bradshaw, and we’re trained very carefully to be mindful of things like cameras. That doesn’t mean I can’t invite her over tonight, though.
But by the time I walk in my front door, my plans change. Because Asia is waiting for me in my living room, and she says the only words powerful enough to keep me away from Liz. 
“I’ll keep the baby.”

Chapter Nine

Liz

I find myself in Sam’s driveway, jacked up on lust and optimism. I have no idea how our night together left him feeling. I’m not even sure what this is I’m feeling. But I know I don’t want to walk away, and I know things would have gone further in his office if it weren’t for those pesky security cameras.
There’s more to him than a hard body and a dirty mouth, and I feel like I just got a peek at it. I want to know more, to explore him like I explored the woods by the river as a child. I want to get him to open up to me when he doesn’t open to anyone else. And I’m going to tell him so.
Only I don’t make it out of the car before I see him through the picture window at the front of his house. It’s dark and all the lights are on, framing and illuminating the two people on the other side of the glass like a scene on a screen for everyone to see.
He has his arms wrapped around a woman—a beautiful woman in a tiny black dress and sky-high heels. My heart stutters in my chest and I can’t remember how to breathe, and when I try, it hurts. It actually hurts to pull oxygen into my lungs while watching him hold her.
I force the air in, and suffer the sharp pain of my lungs expanding against the jagged tear in my heart. Any hope I had that she’s a sister or cousin, or that there’s some completely reasonable explanation for him touching her, flees. He brings his hands to her face and lowers his mouth to hers—gently, softly. It’s a kiss filled with all that tenderness I yearn for, the affection men just don’t feel for me.
I’m frozen, the jagged edge of my heart sawing at the soft tissue of my slowly expanding and deflating lungs. I can’t take my eyes off him—I can’t unsee this side of Sam I just came to believe was there and hoped to resurface for myself. When he breaks the kiss, he lifts his head and looks right at me. There’s so much on his face that he’d typically hide behind his ever-present cocky grin, but I see it now. Hurt. Regret. Terror.
For a moment, I think he can see me, but then he looks away and I remember I’m concealed by darkness while they’re visible to anyone who might happen by. And he doesn’t care.
That snags on a piece of my heart and it breaks off, tumbling to the pit of my aching stomach. He didn't want anyone to know about us this weekend, but he obviously feels differently about whoever she is.
“Stupid, stupid, stupid,” I whisper to no one. Why do we call ourselves names when we’re alone? Does confessing the worst about ourselves to the darkness make our flaws easier to bear? Or is it because we fear only the darkness is willing to take us as we are—imperfect, incomplete, and so desperate to be accepted? 
Sam wraps his arms around her shoulders and gestures outside, and when he gives her that smile—not the cocky grin, but the sweet, vulnerable boy smile—I finally find the strength to put the key in the ignition and drive away.
One night. I promised him I could play by his rules. He worried I’d want more. He was right, and I’ll never let him know.
* * *

I’m a girly girl and proud of it. I wear heels and makeup and do my hair and nails. I don’t like getting sweaty and I love romantic books and movies and the color pink. When Hanna and I got this house together to live in while we finished at Sinclair, the first thing I did was paint my bedroom a very pale shade of pink. I loved it. It was just pink enough to be girly without looking like it should be a baby girl’s nursery. But when I walked in from going to Sam’s last night, the color made me sick to my stomach. Don’t ask me how the color pink makes me think about having my hands tied behind my back and my mouth on Sam, but it does. I can’t live with it anymore.
“Are you okay?” Hanna asks from my bedroom doorway. Maybe she’s asking because I’ve been on a tear all morning, and now all the bedroom furniture is pushed to the middle of my room, draped in pink sheets, and the walls are almost completely repainted. 
Beige. It’s a terrible color and a terrible way to feel, but I’ve chosen to surround myself with it. Beige. Stupid beige.
I force a smile, because Hanna’s sensitive, and I don’t want her worrying about me. “I’m fine. Ever feel like you just need a change?”
The wrinkle between her brows tells me she’s not buying my fake peppiness, but she knows when not to push it. “Sam’s here and asking for you. What’s that about?”
My stomach protests at the thought of Sam waiting for me at the front of the house—fear and hurt and hope all take hold of my heart and engage in a three-way game of tug-of-war. Part of me wants to imagine he’s here because he has feelings for me, but it’s more likely that he wants to make sure I don’t tell Miss Little Black Dress about our night together. 
He never struck me as the kind of guy who would cheat. 
I wipe my hands on my pink sheets turned paint rags and climb down the ladder. “Does he need a cup of sugar?”
She lifts a brow but doesn’t argue with my suggestion. “I’ll be here when you want to talk about it.”
“Talk about what?” My smile is so plastic you could make Barbies with it. I push past her and find my way to the living room, where Sam is standing, looking out the window with his hands shoved into his pockets.
He’s in a simple white T-shirt and jeans, but he’s so gorgeous it hurts to look at him. Sometimes it’s nice to want things you can’t have, and sometimes the want is so deep that it’s a flame tearing through your heart. 
“Hey, Sam!” I call, keeping my Barbie smile in place.
He turns, and I wait for his eyes to skim over me in my too-short cut-offs and tank, but they don’t. In fact, he’s looking at me, but I can tell he’s not seeing me at all. “Can we talk?”
“Sure! Let me slip on some shoes.” I don’t want to leave with him, but I’m so ashamed of the position I’ve put myself in, the heartbreak I brought on myself, that I don’t want Hanna to witness this conversation either.
I slip on my flip-flops and grab my hoodie from the hook by the door, then lead him outside. We walk for a bit without talking, just breathing in the cool, late-autumn air and trying to figure out where we fit with each other now. Or at least, that’s what I’m doing. 
“I know we said it was just one night,” he begins.
I can’t handle hearing more, so I butt in before he can speak again. “No strings, no attachments, no expectations. You’re not here because you’ve changed your mind on me, are you?”
He stops walking and blinks at me. “I . . .” He shakes his head then swallows, his Adam’s apple bobbing. “A friend gave me some news this morning, and I wondered if I could take you out. Talk to you about it.”
His tongue down her throat sure made it seem like she was more than a friend. “I’m kind of busy.” My heart trips on the tangle of emotions in my chest, but I’m determined to get through this with my pride intact. I’ve been rejected by Sam before. I can’t handle being rejected again. “No expectations, Sam. But that has to go both ways. I don’t want this to be all awkward now.”
He cocks his head, studying me. “You’re special, Rowdy. Sometimes I get the feeling you don’t actually know that.”
Don’t do this. Don’t say nice things that make me want to love you. “I’m just a girl who needed a good lay. Thanks for that.” 
He flinches. Sam Bradshaw actually flinches at my rough words. Inside, I’m flinching too. “I don’t even know what to make of you.”
I shrug. “Do you really need to know?” Oh, fuck. Tears burn the back of my throat and I can’t let them out. Not here while he can see. “Can you do me a favor? Don’t tell anyone about our little . . . indiscretion? I’d like to keep it our secret. I don’t want people getting the wrong idea about me.”
“Who would I tell?”
One more time with the plastic smile. This is it, I promise myself. Just one more minute smiling, and you’re out of here. “It was sweet of you to come by, but you don’t need to worry about me.”
I give a little wave, turn, and walk away, and I feel his eyes on me with every step.
“Rowdy,” he calls when I’m nearly to the door. I turn to face him but don’t trust myself to talk. He jogs to the porch and a takes a deep breath. “Her name’s Asia. I thought it was over, but things might get . . . serious.”
“Why are you telling me this?” 
“I . . .” He shrugs. “I wanted you to hear it from me first.”
“Good night, Sam.”
When I get back into the house, Hanna’s on the couch, her legs curled under her, her laptop perched on the coffee table. “Is Sam okay?”
“Yeah, he’s fine. He just wanted to talk to me about Max.” Hanna’s whole body flinches at the mention of her unrequited love, and I hate myself a little more than usual for bringing up his name. “Nothing like that,” I say. “Just trying to get me to join the gym to support Max. As if, right?”
Hanna’s eyes go a little hazy, and I know I’ve thrown her off the trail of my troubles for a couple of minutes.
“I’m going to go finish painting.”
Back in my room, a four-by-four patch of pink wall stares at me. Suddenly, I regret everything—pretending I was okay with Sam, painting my room, going to his house last night . . . the whole damn weekend. 
I rush to the bathroom and turn on the shower, wiping the tears from my face as fast as they fall. I’m not sure what makes me grab my phone, but I text Connor.

Her name’s Asia. That’s all I know.

Then I climb into the shower, lean against the wall, and let the hot spray wash away my foolish hopes and all my naïve beliefs that I might be something special to him.

Epilogue

Sam
Two Years Later…

Her date is at least fifteen years older than her and could probably find steady work as a stunt double for Smokey the Bear.
Not that I care. I definitely don’t care who Liz Thompson is sleeping with.
She laughs at something Smokey says and then excuses herself and heads to the restroom, her tight ass swinging with every step.
“You’re staring,” Max says.
I bring my attention back to my table and find William and Max both studying me. Max is smirking. Asshole. “I’m not staring at anything.”
“You were definitely staring,” Will says. “And before you were staring at her, you were giving her date the I’m-going-to-hang-you-by-your-balls-over-a-pit-of-vipers look.”
“Don’t give him a hard time,” Max says. “That’s a completely normal reaction to have when you catch someone out with your wife . . . but wait. She’s not your wife, is she? Or your girlfriend even? Huh.”
Will smirks. “Can’t tell by the way he’s looking at her.”
I lean back in the booth. “You’re both assholes.”
“You could just ask her out,” Max suggests. 
“I’ll pass,” I say, but the words come out as a growl, revealing too much. I clear my throat. “Excuse me.”
I head back toward the bathrooms with a half-cocked plan to corner her and make her talk to me. But about what? We haven’t talked since last summer—out of respect for my sister Della, I’ve kept my distance. The last thing my pregnant sister needs is to see her big brother making nice with the woman who nearly tore her world apart.
When I reach the back hallway, I spot Liz and my steps slow. Smokey the Bear must have snuck back here to meet her when I wasn’t looking. He’s shoving his tongue down her throat and feeling her up. Jesus. Couldn’t they at least go somewhere private?
Smokey goes in for another kiss, and Liz turns her head to the side. “Sorry,” she says. “I don’t have sex on the first date. Ever.”
I grunt and watch for a minute, wondering if he’s going to buy the shit she’s shoveling. 
“Want me to take it slow, baby?” her date asks. “I can take it slow. With me, you’ll want it to last all night.”
“Listen, Ha—”
“If you’d excuse me,” I say, interrupting. I can’t stomach much more of this. 
Liz narrows those pretty blue eyes at me and lifts her chin. “Did you need something?”
“Restroom.” I point behind her.
She blushes prettily. Everything Liz does is pretty. The way she drinks a beer is pretty, the way she nuzzles her pillow in her sleep, the way she kisses her way down my stomach before . . .
Fuck that. I skim my eyes over her date. If that’s what Liz wants, she can have it. There’s no reason for me to stand in her way. I attempt a smile. “You two kids have fun.”
I push into the bathroom and let the water run hot in the sink as I stare at myself in the mirror. “You don’t need her, Bradshaw,” I mutter at my reflection, and my stomach knots at the words. I may not need her, but I want her—a want that’s so intoxicating, so potent, it masquerades as need. I want her. I miss her. But none of that matters because I can’t forgive her.


THE END
This is the end of Liz and Sam’s prequel, but it’s not the end of them. I hope you’ll follow their story in the Reckless and Real series, beginning with Something Reckless (December 22, 2014) and concluding in Something Real (March 2015).
If you would like to be notified when I release a new book, please sign up for my newsletter.
Other Titles by Lexi Ryan

The New Hope Series 
Unbreak Me
Stolen Wishes (A Wish I May prequel novella)
Wish I May

Here and Now (A New Hope Series)
Lost in Me
Fall to You
All for This

Reckless and Real (A New Hope Series)
Something Wild (A Reckless and Real prequel novella)
Something Reckless
Something Real

Hot Contemporary Romance
Text Appeal
Accidental Sex Goddess

Decadence Creek Stories and Novellas
Just One Night
Just the Way You Are
Contact
I love hearing from readers, so find me on my facebook page at facebook.com/lexiryanauthor, follow me on Twitter @writerlexiryan, shoot me an email at writerlexiryan@gmail.com, or find me on my website.


