




TRUST
YOUR HEART

by
Sharon Drane



Trust Your Heart
by Sharon Drane
© 2014 Sharon Drane

978-1-62390-035-9

Smashwords Edition
Published by Salt Run Publishing LLC


Prologue

Christmas Eve – St. Louis – 1859

“May I have this dance, Miss St. John?” The young Army officer bowed from the waist, his blue eyes sparkling, his uniform immaculate, and his smile wide. The sound of his deep baritone sent a tingle through her core and made her breath catch.
Amelia had noticed him when he entered the ballroom. Tall and well muscled, he was hard to miss. Her brother-in-law introduced them. She watched Lt. Joshua Hawthorne as he moved through the crowd for more introductions. She could not take her gaze off him.
“Of course you may.” Ellen nudged her silent sister toward him.
Amelia shot a glance at her older sibling, before flashing her best smile at the lieutenant. “I would be happy to dance with you, Lt. Hawthorne.”
In the glow of candlelight, he led her onto the dance floor. Though his hands were properly gloved, she could feel the heat at her waist where he held her. Focused on the sensation of his hands, she stumbled briefly when he took the first step. She recovered quickly and they joined the other couples swaying around the floor to the lovely waltz. 
As they whirled in the steps of the graceful dance, other people existed only in the background. Held tightly against his hard body, her senses were filled with the muscular lieutenant.
The music, the sparkling crystal chandeliers, the gentle murmur of the guests, the passing colors, and the scents of evergreens added to the pleasurable experience. Yet Amelia saw only the handsome face above her. 
When their first dance ended, he stayed by her side. “I did not expect to find such pleasant company in St. Louis.” He strolled with her to the refreshment table. “Would you care for some wine?”
“Yes, thank you.” She allowed him to lead her. “Where are you from?” she asked.
He handed her a cup of the cinnamon-dusted mulled wine. “I am originally from New York. This is my first trip to St. Louis.”
“I hope it won’t be your last trip to St. Louis,” she replied, her lashes fluttering up at him. 
“So do I.” He leaned down to her. “Will you be going to the Mayor’s New Year’s Eve Ball?”
“I’m afraid not. The day after tomorrow I leave to return to New Orleans.” She watched his eyebrows meet in a frown. 
The orchestra struck up a lively number.
Joshua offered his arm to Amelia. They moved to the floor once again and danced a schottische. After that, they danced another waltz, a polka, and a reel.
Between dances, they drank more wine and chatted with each other. Amelia wondered if some of the matrons would consider her behavior inappropriate, dancing with only one man. She did not care if they did. The strong attraction she felt for the handsome lieutenant could not be ignored.
He held her hand. “May I compliment you on the lovely ring you wear? I have never seen another quite like it.”
She raised her hand to better see the ruby ring. Set in gold, glittering diamonds surrounded the large oval cut center stone. 
“The ring is an heirloom from my late grandmother. When I wear it, I am reminded of her.” She smiled up at him. “I wear it every day. It’s the best way I have to feel close to her.”
He tucked her hand into the crook of his arm and led her to the picture window. They faced the street, feeling alone in the overcrowded room, looking out the window at the falling snow. “Must you go back to New Orleans so soon?” The timbre of his soft, intimate voice shimmied down her spine.
“I’m afraid so. I have to return to Madame Dumond’s Seminary for Young Ladies for my final term. My parents wanted me to complete my education.”
“Aren’t you worried about the state of politics, all this talk of war? It might be dangerous for you to be in the South.”
She smiled up at him. “I’ll leave the subject of war to you men. We ladies have no business worrying about such matters.”
“If things were different, I would take the time to court you properly.” He brought her hand to his lips and kissed it. The touch of his lips on her hand made her shiver as he lingered over the task. “May I have an address at which to send you letters?”
Amelia sighed at the sensation of his lips on her skin. How fortunate I wore the lace mitts instead of my gloves. She watched their reflection in the window glass. He was tall and dark, dashing in his uniform. She was slender and blond. They looked good together, an attractive couple. I wonder if this is what love feels like? Belatedly she realized he had asked a question which she had not yet answered. “Yes, I would like to correspond with you.” She did not recognize her own voice.
Joshua held her gaze and turned her hand over to kiss her palm. 
Her knees buckled at the sensation. Sighing, she could look nowhere but at him. I’ve never felt anything like this. It must be love.
“Promise me,” he whispered, “to answer the letters I will send you. I don’t want to lose touch with you.”
“Of course I shall answer your letters.” Her voice breathless, she could hardly talk. “We won’t lose touch. Why would we? I will complete the term in June and then I’ll be back in St. Louis. After all, it is just a steamboat journey from New Orleans to St. Louis.”
The guests began to leave. Amelia saw her sister bidding her guests farewell at the front door beyond the ballroom.
Joshua noted the activity. “I suppose I must be a courteous guest and depart. I had a wonderful time this evening.”
“Thank you, Lieutenant, so did I.” Please don’t leave just yet. Amelia hurried to the escritoire in the hallway, for paper, a pen, and ink. She hastily wrote her New Orleans address.
Joshua got his greatcoat and hat from the housemaid. 
I’ve got to say something else so he won’t leave yet. “Merry Christmas.” She handed him her address.
“Merry Christmas to you, Miss St. John.” He put on the greatcoat with a flourish as he smiled down to her.
He’s so handsome, the very picture of perfection, so strong and confident. I could stare at him forever.
His expression became serious. “Promise me you will be very careful in the coming months.”
Amelia tossed her head as she had seen her best friend, Jo Beth Wilcox do. “I shall be perfectly fine. After all, what could happen to someone like me?”


Chapter One

Shiloh – April 7, 1862

Joshua emerged from the tent and sat by the campfire. He scrubbed the dust from his face with his hands. It had been a long couple of days. Smoky air stung his eyes while the smells of blood and human waste assaulted his nose. He could hear the moaning and occasional screams of the wounded at the nearby field hospital. The Union Army had finally routed the Confederates, but at a heavy cost. Many of the men in his regiment were either dead or wounded.
“Captain Hawthorne? The cooks have set up the mess. You want me to bring you a plate, Sir?” 
Joshua looked up at the fresh-faced private standing above him. “No thanks, Olsen not now, maybe later.” The last thing he wanted was food.
The young man saluted and moved on to the next tent, ready to query the next officer.
Joshua reached into his saddle bag for his pipe and a miniature portrait. He looked at the smiling young lady with golden curls and laughing green eyes portrayed in the picture. 
She wore the red dress he remembered. It cheered him just to look at her lovely face once more.
“Looking at your Amelia again?” Captain Phillips’ jovial voice sounded nearby. 
“She’s not my Amelia.”
Phillips sat beside him. “Well, not for lack of trying. Did you ever find her? Or learn why she stopped writing to you?”
“No. I’ve had no word from New Orleans at all. Correspondence is not dependable these days.”
Phillips lit a cigar. He leaned back and puffed deeply. “Maybe she never got your last letters.”
“It’s possible, who knows? She wrote me faithfully while she was at the seminary. Then she stopped after she completed her term. I don’t even know where she went from there.” He looked at the portrait once more and then put it back in his saddle bag. 
“You’d like to find her, though, wouldn’t you?”
Joshua took a long drink from his canteen. “Of course I would. Some days the thought of Amelia is all that keeps me from going insane.”
“I know what you mean. This has been a rough campaign.”
“That it has,” agreed Joshua. He looked up at the star-filled sky overhead, the same sky that covered the Union and the Confederacy. “Wherever Amelia is, I hope she is well and happy.”

Galveston, Texas – April, 1862
Amelia Wilcox inspected the opened packing boxes in her new home. She found her treasures still intact as she searched each box. A small chest caught her interest. She glanced around to see if she was still alone before lifting it out of the packing box. She opened the chest and took out a bundle of letters.
Joshua’s letters. 
Why did he stop writing to me? A familiar ache swelled in her chest. His letters had stopped abruptly when she left school. 
Jo Beth had called on Madame Dumond several times to inquire if there was mail for Amelia. There were never any more letters from Joshua.
Sighing, she put the letters back into the chest and hid them on the floor of her armoire behind her clothes. There was no sense upsetting Clayton. He was a kind man and Amelia knew he loved her. It was not his fault that he wasn’t Joshua.
I should be happy. I’ve got everything women dream of, a kind husband who loves me, and a grand new home of my own. I should be more grateful.
The sound of footsteps in the hallway made her hurry and close the armoire. She turned to face the door in time to see Clayton enter the room.
“There you are.” He walked into their room with a smile.
“You’re home early today. I hope nothing is wrong at the office.”
He took her into his arms. “Nothing is wrong except I missed my bride.” He kissed her gently. “Since the Union blockaded the port we have no business at our shipping office. So I thought, why not come home early and spend some time with you?”
Amelia tolerated his kiss, feeling nothing but a vaguely pleasant sensation. She could not help but compare it to the kiss Joshua had bestowed on her palm. Shivering at the memory, she absentmindedly patted Clayton’s shoulder. 
If only Joshua had kept writing to me. No, you’ve got to get over it. He did not care enough to continue to write. Clayton is your husband. You owe him your loyalty, even if you cannot give him your love.
“Hello? Are you wool-gathering again, my sweet?” Clayton smiled at her. “You silly little girl with your head in the clouds.” He touched her hair as he laughed. 
He was a man of medium height. In her high-heeled boots, she could almost look directly into his eyes.
“I’m sorry, Clayton. I don’t know what is wrong with me these days.”
“It’s all right. You’ve had many changes since our wedding last year. We moved to Galveston and here we are moving again to a bigger house, wears me out to just think about it. It’s bound to distress a sweet little thing like you. Now don’t you fret. We’ll settle in nicely.” He hugged her. “I know we will be happy.”
“I’m certain we will. Do you think the blockade will last much longer?” 
“You don’t need to worry about that. That’s an issue for the man of the house.” He put his arm around her waist and led her to the door. “What has Mariah got for our supper? I’ll wager it will be something good.”
Amelia nodded. “She’s making gumbo. At least we have abundant fresh seafood.” 
“That will take a while to make. How about we take a carriage to the shore and walk along the beach. It’s lovely there. Would you like that?”
“Yes, I would. I’ve been cooped up in the house all day supervising the unpacking.”
“That settles it, then. Get your walking shoes, your hat, and a parasol. You know how forgetful you are.” He touched her cheek. “I don’t want the sun spoiling your beautiful skin.”
“All right, you go ahead. I’ll be along in a few minutes.” She watched him start down the stairs before returning to their bedroom.
Amelia gathered her things for the outing, firmly pushing Joshua from her mind. Clayton, I promise you, no more holding back from you. No more pining for what could never be. I will work to be a good wife.
As she hurried down the stairs she thought of Jo Beth, her best friend and now her sister-in-law. Amelia felt she truly belonged in this family. With her own parents dead, her sister married, this was the only family she had. 
She would relegate Joshua to the past, much as she had put his letters in the back of the armoire. He had not cared enough to contact her again, so good riddance to him. He was out of her life for good.


Chapter Two

Galveston – July 3, 1863

Amelia cradled the tiny head to her breast. Her son had come into the world at 9:27 this morning. By now the afternoon sunlight filtered into the room through the gap in the heavy drapes. She watched in wonder as the baby rooted at her breast while she stroked the peach fuzz on his scalp.
I never knew I could love someone so much. 
“Now there’s a beautiful picture.” Clayton came striding into the room. “You’ve been very busy today.” He leaned down to kiss her cheek. “I’m sorry I was called away.”
“It doesn’t matter, you are here now.” Amelia smiled up at him. “Your son is occupied at the moment.”
Clayton sat on the side of the bed. “He’s as good-looking as his mother.”
Amelia ducked her head. “I think he looks like you.” When the baby finished suckling, she held him out to his father. Long since past her embarrassment in front of Clayton, she took her time tying the bodice of her nightgown closed, too exhausted to hurry.
With great care, Clayton took the child into his arms. “Welcome to the world, Douglas Aaron Wilcox.”
Tears rolled down Amelia’s cheeks, as she watched her husband hold their son. “You’ll be a wonderful father.”
He truly is a good man. I am a fortunate woman. For the first time in her marriage she felt fulfilled. Yet in a small corner of her traitorous mind she still saw Joshua’s face. 
Gettysburg – July 3, 1863
Joshua sat, cradling his broken right wrist. The gunfire had stopped, except for the occasional round as the stragglers were captured or killed. In the absence of gunshots, he could hear the incessant droning of flies. They were everywhere, buzzing in the oppressive heat of the day. The dead, dressed in uniforms of blue, of grey, of indeterminate colors of dyed homespun, lay where they fell, providing a feast for the insects. So many good young men died today. 
“Captain, I’m sorry, but the doctors are all busy in the surgery. It will be awhile before someone can set your wrist.” The woman stood over him, wiped the sweat off her brow and pushed back an errant tendril of gray hair. “I have nothing to ease your pain. There isn’t enough medicine available as it is. It’s being reserved for the surgery. Can I do anything else for you?”
“Can you tell me how Private Olsen is? He’s the young man I brought in with me.”
“He’s in line for surgery. I’m afraid he’s going to lose that leg.”
Joshua nodded in acknowledgement. “Could you help me with one more thing?”
“Of course, Captain, what can I do for you?”
“Could you reach into my pocket? There’s a miniature I’d like to hold.”
She wiped her hands hastily on her blood spattered apron before pulling the miniature out of his pocket. “She’s a lovely girl,” the woman put the portrait into his left hand. “Is she your wife?”
“I hope to marry her one day.” He looked up at the woman’s careworn face. “Thank you, Ma’am.”
She smiled at him. “You’re welcome, Captain.”
“Mrs. Blakely, the doctor needs you!” The voice came from the doorway of the field hospital.
“I’m coming,” she hurried away, leaving Joshua alone.
He sat there and ignored the throbbing of his wrist, lost in the memories of meeting Amelia. They had corresponded back and forth for six months. She had written of her exploits with her best friend. She had written of her excitement at completing her education. With her last letter she had sent him the miniature portrait he held.
He looked at the portrait, thinking of the way she fit in his arms as they danced. He remembered her perfect figure and deep green eyes. Maybe she was not the most beautiful woman in the world, but she seemed so to him. He could not remember anyone else who could even compare.
Why had she stopped writing? There was no explanation, no clue. With the advent of the war, there was no time for him to make inquiries. It was not likely that a Union officer’s query would be answered by a schoolmistress in New Orleans.
Joshua hoped the time would come when he could go to New Orleans and search for Amelia. He looked around at the carnage as far as he could see. 
His insides hollow, he was drained of everything in the shock of battle from the contents of his stomach to the feelings in his heart. Surely the war could not last much longer. He sat and looked at the miniature until the darkness fell and he could no longer see it. Still, he held the portrait. It was his talisman, his good luck charm that traveled with him wherever he went.
After midnight he was finally taken into the field hospital. The doctor, a lean man, stooped from exhaustion, efficiently wrapped his wrist and put his arm in a makeshift sling.
“Leave the wrapping on for about four weeks, Captain. It should be fine as long as you don’t try to flex it too soon. It was a clean break. You’re more fortunate than most.”
Joshua wandered out of the field hospital and toward a campfire in the distance. His path was blocked by dead men and dead horses, bloated from death in the oppressive heat. He made his way with care. In the darkness, the fetid odors of the battlefield were stronger, at times gagging him. As he picked his way through the hellish remains, he gripped the miniature in his good hand, holding on to the sweet memories and hopes it possessed. It was the only thing that kept him from screaming in agony. 

Amelia sat in the rocking chair by the window. The drapes were pulled all the way back allowing moonlight to illuminate her bedroom. Clayton was off on one of his late night excursions. She never asked him what he did on his forays. She did not want to know.
The breeze off the ocean made the sheers flutter gently as she held Douglas. He had fallen asleep after finishing his late night meal. She loved the smell of him, clean baby scent, innocence personified.
She glanced out the window to the moonlit night. Amelia let her head fall back and rested, content in cradling her son. The war, so terrible elsewhere, had not affected them much. There was a blockade of the harbor by the Union, preventing Wilcox Shipping from normal operation. Fortunately, Galveston Island was surrounded by waters teeming with fish. They would not starve no matter how effective the Yankees were with their blockade. Clayton always managed to find food when they needed it.
All in all, the war had not caused her family much harm. She did not care how long it lasted, so long as they were safe.
And Joshua, of course, please let him be safe. I can’t stop thinking about Joshua, even with Clayton’s son in my arms. 
She felt a tear slide down her cheek. Joshua, I wonder where you are.


Chapter 3

Galveston – September, 1864

The slam of the front door as it was thrown open brought Amelia to the upstairs landing.
“Miz Wilcox! Miz Wilcox! We need you. Mr. Wilcox is hurt bad!” The graveled voice sounded like Jeb Tully, one of Clayton’s employees.
She hurried down the staircase in her wrapper, carefully holding a candle to ward off the darkness.
Clayton was lying ashen faced on the settee. Blood covered his shirt in the shoulder area. Amelia barely glanced at the two men standing beside the settee.
“Oh my lord, what happened? Clayton, can you hear me? Clayton?” She put the candleholder on the nearby table and bent over her husband. When he did not answer, she opened his shirt, though her trembling fingers interfered. She found a hole in his upper chest near his shoulder. Fresh blood oozed from the wound.
“Mariah, come here, quickly,” she called. At last she looked at the men.
“Mr. Tully, can you tell me what happened?”
“It was them Yankees, Ma’am. They’ve been coming closer in to shore. Can’t even get a fishing boat past ‘em now.”
“Clayton was out fishing? I don’t understand. Why would he do that?”
Tully looked uncomfortable. “He wasn’t exactly fishing, Ma’am. We went to meet the blockade runners, like we have the last couple of years. We ain’t had a problem before.”
Mariah ran into the room. “Yes, Miz Wilcox?”
“Get me some clean sheets and the shears. Then, put the big soup pot on to boil. We’ll need hot water.”
Nodding, Mariah hurried to do as her mistress requested.
Amelia peered anxiously at her husband’s wound.
“The ball’s not in there. It was a clean shot, through and through. That’ll make it easier for him.” Tully stood respectfully with his hat in his hands.
She put a pillow under her husband as Mariah returned with the sheets. “Give me two of the sheets,” commanded Amelia. “And cut up one into strips long enough to bind his wound.”
Amelia took the folded sheets. One she put under Clayton’s shoulder, while she pressed the other into his wound on his chest. “We’ve got to stop the bleeding.” She held the folded sheet hard to his chest.
Clayton, what have you done? Why did you put yourself in danger?
When the blood flow stopped, Amelia cleaned the wound. Then she wrapped his upper chest and shoulder tightly front and back in the strips of sheet.
“Would you like us to carry him upstairs, Ma’am?” Tully stood with his hat in is hand.
“No, thank you, Mr. Tully, I don’t think we should move him tonight. If you can stop by tomorrow, we will move him then.” She staggered to him and took his hand, as much to find strength as to express gratitude.
“Thank you for bringing my husband home tonight. I can have Mariah make some coffee, if you’d like.”
“Oh, no Ma’am, don’t go to any trouble. We’d just as soon go on home if you don’t need us now.” He pushed his silent companion toward the front door. “We’ll stop by tomorrow and see how Mr. Wilcox is.”
Amelia nodded and turned back to Clayton. He looked small, almost childlike, cramped on the short settee. 
“What else can I do?” Mariah stood in the doorway.
“Do we have any chicken left?”
Mariah shook her head. “We’ve only got the fish Mr. Tully brought us earlier.”
Amelia sighed. “Then make some fish broth. We’ll need to get some nourishment into my husband when he’s awake.”
“Ma’am, I know it isn’t my place to say, but Mr. Wilcox has been buying the food from the runners coming down from New Orleans. There’s not much here on the island anymore.”
“Why didn’t I know about this before?”
“I expect he didn’t want you upset. You’re so busy with little Dougie.”
“Do you think we won’t be able to get enough food?” How could that be? We’ve always had whatever we wanted. Amelia felt the warmth drain out of her body. How would she provide for her family? 
Mariah looked at her for a moment. 
“Ma’am, there’s not much grown on the island. Everything comes up from the valley on the lower coast, or down from New Orleans.”
“We’ll just have to find a way, that’s all there is to it.” Clayton, how could you keep our situation from me? I’m not a child. I could have helped you. 
It didn’t have to get this bad. Blast it, Clayton what have you gone and done? Fear warred with anger as she faced an uncertain future. 

General Grant’s Headquarters
Northern Virginia – September 1864
“Congratulations on your promotion, Major Hawthorne.” General Grant observed him with sharp eyes. “Welcome to my staff.”
“Thank you, Sir.”
The famed general sat behind his makeshift desk. “Your ability to plan strategically is exceptional. You will be of great value at this stage of the war. The Confederates are beaten, but the stubborn fools won’t quit.” He stopped to light a cigar.
“We are laying siege to Petersburg, in preparation for an attack on Richmond. General Sherman is marching into Georgia to take Atlanta. General Meade is marching to Mobile, to take that city and cut off the supply route for the south.”
Joshua nodded. “What are the plans for New Orleans, Sir?”
“New Orleans is effectively bottlenecked by the blockade. Nothing is getting in or out through the Gulf. There are still small boats and skiffs making it through the bayous to ports farther down the coast, but it’s insignificant at best.” He scrutinized Joshua. “Why are you so interested in New Orleans, Major?”
Joshua looked down for a moment before he answered. “A young lady of my acquaintance lives there, at least it’s the last address I had for her.”
Grant smiled. “Ah, now I understand. You are worried about her, of course. Well, Major, the best thing you can do is to help me end this war as soon as possible.”
He nodded in satisfaction. “Then you can look for your young lady. If it will ease your mind, there are no plans to bombard New Orleans or seize it. The blockade is enough.”
“Thank you, Sir. I appreciate the information.” I pray Amelia is safe and waiting for me.
“Now then, let’s look at the battle plans and see if you have any ideas to help spur our victory.” 

Galveston 
“Clayton, your wound is healing well. But I don’t like the sound of that cough.” She poured him a fresh cup of sassafras tea. There was no more coffee. “We have to careful. There are a growing number of yellow fever cases in the area.”
He smiled at her, his face pale and drawn. “Don’t worry so much. You’ve gotten me through the worst of it. I probably just caught a cold that night on the ocean.” He reached across the table and took her hand.
She squeezed his damp hand and returned his smile. “I must admit I was so afraid the night they brought you home. Why didn’t you tell me what you had been doing?”
“There was no need to make a fuss. You have enough to do.”
Amelia sighed. “I wish you had told me. I might have been able to help.” There, there, little darling. I can almost hear him say it. When is he going to realize I’m a grown woman and not a little doll?
He looked at her, his eyes anxious. “No, you couldn’t. I would never put you in such danger. Don’t even think of such a thing.”
She swallowed her anger. It would not help now. “All right, what are we going to do now? We don’t have much food left. The flour is almost gone. We don’t have sugar or eggs. There are no vegetables to be had. How will we live without new supplies?”
“If we must, we can live on the fish and crabs that Tully brings us. It will keep us alive until we can find new supplies.” He wearily wiped his hand across his forehead. “Start gathering our valuables and put them in a safe place.”
“What for?” she asked.
“If supplies do come in, they will cost much more than before. We had best have a stockpile of items to sell or barter.”
 Concerned about her husband’s fading energy, Amelia felt his forehead. “You’re feverish, Clayton. Why didn’t you say anything? We’d better get you to bed so you can rest.” She helped him to stand and put his arm over her shoulders. 
“It’s nothing, just a cold. I’ll be fine after I get some sleep.” He tried to get up on his own but fell back to the chair, his face grey.
She struggled to get him up the stairs and into their bed. Amelia sat beside him as much as she could. She asked Mariah to tend to Dougie.
Sometime in the night, the fever was much worse. Clayton vomited an ugly black liquid. Amelia froze in horror. Oh dear God, it’s Yellow Jack!
In the candlelight, she recognized what it meant. Yellow fever had come to their home. She heard news of a recent outbreak of the disease in Galveston. It meant more people would die. How could it have come to their home? She had been so careful.
Amelia trembled as she fell to her knees beside the bed. She could not imagine a nightmare worse than this. 
Our Heavenly Father, I know I have not loved my husband like I should. But I have been a good wife to him. Please don’t take my husband. Please, our son needs his father. Let him live and please protect my little boy.


 Chapter 4

Galveston – November 1865

Amelia was hot, sweating in her black dress and widow’s veil in the unyielding sun of the Texas coast. She strode out of the Wilcox Shipping Office. She had booked passage for herself, Dougie, and Mariah to New Orleans. The tickets were purchased with the diamond brooch that Clayton had given her for their first anniversary. It no longer had any meaning for her, if it ever had. It was just a symbol of the empty promises and withheld truth that marked their marriage. Nothing had meaning now except survival. She had no time for emotions. Fiercely determined to protect her child, she would do whatever it took to keep him safe and healthy.
The only thing of value she had left was her grandmother’s ruby ring. She swore that would be the last thing she sold. Amelia told herself it wouldn’t matter if she sold the ring, anyway. She could no longer wear it. Near-starvation had left her too thin. Her finger was so small the ring easily slipped off. Besides, she had long ago accepted that her life was to be one of loss and disappointment.
Faithful Tully waited for her with his buckboard and his old worn-out horse. He helped her into the wagon.
“Did everything go all right, Miz Wilcox?” he asked.
She smiled beneath her veil. “Yes, thank you, Mr. Tully. We’ll be leaving in two days for New Orleans.”
He flexed the reins and the mare jolted forward. “I hear New Orleans is crawling with Yankees now. You’d best be careful. You got family there?”
“My late husband’s mother lives there. I’m certain she’ll take us in. After all, Dougie is her grandchild.” She watched the scenery for a moment. “It has to be better in New Orleans. They must have more supplies, more access to food, now that the Union army is in charge and the blockade is over.”
“What will you do if things are bad there?”
“Then we’ll go on to St. Louis where my sister lives. I know she’d welcome us.”
She patted his arm. “Thank you, Mr. Tully, for all you’ve done. We would never have survived without your generosity.”
“You’re welcome, Ma’am. Mr. Wilcox was a mighty good man. He did a lot for me. I couldn’t let his wife and son starve when things got so rough.” He glanced at her. “It was a shame, him dying like that.”
They pulled up to her once grand home. “Yes, it was.” She did not wait for assistance. She jumped down out of the wagon, anxious to end the conversation. She did not want to voice her opinion of her late husband, did not want to think about him. “Thank you for the ride, Mr. Tully.”
“I’ll come back day after tomorrow to take you all to the docks.” He waved and drove down the drive.
Amelia turned to look at her house. The years had faded the bright paint, just as they had wilted her hopes. The flower garden had died from lack of care. What the heat did not kill, the salt water in the wind did. It looked forlorn and tired, just like she did. Her mirror showed her an older woman these days. The image stunned Amelia with its faded hair and dull eyes, the life and youth bled out of her.
As she entered the house, she ignored the lack of furniture and the ever-present dust. She had sold most of her fancy wedding gifts and clothes to pay for Clayton’s funeral and burial. It cost dearly to bury one of Yellow Jack’s victims, but it was the least she could do for Clayton, no matter how she felt. Most of the fatalities were burned together, their ashes then covered in the communal pit. She could not bear to do that to Dougie’s father.
Piece by piece, Amelia sold or traded the furniture to the blockade runners to pay for their food and other necessities. Now there was nothing left in the house but their beds and three chairs sitting atop neglected floors bare of carpets. The Yankees took almost everything from her by preventing the shipment of food and medicine to Galveston. Her family suffered like everyone else on the blockaded island.
Privately, she felt her soul had disappeared bit by bit as well, betrayed by the love she was taught to expect. Left a burned out shell of a woman, she was incapable of love for anyone but her son. 
Amelia sighed and went upstairs to her bedroom. She hung up her hat on the hook behind the door. One glance in her mirror showed her hair was still in place beneath the homemade black snood she wore. 
Dougie’s giggles floated up to her open window. Leaning out, she saw him run around the backyard under Mariah’s patient supervision. Amelia smiled as she watched her lively young son scamper with such energy. She had worried so much that he would starve, but he thrived.
She walked away from the window. It was time to tell them the good news. Day after tomorrow, they’d leave this empty house with all its sad memories. It was time for change.
Time to begin again and this time, I’ll be in control of my own destiny. No more depending on some man to take care of me or my son. No more believing in love which does not exist. I cannot depend on anyone else. They have all let me down. I will walk this world alone for the rest of my days.


 Chapter 5

New Orleans – December 1865
Wilcox House

“You scheming hussy! You stole my only son and murdered him for his fortune!”
“Mama Wilcox, you’re tired this afternoon. If you’d like to go to bed, I’ll bring your tea up to you.”
Amelia’s once aristocratic mother-in-law lived in the past, unaware that her position in the world had descended from the heights of society to the level of the defeated.
Amelia leaned down to take the old woman’s hand. “Let me help you.”
The harridan spat fully in her face. “Get away from me!” When Amelia recoiled in shocked silence, her vengeful mother-in-law took another opportunity to vent her anger. She grabbed the book on her lap and flung it as hard as she could at Amelia.
The book found its mark, knocking her backward. Only by grabbing a chair did she manage not to fall.
“Get out of my sight, you slut! I order you and your misbegotten mongrel out of my home!”
Amelia stood aghast, her hand over her mouth.
“Leave my room immediately, you bloodthirsty harlot, and keep your little whelp away from me!”
She did not linger, but turned and ran out of the room. Jo Beth met her in the hallway.
“Amelia, I am so sorry about Mother. She’s very confused today.” Jo Beth put her hand on her friend’s shoulder.
Amelia swallowed her tears of humiliation and pain. “I don’t want Dougie exposed to Mama Wilcox when she’s in this mood.”
Jo Beth nodded. “We’ll keep him busy with Mariah.”

Union Headquarters
Major Hawthorne answered the salute of the posted guards as he left the headquarters. General Grant had sent him to New Orleans to gather information about the situation of the occupied city. Joshua smiled as he walked down the bustling street. The General never forgot an important fact. He sent Joshua here to search for the love of his life. Smiling in anticipation, he felt sure he would soon find Amelia. He had waited so long. Now that the war was over, he planned to find her, get married in short order, and begin their life that had been delayed. He had years of things to say, to speak of his feelings that never died.
He hurried to the address of the seminary, where he had sent letters to Amelia. When he arrived, the building was deserted, the windows boarded. Now what could he do? As usual in moments of crisis or indecision, he pulled out the miniature portrait that he always carried. Joshua smiled as he looked at Amelia’s laughing eyes. He brushed his index finger down the length of the tiny likeness. It was so like the Amelia he remembered down to the ruby ring on her hand. In the picture, Amelia posed with her hand at her throat, doubtless to show the ring. 
He glanced around. He would have to go through the packet of letters and locate the name of her best friend. 
It was Jo Beth something. She lived in New Orleans. Maybe she would know of Amelia’s whereabouts. He moved quickly down the sidewalk intent to retrieve the treasured letters at his hotel. 
Joshua stopped to allow a lady to pass, ignoring her outraged sniff as she hurried by. Something glinted in the merchant’s window beside him. He looked in the window and forgot all about the rude woman. There in the window display was a glittering ruby ring, the center stone surrounded by diamonds. 
There could not be two identical rings of that quality. Joshua looked down at the miniature and back at the ring in the window. This had to be Amelia’s ring. He hurried into the jewelry store.
The man at the counter looked up as Joshua entered. “May I help you, Major?”
“Yes, you have a ruby and diamond ring in the window. I want to see it, please.”
The man took the ring from the window and set it on the counter. “This is an exquisite piece. You have excellent taste, Sir.”
“How did you acquire this ring?” asked Joshua. 
“I’m afraid I cannot say.”
“Perhaps the store owner could tell me. Is he here?”
“I am Henri Duchesne. This is my shop.”
“Mr. Duchesne, I am looking for the previous owner of this ring.” Joshua held out the miniature of Amelia. “We are old friends from before the war. I know she was here in New Orleans at one time. Is she still?”
Duchesne looked at the miniature and then at Joshua. “Very well, Mrs. Wilcox sold me this ring yesterday.”
Wilcox! That was the name of Amelia’s friend. Surely she is here staying with Mrs. Wilcox. 
“I would like to buy the ring to return it to its rightful owner. How much do you want for it?” Joshua concluded the purchase of the ring, paying the quoted price.
When the transaction was done, he put the ring in his pocket with the miniature.
“Now, if you would, please give me the address for Mrs. Wilcox?”
Duchesne smiled at the major. He did not think a Yankee would be so generous. He hadn’t haggled to lower the price. Mrs. Wilcox was a nice woman, who like many, had suffered during the war. “Certainly, Major. The Wilcox home is located at 849 St. Charles Street. It is five blocks down and one street west of here.”
“Thank you for the information.” Joshua walked to the door, eager to be on his way, knowing he would find the woman he loved.
“It’s a pleasure doing business with you, Major. Please come back if I can be of further assistance to you.”
Joshua walked with purpose, swiftly arriving at the Wilcox home. He knocked on the heavily carved door. Certain he would find Amelia at last, his heart raced.
A maidservant answered the door, neatly dressed in black with a freshly pressed white apron and tignon. “May I help you, Sir?”
“Is Mrs. Wilcox at home?”
“Yes, she is, Sir. Who shall I say is calling?”
“Major Hawthorne.”
“If you will kindly wait here, Sir, I will see if Mrs. Wilcox is accepting callers.” She started to close the door. A toddler with blond curls peeked around her skirt. 
He scooted out the door and slapped Joshua’s knee as hard as he could. “Damn Yankee!” he shouted, as he scurried back inside the house. The door closed behind him.
Well, that was quite a welcome. Joshua rubbed his knee where the small hand landed, wondering what his reception would be from Mrs. Wilcox herself. He could hear the murmur of voices coming from inside the house. He straightened his posture, ready to smile at the woman who could lead him to his beloved.


 Chapter 6

Amelia froze in the middle of a crochet stitch. “Who did you say is calling, Mariah?”
“A Yankee major, Ma’am. He said his name is Major Hawthorne.”
Amelia looked at Jo Beth. “Do you suppose it’s Joshua? What should I do?” Her heart drummed a staccato beat in her throat. Goodness, what a morning. First her demented mother-in-law spit on her and accused her of murdering Clayton. Now Joshua Hawthorne had come to call.
Jo Beth rose and moved to Amelia. “You should receive him, of course. I think he’s come all the way to New Orleans to see you.”
Amelia resisted Jo Beth’s extended hand and remained seated. “We don’t know why he’s in New Orleans. He is in the Union army. Surely he’s here on government business.” I don’t think I can see him today. What would I say to him? Why did he have to turn up now?
Jo Beth allowed no refusal. She pulled Amelia up from the chair. “You won’t know until you see him.”
“How does he even know my married name?”
Jo Beth pushed her gently forward. “Why don’t you ask him?”
“But he stopped writing. I . . .”
“Go see him. You know you’ll regret it if you don’t.”
“But I look so bad, so old and tired.”
“You look fine,” Jo Beth pulled her to the doorway. “Don’t keep the man waiting.”
Amelia smoothed the skirt of her plain black dress. It’s all right for my sister-in-law to say I look fine. What will Joshua think? Will he even recognize me? She stiffened her backbone and lifted her chin. It doesn’t matter what he thinks. I am through with love.
She started to the door when Mariah stopped her.
“Before you see him, Ma’am, I have to warn you. Dougie called him a ‘damn Yankee’ to his face.”
Amelia shook her head. “He gets that from his grandmother. I wish she wouldn’t say such things in front of him. It does not matter. Thank you for telling me, Mariah.”
Amelia waved Mariah aside and opened the door.
“Hello, Major Hawthorne.” She managed to say the word, though she could barely breathe. It is Joshua. How handsome he is still.
Joshua looked surprised but very pleased to see her. His smile was broad, lighting his face, making his blue eyes crinkle. Without hesitation, he wrapped his arms around her. “Amelia, thank God I found you! I didn’t know you’d be here, though I hoped you would. I came to ask Mrs. Wilcox if she knew your whereabouts.” He hugged her tighter still.
Amelia wanted to melt in his arms. It felt so safe. All of the memories, the hopes, and the dreams came flooding back. She wanted him more than she wanted to breathe. No, he will disappoint you again. Remember he abandoned you. She pushed away from him, holding him at arm's length, a frown on her face.
It isn’t right for us to embrace. Too much has happened. I can’t trust him any more than I could trust Clayton. The safety I feel in his arms is just an illusion. I cannot let him trick me. “I am Mrs. Wilcox. Please come in.” 
“I thought Mrs. Wilcox was your friend.” He handed his hat to the maid.
He’s got gray hair at his temples. It looks good on him. 
“I can see how you became confused. I married Jo Beth’s brother, Clayton Wilcox.” She led the way into the formal salon.
“He’s a lucky man.” The smile vanished from his face.
“Please sit down. Mariah will bring us some refreshment. Would you prefer coffee or tea, Major Hawthorne?” Amelia sat opposite from him in the elegant settee.
“Coffee will be fine, thank you.” He sat stiffly, as if they were strangers. 
After all this time and all that’s happened, perhaps we are strangers. There is no telling what he has seen or how many battles he has fought. Undoubtedly he is as scarred by his experiences as I am by mine.
When Mariah left to get the refreshments, Dougie ran into the room. He stopped when he saw Joshua and then ran to his mother.
“Mama! Mama! Damn Yankee!” He pointed his finger.
Amelia gently took his hand. “Douglas, that’s not polite. I don’t care who you’ve heard speak those words. It is wrong to say such things. Tell the major you are sorry.”
The little boy’s lower lip jutted out and he shook his head from side to side emphatically.
“Douglas,” his mother said in a quiet but firm tone. “Major Hawthorne is a friend of mine. He is a good man. Tell him you are sorry.”
“Sorry.” The child spoke in a whisper, his eyes on the floor.
“Now, that’s my good boy.” She took him on her lap. “I’m sorry for my son’s behavior.” She glanced at Joshua. “He repeats everything he hears these days.”
Joshua smiled. “I’ve heard much worse from some of the adults since I’ve come here. It will take time for the people to reunite.”
Mariah came in with a loaded tray and put it on the table in front of Amelia.
“Thank you. Dougie, you run along with Mariah now. I’ll come check on you in a while.” She turned to Joshua. “How do you take your coffee?”
“Black is fine, Ma’am.”
Amelia looked at him in surprise as she held the silver coffeepot. “I think it’s permissible for you to call me by my given name. We have been friends for a long time.” She handed him a cup of coffee.
“Your husband might not like it.”
She looked away. “I lost my husband over a year ago.” 
“I am sorry for your loss,” his voice was appropriately low and serious. His expression was lighter than it had been as his eyes twinkled.
She sipped her coffee. I cannot believe he found me. I wonder why he is here. “Why did you come to New Orleans?”
He looked at her for a moment. “I came to find you.”
Amelia could feel her face warming. Surely that cannot be true. She laughed briefly, a brittle chuckle. “I think you’re teasing me. Did you come on Army business?”
Joshua smiled. “I am here to observe and file a report to General Grant on conditions here.”
“You know him?”
“I’m on the general’s staff. He knew how much I wanted to come to New Orleans as well as the reason why.”
Amelia’s jaw dropped. “You told him about meeting me?”
“Not by name, but he knew there was a certain young lady in New Orleans.”
She put down her coffee cup. “I don’t understand. If you were so interested in my welfare, why did you stop writing to me?”
“I didn’t stop. You didn’t write back.”
“I did not write back because I never received any more letters from you.” Amelia stared at him. How dare he? He never answered my last letter. He is just as deceitful as I thought. It’s a good thing I don’t trust him.
Joshua reached into his pocket and pulled out the miniature. “This came with your last letter to me. I wrote you three more letters after I received it. But you never answered any of them.”
“I didn’t know what to think. I was so hurt when I heard nothing more from you.” Careful, he is a skilled manipulator. I’ve had enough pain, no more not even from the man I love.
He hesitated before responding. “At first I thought the war interfered with the mail and you didn’t get my letters. That’s what I hoped, anyway.” He looked at the miniature. “I carried this with me through all these years. It became my lucky charm.”
“Oh Joshua, I … it’s too late for us. I married someone else.”
“Why would you believe that? You’re no longer married, and we’ve got our whole lives ahead of us.”
Amelia shook her head and refused to look at him. I cannot let him hurt me again. No matter what he tries, I will not allow him too close.
“I brought you something. It’s what helped me find you.” He held out the jeweler’s box. “Please take it.”
“I cannot. It is not proper.” She pushed his hand away.
“Just look at it, Amelia. It isn’t what you think.” He nodded to her when she looked at him. “Please just see what it is.”
She took the box and held it. She contemplated if she should open it. It won’t hurt to look inside.
Amelia opened the box and her hand flew to cover her mouth. Tears filled her eyes as she looked at Joshua. “You shouldn’t have done it.”
“It’s your grandmother’s ring, isn’t it? When I saw it, I knew it was yours. It belongs to you.”
Her tears turned to sobs. “You don’t understand. I had to sell it. We need the money. It’s the only thing I have left to sell. We need to get to my sister’s home in St. Louis.”
Joshua moved to the settee to sit beside her. He pulled her into his arms. “Shhhh, there is no need to cry. I’m here now. I’ll take care of you.”
Oh no, you will not! I’ll not fall into that trap a second time. Amelia fought her way out of his arms and hurried to put some distance between them. “I don’t need your help.” Between hiccups, she balled her handkerchief in her hands. “We’re going to St. Louis. It’s all arranged. My sister wired that she’d be glad to have us.”
She tossed the ring box back to him. “Take it. You paid for it. I don’t want it. I sold it to buy the tickets to St. Louis and pay our expenses en route.”
“Amelia, please let me . . . .” he did not complete the sentence.
“No,” she shouted at him. “I do not need your, or any other man’s help, for that matter. My husband thought I was a china doll to be protected.” She faced him squarely. “He hid the truth from me about our situation until it was too late and left me to clean up the mess. I will never be put in that position again.” Amelia moved to the hallway and picked up his hat.
“As interesting as this afternoon has been, it is time for you to leave, Major.” With a quivering hand, she handed the hat to him. “I am not that girl you remember and can never be again. Too much has happened. Now if you will excuse me, please.” She opened the front door. She waved her hand at the porch and glared at him. “Good day.” 
But inside, she was dying. Please go before I do something foolish I’ll regret, like beg you to stay, and fall into your arms. I have to be strong and think only of my son.
“Very well, Amelia, I will leave.” Joshua towered over her in the doorway. “But this is far from over. You have my word on that.” He barely cleared the threshold when she slammed the door behind him.


 Chapter 7

Amelia regretted her impulse to slam the door behind Joshua, though not much. Jo Beth ran into the hallway.
“Whatever is the matter? Weren’t you glad to see him?” She put her hand on Amelia’s shoulder.
“It is of no consequence. He’s gone now.” Amelia shook off her sister-in-law’s hand and started for the staircase. 
Jo Beth refused to be left behind. “What is it? Did he say something? Was he rude to you?”
Amelia felt tears start to run down her cheeks but she swallowed them back. She wouldn’t shed another tear over Joshua Hawthorne. “He bought my grandmother’s ring from Mr. Duchesne.” Her sobs started in earnest, and she gave up trying to hold them back. “He wanted me to have it.”
“That villain!” declared Jo Beth, unable to hide her smile. “That’s nothing to cry about, is it? What a lovely thing for him to do, especially after all this time. He must truly love you.”
“It doesn’t matter. It’s finished between us and has been for years. I gave up hope when he stopped writing.”
Jo Beth took Amelia’s arm and led her into the family salon. “I have something to tell you.”
Amelia turned to bolt from the room, only to have Jo Beth jump in her way. She faced Jo Beth with her arms crossed tightly. “I don’t want to hear it. I’ve had enough turmoil for one day.” 
“You are going to sit down and listen to me, if I have to hold you down.”
Amelia looked at Jo Beth and sat on the nearest chair. It would be best to let her sister-in-law say what she wanted. “What are you going on about? What can be so important?” Amelia brushed the tears away with an impatient hand.
Jo Beth looked away and paced slowly across the small room. “I have a confession to make.”
“What is it?” Amelia asked, drumming her fingers on the doorframe. 
“Joshua didn’t stop writing to you.”
“That’s what he said, but I couldn’t believe it. Even with the war, correspondence often made it through the battle lines.”
Jo Beth stood in front of Amelia. “I stole his letters.” Jo Beth blew out a relieved breath. “There, I said it. I’ve wanted to tell you for years.” 
Amelia sat and looked up at her sister-in-law, anguish filling her. She could barely breathe for the band of pain constricting her chest. “Why? Why would you do such a thing?” 
“Clayton loved you. While Joshua was on your mind, you dismissed Clayton as a suitor. I wanted my brother to have what he wanted.”
“And what about what I wanted?” Amelia felt the rage building inside as her face began to warm. 
Jo Beth smiled at her. “Can you honestly say you had a bad life with my brother? He treated you well, didn’t he? You bore his son. What more could any woman ask?” “Besides, you only met Joshua one time.” She started to laugh. “You couldn’t love him after only one meeting.”
Amelia’s heart clenched and vomit rose in her throat. She looked at Jo Beth as though truly seeing her for the first time. 
“How could you do that? How could you be so cruel?” She rose and brushed past her sister-in-law. 
“It was for the best. With the war no one knew if you’d ever see Joshua again. He could have been killed or wounded. Clayton was here and he wanted you. Please understand, Amelia.” Jo Beth tried to touch Amelia’s arm.
“Don’t you dare touch me. It is all I can do not to strike you.” Amelia recoiled and glowered at Jo Beth, once her best friend and now her sister-in-law. “You knew how I felt about Joshua. How could you have interfered in my life that way? What gave you the right to decide for me?”
“Don’t be silly. You couldn’t possibly love him. You barely knew him.”
Amelia put a safe distance between herself and Jo Beth, as she tried to control her breathing. What a blind fool I have been. At the doorway, she turned. “You’re the one I barely knew. I must thank you for one thing. I had been reconsidering my plans to take Dougie and move to St. Louis.” She smiled bitterly. “I felt sorry for you to have sole care of your spiteful mother. Now I see that you deserve each other’s company.”
Jo Beth reached out to her. “Amelia, you were happy with Clayton. I know you were. It all turned out well. How can you blame me?”
 “Because it was your fault I lost the love of my life! I was content with Clayton, nothing more. Secretly I pined for Joshua and felt guilty for it. Clayton treated me like some little ninny, incapable of thinking, like another of his possessions. He told me over and over how much he liked having a pretty wife on his arm.” 
She paused, so angry she could not speak. Her fist pressing hard into her stomach, she continued. “He risked his life, our assets, and never told me. Why? Was I too stupid, too much of a fool to deal with such knowledge?”
Tiny beads of sweat popped out around Amelia’s forehead as anger swelled tighter within her. “And what did this little fool do? I cleaned his wounds, nursed him through his last illness and tried to keep my son safe.”
“Amelia, I know it was hard on you . . . .”
“You don’t know anything. There was nothing left in that big house but three beds and three chairs. Clayton was so proud of that place. It’s nothing now and ought to be chopped up for kindling. We survived because I dealt with criminals bent on making themselves rich while overcharging the desperate. I learned never to trust anyone. Thanks to your confession today, that lesson has been reinforced. We will leave day after tomorrow as planned. Goodbye, Jo Beth. We are finished. I will not speak to you again.” She walked out the doorway and did not look back even when she heard her sister-in-law sob and collapse to the floor.

The next day – Union Army Headquarters
Joshua sat and wrote his observations of the conditions in New Orleans. He found it difficult to concentrate on his task, but first and foremost he was a soldier completing his mission. His mind kept going back to his meeting with Amelia. He laid down the quill, and sighed. Perhaps he was too optimistic when he thought he would simply walk in and sweep her off her feet. She had been correct. Time had passed. They had both been changed by events in the ensuing years. 
He grieved for that bright happy young woman he first met on Christmas Eve, who wrote such vivacious letters. The war had changed them both. Only his love for her remained the same. 
“Excuse me, Major Hawthorne.” The sergeant stood at attention.
“Yes, what is it?”
“There’s a lady here named Wilcox who is asking to see you.”
Amelia must have changed her mind. His heartbeat raced faster. He smiled. “Please show her in, Sergeant.” Surely she has relented. Why else would she be here? Joshua stood and brushed off his uniform with shaking hands
“Ma’am, you can go in now.”
The woman who entered was the right age, but she was not Amelia. This one was dark haired.
Joshua frowned in confusion and disappointment. Who is this woman?
“Major Hawthorne, I am Jo Beth Wilcox.” She smiled and extended her hand. “I am happy to meet you at last. I’ve heard so much about you.”
Joshua smiled at her as he took her hand. “I have heard a lot about you and your younger exploits.”
She laughed delightedly. “Yes, I am certain Amelia filled her letters with our pranks.”
He gestured to a chair. “Please sit down, Miss Wilcox.” When he was seated behind the desk he looked at her for a moment. “What can I do for you?”
She looked away from his scrutiny, her expression serious. “I’ve come to talk to you about Amelia.”
“Yes, I thought you might have. Please go on.”
Jo Beth took a deep breath. “I am afraid I have unintentionally hurt both of you.”
“How did you hurt us?” A suspicion began to form in his mind.
“It did not seem so serious to me at the time, but when I told Amelia about stealing your letters, she became furious and now refuses to speak to me. That’s why she never wrote you again.”
His face grew devoid of all expression as he looked at her with hooded eyes. He could scarcely believe any woman would do such a thing. Joshua fought to keep his irritation in check.
“I just wanted my brother to have her. He loved her so much. She thought of him as a friend or perhaps an older brother. With you out of the way, he was able to persuade her to marry him.” 
“Why are you moved to confess to me at this time? If you think I will intercede for you with Amelia, I will not.” His voice was cold, all pretense of friendliness gone.
Jo Beth shook her head. “I wouldn’t expect you to help me. It’s about Amelia, she was not happy with my brother. I never realized it. She never wrote about what she went through with him.”
“They did not remain here in New Orleans?”
“No, my father was still living then. He sent Clayton to open a second office of our shipping company in Galveston, Texas. Father thought with the outbreak of the war, we would be better able to ship goods from Galveston rather than New Orleans. He never expected the Union to blockade Galveston as they had New Orleans. Clayton and Amelia spent the war years there.”
“I’ve heard conditions were bad in Galveston.”
“Yes, apparently so, according to what Amelia has told me. Food was scarce and medicine was unavailable. Clayton was wounded. While he healed from the wound, there was a yellow fever epidemic. He caught it and died.”
“How was he wounded?”
“Yankees shot him when he met the blockade runners to buy food.” Jo Beth shared the whole story of Amelia’s war years on Galveston.
Joshua pictured Amelia in an empty house, all the furnishings gone. No wonder she didn’t trust anybody. “I am sorry that she had to suffer. She didn’t deserve what happened.” He glared at Jo Beth. “Why are you telling me this now? What do you expect me to do?”
“They leave tomorrow on the Dixie Queen for St. Louis. She is going to live with her sister. Don’t let her go alone. It isn’t safe for her.” Jo Beth rose from the chair. 
He stood and towered over her, his arms crossed over his chest. “Why should I believe anything you say, considering what you have just admitted?”
“It was not easy to come here and tell you the truth. You can scarcely think I would put myself through this ordeal for fun. Besides, Major Hawthorne, she’s worth the battle it will take to win her.”
“I’ve always thought so.” He looked at the woman whose actions had derailed his careful plans made so long ago. “What will you get out of this?”
“I will have the chance to see the wrong I did made right. Truly, I want her to be happy, whether she speaks to me again or not. Please, go after her.” 
“I’ll consider it.”
“Thank you for seeing me,” she murmured. With a nod, she hurried out of the room.
He could hear her being escorted out of the building. The swish of her silk skirts was accompanied by the sound of booted footsteps that faded down the hallway.
Joshua swallowed his anger at what she had done. Whatever had happened was in the past. Now he had one chance to save the woman he’d loved for so long. There was no time to be angry. There were plans to be made and a wire to be sent to General Grant’s headquarters.


 Chapter 8

Aboard the Dixie Queen – December 6, 1865

Amelia fought to hold on to Dougie, as he pulled her to the railing. 
“Mama, look!” He was thrilled at the sight of the water rushing through the paddle wheel as it churned a foamy wake. 
She held his hand securely and bent down to his level. “You must be very careful on the boat. If you fall into the water, you could be hurt. Hold on to Mama’s hand.”
“That’s sound advice.” A deep, familiar voice spoke behind her.
Amelia turned to find Joshua standing by the entryway. “What are you doing here?” Thrilled to see him and yet so angry he would try to interfere, she remained motionless. Confused, her mouth sagged open like a fish exposed to the air.
“I have urgent business in St. Louis. I was fortunate to find accommodations on a riverboat so quickly.” 
She regained her senses and looked at him with a raised eyebrow. “What business could you possibly have in St. Louis?” How dare he stand there and look so satisfied. He’s up to something.
He smiled at her. “I have government business.”
“Are you following me?”
“Mrs. Wilcox, I think you doubt my word.” He leaned toward her. “I can assure you, I am here on the direct orders of General Grant.”
“Humph.” She could find no way to argue with that. Perhaps it was just coincidence. On the other hand, how could she be sure he even knew General Grant?
Joshua grinned as bent down to Dougie. “Hello, when we met before we were not properly introduced.” He held out his hand. “I am Joshua Hawthorne. What is your name?”
The little boy slapped Joshua’s hand. “Dougie!” he shouted cheerfully.
Amelia looked at Joshua. “His name is Douglas, but we call him Dougie.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Dougie. I hope you’ll be my friend.”
The boy shook his head from side to side. “You damn . . . .” he looked at his mother. “You Yankee, not friend.”
“I hope I can make you change your mind. Your mama is my friend. I hope you will be, too.”
Mariah walked up to them. “The stateroom is ready, Miz Wilcox. The bags are there.”
Amelia turned, anxious to leave. “Major Hawthorne, I wish you a pleasant journey. Come along, Dougie. We’ll come back to watch the water later.” She hurried her small entourage away, putting distance between them and Joshua.
Amelia could feel his gaze boring into her back as she walked away. Drat the luck. He would have to pick the same vessel on which she traveled to St. Louis. It was almost as if he planned it. But he couldn’t possibly. How would he have known? She shook her head as they entered the inside corridor. 
I wonder if Jo Beth had a part in him being aboard. She better not be involved this time. She’s meddled in my life once too often as it is. If I find out this is her work, I’ll personally go back to New Orleans and wring her interfering neck.
Amelia stood at the entrance to the well-appointed dining saloon. It appeared safe enough. Still, as a woman alone, she felt uncomfortable among the crowd of strangers. 
She looked around the room, unsure of where she should sit. The steward was across the large chamber speaking to a table of passengers.
As she hesitated, a strange man approached her. “Are you lost?” he asked, his smile too assured, his clothing too rich. He stood with one hand in the pocket of his elaborate silk waistcoat. He held out his other hand. “I’m Logan Matthews. And who are you?”
“Mrs. Wilcox, forgive me for being late.” Joshua appeared at her side and took her arm. “We have a table assigned to us. If you’ll allow me, I will escort you.”
“Now just a minute,” Matthews protested. “Perhaps Mrs. Wilcox would prefer to dine with me.”
“No, thank you,” Amelia spoke softly. “Major Hawthorne and I have a previous engagement.”
Joshua smiled and led her to a table in the far corner. He helped Amelia to her chair.
She looked at him. “Thank you for intervening. Mr. Matthews reminded me of the blockade runners in Galveston.” 
“He might have been one. There have been rumors of him recently. I heard he is making quite a name for himself at the gaming tables these days.”
Amelia sighed. “It seems I can’t escape men like him.”
“Don’t worry, you are safe with me. Let me escort you during our voyage. It will keep him and the others like him from you.”
“I’m not certain it is wise to spend so much time with you.”
He looked at her, his expression serious. “I would never hurt you or force you to do anything. All I offer is my service as an escort while we’re on this journey. You have my word of honor.”
Amelia glanced at their surroundings. She saw Logan Matthews staring at her from his table with a cheroot between his teeth and a glass of whisky in his hand. His sly grin broadened as he raised his glass in salute to her. She turned her head away.
Joshua is correct. I don’t want to be bothered on the trip. From the look of Mr. Matthews he is a man who goes after what he wants. I would be foolish to reject Joshua’s protection when it is so freely offered.
“Thank you, Major Hawthorne. I will accept you as my escort.” 
“You’re making a wise choice, Mrs. Wilcox. I promise not to bite.” His eyes sparkled as he smiled.
“It is best that you keep that promise. I would hate to have to toss you overboard or demonstrate my prowess with a gun.” Thank goodness I have Clayton’s Deringer.
“I will remember your warning, Ma’am.” 
The steward arrived to give them the dinner menu and take their drink orders. 
Amelia relaxed for the first time that she could remember. The dining saloon glittered with chandeliers and gilt fixtures. The aroma of rich food overwhelmed her at first. It had been so long since she was presented with such abundance from which to select. 
The soft glow of candlelight mingled with the hushed conversation of the passengers and the accompaniment of the small orchestra, mesmerizing her with familiar opulence.
Her throat tightened at being able to experience such luxury once more, if only for a few days. When they had eaten their fill of the excellent dinner, Amelia sighed comfortably. I had forgotten what life could be like, away from war and hunger. Across the table, she saw Joshua looking intently at her. “Is something wrong?”
He shook his head. “No, it’s just that I’m glad to see you look so happy, so relaxed.”
“I am rested. I’ve enjoyed this evening very much. But I must return to my child soon.” 
Joshua rose from his chair. “I will escort you back to your cabin and see you safely inside. But first would you like a brief turn about the deck? It’s a beautiful clear night.” He offered his arm to her.
“That would be lovely.” She took his arm. As they walked out she saw Logan Matthews staring after them. Instinctively, she moved closer to Joshua.
The starlight shimmered on the water. The night was crisp, cool, with the promising nip of winter soon to come. Joshua led her to the railing. They stood side by side watching the occasional lights from shore.
Amelia remembered making this same journey before the war. There had been an abundance of lights sparkling from the great houses onshore. She shivered beside him, as she wondered if those houses still stood in the darkness. The enormity of her own losses slammed into her. 
So much was gone from the war, her husband, her home, and the man who was her soul mate. She could not believe Joshua stood beside her as if he would never leave. Could she trust him? Did she want to? Heaven help me, I do.
“Are you cold?” he asked.
“Just a little, I’ve grown used to the heat of Galveston. I’ll have to get reacquainted with cold weather.”
He put his arm around her and drew her close. “I’m certain you will adapt easily to any situation.” He turned her face to his.
Drawn to him by the warmth of his strong body and her memories of him, she did not object. Is he going to kiss me? I hope he is, just to get it over with, certainly.
Joshua stared down at her for what seemed to her to be a long time. Gently he cupped her face with his big hand. He leaned down until their noses nearly touched.
She swayed even closer to him and closed her eyes.
He patted her cheek. “It’s time I saw you to your cabin. Dougie will wonder where you are.” 
She opened her eyes and glared at him. What? Why he just teased me!
Joshua offered his arm and led her to the inside corridor. When they reached her cabin, he unlocked the door for her and stood aside to let her pass.
“Goodnight, Mrs. Wilcox. I will see you in the morning.” He bowed and shut the door behind him. “Remember to lock the door,” he called from the corridor.
She locked the door as she listened to him walking away from her door. Drat the man, why didn’t he kiss me? Not that I really wanted him to, of course. It would merely satisfy my natural curiosity....


Chapter 9

Dougie played aft on the deck. “Mama, look!” He spun the small carved wooden top on the planks of the deck.
“Be careful, don’t get in anyone’s way.” Amelia smiled fondly at her son. He doesn’t seem to be marred by our years in Galveston. I’m glad he’s too young to remember how hard it was.
She sat with him on the broad apron of the deck near the paddle wheel. 
“Good afternoon, Mrs. Wilcox and Dougie.” Joshua walked around the curving deck to stand beside her chair. “Do you like the top, Dougie?”
“Yeah, it’s fun.” The little boy laboriously wrapped the top’s neck with string and then jerked the string which set the top spinning. His giggles accompanied the sounds of the gurgling water coming off the paddle wheel.
“You caught on to that very quickly.”
Dougie nodded as he watched the top slow its whirling movement.
Joshua moved to the deck chair opposite Amelia, keeping Dougie between them. “How are you today, Mrs. Wilcox?”
She smiled at him. “I am well, thank you.” I shouldn’t even be talking to you after that trick you pulled last night. I’ll not be that gullible again. You made me think you wanted to kiss me. I’ll be civil to you, but only for my son’s sake. “Dougie is very happy with the top. Thank you for giving it to him.”
“A little boy needs his toys. I am glad to help out.”
She watched her son. Boys need toys, indeed. I’m not going to be your toy, Joshua. No matter what you may think. 
They passed the afternoon on the deck keeping watchful eyes on the rambunctious tot. Soon the sun started its downward trip dropping toward the horizon. 
Amelia shaded her eyes and looked to the western bank. “We’d better go in soon, it’s grown chilly.”
“No, Mama! I want to stay here!”
“Don’t take that tone with me, young man.” Amelia stood and held out her hand to her son.
Dougie ignored her and spun the top once again.
“Dougie, stop that this minute and come to Mama.”
“No!” he bellowed with the force of an intractable toddler. When she reached for him, he ran in the opposite direction, toward the railing. 
Joshua jumped up from the deck chair, and grabbed the boy, swinging him up on his shoulder. “Let me give you a ride.”
“Thank you.” Amelia bent to retrieve the forgotten top. Perhaps he’s not so bad after all. At least he’s good with children.
“Well now,” a snide voice intruded. “Isn’t this a cozy little scene.” Logan Matthews stood with a wily grin as he looked from Joshua to Amelia. “I had no idea the two of you were such close friends, spending the day together in domestic tasks such as tending to the little tyke.” He puffed on his ever present cheroot. “Is the boy yours, Major? He’s got the look of you.”
Amelia could feel her face heat. “Douglas is the son of my late husband.” 
“How long as the poor unfortunate man been gone?”
“That’s none of your affair.” Amelia was barely able to keep the annoyance out of her voice. He couldn’t possibly know I loved Joshua even as I was married to Clayton. Just calm down, such rude behavior does not deserve answers.
“It looks to me like it’s the major’s affair, hey Hawthorne?”
Joshua carefully handed Dougie to his mother. “I didn’t realize you started drinking so early in the day, Matthews. It explains your boorish behavior. I suggest you apologize to Mrs. Wilcox and be on your way.”
Matthews looked Joshua up and down as if calculating his chances against the taller man. “I am sorry, if I have given offense, Mrs. Wilcox.” He lifted his hat in salute. “Have a pleasant evening, Ma’am.” With a final glare at Joshua, he turned and walked into the inner corridor.
“Are you all right?” Joshua glanced at Amelia.
She blew out a breath. “I don’t think I’ve ever met such a rude man. Even the blockade runners were usually polite, especially if you had something good to trade.”
Joshua took Dougie into his arms. “I’ll take him back to your stateroom. He must be getting heavy for you to carry.” He offered his free arm to her.
Amelia took it gladly. She could carry her son without difficulty, but it was pleasant to allow Joshua to help this time.
“Matthews won’t have much luck at the card tables this evening if he doesn’t sober up before nightfall.”
“I thought they played all day on these boats.”
“They do. He’s probably losing, that’s why he came out on the deck.”
“I hope he has good luck tonight, so we won’t have to see him. Here we are.” Amelia took the key out of her reticule and unlocked the door.
Dougie drooped, asleep on Joshua’s shoulder. 
She reached for her son. “I’ll put him to bed for a while. He missed his nap today.”
“Will I see you later for dinner?”
She tucked her son into his cot. “I think I’ll eat in here with Dougie tonight. I’ve given Mariah some free time. She’s always such a help. I like to ease her responsibilities from time to time.”
“I understand.” Joshua took her hand. “Be very careful if you go out. If you need me, send for me.”
“I will thank you.” She closed the door after him. When he’s kind like this, I wish we could be together. He reminds me of the night we met…But he’d turn on me like they all do. I can’t trust men. I’m better off on my own. Amelia sighed. Part of me will always want Joshua. 

Amelia looked at her sleeping child. At last, she could get out of the cabin. “Mariah,” she whispered, “I’m going out on deck for a few minutes. I hate to be cramped in here. I need some fresh air.”
“Do you want me to fetch Major Hawthorne for you?”
“No, that’s not necessary. I’ll only be gone a few minutes. There’s no need to bother the major.”
“Miz Wilcox, be careful. There’re some bad men on this boat. It doesn’t take long to get into trouble.”
“I’ll be careful. If I see anybody out there, I’ll come right back. Don’t worry about me.” Amelia wrapped her woolen shawl around her shoulders and slipped out the door.
She looked up and down the corridor and didn’t see anyone. When she got to the outer doors, she looked out at the deck. No one was in sight. Satisfied, she walked to the deck railing and took a deep breath of the crisp air. All her life she had lived in houses in which she could open her bedroom windows. Even in the coldest weather, she opened the window a bit to enjoy the fresh air. It helped her to sleep.
Amelia stood facing the water, her hands spread wide apart on the deck railing.
As she looked at the stars, big hands suddenly wrapped around her waist and drew her backward against a hard body. A pleasant tingle shot through her until the smell of whiskey assaulted her nose. She struggled against her captor.
“Well, Miz Wilcox,” Logan Matthews slurred the words, clearly the worse for strong drink. “Imagine meetin’ you here. It’s fate, it has to be. The tables have been unlucky for me all day today. I mus’ be lucky in love…”
Amelia twisted in an attempt to break his hold. “What do you think you are doing?” she demanded.
“Gettin’ some of that sweetness of yours. Told myself when I first saw you I’d have you.” He turned her around and kissed her wetly on her cheek.
She turned her head away at the last minute otherwise his disgusting lips would have claimed hers. 
She pushed at him and only succeeded in making him hold her tighter.
“No, you ain’t gonna get away. Come on, girlie, you know what’s what. You been married and had a man between your legs a few times, anyway. What’s the harm? Doncha like me as well as that stuffy major?”
Amelia pushed with all her strength but it was not enough. “Let me go! I have a pistol and I will shoot you!”
Matthews guffawed. “Honey, I like ‘em feisty.” He ran his hands over her body as he held her pinned against the rails. “The thing is with a gun, you need to have it on you.” His hands rudely cupped her breasts through the black bombazine fabric of her dress. “I can tell you ain’t got a gun, less you got it strapped to your thigh.” He reached down and put his hand under her skirt and petticoats.
She grimaced as his sweaty hand landed on her inner thigh above her stocking and moved upward. 
“Where is that gun, baby doll? Is it in here?”
Amelia felt her stomach revolt at his touch. She wanted to faint as his hand moved higher. She shut her eyes tight against the inevitable.
Suddenly and inexplicably, his hands were gone. 
His body no longer pressed against hers. She opened her eyes in confusion.
Joshua held Logan Matthews by the scruff of the neck. “Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t throw you overboard,” the major roared.
Matthews started to giggle. “You ain’t gonna do nothing like that. Know all about you. Saw in the papers you were a hero at Gettysburg, saving your men while you were wounded. You carried that one man off the battlefield even though you were hurt.”
“You ain’t gonna tarnish your record.” He batted ineffectually at Joshua, all the while laughing hysterically. “I know your kind…” He twisted against the major. “She’s your weakness. I can see it. She’s your tell…”
Joshua punched the gambler in the face and let him fall to the deck.
“You broke my nose, you good for nothin’ bastard!” Matthews cupped his hands over his face as the blood poured out through his fingers.
“You’re lucky that’s all I did.” Joshua turned to look at Amelia. 
Amelia trembled uncontrollably. She tried to speak but the words wouldn’t form. Tears started down her cheeks. Sobbing, she moved into Joshua’s waiting arms. 
He held her safe and secure against his warm chest. “It’s all right, cry as long as you need.” 
An officer strode out of the doors, followed by a crewman. “What’s going on here?”
“He broke my nose!” whined Matthews, pointing a shaky finger at Joshua.
“He attacked Mrs. Wilcox. I had to stop him.”
The officer looked at the combatants. He bent and dragged Matthews to his feet.
“You’ve been warned about this before. We’ll see what the Captain has to say.” He handed Matthews off to the burly deckhand. “Mrs. Wilcox, I am truly sorry this happened. Please let me know if you need anything. Goodnight, Ma’am, Major.” With a nod, the officer left the area.
Joshua held Amelia tighter. “Are you all right?”
Her sniffles diminished, she nodded. “I only stepped out for a moment. I looked before I came out here. There was no one in sight.”
She pulled back and looked up at him, backlit by the moon. “Thank you, Joshua. I’m so grateful you found me in time.”
“It’s what any proper escort would do.” He smiled down at her.
Amelia could feel the warmth of his smile coursing through her body. Without a pause, her arms reached up around his neck and pulled his face to hers. She stretched to her full height and kissed him, gently at first. 
I’m home, truly . . . why didn’t I do this long ago?
Joshua took command of the kiss and deepened it, pulling her tightly against his hard muscular frame.
Oh yes, yes! Shivers ran up and down her willing body as she pressed as close to him as possible. I belong with him. I always have…oh Joshua, don’t stop, please don’t ever stop…
Amelia was not aware of the passing minutes or the cold. She clung to him matching him kiss for kiss.
Finally, he pulled back. “I’d better get you back inside. You’ll freeze out here.” His voice, rough as gravel moved down her spine and made her shiver.
“I’m not cold, not a bit.” Amelia’s voice was barely a whisper.
He broke away from her to recover her discarded shawl and gently wrapped it around her shoulders. “Better?” he asked.
“No,” She pulled his face down once more and kissed him. “That’s better…”
Joshua grinned at her when their kiss ended. “If I don’t get you back to your cabin soon, we run the risk of being put off the boat, along with Matthews.”
“We can’t have that.” Her tone teased him. “We’ve got to get reacquainted and have only ten more days onboard.”
He laughed aloud, his voice sending pleasant quakes down her body.
Her delighted laughter joined his, surprising them both.


Chapter 10

Port of Vicksburg

Amelia breathed deeply of the cool, crisp air. In spite of the incident with Logan Matthews, she slept well last night for the first night in a long time. She looked at Joshua by her side, so handsome in his uniform, even if he was a Yankee. 
It feels right to be here with you. Eagerly, she faced the day.
Joshua turned to her. “I’ve been meaning to ask you about your maiden name. You’re the first St. John I’ve ever met. Did you grow up in the south?”
“No, I spent my childhood in Connecticut. My great-grandfather was from England. He fought for the colonies during the Revolutionary war.”
“He sounds like a true patriot.”
“His English family didn’t agree. His older brother was a duke. They didn’t support my great-grandfather’s decision. So we’ve never met that branch of the family. They want nothing to do with their American relations.”
She looked down at the frantic action below. Crowds of people churned in a huge mass on the dock, all begging to be taken aboard the Dixie Queen. 
One man broke through the deckhands guarding the boarding ramp. He made it halfway up to the boat only to be caught and tossed into the water.
“Goodness,” Amelia turned away from the sight. “Why are they all so desperate to board this boat?”
Joshua wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her close. “Vicksburg citizens had a hard time during the siege. They still haven’t recovered. Many of the houses were destroyed during the bombardment. People want to move elsewhere.”
She looked away. “I know what it’s like to worry how you’ll feed your family,” she murmured.
“I heard Galveston had it bad, too.”
Amelia turned her face back to the scene on shore. “We managed. We were able to live on fish and crabs. Some of my late husband’s men were still loyal to him. They shared what they caught with us. I’m thankful to them. We wouldn’t have made it without their generosity.”
She took another deep, calming breath. The odor of the dank mildewed wood of her once grand house drifted in the air. It reminded her of decay, the death of her girlish dreams. 
“I heard the people of Vicksburg had to eat their horses, their dogs, even the vermin to stay alive.” She shuddered at the thought. “At least we had it better than that.”
Joshua pulled her closer. “I’m so glad I found you.”
Amelia leaned toward him, touching her cheek his shoulder. She smiled as his epaulet tickled her skin.
A sharp sound rang out from the docks. Joshua ducked, tugging Amelia down with him. 
As she fell to the deck, Amelia heard a high-pitched whine close to her. Time stopped, freezing the action in her confused mind. A second later, the crowd below erupted into screams and scattered, running in hysteria to safety. From her seated position, Amelia looked around. “What was that?” 
Joshua held her close, studying their surroundings for more menace. “Are you all right?”
“I’m fine, just a little shaken. I heard a loud noise near my face.”
He gripped her chin in his hand, and turned her face gently, examining her for injury. His eyes darkened as they slid over her face. “Can you stand?”
The expression on his face frightened her as her cheek began to sting. “Of course, I can. What’s wrong?”
He got to his feet and pulled her up with him. “Keep low.” He led her away from the railing and into the interior of the boat.
Once inside, he stopped one of the stewards. “Mrs. Wilcox has been injured. Do you have a doctor aboard?”
“No, Sir, he left the ship when we docked.”
“Bring some linens and sulfur powder to her cabin. She’s been grazed by a bullet. Someone shot at her from shore.”
“Right away, Sir.” The steward hurried off in the direction of the crew quarters.
What does he mean I have been shot? That is ridiculous…Amelia touched her face where it burned. “What the…” Her fingers were red and sticky with blood.
“Don’t touch it.” Joshua gently moved her hand away from her face. “Let me tend to it first.”
She pulled back as he led her along the corridor. “Mariah can take care of it.”
He moved on, never pausing, toward her cabin.
“Besides, who would want to shoot me? Surely it was an accident.”
They arrived at her cabin door. He opened it and let her enter first.
“Miz Wilcox,” asked Mariah, “what happened to your face?”
Amelia tossed her gloves and reticule on one of the chairs. “Major Hawthorne thinks I was shot, but he must be mistaken.” She picked up her hand mirror from the bureau. As she studied the wound on her cheekbone, Joshua’s reflection appeared behind hers.
“It should heal well. Looks like you were just grazed. If you had moved your head an inch to the left, the shot would have been lethal.”
Oh dear Lord, I could have been killed. She sat down quickly on the nearest chair, her legs no longer able to support her. With the evidence before her, she could not deny her wound. “But why would anyone want to shoot at me?”
The steward returned with the cloth and the sulfur powder. He gave them to Mariah and left the cabin.
“Please bring me the cloth soaked in water and soap, Mariah.” Joshua gently took Amelia’s hand. “Whoever fired the gun could have shot at random.” 
Mariah hurried back with a damp cloth, liberally lathered with soap.
He stooped to wash the blood off Amelia’s cheek. “Or it might well have been meant for me.” He reached for the sulfur to treat the wound. "This might sting a bit."
Amelia watched his face as he worked. “You mean they might have shot at you because of your uniform?”
He frowned in concentration. “It could be. Union soldiers aren’t popular these days anywhere in the south. But the good people of Vicksburg have even more reason to hate the sight of us.”
She sat still as he applied a dusting of the sulfur powder. In the awful days at the end of the war, she was angry at the Union, too. 
But mostly she was angry at Clayton for putting her in such danger. Joshua looked so serious, so determined not to hurt her, she could not help but smile.
“I’m almost through.” He applied more of the powder and handed the cloth to Mariah. “There now, please help Mrs. Wilcox clean up.” He started for the door.
“Where are you going?” I don’t want you to leave. In the aftermath of her shocking wound, she quivered at the thought of being vulnerable without his protection.
“I won’t be long.” He stroked the unmarked side of her face. “You’re in safe hands. It’s best to get information while the memories of the witnesses are fresh.” 
As requested, Mariah helped Amelia freshen up, and change her dress. By the time Joshua returned, Amelia had calmed somewhat. She sat in a chair, holding Dougie on her lap, playing finger games with him, while he chuckled.
“Major!” cried Dougie as he scrambled down to the floor. He ran to Joshua. “Pony Ride,” he demanded with his arms extended.
“Certainly, Mr. Wilcox.” Joshua smiled as he put Dougie on his back. “Hold on tight.” He moved around the limited space, bouncing little boy and making him giggle.
Joshua swung Dougie down into his arms. “All right, the pony is tired for now. It’s time to get down.” 
“No, I want to ride some more.”
“Dougie, you can ride some more later. The major and I need to talk now. Mariah will take you to get some milk and cookies. Would you like that?”
He went to Mariah with a big smile and took her hand. She led him out the door.
When the door closed behind them, Amelia looked at Joshua. “What did you learn, anything of use?”
“Not much. There was widespread panic and confusion. The mob fled in all directions. One of the deckhands said he saw a man fire the shot. But the man’s back was to him. He didn’t see the man’s face and couldn’t identify him. The man slipped away into the crowd.”
“What do you think?”
“It could just be someone angry enough to take a shot, maybe try to slip aboard in the confusion. But nobody came aboard during the pandemonium.” He frowned. “But it could be someone aiming at you or at me. It could be Matthews attempting to get his revenge.”
“But surely he’s in jail.”
“I am sorry to tell you this, but they only put him ashore. He wasn’t taken to the authorities.”
Amelia felt her mouth drop open in surprise. “Why would they do that? He attacked me.”
Joshua nodded. “Yes, he did, but it’s your word against his. Nobody witnessed the early part of the confrontation. In such cases the usual procedure is to ban someone like that from ever boarding a boat of the line. Word will spread to the other steamboats on the river. He won’t be able to gamble on the river if they know who he is.”
“It makes sense he would come after us. He thinks we ruined his livelihood.” Amelia looked up at Joshua. “We could be in serious danger.”
He pulled her to her feet and enfolded her in his warm embrace. “I will protect you and Dougie. Matthews will have trouble getting all the way to St. Louis. We will travel faster than he can on land.”
Amelia snuggled in his warm arms. “Thank you, but you cannot always be with us.” She pulled back from him. “I want you to teach me how to fire Clayton’s gun.” 


Chapter 11

Deck of the Dixie Queen

Amelia focused her complete attention on Joshua.
He stood before her with Clayton’s pocket pistol in his hand. This is a Philadelphia Deringer pistol, so named for its inventor, Henry Deringer.”
 Amelia smiled at him. “I’m impressed. You know your subject.”
He smiled back at her. “I’m not sure the men under my command would always agree with that statement.”
The wind whipped around them as the steamboat traveled up the river. Amelia tucked a stray curl back into the snood she wore. “Please continue. I’m eager to test my knowledge.”
“Remember, as we discussed, you have to ram the first of two percussion caps down the barrel.” He sure hands completed the task. 
Joshua took aim at the water beyond the paddlewheel. “Then you fully cock the hammer, and fire.”
The small gun expelled the smoke from the percussion cap with a loud noise.
Amelia did not grimace, though she was astonished at the amount of noise the pistol made.
Joshua cleaned the barrel and handed the gun to her. “Now, we have to fire one more percussion cap to make sure the barrel is free of debris.” He handed her the tiny ramrod.
She stood looking from the gun to the ramrod, not sure what to do next.
His tone was patient, that of a good teacher with a favored pupil. “What is the first thing you do when you handle the gun?”
Her heart sped up at first. She looked into his eyes. The calm blue drew her in, helped to focus. “Oh, you make sure the hammer is fully closed.” She thumbed the small device and found it closed.
“Very good, don’t ever forget that. Otherwise the gun might go off before you are ready to fire.”
Amelia nodded and took the percussion cap from his outstretched hand. Frowning in concentration, she pushed the small cap down the tiny barrel and drove it into place. She looked up at Joshua.
“Very good, now what do you do?”
“I pull the hammer back to its open position and fire.” She turned and faced the open water. With little hesitation, she fired, jerking backward in surprise at the recoil that she felt through her wrist and arm.
“Even these small pistols have a kick to them. You’ll become accustomed to it as you practice. Now we are ready to load your weapon.” He took the gun back. “Let me show you how it’s done.”
He poured a bit of black powder down the barrel. “Be sure to pour only a small amount, about what I used just now.” He glanced at her, making sure she was following along.
“Yes, I understand.”
“It’s best if you load this before you need it. In the panic of a bad situation, anyone holding the firearm can be injured if isn’t properly prepared.”
Amelia sighed in frustration. This is such a complicated process. But, dash it all, if Clayton could do it, so can I. She put her full attention on Joshua as he rammed a patched ball down the barrel. 
“You have to make sure there is no air between the ball and the powder.” He gently rammed the ball farther. “If you don’t, you could have a misfire.” He smiled at her. “After you’ve done this a few times, you’ll do it all instinctively.”
She grimaced in spite of her resolve. “It will take a lot of practice.”
“We’ve got another week aboard and plenty of ammunition. We can practice every day if you like.”
“Yes, please. I want to be ready for anything when we get to St. Louis.”
The night before they reached their destination, Amelia was much more confident. They stood on the deck facing the river. Joshua watched as she loaded the pocket pistol, pointed and fired it.
“You are an excellent pupil. Just one more thing, how would you carry this gun so that it wouldn’t accidently fire?”
She looked at him with a smug smile. “I would pull the hammer back to the half cocked position where the notch would hold it.”
“And how would you prepare to fire?”
“I’d pull the hammer to the fully cocked position, point, and fire.”
The moonlight glinted off his perfect teeth as he smiled. “And why wouldn’t you aim through the sight on the gun?”
Her smile answered his. “This model is meant for point and shoot. There is no sight on it. Some of these are made with forward sights. Some have rear sights. Others, like mine have no sights at all.” She finished with a triumphant laugh.
“Well done, indeed. You are my best pupil.”
She curtsied to him, spreading her black skirts with one hand. “Thank you, kind sir. You are an excellent teacher.” Amelia put the gun into the pocket of her dress. “With your assistance, I am now ready to defend my family if I must.”
He pulled her slowly into his embrace. “I will always be glad to provide you with any help you need.” 
As the moonlight danced on the water, he leaned down to kiss her.
She pulled back from him with a big grin. “Just be careful. I’ve got a gun in my pocket, you know.”


Chapter 12

St. Louis – Hickory Street District
December 1865

Amelia stood spellbound on the landing, looking down into the foyer where she had first seen Joshua so long ago. She remembered how he swept into the door from the snow-filled darkness, majestic in his greatcoat as he greeted his host. That memory would stay with her for the rest of her days.  
Ellen’s house was so beautiful. Every corner was decorated in perfect taste. Yet Amelia knew how fleeting such richness could be. She would rather have Joshua than all the wealth in the world. She smiled as she descended the staircase.
“There you are.” Ellen waited at the foot of the stairs. “I was coming to look for you.”
“I was woolgathering, remembering the past.” Amelia touched her sister on the shoulder. “I’m here now.”
Ellen put her arm around Amelia’s waist and led her to the sitting room. “I thought we’d take the opportunity to talk since the men are not here and Dougie is asleep.” She gestured Amelia to a brocade chair and sat opposite on the matching settee.
Ellen poured tea for them both. Soon they were chatting, comfortable in their newly rediscovered closeness.
“I’ve missed our talks. It’s been such a long time since we were together.”
“So much has happened to us both.”
Amelia put her teacup back in the saucer. “I am so sorry you lost Franklin. Losing a child is worst thing I can imagine.”
“He was only six.” Ellen looked down and dabbed her eyes with her handkerchief. “The doctor assured us nothing could have been done to save him. The scarlet fever took him so quickly.” She looked at Amelia. “Nothing I did helped Franklin at all. I had to watch him grow pale and listless. I had to watch him drift away from us.”
They sat in silence for a time, Amelia deep in her own thoughts. There were no words of comfort that would erase such a tragedy.
“I know you understand. You nursed Clayton through yellow fever, didn’t you?”
“Yes, I did.” Amelia looked away to hide her thoughts from her grieving sister, no need for anyone else to know of the true state of her marriage. The past was where it belonged. She packed it away, pulling out the pain and anger only once in awhile. Joshua had helped her heal. She only wanted to look forward now.
Ellen saw right through her and pursed her lips. “It’s no good, you know. You never could hide your feelings from me. Talk to me, tell me why you don’t grieve for your husband.”
Amelia took a deep breath. “It was an unusual situation. I never loved Clayton. At the time I married him, it seemed to be the best thing to do.” Unable to sit still, she rose and paced the room, her tea forgotten. “Our marriage was not particularly happy. When he died, I had to focus on survival for Dougie and me. There was no time to grieve.” She looked back at Ellen. “I couldn’t really face it in those days.”
She moved to the window and stared out at the bustling street. “Later, I was sorry Clayton died like he did. He was a good man, but he left me in such difficulty.”
She shrugged. “I was furious with him for a long time. But I came to understand he gave me Dougie and did the best he could for us.”
She turned and looked at Ellen. 
“Clayton truly loved me, but it was the woman he wanted to see, not the woman I am. He wanted me to be dependent on him, so that he could take care of me. That was his version of love.”
“Well at least you can admit that much. And what about Jo Beth, are you ready to forgive her?”
“I never should have told you what she did.” Amelia strode back and sat in the chair.
Ellen smiled at her. “Yes, you should. Besides, she only did what she thought was in your best interests. From what you said, she’s truly contrite now. Surely you can forgive her. She lost her brother and her father during the war. Her mother might as well be lost to her. And now she’s lost her only friend. Don’t you think she’s been punished enough?”
“Well, when you put it like that, perhaps I am not as angry as I was.”
“Joshua found you again. Isn’t that what matters?”
Amelia felt her face grow warm.
“May I refresh your tea?” Ellen’s voice was rich with suppressed laughter. When Amelia held out her teacup, Ellen filled it.
“You never fool me, you know. I can read you very well, little sister.” She offered Amelia a plate of cookies. 
Selecting a chocolate iced cookie, Amelia looked at it as she spoke to avoid Ellen’s all too perceptive eyes. “Joshua is talking about marriage, but I’m not certain.”
“Why ever not? He has demonstrated his devotion. He came all the way to New Orleans to find you. Could it be that you are unsure of your own feelings?”
Amelia nibbled the cookie, stalling before she could answer.
“Don’t give me any excuses, young lady. Joshua obviously loves you. He and Dougie have developed a strong rapport. What more can you want?”
“I want assurance this is the right thing for me and my son.”
Ellen sighed and sipped her tea. “There are never any assurances for any of us. You of all people should understand that, based on your marriage to Clayton.” She put down the delicate teacup. “You have to trust Joshua and let your love guide you this time.”
“I don’t know if I can do that.”
“Do you love Joshua? Are you certain of that at least?”
Amelia did not hesitate. “Yes, I am.”
Ellen smiled at her. “Then you have your answer. Trust your heart, all else will follow.”


Chapter Thirteen

St Louis – Hickory Street District

Amelia stood patiently while Joshua removed his hat and greatcoat. When he handed both to the waiting butler, she rushed into his arms.
“I’m so glad you’re here. I’ve got something to tell you.” She stood with her lips pursed for his kiss, snuggling against him when he complied with her unspoken request.
“I have something to tell you as well.” He put his arm around her shoulders and led her to the side parlor. When they were comfortably seated on the settee, he turned to her. “Ladies first. Tell me your news.”
She ducked her head for a moment. “I’ve decided on an answer to the question you asked me.” Amelia looked directly into his eyes. “My answer is yes, I will marry you. If you still want Dougie and me, that is.”
He pulled her into his arms. “You know I do. That’s the best news I’ve ever had.” His expression turned serious. “But I won’t hold you to it until you’ve heard my news.”
She frowned back at him. “Don’t keep me in suspense, tell me.”
“I received my orders today. I’m assigned to a new post.”
“That’s wonderful news. Why would I not be happy about that?” A sudden thought marched into her mind. She pulled back from him. “Unless you can’t take us with you . . . Is that it?”
He looked uncomfortable, and hesitated before he answered.
“Joshua, what is it? Where is the problem?”
“I asked if my family could accompany me. I was assured you could.”
“Then what is the matter? Why do you look like that?” Doubts assailed her as her frown grew.
“We’ll be stationed at Fort Leavenworth in Kansas. There has been unrest in the area.”
Amelia snorted. “I lived in the Confederacy, didn’t I? Don’t worry I’m sure we’ll be fine.”
“I may be fighting Indians. The Cheyenne. No telling how much I could be away from home. We don’t know about the conditions at the fort. Nor do we know how dangerous it will be out there”
“And you think I’d be hesitant about that?”
“We won’t know what it’s like until we get there. I worry about you and Dougie being in danger.”
Amelia put her head on his shoulder and breathed deeply of his unique scent, bay rum and pure Joshua. “I could be run down by a horse drawn carriage here in St. Louis. There are no expectations of safety anywhere we might go. But that’s no reason to hide from life.”
He leaned closer to her. “So you’re still willing to marry me?”
She touched his cheek. “Of course I am. Dougie will be thrilled when I tell him.”
She smiled up at him. “We’ll be very happy, I’m sure.” 
“I know we will.” He kissed her tenderly. “I will do everything in my power to make our lives secure.” He stroked her hair. “We will have to arrange the wedding quickly, though.”
“Why is that?”
“We will have to leave in five days in order to get to Fort Leavenworth on time.”
She extricated herself from his arms and jumped up. “Good grief, we’ve got a lot to do.” She started for the door and then turned back to him. “Will I be allowed to bring Mariah with us?”
“Of course, it will be good for Dougie to have her with him.”
Smiling at Joshua, she left the room. When she was past the door, her smile fell. It was all very good for Ellen to tell her to trust her heart. Experience had taught a different lesson. Engulfed in a sudden chill, Amelia shrugged it off. We’ll all be together and happy. Nothing could go wrong . . . could it?


Chapter Fourteen

St. Louis

Amelia and Ellen walked hand in hand down the street like schoolgirls.
“It’s so exciting, you and Joshua getting married in three days and then leaving the next day for Kansas.” Ellen noticed her sister was not listening, and stopped. “Amelia, what is it? Why are you looking over your shoulder?”
“I don’t know. I’ve got a funny feeling, like someone watches me.” She scanned the crowds around them. “But whenever I look, I don’t see anyone out of the ordinary.”
“It’s probably nothing. Perhaps it’s just wedding nerves.” Ellen linked Amelia’s arm with hers and walked down the street. “Come along, we’ve got a new wardrobe to buy. You can’t wear widow’s black as a new bride.”
They spent the afternoon going from shop to shop. Thanks to Ellen’s generosity, Amelia bought dresses, hats, gloves, and lingerie. She kept watch for any familiar faces around them, but saw none. Occasionally, she would touch the base of her reticule to reassure herself that the pocket pistol was still there. Each time, she would sigh with relief. Logically, she knew it was there, but her apprehension made her check frequently.
“Amelia, look at this.” Ellen had been in a quiet discussion with the owner of the lingerie shop.
“Oh goodness, that’s lovely, but I’d never dare wear such a thing.” Amelia looked at the sheer nightgown, lavished with ecru lace. The pale blue batiste would look wonderful on her. Her thighs pressed together as she pictured her bridegroom’s reaction. Reaching out to steady herself on the countertop, she felt her face grow warm, as the throbbing built in her core.
“Nonsense, of course you would. Just imagine Joshua’s expression when he sees you in it on your wedding night.”
Amelia smiled in spite of her shyness. “I think he would like it.”
“I know he would!” Ellen took the nightgown to the counter. “That settles it, you have to have this.”
“It’s beautiful, but it’s much too expensive.” Amelia reached for the garment.
Ellen swept it out of Amelia’s reach. “Your trousseau is my wedding present to you. Now, no more arguments, it suits you and you shall have it.”
“Oh very well, if you’re so determined to buy it.” She hugged her sister. “Thank you, it is a lovely gift.”
Ellen turned back to the storekeeper. “Do you have any other lingerie that would go with this?”
Amelia turned away and looked at the displays in the front window. She had moved forward when someone caught her attention as he passed by the shop. Oh my goodness, could that be Logan Matthews? From the back, the way the man swaggered confidently down the street was familiar. Without a thought, she rushed out of the shop and went after him. 
She pushed her way through the throng of people, keeping her eyes on the man ahead of her. The closer she got the more certain of his identity she became. When she was directly behind him, she reached into her reticule and felt the gun. It was notched correctly. She positioned it for easy access in case she needed to act.
She moved in close behind the man. “Are you following me?” she demanded.
He turned slowly as she curled her fingers around the pocket pistol prepared to fire.
“I’m sorry, Ma’am, but it appears that it is you who is following me.” His eyes twinkled. 
It wasn’t the gambler. “Oh, I’m very sorry. I thought you were someone else.” Hastily, Amelia dropped the gun back into its hiding place.
“For you, lovely lady, I could be anyone you like.” 
His dimpled grin made heat rise in her cheeks as he doffed his hat. 
“No, thank you. I’m sorry I bothered you.” She turned and hurried back to the shop. Her cheeks grew even hotter at the sound of his laughter following her retreat. Ellen stood on the sidewalk.
“What was that about?”
Amelia moved past the shop. “Nothing, really, I’m worn out from our excursion today. Do you mind if we go back home?”
“I don’t mind at all. Let’s walk down to where Lucas waits with the carriage, shall we?”
When they got back to the carriage and were safely inside, Ellen turned to her. “All right, now suppose you tell me what really happened? You know you cannot lie to me.”
Sighing, Amelia took a deep breath. “I had hoped to spare you this. Someone shot at us when we were aboard the steamboat. Joshua thinks it might have been one of the gamblers from the boat.”
“Why would anyone shoot at you?”
“He was put off the boat when Joshua caught him trying to attack me.”
Ellen smiled and waved to a passing matron. “Good day, Mrs. Langdon.” She turned back to her sister. “And what about you, do you think the man shot at you?”
“I don’t know. There was a mob on the docks, all clamoring to leave Vicksburg.”
Amelia pursed her lips. “But I carry this.” She pulled out Clayton’s gun, “In case someone is after Dougie or me.”
“Never tell me you know how to shoot that thing?”
“Of course I do. Joshua taught me. He said I was a good student, too.”
Amelia was surprised when Ellen started to laugh and horrified when the laughs turned into guffaws.
“And here I was worried about you going to Kansas. They’d best be worried about you.” She dabbed at her tears of mirth delicately with her lace-trimmed handkerchief. “You are well and truly suited to be a soldier’s wife. What’s happened to my baby sister?”
“I don’t want to have to depend on Joshua for everything. He’ll be out on patrol at times.”
Ellen reached across the carriage and patted her knee. “You’ll do just fine.”
Amelia smiled and nodded, trying her best to look confident. Deep down inside, she felt her nerves advancing like hungry ants. Someone was watching her.

A man with his hat pulled down to partially cover his eyes watched as the carriage passed. The street was filled with carriages and wagons. The sidewalks were filled with people, everyone intent on their own business. No one paid attention to him.
He laughed his malicious smile ugly in his triumph. “You may think you escaped me, lovely Amelia, but this is only the beginning of our game. It’s more fun to let you relax, think there is no danger.” His laughter grew louder which drew the attention of a passing woman. He tipped his hat and turned in the opposite direction.
“Enjoy the rest of your free days, however few they may be. In the end you will be mine, only mine. I will so enjoy teaching you the necessary lessons, my sweet.”


Chapter Fifteen

The day before the wedding

“Miz Wilcox, something terrible has happened!” Mariah was so out of breath she grabbed onto the banister and stood panting.
Amelia rushed down the stairs. “What is it? What’s wrong?”
“It’s Dougie,” Mariah put her hand to her chest and tried to get her breath. “He ran off after a hurdy-gurdy man.”
“Where did he go?” Amelia turned cold at the thought of her three-year-old wandering the streets.
Mariah shook her head. “That’s just it. One minute they were there and the next the crowd closed around them. Then they were gone.” 
Amelia grabbed her servant’s hand and dragged her out the door. “Show me where you saw them last.”
The two women ran down the street. Though she did not have her cape, Amelia did not feel the chill of late December. At last they came to the park entrance.
“They were right over there.” Mariah pointed to a bench by the central fountain.
Dropping Mariah’s hand, Amelia ran to the spot in the center of the park. From her vantage point, she could see in all directions. There was no sign of Dougie or a hurdy-gurdy man. “Let’s take separate paths and call out to Dougie. If he doesn’t answer, listen for music from the hurdy-gurdy. If we’re lucky, one of us will hear him, or at least the music.”
Mariah nodded and stumbled down the northern path. Amelia took the one opposite. She ran and called her son. She peered into the bushes on the sides of the path, fearing what she might find. 
“Dougie, where are you?” she called. What was that? She turned around to look. She thought she heard the breaking of a branch. There was nothing and no one behind her. “Dougie, come here to me.” She ran onward down the path. 
Dear Lord, where could he be? Please let me find him, please!
Her steps flagging, she continued on toward the river. She reached the edge of the park. There’s no place left to go. I’ll have to turn back.
She looked along the fence line to the right. From the left came the faint sound of the hurdy-gurdy. Amelia left the path and staggered through the brush headed for the distinctive noise. She broke through to the next path and sighed in relief.
There was her son laughing and clapping with a group of other children at the music and the antics of the musician’s pet monkey.
She ran to him. “Douglas, you scared Mama.” She bent down to his level and picked him up.
“I like the monkey, Mama.” He giggled and reached toward the tiny performer.
“It’s time to go home now. Tell the monkey goodbye.” Amelia held her son tightly while he waved at the creature. She focused on taking deep breaths.
When she calmed her breathing, she walked down the path, intent on going back to the fountain. They rounded the bend as Dougie put his head on her shoulder. Soon she could feel him nod off to sleep, exhausted from all the excitement.
As she walked, she noticed a strange echo of her footsteps coming from behind her. Frowning, she walked faster. The sound came faster, mirroring her pace. She stopped abruptly and the echo stopped. It’s just my imagination. I need to focus on getting my son home and not engage in fits of fancy.
Amelia started walking once more. The sound of her steps rebounded. Something made her stop abruptly. The other footsteps did not.
Shaking, she reached for her gun, only to find she had left her reticule at home with her cape and gloves. She ran, gaining speed until she could see the fountain where Mariah waited for her.
“You found him. Oh, I’m so glad. I didn’t mean to look away from him. I’m sorry…”
Amelia waved off her apology. “Let’s just get him home where he belongs.”
“Of course, Ma’am, would you like me to carry him for you?”
“I don’t want to let him go right now.” Amelia looked at Dougie’s loyal nanny. “I’m not angry with you, Mariah. He could have easily gotten away from me, too. We’ll have to watch him closer from now on.”
“Yes, Ma’am, he’s fast when he’s after something.”
“Is there anyone following us?” 
Mariah peered down the path behind Amelia. “No, Ma’am, I don’t see anybody.”
“Very well, let’s just get home, shall we?”
They walked on in silence. 
I must remember always to carry the pocket pistol. She was certain she was followed and terrified that Dougie could have been hurt. The gun won’t help me if I forget to carry it.
Later that evening, after Dougie was safely asleep in his bed, Amelia sat with Joshua in the parlor. Ellen and her husband tactfully left them alone.
“We really shouldn’t be together tonight, you know.” Amelia put her head on Joshua’s shoulder.
“Oh yes, the myth about bad luck or some such nonsense.” He stroked her smooth cheek lightly in a circular, hypnotic rhythm.
Amelia shut her eyes and felt his tender touch down deep in her core. “How could anything that feels so good be bad luck?” 
He brought her hand to his lips and kissed her palm, once, twice, three times.
She sighed and snuggled closer to him. “I can’t wait for tomorrow.”
“Neither can I.” His deep voice reverberated pleasantly near her ear.
They were quiet for a while, dreaming of the future. The only sounds were made by the fire crackling in the grate.
Amelia stirred against him. “Have you had any word about Logan Matthews?”
He raised his head. Amelia immediately regretted the loss of his head next to hers.
“Why would you ask about Matthews?”
She wrapped her arms around his waist and snuggled against him. “I was only wondering. I still worry that he could follow us.”
“Don’t bother about him. Tomorrow is our wedding day and the next we leave for Fort Leavenworth. The man is headstrong and quick to anger. But even he isn’t stupid enough to follow us to the post. He wouldn’t stand a chance.”
“I’m certain you’re right,” she whispered. “We should be talking of more pleasant things.”
He leaned down and deeply kissed her. “We shouldn’t be talking at all.”
When the kiss ended, he embraced her. I wonder if I should have told him about someone following me today. She shook her head. No need to worry him because I might have an active imagination. She pulled back and smiled, trying to concentrate on her joy at the upcoming wedding


Chapter Sixteen

The Wedding Day

“I now pronounce you husband and wife.” Reverend Abernathy’s voice rang through his huge church. With so few guests in attendance, the voices and the music reverberated all the way to the back.
“You may kiss the bride.”
Joshua smiled down at Amelia and lifted the short veil from her bonnet. 
She watched in anticipation as he lowered his lips to hers. The loving kiss thrilled her. She moved closer to him and he kissed her once more.
“May I present Major and Mrs. Hawthorne?” The elderly minister nudged Joshua. “There will be time later for that sort of thing, son.”
The guests only filled the first three pews of the Methodist church. They all overheard Reverend Abernathy’s comment. When Amelia and Joshua turned to face them, the small crowd burst into delighted laughter.
Amelia could feel her face heat. Goodness, I’m already blushing.
They were surrounded by the friends, all of them wishing the best for the couple. Mariah, dressed in her Sunday finery, brought Dougie to them. Amelia only had time to caress his cheek, when he reached out to Joshua. 
“Unca Josh!”
The groom took his stepson into his arms. “Did you like the wedding, Dougie?”
The little boy shrugged his small shoulders. “Are we gonna get cake now?”
“That we are.”
“Good,” said Dougie. “I’m hungry.”
The crowd followed them outside to their waiting carriages. After a short ride, they arrived at Ellen’s home for the reception. Dougie sat beside Mariah and sighed as he ate his cake, getting as much smeared on his face as into his mouth. He giggled when Mariah wiped his face as he turned his head this way and that.
In the warm room decorated for Christmas and the wedding, the adults stood together in groups and toasted the couple with champagne.
Mrs. Truman, one of Ellen’s friends approached. “Mrs. Hawthorne, that dress is such a lovely shade of green. Who would have thought of a wedding gown in Christmas green? But I must say it looks lovely on you.”
Amelia smiled at her. “I’m glad you like it. As a widow I’m not bound to traditional wedding garb.”
She felt Joshua squeeze her hand. “I think she looks splendid.”
“Major,” asked Mr. Truman, a red-faced barrel of a man, one of the most successful businessmen in all of St. Louis. “I understand you’re heading for Kansas tomorrow, Fort Leavenworth, isn’t it?”
“That’s right.”
“Aren’t you a bit concerned about your wife and stepson going with you? I heard the garrison there is responsible for dealing with the Cheyenne and Arapaho tribes.”
“Yes, I will be involved with the patrols to keep the trails safe for settlers traveling west. There’s talk of a new regiment being planned there to fight the Indians. But I don’t know if I will be posted with the new regiment or not.”
Amelia took his arm and leaned against him. “It doesn’t matter where you are posted, as long as we’re together as a family.” She nuzzled her head against his chest.
When the guests were gone, and Dougie down for his nap, the newly wed couple stood and looked out the window at the falling snow.
“Remember the night we met?” Amelia looked at the frosted panes. 
“I do, indeed. I thought of that night often during the war. It’s one of my fondest memories.”
“It was our beginning,” Amelia cuddled next to him. “I never thought we would end up back here like this.”
He bent down to her. “I knew we would.”
“You were that determined?”
Joshua cupped her face in his hands and kissed her so deeply it robbed her of speech.
Panting, she pulled back and looked up at him, her face warm.
“Can’t we retire for the night?” Joshua stroked a finger down her burning cheek.
Amelia laughed breathlessly. “It’s not even dark yet. Ellen has planned a family dinner for us. It’s our last night here for a long time.”
“We have two hours before dinner, don’t we?”
“Yes, we do.” Her smile grew wide. “I think I’ve married a scoundrel.”
He took her hand and placed it in the crook of his arm. “Come upstairs, Mrs. Hawthorne. I need to speak to you on urgent matters.” 
Biting her lip to keep from giggling aloud, Amelia answered, “Of course, Mr. Hawthorne, I have a few things to tell you, too.” 
He guided her out of the room. “I promise you won’t need your gun.”
“We’ll see about that.”
She maintained her demeanor until they reached their bedroom door. Joshua swept her into his arms accompanied by the sound of her laughter and kicked the door shut behind them.
Ellen was wrong about one thing. Joshua did not get to see Amelia in her new nightgown, not then, nor later when they retired for the evening.


Chapter Seventeen

Aboard the Pacific Railroad

“Mama, my eye hurts!” Dougie wailed loudly, overtaking the sounds of the clacking wheels on the track and the giant bellows of the wood fired engine.
“Let Mama see your eye.” Amelia wrestled with the squirming boy until she found the problem. She dampened her handkerchief and cleaned his eye. “You had a cinder in it.”
Mariah looked concerned. “Miz Wil— sorry, Miz Hawthorne, should I close the window? The ashes are pretty bad in here.”
“Yes, please close the nearest one. My eyes have been smarting from the ashes blowing inside, too. We’ll just have to deal with the smoke from the cigars and cigarettes.”
Dougie twisted and tried to get off the hard wooden bench. “I want Unca Josh!”
Amelia pulled him back up onto the seat. “Uncle Josh has gone back to the last car to check on Ranger.”
“I wanna see Ranger, too!” Dougie attempted another escape, but his mother anticipated the move and held him fast.
“If you’re very good, maybe Uncle Josh will let you help him tend Ranger at our next stop.” Amelia smiled at him and held him close. “You like Uncle Josh’s horse, don’t you?”
“Yeah!”
“Yes, Ma’am,” corrected Amelia, patiently.
“Yes’m. I like Unca Josh, too.”
She rested her cheek on Dougie’s curls. “We’ll see if Uncle Josh will let us help him with Ranger, all right?”
“Umhmmm . . . ." The little boy’s eyes drifted shut as the excitement of the day and the rocking motion of the car caught up with him.
Amelia watched the countryside speed past the windows. She never imagined riding on the railroad. Indeed she never imagined most of the recent events of her life. 
Dougie snuggled in her arms, his deep breathing slow and rhythmic. He was finally asleep. She moved her son to a more comfortable position, stretched out on the bench with his head in her lap. 
It was near twilight when Joshua took Amelia and Dougie him to the last car on the train where the livestock was housed for the journey. A chunky, red headed sergeant jumped to his feet beside Ranger. “Major Hawthorne,” he gave a smart salute. “Ranger is doing right well on the trip.”
“Glad to hear it. Sergeant O’Doyle, this is my wife, Amelia, and my new son, Dougie.”
“Pleased to meet you, Ma’am,” O’Doyle doffed his hat.
“Thank you Sergeant.”
He bent down to smile at the boy. “It’s good to meet you, too, lad.”
Dougie moved behind Joshua and peered up at the red-headed sergeant.
“You’ll have to excuse Dougie. He spent the war in the south. He’s still getting used to us Yanks.” 
“Well, you’ll be seeing a lot more of us when we get to Fort Leavenworth.”
“How are the rest of the horses faring on the journey?”
O’Doyle looked around the car at the stalls. “They’re doing fine, although I know most of them will be happier when we reach the fort.”
“No doubt, they’d be happier running in open country.” Joshua smiled.
“I didn’t think there would be so many of them,” Amelia looked at the animals lined up with military precision. 
“They’re replacements, Mrs. Hawthorne, just like the new recruits.”
Joshua swung Dougie up in his arms. “Thank you, Sergeant, for taking care of Ranger for me.”
“No problem, Sir, Ma’am.” With a final salute and a nod, O’Doyle turned back to the horses.
“Let’s go outside and take a stroll in the fresh air, shall we?” Joshua extended his free arm to Amelia. When they emerged from the back of the train, a small crowd of passengers milled around the whistle stop.
Joshua handed Dougie to Amelia. She kissed her son’s downy cheek. Then she turned to Joshua. “I’d kiss you, too,” she whispered, “but it might shock these people.”
“I don’t mind if you don’t,” his eyes gleamed as he grinned down at her.
Amelia moved toward him, drawn in spite of the impeccable manners drilled into her so long ago by Madame Dumond.
Dougie kicked and pumped his legs. “Where’s the monkey, Mama? Where’s the monkey?”
Shaking her head with a rueful glance at Joshua, she asked, “What monkey? I don’t see a monkey.”
She put down her son and managed to hold onto his hand.
Dougie pulled her along with him, pointing toward a stranger disappearing into the throng. “That’s the man with the monkey.”
Amelia looked at the man standing before them. “I’m sorry if he disturbed you, Sir.” She turned to her son. “Douglas, this isn’t the man who had the monkey at the park.”
The stranger had a jovial smile. “No, indeed, I’ve never had any wild animals.”
“I wanna see the monkey!”
“Is there a problem here?” Joshua moved beside his wife.
“Dougie has mistaken this gentleman for someone he’s seen before.” Amelia worried her lower lip and whispered to her son. “This man doesn’t look like the one we saw in St. Louis. That man had dark hair and a long mustache. He’s not the same man.” She straightened and inclined her head to the blond stranger. “I am so sorry. He’s tired out from the trip.”
“I understand. It’s a long journey from St. Louis.”
“Yes, it is. If you will excuse us, I’ll take him back to the train.”
Joshua offered his arm to his wife and led them back to the passenger car.
The stranger doffed his hat and watched them go.
Amelia could feel him behind her. Something about his eyes reminded her of someone. Oh well, I’m sure it’s nothing. I’m tired from the journey, too. 
No wonder she felt a tiny forewarning wiggle down her spine. She shook her head. I’m certain I would remember a gentleman with long golden hair. She sternly led her reluctant son back to the train. 
When they returned to the benches they occupied, Mariah was there waiting for them. She held a paper wrapped parcel that teased Amelia with a delicious scent.
Amelia felt her stomach rumble. “Whatever you have there smells wonderful.”
“There was a lady selling meat pies, Miz Hawthorne. I got some for us.”
Amelia put her son on the bench. “Sit there and we’ll eat in a minute.” She moved to the middle of the bench.
Joshua sat beside her. “Those pies smell good, don’t they Dougie?”
The three-year-old lost all evident interest in the monkey. “I’m hungry,” he proclaimed loudly.
Accompanied with the belching noises of the lurching train as it picked up speed, they ate their meal. Soon, they each drank some water, also purchased from the vendor at the whistle stop.
Amelia wiped her son’s face. “That was good, wasn’t it?” She ruffled his hair. 
“Thank you, Mariah.”
“The train man said there weren’t any places to eat at the stops. He said there would be some folks selling things. I thought I’d better get what I could. No telling what we’ll find down the tracks.”
“I suppose none of the places along the route are big towns. Although that one stop had a saloon, it wasn’t much of a town.” Amelia took her son onto her lap.
The prairie grew dark beyond the windows, as they watched the sun slip beneath the western horizon. The conductor came through with lanterns and hung them from the ceiling. Conversations waned in the passenger car. Even the gamblers grew quiet, the glow of their cheroots faded as everyone settled in for the night. 
Army replacements traveled to Ft. Leavenworth aboard the train. No trouble was anticipated, no need to worry.
Amelia settled against Joshua, his arm around her shoulders. His breathing slowed in matched cadence with that of her son. On the opposite bench, Mariah began to softly snore. Similar sounds came from all around their little family, drifting over one by one.
After a while, Amelia knew she was the only one still awake in the car. She shut her eyes and hoped to fall asleep. Sleep eluded her as she sat there. Her eyes popped open. She couldn’t sleep. That pesky feeling of unease wouldn’t let her relax. What’s wrong with me? We’re all together and all right. Joshua is right beside me, for heaven’s sake. Nothing can happen to us. I trust him.
Even as the thought formed in her mind, she knew no man was invincible. Joshua could get shot or worse. Her breaths grew shallow. She felt below the bench for her carpetbag and found her reticule right inside where she left it. She breathed easier when she found the Deringer. There, that’s better.
At last, her fingers resting comfortably on her gun, she snuggled against her husband’s chest and slept.


Chapter Eighteen

Kansas City

“What did you say? I can’t hear you.” Amelia shouted at her husband, trying to be heard over the din of the crowd. People bustled about the station platform, greeting relatives, looking for their belongings, or just standing in bewilderment at the dissonant voices all around them.
Joshua leaned down to her. “They’re unloading the horses. When I’m sure Ranger is secure, our belongings will be loaded on one of the wagons. Then we’ll travel to the docks.”
“Are you sure it’s all right for us to take the steamboat up the Missouri? Don’t you have to go with the men?”
“I’ve been ordered to report by tomorrow. The boat will get us there on time. Don’t worry, it will be fine.” He smiled down at her, touched her cheek, and went back to the last car.
She shaded her eyes with her hand as she looked around. The crowds thinned as people left the platform. In the distance, she saw the stranger with the blond hair walking off the platform and into the street. Good, that’s one less worry now that he’s gone. I was just being silly.
Soon Joshua came to escort his new family to the wagons. Their footsteps echoed on the wood planking, solitary sounds on the now empty station platform. For those prosperous enough to travel on the Pacific Railroad, Kansas City was the end of the line.
When the wagon was loaded with their baggage, Amelia rode up front beside Sergeant O’Doyle with Mariah holding Dougie in the back. Joshua rode Ranger alongside the wagon, trailed by the new recruits on the extra horses.
They rode through the thriving city.
“I had no idea Kansas City would be this big.” Amelia looked this way and that, astounded at the number of people. “Of course, it isn’t St. Louis, but it is flourishing.”
“Yes, Ma’am, it is.” The Sergeant glanced at her with an agreeable expression. 
Encouraged by his easy manner, she continued the conversation. “What’s Ft Leavenworth like?”
“Well, Mrs. Hawthorne, it’ll seem small compared to this, but it’s right comfortable. I think you’ll be happy there. The officers’ wives have socials once in a while. There are other children on post, too.”
Amelia hesitated before asking another question. “Is it safe at the fort, from the Cheyenne, I mean?” She glanced back at her son.
“No worries about the Cheyenne, Ma’am. They don’t come as far east as the fort. The men go out to find them in the western part of Kansas. Our troops patrol the wagon train routes and check on the few settlers out there.”
She felt her shoulders relax, as she released a breath she had not known she was holding.
When they reached the dock, Joshua supervised Ranger as he boarded the boat. Sergeant O’Doyle carried the baggage.
He came back to Amelia on the dock. “Have a pleasant journey, Ma’am.” He tipped the sweat-stained hat he wore jammed on his head. “I’ll see you at the fort in a few days.”
She smiled at him. “Thank you for your help. I wish safe journey to you and your men.” Amelia watched as he spoke to Joshua. 
“Mama, are we going home?” Dougie tugged at her skirts.
“We’re going to our new home at Ft. Leavenworth. We’ll be there tomorrow.”
“I wanna go home,” Dougie cried, stamping his foot in indignation.
Amelia picked him up. “Look at this pretty boat. We’re going on the Missouri Belle. Won’t that be fun?”
“No!” he scrambled to get down.
Joshua walked up and took the boy on his shoulder. “Come on, Dougie. I remember how much you liked the paddle wheel on the Dixie Queen. Let’s go find it on this boat.” He winked as he passed Amelia.
She chuckled and shook her head. Her little boy responded well to Joshua. She was glad he would have a father figure to teach him.
Later when the stars had come out, Joshua and Amelia stood together at the railing. The night was cold. He held her close to his body. “Is it too cold out here?”
“Not when I’m with you.” She snuggled closer to him. “It seems ages since we’ve been alone. I’m glad Mariah has Dougie tonight.”
They stood together and looked at the dark bank barely visible under the moonless sky. There were no lights to be seen on the shore, no sign of civilization.
Amelia trembled. “It seems so empty here, so remote. I’ve always lived in cities and towns.”
“There’s a lot of territory out there. More settlers come all the time. In a few years towns will be springing up with even more people.” 
He turned and tipped her face up to his. “As long has you have your pistol, you can handle anything.” His smile became gloriously wicked, as he lifted one eyebrow. “We’ve got more important things to discuss, Mrs. Hawthorne.”
“And what would those be?” She grinned saucily up at him.
“Oh, I can think of one particular thing.” His head lowered to hers. “We need to find time for private moments,” he whispered, then his lips took hers.
She snuggled against his hard body, engulfed in the warmth of his arms. 
This is the way it’s meant to be.
His next kiss left her with no coherent thoughts at all. Instead she clung to him, holding him as tightly as she could.
Joshua swept her into his arms. “Let’s retire to our cabin,” he whispered.
She put her head on his shoulder, her body wiping all the things she had been taught about how proper ladies must behave from her mind.


Chapter Nineteen

Ft Leavenworth - April 1866

Amelia pushed the sunbonnet off her head. That’s much better. She leaned on her hoe and shaded her eyes as she looked up at the blue sky. Who knew keeping a garden could be such hard work?
Wiping her face, she moved to the bucket and drank from the ladle. If it’s so hot in April, what will it be like in July?
She laughed softly, remembering how she begged Clayton to let her plant a vegetable garden. He had refused. She might spoil her hands “digging in the dirt.” If I had that garden we might have fared better during the blockade. As it was, the flower garden she was allowed to water died never to return. Clayton told her it was apparent her talents did not extend to gardening, while he chucked her under the chin. 
She moved to the shade of the porch to rest for a few moments. Joshua was only going out on a local patrol this morning. I wonder where he is.
After a short rest, she headed back to the vegetable beds. The vegetables would not grow without help, after all. The colonel’s wife, Lily Carson, advised all of the officers’ wives to keep gardens. It would help feed the families on post. They wouldn’t be dependent on uncertain shipments.
Amelia remembered what it felt like to go hungry. She worked hard to create a bountiful harvest. Moving with resignation, she returned to the bed she was clearing. She swung the hoe with zealous precision over and over to prepare to plant the seeds.
Amelia focused on her task so greatly that she didn’t hear the rider coming until he was off his horse.
“Mrs. Hawthorne, I’ve come from the major. He’s been hurt. He needs you.”
She tossed the forgotten hoe aside. “How badly is he hurt? What happened?”
“He took a bullet, Ma’am. We’ve got to hurry back. He’s asking for you.”
The corporal held out his hand. “Let me give you a leg up. You can ride behind me.”
Amelia looked toward her little house, undecided.
“Ma’am, it may already be too late. We can’t dawdle here any longer.” Impatiently, he grabbed her arms. “Up you go.”
She was tossed onto the horse. By the time she righted her position, the corporal was already in the saddle. He kicked the horse and they sped away, racing past the buildings and out through the gates. She heard shouts behind them but paid no attention. They rode in silence until they were out of sight of the fort. “How much farther is it, Corporal . . . I’m sorry, I don’t know your name.”
“Just call me Corporal Wilkes, Ma’am.”
Over the sound of thundering hooves, she heard the corporal giggle and wondered why.
The sun continued its path toward the western horizon. When it was midway toward its goal, Amelia twisted in the saddle to look around them in all directions.
“Shouldn’t we be getting close now? I don’t see any signs of them.”
He pulled back on the reins. The roan slowed and finally stopped beside a small lake.
“The horse needs water.” Corporal Wilkes helped her down and led the horse to the water.
She stretched, straightened her clothes and pushed the hot sunbonnet back onto her shoulders. “How far are we from our destination?” 
He didn’t answer. She watched him hobble the horse.
Amelia patted her apron pocket. The pistol was there. Breathing a sigh of relief, she looked at him. “What is this? Why did you bring me out here? Where’s Joshua?”
His leer was ugly. He took off his hat and the auburn wig he wore, tossing both to the ground. “You’re a hard woman to catch, Mrs. Wilcox.”
He sauntered closer to her.
She scowled at her captor. “Logan Matthews, I should have known. Well, you are tenacious, I must say.” Her momentary fear gave way to rage. Her fingers tightened on her pistol.
He cocked his head, his smirk ever present. “I always get what I want. I meant to have you when we first met. Then you cost me my occupation. It became imperative, a matter of revenge.”
She turned as he circled her, keeping her eyes on the enemy. “Your own behavior got you banned from the steamboat lines on the Mississippi, not me.”
“And that idiot Booth got most of the theaters closed by his actions. He just had to make a name for himself and do something to benefit his glorious Confederacy. Now actors are personae non grata, even in the south.” 
He slammed his fist against his palm. “Hell of a thing to do to me, leave me without my profession. Is it any wonder, fair lady, that I sank to gambling to earn my keep?” He bowed in the manner of a cavalier.
She watched him, waiting for him to move toward her. “I had no idea the theaters were affected by the assassination.” Keep him talking and look for his weakness. She could almost hear Joshua’s voice instructing her during her lessons.
“Indeed they were. But didn’t you guess? Didn’t I give great performances?”
“What do you mean?”
“As I watched you and Hawthorne leave the Dixie Queen in St. Louis, it came to me. After that it was simple. I followed you everywhere you went. That was me on the street in St. Louis. I especially liked that role. I loved seeing you embarrassed.”
Amelia frowned as she remembered her fear that day and the day Dougie was lost. “What about my son, how did you lure him so easily?”
Matthews laughed heartily. “Little boys like animals, Mama, don’t you know that?” He perched on a boulder and pulled out his weapon, a Colt pistol, military issue. “I thought about kidnapping the little brat and forcing you to come to me. But then I thought better of it.” He rubbed his chin with the barrel of his gun.
“If you hurt my son, I promise I will kill you.”
“Yes, I figured you would feel that way. Besides, the monkey was a noisy little pest. Who wants to travel with such a messy beast? I finally shot it.” He sniggered as he looked at her.
She kept her face impassive. I won’t react to whatever else he says. It could be dangerous to show my hand too soon.
“So you followed us on the train to Kansas City,” she prompted him to continue his story.
Matthews chortled. “I spoke to the sergeant who tended the horses. He told me they were bound for Ft. Leavenworth. The rest was easy.”
Amelia began to pace and wring her hands. It’s best if he thinks I am vulnerable. At last, she faced the direction toward the fort. “So where did you get the uniform and the gun?”
“I’m afraid there is one less corporal at Ft. Leavenworth. You see, the one I picked didn’t want to let go of his possessions. So what choice did I have?” 
He spread his arms wide with his palms facing the sky with a charming grin that belied the chill of his eyes.
Amelia glanced toward the trail they had taken. In the distance she saw a dust cloud as it billowed along the trail. She looked back at Matthews.
“So did you kill the corporal or just leave him wounded?”
“What good would it do me to just wound him? He’d tell everybody, including your busybody husband, that I did it.”
“And where did you leave the body?” She kept her expression detached and glanced at the ever growing cloud of dust. He’ll hear the horses soon as the troop nears us.
“The corpse won’t be found for a long time. Besides, they’ll think the Indians did it.” His smirk faded as he heard his stolen horse whinny. Then he heard the sound of oncoming horses. He turned in time to see mounted figures on horseback riding straight for him.
He turned back to Amelia. “Aye, there’s the rub. What am I going to do with you? It seems our time grows short.” 
She looked at the riders. Joshua rode in front leading his men.
Amelia breathed deeply to slow her racing heart. She put her hand in her apron pocket and grasped the pistol. It was notched correctly.
“That big major of yours makes a perfect target. I wonder how he survived the war. He’s probably a coward and spent the time well behind the lines.”
Don’t let him distract you. Amelia shut down her fear as she pulled out the pistol and kept her hand at her side, hiding the gun in her full skirt.
“Amelia,” roared Joshua. “Has he harmed you?”
Matthews reached out and pulled Amelia in front of him. “Not yet, Major, but I’ll get what I want.”
“Let her go!”
“Now why would I want to do that?” He clutched Amelia tighter to him.
Joshua dismounted and walked slowly closer to them. “You don’t want to harm her, Matthews.”
“Don’t I?”
Amelia felt her assailant laughing behind her as his cigar-fouled breath soiled her hair.
“You’re surrounded. You won’t escape.” Joshua held his hands up. “My gun is in my holster. We don’t have to do this.”
Matthews laughed shrilly. “Maybe you don’t, but I do.” He pointed the Colt at Joshua. “Too bad you didn’t think to draw your gun.”
“I’ve seen enough death.” Joshua’s eyes never wavered. 
Matthews pulled back the hammer on the revolver. “Only one more death for you and it will be your own.”
Amelia looked in Joshua’s eyes. She felt him encourage her. I can do this. She spun suddenly around in Matthews’ grasp. “I can’t watch this.”
“There, there, little lady, you don’t have to watch.” Momentarily distracted, he loosened his grip on her and looked at her face.
She gazed directly into his eyes and pulled back from him, taking advantage of his diverted attention. She raised her right arm and pressed her gun to his chest. “It’s over, drop your gun.” 
His smile never wavered. “Well, aren’t you a clever girl? Sorry, sweetheart, your little popgun won’t stop me.”
Amelia watched him glance over her shoulder. She pulled back the hammer into firing position.
Matthews blinked and moved his arm as he aimed again at Joshua.
Amelia pulled the trigger without hesitation.
He looked down in surprise at the red stain blooming in the middle of his chest. His head cocked to the side as he looked at Amelia. She stepped back from him. Mouth working, he tried to say something, but no sound emanated. He wheeled and tumbled to the ground, his open eyes forever frozen in sad bewilderment.
She gawked at the motionless form at her feet. For a moment, she felt nothing, said nothing. She stared down at the man she killed. Then tremors started at her feet and moved up her body. Why is the ground shaking? Her legs would no longer support her. She gave up trying to control herself, and crumpled.
Before she hit the ground, strong arms pulled her upright. Joshua swept her high against his chest. “It’s all right, Dearest.” He held her close, nuzzling her hair.
“He was going to kill you!” she wailed. Gulping, she looked up at him. “He killed some poor corporal to get his uniform and gun.”
Joshua carried her to his horse. “I know. We found Corporal Mercer.”
“He said you’d think the Cheyenne did it.”
“We knew the murderer was white. You were seen riding in back of a white man leaving the fort on Mercer’s horse.”
He lifted her onto the saddle. “Hold on, I’ll ride behind you.”
After Joshua mounted, Sergeant O’Doyle walked up to the horse. He held out the pocket pistol. “Here’s your Philadelphia Deringer, Mrs. Hawthorne.”
Amelia’s smile wobbled as she took her pocket pistol. “Thank you, Sergeant.”
“You don’t want to lose that little gun. You’re a right fine shot, Ma’am and a brave lady, if I may say so.”
Amelia watched the men tie Matthews’ remains on the roan. The troopers mounted their own horses.
When they were finished, Joshua murmured into her ear. “Let’s go home.”
He straightened and led the way back to Ft. Leavenworth. Amelia leaned against him the whole way. Only he overheard her soft voice. “I’m already home, my love.”


Epilogue

Ft Leavenworth – 1871

Amelia watched as the 10th Calvary returned from their latest mission. The all African regiment earned their fierce reputation in many battles with the Cheyenne. She looked anxiously until she saw Joshua leading the column. She smiled as she remembered the day Colonel Grierson picked him to be in the regiment.
From down the road, a very pregnant Mariah waddled to Amelia. “Do you see Caleb?” she asked, as she scanned the troopers.
From her vantage point on her front porch, Amelia found Mariah’s husband. “There he is, right beside Joshua.”
She smiled as Mariah walked as fast as she could to her husband. “Caleb, I’m so glad you’re home!” He opened his arms and hugged her, careful of her blossoming stomach. 
A group of boys surrounded Joshua as he dismounted and walked across the road.
There was a tug on Amelia’s skirt. She looked down and found her eighteen-month-old daughter, Lucy, begging to be picked up. 
“Look, Lucy, there’s Papa, do you see him?” 
Lucy tittered in delight. She crinkled her blue eyes, just like her father’s. “Papa!” she demanded.
Eight-year-old Douglas, who allowed no one to call him Dougie any longer, ran up on the porch. “Uncle Josh says the Cheyenne are calling the troopers Buffalo Soldiers. Isn’t that something?”
“Yes, it is.”
Joshua came up on the porch and removed his hat. “Hello, Darlin” he leaned down and kissed Lucy on her round cheek.
“Dearest,” he whispered, as he kissed Amelia.
“Are you all right?” she asked as she cupped his unshaven jaw with her free hand.
He nodded. “We’re all tired, but nobody was wounded this time.” He looked down at his dirt-stained uniform. “I’ve got to report to the colonel, but then I’ll come home.” 
She caressed him before she dropped her hand. “We’ll be waiting for you with a hot bath and a good meal.
	“It’s good to be home, my love. Let’s hope the colonel doesn’t want to keep me too long.” He turned and walked down the front steps, the sounds of his spurs following him down the dusty street.
Amelia watched him go before she went into the house. Once inside, she looked around the room. There was a lot to do. “Douglas, watch your sister. I need to get to work.” She put her daughter on the floor. 
Lucy ran on her chubby legs. “Papa, Papa, Papa,” she chanted.
In the kitchen, Amelia listened to her daughter and smiled. She took the hot bread from the oven and set it out to cool. She checked the big pot of stew on the stove and added another piece of wood to build up the fire. Thank goodness I already baked the cherry pie.
She stopped for a moment and stared at the meal she had prepared for her family. I remember when I couldn’t cook at all. Bless Mariah for being so patient with me.
After that, she dragged the bathtub in from the back porch and cleaned it. She filled up the large kettle with water to put on to heat when Joshua returned.
Lucy danced into the kitchen with Douglas behind her.
“Well my goodness you’re a fast little girl.” Her mama chucked her under the chin.
“She wears me out.” Douglas had a new mature tone in his voice.
Amelia hugged him. “I remember when you were that age. Talk about a handful!”
“Mama, do you think Uncle Josh would be upset if I called him Papa?”
“I think he’d love it. How did you grow up so fast?”
He shrugged and grinned up at her. “I hope he’ll tell us more about why the Cheyenne call the troopers Buffalo Soldiers.”
“I’m sure he will. Now, please run to the root cellar and bring back a jar of those peach preserves.”
“Yes, ma’am,” he hurried away, her obedient son, licking his lips in anticipation of his favorite treat.
Later that night when they had eaten the delicious dinner and Lucy was asleep, Amelia and Joshua shared the settee with Douglas on the floor beside them.
He looked up at his mother, a question in his eyes.
She nodded and smiled.
“Papa, why do you think the men are called Buffalo Soldiers?”
Joshua hesitated for a second, a brief glimpse of surprise in his eyes. Then he smiled.
“I don’t know for sure. Some say the Cheyenne call them that for their curly hair. Others say it’s because some of them have buffalo robes in their kit.” He leaned down to Douglas. “I like to think it’s because, like the buffalo the Cheyenne revere, our soldiers have a fighting spirit that never dies. They’re brave men who fought hard and long to gain a place in this world. The Indians respect that.” He reached down and tousled Douglas’ hair. “Respect from one’s enemy is a prize to covet. Remember that, Son.”
Douglas leaned against Joshua’s legs and signed in contentment.
Amelia thought of their past. We’ve come so far from the awful days during and after the war. I never thought we’d be together like this. But here we are.
“Did you get enough to eat?”
He smiled at her. “I couldn’t eat another bite. You’ve turned out to be a great cook.”
She moved closer to her husband and whispered, “You’re not so bad for a damn Yankee, either. I think I just might keep you.”
“As if I’d ever let my family go.” Joshua put his right arm around her as he ruffled his son’s curls with his left hand.
The light of the fire burned down in the cozy cabin. The aromas of the savory stew lingered. In her bed Lucy snuffled as she turned over. Outside the soldiers on watch shouted to each other to acknowledge their status. Night birds could be heard calling across the prairie. 
Amelia sighed as she leaned closer to her husband. I wonder when I should tell him we’re going to have another baby. She smiled at her secret and closed her eyes.
 They all leaned into each other, safe in their snug cabin, content to share the quiet joy of being together.


Author’s Note

Philadelphia gunsmith Henry Deringer did indeed create his version of the pocket pistol. It was named the Deringer after him. Today the spelling has been changed to Derringer for some undocumented reason. The Deringer was both a famous and infamous weapon. John Wilkes Booth murdered President Lincoln with a Philadelphia Deringer just like the one Amelia uses in the story.

I hope you enjoyed Trust Your Heart. Read on for an excerpt of Touch The Sky, featuring Amelia's ancestor Sheridan St John . . . 

His Accusations of Treason Executed Her Father.

The last person Celeste wanted to see stood before her.

Colonel Sheridan St. John smiled at her as if nothing had happened. Rage overtook her as she noted he was still muscled and blond with those hypnotic dark blue eyes. She could not forgive him for what he had done. She could not forgive herself for loving him still. 

His accusations of treason executed Baron Hargreaves, her father. 

Now three years after the execution, St. John is tasked with informing Celeste that the Prince-Regent affirmed Baron Hargreaves to be innocent of all charges, and declared Celeste and her siblings wards of Sheridan’s father, the powerful Duke of Richmond. Their titles were restored. Reparations would be made to the Hargreaves family.

Sheridan sought to win Celeste’s love once more. A seasoned veteran of war, he would conduct his campaign for Celeste’s heart as he had no other. It was the most important of his life, and would determine if he would . . . Touch the Sky
Touch The Sky
(excerpt)
by
Sharon Drane
TOUCH
THE SKY
by
Sharon Drane


Acknowledgements:

First let me thank the members of Ancient City Romance Authors
for their continued support and assistance. 
They truly are a group of writers who are willing to help each other.

I’d also like to thank my Texas Bluebonnets, as I think of them.
Karyn, thank you for providing your French expertise. It brought the characters to life.
Alice, thank you for teaching me about horses and answering my questions,
no matter how ignorant they were.
Jayne, thank you for being my most loyal supporter who read the first draft
and those that followed.


And finally, this one is for my mom, Barbara Holland Drane. 
She gave me her love of reading and her writing ability. 
Thank you, Mom. I miss you every day.


Prologue

London –1812

Accompanied by the sounds of the gallows rope as it twisted in the wind, Celeste soothed the tears of the younger children and settled them on the hard wooden seats. I must be strong for them. Maman is too ill to help them now. And Papa… She swallowed her sob. The children needed her.
“Are you warm enough? We have a long journey ahead of us tonight.” She wanted to distract the children from the dreadful sight outside, still visible in the twilight. 
Pulled by indifferent horses, the dark carriage crept by the gallows. The wheels creaked in accompaniment with a crescendo of sounds from the gathered crows. 
Inside the glacial interior of the shabby coach, each exhalation frosted. The cold robbed the children of speech and left their grief unspoken. Celeste offered what little comfort she could as she caressed them.
Their mother Giselle, face leached pale without expression, curled in the opposite corner and stared in silence out the window, her children apparently forgotten. 
Celeste saw drying tearstains trailed down Maman’s cheeks, as if there were no tears left. Maman’s chapped hands were a sharp contrast to her pale face as they protected her swollen belly. She focused her gaze on the corpse outside. 
Swinging slowly on the gallows, the baron’s body performed a chilling dance choreographed by desolate winds. As it spun, the face came into view. 
The well-loved face, mouth slackened in death, screamed silently at the injustice of his execution. He had died an innocent man.
“Promise me,” whispered Giselle, her voice breathless and hard to hear above the groan of the gallows and the mournful cries of the crows.
Celeste leaned forward, unable to make out the words. “What did you say, Maman?”
Her eyes still on the corpse, Giselle’s voice echoed through the dim light. “Promise me, Celeste. You will raise the children and avenge your father.” 
“Bien sûr, Maman, whatever you wish.” Celeste reached across the carriage and took Giselle’s limp hand to rub it between her own. “Maman?” She rubbed the hand harder. “Please do not give up, we need you. So much is already lost.” With no response from her mother, Celeste held her hand tighter, begging a reaction.
Giselle glanced at her eldest daughter. Celeste could see Maman’s will in her dull eyes. Her soul left, piece by piece. She awaited only the birth of their last child to follow her husband in death.
Maman cannot die. I am only eighteen. I don’t know what to do. Afraid to accept the truth, Celeste returned her attention to her sister and brother. 
Mimi, only three years old, shivered on the bench beside her. Celeste wrapped her own cloak over her baby sister and tucked the warm fabric around the little girl. 
She pulled nine-year-old William close to her on the other side, snuggled to share their warmth. He put his head on her shoulder. 
The horses plodded along the rutted road as the coach took the family farther and farther away from their father. Without him, their new world was as bleak as the ice encrusted landscape they passed.
Celeste looked out the window opposite the one that viewed the gallows. She saw a lone man, resplendent in his military uniform, astride a beautiful white stallion, watching them leave. She recognized that horse and rider. What is he doing here? How dare he come to witness the result of his treachery? As she glowered at him, he reined his horse in the opposite direction. The man’s head bent down, as if he carried a heavy burden. Celeste did not care. She never wanted to care again. Love only brought her pain.
In the gathering darkness, her sisterly duties performed, Celeste was left alone with her unwelcome thoughts. Numb with cold and the heavy burden of responsibility, Celeste packed away her grief and her fear. I have no time for these feelings. She put aside all emotion, save one. The rage inside her took over, burning bright, the one warm thing in a frigid world. I have nothing left now.
 Those who harmed our family will pay. Maman and Papa, I vow they will all pay, even the man I once loved.


Chapter One

Village of Tideswell – Derbyshire – 1815

Celeste heard the sound of a groaning rope from outside the cottage. It tore through her entire body and catapulted her back to that awful day. Mon Dieu. All of the fear she had experienced on that occasion slammed into her.  She could not move. The rhythmic noise continued as she envisioned her father hanging lifeless. It must be one of the children. Celeste defeated her terror and rushed outside. 
In the tiny garden, little Mimi gleefully swung back and forth on her newly repaired swing. Remembering to breathe, Celeste took a moment to calm her rapid heartbeat. Her gulping breaths masked the sobs of her memory. The sound of the swing with the creak of the rope echoed a body on the gallows.
A tall figure beside the swing turned to her. She forgot about being calm. Beside her precious little sister stood the man who had made orphans of them all. Colonel Sheridan St. John, whose accusations had her father executed on Tyburn Hill, smiled tentatively at her.  
The ensuing three years had been kind to him. He was tall and muscled, his blond curls close cropped. His eyes were dark blue, hypnotic in their allure. With that dimpled smile, he attracted her as much as ever.
Damn you to hell.
Without hesitation, Celeste ran to Mimi and removed her from the swing. She carried the child toward the cottage. When she had put sufficient distance between them and St. John, she turned back. “You have no business here. Go away and leave us alone.”
“But CeCe, the gentleman fixed my swing and called me Mignon.” Mimi pulled back from her. “Nobody ever calls me Mignon.”
“It was very nice of him to help us, but Colonel St. John needs to be on his way.” Celeste turned toward the cottage, determined not to speak to their enemy any longer, determined not to show him how unsettled he made her.
“Miss Hargreaves, I have come on the Prince Regent’s business. I need to speak to you.”
Carefully she put Mimi down and guided her toward the door of the small cottage. “Run along, darling. Go inside. I will be there in a moment.” 
Celeste closed the door behind Mimi. They had already lost too much. She would not allow another slaughter.  She clenched her hands to keep them from shaking and faced her adversary. “What do you mean the Prince Regent’s business?”
“It would be better if we could sit down and discuss it.” He leaned heavily on a cane.
Ignoring his suggestion, she stepped forward. “Have you come with more ugly accusations? Which one of us will you drag to the gallows next?” If they take me away, what will happen to the children? Her heart beat an irrational cadence.
 “No, Miss Hargreaves. It is nothing like that. There have been new developments in your father’s case.”
“What new developments? He is dead. There is nothing else to be done. Nothing will change his condition, nothing will bring him back.” Tears pricked her eyelids, and threatened to spill over. I will not cry in front of you. I am finished with that particular humiliation.
“Miss Hargreaves, please…”
A shower of small stones pelted the colonel, forcing him to shield his face with
his arm. 
Firing another barrage of rocks at the colonel, William displayed an excellent aim.
“Get away from my sister.” He ran nimbly in the opposite direction. 
“Stop that this minute.” Celeste grabbed for him as he ran past her, but could not catch him. 
Pausing only to reload with larger ammunition, he resumed tossing the rocks, running in a zigzag pattern. 
“I know who he is. He killed Papa.” William danced away from Celeste, only to dart back and throw more projectiles.
In the distance, drawn by the commotion, Vicar Robson lumbered toward them. Celeste saw his slow progress would not be of immediate help.
Unable to catch William and with no other recourse, Celeste acted quickly. She jumped in front of the colonel to shield him from a fresh cannonade. She would not have William accused of attempting to kill the Prince Regent’s messenger. It would be the last thing they needed.
“Miss Hargreaves, no,” St. John ordered as he put his hand on her shoulder. He was not surprised when she rolled her shoulder to shake off his touch.
“No matter what you’ve done, I cannot let William kill you. I cannot lose another member of my family to the so-called justice of the Crown.” 
At that moment, a larger stone flew through the air, striking Celeste in the forehead. Disoriented and dizzy from the blow, she started to fall.
St. John dropped his cane and caught her in his arms. “Celeste.”
Her forehead on fire, Celeste put her hands on his arms to regain her footing. “You lost the right to use my first name long ago,” she murmured, momentarily unable to stand alone.
 Fire spread through her hands as they rested on his strong arms. Puzzled, she looked into his eyes, only to see him looking intently back at her. No, it is too late for such emotion between us. 
Confused, she only knew such feeling was neither welcome nor appropriate. She pushed unsteadily back from him, resolved to allow no further liberties.
“Apologize at once, you young hellion.” The vicar’s bellowing broke the spellbound silence.
“Are you hurt, CeCe? I didn’t mean to hit you.” William, the angry, would-be assassin, reverted to a boy again, in immediate danger of tears.
Standing on her own at last, she turned to face her brother. “You must not do such things. You might have injured Colonel St. John.”
“I wish I had,” he cried, passionate once more.
Vicar Robson shook him by the ear, resembling an English bulldog, jowls shaking as if he worried a puppy. 
“If you injured the colonel, he would be within his rights to cart you away to Newgate. Would you leave your sisters with no one?”
“Ow.” He stopped fighting the vicar’s grip.  Angry tears coursed down his cheeks. “I’m sorry, I didn’t think of that.”
“You were not thinking at all, you rash young fool.” The vicar shook him once more for good measure. 
“Please, let’s have no more of this,” St. John reached with a placating hand. “It is not necessary.”
“Will you be still?” asked the vicar peering at the twelve-year-old.
“Yes sir.” William’s stance was subdued, but his eyes were rebellious.
The colonel turned back to Celeste. “Miss Hargreaves, I have come to tell you that the true traitor in your father’s case has confessed.”
Stunned, she did not respond for a moment. “What do you mean? Someone else admitted to supplying the information on English troop movements to France?”
“Hear, now, ‘tis wonderful news.” The vicar beamed with approval.
“But our father is gone. What good is this information to us now?” 
The news came three years too late. All she could think about was her gentle father’s execution, taunted by the crowds, named the greatest traitor of his age. 
Pulling a dispatch case from inside his coat, Colonel St. John handed it to Celeste. “Baron Hargreaves has been fully exonerated. I am truly sorry it is posthumous.”
Celeste looked at the parchment scroll with the seal of the Prince Regent. 
Her tears stung as she remembered how her father pleaded his innocence beneath the gallows. He had not contacted agents of the French. 
“Kill the traitor. Many good Englishmen died by that ambush. Kill him.” roared those in the crowd. 
In one day, Celeste saw her father lose his life, and her mother lose her will to live. Giselle collapsed when her husband gasped his last strangled breath. 
Carried none too gently to the hired coach, she did not soon revive. Now it was all to be erased by the setting of the Prince Regent’s seal? Celeste would never forget what was done to her parents, no matter what decrees were made. She smothered her emotions, her usual means of coping, and looked at the colonel.
“How did you find us?” They were buried in the country, living in a small cottage on the edge of a meadow, within sight of the vicarage. She taught the miners’ children. None of her pupils asked about her parents or cared about her pedigree. She hoped her family would be forgotten and safe in such a remote area.
“I made it my business to know your location,” he replied, quietly.
“In case you found evidence against me? Or is it William you seek?” She wanted to make the hateful man leave, no matter her past feelings. Go away, damn you.
“Miss Hargreaves, I…” He reached toward her.
With her head held high, she moved away from him with dignity, her physical pain forgotten. “Thank you for bringing this news to us. You may report to the Prince Regent that you performed your duty admirably, considering how distasteful it must have been.” Taking William’s hand, she wanted nothing more than to escape into the cool darkness of their drab cottage. She had to escape the scrutiny of the man she still loved. How can I feel anything for you but hatred?
“Miss Hargreaves, I am afraid that isn’t all I’m directed to tell you.”
She looked toward him once more, avoiding those eyes. 
“Yes?” Why couldn’t he simply walk away? 
I can’t take much more of this. Did you come with the sole purpose to taunt me, make me remember what I wish to forget?
St. John shifted position awkwardly. “Plans have been made to restore you to your rightful places in society.” 
“You may tell the Prince Regent it isn’t necessary.” As if a position in society could restore what they lost. It would only serve to remind them of the former friends who turned away, leaving them alone. To this day, she could see the sly faces whisper behind well-groomed hands when she and her mother entered any public gathering. She would not provide the Ton with more fodder for their gossip. She did not want to live among those people again. 
His voice gentle, St. John responded. “I am afraid he will not accept that answer. Extensive plans have been made for you, William, and little Mignon.”
She stiffly held her hands at her sides. They shook too much to be controlled in any other position. 
“We have no need of outsiders planning our lives. Now go and tell the Regent we said no thank you.” She bit off the rage filled words. The very idea. 
Vicar Robson put his hand on her shoulder. “Think of what this can mean for you all. You have done well here, but your future should be much greater than teaching the village children.” He turned to St. John. “Let us give Miss Hargreaves time to recover after her ordeal. I am sure this has been a shock for her.”
St. John picked up his cane and allowed the vicar to take his arm.
The vicar led the colonel down the path to the vicarage, glancing back at Celeste. 
“When you are ready, my dear, we can meet in my home. I am certain it will be a more congenial setting in which to discuss these matters.” 
By the stubborn look on William’s face, Celeste knew the setting might be congenial, but the discussion would not.

Sheridan walked beside the vicar but did not listen to his endless monologue. His thoughts were only of Celeste. He suppressed a sigh and remembered back to another early spring day.
“Home at last, Lieutenant?” The voice behind him was pleasant, low-pitched and mature.
He turned to address the speaker and saw a vision in blue. He looked twice, unable at first to accept the young woman before him. “CeCe, is it really you? How grown-up you are.”
Her laugh rang delightfully through the breeze. “Did you think I would still be the same? You’ve been gone five years. I’m sixteen now. Everyone calls me Celeste. I am too grown up to be CeCe.”
He took both her hands in his. “Father said your family was here. But I confess I expected to see the little . . .”
“Imp? Or do you prefer scamp?”
His lips stretched in a wide grin. “I was going to say little girl.”
“Come now, Lieutenant, you don’t fool me. I know I was a nuisance.”
“Oh you weren’t quite that bad.”
“Of course I was. I planned it that way.” She rolled her indigo eyes. “Besides, I have a baby sister now. She promises to be as much of a pest as I ever was.”
“She could never equal your fondness for mischief.”
She batted his shoulder playfully. “You haven’t changed at all. Just for that I charge you to escort me inside.” She shivered in her thin dress and open cape.
“Of course, Miss Hargreaves, I am at your command.”
“Just be certain to remember that.” Grinning, she cocked her head and raised a single eyebrow awaiting his response.
With elaborate gravity, he offered his arm. Celeste took it and he pulled her close. She felt so right on his arm, as if she would always belong there. Who would have thought the little bother who trailed after him as soon as she could walk would grow into such a delightful young lady?

 “Here we are, Colonel. Please come inside and my wife will see to your comfort while we await the Hargreaves family.”
“Thank you, Vicar.” Sheridan limped into the tidy house. He needed to sit down and rest his aching leg to focus on the battle to come. The Celeste he knew was a formidable woman who would fight to maintain control of her future. He hoped he was up to the skirmish. He had to be.


Chapter Two

In an hour Celeste cleaned and dressed the children appropriately. She put on her best gown, the worn black one she donned for church on Sundays. The clouded looking glass showed a bruise already forming on her face. 
She would not conceal her physical injuries, and the emotional scars of the past did not show. She patted her curls into place and turned away from her reflection.
They were soon seated in the vicar’s large parlor. Mrs. Robson, a thin, taciturn woman, served tea and cakes to them all. She weakened Mignon’s tea with milk.
“There now.” The vicar smiled his most beatific expression. “If everyone is comfortable, we can begin. Colonel St. John, please proceed to tell us your plans.”
Celeste covered her mocking smile at the Colonel taking orders from the stout little vicar. Good, the colonel is not omnipotent, after all.
“It is the decision of the Crown that the title of baron be restored to your family, as the hereditary line, Miss Hargreaves. Unfortunately, the lands and property were confiscated and given to others, for service to the Crown.”
“Yes, I remember.” All of their possessions were taken from them, including their clothes and the toys for the children. She often wondered if the people who received her horse, Tempête, treated her well.  
Colonel St. John was still speaking. She returned her focus to the present.
“By the grace of the Duke of Richmond, the Parkfield estate will be held for Baron Hargreaves until he reaches the age of his majority.”
The Duke of Richmond was the principal accuser against their father. 
Colonel St. John, his second son, gathered the information for the accusations. 
They ought to make reparations. Our father would be alive if not for Richmond and his son. 
The families had been close during her childhood. Until her father was accused, she worshipped Sheridan St. John. As a lovesick girl, she had dreams of a future with him. His betrayal hurt more than all the others. 
I will not allow you to hurt me again.
“As to William, he will be schooled for his role in the peerage by my family. My father will oversee his education.”
“Miss Hargreaves, you and Mignon will accompany him and reside at our home.”
She faced him, an awful suspicion rising within her. “And what will our position be while William is being schooled?”
“You have been deemed wards of the Duke.”
The devil we have. I am too old to be anyone’s ward. Feeling her face grow warm, Celeste carefully put her tea on the table. Calm yourself, your argument must be logical and sound. “Such a thing is not necessary. It is understandable William needs a proper education which could be accomplished by hiring a tutor. We could establish our residence at Parkfield. I will care for Mignon. I am a grown woman, in no need of protection, quite capable of taking care of my siblings.” 
 	She could not bear being forced to live with the austere man who betrayed their friendship and coldly destroyed her parents. 
Vicar Robson and his wife watched the conversation with avid interest. “I am afraid that would be highly improper.” The vicar blustered like a self-important rooster.
“It is what I have done here in Tideswell.”
“Of course, my dear, but here you have been under my protection.”
As she took a deep breath, Celeste vowed she would not scream. Her hands tightened into fists in her lap. “I appreciate all you have done for us. You have been kind to arrange for my position. But we are quite capable of managing on our own, given property and staff.”
“Nonsense, you are a young woman, hardly more than a child. You need a man’s protection.” 
“If you were to marry, perhaps your husband would allow you to care for your siblings.” He looked at the colonel, speculation in his eyes. 
On no, you will not make a match between us. Horrified at the direction of the man’s glance, Celeste responded quickly. “I will never marry. I promised my mother to raise my brother and sister until they are adults, established in their own lives.” That settles that.
“I know she was a foreigner, but surely she did not mean for you to forego your female duty.” Given the excitement of the day and the number of cakes he consumed, the vicar’s face turned an ugly red.
Selecting her words carefully, Celeste waited to respond. “Maman was justifiably concerned about the future of my brother and sister, as any mother would be. Rearing the children for my parents is my duty as I see it.” There has to be some way around the decree. I need time to think, to plan.
	Colonel St. John stood with some difficulty.  “I am afraid the decision rests not with me but with my father. It is his wish that we return to Sussex. We will start the journey tomorrow morning. Please be ready.” 
 Bowing to the ladies, he relinquished the field and turned to leave.
Robson rose from his comfortable chair and refreshments to accompany his aristocratic guest to the door. “I will see that they are prepared to leave as you requested.” 
Neither man saw William come up behind them. “I will not go with you,” he said suddenly. “You are a murderer. I will not live with your father. He is a murderer, too.” The boy ran swiftly out the door and down the steps. “Nobody can make me.”
“William, come back here.” He ignored Celeste’s order. She ran after him, followed by St. John and the rest of the group.
St. John stumbled awkwardly to his horse and mounted by the sheer force of his will. He grimaced at the pain and followed the boy who had already disappeared into the forest.
Celeste stood on the steps, holding Mimi’s hand. She could no longer see her brother or the colonel.
“Why did ‘Liam run away?” asked Mimi, her eyes wide at the exciting events before her.
“He is afraid, darling.” Celeste knew William had every right to be fearful. I don’t want to live with them, either. They are such frightful people, betraying our parents’ trust. We will be forced to answer to them for everything we have. 
 Her fear loomed as great as her brother’s. Without the title, William could have a life of freedom. He could choose his own path. As the baron, he would have the responsibilities of an estate as well as the family. Would such a life be what he wants?
A commotion from the tree line drew her attention. St John caught William and pulled him onto the huge stallion. William twisted and turned trying to break free. The colonel held him still and managed the horse.
“Please don’t hurt him,” Celeste called as they neared the vicarage. She descended the steps, with Mimi right behind her.
St. John let go of the boy, allowing him to slide to the ground in front of the house. “He is not harmed.” The colonel unsteadily dismounted, favoring his leg. 
“Thank you,” her tone was curt. She held out her arm to keep Mimi from going farther.
St. John bowed to her. “I do not wish to see any of you harmed. The Prince Regent is personally interested in your welfare.” 
The Prince Regent is personally interested? That doesn’t bode well. A commotion drew her attention. In horror she watched William take a running jump and vault onto the huge stallion’s back, kicking him hard.
“Go, blast you. Go!”
“William, do not scream at him. He is a warhorse who participated in many battles. He can be unpredictable if provoked.” St. John attempted to catch the loosely flying reins as his horse contorted and reared.
The boy screamed louder. “I don’t have to listen to you. I don’t have to go with you.” He grabbed the reins and recklessly whipped the stallion’s neck.
“Liam, no.” cried Celeste seeing the fear in the rolling eyes of the horse.
The steed bucked his hindquarters into the air and successfully lost his troublesome rider. He ran headlong down the road as if chased by the most voracious hounds of hell.
Jolted off the horse, William flew up into the air before he landed on his side with a horrible crack. He lay where he fell, unconscious on the dirt.
On her knees beside him in an instant, Celeste became calmly efficient in the crisis. 
She ran her hands over his still body. His arm was bent at an odd angle. “We will need the doctor quickly please. His arm is broken.” 
Vicar Robson nodded, moving as fast as he could. “I will send one of the servants for him. Let us have William carried to the cottage.”
“Thank you.” Celeste got to her feet. She pulled a sobbing Mimi into her protective arms. “There now, do not cry. William will be fine.” Just the mere mention of having their rank restored had awful consequences. How would the Prince Regent view the news of the afternoon’s debacle? She looked up to see St. John hovering near them.
“Hadn’t you better go after your horse?” If you don’t leave I swear I will strike you. I don’t want you near us. 
“If you’re certain I can’t be of assistance here, perhaps it would be best.” He bowed to her and limped toward the road. 
“You have done quite enough. I hope you’re satisfied with your work this day.” She turned her back to him.
The vicar dispatched one of his servants for the local doctor and another to carry William back to the cottage.

Celeste did not see St. John again until long after darkness had fallen. She stood by William’s bed when St. John appeared in the doorway. 
You dare walk into our home unannounced?
Warning St. John to be silent with a finger to her lips, Celeste turned back to her sleeping brother. She smoothed the threadbare quilt over him, tucking him in like she had years before.  
St John inclined his head toward the boy and whispered. “Is he all right?”
“He will be, no thanks to you.” She gathered up the remains of the doctor’s visit and led the way into the main room. “Dr. Jenkins put a splint on his broken arm and gave him valerian tea. He should sleep through the night.” 
Celeste noticed the colonel’s cane was missing, his limp more pronounced. She felt the first trace of sympathy for him in several years, and fought it back. No. I have no time for sympathy for St. John.
“Why have you come here this late? It is hardly proper. The vicar would be shocked.” Even after all that happened he was dangerous to her, making her long for what she could not have. 
“I wanted to inquire about William’s condition.”
“As you saw he is resting comfortably. Is there anything else you wish to say?”
“No, thank you. I will return to the vicarage.” St. John turned to go. He dragged his injured leg slowly.
In spite of her distaste, Celeste could not turn him out like that. She must be charitable, even to him. To do otherwise would be disloyal to her childhood teachings. “Please sit down for a moment and rest.” What happened to you? How were you wounded? … No, it does not matter. I must not care about you.
He eased down onto the old settee, his injured leg held out stiffly. His fine uniform was mud-spattered. His blond curls fell on his forehead in wild disarray.
“Your door stood open. You should be more careful.”
“Yes, all sorts of animals might find their way inside. In the rush to help William, I forgot to bar the door. I will remedy my lapse as soon as you leave.” 
She poured him a cup of tea and brought it to the rickety table beside him. I am only being polite, after all. She was merely curious, certainly not concerned about him. “Did you find your horse?”
“Yes, I found him. Then I had to persuade him to come back with me.” He eyed the tea. “That is not valerian, is it?”
“No. It’s common black tea, perhaps a bit weaker than your customary tea.” She pushed the cup toward him. “Drink it. You look as though you need it.” He looked so bedraggled she could not help but offer comfort.
Impulsively, she leaned toward him and brushed the curls off his forehead, as she thought of the distant past. He had been so jovial then, so funny. When was the last time I truly laughed? I cannot remember. Laughter died on the gallows with her father and her future.
His large hand wrapped around her delicate wrist, pulling her closer. “That is a dangerous maneuver, Miss Hargreaves.” 
Without hesitation, she slapped him hard across the face with her free hand. “So is that, Colonel St. John. Do not touch me.” How dare you, after all you have done?
He did not drop her hand. Instead he looked at her with those deep eyes. 
Captivated, the years faded away for her. She remembered this man and the feelings he invoked in her. Oh Sheridan, it has been so long. 
She moved inevitably nearer, drawn to him. She remembered well the taste of his lips, the feel of his arms around her. She yearned for the security of those arms. I love you, I always have.
A popping log on the hearth abruptly brought her back to the dingy little parlor. Her breath caught and she pulled back from him no longer bemused. 
She had no business succumbing to this man. He had ruthlessly stolen all of her security. No, you are my enemy.
She pushed against him and backed away, as far as she could. Mystified by her conflicting feelings, she stared at him. 
Why can this man turn my will to mush?
 He gently released her. “I’m not sorry for taking your hand.” 
“I can see that. It is time for you to leave, Colonel St. John, or must I scream to alert the vicar?”
He rose and bowed formally to her, a mark from her hand visible on his cheek. “Miss Hargreaves.”
Briefly sorry for slapping him, Celeste shuttered her heart. So you have a mark where I hit you. My own wounds go much deeper than my skin. They are wounds of your making.
Celeste watched him slowly drag his leg to make his way out of the cottage. I will not yield to you again. She dropped the bar across the door as soon as he left. There would be no repeat of her momentary weakness. She would make certain of it, no matter the temptation. Tears welled as she sank onto the settee.

As he hobbled through the darkness, Sheridan thought of Celeste. His heart all but died when he lost her. He buried his grief when he joined his regiment, only to have it return as he lay fevered in the field hospital, his leg slashed to the bone. 
When he finally returned to England, he learned of Baron Hargreaves’ innocence. His horror at his role in the baron’s execution sickened him, much more than the French officer’s saber that had nearly destroyed him. 
How could he have been so wrong? Everywhere he turned, they all said the same thing: Baron Henry Hargreaves was the traitor passing information to the French. 
Even one of the smugglers told him the man who paid him to take the note was a “red-haired gent named Henry.” Why would the man lie? He faced his own charges.
 Sheridan stumbled through the dark night, ignoring the pitfalls of the uneven path, not caring if he fell. His thoughts were riveted on his guilt, for that’s what it was. He came to the inevitable conclusion and vowed to atone for his crime against Celeste and her family.
With the absolution of the baron, he had the opportunity to begin his penance. He had insisted his father allow him to retrieve the Hargreaves family, though he was not fully recovered from his wound.
When he first saw Celeste in Tideswell, he admitted his love for her was still strong. Though there were moments where she softened toward him, he was unsure of her feelings. She would not forgive him easily for what he did. He could not forgive himself.
The reunion did not progress as he hoped. He could not resist the opportunity to touch her. Despite the events of the day, seeing her again made him whole for a moment.
Now, Sheridan’s leg ached too much to mount his stallion. He trudged through the night leading Thor and thinking of Celeste. He had watched her incredible violet eyes flash back at him. It reminded him of their shared past. 
Even in plain garb, she was elegant in her posture. Her black curls against her pale skin made her a woman of lovely contrasts. Petite in stature, she faced him as an equal. 
Disguised as hatred, her passion burned within her, giving Sheridan hope they could find their way back to each other. It would take much effort and patience to overcome their difficulties, peel away the layers of pain for both of them. Though possible, it would be a lengthy battle with an unknown outcome. 
A veteran with many victories, he was used to battle. He had survived the bloody battles of the Peninsula. Many Englishmen did not. Winning Celeste would take a concentrated campaign. She would not capitulate easily.
They belonged to each other. He simply had to convince her. 
Author and actress Sharon Drane is noted for her kazooing skills. But that's only scratching the surface of her many talents.

Sharon began dance lessons at two years of age. In her high school drill team, she not only performed dance routines, but twirled as well. At the age of 16, Sharon's grandmother insisted on classical voice lessons. As a drama major in college, she appeared in lots of productions. The standout was Arsenic and Old Lace in which she played Aunt Abby. Her directing officially began in college and  she has since directed roughly 25 productions

Sharon wrote short stories and occasional poetry while in high school, then wrote Star Trek stories that were published in several fanzines. This led to her first two novels. Both are currently living sealed in boxes where they belong.

Two years ago, Sharon started a blog that quickly became popular: The Author & Pop Culture Diva, featuring film, book, television, and music reviews, as well as "thought pieces."

She is deeply involved in Native American culture, art, jewelry, and spirituality.
As a child, Sharon played the piano and the guitar. As an adult, she is fascinated by drums, and makes her own. When a Native American makes a drum, he or she puts a voice in it so that it will sing its own song. Sharon's elkhide drum really has a musical tone to it, quite a lovely voice. "But that's due to Spirit," she says. "Not to anything I did."

 She loves Hawaii and has had the privilege of visiting the islands several times in her life—the first time was when she won a trip in a radio contest.
