Treasa’s Story

By

Noelle Ryan


*****


Published by

Noelle Ryan at Smashwords

Copyright 2015 Noelle Ryan



This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents

Prologue
Chapter 1-The Early Days
Chapter 2-On the Shelf
Chapter 3-This is it!
Chapter 4-The Storm
Chapter 5-Life goes on
Chapter 6-The Ceili
Chapter 7-Girls night out
Chapter 8-Seasons of Change
Chapter 9-A New Love
Chapter 10-Time for Friends
Chapter 11-The Crack!
Chapter 12-The Reading
Chapter 13-The Casting
Chapter 14-Opening Night
Chapter 15-Hot Water
Chapter 16-New Venue
Chapter 17-Tribulations
Chapter 18-New Beginnings
Epilogue

Author’s Note
As this story is set in North West Donegal the English used is European. This means the spelling is different for many words when compared to American English. For example, labor/labour.
The way people are named is also quite unique to this part of Ireland. As many families have similar last names a method is employed to help distinguish one from another. Instead of using a last name, the first names of their father and paternal grandfather are used instead. For example, Hughie Tom Ned.
The text is sprinkled with greetings and phrases in Gaelic that realistically depicts how the people of this region converse with one another.

Treasa’s Story

Prologue

The curtain went down in the theatre and for a moment there was a complete suspension of time, for me. In that brief moment I was struck with both awe and fear. There I was in the renowned Abbey theatre in Dublin, having just viewed my own play brought to life by some of the best talent in Ireland. But, did the audience like it? The suspense ended when the theatre erupted in thunderous applause and I felt both relieved and elated! They liked it!
Hi, it's me! I have so much to tell you! It was great! I just got back yesterday. The play was a huge hit! Well a minor hit for Dublin maybe, but a huge hit for me! They were all there, the family, Sarah, Maeve, Deirdre and of course Aisling. Afterwards, they all wanted me to go out celebrating, but I knew I would be celebrating for the rest of my life, so I chose to be alone that night. This had been a very profound journey for me culminating with that first opening night. I wanted, needed, time to reflect in private, to assimilate the flotsam of emotions that vied with each other for recognition. Once done, the time for celebration could begin in earnest!
I went back to my hotel room. It was all so exhilarating! I felt so content! For the first time in my life, I felt I was not being torn in all different directions. For the first time in my life, I felt I was being true to myself and it felt good. No more pretending.
Aisling knowing in advance that I wanted the night to myself had booked me in for one night in the exclusive Brian Boru Inn. The décor was lavish, displaying Irish Art in all its forms, from Carrickmacross lace, to Beleek china, and Irish wool carpets in stunning royal blue and gold intertwined in an intricate Celtic design. There was a wide open hearth, burning turf, the smell of which had the immediate though contradictory effect of making me feel at home and yet homesick! By the large window was a harp, played beautifully by a lady in a long dark green velvet gown. The music was haunting and evocative. There were of course paintings of Brian Boru himself including the famous depiction of the eighty year old warrior on his knees praying while the battle of Clontarf is waged outside his tent. His assassin is shown moving stealthily into the kill position. Inviting as the lobby was, it was not the place for private ruminations so I went upstairs to my room.
The room was the height of indulgence! Well I haven't been in that many hotel rooms that I can compare, but to me, it was fabulous! It had a huge four poster bed! It was the size of the proverbial football pitch! I blushed just looking at it! Imagine the time that could be had getting lost in its softness! And...found! The walls were mahogany panelled, and decorated with many old paintings, notably Jack Yeats among others. Mostly depicted, were pastoral scenes of famous places and castles in Ireland. I walked around the room, touching the warm wood with my fingers almost feeling the history of other days. Rumour has it, that King James found rest and sustenance here, when he came over to Ireland seeking help from the Irish in his attempt to regain his crown. It seems he needed the rest before crossing the Irish Sea back to England as he was given short shrift by the Irish who routed him! It had something to do with broken promises! A seemingly Royal British past-time!
The bed was covered in a beautiful rose chintz bedspread. No modern down comforters here! There was an antique armoire and an old-fashioned dresser with a blue china jug of water sitting in a bowl or basin, a nod to older traditions of hygiene. Fortunately there was also a modern bathroom attached! I blessed Aisling for choosing this place. A better place for such a night, I just can't imagine!
There was a glass chandelier hanging from the ceiling in the centre of the room. I got up on a stool to investigate, but I couldn't make out if it was Waterford or not. Never mind, I pretended it was, it suited my mood!
There was a beautiful antique chair upholstered in rich damask fabric. It had some soft cushions just inviting a body to sit and relax. Which is exactly what I did!
I sat down and let a roar out of me! Yahoo!!! I clamped my hand over my mouth in stunned shock at what it had just done without checking with me first!! I didn't know where that came from, it just burst out of me! I nearly died with fright thinking the manager and half the staff would be up to my room to boot me out, finding out what they probably suspected to begin with, that I was an imposter! But after half an hour went by and no-one showed up...I breathed again!
So there I was, in the lap of luxury and I said to myself, "You know what you're going to do, Treasa Gallagher? You're going to have yourself a bottle of the finest French wine and do what you like to do best, think with a drink!”
It's funny, some people spend a lifetime trying to escape it, thinking, I mean. Most people find it too unpleasant being confronted by their own thoughts, or feelings. I've found a pleasure in it now, though it took some cultivating. When you spend enough time on your own, what started as isolation for me, changed over time into self-awareness and eventually, self appreciation. I've gotten to the stage where I actually like myself. I can appreciate time alone now. It's a time to reflect. Sometimes I just play childhood tapes in my head and relive past joys. It’s a time to think about my life and the people I love. Sometimes I create imaginary dialogues between invented characters, for my own amusement. Often I use it to simply daydream. I am never bored.
I picked up the phone and asked for a bottle of wine and no, not a pack of cigarettes! I've come a long way baby, but not as those cigarette ads would have you believe! They use feminism as a freedom call to kill yourself. I've found my freedom! And so, I settled myself comfortably for the night ahead. I thought about the first time I started writing. It started as a way of letting my feelings out and it developed into a past-time. It was about this time last year. My goodness, how miserable I was then!
I had brought my old journal with me and I began to read.


Chapter 1 The Early Days


An introduction would probably be a good idea! My name is Treasa Gallagher. I'm twenty-eight years old and I'm dying. I have come to you as my last resort, and I feel the benefit already. No, I'm not really dying. Not physically anyway, but I'm miserable. Can you help me? I hope so.
I am a housewife. That is my identity. That doesn't exactly qualify me for the suicide squad I know, but here's my story. Forgive my interruptions, I frequently smoke under duress, but I know you won't hold it against me!
I'm in trouble. Not with the law, or with anyone, for that matter, only with myself and I desperately need help. Can I tell you how I feel? Oh, you have no idea how good it is to talk about it! I mean write about it! I feel I can't talk about it to anyone, not even those closest to me. I feel a hole inside me that no-one, or thing can fill. A deep loneliness that is so soulful it denies expression. But I must express it! And so I have come to you. I make no demands of you, only to listen to my story, to my heart, as I can't relate it to anyone else.
Let me start at the beginning. I live in the Northwest of County Donegal. It is the most beautiful place on the face of this earth! Its magical and primeval ruggedness have been and still are a great source of comfort and joy for me. I grew up in a wonderful, warm, loving family. Not exactly a backdrop for such a troubled spirit, I grant you. Much of the problem is internal, I think. That's why I'm writing this.
Anyway, let me not digress. I am the second youngest in a sprawling family of nine. Not unusual for my generation, though becoming a rarity today, a mere double-decade later. I won't name all the members of my family, only those most involved with my dilemma. Many of my older brothers and sisters had left home by the time I was a teenager. There was my mother and father of course, and my older brother, Ciaran, who's a darling, and my sister, Aisling.
I had such a happy childhood! There was always a hubbub of activity in our house! It seemed like we were just getting over one holiday when another one was on the way! Dad was a whiz on the fiddle so there was never a dull moment! In the long winter months the kitchen was a centre for Irish music from evening to the wee hours of the morning! My mother loved the comings and goings as much as the rest of us. She is so proud of Dad.
My mother was and is a very special woman. A devout Catholic, she instilled in us the love of God, who was to become my rock, when I finally turned to Him. It is to my mother that I give credit to, for the inspiration that started me off, writing. She imparted her love of learning and reading, to us, that would fan the fires of my imagination and prompt me to express the words that burned within.
Mom had been to secondary school which was a privilege at that time as women of her generation did not need an education, in order to get married. She loves to read and somehow found time to read to us regularly amid her many chores that go with a large family. Perhaps we were lucky, Aisling and I, being the youngest, as Mom had more time to do things with us. At least that's what my older brothers and sisters tell me. Whatever the reason I thank God she did.
We grew up on stories from Irish mythology. We learned of the escapades of Cuchulann and the Red Branch Knights, the adventures of Fionn McCumhaill and the Fianna. We learned of the fortunes and misfortunes of St. Patrick and the Golden Age in Ireland. We learned of the reseeding of Christianity by the Irish Missionaries after the Dark Ages in Europe. We learned of the Brehon Law which served as the law of the land for almost two millennia. A complex law under which the peasant and the prince received equal treatment. This was replaced in the seventeenth century by British law. The British had one law for themselves and one for the Irish Catholic. The veritable double standard flourished under their rule!
Mom has a great love of Irish poetry and would pick out humorous and melodious poems for our pleasure. Among my favourites were the Triads of Ireland an ancient and irreverent poem, but very insightful! Then there was William Allinghams’ poems. My favorites being "The Faeries" and "The Leprechaun", were not only rhythmical and comical but also evocative. I have no doubt that it was this fertile ground that nourished the seed of my imagination, and allowed it to take root and eventually give rise to my love of writing.
Dad was the quiet peacemaker in the house. Being a large family we were constantly at war over some perceived injustice or other. Dad was always there to calm the waters. He had a remedy for the noise makers. He would always find work to do for the aggressors, whether it was weeding the garden, cleaning out the garage or a mission over the rocks looking for carageen. People always commented on our beautiful garden, our neat garage and the wonderful milk puddings that were made from the carageen moss! Little did they know they were the fruits of penance!
Aisling and I were separated by only ten months. We were the proverbial “Irish twins” a euphemism coined that highlighted the rapidity with which Irish women got pregnant! Well I for one, am not complaining! We certainly were as close as two people in a family can be, growing up. It was great! We shared everything! We were so close that sometimes when I started a sentence Aisling would finish it!
Our village of Glenbeg is very small. It consists of one hotel, a chemist, a petrol pump station, a shop that sold everything and of course the local pub. There are of course, houses connecting all these businesses, on one street. The purple heather covered mountains rise up behind the town and the rugged coastline is in front. There are golden strands (beaches) around every bend of coast and emerald islands dotting the horizon. The islands had once been home to many clans but were now bereft of human habitation, leaving the sheep which still were raised there to enjoy the beauty of rolling green hills, steep cliffs, black caves with sea arches, and sea stacks breaking the foam of the wild and turbulent sea. On a clear day the beauty is breath-taking! On a wild and stormy day the beauty is terrifying.
The homes of the village are brightly painted in colours of yellow, peach, brown and beige to mention a few. Perhaps it was a subconscious action on the part of the dwellers to have bright cheerful colours in a land with almost artic-like dark winters, due to its northern latitude. Whatever the reason, the bright colours always make me smile. I love to turn the bend in the road and see the gaily coloured homes of my friends and neighbours and of course my family home, included.
Not far from the town is a crossroads where Deirdre’s home sits. One of the roads is the coast road which goes over a pretty granite bridge. The Clogherlan River flows beneath. What a beautiful river! Boulder strewn, wide and turbulent in places, and elsewhere calm and deep. I love that river! It is one of the few rivers in Ireland where the “fish stories” are actually true! The salmon really ARE four feet long! Their numbers really ARE as thick as your fingers, when they migrate upstream for the great mating game. I remember Aisling and I would go down to the Clogherlan River and run with sheer pleasure along the rabbit trails! The thrill of youth bursting out of us! Other times we would sit quietly by the rivers’ edge watching the salmon run and I would spin yarns for Aisling about their watery world. We would pretend to be those salmon and imagine ourselves making the long gruelling trek home outwitting the fly-fishermen and the midnight poachers! Ours was a world of the senses and how we relished it! I thought I was the luckiest girl in the world! Then, the teenage years came around. That's when my troubles began.
I don't know when it was that I looked in the mirror and realised I had the wrong body. God must have made a mistake! I saw a big country girl with a ruddy complexion and thick limbs and worst of all, a bosom that never ended. I would say to myself, "How can this be? I who hate undue attention! How can I be cursed with this grossness of fecundity that is supposed to represent the reflection of the inward me." Well no! What I actually thought to myself is, “Look at you! You’re nothing but a big elephant! The Dolly Parton of Glenbeg!” Even though I was not overweight, I gave the impression of being so. The bulk had a way of projecting my presence into a room at the very time in my development when I needed more privacy. It was such a perverse twist of Nature to have betrayed me like this.
I used to have a dream, still do sometimes. The dream was there long before my body began to betray me. In the dream I am standing on a small moonlit rocky ledge up on the mountain, with a gentle breeze wafting over me. As the way of dreams can be, I don't know if I am human or animal in form. I can't really say which, with any certainty, but there are definite elements I can distinguish. Every fibre of my being is quivering with delight from the almost overwhelming sensations pulsating around me. Everything is so alive! The plants, animals, even the rocks seem to have consciousness! But it is the wind that captures my attention! What a mundane word for something so vibrantly elusive and yet so all pervasive! It shows the narrow plane of sensory awareness that we humans live on.
The wind washes over me like a soft hand alternately caressing and cajoling me. It lifts my hair playfully and just as quickly releases it to gravity. It fills my lungs with the sweet smell of damp life. It carries night smells of exquisite beauty that many plants only yield in darkness. The thrill of life is carried on its breath!
In this dream I am all quaking, shivering energy. Like an arrow from a bow could I wing aloft in aerial flight! My body is not a sum of parts but a wonderful sensual, lithe autonomy. Alive and primed to respond to whatever stimulus is sent its way. I feel in communion with the earth, at one with Nature, even plant form. I can just as easily sense the life flowing through the vascular systems of the greenery around me as I can feel the wordless instincts of the animal life there present. The plants are every bit as much alive, interacting with the air around them and responding though more slowly, to the physical world. The affinity I feel in this wild state is stronger than anything I've ever felt in my "real" life. Sometimes when I'm alone with Nature I get a tantalising glimmer of it, like a window opening, letting a memory in, of life before the Fall, when all creation was in Divine Harmony. This is the first time I've ever written this down. It looks strange in print. And yet, it's real to me. Oh, I tried once, to tell Aisling, but she looked so puzzled that I gave it up. I don't know why I'm even writing it down now. I just feel it is so important to me, in order to understand myself. Maybe the dream personifies that oneness with Nature that I feel so deeply and maybe it’s why I loathe my body, because I see it as a barrier to that feeling of oneness, that. lightness of being that I yearn for, but will never have.
Perhaps it is because of this dream that I have such a love of horses! Was I a horse in the dream? If ever an animal symbolised the raw fire of life, it is the horse! Anyway, enough about my dream! The important thing is this, the way I feel about my body and how I wish it was. No!! I don't mean that I should look like a horse! But certainly something more motionally poetic than the reality it is. I’ve never had a desire for good looks or an attractive body. I only wanted a body that was lithe and light and could carry me far away when I need to run.
Aisling on the other hand, is the opposite of me. She also is tall and dark. But there the similarity ends. She is slim and willowy and has beautiful long, shining raven-black curly hair. Her dimples smile effortlessly on the world and beguile it. Her skin is milky white and her dark eyebrows and eyelashes contrast strongly against such a pure background. She has big startlingly grey eyes that dance in her face when she talks. She is in fact a living metaphor of Irish Beauty. Her elegance emphasised my bulk. She understood that. And it was a cross for her just as much as it was for me. It is a testament to her largeness of heart that she felt my pain from being compared to her. While we are very close we are also very different. I could not tell her of my pain. How could I? It was her pain too and it lay like a silent wedge between us.
I remember the day I confronted my image in the mirror and said to myself, "You are ugly. Just accept it." and I cried. I never told anyone. Who could I tell? Who could help me? Earlier in the day, we had been walking back from school, Aisling and I. It was a beautiful autumn day and we were collecting leaves. We were going to put them in a notebook and keep them. We used to love to do things like that. There aren't that many trees around the windswept hills of Donegal that can provide leaves for collecting. However, there was one exception. On the road home from school, just before our house is an old abandoned manor of the kind the English used to live in, back in the old days. It was a summer home for an English gentleman in the days of occupation. It was abandoned after 1922 and no-one has laid claim to it since. It has a grey concrete facade and eight large windows facing the only road that passes through Glenbeg. There are four windows on top and four on bottom. There are six chimneys though now in some disrepair as indeed the house itself is. It has a semi-circular driveway that enabled a horse and carriage to enter and leave easily and its driveway is lined with trees. It has the only decent mature trees in all of Glenbeg!
We were about fifteen at the time, we were standing under the old elms, sycamore, and oaks when Maurice Devlin went by. I had just spotted some lovely autumn coloured leaves and was bending down to pick them up. Maurice stopped and with a sleazy grin on his pimply face said,
"Here let me get that for you, Treasa, you look like you might fall over! I mean you're carrying the milk for the neighbourhood there!" I looked up at him in surprise confused by his comment though his leering look did not escape me. I didn't know what he meant straight away so I said,
"What are you talking about?" Aisling must have known, because she said,
"Get out of here, Maurice Devlin! You’re nothing but a dirty vulgarian from start to finish and the whole neighbourhood knows it!"
When I heard the tone of her voice it began to sink in what he meant. I was mortified! I didn't speak a word for the rest of the way home. Aisling made up for it by dismissing him as an Amadan and went on to make small talk to cover for my silence. It was my initiation for what was to come. That's when I built the barrier, so nobody would know how I hurt. I decided there was no-one I could talk to about it. The human psyche is resilient and I found a way to cope with it, enough to hide from others, how I truly felt.
It was fifth year in secondary school that I found my niche. I could not be the most athletic, the most academic, or the most attractive but I did earn a reputation for being funny. Not hilarious, but funny. I could do impersonations to a fair degree of accuracy and as long as the subjects were sufficiently unpopular (as some teachers were), my deficiencies were supplemented by willing imaginations! It's a fact in Irish society, all manner of vices are forgiven, if the owner of those vices can make you laugh! I've seen lots of questionable people accepted by their peers as long as they're a good laugh. Humour is the social currency in Ireland. In a climate like ours where one may not see the sun from one season to the next, anyone or anything that can cheer a drooping spirit may literally be a lifesaver in a country where suicide is a leading cause of death in healthy adults. And so, humour is the whitewash that covers a multitude of sins in our society. Could be worse I suppose.
Our group was made up of Deirdre, Sarah, Maeve, Aisling and myself. We did everything together. We used to have so much fun. One of our favourite places to go was a small bay off the main strand, and we'd stretch out on the cool yellow sand and spin faery tales of how our futures would be.
I remember one particular day. We had just finished our Leaving Certificate Exam and would be soon unleashed on the world. The relief to be done with school was physical. We had planned what we were going to do weeks in advance. If the day was good, we were going to go down to the strand, to our favourite spot and bring a picnic and we were going to talk about everything under the sun, except Exams!
The last exam was Biology that year. We finished at 12:30pm on Friday afternoon the 25th of June 1980. The weather was glorious! A heatwave had swept across the Island and was predicted to last three weeks! We were delirious from the sudden release of the intense pressure of the Exams. The plans were finalised the night before, so all we had to do was go home and change out of our uniforms and pick up our picnic bags.
Aisling and I started on the strand road about 2pm. The road was empty except for a few stragglers like ourselves that were going down for a swim. There were no tourists out yet though. They usually didn't come until July. We climbed the top of the last dune and there lay the little inlet that we regarded as our own as it was never used even when the summer season was in full swing. Well, for a reason, it was a good ten minutes’ walk from the main stretch which was a mile long as it was!
Maeve and Deirdre were there already with the blanket laid out on the sand. Deirdre is almost like another sister to me. She is one of those rare people who are so empathetic that you feel that they experience your emotions exactly as you do yourself. She is a green eyed strawberry blonde. Something that we used to give her endless grief about either calling her a dumb blonde or a tinker that got her red highlights by a camp side fire! She shares with me a passion for horses and we usually spent our holidays working in the riding stables every summer. She is of medium height, a little shorter than me, slender, and full of bounce. She is the one that gets us to do things, otherwise I think we would never bother our heads. It was her idea to have the picnic. But as always we were only too happy to follow and secretly delighted that we had someone to deluge us with possibilities.
Maeve is the shortest of us all. She has light brown hair in a bob that frames her pretty even featured face. She is slim though I don’t know how since she’s always eating sweets! Maeve is quite unlike Deirdre. She is more relaxed, preferring to spend her evenings curled up reading a book or doing crosswords or playing chess. Her interests are definitely more stationary than Deirdre’s! However like Deirdre she tends to be very goal oriented. She had her life planned out in front of her with most of the fine details only needing minor refinements. She is the smartest of us all, academically and we all took it for granted she would succeed in whatever she set herself to do.
Deirdre waved to us and shouted,
"Did you bring any lemonade?" Aisling pulled out a big bottle from the bag in answer. We flopped down on the sand beside them and asked where Sarah was. Maeve said, “She had to run to the shop for her mother but she won't be long. But she warned me to tell you not to start without her!" Sarah was Deirdre's cousin. She was a big girl like myself but it didn't seem to bother her. Sarah was one of those people whose personalities are totally integrated with their bodies, a true autonomy. She revelled in her sexuality in a completely earthy way. But then she was so wonderfully unselfconscious about everything she did. Tact was not her strongest suit! I honestly believe she really didn't understand most of the nuances that she encountered in her life unless they came and slapped her in the face! She could never be accused of being duplicitous!
We were all disparate in temperament, sensitivity and interests, yet our differences complemented one another so well. It made for a truly interesting mix! Ours was indeed a special friendship, the kind not easily formed in later life. Perhaps when friendships are formed in youth, so much is revealed, it lays claim to a powerful loyalty.
Behind us Sarah came tramping through the sand.
"For the love of Mike, why the hell do we have to pick a spot in outer Mongolia as our "turf"? Wouldn't the top of the strand be good enough for ye?" she complained good naturedly. She was not keen on exercise, of any form!
"I brought my camera girls, we have to make this a day to remember!" she added good-naturedly. And the peculiar thing is, that day is framed in my mind as if my mind were the photographic print on which it was recorded on.
We all settled down and chatted excitedly about all the little ordinary things in our lives as we laid out the goodies in front of us. The sun felt wonderful on our parchment skin. The tide was on its way in, so we camped ourselves at a safe distance, for the three hours more, it would take for it to complete its journey, before retreating once more. The little islands off the coast glittered in a wealth of sun spun diamonds that twinkled merrily on the jade coloured water. Everything was perfect!
It was always our tradition to start on the food right away as it gave us a replete beginning to start on the main course of our conversation which gave us considerably more satisfaction.
The conversation invariably turned to boys. Sarah, Deirdre and Aisling were going out with fellas but myself and Maeve were free, or, on the “loose” as we used to say! Sarah, was always trying to set me up with some one. She felt nobody could be happy unless they had a fella of some description! Maeve had made it clear she wasn't interested in anyone locally.
"Sure, between the three of you, you've wrapped up the only talent around here anyway." she said. Sarah poked me and said, "You're holding out on us, I just know it! Come on, who is it?" Deirdre laughed and said,
"You're impossible! You just don't give up, do you, Sarah?"
"Arrah, sure that's half the fun, isn't it? Trying to weasel the secrets out of those who don’t want to give them up! Come on just give us a clue, Treasa? You know you have all the fella’s lined up at the dances dying to go out with you, and you just keep them all guessing!" The reality of course was not as romantic as the picture she painted. Yes, there were SOME, lined up, for the SLOW sets! They just wanted to get physically close, and pull me in to feel me against them. I hated it! I would feel disgusted with them and with my body for inviting such unwanted attention. But, there was an essence of truth in what she said. There was someone. Aisling knew. I knew she knew, though I never told her, but we are like that.
There was this one fella, Column. He was a lot older than I. At least, then, it seemed so. Now ten years later, five years difference means nothing. He lived a few miles outside of town. His family owned a fishing boat. Often I would see him with his two brothers and his father. He stood head and shoulders over them though they were not small men. He was very good looking. He had a strong athletic build that many of the young fishermen have until home cooked meals and Guinness grow paunches on them! The hard physical life, made for tough strong men. His face and hands were tan from constant exposure. He had thick dark hair with a cow’s lick in the front that made him look boyish. His features were even with a nice straight nose and beautiful white teeth in the rare times he flashed them in a smile. But it was his eyes that captivated me. They were an amazing color of blue! Like the color of the sky on a sunny summers’ day or like the sea. And just like the sea, they hinted at great depths and turbulences. I used to call him my dark, brooding Heathcliff. Sometimes Aisling and I would meet him in the evening if we were going to the crossroads to meet Deirdre. He would always stop and chat. He was not like the other good looking fellas in the area who were puffed up with their own importance, being few in a small pond made for great demand. He seemed unaware of his attractions, which in my books added a new virtue to his list. He actually didn't seem to place much value on style or appearances other than having a well-scrubbed look. I couldn't look at anyone else. I was totally infatuated with him. Once in a while he would come to the Ceili's that were a frequent occurrence in our house. He rarely spoke at those times, he just would sit quietly and tap his foot to the beat of the bodhran. Those nights were heaven for me. I used to imagine myself going up to him and making easy, pleasant conversation. In those daydreams I was never at a loss for words and he would respond with singular interest, hanging on every word no matter how mundane! Ah! What a dreamer I was! I could never let the girls know about my secret. Even though I trusted them with everything else. I just couldn't bear to have what I had created, trivialised by common observances.
I swallowed a blush and replied to an impatient Sarah,
“The best way to keep 'em comin' is to push 'em away! It drives them mad if you won't go out with them, and where as they maybe only had a passing interest in you before, now they'll swear they're mad about you when you play hard to get. It's a gas! Eventually it's going to attract the fish you're really interested in!" Sarah let a triumphant roar out of her!
"Aha! I knew it! So who's the big fish you're holding out for?" I couldn't believe I had set myself up for that one. I cleared my throat and said,
"Och, sure there's only striddlies in this pond! I've yet to see a big fish!"
"She's right there you know, striddlies and ...crabs!" Maeve opined.
The conversation inexorably turned to the future though that was too connected to the recent past which we wanted to forget, but there was no avoiding the subject. It had a will of its own and demanded attention whether we beckoned it or not. Deirdre finally brought it up. “Well girls. Will our little group be disbanded forever after today?" There was a wistfulness to her tone I had never heard before. It was almost like she had seen the future and knew what was in store for each of us.
There was a pause for a moment then Sarah burst out with,
"For heaven's sake girls, it's not like we're emigrating!" She was wrong though. I asked, “What are we going to do? I don't know about you but I'm scared stiff. I have no idea what I want to do. And if I knew what I wanted to do, I don't know if I have the talent for it, and if I had the talent for it, I don't know if it would be possible here in Donegal. One thing I do know, I never want to leave Donegal, or this village, even. That doesn't leave me with a lot of choices, does it?" I didn't realise it then, but I had already decided that marriage was the only way out of my dilemma. The thought of striking out on my own in Dublin or even, God forbid, London, struck terror in my heart. I would get sick to my stomach whenever I even countenanced it. I simply felt I had no functional use other than to be a wife and mother in a village with very few other alternatives. Ironic! When you consider my protestations against the reproductive role of my body! Yes, definitely the safest course for me was marriage.
They all had dreams, it seemed, except me. This served only to further isolate me. The feeling of inadequacy was so strong. I felt I was incapable of making any decisions regarding my future. I didn't want a future. I didn’t want to leave the cocoon of childhood dependence for the uncertainty of an independent future, especially one that might take me away from all that I loved. I just wanted everything to stay the same and not change. I asked,
"What do you see in the future for yourselves?" As each in their turn talked about their preconceived destiny, I had a sinking feeling, like someone on a desert island watching the last ship pull out.
Sarah dreamed of becoming a famous painter of wild Irish seascapes. She had a strong artistic nature which had been encouraged by the art teacher at school. She could do wonders with watercolours! Being fresh off the exam circuit we had all been quoting English literature ad nauseum. Oscar Wilde was one of her favourites so she quipped, "Actually, I don't care if I'm famous as long as I'm notorious!"
Deirdre wanted to become a scientist. "I'd like to make a difference. I don't know how, for the chances of actually discovering something important is slim. I'd like to work on saving the environment, maybe."
Maeve always seemed to know what she wanted. "I don't have any big dreams. I know what I want though. I want to be a teacher and live happily ever after right here! I might travel for a bit first, just to get it out of my system and then come back home to stay. This place is me. And that’s it!" Aisling like me could never leave home, but she had her ambitions too.
"I'd love to have my own business. I don't know what it could be but as long as I was boss I know it would be a success. I have so many ideas but they would never take off here and yet this is where I want to live. Like Treasa, I couldn't even think about living anywhere else.”
And so we drew pictures for one another and let them loose like mind bubbles to see how long they would last, in the real world. The intrusion of the hard facts of life spoiled the festive mood in which the picnic had begun and no gallant efforts could restore the fading warmth of childhood security that was making its final moult.
That day will remain burnt in my memory. It was a turning point in our lives and one we all felt as a group. We knew our paths were going to diverge and so a sadness weighed down on us. The poignancy of that moment was felt by all, even Sarah, perhaps one of the few times in her life she felt what was unsaid more than what was said.
I knew our lives would be different as did the others. Sometimes I feel that I live in an ether of communal thoughts, unspoken, and always, I feel the tactile encounter of others emotions against my own. I often understand more by what’s unsaid than what is said.


Chapter 2 On the shelf


Hi, I'm back! You know I'm really enjoying this! I think its doing me good! Maybe it'll make a new woman of me, you never know! God works in mysterious ways! Or at least so my mother keeps telling me!
I will continue my story.
After that day on the beach there were many more parties, picnics and get-togethers but we had really made our fare-wells to our past then. The other occasions seemed little more than second rate encores. The curtain had fallen and it was time to get on with it.
Maeve got her call to Carysfort teacher training College in Dublin, as she wanted. It was very difficult to get into Carysfort, because it was the only college for training national school teachers in all of Ireland. Her future was settled. Exactly as she had planned it.
Deirdre got the honours she needed in the Leaving Cert. and was accepted into University College Galway to study Science. She had to go to Galway a week earlier than the University started, along with another local girl, to get organised and find a flat. That left Sarah, Aisling and myself.
I remember Aisling getting myself and Sarah in the kitchen and making us sit down and with pen in hand she said in an even voice,
"Now girls, I'm going to organise the rest of our lives, before it passes us by." She made two columns. Each had a heading. Above the left column was "skills" and above the right column was "jobs". Under skills, she put Leaving Certificate with honors. Sarah got four, Aisling got six and I got two. She added typing. That was it! That's all we had to show for ourselves after five years of secondary school! Oh, I'm not knocking the education! It was first rate, but we didn't really have much to offer an employer other than articulation. It got better. Under the "jobs" heading she put, shop assistant, post office, waitress, telephonist, secretary, factory worker. We looked at the list and we looked at each other. My expression was mirrored on their faces. Is this it? Unless we left Donegal and headed for a city, there wasn't much likelihood of getting anything better. As for one of those jobs, we struck it out. The Post Office was definitely out. Because it is a steady, well-paying job, the applications for it are tremendous and so is the competition. People from all over the country apply for it and are willing to move no matter how far for the security of the work. They are very hard to get. I mean, sure, we would apply, but like everything in Ireland, when it comes to good secure jobs you don't get your hopes up. After all, the biggest export in Ireland right now is its young people precisely because they can’t get good jobs.
I remember the sense of hopelessness I felt that night. What's the point of dreaming, if you have to wake-up? Sarah decided to do nurse’s aide. There was a course for it in Dungloe which ran for two years and that suited her fine. She could get a ride every morning with Joe Doherty who lived right next door to her and was an X-ray technician in the training hospital there. In fact it was him that told her about the course. She was very excited about it once she made her mind up that she would do it.
Aisling wasn't idle either. She decided that hairdressing would suit her down to the ground, so she went around all the hairdressers within a twenty mile radius until she found one that would take her in as an apprentice. She told me she was going to own her own place within ten years. All this activity was going on around me but I felt myself completely disassociated from it. I felt anxious. What am I going to do? Finally my father asked me had I anything lined up and when I shook my head, he said,
"Don't worry. We'll find something for you." The next day he came home and said he was talking to Eamonn Friel that owned the Heights Hotel and that Eamonn had told him they were short staffed at the hotel. Dad said, "Maybe you should take a little walk for yourself over there and see if they have anything for you?" I was so grateful to him I could have hugged him. Instead I just said a heartfelt thanks.
That afternoon I put on my "career clothes" that had been lying in the wardrobe for the last five months, and went up the steep hill to the hotel. I remember looking at the well groomed and attractive girl who was the receptionist there and thinking,
"This is a classy place. They won't want big uncouth lumps like me here." I wished I could slink right back out without anyone knowing I had come up in the first place. The only thing that kept me glued to my chair as I waited to be called, was pride. Not for myself, but for my father. I was going to go through with this for him because he had tried to help me, even though I knew it was a waste of time. After all who could possibly want to hire me when anyone else would be ten times better?
The manager came out. He was a tall good looking man in his mid-thirties. He gave me a quick look over, under which I blushed with mortification, imagining the picture I presented to him. His impression however, was carefully concealed behind a non-committal smile. He motioned for me to follow him into an office behind the receptionists' desk. I held my breath and stepped out boldly after him. He introduced himself first and then asked me if I had ever done telephonist work before. Five minutes later I walked out of the office a member of the workforce!
Oh, the thrill of that! It was like an initiation into adulthood. My only fear was, could I do it? My fears of course, were ill founded as I picked the trade up quickly.
So, we were all taken care of. Now came the next life stage, finding a mate and settling down. Well, I had already settled down with my chosen one for years now, the problem was he didn't know about it! The years seemed to pass with amazing rapidity. Something my Granny told me is a function of age. She would say, "Time is a strange phenomenon. The less you have of it, the faster it passes you by!"
One Christmas we were all together, Maeve and Deirdre were home for the holidays. The crack was mighty! The girls were full of stories from Dublin and Galway. They might as well have been talking about Saudi Arabia, that's how foreign it all sounded to me protected as I was in my uterine existence. Deirdre made an announcement. "After graduation, I'm going to go to New York for a year." This was met with outcries of indignation and general resistance.
"Why New York?” Sarah wanted to know.
"You know what happens to people when they go out there, they forget to come back!"
"Don't worry, that would not be my problem! No way! I just feel it would be a great experience for me."
"Oh, sure it would be great experience for you! Everyone knows Irishmen only do it two ways, drunk and sober! But over there, I hear there aren’t enough experts to write down all the different ways the human species can procreate. As for demonstrations, sure, in true Yankee style you will have them falling all over themselves willing to educate you!" Maeve finished with a very smug look on her face.
"You seem well informed on the subject! You wouldn't have been taking up with any Yankees yourself while you were up in Dublin, would you Maeve?" Sarah enquired mischievously.
"Not at all. I scoured Dublin looking for one, but there as rare as new potatoes in winter!" Aisling had her own announcement to make.
"Well, girls, while you're all talking about doing it, I'll really be doing it!" All hell broke loose!
“What do you mean? Did he propose?!”
"You're not getting married?!! "
"When?"
"We'll never see you once you get married."
Aisling shook her head and said, "You're wrong there. I have a marriage contract that states I am to have unlimited time with my pals whenever I need it or whenever they need me!" Yes, things were really changing.
Soon afterwards, Sarah got engaged. Both weddings were to be the following summer. That left me. Twenty-one years old and on the shelf! I hadn't gotten much beyond the small conversation bit with Colum and I was beginning to think I was going to be a victim of unrequited love for the rest of my life. A scenario that was not without its attractions given my romantic nature. Or so I thought.
I endured the dating scene until the age of 25. Every Saturday night I dutifully dragged myself out to line the dance halls around Glenbeg. It was always the same. The men showed up at 12:30am when the bars were closed and with a feed of drink in them. They then leered with their beery breath over the "talent" that had assembled for their scrutiny hours earlier.
Those years were not romantic at all. They were the loneliest and emptiest years of my life, or so I thought at the time. It was the social labelling that created the exclusion factor which was hard to deal with. There is no crueller fate for an Irish woman in a small town than to be unmarried. It's the reason so many will marry in desperation and live out unhappy and desperate lives. In small towns all over Ireland that pattern is the same. The only young, single people are school or college age. Their numbers drop precipitously as a large portion of them emigrate on graduating. The male singles pool gets smaller and above a certain age it is non-existent except for a few die-hard bachelors that cling to their independence like a mussel to a rock! Anyone who has not secured a "man" by the age of 24 is abrogated to the status of being "on the shelf", a term that quickly becomes self-fulfilling. The indicted person soon becomes aware of her changed status, by a process of osmosis. Things are rarely said directly in small towns. Anyway the poor unfortunate can either go out and marry the first man that will have her, or shun social functions altogether, out of pride.
Once Sarah and Aisling got married, it wasn't the same anymore for me. Their mates came first naturally, despite any contract to the contrary! Aisling had two children in short order. Caitlin and Tomas. Sarah wasn't far behind with a chubby little toddler, Rory who was the same age as Caitlin.
Maeve was still in Dublin, teaching now. Deirdre never did get to America. She was offered a job with the Irish Wildlife and Forestry Department. It was research work and would be good for a few years. She had been going steady with a fella but broke it off before it got too serious. She was never short of boyfriends. When she was in between steadies, she would go off to Galway, Monaghan and Dublin, for weekends. She always tried to get me to go with her but I never felt comfortable outside of Glenbeg. I would make excuses. Deirdre was thoughtful though. She often kept a day free on the weekend, just for the two of us to go for a drink and sometimes a dance afterwards, if I felt like it. In many ways those nights were a great reprieve for me from having to pretend to be still interested in the dating game.
So things had changed. We weren’t the girls anymore, wondering what life would be like. This was it! And I thought, this was as good as it gets.
I persevered with the Discos and Dances but what was the use? I wasn't interested in anyone there anyway. Once in a while I would get my hopes up upon spying Column at the bar nursing a fanta. But he never made a move except to leave early and with him went all my dreams. Those nights I would cry myself to sleep. It took years before I accepted the fact that I would never marry. I would never be part of a couple. People would invite me to places out of pity. That was all I saw in people's eyes anymore. I could deal with the aloneness if I was ever allowed to forget about it, when I was out. It was precisely because I was not permitted to forget about being a spinster that it hurt the most.
I was 26 years old, well settled into spinsterhood when I received a shock of such magnitude it left me speechless! After 8 years of dreaming, my Prince Charming came forward and said the words that I had placed in his mouth a hundred times before! He just walked up to me one day and asked me if I'd like to go to a film with him! I thought I would faint when he asked me! I think the only thing that stopped me, was I kept telling myself I would look a right sight, with the size of me, dropping like an ungainly elephant at his feet! I'd be the laughing stock of the village for the next ten years!
"Did you hear about Treasa Gallagher? An cratur! Column Mor asked her out and she fainted! An leanbh bocht! (Poor child) She's not used to a lot of attention from the men, don't you know!"
No, they could find someone else to laugh at.
It was so strange. I almost felt like it was happing to someone else, not me! Colum was quiet which I made up for, the way I had always done in my myriad internal wanderings. It was like I had dreamt my life before it happened, because suddenly everything was turning out so idyllic! Even the courting was as I had pictured it. I had imagined him to be so respectful of me that he would only give me a chaste kiss on the lips. It would be brief but full of restrained passion. He would not cheapen such an important relationship by yielding to immediate urges for gratification. He would prefer to wait and give passion its’ just setting. The fact was not far from fiction. He even dispensed with the chaste kiss part, leaving my imagination to run rampant! The relief I felt, that he was not the same as the other gropers which had been my experience up until then, was enormous!
One night, we had only been going out for six months when he said,
"Treasa, I'm not one to waste my time. I made my mind up a long time ago that you're the one, so I'd like to get married as soon as possible, if that's OK with you?" Well! You could have knocked me over with a feather! I couldn't believe my ears! A warning bell sounded in my head. It said life doesn't hand out this much happiness in such rapid succession. I had a chill run through me at the very moment my life's greatest wish was being realised. Of course I said, "Yes!"
I, the maid (some would say the old maid!) of Glenbeg was getting married! And I was not settling for just anyone! I was going to marry the man of my dreams whom I had long ago given up on ever asking me. For so long, I considered all my dreaming as a vanity that I had too long indulged in. But now look!
I was totally devoted to Column. He was the culmination of a life-times yearning. I felt I knew him intimately.


Chapter 3 This is It


We moved into his parents’ house. Both were dead by now. His mother had died when he was very young and his father had died the year previously. He had two brothers but they had taken off soon after the father died. They were over in London, in construction and enjoying their new found freedom. He had a sister married and living in the Glenties. Column initially resented that his brothers had left him to man the boat on his own. However he had no problem finding men to fill their places. Jobs are scarce for everyone in Donegal.
Column didn't believe in honeymoons. He said they were a waste of good money. I knew the girls thought this a bit strange though they never actually said so. The truth was I was a little embarrassed, but I argued with myself that just because everyone else has a honeymoon doesn't mean we had to. I told myself I shouldn't be embarrassed because we don't fit into other people’s ideas of a conventional wedding.
The arrangements were made that we were to go back to his house where we would be living. He would take three days off work. He said he simply could not afford to take any more time off than that.
I had never seen the inside of the house I was to call home until the night of the wedding. I knew where it was of course, I just had never been inside. It is five miles from the village, on a windswept promontory overlooking the sea. It is about a mile off the coast road. That mile consists of a sandy path overlaid with granite chips. There are no other houses in the area. It was for this reason that Aisling gave me a very strange wedding present! A better present, I could not have thought of for myself, though for entirely different reasons to hers! I remember her saying to me that I would have to pick up the present from her house, before the wedding. She said, “I’ll pick you up during the week and you can see it then. But be warned, it's different!"
Column said he knew what it was already and for me to go with Aisling by myself as she wanted it that way. Well the mystery of it all was driving me crazy! So, a few days before the wedding, Aisling came by our house and picked me up and drove me to her new bungalow which sat on an acre of land on the far side of the village. She refused to even give me a hint on the way. I kept thinking it was a washing machine as I knew Column's house didn't have one and I was already preparing my features to be suitably surprised. But when I saw the "present" my jaw just dropped to the floor! Nothing could have prepared me for it! For there in front of me stood a big beautiful horse! She was all of 16 hands! She was so beautiful! I said to Aisling,
"What on earth made you think to buy me a horse? Apart from the fact that I love them of course? I mean it's a very expensive present!" Aisling had a strange look on her face.
"Treasa, you're moving to a house which even for these parts, is out in the middle of nowhere. You can't drive. The roads are bad. You'd never get a bike over that kind of country. I want to be able to see you after you're married, you know! This way, when I can't get to see you as much as I'd like, you can get to see me!" I looked at her sharply and I saw the paleness of her skin had an ashen hue to it unlike its usual translucence.
"You're not pregnant! Are you?"
Aisling smiled happily, “Yes. I am!" I hugged her excitedly. The horse was forgotten momentarily as we talked animatedly about when she was due, what she wanted this time! And if Noel, her husband, knew yet. I felt like my life had suddenly become a whirlwind of excitement after years of despair and stagnation. We made arrangements for me to pick up my “present” the following week. Aisling would pick me up from my new home and drive me to her house and I could ride my horse home! But first came the wedding!
The reception was in Friels. Eamonn wouldn't hear of me having it anywhere else and everything was at cost price. He said to me, "Treasa, I want you to have the best day of your life. If ever anyone deserves it, you do." He said it with such kindness and warmth. I often think of those words. He'll never know how much comfort they would give me, in the future.
Our wedding day was a huge success! The weather was unseasonably mild and dry, a miracle for Donegal! The gods seemed to be smiling on this union indeed. After the church we went to Friels where we had some pictures taken with the backdrop of the sea in one direction, and the mountains in the other.
I remember looking around the reception room and then back at Column, and wondering, how did I manage to catch the best looking man in Glenbeg? He looked so handsome in his black suit and starched shirt. His dark tan made him look like a black-a-moor as my mother used to call certain people in the village that would have looked more at home in a vineyard in sunny Spain than against the dark greys and greens of the Irish bogs! He seemed to be enjoying himself but it was a nervous type of energy. I was glad to note he didn't show any great partiality to drink even to bolster himself during this obviously trying time! Definitely not your typical Donegal man! I not only married the best looking man around, but one who was not going to leave me at home to go off with the boys to the pub every night to have a pint! I must be brilliant after all! I fancied I saw a lot of envious girls in the singles group that I used to be part of, and maybe even from the married group as well!
The wedding night! Oh, the anticipation! I don't know what I had imagined would happen. Well, yes I do. But that certainly didn't happen. It was painful. My body hurt afterward. I didn't blame Column. He just assumed that my response level was the same as his. It never occurred to him that I may have been experiencing difficulty. When I think about it now, my ignorance of my own body and his ignorance of a woman's involvement, were so enormous, it was tragic. I swore I would never read another Mills and Swoon book again! And I never did.
After the first few months, when I knew it would get no better that way, I decided not to have any expectation and put the hype down to just that. I couldn't think for the life of me why so many people spent so much of their time and energy thinking about it. I had other things to take up my time and energy.
The house was a disaster! My faery castles were collapsing all around me! That first night there were other things on my mind and so I moved through the house blindly. However, the next day it reared its ugly head for inspection. It was ugly! It consisted of four rooms with an outhouse (ugh!) There was a sitting room and tiny kitchen to the front and two bedrooms towards the back. The house did not appear so badly from the outside, apart from the dirt and grime that could be washed and whitewashed over, in fact, it looked quite cute. But inside!
The front door led into one large room. The only large room. It was a sitting room with a large open fireplace on the left. From the crane that was in the fireplace and the cauldron and black kettle on the hob, it was clear that the fireplace was used for cooking! “Oh-my-goodness! Where is the kitchen? Please tell me there is a real kitchen!” I’m thinking to myself. Also in this large room which didn’t have much by the way of furniture, there were a couple of high backed wooden chairs by the fireplace and across the room was an armchair in front of a TV. The floor was a cold grey flagstone. There was an old oak kitchen table pushed under one of the small windows to the left of the entry. It offered a history of sorts, to the life of the family that had lived here. It had dents and chips and was worn smooth from years of use. There were initials carved in one corner, CM and filled in with what looked like blue ink. No doubt the work of the man beside me. It had two kitchen chairs pushed up against it. To the far right of the room, was an entryway into another small room. The “kitchen”. But this kitchen didn’t have a fridge, or cooker. It had a dresser with china on the shelves and cutlery in the drawers. But there was no fridge or cooker. There were cupboards where I found containers of white and brown flour and baking soda. Shelves in the cupboard had sugar, salt and white pepper. The potatoes and some carrots were in cardboard boxes on the bottom shelf of the cupboards. The top of the cupboard had a Formica counter-top. Did I mention that there was no fridge or cooker? My heart was sinking faster than the titanic, as the realisation dawned on me that I had to cook and bake as though we were still in the dark ages! The cap in the hat was that there was no central heating in this house which had not yet been brought into the 20th Century. Except for the TV and one light bulb in the sitting room there was no difference in this house and one from a century ago! Hmmm! Easy to see what the priorities had been here! At least, up until now! Why would you have electricity and not have a fridge and cooker? Oh, of course! To have a TV and a light for reading in the long winter months! Silly me! How could anyone live like this?
The crane in the fireplace, is a metal arm screwed into the side of the fireplace, which can be swung outwards and inwards over the fire. There are three large black hooks attached. This is for hanging iron handled pots and kettles, for cooking. There was a big cauldron and a blackened kettle sitting on the hob. I worked hard to try to keep the dismay from showing in my face. Column waved his hand vaguely around the room and said, "How do you like it? I spruced it up for you!" My heart sank further, if that was possible. If he thought this was "spruced up" how could I tell him I had never seen anything so depressing in all my life! Still, I thought, Love can conquer all! I walked over to one of the two small windows that were to be the only source of natural light during the day and smiling bravely said, "It'll do grand!" His face betrayed a faint irritation, as though I was unappreciative of the gargantuan effort he had made to make things "nice" for me.
I quickly rattled on about how I would get to work on it and give it a woman's touch, hoping I could dispel the cloud that had momentarily formed. He brightened at that and said,
"That's exactly what it needs, is a woman's touch."
"Now," he said, "We have three days, what are we going to do with them." Before I could reply he offered to take me down to see his boat. It was hardly what I would have considered a romantic occupation but I humoured him anyway saying that would be lovely.
We got in the car and drove to the harbour where most of the boats were already gone out to sea. His boat was an unassuming typical fishing boat. No more can I tell you for I find them sufficiently uninteresting as to fail to make any observations other than the fact that they smell!
After being shown all the different parts and equipment to which I dutifully offered ignorance of and feigned wonder for, Column allowed us to leave the grease covered interior for the welcome dirt of the quay.
Upon disembarking he saw a fellow fisherman and there began a long and lengthy description of the difficulties of fishing at this time of year with the tale ends of gales, hitting the coast after their long travel across the Atlantic.
We finally wend our way home. Once inside Column volunteered to show me where the food was kept and he suggested I stoke up the fire and start the dinner. He then handed me a pound of meat out of a “safe” that I had noticed previously, hanging on the wall in the kitchen. (Remember those old fashioned wire mesh cupboards that were once used to store meat, milk and butter? They are hard to find any more, for the simple reason that most normal people have Fridges!! I remember they used to be hung on an outside wall that did not get sunshine. The idea being that the ambient temperature would keep it cool enough until the food was used.) After Column gave me my marching orders he took himself over to the far side of the room where there was the one armchair and a TV, which sat on a small wooden table. And so went my first day of married life. I was to discover that it was to be the pattern for the future.


Chapter 4 The Storm


I had never gotten the impression before, that the Mooney's were poor, but that was definitely my impression after seeing the house. I didn't know what to say, if anything, to Column. What could I say that wouldn't sound like an indictment? "Why didn't you tell me you didn't have any money?" or, "If I knew you were short on money, I would have kept my job." So, I didn't say anything. It was only months later I found the money! He had a wall full of it! I was dusting out the spare room one day. I opened the built in wooden closet to put fresh newspaper on its floor when I noticed the wooden boards were loose. On further investigation I found they lifted out easily and there was a hidden drawer full of money! I counted it. There was ten thousand pounds there! I was flabbergasted! My first instinct was to tell Column about it but on second consideration I decided against it. He obviously knew as the boards had no dust on them. He didn't want me to know! I found that strange. I reasoned that when you are working for yourself, you need rescue money in case of a bad season or storm damage. That was why he didn't mention it. But then I saw his check book! He had thirty thousand pounds on deposit! There were no monthly bills to be paid as the house was a hundred years old and made by hand (and looked it!) so there was no mortgage. And he certainly didn’t break the bank paying the Electric bill!!!
One night, I had deliberately waited until he was in a good mood, having had a good day fishing. I made his favourite meal, a pork chop, mashed potatoes, turnips and homemade brown bread. (I finally learned how to bake on an open hearth like his mother. The task had not been easy, as I had grown up with a conventional cooker and didn't know how to cook on an open hearth. My mother fortunately did.) When he finished his meal, I asked him innocently, what he would think about making a few renovations. He stopped in mid-stretch with his fork and said abruptly,
"What do you mean? A few renovations?" I cleared my throat quietly and said,
"Well, I was thinking since we have electricity, it would be nice to get a washing machine and a cooker." I rushed on before I lost courage,
"If there is a problem, with money I mean, I could always get my old job back. Eamonn has said loads of times that the job is waiting for me anytime I want it." Column pushed back his chair from the table and his eyebrows knit in a dark frown.
"I'd like you to know there is no shortage of money in this house. (He wasn't kidding!) Are you saying I can't provide for you?" I could see this was not going to go the way I wanted it, at all.
"No, of course not. But I do think it would make the house so much more comfortable and it would make it easier on me." At this, he stood up, "What do you mean? Easier for you? What's wrong with the way things are? You didn't complain when you came here first, so why now, after six months am I getting all this whining?" I looked up quickly and saw that he was hopping mad, as if I had insulted him personally which I later realised was exactly how he saw it. He glowered once more in my direction and said, "Don't let me hear any more of this nonsense. This house was good enough for me and my family. If I knew I was marrying a Princess I might not have married at all! And as for going out working?! And let everyone think I can't provide for you? Let me tell you there's enough work to be done around here if you had two eyes in your head!"
I hung my head under the pretence of clearing the dishes but he was already in his armchair watching the news and so would not have seen the two tear drops that splashed onto the already congealing animal fat on his plate.
The next day I was up at my usual time of six, to milk the cow. Column had left an hour earlier. I was there with my head resting against Nellie's warm flank. She nuzzled me gently as she did every morning. I often thought she felt a kinship with me, you know from one cow to anudder! I don't know why I joke about it so much when it really does bother me. Never mind. I was feeling sorry for myself and decided it was time I gave Aisling a visit.
I could count on my fingers the number of times I had seen her since I got married. Let's see, I got married in November and that winter proved to be very severe with storms crashing the coastline with a frightening regularity. Cara, that is what I called my beautiful mare, had been a lifesaver. Aisling had been right. I couldn’t drive. Column didn't get home until late, six nights a week and I hated to ask him to drive me into see the family on his day off. But I really didn't need to as long as the weather was reasonable, read "no gales!"
Cara is a big strong mare. She is part Irish Draught, having the thick heavy legs and flanks of a workhorse but she has a beautiful more refined head, not as heavy boned as Draughts usually are and with uncharacteristically large eyes. I knew Aisling had agonized over what type of horse to get for me. She never said so. It was in her eyes when she anxiously watched my reaction to Cara. She knew my taste in horses tended towards fine legged hunters or half-breeds, but she knew I would never want to own one because of the inevitable comparisons that people would make between horse and rider. She felt I would feel more comfortable on a good honest horse that was strong without drawing attention to itself. And lastly she had picked the right sex! I don't know why, maybe because in the horse world, only the males, usually geldings, are in demand as mounts. The mares are generally reserved for, breeding purposes.
After finishing with Nellie, (a name much chagrined by my own Aunt Nellie, she would say, "But why do you have to name the cow after me, I could take the ignominy of the horse, but the cow...!" sigh!) I fed the hens and picked up the days batch of eggs. Taking them inside, I washed them as I did every morning. I looked apprehensively out the window. It looked a little messy out there but sure a little rain wouldn't melt me.
My heart sank a little as it always did every time I noticed the state of the front of the cottage. I kept telling myself that now that spring was here I was going to do wonders with the front. Mom had promised me cuttings of Hebe and her Fuchsia shrub. She had loads of Montebretias and spring bulbs to give me too. All I had to do was pick them up and plant them. But I knew it would take nothing short of a miracle to get it the way I wanted it. I had already asked Column if we could get the outside of the cottage whitewashed and he said, he was already working 80 hours a week and the last thing on his mind was a speck of mud on the wall. As usual when he got upset I would feel guilty for being so selfish when he worked so hard. That was only part of the problem. There was also of course the hen scratched earth that held a century's worth of birdshit. It would have to be removed by a JCB to be allowed to compost properly, and topsoil brought in to replace it. The likelihood of that happening was remote, to say the least.
Cara was already at the gate. She whinnied when she saw me. I rubbed the white stripe that ran down her face. She was all muddy from rolling around at the back where there was a low lying spot that always seemed to be wet. Looking at her you'd never guess that there was a lovely pale gold hide topped with a fine long tufted creamy mane and tail. Yes! A palomino! Now if she had been more blooded and a male, she would never have been sold for the price she was. Aisling told me that with Deirdre's help she had found her on a racing farm in Derry. The owners believed that the gentle nature of the Draughts had a calming influence on the highly strung thoroughbreds.
"Some people swear by the piebalds and the skewbalds, but I find the Draughts are the best." was what the owner had told Aisling. He went on to tell her, that Cara's mother was a pure-bred Irish Draught, a recognised breed in their own right, and her father a half breed hunter. Cara had spent her first four years of life hobnobbing with the quality of the horse world but it didn't seem to have affected her!
I examined her and said, "Look at you! And I have no time to clean you! You're a disgrace to the Mooney name!" That made me laugh! “We're two of a kind then so!” I thought.
After giving her a cursory brush I threw her saddle and bridle on quickly and set off down the hill. I looked back once at the westward sky. The house was set on a height a couple of hundred yards from which it dropped precipitously, twenty feet to the cold churning waters of the Atlantic. A spur rose up from behind the house, where the coastland curved further north than our property. It looked green at this time of year with the purple of the heather adding a refreshing relief from the dark greens and browns of winter. The clouds were gathering and though not particularly dark they had an ominous red tinted glow to them, but I deliberately pushed it out of my mind. I needed this visit.
I headed Cara down the sandy granite road that led a mile or so to the coast road which ran into Glenbeg. The coast road was not used much except in the summer by tourists as there were more direct routes to the main townlands and very few people live out on this peninsula, which probably explains why it is in such poor repair being strewn with potholes.
It was only eight o'clock in the morning, so I would have plenty of time to visit and be back by six to milk Nellie again and get the dinner ready for Column so he'd never know I was away.
Cara was feeling bright and springy. The seasons touch us all in the same way I suppose. Most of the coastal road that ran into the village ran parallel to a long stretch of open beach. It was a beautiful place to open up and race the wind! It did lengthen the journey by about a half mile but I always went that way unless time prohibited it.
Cara started prancing at the opening to the strand that signalled the start of the open stretch. I was just as eager as herself to let her fly into the wind! What a release for tired spirits! It's funny how that ride remains fresh in my memory, to this day. Perhaps it was the fugitive feeling of stealing time away from responsibilities, but more likely it was the secret delight of indulging in my own desires which had been suppressed for so long. Whatever the reason the upward spiral of joy that I felt with each powerful stride was pure ecstasy! All my senses were alive and drinking in the wonder of nature's reawakening!
The wind, that wonderful wispy phantom, that wraps around our every move, like some type of spectral god, whispering in our ears of ancient rhythms, blew full in my face. It was like a sweeping broom, removing all the tired thoughts of winter right out of me!
Cara moved big and strong under me, her huge lungs could have carried me forever! When I finally reined her in, she stopped obediently but reluctantly. But I didn't want to overtire her, especially since she hadn't had a workout in such a long time.
We headed for the road again and made steady progress until we finally landed in Glenbeg. We usually made the five miles or so in an hour and a half. Whenever we would get to the top of the hill that looked down on the village with our house being the very first to greet the traveler, I would always stop and look for a second. At that moment I would always say to myself, “I know just how Oisin felt, when he returned home from Tir na n-Og to see his homeland again!”
The village is a cluster of about eighteen houses. There is a grocery shop, a chemist, a souvenir-gift shop, petrol station, Friels hotel on the other side of town and of course a pub. The buildings are all painted in gay colours of peach, yellow and warm dun. Some have small neat garden patches. The sea can be seen stretching northward, to the left, on entering the village, with its necklace of islands. To the south are the mountains of Donegal with Ardrigh (High King) living up to its name by dominating the skyline. Amid all this natural beauty stands our little village of Glenbeg. All could clearly be seen from my vantage point. “Why,” I asked myself, “would anyone want to leave this?!”
There were a few people on the street talking outside the grocery shop where Sarah worked. Sarah, like Aisling, had become pregnant very soon after my wedding. Aisling was expecting her third in June, and Sarah, her second, in July! Looked like they had been working in tandem!
Before entering the village, about half a mile out, is a crossroads. It is where the coast road intersects with another road. In one direction, this road leads south to Letterkenny. In the other direction, it leads north for a mile, ending in the harbor.
Past the crossroads, our house could be seen as the first house leading into the village. I could see Mom out in the front garden doing her spring cleaning already! I trotted down to meet her. I put Cara in the little field we had in the back that Dad had reinforced especially for Cara.
Dad must have seen me coming for he came out to the doorway and said,
"Howdi pardner?" He had taken to calling me Calamity Jane, not as a reflection on how life circumstances dealt with me, only because he couldn't think of any other cowgirls! (I had toyed with the idea of telling him about Annie Oakley, but he seemed to be chuffed with himself for coming up with C. Jane, and I didn't like to appear to correct him)
Mom had already run into the house to put the kettle on. They were delighted to see me. The last time I had met them was one day in February. You see Column did the shopping every week and he didn't like me coming with him as he said I kept him all day jabbering to every Tom, Dick and Harry. I didn't tell this to the family of course.
We chatted over a cup of tea. Then Dad said,
"If you want to visit Aisling you'd better go now as there's going to be a nasty storm later on. You should plan on being back home by three o'clock."  I felt dismayed because it was already noon and that would mean I'd have to leave in about an hour.
Dad gave me his bicycle and I took off to the other side of town to see Aisling. I waved in the window at Sarah as I flew by on the bike. I found Aisling lying down on the couch. Noel was at work and she was on her own. She was experiencing a difficult time with her pregnancy. Mom had been great. She usually dropped in every day to help her with chores and shopping. As for Noel, he was so good to her.
Aisling perked up almost immediately when she saw me but I could tell it was from sheer willpower that she was not going to worry me and she wanted to make the most of my visit. We saw so little of each other anymore.
"I can't wait 'till this wee bundle comes! Isn't it funny? Pregnancy and childbirth are relegated to complete secrecy, and only when you have been physically inducted into the society do you learn all the problems that go with it! High blood pressure, toxemia, nine months nausea, varicose veins, irritated colon, and let me not forget diabetes! The last one is what the doctor is telling me I may end up with after the birth! Charming, right?" She stopped and looking at me, her tired face smiled weakly,
"Oh, I'm sorry. Here I am rattling on about maybe's just feeling sorry for myself, when you've taken the time to come all this way to see me!"
I gave her instructions to remain on the couch and I put the kettle on. I pulled out of my bag a lemon swiss roll. "Oh," she sighed, "You can put that away. I have to watch my sugar intake. But I appreciate the thought."
Over tea, she finally asked the one question I didn't want to answer.
"So, when are you going to ask us up?" I pointed out that she had been in no condition for jaunting around rough roads in a car to which she waved her hands and said,
"Excuses, excuses! I'm only seven months pregnant and the nausea has finally stopped. Apart from having a weak cervix, that is not going to be affected one way or another by where I sit. Now, I don't want any more excuses, give me a date?" Well she really put me on the spot. I thought I might as well get it over with. I couldn't stop her from visiting me for the rest of my life.
"Come up one day next week for lunch." She shook her head,
"No, it'll have to be in the evening as I can't drive the car anymore, the doctor advised against it what with the anemia and everything, he said there was a good chance I could have a black-out. So, I would need to get Noel to drive me. He can pick me up after an hour. How's Thursday evening, say about seven?" I thought to myself, panic-stricken, not seven! That's when Column likes to watch the news! He hates any distractions at that time. I said, "What about eight? That would suit me better." She looked at me curiously but all she said was,
"Grand, that's settled then. Eight o'clock it is."
I asked her how she got through the long dreary winter.
"Thank God for VCR's" she exclaimed. 
"If it wasn't for them, I think I'd have killed myself long ago! It wasn't really that bad. It was great having Sarah in the same boat as me! We rung up a huge phone bill over winter nattering away to our hearts content.
I didn't tell her how Column had been talking about wanting a baby recently. Luckily enough nothing was happening on that front and I prayed nothing would. I don't know why I didn't want children yet, only that I didn't. I would breathe a sigh of relief when my period would show up on time, the same day and hour every month. I almost lulled myself into thinking that maybe I couldn't get pregnant. It certainly wasn't for want of trying. At least Column tried.
"Do you know Treasa, when you’re pregnant, all the men treat you with such respect! You'd think you were Mother Theresa returned from Calcutta the way they fall all over themselves trying to do things for you. As for Noel! He's going to drive me crazy if he doesn't stop treating me like fine bone china!"
I looked at her and thought that's exactly what she resembled the most, fine bone china. Her features had become more sharply defined against her high cheek bones which seemed to pull her skin tautly against them. Her skin also had a pale bluish translucence which was a different shade to her normally peach colour on white. She did indeed look like a fragile and delicate ornament that would break on touching.
I couldn't help wondering would I be treated the same way, by Column or even for that matter by anyone else. Somehow I doubted it. Someone like me would not invoke awe in the pregnant state. I would merely be fulfilling my life's role as loudly proclaimed by my body. I would receive no more undue interest than that which a brood mare would receive. Feed her adequately, shelter her adequately, and don't ruin her by taking her work away, no use spoiling her! Yes, that's how it would be for me, and with that insight I saw why I had so dreaded the one awful discovery that loomed anew every month to haunt me.
Aisling asked how my winter months had gone. Another quandary! What would I tell her? That I was lonely? That I felt like such a failure? No matter what I did I didn't seem to be quite good enough for Column? That more than anything in the world, I loved him and waited patiently to hear him say he loved me? But he never did say it and in fact when I thought about it he hadn't said it when we were courting, either. He had said that he knew I was the one for him but he had never mentioned love.
"Well, like yourself, Aisling, we watch a lot of TV and I've started reading a lot. Mostly books that we had heard about at school, you know, the classics? I've discovered Jane Austin! Emily Bronte! Charlotte Bronte! The humour and irony of Shaw and Wilde...and poetry! I had no idea poetry was so uplifting! I suppose I just wasn't mature enough when we were doing it at school. I always liked the symbolism in poetry, the search for the meaning in the lines, like a hidden treasure, but I looked at it as more of a game than anything else back then. Not anymore though. It speaks to me now. And there is so much good poetry around. The English poets from the different periods, the romantics, the metaphysicals the nature poems are all truly wonderful but I've also found a rhythm peculiar to the Irish poets. It is so synchronised to the rhythms of life. It speaks of nature from a unique perspective." Aisling sat with a bewildered look on her face. Finally she said,
"A Dhia mo shabhail!, Treasa! You're full of surprises! Poetry no less! You must be out in the bogs too long!" I knew she was only teasing but I felt somewhat deflated. I certainly couldn't tell her I was attempting to write poetry myself.
Looking at the clock on the mantlepiece behind her, I jumped up in alarm,
"Oh my goodness, look at the time! Dad told me to leave by two at the latest and it's three thirty! Sorry, Aisling! I'm going to have to fly!"
Aisling rose awkwardly and said, "It's too bad Cara didn't come with a hood but they were all out of horses with hoods!"
"Listen, I couldn't be more grateful to you for Cara if you were to buy me a chauffeur driven limousine with tractor wheels to negotiate our "rustic but charming roads" as Bord Failte (Irish tourism board) would tell it!" With that, I literally ran out of the house, on the bike and back to our house. Dad had Cara saddled and bridled for me.
"You'd better take the most direct route. Treasa, press her hard. You've got about forty-five minutes before it gets ugly."
I waved good-bye and set off up the hill at a brisk trot. I took Dad at his word. If there was one thing Dad knew, it was how to read the weather. It was a gift. Many a fisherman would have paid good money to have that gift. For them it could mean the difference between life and death.
The sky still had a strange unusual glow to it. The clouds were not unduly heavy nor were they particularly dark. However there were other signs that Nature was preparing an onslaught for whomever was not paying attention and thus unprepared. The seagulls were swarming the coastline. Normally they would be out at sea, like the fishermen, but looking down the coastline at them, I could see they were agitated. The cows were all huddled under whatever shelter they could find, which is scarce in Donegal.
I pressed on anxiously. Cara sensed my urgency and willingly sallied forth. I began to worry about Column now. He had said that he was going to try the far west tip, to catch the Spring migration of herring that travelled past that point at the same time every year, like clockwork. It was a long way out and what with the sky giving so little away, he could have become pre-occupied with his work and not notice the menacing calmness that was building all around.
I turned up the path towards the house just as the wind began to whip the landscape with an age old ferocity that mocked any notion of former benevolence. Cara was unusually agitated and so I thought it better if I left her in the small barn behind the house. I put her in her stall with a nice piece of hay which she munched on appreciatively.
As I closed the door of the house the rain began to pound the walls and earth with incredible vigour. I walked through the narrow hall to the back bedroom. Our bedroom. There were four rooms. The large sitting room, the small kitchen which was too small to eat in and two bedrooms. Our bedroom was the cosiest room in the house. Even though it looked out on the sea it was protected from the west winds by a line of gnarled and dwarfed but surprisingly resilient, fir trees. The one window faced east and the view was generally calm as it looked out on a sheltered bay. However this particular day it was anything but calm.
There were no sea birds in sight now. The waves were being tossed and rolled in an angry violent manner. They were dashed repeatedly at the rocky coastline as though being tortured into submission by a cruel taskmaster. The windowpanes rattled and the howl of the wind seemed to reverberate through every bone in my body. I shuddered. Normally, I loved the fury of these storms but only when I knew I, and mine, were safe. Fear began to grip me like a panic. It was not at all unusual for men to be lost at sea, in these parts.
A noise sounded from the back of the house, to the west. The bedroom windows didn't look out in that direction so I ran to the front door and opened it. A fierce gust made me stagger back and only for my grip on the door I think I would have been blown to the opposite wall! I heard the noise again. This time there was no mistaking it. It was Nellie's low and it had animal fear in it. I shut the door with difficulty, put on some wellies and a raincoat. I covered my head with a scarf and determinedly forced my way to the outside.
There was a smell of danger in the air. It was like the singed acrid smell that you get from an electric shock. I made my way with head buried in my chest, the only means by which I could progress forward. The gate was swinging wildly in the wind. I tried to remember if I had closed it after me when I put Cara away. But my mind was a blank as if the forceful presence of the storm was prohibiting all other thoughts that did not centre on its powerful fury. It was hard to see. The wind swallowed up my breath before I had benefit of sucking some into my lungs. Claiming her own jealously she forbid its use by others.
I held on tightly to the stone wall that ran in a line from the house and then turned north to enclose the grove of trees to the west, and continued until it ended in the bluff that dropped to the sea below. Half crouching, I shielded my eyes from the punishing sharpness of the wet sleet that pelted down on me, and could just make out a break in the tree line. It was from here that the distressed calls were coming. By now Cara was also lending her voice, aware of the danger without. Her call was not for herself but a warning to be careful.
I struggled over the forty feet or so to the trees. There lay Nellie with a large tree limb lying over her hind legs! I cursed myself for being so careless in not putting her away when I put Cara in the barn. How could I have been so stupid and now here she was with this huge branch, crushing her legs. The tears welled up and with the wind, blinded me to further details. Quickly brushing them away, I had to shout to let her know I was there. Then bending down, I rubbed her heaving sides which only caused her to redouble her efforts to free herself. Somehow I managed to induce her to give up the struggling long enough for me to see if I could do anything to help her. I grabbed hold of the limb, it was a branch that had been hit by lightning from about half way up the tree. This I deduced more from the strange smell that was so strong, even the wind and rain could not obliterate it.
Taking a deep breath, I heaved with all my strength. It was incredible! It was only about 12 inches in diameter but I could not budge it! Something had to be done. Nellie was badly injured and if I left her like this for much longer she would probably lose body heat and die of exposure. Cara whinnied again. Cara! Could she do it? I didn't know, but I had nothing to lose. I made my way carefully to the barn. There was no sense in getting careless now, when I was needed.
The barn was inky black. Luckily I knew my way around so well, the darkness only slowed my movements but did not hinder me completely. I turned on a battery operated lamp that hung from a hook on the far wall in the aisle between the two stalls. Now I could see! I threw a halter on Carrie. Then I looked around for the rope that was always kept in the corner exactly for such emergencies as this. At last I got it! With the rope slung around my torso, I led the nervous mare out of the barn. She snorted and shook her head but otherwise did not resist me. We walked slowly over to the injured cow. Cara's bulk bolstered my fading hope and her steaming warmth gave me a sense of comfort.
Looping the lead line around my arm, I tied the rope to the branch where its jagged end lay so heavily on Nellie. Her breathing was laboured and she seemed to have lost hope. Maybe this was just as well for now. It was important that she did not interfere with our efforts.
When the rope was ready, I walked beside Cara and rubbing her neck urged her forward. She bravely stepped out and I could feel all her strength go into the effort. I couldn't look around as it would have done no good. Visibility was difficult...and anyway I couldn't bear to see, not yet, until the job was done.
With a final heave Cara pulled the log to one side. It would never have caused her so much trouble if it had been under different circumstances but in the tempestuous whirlwind that enveloped us, it was an effort just to draw breath!
Breaking Cara free from the tow, I worked my way apprehensively to where I knew Nellie lay. Now was the moment of truth. If she could not get up she would surely die where she lay. I held my breath looking for some indication from her dark form that she would not let us down. But she just lay there exhausted. I knelt down and rubbed her flanks gently trying to feel for any protruding bones or broken skin. I could feel none. I let out a sigh of relief but I knew that did not mean that she was not seriously injured. Time seemed suspended as I willed her to get to her feet. Cara remained quietly by my side waiting for a signal from me.
With a long slow shudder which I felt vibrating through me, I felt more than saw, Nellie had gotten to her feet. I put my hand out to touch her. She did it! Now if only I could guide her back to the barn. There was no need. She knew instinctively where to go. With slow tortuous and halting steps, she made her way to the dark frame that emanated a feeble yellow glow which spilled out the open doorway into the surrounding blackness.
At last I had them both inside. Nellie lay down almost immediately. I took the lamp off the hook and checked her all over. Unbelievably, nothing was broken! But she had a gash where the limb had come down on her. I knew I was going to have to come back out, and wash her wounds and rub both her and Cara dry. The thought of returning filled me with such weariness because now that the worst was over I felt overcome with exhaustion. Quickly I put Cara back into her stall and gave her some more hay, she earned it. My heart swelled with pride thinking of how solid and dependable she had proven herself to be. I threw my arms around her and gave her a big hug. Her only reply was to nuzzle me gently.
Later, back at the house, I closed the door behind me and slumped into a chair, drained from the effort of caring for the animals. I must have fallen asleep for the next thing I remember is the door bursting open and Column staggering in. He had no coat, only his oilskin sweater, which was soaked to his skin. I jumped up and ran over to him to hug him, but something in his look stopped me. He was exhausted. But there was something else wrong. I got the kettle going and got some dry towels and a change of clothes. He flopped into the chair beside the fire and I helped him undress. He was unable to do it by himself, what with the fatigue and the way the clothes clung to him like burrs. He literally had to be peeled out of them. His body was covered with welts and bruises. I was afraid to ask about the boat. I said nothing, but handed him a shot of bush mills whiskey and told him to swallow it quickly. The effect was to give the illusion of being warm long before the body actually responded to the warmth of the fire and the hot tea in his hand.
When he did speak, all he said was
"We lost Sean." I was horrified! I could see by the look on his face that he held himself responsible. Sean was his best friend's nephew. He had just started working with him full time. Sean had always wanted to be a fisherman and was a fixture on Column's boat during school holidays. His father wanted him to finish school before he would let him work full time. Column used to say that he felt his father, would have preferred he do anything else besides fishing. But Sean loved the sea. It was a magnet that drew him with an irresistible attraction.
"Is there any chance that...?
He cut in abruptly, "None." I couldn't ask him any further questions. We sat in a storm filled silence. He, reliving his nightmare, and I, imagining it.
The funeral was one of the saddest events I've ever witnessed. The death of the young, untimely as it is, is always difficult to accept, but when the burden of a missing body is added to it, it becomes unbearable. I listened to the priest who knew Sean well, speak in choked, tight, stabbing sentences, trying to explain God's ways when he did not understand it himself. The whole of Glenbeg turned out for the funeral. At the graveyard, Sean's mother, had to be taken away. She was wailing inconsolably before collapsing in an apparent faint. Later, speaking to Sarah, who had brought her back to the village with the help of her husband Paul, Sarah said she was so disorientated that she seemed almost to be hallucinating. She was speaking in disconnected sentences, addressing herself to Sean, as though he were still alive and standing before her. It broke my heart to listen to Sarah describe Mrs. Whelan's grief.
Life is lonely enough but the sorrowful call sent out across the chasm of death, echoes loudly and reverberates strongly in the well of the soul.
Column took it very bad. He wouldn't talk about it. In fact he wouldn't talk at all. I tried to draw him out but he simply refused to respond. He didn't go to work for a week. He just walked aimlessly around the house, picking up tools and putting them down again distractedly.
One morning I awoke to find him gone. The tension that had built up inside me melted, in relief. Thank God, I thought, he must have gone fishing. I felt so inadequate. How can you comfort someone when the only balm at your disposal is words? Mere ineffectual words! They have never brought back the dead yet.
That day I spent trying to anticipate his state of mind, when he should return. I was sure he must have accepted it by now or at least forgiven himself and be willing to talk it out. All the scenarios I dreamed up were far removed from what actually happened.
He arrived home at eight o'clock, drunk. I had never seen him drunk. In fact, he didn't have much interest in drink at all. He thought it was a shocking waste of money. My brother, Ciaran, used to say, "He must be a throwback to some protestant stock that snuck its way into our good Irish gene pool!"
His step was heavy as he lurched through the door. Fumbling for a minute he finally managed to enter. I thought at first he might have had a car accident and was shaken from that but a step further in his direction brought me in contact with the strong smell of whiskey. His exhaled breath reeked of it. I stood midway between the door and the fireplace at a loss as to what to do next.
"Well, I'm home. Don't I get a kiss?" he slurred garrulously. Was he kidding? I couldn't tell. I said, "Where were you? I thought you were at work all day?" He affected an indignant stance, replying
“Isn't a man entitled to a break once in a while?" After saying this, he slumped down by the kitchen table and with both hands resting on the table, stared in front of him in a sort of time warped-stupor as only those under the influence or under emotional duress can do. I laid some dinner in front of him and he ate reflexively.
When some thirty minutes had passed he suddenly lifted his head, turned to me and said,
"What's it all about, Treasa? The likes of Sean...with his whole life in front of him! And all the good for nothing wastrels around here that live to ripe old ages! Where's the justice in that?" he flared, his eyes blazing with anger. Just as quickly as the anger came, it left him and he slumped. He hung his head again and muttered, "What difference does it make in the end. What's even the point? What's so great about life anyway." This last was said in a near whisper, to himself.
My heart went out to him like it never had done to anyone before. I moved quickly to his side and wrapped my arms around him. To my surprise he opened up and clutched me in a desperate hug. Then the sobbing started. I don't know how long we stayed like this. He spoke in stops and starts, one moment sobbing incoherently, at other times clearly recounting the details of the accident. When he had finished he let out a great shudder as though physically shaking himself free of the clutch of death. I rocked him all the time until I felt the powerful muscles of his back and neck relax. He raised his head and with a look of anguish said, "It wouldn't be worth it, without you, Treasa." I had to hide my tears in his shoulder.
"Oh why did it take a terrible tragedy to put us in touch with our own feelings?" I mused to myself, between listening to him and comforting him. "Why Column, can we not say these things to each other? How I would die for you! If you would only tell me this, sober? If you really love me, why do I feel so empty? Why do we sit like strangers, night after night, watching other people talk, laugh...live, on the Television. I know I can try harder! It's easier for me than it is for you, but, just once in a while, tell me …you love me!"
I looked into his eyes and the honest need I saw there reflected my own. It was humbling and overpowering. I had never felt such raw emotion.
That night we made love, for the first time since we were married. For one brief moment we stepped out of more than our clothes. We stepped out of the confines of our physical entities and became truly one!
Next day, Column was up and out before I awoke. When I did awake it was to an incredible feeling of lightness! My heart was singing! I opened my eyes as the full memory of the night before came back to me! It wasn't a dream, was it? A sudden irrational panic took hold of me. No! Of course not! All day a glow warmed me and radiated out, as visible rays, I imagined. Everything was wonderful! Even the dirt on the cottage wall took on a certain charm because it was all part of a newly discovered world. In fact, I looked at everything anew, from a different perspective, one of belonging and sharing, at last.
I kept thinking this is how I always imagined it should be, “and now it is!” I thought to myself. I couldn't believe that he could feel the same for me, as I did for him! All this time so close and yet each of us walled inside our separate prisons of silence, unaware of the others passion.
I made special preparations that evening. The house never looked so good! I scoured the garden for wild flowers and managed to come up with a few. I put cupfuls of primroses and sprigs of heather on the kitchen table, on top of the TV and …in the bedroom. I dressed up in my nicest casual clothes. I washed and chastised my long brown hair into a french braid. One of his favourite dinners was ready and waiting, and so was I!
He came through the door at the usual time. I looked up eagerly searching his face for acknowledgement of what had passed between us the night before. His face was a blank. If anything he looked a little uneasy. I refused to let my hopes be doused and so I asked coyly, "How did you sleep last night?!" To my complete dismay he replied,
"Listen Treasa, I'm sorry about last night, getting drunk and everything. I suppose I just had to get things out of my system. I hope I didn't keep you awake... or anything?" This last was said apprehensively as he searched my face for any sign that he may have misconducted himself. He had absolutely no idea what had happened!
Just my luck! The only time we had shared anything of consequence in our marriage and he had no recollection of it! How could life be so cruel? The tears would not be stilled. I had to open my eyes wider to contain them and willed them back. But still they kept coming. I managed to pass half an hour without letting them spill, until he was seated in front of the TV for the night.
Under the pretence of checking on Cara, I went outside to relieve the sobs that swelled in my throat. The boundary between reality and fantasy can be obscure. I don't think you have to be a certified lunatic, to be deluded by reality or susceptible to the reality of delusions! Who knows which is which? We have only our perceptions to guide us through the maze we call life, and how often are our perceptions influenced by our desires? No two perceptions are identical, they overlap but never match exactly.
Was it passion I saw in his eyes? Did he need me because he loved me? Or was it the reaffirmation of life after a close encounter with death? I don't know. I had interpreted it as I had wished it to be. Now I'll never know, since the one person who could have put my mind to rest on the subject, has no recollection of it. So in effect it did not happen, at least in his reality. The ironies of life, would be funny, if they were happening to someone else. Life carried on as before.
I tried to talk to him about us. I asked him could we not go out for a night once in a while, hoping that if we did he would let his guard down again, and this time I would not let the opportunity pass. He made a vague promise but that's as far as it got. He was not interested in socialising. He preferred to spend his day off, pottering around the house, fixing parts for his boat. Once in a while, he would suggest a walk on the beach.


Chapter 5 Life goes on


I loved when we went walking on the beach together on Sundays, his day off. He would pick up all sorts of creatures and tell me all about them. It was from him that I learned about the hermit crab. The little bitty thing that it is, being so small it needs a shelter and a shield from other prey, so it cleverly scavenges the sands until it comes up with a nice spiral shell that it can squirm into and retreat for protection. But it also is able to fit its legs and claws out the opening in order to get around and go food shopping! Nature is truly amazing and no-one was in more awe of it, than Column. He explained how when out fishing, starfish sometimes got caught in the net. The fishermen always throw them back into the sea. However, often they would lose an “arm” in the process. He said he used to feel bad for them, until his father told him not to waste his time! The wily starfish are quite capable of looking after themselves. After all, at sea they often lose an “arm or a leg” to a predator, his Daddy would say, but that’s no problem for a starfish, because they just grow the missing appendage back again! Column said it would be a great thing if fishermen could do the same thing, because there is many a man that has lost an arm or a leg in the pursuit of this hazardous profession.
There were many other things he pointed out to me, like the razor fish that bury themselves in the sand. They have a breathing tube that reaches the surface that gives them away, to the well-trained eye. He talked about the sea urchins and the beautiful anemones! He told me about the stories surrounding the seals they come across. How even though they sometimes are competitors for the same fish, yet the fishermen have a respect for them bordering on reverence. When I asked “why?” he relayed stories from mythology and handed down from generation to generation of fishermen, about seals that had rescued lost boats at sea or helped a man overboard facing certain death, mysteriously land up on the beach after a storm. He paused after telling me that story, and looked sadly into my eyes as he commented quietly, “Unfortunately, they weren’t there for Sean.” He picked up the thread of his story and continued, “Many fishermen believe that the seals are the Mer people in another form. You probably have heard of Mermaids, well the story goes there are also Mermen. In fact a whole world of Mer people under the great heaving, of the sea. It’s said that these people have magical powers and use them mostly for good. They protect fishermen who fish with integrity and who have a respect for animal life in the SeaWorld, such as seals, dolphins, gulls etc. They come to their aid, in times of trouble like during a dangerous gale. There are stories of Mermaids and sailors who fall in love. In such cases, the Mermaid has the ability to leave her watery world and assume human form to live with her lover. But there is a price to pay. She will live forever, and will remain forever young and will see her lover grow old and die, leaving her alone for eternity, trapped on land. Should she ever return to the sea, she will be transformed into a seal and die eventually, just like a seal. That is why there is such a respect for seals among most fishermen. “Oh you get the odd Jackeen who just has a mean streak in them anyway, and will go out of their way to spear a seal and brag about it at the pub. I can tell you there is no time given to that sort of talk.”
Column paused for a moment and then he told this story. “There is a beautiful ballad about a sailor and a Mermaid, who fall in love. She gives up everything to be with her man. They are very happy together. Their love is full and strong. One day her man is getting ready to go out to sea for a few days of fishing. She begs him not to go, that a terrible storm is coming. He looks up at the blue sky and smiles at her and tells her not to worry, the weather is in his favour. She pleads with him not to go! He promises her he will not stay out for the three days he had planned but will return to her on the evening tide. He leaves. Hours later, the sun goes in, the clouds become dark and threatening, the light begins to leave the land. The wind begins to blow. The sea caps rise and fall spewing frothy foam like a rabid animal. In her heart she knows he’s in trouble. She senses the danger and hears him call out to her! Her anguish mounts as she races to the sea, knowing that she must save him and in doing so, forever loses him! The next day, all is quiet. Her lover awakens on the sunny beach, the water lapping calmly nearby. He rises to his feet and remembers how he was tossed overboard by a huge wave. He remembers going down in the water and coming up. He went down a second time and came up. The waves were towering, he knew he was lost. He cried out from his heart, “My love!” and went down a third time. This time, he felt arms envelope him and carry him to the surface. The last thing he remembered before passing out was the sweet face of his beloved as she caressed his cheek. Suddenly he understood and the realisation that he would never see her again caused a howl of anguish to rip through his body. He lay prostate on the ground for several minutes overcome with emotion until he felt something slick touch his hand. Looking up he saw a seal looking directly into his eyes. Again, he realised and his heart broke as he hugged the seal who could not give voice to her sorrow.” He stopped there and picking up a pebble threw it out to the sea before turning back to me and smiling. “Strange stories, aren’t they? But many fishermen believe them.”
I was stunned, not only by the story which is beautiful, but also by the heartfelt way that he told it. This man was as full of mystery as the sea that enthralled him
“Do you?” I asked
“Strange things happen at sea. I know there are a lot of mysteries that we will never understand in this lifetime. I don’t believe in Mer people. But I do believe there is something about seals. They are very intelligent and they do often seem to help us at sea.”
“Column? Would you sing that ballad about the Mermaid and her sailor, at one of Daddy’s Ceili’s? I would love to hear it!”
“We’ll see.”
On these walks, he seemed to loosen up in ways he never did in the house. He even talked about getting another horse so we could ride out together! On his day off, he was like another person, like he also took a day off from being the other, sullen Column. I'm probably being unfair as I know the fishing is a hard life and he is just tired after a day at sea.
But I needed him to become a part of my other life, my family and friends. He didn't show any interest. I kept asking if we could go visit. Finally he relented and said the next time my father was having a Ceili, we could go. Apart from the sea, traditional music was his other love. Occasionally he would play the tin whistle. His renditions of old ballads was very good. Many of the tunes he played, I had never even heard before. He told me his father learned them from his grandfather and that they were handed down over generations, in this way. Most of them were old sea shanty.
It was July and Aisling and Sarah had two beautiful babies within two weeks of each other. Aisling had a little girl. Luckily enough, the doctor's dire prediction for Aisling, of diabetes, did not materialise.
"Mom says it's because of all her novenas!" Aisling told me with a broad grin. Mom had a saint for every occasion!
"Well whatever happened, the doctor said it was nothing short of a miracle that my metabolism returned to normal. You should have seen the look on Mom's face when I told her that! "Oh," she said, "I know well you and Treasa are laughing at me but God has never failed me yet!" She's got a point too! I'd never tell her but I think I believe in her power with the Man upstairs almost as much as she does!"
Mom was a great help to Aisling. She was literally living in the house for twelve hours a day, for the first month. Poor Dad got so lonesome he would follow her to Aisling's every morning. Somehow that always reminded me of little Bo Peep!
After the first month of confinement, Sarah and Aisling were always found together. That summer the weather was beautiful! I spent a good part of my day with the girls. The crack was mighty! It was almost like old times.
Maeve was home for the summer. Deirdre's job with the Forestry and Wildlife had finally come to an end. Some politician earmarked the money for his own pet project and so it was pulled out of research, the petty cash of power players.
Both were going to the States. Deirdre was going for a year, to think about her future. She had tried every county in Ireland for a job but there was now a glut of science graduates and the jobs could not keep pace with the numbers pouring out of University every year.
Maeve was waiting for a position to open up in the local national school. She had talked to the principal and had almost been assured of a job. That's as definite as you can get in this country! Since she had a whole year to kill, Maeve decided to make the most of it and take advantage of an aunt's invitation to go out to Georgia for a year. In the meantime, we had the summer together and we intended to make the most of it!
I wondered vaguely why Column didn't object to my frequent excursions as I knew he hated it, when I left the house, generally. I don't know why, as once the chores were done (Nellie having made a remarkable recovery with only a dent in her thigh muscle to show for her ordeal) there was nothing else to do. I always made sure I was back in time to get his dinner ready.
One day in late August he casually asked,
"How are the girls doing?"
"Oh they're in great form! They're back to their old selves again!" He shook his head,
"Not Sarah and Aisling, how are the babies" I glanced sideways at him, curiously but being surreptitious about it.
"Oh they're cute little chubby things. They're no trouble at all! (When I told Aisling this later she burst out with, "Isn't that just like a single person to make such an ignorant observation! No trouble at all! Of course they're trouble! They're helpless for God's sake! Did you ever look after anyone or anything that was helpless?" I could think of one but I kept it to myself. She was highly amused at my gross stupidity, I must say I was a bit indignant about it all!)
"It would be nice to hear the patter of little feet around this house." he said. The first thing that entered my head was, "Would you even notice?" I blushed with shame for that thought, it seemed very ungenerous somehow.
"You know I need a son to help me when I get older. I'd really like us to have children. I think it would be good for you too. Besides, people are beginning to talk." I felt embarrassed and confused. It sounded like an accusation. As though somehow it was my fault. We had been having sex as often as before and I didn't know why nothing was happening but deep down I was glad. In my heart I thought, "Not yet. We have to break through to each other before we can bring a child into this sterile atmosphere." He continued, "I was thinking, maybe we should get a few things for the house. You were asking about a washing machine and a cooker. Well, I've been thinking about it and maybe you're right. Just because I lived without these things doesn't mean you should have to do the same." My jaw was dropping incredulously as he spoke. I had to mentally lift it off the floor and will it to stay in place! I couldn't believe my ears!
"That would be great, Column!" I didn't ask him what had caused him to change his mind. My policy being don't look a gift horse in the mouth! He cleared his throat and said,
"I can take a day off next week. We could go into Letterkenny and order something. What do you think?" There was never really any doubt as to what I thought but I reassured him anyway that it would be just fine with me!
The next day I had arranged to meet Deirdre by Tra na Faoilinn for a ride. She had been given a beautiful black Arabian she called Shilak, a year earlier as a birthday present. I saw her standing on the crest of the dune. Her long strawberry blonde hair, thick and wavy, formed a living whirl of motion around her still form. What a picture she made on her black prancing stallion!
As I advanced I was aware of the contrast I posed beside her. I felt guilty as I knew she would never think along those lines and once again I wondered if I created my own reality? If she was unaware of how gauche Cara and I were beside her, why did I have to give substance to that image, if it existed only in my mind? How disloyal to Cara also, as I was attributing my imperfections to her.
Cara, oblivious to my betrayal, whinnied her welcome across the sand to her friend, Shilak! The air was clean and sharp and laden with the smell of seaweed and periwinkles. Shilak came bouncing over the strand towards us. Deirdre shouted above the wind
“It's a great day for a ride. But...the wind! It's so strong! I had to twine my fingers into Shilaks’ mane to keep from slipping off when we were cantering!" It was about four miles from Deirdre's house to Column's house but she, like Aisling and everyone else had never been to visit me yet. The visit that had been arranged for Aisling and Mom had been called off because of the death of Sean, after the storm. No further arrangements had been made, much to my relief. But now, that Column was talking of buying a few modern conveniences, the shame wouldn't be so great. You see, I never told anyone how backward the house was. A mixture of pride and shame. Shame for the house and for Column that he wouldn't do anything about it. And Pride, I was too proud to have anyone's sympathy. Few in the village thought I would ever get married and I was not going to advertise for their amusement the price I paid for the privilege.
"Yes, it’s great! A good gallop gets rid of all the cobwebs!" I replied. We settled down for a walk first. "When are you going to the States, Deirdre?" I asked.
"I'll probably go in September. Some girls I know from Galway have an apartment in NY. I'll probably work and save money and try to figure out what the hell I'm going to do with myself. I'm a little worried about leaving Mom. I don't think she is in as great a form as she would have me believe. She's practically chasing me out the door. She told me,
"Go for a year. Decide on what you want to do. But make sure it's in Glenbeg. Not for me, Deirdre, for yourself. You may not know it yet but you'll never be happy anywhere else. You're just like your Father, you know!" Deirdre turned in her saddle to look directly at me, "You don't know how lucky you are!"
"What do you mean?" I asked surprised.
"Hell, look at you! You have a life here! A feeling of belonging and purpose. I could never stay here if I didn't have a job. I have a responsibility to use my degree, whether I want to or not. Of course I want to, but sometimes I wish I hadn't gone to College at all. Look at the women here, Treasa! If you want to stay here you're first career must be marriage. While that may be fine for you, Aisling and Sarah, it's not very fair to me. Any women that went to College from these parts, are all in Dublin or London or some other city. If you want to stay in Donegal you're better off not getting an education because you'll never use it. It's just not fair!
"I never thought of myself as being lucky (what an irony!) but yes, I see what you mean." I didn't add that I pay for it in other ways.
Deirdre broke into my thoughts, "Are you ready? Let's see who can make it to the point first!" The point was where the beach changed direction and was about a mile from us. Shilak was already high stepping and wheeling in half circles as if he understood what Deirdre had said! Not to be outdone, Cara started to shake her head up and down! Her signal that she was ready too!
We careened into the brine filled breeze and on a signal took off. It didn't matter that we had done this numerous times before! Each time was like the first time! The thrill of racing against another, primed the adrenaline.
Shilak was quick and nimble and always managed to streak out in front, but Cara too, was fast. It just took her longer to stretch into her stride! As we came close to the point, Cara had overtaken Shilaks’ tail, then trunk and was almost nose to nose when she had to stop! Deirdre turned to me and with a flushed, smiling, panting face, exclaimed, "You know Treasa, Cara has a lot of speed in her. She gives the impression that if the stretch was any longer she would give Shilak a shilaking!" I smiled pleased with her observation. In fact, I had felt myself that Cara was indeed only getting her rhythm when she had to stop.
"Thanks! She's all heart. She just goes for it!" Deirdre laughed, "Just like her owner!" I looked curiously at her, but said nothing. Boy, was she far off the mark, there! That's definitely not how I would characterise myself.
We walked up through the dunes. There was a lovely view from the top of the highest dune. We always chose to stop and rest the horses here. It was a height above a semi-circular cove. The mountains rose to the south behind us. In front was an untidy arc-shaped hinterland just beyond which there was a scatter of sprawling islands set in a glittering sea. The deep blue channel water was like a thin ribbon floating on the lighter green of the sea. The green and purple landscape was dotted with rocky outcrops and granite boulders that looked as though they had been rained down from the sky. But apart from this population, it was quite deserted. The sheer magnificence of the scene, was humbling. We rarely spoke here. It was almost like a holy sanctuary. And in fact it was always the place I came to, when in need of peace.
Deirdre asked if I was going to the Ceili at Mom and Dad's the following week. I told her I had spoken to Column about it and we probably would go.
"You know," she said, "I'm going to miss the crack when I go away. It's a lonely feeling not knowing what to do with the rest of your life."
Thinking back to that day on the beach nine years earlier I could sympathise with her. I had made my choice then. Even when we think we are avoiding making decisions, we're not. We're still making them, only our choices diminish.
We parted at the top of the strand road.
"I'll see you tomorrow afternoon in Aislings’." she yelled after me. I waved, "Cheerio."
That evening I asked Column if he was going to go to the Ceili in Dads. He replied cautiously, "Is there going to be a big crowd?" I said as far as I knew there were about five musicians and our family, Sarah, Paul, Deirdre, Maeve and a few of Ciaran's friends.
"You know yourself, what the Ceilis’ are like. Everyone is there more for the music than the talking anyway." He nodded and said, "OK" He was full of surprises lately! First his complete turnaround on going modern and now to willingly agree to a social night out! It gave me hope. There had been no further revelations since the previous April and even that, I was beginning to doubt had taken place anywhere, except in my head. If only! How often I had said that! But how do you talk about feelings to someone who won't admit he has them! Nevertheless, there was a certain change of heart and this was encouraging.
The day we went to Letterkenny was a cold damp one. As usual it had the effect of dulling enthusiasm. I was determined though to make the most of it. The drive took about an hour through some of the wildest, untouched and most beautiful scenery in the land. Forget about the Ring of Kerry! The hard bleak lands of the coast were separated from the richer grain fields of the East, by a line of blue tinted mountains. The most notable being Ardrigh, rising from the foot of Bunsleibhe valley. A case of contrasts! Bunsleibhe, a small smattering of houses on a rich floodplain of the Clogherlan River, and Ardrigh! One of the most majestic mountains I have ever seen! Its grey scree streaked slope complemented by muted blue tones. Its weather-beaten face refusing to yield soil capable of sustaining life and so it is as barren as it is beautiful.
I never tired of that ride into Letterkenny and so I chatted away happily to Column while my eyes feasted on the grandeur before me. Column always enjoyed hearing the little stories from the village so much, that I found it hard to believe he didn't care for socialising! I put it down to shyness. He would deny this vigorously, saying he just liked the way I told the stories.
"You have a great way with a story, Treasa! You can make the smallest event interesting. I don't know how you do it, but it's one of the things I love about you." Well blow me down and roll me over! Did I just hear right?! This man was full of surprises lately! Now I know he didn't pledge eternal love or anything but you don't look for cake in a famine! The rest of the day couldn't go wrong after that!
We got our cooker, a gas cooker and a washing machine! I had the two spots on the floor polished to a brilliance, in anticipation of the honoured guests. Yes, things were looking up.
Shortly after the arrival of the appliances came the next major excitement! Dad's Ceili! It was one of the best nights I've ever had and I carry a videotape of it in my head.


Chapter 6 The Ceili


Dad was talking to Dinny Dan. He was called Dinny Dan because his mother a Kerry woman, called him Dinny, and his father a Donegal man, called him Dan, like himself! Dinny was playing the fiddle. He knows more reels and jigs than anyone else I know. Dad was trying to get the other younger musicians to learn them before they are lost forever.
"It's like this, Dan, the traditional Irish music is dying out but as long as we can keep some of the young ones interested, there's hope for it." Dad was saying to him. Dinny nodded his head and answered, "Ach now Tom, sure the way it is, we haven't a hope! What with this Carry-yoky thing they have nowadays, sure they're more interested in gettin' up and making a fool of themselves than taking the time to learn the art!"
"I know what you mean indeed Dinny, and you've got a point. This Karaoke is ruining the young ones altogether! I was up in Friels lounge last week. You know, somewhere different for a pint, and all the young ones that was up there, tripping over themselves for the privilege of making a holy show of themselves. It was a sad sight to see indeed!" Dad turned to Column and asked him if he had been at any of the Karaoke sessions in Friels. I laughed to myself at the very idea!
"No Tom. Like yourself I wouldn't be in for that kind of thing. What's it like anyway?" Dinny Dan piped in, "Well, it's like this do you see, it's like listening to people that thinks they're alone in the bath tub, do you know what I mean? Because that's just what they sound like! Now, I don't know is it that when they're up there with all that equipment or something that they suffer from some kind of grand delusion! I can only tell you what they sound like. And Saints preserve us, but it's embarrassing to listen to them and the most embarrassing part is when they step down, thinking they're a celebrity, with the whole place clapping and cheering, never knowing they’re winking and nodding behind their backs!" I left Column at this stage as he seemed to be relaxing into the conversation. Aisling and Sarah were in the kitchen helping Mom make sandwiches. I went in to help them.
"How's everything going?" I asked
"Oh Treasa! Just the one we need! Grab a knife and start buttering! More people showed up than we thought would. It's going to be a great night!"
It was traditional that the musicians would eat and have a drink first. Then they would play for a couple of hours, stop and eat again and so on. I have never seen men eat and drink like musicians do, between playing! They eat with more gusto than men who've spent a day in the bog cutting turf!
Kitty Whelan came in to the kitchen. Kitty, is a beautiful looking girl and while aware of it, is not absorbed by it. Her most attractive asset though is her personality. Lively, and quick witted, she adds an extra sparkle to any party. Mom asked, "How're the boyfriends these days, Kitty?"
"Oh few and far between, times are hard, you know Mrs. Gallagher!"
"Ah now, you're only saying that! A good looking girl like you is never short! Aren’t you going out with Seamus Gillespie now?"
"That fella? I wouldn't be seen dead with him! He's the most big-headed galoot I've ever had the displeasure to meet! He'll never get a girl to think half as much of him as he does of himself! I wonder he needs a girlfriend at all, he could just sit at home and look in the mirror!" Aisling asked, "Is he as bad as that, really?"
"I'm not kidding you! I've been watching his antics for some time now and let me tell you, I'm not impressed! At the dances he walks around sizing everybody up and down, like this.” And she put her hands on her hips and made swaggering circles around the women while covering their assets from head to toe. Aisling gave her a playful shove and said, “Go on out of that! Nobody could be that cocky!” Kitty smiled and said, I’m telling you! It’s exactly what he does! Most of the girls are crazy about him, and he knows it. Once in a while he might ask someone out for a date but he never asks the same girl out twice. It's like he's keeping a score card or something. Well, one night he had been prowling around my corner and I didn't even ignore him, that's how little impression he makes on me! He says to me,
"Hey Kitty, how're you doing?" 
"Fine thanks" says I
"Would you like to go out for a drive?" says he. I said to myself "Well, aren’t you the cocky one!" There was no "Would you like to dance, or have a drink, or sit down for a chat, oh no! Straight away, into the business! Like I had been born sitting on a stool waiting for him to show up!
"No thanks, Seamus," says I. I thought it might dent his ego but no fear of it! He just said, "I'll see you around." and went on to the next girl on his list, who jumped at the chance. The next day I was walking over the road when who pulled up in a car but the bauld Seamus!
"How're you Kitty, it was a good night last night" says he as calm as you like.
"By the way, the offer still stands, you know" Well! That's all I needed to hear! Says I to him,
"Well, so does the rejection! Put that in your pipe and smoke it Seamus Gillespie. There's some women who can make it through the day without thinking about you, you know!" You know what he said? He winked at me and said with a grin, "But not many!" and with that he took off! We were all laughing heartily. Aisling said to Kitty,
"There's no doubt about it Kitty, you're well fit for them! But I must admit he was a cheeky article right enough!"
We had finished the sandwiches by this time and brought them in to the waiting crowd. There was a great air of expectation and the conversation was quick and animated. Column was still in the musicians’ corner. He was talking to Michael, the Bodhran player. Now, Michael was a fisherman as well and they were talking about the season's catch.
Ciaran, Donal and Conal were talking to Nuala, Maire and Fionnuala, about the soccer match that they had played the day before. Glenbeg versus a team from Monaghan. It was an amateur league, but to hear the boys, you'd swear they were talking World Cup!
"Did you see that fella they called crosslegs McArdle? What a mover! I never saw anything like him before! He could tie a man up with his own legs while he was trying to figure out what the hell he was doing with the ball!" Ciaran said with a look of begrudging admiration on his face.
"I know what you mean!" Donal replied. "And to look at him you'd think he was put on the field as a joke! Either that, or they were really hard up for players! Boy was he a surprise! How'd he do it anyway?" Conal was listening carefully to all this and added his observations.
"Well boys, I had a good view from the back and I think it had something to do with his bandy legs! You couldn't tell which way the ball would come off a them! Look at that pass he made to the Fox? Who could have seen that coming and McArdle with his back to him!"
"I'll tell you one thing though, that goalie, what was his name? Terminal Tierney? Boys, he's some gorilla of a man! I wouldn't like to slide in between those posts accidentally with the ball. You'd be dead! Did you see the goalie area after the game? He lifted every sod of grass out of there! I wouldn't be a bit surprised if they landed down home in Monaghan!" Ciaran took another sip of his pint and added, "At least he was clean. As for those other two bollixes, they were lucky they didn't get a good hiding afterwards."
Donal asked, "You mean Foxy Finegan and Footsy Flynn?"
"Aye. Those two!"
"Where did they get the names from?" Conal asked curiously.
"I'd say they grew into them from what I saw." Ciaran said sourly. "Everyone knows Monaghan men are thick. Sure look it, the only poet that ever came out of there, an all he could talk about was shiite!"
"You mean Kavanagh?"
"Aye, that's your man. What can you expect from the rest of them, if that's all the best of them can do!"
"They won the game though." Donal added as an afterthought. Ciaran exploded,
"Well of course they won the fucking game. Isn't that my point! Those two, Finegan and Flynn were so cute they were never caught once, by the ref. Not once!"
"It was hard to catch them, though. They were good. Remember when Seamy Knight and Brian O'Donnel had the ball and were taking it up the field? They looked like nothing could stop them! They made some great crosses and then the next thing you know Seamy's on the ground and Flynn is on top of him."
"Yeah. Finegan brought him down and Flynn finished him off. You couldn't prove it though. Even Seamy will tell you he doesn't know how he landed there."
"He was lucky he didn't break his leg with the kick he got! He'll be out of action for the rest of the season with that ankle." Donal remarked.
The girls had been standing quietly listening to this sports review but finally Fionnuala could not contain herself any longer. She poked Donal and said,
"If you boys are going to be talking soccer all night you can take each other home!"
"Och, me and the boys are discussing some important tactics here, girls. Why don't you go off and powder your noses or something and come back at the end of the night!" Ciaran loved to provoke a fight! Maire replied sarcastically,
"Important tactics? You could have fooled me! I thought you were licking your wounds after your annihilation yesterday!" Conal put his arm around Maire and said,
"Well Maire, that's where you are entirely wrong!" He looked at Ciaran and Donal and winked,
"But sure ye can't expect women to understand the finer points of a sport like soccer, right boys?" The girls laughed at them. Nuala said,
"Come on girls, they're no crack anyway. We're better off without them."
The night was going great. The music started and the talking died down to quiet hush. After the first set of reels which ran for about twenty minutes, Dad turned to Column and asked if he'd like to lead off with a tune of his choice, on the tin whistle. To my complete surprise, Column slid his hand down his sweater and pulled out of his shirt pocket, his tin whistle. He led off with a haunting melody. An old sea shanty with all the fluid motions of the sea, woven into it. The other musicians bided their time and each joined in when they found the rhythm open up for them. It was beautiful. The song carried on long past its original length, kept alive and changing due to the alternate improvisations of the different members of the group. Finally after a rousing crescendo, it was led to an abrupt halt. A cheer went up from the musicians themselves for Column and there followed a flurry of questions which Column self-consciously answered. His face was flushed with pleasure that he had been so well received.
I remember thinking what a great night it was! The crack was mighty! Seeing how well Column was enjoying himself, allowed me to relax more.
At the break, Mom and I served more tea and biscuits and having completed our obligations settled in for the rest of the night.
Sitting next to the fire, nursing a stout was Jimmy Cole, the Coinin (the Rabbit). He was talking to Mom. He was called the Coinin because he spent all his time running away from certain people. Jimmy is our resident poacher! He could outpace the most sure footed, in manoeuvring the uneven slopes of the Clogherlan River, even at the ripe old age of...well nobody really knows! He once confided to me, he started poaching in the early days as a small protest against the English Landlord that owned the Clogherlan River at the time.
"I was just taking back a wee bit of Ireland for the people, at a time, when we barely owned the clothes on our backs." I asked him once why he still does it, now that Ireland is a free state. He replied, "Sure aren’t our own worse than the bloody Sassanachs? Sure 'tis always the way. 'Tis a poor thing to say for a country when a free man can't take a free fish from a free flowing river! And what did God make them for at all? I do it as a strike for the freedom of all Irish fishermen and besides..." leaning conspiratorially towards me, "Friel pays five pounds a pound!"
The Coinin seemed to spend his life on the run from two people. One was the Crubeen (pigs’ foot) and the other was the widow Fahy! The Crubeen was the bailiff who had been trying to catch the Coinin for forty years and the widow Fahy had been after him for nearly as long.
"I'm getting too old for this. Oh, I'll always be able to stay one foot ahead of the Crubeen, but I can never get far enough ahead of the black widow! Wouldn't you think sending one man to an early grave would be enough for any woman, without looking to snuff out a poor gombeen like myself, as well!" Mom was highly amused. The Coinin could not be made to take anyone or anything seriously, except where it pertained to Mrs. Fahy!
"Aah now, why don't you just marry the widow and be done with it!" Mom said teasingly.
"Do you know what you're saying, at all woman?!" he said shuddering at the very thought of it!
"I'd sooner let the Crubeen haul me off to jail than have anything to do with that woman!" Dinny Dan shouted over to Jimmy,
"Did you run any fat off the Crubeen yet?" It was a standing joke that the Coinins’ goal in life apart from making a political statement on behalf of the Irish, was to save the Bailiff from early death due to an over fondness of the dining table! George Black was a dour, overweight, protestant who got the job forty years earlier, working for an English landlord and subsequently changing allegiance with the times, went to work for Bord na Mona (national energy board who used the river for producing hydro-electricity). It had amused Glenbeg for decades, the antics of the two of them! However Jimmy was undoubtedly the one in control of the situation, and did he enjoy it! Jimmy wrinkled his brow chuckling to himself for a moment, and then appearing to turn serious he replied,
"It's funny you should mention him now, Dinny, because do you know I just ran into him the other night! He seemed a little annoyed about something. I suppose it's bad these days trying to watch that river what with all the youngsters that's running around these days." Jimmy said shaking his head. Jimmy confided in very few people about his illegal shenanigans. There was no need, everybody knew anyway.
"There I was, just walking over the road when who should I bump into but the quare fella himself! "How're ye" says I
"Where are you going?" says he
"I'm going over the road for some fish and chips." says I, "Would you like some?"
"At one o'clock in the morning?"
"Isn't it great not to be married!" says I, "No offense there Mrs. Gallagher!" he added in an aside to Mom before continuing, "You can do what you want anytime of the day or night!" Well, he just grunted at me and stormed off. Ah sure it's a hard way for him to make a living, an cratur!" said the Coinin smiling broadly!
It was generally believed the Crubeen would have been dead long ago but for sheer tenacity and bad humour that kept him going, determined to stick around until he caught the Coinin, just once!
Maire, Fionnuala and Nuala had forgiven the boys their chauvinism by the end of the night. I looked around at the gathering. The long shadows that stretched out from the fire contrasted with the flame flushed faces sitting grouped on the inner circle. Dad never used the electric light on these nights.
"It's better by open fire and oil lamps, the way it used to be." It certainly did create a unique atmosphere that seemed to bridge time and space to evoke memories of the past. This strange sensation was felt most acutely at the moment it disappeared, at the end of the evening when the electric bulb beamed us once again, into the twentieth century.
Driving home that night, Column unexpectedly asked if I'd like a walk on the beach. It was only midnight and I was still on the wings of elation and what could be a nicer way to end the evening? Column was full of talk about the music. He had enjoyed the camaraderie that borders on clannishness, found among musicians.
The night was beautiful, clear and star studded. We walked companionably, Column holding my hand. I was so full of happiness and pride, I thought I would burst! We sat down after a while and sat watching the waves swish in and out, filling our lungs with the salt of life.
He gently turned to me and freed my hair from its constraints, and kissed me. Oh the thrill of it! We made love in the cool rough sand, which glowed with a pale luminescence borrowed from the moon. His hot breath on my naked body contrasted with the cool breeze that wafted over me. I became lost in sensation. One wonderful, rippling sensation after another like waves of ecstasy washing over me. The wind, the stars, the rough dry sand, his warm body, the salt and sweat, collided in a dizzying kaleidoscope of pure pleasure.
When we resurfaced to reality, we lay close together freed from the need of words, for a long time. We eventually got dressed, almost reluctantly, and kissed one last lingering time before returning home to a deep peaceful, sleep.


Chapter 7 Girl’s night out


I finally got the courage to ask Mom and Aisling over for lunch. You may laugh but to me it was important. I wanted the place to be presentable. They would never have set foot inside the door by my invitation if Column hadn't changed his mind on the appliances. Once I had made the formal invitation I was seized with panic! I scrubbed the house from top to bottom. The vases were filled with wild flowers (as my attempts at cultivation had fallen on stony ground). The delph was shining in the old dresser. The washing machine and cooker looked as good as the day they arrived.
It was a lovely mild September morning when Aisling pulled her new Toyota up the stony driveway. As Mom and Aisling stepped out of the car, I saw their smiles fade momentarily as they took in their surroundings, but were quickly retrieved upon seeing me. My initial excitement evaporated as I saw the house again for the first time, through their eyes. I saw all the imperfections magnified and its improvements diminished.
When we had finished looking over the place, I brought them into the main room where the table was set for lunch. There was a wonderful smell of fresh baked bread which somehow was an appeasement offering on behalf of the house for its own shortcomings.
The table was set for three. The brown bread and soda bread complemented each other on the one plate and the still steaming scones were pumping forth an enticing aroma, even if I do say so myself! There was a pot of Mom's delicious blackberry jam on the table. An assortment of cheeses, ham and tomato were already arranged on a plate with a sprig of parsley in the centre, parsley being the one herb that grew with unabashed vigour, unbidden around the non-garden. The kettle was boiling and I made a pot of tea. Mom remarked,
"You should have had me out earlier, Treasa! You need a lot of help around here and I've got nothing better to do anyway."
"Sure you have more than enough to do without coming around here setting me up." I laughed ruefully. Aisling asked, "How come there's no lights in any other room but this one?" This is why I hadn't wanted anyone over! I didn't want to have to explain things! Questions like this!
"When they got electricity, they only put outlets in the sitting room for a light and the TV. The rest of the house isn't wired for electricity."
"Why not?" she asked.
"Well, Column grew up with it like this so he doesn't even notice it."
"You do! Didn't you say anything to him?" Aisling asked incredulously.
"Well, I told him it would be nice to have a cooker and washing machine and he went out and bought those and had the necessary electric work done for them.' As soon as I said that I realised my mistake!
"You mean you had no cooker or washing machine, when you moved in? What were you doing? Washing everything by hand? How did you cook? I know you've been baking bread, how could you do that in an open fire?" I looked at Mom and she intuitively knew what Aisling should have also known but was too immersed in her emotions to perceive.
"People ate bread before the invention of the cooker, you know Aisling. I told Treasa how to bake by open grate and she proved a dab hand at it too." A look of exasperation was on Aisling's face. She leaned toward me and demanded,
"Haven't you even asked him to get the rest of the house wired? I mean for heaven's sake! It took long enough for electricity to make it across these mountains and connect us with the rest of the world, why on earth would you willingly stay in the nineteenth century?" I was trapped. Why did I always seem to measure so short of people's expectations?
"Don't rush things Aisling! Rome wasn't built in a day! Now then Treasa, why don't we start with some curtains? I have beautiful white lace stuffed away somewhere in one of the closets. It would be a simple job to run up whatever you'd like." My spirits rose a little as I gladly succumbed to Mom's persuasive engineering. She made wonderful little suggestions. Each on its own would go unnoticed, but taken in their sum, they would make a perceptible difference. Aisling took the hint and backed off. She limited the discussion to making suggestions for improvements.
By the end of their visit, I had not only curtains planned for every room but cushions also. Mom was a whiz at making carrick-macross lace and said she'd make some nice pieces for me over the winter. She added another project to my list. She suggested I make a hooked rug for the hearth, to dress it up.
"There's nothing like a nice hooked rug to dress up a fireplace! And they have so many beautiful patterns, these days. You never know, you might even get Column interested in it!" she grinned. "That's how Dad got started, you know!" I smiled to myself at the thought of Column sitting by the fireplace with a wad of canvas over his knees as he pulled lengths of wool from a basket and weaved them into the canvas! Pigs would fly before that would happen! They had lots of suggestions for the front of the house as well.
"Get Column to fence the chickens in the back this Autumn." Mom said. "There's no reason why they have to be scratching around in the front. Next Spring we'll get Liam Mhic Ned to bring his J.C.B. around and hoe that topsoil for you and we'll enrich it with Cara's manure, it should be well composted by then. We can add a little peat moss and sure then you'll be away with it! It'll be like black gold when we're finished with it! You'll have the best garden soil in Glenbeg!" With that she gave me a peck on the cheek and said goodbye adding,
"I promised Dad I'd be back in time to go to Letterkenny with him and I'm late already. We're catching the bus so I really need to run. I'll be back next week with the material for the curtains and cushions and I'll help you get started." She turned to Aisling and asked, "Ready?"
"I'll be right out, Mom."
"OK but don't be too long. I'm running late as it is."
Aisling drew closer to me and looked at me in that piercing way that she has,
"Is everything alright?" I smiled. If only she knew! I was the happiest I had ever been! Material things didn't matter too much to me. I was not so ashamed of the house because it was antiquated but I felt their shame that I should accept it so. I did accept it, now. Why couldn't Aisling of all people see that! If it was good enough for me to live in, why did she feel she had to make a fuss? Was it because she felt I was so grateful to Column for marrying me and saving me from spinsterhood that I was willing to accept any escape? Was that true? I hated thinking like this. Suddenly my previous sphinx-like secret crumbled. I realised Aisling felt I had sold myself cheap, just for status, married status. Had I?
Mom was as good as her word and over the next few weeks she came up and helped me put curtains up, and make cushions. She picked me up a lovely 5 by 8 foot hook-rug pattern in Letterkenny to keep me busy over winter. She also gave me a beautiful intricately woven lace design that I could frame and put on the wall. It was of two swans swimming. It was truly beautiful!
Aisling gave me a couple of armchairs, I would now finally have a comfortable seat as previously there was only one armchair, the rest all being hard wooden kitchen chairs! We both re-upholstered them in a lovely rose chintz pattern that she got when she was in Dublin a few months earlier.
Column was delighted with the changes! He would say, "The place looks great! I don't know how you do it, but it makes a difference! All we need now is a clatter of kids running around to complete the picture!" He talked often along these lines. I was in no doubt as to his position on increasing the family size, that's for sure! I found myself coming around also. I looked at Sarah and Aisling and how happy they seemed to be with their youngsters. The last of my uncertainties were fading away.
The time finally came when Deirdre and Maeve were to leave for the States. Deirdre to friends in NY and Maeve was going to an Aunt in Jacksonville, Georgia. Their plans were finalised. Their visas were ready and so we arranged a last night out to celebrate. I prepared Column well in advance. He didn't look too happy about it.
"Why can't you meet in the daytime, like you always do?" he asked disagreeably. I felt a twinge of impatience but I suppressed it and replied reasonably that it was important to us. We were all very close and we didn't know when we were going to see the girls again. He muttered inaudibly and marched out the door. He was putting a new chicken run, out the back. Mom had cornered him one day when she saw him at the shop and had suggested it to him, adding that chickens scratching about the entrance would be unhealthy if a baby were ever to arrive on the scene.
"It's better to be prepared for God's little surprises, don't you think Column?" she said innocently. It was amazing how she handled men! I had been observing her over my lifetime and I don't recall her ever give the real reason why she believed something should be done. She always gave the reason, they believed it should be done. Even if they didn't believe it should be done at all! And so it was to this task he returned to, much disgruntled over my proposed visit.
It was ironic but at that very moment he seemed like a victim! Now Column is not one you could easily picture as a victim! But he was unwittingly, at the mercy of the wiles of two conniving women, well one really, my Mom!
Friday the twentieth of September arrived. There was a mixture of anticipation and the inevitable sense of imminent loss that added a certain frenetic energy to the day’s activities. Sarah, Aisling and I booked dinner for five in Friels. Aisling was to pick me up at 7pm. I couldn't very well ride there on Cara! Column looked at me critically before Aisling's arrival.
"You look like you're going dancing instead of eating." I automatically scanned my body for inappropriateness.
"How can you say that! I'm wearing a knee length skirt, a blouse and jacket! What’s wrong with that?” But he just grunted. Just then Aisling's car could be heard crunching in the driveway. I ran over to him and pecked him on the cheek. "Don't wait up for me, honey. If you're tired, go to bed. I'll tell you all about it tomorrow." As it turned out, it was to be the other way around.
We met in Friels dining room that overlooks the Magheraltan bay. The view was stunning! The sun hung low on the horizon appearing to float on the water. The sky was blood streaked. The islands were silhouetted against this vibrant back drop. The last rays of daylight were flung across the rippled waters like a ruby rug. The odd bird strayed across this scene, scurrying home before curfew. My eyes were dragged from the scene on hearing Deirdre and Maeve's voices approach.
The dinner was wonderful. Eamonn danced attendance on us all night, even though he had a full room of guests. His was one of the few establishments that always seemed to thrive year round. A mixture of fabulous views, good plain food and a lot of charm. How much of the latter was inherent to the hotel and how much owing to the dynamism of the owner was hard to distinguish!
It was not an old hotel, having been built in the last twenty years. But while modern in many respects it had an odd touch of old Donegal, something, a sense, rapidly disappearing from the Glen, every year. Take the walls for example. They were adorned with black and white photographs dating back one hundred years. Some were of the stark peninsulas, bays and promontories that made this area so beautiful and remained unchanged. Some photos were of old, craggy, weather-beaten lives. They were fascinating! For, while elemental in every way, yet there was a strange ambiguity about them. Theses faces were worldly in survival experience, but also fresh in wide eyed innocence and curiosity. History breathed within those frames.
Eamonn Friel was unlike many Irish successful businessmen. He was proud of his heritage and it showed! The dining room curtains were of Irish lace, the table cloths made from Irish linen and royal Tara was the tea service. But it was in the "Thatch” pub that he indulged himself the most. These walls were covered with iron works dating into the nineteenth century. Slanes, scythes, and various other implements that were used to work the bog and the fields. Interspersed between them were again, old photographs showing the tools in use.
Copper worked impressions of mythic figures traced a history of the great cycles in Irish Mythology. Starting with Lughaid of the silver hand and ending with Fionn Mac Cumhaill and his two hounds Bran and Sceolan, with the full army of the Fianna at his back. There was a turf fire in the corner angled out towards the room, sending inviting warmth beckoning the idle forth.
It was this room we gravitated to after our dinner. We had studiously avoided mention of the departure ticking ever closer, but as the night wore on, its reality loomed larger obliging our recognition, however reluctant.
"What are you going to do over there?" Aisling asked at last. Deirdre and Maeve exchanged uncertain looks. Deirdre answered first.
"I suppose I will waitress. I mean that's all I can think of to do without working papers. I just know I have to form a plan. At least over there, I'll be working. I won't be on the dole. It's very discouraging when you want to work and there is nothing available. I'm going to stay with Helen and Sinead. Remember the two I shared a flat with in Galway? They went out earlier this year and have a flat in Greenwich Village. I feel all through other. I'm excited about going to New York, but not about staying there. If the truth be told I'd much rather stay here. But I intend to come back as soon as I can, when I've got a plan to move forward with, here." Sarah nodded, "I know what you mean. They aren't hiring too many College graduates in the fish and chip shop these days." she added drily. Aisling turned to Maeve, "What about yourself?"
"I'm in a better position than Deirdre. At least I've been promised a job in a year. Remember I was telling you about the interview I had in July? Well, the principal told me Mrs. Doherty is retiring next year and they were looking for a local native Irish speaker to fill the position. "You'll do nicely." she told me. I'm just going to America to see a bit of the world since I'm going to be teaching all my life, I'd like to have a shot at bumming around for a while!"
"Who are you going to stay with?" Sarah asked.
"I'm going to be staying with my Aunt Eithne. According to Mammy she's quite a character!"
"What will you do when you are there?"
"Aunt Eithne said she could get me a job in the College she lectures in. They need someone to update their computer banks. It's a part time job and sounds just up my alley. I can get a little practise on my word processing into the bargain!"
"What's your Aunt like?"
"Mammy said she's "different"! I think she's very unconventional. Mammy said, "Whatever you do, don't let her fill your head up with too much nonsense!" According to Mammy, she doesn't believe in marriage. Mammy finds it all very shocking." Maeve pulled herself upright and cocking her head to one side said, 
"If marriage was invented as some form of insurance that the male of the species would stick around to share in the responsibilities of rearing his brood, it has failed miserably. Firstly, it has never deterred a man from deserting his family, if he so desires, and secondly, it has never ensured that he shares responsibilities in the event that he should remain. It's generally the case that he merely adds to the responsibilities." Laughing, Aisling asked, "Did she really say that?"
"No kidding! Mammy was so scandalised she never forgot it! I thought it was funny when I heard it first myself. Now I'd say that tells a lot about Aunt Eithne! It should be a real mind opener spending an entire year with a sixty-year old feminist! Mind you, it will probably ruin any chance I might have of a love life. She sounds like she would scare any man off!"
"How did she get ideas like that if she grew up here?" I asked curiously.
"She was the youngest in a house of ten children. By the time she was a teenager, most of the others were working, but there was no chance of Eithne ever being able to find work. Times were very hard then. The only hope of a good future was emigration. The older members of the family wanted to do something for her. They pooled their very meagre savings for a boat fare for her and arranged to send her to a cousin in Georgia. And so, off she went! She went to school during the day and waitressed in a diner at night. After many years she graduated with honours from the University of Jacksonville, where she now lectures. She's a tough old bird from all accounts. I'm looking forward to meeting her."
"Did she never return to Ireland, even for a visit?" Deirdre asked.
"No. She said she had made her choice in life. But she conceded that there was an attraction.” Maeve preened herself for another impersonation,
"Ireland is like a jealous lover. I have spent a lifetime battling with her. She pulls me relentlessly. I have my life here. I cannot spend my life dithering and dothering between here and there! You should make up your mind once and stick to it." That's what she told Mammy once when Mammy asked if she would come for a visit. I can tell Mammy is very proud of her. While she doesn't agree with all she says, she is so proud that she has the independence of mind to believe in herself. That's why I know so much about her because Mammy remembers practically every conversation she has ever had with he. She rings twice a year and stays on the phone for exactly half an hour."
All this talk of emigration and separation had a new significance for Deirdre, given the uncertainty under which she was leaving.
Sarah broke the silence with a sudden excited shout.
"Girls! It's Friday night! They have that Karaoke thing on next door in the new lounge! Are ye game? Come on, I've been dying to see it since I heard about it six months ago! It'll be a bit of crack and you never know, we might get up and show Glenbeg the talent sitting here right under their very noses!"
Aisling, Deirdre and Maeve jumped at the idea. It was time for a diversion, to brighten our spirits. I wasn't so sure though. Column probably wouldn't like it but then sure it was only innocent fun! The new lounge was the one used for functions such as this, or discos. That night there was quite a crowd of mixed ages. We managed to get a seat in the corner. We watched in amazement as people unabashedly got up and sang out bravely (if not too tunefully!) to the choreographed words that trotted out on a screen in front of them. This was new to me! I was astounded! It was a complete assault on the senses! Some grated, some croaked, some shrilled. Some burped their way along, but they all had one thing in common! They did it with gusto! And a firm belief that they did it well! I could see how Dinny Dan or Dad would view this as a third rate replacement of real entertainment using real talents. It was sad in a way. Looking around at the young excited faces, I could see the demise of centuries of traditional music. Killed by technology.
The next day I couldn't stop thinking about the girls. "They must be in Letterkenny now.” A few hours later I would say to myself, “The bus is probably in Monaghan now, stopping near the church square for half an hour to let people out to stretch their legs after a three and a half hour ride. Then another two hour trip to Dublin.” I couldn't help thinking there may be Concorde's, Bullet trains, even flying cars but that would always remain just so much fiction, in Ireland, where they don't even have duel carriageways! No wonder the Loyalists don't want any part of us!
The two girls were going to spend the night with Deirdre's sister in Dublin and then fly out the following day. Deirdre was booked on Aer Lingus EI 104 for N.Y. and Maeve was flying British Airways to Atlanta, Georgia. Scarlet's country!
I wondered what my life would have been like if I hadn't married. Would I have stayed in Glenbeg forever or would I have been tempted to go to N.Y., Australia or England. I spent most of the day creating alternate lives for myself. At the end of the day I was happy to climb back into my own skin. All those choices! It takes a certain courage to break off from one mold and find another one to fit into.
When Column came home that evening I was so glad to see him. Deirdre had been right. I was one of the lucky ones! I had a reason to be in Glenbeg and here he was! I was bubbling with the news from the night before. I busied myself between the cooker and the table. I filled him in on the previous night. I didn't notice his cold silence until he spat out,
"I heard all about it, from the boys!" I turned to him in shock. First at his tone and secondly in dumb amazement. What was he talking about?
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"Oh Dennis and Maurice told me all about you!" Again I looked at him completely puzzled. What did he mean? His features had taken on a dark, angry, sneering look as he mimicked the boys,
"Hi Column, guess who we met last night at the Karaoke?! Your Treasa! She's a fine woman! There we were minding our own business when in she waltzes with some of the girls! I don't think I'd let her out like that on her own, though, if you know what I mean!" and the two boys winking and nudging each other! I told them you're a big girl now, you're free to do what you want. So then they burst out laughing, "Oh you're right there Column! She's a Big girl alright! Hey? How come you haven't any kids yet? If you need any help in that department I'll be right behind you!" That's when I hit him." Saying this he turned furiously to me and said,
"It's all your fault! Don't you know that these fella's only talk to you because they want to get a closer look at your tits? And thinking how they'd like to get their hands on them? Are you still such a fool you think that they care a fuck for what you're saying? All they can think of is how it would feel to...and you! Like a silly cow, stand there showing it all off to them!"
His face had worked itself up into a red seething mass. I could feel the heat pour over me like scalding water. As he was shouting I kept saying to myself, "This can't be happening! Column would never say...talk to me like this?" I felt my knees buckling and held onto the back of a chair for support. I could feel my skin become taut as the blood drained from my face. There was an eerie dream-like quality to all this. Maybe it was a dream. That's it. But the next utterances were to smash any attempt at self-hypnosis on that point.
"Look at you! You're just one big advertisement for sex, for children! All tits and ass and yet you can't even get that right! A man would think marrying Treasa Gallagher he'd have a fine clan of kids in no time, but you're only a tease. All temptation but you can't deliver!”
My world was shattering as each word, like a bullet, hit the fragile shell of my self-esteem. I didn't speak. I just went through the motions of the meal even though neither of us ate.
Column stormed over to his armchair and threw himself into it and prepared himself to watch TV for the night. I crept to the bedroom and cried. I cried without thinking. It was purely instinctive. I was hurt so bad I didn't want to think. I just wanted to empty myself of tears and emotion. Finally I fell asleep. I thought I had suffered the final indignity. I was wrong. It was yet to come.
I awoke when I heard the door close noisily, almost slamming shut. My head was still numb and while aware of what was happening my mind was dull and heavy. I was not fully alert. There was a measured rhythm to the way Column undressed that struck me as odd in a vague way but I was still drowsy. The next instant I was wide awake, Column pulled the bedclothes off me, roughly turned me over and fumbling removed my nightdress and panties. What happened next remains a painful blur.
He didn't ask.
I didn't refuse.
His hands grabbed me and groped....all over me. Finally he climbed and conquered the mass of passive flesh that was me. He rolled off when spent, turned over and promptly went to sleep. It was to be a fleeting victory.
I lay quivering, cringing on the edge of the bed, not daring to move even though I could hear his sleep noises. Finally a wave of nausea came over me. I climbed out quietly but urgently, and made for the kitchen. The waves of nausea ran through me and I got sick. When it stopped, I stood barefooted on the cold floor, still naked and shaking from head to toe. I sat down for a while to think. The only thing that seemed important was I had to get out. Now!
Quietly I went back into the room, the smell of sex in the room filled me with renewed dread as the realisation of what happened sank through the layers of consciousness, seeking recognition. He stirred in the bed, throwing his hand over to my empty space, but he didn't waken. Reaching for my clothes I grabbed whatever was at hand and ran out of the room.
Dressing in a state of confusion (I later found my jeans on backwards and my sweatshirt was inside out) I lifted the latch and breathed the free night air. Cara lifted her head up from grazing when she saw me come around the corner of the house. I threw a bridle on her, hopped on and headed for the bay, my secret sanctuary. I didn't think about it. We just landed there, Cara and I. There was a full moon which winked in and out behind small white woolly clouds. It was strange, like I was being pulled by an invisible thread to this centre. I took Cara's bridle off and left her free to eat. I knew I was going to be a while.
I threw myself on the heather by the cliff edge. But I didn't cry. There were no more tears left. I had cried them all out earlier. I couldn't think. The rich smell of the heather filled me and I looked out to the sea. Looking south where the sea ran in an inlet, I saw Ardrigh framed in the warm glow of the moonlight that dodged and darted fitfully. The moon was in its westward descent and was a rich ochre colour. A true harvest moon. It cast its golden beams over the wide swaths of ribbed sand and trapped shallow pools. For a long time I sat there, suspended in a sensory field, but soon thoughts came lapping at the shores of my vacuous brain. They came meekly at first and then got bolder and more demanding until my eyes forsook the serenity before them and turning inwards, faced the raging tides within.
Now my mind became filled with images. All I could think of, was that he was just like all the rest! I had thought he was different, special. He had treated me with respect, before. When we were going out, he hadn't acted like the others, trying to grope at me. But tonight that changed. And the things he said! I had spent my whole life in the shadow of my body, my breasts! Column had been the first man to relieve me of that identity. He seemed to make contact with me, the person lost inside. For that I had been eternally grateful. But now? I saw he was no different. In one cruel blow, he not only validated my previous fears that all men see me as an object, but he threw himself in with them! What did he marry me for? Because I looked like a fine strapping woman to rear a clatter of kids? I was picked for my assumed genetic vigour? Like a strong brood mare selected for a stallion, or a cow for a bull. That's what he called me! A cow. Stupid, passive, big udders.
I physically squirmed as I relived what happened later, in bed. How could he do that? To me? I loved him! I had done nothing to deserve this! Is it my fault that those Bastards look at me the way that they do? And have those thoughts? Do I invite it?
A slow hot anger suffused me. When, eventually it receded, steel had been forged from the soft pulp of my being.
I will not be treated like this. “Fuck you Column! You'll never hurt me like that again!” "What about leaving?" I asked myself? I thought about it briefly. My life was here and as long as I stayed I would never let anyone peek under the curtain of my private life. Pride wouldn't allow it. Nobody must know about this, my final humiliation! But I swore there were going to be some changes around here! The scenes played out in my mind, continuously. The despair and frustration I felt with myself. Screaming into the wind I cried, "Where was my voice? All my life I've allowed myself to be a victim. No more! No more!”
Whistling for Cara, I mounted and returned to the house. It was dawn. Column had left, I knew. I went to bed exhausted.


Chapter 8 Seasons of Change


Later that day when Column returned it was obvious he intended to indulge the remnants of his wounded male ego, at my expense. He didn't get a chance. Placing his dinner on the table I said in a level voice, "You have a choice. If I'm to be your housekeeper, I want some money for myself every week. If not, the house looks after itself and I go back to work in Friels. Think about it." After saying so, I picked up a book, sat by the fire and started to read. I could tell he was stunned because he was speechless. To my surprise, he didn't shout or yell or posture. He simply did what he does every night. Only tonight unlike other nights the silence was not a peaceful one. The sands of power had shifted.
I slept in the spare room from that night on. In the beginning, I would hear his footsteps stop uncertainly outside my bedroom door, but then they would continue to what had been our room.
It was strange. I had loved him utterly! He was my Knight in shining armour! How could I go from such devotion to this state of hardness, literally overnight? It shocked me. Are human emotions so mutable? If so how can we know what reality is? Is reality a state of mind? My faith in the seeming solidity of life was badly shaken. With an insight I felt more than articulated, I knew the change I felt take place the previous night, was bigger than what had transpired in the last 24 hours. I was angry not just with Column but also with myself and life. I was not going to be a victim of either my body, or others perception of it! I had been shackled too long by public opinion and others expectations of me! From now on, I was going to be me, Treasa Gallagher. Love me or leave me, warts and all.
Having made the decision to change I felt a sense of relaxation. The apprehension that always seemed to be a part of me, was gone, banished for good. I wasn't afraid, at least not yet. At that moment I just felt good. I felt calm and in control. I no longer feared Column's disapproval. In fact, I was completely indifferent to his opinion. I was still angry.
The weeks that followed were miserable ones. I didn't understand. Of course, I wasn't happy with the situation but my feelings for Column had hardened. I would never let him hurt me again. So why did I feel so physically sick? Column to my surprise accepted the terms laid before him and we had agreed on a figure to be put on the mantle-piece every Friday night. The first Friday it was not there, I warned him, I would be working in Friels the following Monday. The sickness I was experiencing puzzled me since for the first time maybe in my life, I felt in control of myself and my emotions. Sometimes when I am very upset I can feel the tension physically in my body, but it never lasted more than a day at most. Then one day, when I was visiting Aisling, she looked at me closely and said, "Are you pregnant, Treasa?" A smile was waiting in the wings for a positive response. I stopped what I was doing and froze. Her words echoed in my brain. "Pregnant? Pregnant? Pregnant?" It was almost as if I couldn't understand the meaning of the word but knew it was important. My ability to think became clouded. I only half understood what she meant but the warning bells were ringing in my ear. My mind snapped out of it and quickly raced through its databanks to check for validity. The information was slow to surface and it was only with supreme effort that I recalled I was over a month late! The course of events that had taken place had so displaced my normal thinking patterns which were just working on automatic.
"You mean you didn't suspect?" Aisling asked incredulously
"No" I answered still dazed at the prospect. “Pregnant?! I thought, “Oh no, anything but that! Life couldn't be so cruel. Not now!”
"Don't you want a baby?" Aisling asked, concern now showing in her face.
"Oh it's not that at all! I got sick the other night eating some meat that I should have thrown away and didn't want to waste. That's all." If it was true, and I was pregnant, I didn't want anyone to know, not even Aisling. Not until I figured out what was to be done.
"Are you sure? You look very washed out to me." I assured her I felt fine and forced myself to stay another half hour before I made an excuse to leave.
Back at the house I sat down and went over my dates. After wracking my brain, I recalled then that I had been a week late the night before the farewell dinner. So I was, indeed, about a month late. Me who was never an hour late. I knew it was true. The full import loomed too large for my mind to grasp. "A baby? I can't have a baby now! I never wanted one in the first place and especially not now!” The panic stopped me cold. As I was thinking futilely about how this couldn't happen to me, a baby I didn't want was growing by the minute inside me! How long would it be before it showed? The panic accelerated. “No! Column must never know! My life would be over! I would be chained to him, under his control, for life! His servant, at the mercy of his cruelty, and the chain is growing inside me right now! He'd have me good then. No money, no life, no self-respect! I won't let it happen! I'm too young to have my life over before it has really begun. For the first time in my life, when I have decided to take control of my life, and now this happens! The only thing, that could make me dependant, again would be to have a baby! And I won't let it happen!”
“I'm going to have an abortion! But where? It's illegal here in Catholic Ireland! And I could never be able to go to England for one, without raising suspicion. But...the North! That's right, I could get it in Derry! I'll take the bus there tomorrow morning and make arrangements.” And so thinking, the fear and panic abated and I felt relief pour over me.
Life certainly enjoys her practical jokes. I, who hated making decisions, haven taken charge of my destiny, had as my first decision, one of such enormity its consequences were not fully appreciated. And further, Column, whose great desire for a child led him to an action which would sound the death knell of its fruition.
It's strange. When we are faced with difficult decisions our focus takes on a narrow view. I could only think in terms of eliminating the problem. The wider ramifications didn't even penetrate the circle of my thoughts. At that time.
Next day, I got up early. I would have to catch the ten o'clock bus for Derry. It was over an hours ride to the village on Cara. I could leave Cara at Mom and Dad's place and catch the bus on the corner. Just as I was about to get Cara ready, Aisling pulled up to the house. I was startled, thinking immediately that something happened to Mom or Dad. She rolled down the window and shook her head, anticipating my question.
"It's OK Nothing has happened. I just came out to surprise you." She did that alright! What was I going to do? I'd have to put if off for another day.
"Were you coming in to Moms?" she asked.
"Yes, but no hurry. Come on in for a cup of tea." Sitting down with a hot cup of tea, Aisling twirled the mug absently in her hands.
"You were going somewhere, weren't you?" I became alert immediately.
"What do you mean?"
"It's about the baby, isn't it? You don't want it!" How could she know? I tried to bluff her.
"What are you talking about? I told you! I'm not pregnant!" She closed her eyes as she spoke,
"You don't have to lie to me, Treasa. I'm here to help you." She opened her eyes wide and studied me intently, willing me to confide in her. I knew I couldn't fool her. She knows me too well. Letting out a deep sigh, I whispered, "Yes. I'm pregnant." Lifting my head and chin, I said,
"I'm having an abortion. I was on my way when you showed up." She gasped, shocked! We sat there in silence for what seemed like an eternity, to me. She opened her mouth to argue with me, but I held up my hand and said in a firm hard voice, "Don't! Do you not think I haven’t thought about what I want to do?" The look of anguish on her face let me know how she felt about what I planned to do. Suddenly it was like a gulf between us. How could she possibly understand even if I did tell her the reason, not that I had any intention of doing so. She asked one question,
"Does Column know?" I shook my head. Again she looked as though she would argue and again I held my hand up to silence her. "No questions, Aisling!"
Her shoulders slumped and she hung her head for a moment before looking up,
"Treasa? You cannot do this!? Why on earth would you want to kill your child? Your child! And Columns’!” At the mere mention of his name I bristled. She noticed straight away. She said, “Whatever problems you and Column are having now, they will resolve themselves! Give it time! Don’t do this Treasa! For God’s sake, don’t do it!” But there was no use. I had made up my mind and nobody was going to change it, not even Aisling! She waited for what seemed an age, looking intently into my eyes the whole time. I never flinched from her gaze. She looked confused. She sensed the change in me but didn’t understand it. Finally, when she saw it was useless, she nodded her head slowly, “OK Treasa, if that's the way you want it. I can't stop you. I presume you are going to Derry?" It was my turn to nod. "I don't agree with what you are doing, but since you are so determined and you won't talk about it, I want to at least make sure you come out of it OK. Let me do that much. I will drive you." She paused a moment while looking at her mug, then looking up at me, earnestly asked, “If at any time you want to change your mind, or just want to talk about it, I’m here for you!” The tears welled up in my eyes. I was so grateful she didn't force herself on me. Not that it would have made any difference to my decision. She accepted my right to make my own decision. This had happened seldom in my life and it was the reason I had to change. I placed my hand over hers on the table, and squeezed it. I wanted a hug so badly but I couldn’t go weak now. If I was going to command respect, I couldn’t show any sign of weakness now, or she would think I didn't know what I was doing and end up making my decisions for me. I would lose control.
"I don't have an appointment, or anything, but I'm going to Derry because abortion is legal in the North.' She frowned, thinking for a few minutes and said slowly
"Do you remember Nancy McBride? She had an abortion when her boyfriend skipped off to England on hearing the "news". I don't know if you knew that. She asked me not to tell anyone and I never did, until now. She knew a doctor in Derry. You see, even though it is legal there, very few doctors are willing to perform them. They feel pretty much the same about abortion there, as we do here. Especially the Protestants. In fact, most pregnant girls from the North go to England, unless they know a doctor. Listen, if you give me a few days, I'll find out who to contact in Derry, then we can make an appointment." I was reluctant to wait. I was afraid. Afraid Column would somehow find out and try to stop me. Afraid of the procedure. Afraid, I wouldn't go through with it. Aisling didn't ask me any questions and I didn't volunteer any information. It was understood this was not to be discussed with anyone.
Aisling came out the following day and told me she had made an appointment for the following Monday, at 11am in the King George Hospital, in Derry.
"They asked me if it was a first trimester abortion so I said "Yes". Is that right?" Feeling foolish I asked, "What does first trimester mean?" Her face softened and she said quietly, "It means you're pregnancy has not gone beyond the third month."
"Oh" I said, feeling ignorant and childish. Here I was, about to take a momentous step and I didn't even know the basic vocabulary that expresses my condition. To me, with my love of words, that struck me as ironic. Isn't it through vocabulary, I always told myself, that we come to a more complete understanding of ourselves and our lives? If we can't articulate what we feel and the images that unreel in our heads, they remain amorphous and incompletely understood. And here I was, unaware, that I had been in my first trimester of pregnancy.
"OK, I'll pick you up at eight thirty am Monday morning. We'll need some time to get there and get to the right place. The doctor doesn't normally do abortions but he will if someone is in desperate need." With that she turned to go, "Right, I'll see you then. Remember, if you change your mind or anything, I will take care of the cancellations. All I need is a word from you.” She looked at me and held her breath. But she was met only with resolve. She acquiesced. “Right then, I’ll see you Monday.”
That weekend was the worst I’ve ever had in my life. I was so scared! I was scared of what I was going to do. I was scared of being found out. It was a long and lonely weekend. I felt my body had betrayed me yet again! Why did I have to go through this? Why did I have to make this choice between my life and a baby's life? As the time drew closer to Monday, the feeling of conflict grew almost unbearable. Up until now, I had really only focused on the need to eliminate the problem. Now that it was almost a fait accomplait, new and more harrowing thoughts haunted me.
"I'm killing a life!? Who would it be like? Me? Column? Would it be a boy or a girl?" The baby became more personal. Not a thing but a...person, like me.
"I'm married with a house, a husband that wants a child, this child, and I'm going to kill it? What will they do? Cut out a piece at a time? Can it feel? Cry? Know what is happening?" My thoughts clashed against each other, "It's your body, your life! But what if Column and I ever got back together? What if we do and we want a child? How will I live with the fact, I killed one of our babies!! Why? Because I felt insecure?"
"Yes!!! You can throw your life away and say it's worthless! You can spend it in service to others! If you don't believe you deserve dignity like any other human being then your life is worthless!"
"What about respect for the baby? What about the baby's dignity?" I tossed and turned all that night in bed. I awoke exhausted. My resolve was shaken. I didn't know if I could go through with it.
Aisling came on time and we drove in silence. Again the debate raged within me. I felt like crying, like asking for help. I wanted nothing more than to lay this decision at someone else's feet. The burden was weighing me down. My mind drifted for a moment as my eyes took in the ever changing small towns. Looking out the car window, I saw very young, worn out girls, eighteen or nineteen, with children in their arms. Some clung to their legs, crying, teary faced. The young women's faces looked dead. The fire inside me quieted. I felt it was the right thing for me. I had to be ready for children. I had to have a future for them. But right now I was still trying to cope with where I was going, I couldn't bring a child into that uncertainty. I couldn't do it to myself. This child was one of millions of possibilities, I rationalised to myself. I had a right to think of my life before that of a ...possibility? Didn't I? Looking at Aisling I knew she was ideologically opposed to what I was about to do.
"Why are you helping me, Aisling?" Glancing at me, she smiled grimly,
"It's your life, Treasa. I wish I could find the words to stop you from doing this, but I don’t have them. All I can do is make sure you come out of it in one piece, physically anyway."
"Thanks." I said, choking.
When it was all over, Aisling helped me to the car. She looked worried.
"Treasa, you are never going to be able to keep this from Column. He's going to know you are hurt. We have to make up some excuse for you not to go home."
I was in a lot of pain. The doctor had been extremely reluctant to let me leave. He said, I had lost a lot of blood and needed a transfusion. When he saw the panic his insistence generated in me, he relented but only on condition that I rest up for three days. I readily acquiesced. Anything to get out of there. Fat chance of a rest. Life goes on. At least, some lives go on...


Chapter 9 A New Love


The death of my unborn child gave life to my writing career. I often think about that. It's as though I didn't want to be alone with my conscience. Thoughts swirled in my head and refused to retreat until they found expression. It became a compulsion. Any paper I could find, I wrote on. My world had taken a new direction. Perspectives were changing subtly. Fictitious conversations echoed in my head and I found myself impulsively writing them down.
Column and I seemed to have an understanding. We were civil, but unnecessary conversation had been gutted from daily use. My initial anger and disgust with him dulled and was replaced by an increased sense of my own independence. This spilled over into all aspects of my attitude to life. I decided I was going to take driving lessons. There was no point in Column's car sitting down by the dock all day while I had to ride, rain, hail or shine, into the village on Cara. Dad offered to teach me. So Dad started me off with lessons and I planned to put the finishing touches on my expertise at the Driving classes offered in Duncaragh. I didn't bother to tell Column my plans. Only this time it was not because I feared his disapproval, but simply because it was none of his business, yet.
The long winter nights had set in again but I didn't mind, now that I was writing. There was so much comfort in seeing words come alive under my pen! However, within a month, I had accumulated a lot of scribbles on a variety of papers! A strategy was needed. A computer! That would do it. The only thing to be done, was to convince Column that he needed one. Yes, I was developing some of my Mothers devious tricks. I finally came up with a plausible ploy.
Column had been complaining for a long time about how the fishing runs were not as good as usual. This is what gave me the idea. First, when I was in town, I made a few phone calls and discovered you can log on to the Hibernian Aqui-Weather Forecast System or HAWFS website, which gives minute by minute satellite data including weather maps, and stats on currents, winds, water temperature, depth, plankton, shoal movement etc. Also long and short range forecasts based on this data. It had a 95% accuracy rate. Column had been unnerved by the gale the previous Spring, and I knew this data, for that reason alone, would grab him. With all this information at his fingertips, it would greatly boost his yields and ultimately, save lives. There were other considerations too, which I could bring to bear.
I judged the moment well. He had had a bad week both as far as number of fish caught and quality. He was sullen and quiet. I ventured, "So the fishing isn't going good?" He looked at me suspiciously, "You'll get your money, if that's what you're worried about." I ignored the taunt and continued, "I know how to change that, but it'll cost money, to begin with." He snorted, but I could tell his curiosity was piqued. He said nothing but I had his attention. I continued and laid out the benefits of the computer to him also indicating that the wall of money he had in the bedroom should be put to other use rather than its current one as a fire hazard. He looked at me in surprise!
"How do you know about that?" I didn't dignify that with a reply.
I explained that the computer could also hook up with the bank if he deposited his money there, and he would be able to keep track of his finances from home. It would also make interest for him, rather than collect dust, as it was currently doing. The interest alone would pay for the small monthly fee to HAWFS for their service.
I could tell he loved the idea. He mulled on it and I saw a light had entered his eyes. He was sold! I'm not sure if it was due to my persuasive arguments or due to his love of gadgets. True to form he did not question my interests in all of this. He was only concerned that his own would be satisfied. Since he knew nothing about computers, he quite happily left it up to me to research the best deal out there. I explained one more thing! The coup de grace! We would have to get a phone installed in order to go on the internet. He didn't blink an eyelid! The idea had taken root! His mood broke and he began to talk excitedly about the applications of all this new data. He agreed to put the "wall money" into the bank and once the computer was installed to start an online banking account. I was thrilled! Not only was I getting my computer, but a phone as well! We were the only people in Glenbeg, without a phone! And so, we went to Letterkenny for the second time in four months to buy a computer. I had one picked out already after talking to Aisling and Sarah for recommendations. I settled for an IBM PS 1. When we got home with it, I hooked it up to one of the few outlets in the kitchen. The telephone company would take a little longer, like three months. What else is new? So it ended up Column had to wait for his pay-off but mine started immediately!
One incident did occur at this time. I suppose he felt emboldened by our recent co-operative spirit, because for the first time in two months we were sharing more than silence. The night the computer was put in, I could hear him pacing up and down the living room after I went to bed. Finally he burst into my bedroom and in a forceful voice shouted,
"Treasa, this nonsense has gone on long enough. It's time you got back into my bed where you belong!" I sat up straight, I was expecting him. When he saw that I was not moving, he made a move towards me. This last action galvanised me into action, as I recalled another similar night not so long ago, vividly. Anger rose in me as I contemplated him before me. I said in a deadly cold voice, "When you place that money on the mantle-piece every Friday night, Column Mooney, it does not cover prostitution!" He stopped dead in his tracks. His face blanched and a look I'd never seen before flitted behind his eyes. He said nothing, just stood there for a brief moment, as though paralysed, stricken, by my words. It seemed like an eternity. We both froze in a time warp as though locked in a sort of battle. One I won, with words.
I wasn't proud of myself, though I refused to admit I was wrong, justifying myself, based on his past actions. But I felt confused. As far as Column was concerned I was still confused. I would never be an emotional football again. I was enjoying my new found independence too much. Column represented everything repressed in me. To reconcile would be to lose myself again. I would never do that. I skirted the whole subject of our relationship as I had no answers, yet. There was the added dimension that I blamed him, also, for the abortion. Well, at least now, I would not have to worry about his demanding conjugal rights anytime soon.
The computer was wonderful! I typed all the material I had written to date. I was so proud of myself! But it was less a vanity than a comfort to me. The visual representation of my thoughts in the neat typed format of a word processor added a new pleasure to my work. I could interject, delete, add or move text at will, with minimum effort unlike my handwritten efforts! I loved it! However I was careful to write when Column was at work.
Words and sounds took on a life of their own for me. I would listen to the nuances of vowel and consonants as they rhymed or clashed cacophonously. Some words seemed to hover, spirit-like in the air, creating their own aura. Others jingled cheerfully on the earlobes causing almost imperceptible mood changes by their perky effect. But I discovered they all had their own sensual dimension, which most people aren't even consciously aware of. Their ability to marshal our passions had long been known and exploited by rhetoricians throughout the ages. For me, they took on a new and important significance. I had discovered another sensory plane. One which could almost rival Nature, if that were possible if only by their ability to portray Nature's brilliance, by the ephemeral quality of the words, as much as their meaning. My very first play was conceived in the ashes of that fateful night when my world changed.
I had wanted to go for my driver's licence in January. Dad however, advised me to wait. The roads, he explained, are often covered with black ice in winter and that would just make it so much the harder. "It's hard enough to get a licence in Ireland, without creating your own handicap!" I couldn't argue with that logic. Ireland must be the only country in the world, where half the population drive with a provisional licence! Not because we are such bad drivers, but because the government makes a small fortune on repeat applications for the driving test. I was determined to pass on my first attempt. Some people, especially women, I noticed are scared to death of driving. If anything, my problem was overconfidence! Mom told me on the quiet, I had done wonders for Dad's bowel movements since he started teaching me how to drive. She told me he usually needs a few exlax a week to stay regular. Not anymore! The chemist was losing a fortune on him because of me!
I didn't tell Aisling about my writing. It was still too new and personal. Too much connected to recent upheavals which I didn't want to share with anyone. Anyhow, I was busy now and didn't go in as frequently as I used to. It didn't help that the weather rained continuously for most of November and December. I did make one brief visit the one day that was almost dry. Aisling, Sarah and myself made an arrangement to have a get together before Christmas inundated us with seasonal preparations. Actually, it didn't really apply to me as Column didn't like parties anyway. But Mom and Dad of course did and so I wanted to help Mom out with preparations. This was quite a job as she believed in cooking for every widow and widower within a ten mile radius!
We arranged a date and Aisling said she would pick me up and drop me off home afterwards. I no longer gave a thought to how Column would react. There was no more catering to his moods and expectations. Sometimes I wondered why he bothered with the situation the way it was and simply didn't ask me to leave? I put it down to the same reason I didn't leave. Pride.
After helping Mom out for a few hours, Aisling came by after dinner and picked me up. We went to Point Lookout for a drink. It was one of the old bars, with thatched roof and sawdust floors. Fifteen years ago, women would have been frowned on if they had darkened the doorway, but times change. I think the proprietor was happier about the new law than the customers, after all it doubled the number of potential customers! Many young couples patronised the place because it was quiet and had old charm not to mention the spectacular views of the cliffs of An Cloch Fola. Unlike the other bars, it had resisted the change to piped music and TV's. The only noise welcome was that of human conversation. We liked to go there in the winter for its warmth and its superb hot whiskies! Friels was our choice in every other season, but for a change, the Point was it!
Aisling picked me up first and we then picked Sarah up. Sarah hopped in saying, "Let me tell you, that wind would freeze the brass balls of a monkey!" Aisling corrected her, "You mean the balls of a brass monkey!" To which she was indifferently informed, "What the hell difference! If they're frozen, they're not much use are they?" Sarah didn't worry about semantics!
We settled into our usual corner. There was a good crowd of people there. Mostly older men sitting around the bar talking quietly and young couples at the tables. "Do you feel a little odd, girls? I mean look around you! It's all young ones or auld boys at the bar! There aren't too many emancipated women around here, barring ourselves of course!" Sarah remarked looking around her.
"You're only complaining because there's no talent for you to look at!" Aisling teased. Sarah quickly responded, aghast, "Get away out of that, you dirty thing! You know I wouldn't look at another man! God forgive you for saying it!" She paused and continued, "Still, it doesn't do any harm to look, does it?" Turning to us she went on,
"Did anyone hear from the girls?" I had just gotten a letter from Deirdre that morning. I filled them in on the news. She was enjoying herself by all accounts. New York sounded like a hopping mad place, especially at this time of year. She described the fairy lights on the trees along Park Avenue and outside most of the fancy restaurants. She told about the automated window displays inside Macy's department store and Sak's, where people lined up, not to get into the shop, but to look at the window displays! This year the theme is Dickensian.
The huge Christmas tree in Rockefeller centre was another big hit. There was an ice skating rink right there and after skating you can go into a local Irish pub afterwards for an Irish Coffee! She went on to describe great Ceili sessions in the multitude of Irish bars that line the streets. She told us how a new star had made its debut on the scene, in response to many exiled Irish, wishing to have a meeting place that was not a bar, but had the camaraderie of one, and was a focus of Irish culture. These were the "coffee houses" that were popping up all over the place and becoming extremely popular. They sold a variety of coffees and cappuccinos and Irish style lunches and dinners. But it was the cultural talent featured in these places that was the main attraction. They had poetry sessions, short plays, folk and traditional music and often with big name stars such as Mary Black, Sharon Shannon, members from the Abbey theatre, etc.
It all sounded very festive, and lively, idyllic. It was a window into a different life, fast-paced, sophisticated, and exciting. Somehow, reading that letter made me think how mundane and uninteresting, my own life was. I knew that was not the intention but it was the effect. It was like holding a mirror up to my own lifestyle, for comparison. Yet, I didn't crave those things, so why should it affect me in this way? Perhaps by making me feel so inconsequential, in the grand scheme of things?
Aisling and Sarah lapped every word up. "Imagine that!" exclaimed Sarah. "There seems to be more Irish over there than here and what's more they seem to be more Irish than the lot we have! Listen to all the musicians she gets to hear over there! That's more than we'd get here if we lived to be a hundred! Well, I should say more than we'd ever get in Glenbeg if I lived to be a hundred! I shouldn't cast the rest of Ireland in the same backwaters as us!" Sarah paused, disgruntled. She continued,
"Did she say anything about coming home?"
"She didn't say in the letter but her mother said she was coming. I couldn't see her staying there for Christmas no matter how exciting it is over there! There is no place like home at Christmas time." Aisling asked, "Did any of you hear how her mother is keeping? We must go out and visit her before Christmas. Do you know when the rest of the family are coming home from Dublin and London?"
I had been dropping in on Deirdre's mother every other week to see how she was doing. She seemed to be in good form. She told me that the girls were coming over on December 20th and that Deirdre was coming Christmas Eve. She was looking forward to seeing them, though she felt bad she couldn't get around better to make cakes and date fingers and puddings and all the other treats that go into making Christmas special. If it weren't for Manus Knight next door, who took her into the shop a couple of times a week, she didn't know what she'd do.
"I must drop in on her and bring her a nice Christmas cake!" Sarah said impulsively.
"A cake! You must be joking, Sarah! No offence but I still remember your experiments in the kitchen from school, and it would not inspire confidence!"
"Arrah, Cac bo!(B.S.) What do you know Aisling Gallagher! I've had a lot of time in the kitchen since I got married, no less than yourself and out of sheer boredom, I've found the oven is for more than warming your toes on a cold day!'
"Get out of here! Next you'll be telling me you get your recipes from "Ireland's Own"!
"As a matter of fact I do! Why do you read it too?"
"Oh for heaven's sake!" Aisling rolled her eyes.
"It's not so bad!" Sarah said defensively, "As long as you don't take the advice in their advice columns. I draw the line there!"
I listened to them bantering back and forth and realised, this is what our existence was reduced to. We were succumbing to what women all over Ireland had already accepted. Our life's focus was in the narrow plane of caretaker and Mom. The loftiest notions open to us were how to make our meals more vibrant and more interesting. We were challenged to take jelly and mold it in more creative ways. We were reminded to keep ourselves in shape, for our husbands. After all, one can't blame a man for looking elsewhere, if his wife has spread a few inches around her middle after having four or five kids. We were told our worth as human beings depended on how well we kept ourselves, our homes and our kids. The women’s magazines it seemed all had the same idea, keep the little women at home, fill their heads with emptiness and they'll spend, spend, and spend!
"You know what we all need?" I asked. That got their attention. They turned around, their curiosity piqued.
"A break in the Bahamas?" Sarah moaned, continuing, "Without the kids!"
"Without the husbands!" interjected Aisling, laughing mischievously
"Ah sure, it wouldn't be any fun then!" Sarah complained playfully, but then turning to me, asked,
"What do we need, apart from the aforementioned?"
"We need a focus. A hobby. An outlet. Something!' Their interest evaporated. I had promised substance and delivered an abstraction.
"Yeah well, doesn't everybody. It looks like the only "hobby" Sarah and I have is having babies. That's all you're allowed in Donegal. It's the penalty you pay for living here. Och, I don't mean the children are the penalty, the wee pets, it's just that there is nothing else for women to do here, even if we had the time! It does get boring. I think I'd go mad if it weren't for the VCR"
A pall fell over us. I wondered had my suggestion been inspired by Deirdre's letter. An attempt to inject some energy into our placid lives. The night somehow lost its glow. We all felt the mediocrity of our existence and didn't know what to do about it. We also missed the girls. Maeve had written to Sarah and said she'd be home Dec 24th as well, for a week.
"It's not very long. It'll be great to see her and hear her crack! She said in her letter that she had met a wonderful guy! Now that for Maeve, is serious! His name is Shane O'Neill! Imagine going over 3,000 miles to the south of the U.S. to meet a fella called Shane O'Neill!"
"How's she making out with that Aunt of hers?" Aisling wanted to know.
"They're getting on like a house on fire. They sound like two of a kind, by all accounts." The night passed but for the first time we felt an emptiness that we didn't fully understand. It's presence manifested by a vague dissatisfaction.
That week, I dropped in on Deirdre's Mother. She was happy to see me and full of chat. She talked about how she worried for Deirdre. How was she going to make a living here, in Glenbeg. She sighed.
"It's not easy for people in these parts. This land is beautiful but it's heartless.'
She asked about Column and the fishing and how I was adjusting to married life. I answered as blandly as possible, trying to keep my face non-committal.
When I was leaving, she walked me to the gate and said,
"You know Treasa? Life is full of surprises! We think we've found out all its mysteries only to find the truth we thought we'd found is embedded in another, deeper truth. Just like an onion. The more we peel away, the more we find is left, unknown. That's the best part! Isn't it! Life would be so boring if we had it all figured out! Especially when you get to my age!" She paused
"We have to make the most of what we've got. The biggest mystery is what's inside all of us. If only people could see that, they're lives would be so much richer! Oh, listen to me! Here I am rabbiting on and you trying to get home! Let me not hold you up anymore. In case I don't see you again, have a very Happy Christmas!" With that she squeezed my hand and gave me a peck on the cheek. I assured her I would be seeing her before Christmas, saying I'd drop in at the end of the week. I still can see her waving goodbye. It was the last time I saw her alive. She died a week later. Manus Knight found her when he dropped in to ask if she wanted him to pick up some groceries for her. In retrospect, I think that she knew she was going to die. She must have known that there was nothing that could be done for her. One thing, I know she didn't ask for help because she wanted to die. Her last utterances made that clear. In fact all that she said took on new significance. I had been surprised by her philosophical outburst as it was quite uncharacteristic of her. However, now it seemed like she was leaving a message for Deirdre and maybe, even me.
What a wonderful woman she had been! She was warm, strong and independent. Mom had always praise for her. "There are some in this village that will never forgive her."
"For what?" I asked, astonished.
"For being herself and refusing to conform. She made it known to the priest that instead of keeping the men out all night drinking and gambling, he should be reminding them of their duties. That put the wind up old Father Murray. Then there was Mrs. Sweeney! She told Mrs. Sweeney in the Post Office one day,
"People who are given the responsibility of the post in a community, should not lower themselves to indulge in idle gossip, using their privileged knowledge against their neighbours." She couldn't stand the small town hypocrisies and if it touched her life, she exposed it for what it was. But even though she "lost friends" they were no loss really and she became a figure of integrity in the village. If you wanted a straight answer you just asked Mrs. Flynn."
The rest of the family came home quickly. Deirdre arrived two days later. We didn't get to talk to her much as we knew she would want time to herself and be with the family. When she needed us, she'd let us know. She was devastated. She had been very close to her Mother and she had wanted to come back the following summer with money and a plan, to keep her in Donegal, where she intended to make a living and care for her Mother.
It was a pretty cheerless Christmas, that year. The only bright spot was the arrival of Maeve, but even that could not fill the growing sense of emptiness and depression, we were feeling in our lives or maybe it was just me?
Boxing day, we called in to see Maeve. She looked great! She was just as happy to see us as we were to see her. We crowded into her kitchen, where she put the kettle on and pulled out the Christmas treats. Then we settled in for a long cosy chat.
She said Georgia was amazing. She talked about how the weather was so brutally hot in the summer that within five minutes of stepping out of a shower, you were ready for another one! But at this time of year it was really nice. “In the summer people just don’t leave their air-conditioned space, unless it’s for another air-conditioned space!” she said laughing.The single most amazing thing she found, was how she had assumed it would not be too much different from Ireland. After all, we share the same language, forms of entertainment, lifestyle to a degree. She just assumed she would blend in easily. That was not the case, however! Just taking language alone, as an example. We all agree we speak English, but factor in accent and idioms and it's a different kettle of fish!
"Of course, to me, they were the ones with the accent, but try convincing them of that! Majority rules and if the majority say you are the one with the accent, then that becomes the truth! Another thing they just didn't get, are the Irish idioms, you know expressions that we have, like "crack" for fun, or "amadan" for idiot and on and on. Sometimes I felt like I was from another planet because they just didn’t understand me half of the time! Say for example I was telling them about something funny that had happened to me that day. Well I would tell it the way I always do, but they didn’t understand the words or references I used, and so the story would end up flat with me being the only one laughing! It’s a strange feeling."
"And what about you? Could you understand them?" Sarah asked.
"That's the funny part. I understood everything they said. Well, first of all they speak with such a drawl, that it is easy enough to follow them and the other thing is, I suppose because of all the American films we watch, we are very used to the southern accent. I had no problem following them.
The town that my Aunt lives in is a sleepy little University town. It is a little more enlightened and less given to prejudice than some of the other towns I visited. But getting back to their accents! While I could understand them they were amazing! They sounded like something straight out of "Gone with the Wind"!"
As I observed Maeve while she was talking, I thought I saw a sparkle in her eyes I had never seen before. She was more animated than her usual laconic self. The signs were there, she was in Love!
"Never mind the town, and the accents," Sarah interrupted impatiently, "what about the boyfriend." She smiled secretively and said, "Ah now, sure you'll find out all about him soon enough!"
"What do you mean?" Aisling wanted to know.
"Well, he'll be coming over next summer for a month!" There was all manner of roars, and screams that erupted from the three of us upon hearing this bit of information. She continued, obviously enjoying the situation immensely. "He's doing Archaeology and one of his favourite topics is Celtic studies. He wants to come and do a study of the Celtic ruins around Ireland and study the old manuscripts that describe this period in Irish History. He'll need a guide of course, to act as interpreter otherwise he'd be totally lost. He's just beginning to comprehend half of what I'm saying, imagine throwing him down into Co. Kerry and leaving him to fend for himself on his own? Mind you, I don't know if even I'll be any good to him down there! But I’ll sure have fun trying!"
"Och now, wait a minute, here to me! If the two of you are going gallivanting around the Irish countryside for the month, who's going to entertain us? Sure you'd be no use to us at all then!" Sarah said with genuine disgust, in her true egotistical form!
"Don't worry. We'll be spending about two weeks here first. He's very curious to meet you all!"
"Oh no! Our reputations are ruined before we even had a chance!" Aisling moaned, jokingly.
"Well, I'd have to prepare him for you lot or he'd be completely at a loss of what to make of you!"
"Do you mean to tell us he knows about us and yet we know nothing about him?" Aisling demanded.
"Ah don't take it so bad! Sure am I not telling you about him now?" Maeve replied in feigned exasperation.
"You didn't tell us what he looks like yet."
"He's different. That's the best way to describe him. He's tall, dark and handsome! What more can I say! He likes to jog so he's in great shape and he's interesting. He's got such a good sense of humour, you'd almost think he was Irish! And believe me, girls, that's like finding a diamond in a coal mine, over there! Not that Americans don't have a good sense of humour, it's just a different sense of humour. But Sean gets it. Like I was saying before, a lot of the time I'd find myself bantering away and after a few moments I would realise that whoever I was talking to, had no clue! They had no idea of what I was talking about! I'd look around and see nothing but blank faces, and find that I was the only one laughing! It’s kind of weird really. Here you think you’ve just cracked a good joke and no-one gets it! You do get some funny looks because they’re wondering what the hell you are laughing at! I never realised there were so many different types of humour, until I went there. After a while though, you get a hankering for your own kind, people you don’t have to explain yourself to.
I think Sean is going to love it here. He's dying to come over. He has always had a wish to visit Ireland but just never got around to it."
"Does he lecture over there?" I asked.
"Yes. He gives lectures in Archaeology. He's working on a project at the moment. A theory that Celts may have landed off the Carolina's about 5,000 years ago, as many artefacts of Celtic origin have been found there and also points further South on the coastline, stretching into more central states. These discoveries have long been hinted at as many Indian tribes make references to white people that came in boats and had priests. They left a mark on these cultures that echo certain ancient Druidic practices."
"Wow! Imagine! The Paddy's beat them all to it, by over 4,000 years! That would be one for the history books!" Aisling exclaimed.
"So, how come they didn't survive?" Sarah wanted to know.
"That's what he's working on now. The Celts were always successful in establishing themselves in other countries like, Brittany, England, Ireland, Scotland and Wales. Also Australia and of course eventually America. Nearly one fifth of all Americans are of Irish, Scotch or Welsh descent."
"Well, that answers our questions about how NY seems to have more Irish than we have over here!" Sarah added triumphantly.
"Arrah, according to you it's a country full of exiled Mick's and Paddy's!" Aisling poked Sarah in the ribs, well, attempted to, would be a better way of saying it!
"Oh there's a fair amount of Mary's and Biddie's too!" Maeve added, laughing.
I asked her if she would stay over there, if she got serious about Shane. She didn't hesitate.
"No. I'll never stay there. This is my country, where I want to live the rest of my life. I would never fit in over there. It's great for a holiday and they are very warm and welcoming people. The differences though, have a way of making you feel estranged, an outsider, of not belonging. Sometimes I would get so lonely, I would just long to hear an Irish voice again. When you go over there, no-one knows you, or your family or all the people that are so important to you. They know nothing of your history, your family's history, your village, your culture, your idea of fun, even. It's like you are starting your life all over again, only as an adult, from scratch. So there are two reasons I wouldn't live there. The first, I don't want to start from scratch. The second, I would have to leave everyone I love here, literally walk out of your lives. Occasional visits would never substitute for what I'd be giving up. I'd be giving up being one of you, interwoven in the fabric of your lives, and of my own family's life. No. It is too much to give up."
That Christmas was a lonely one for me. The previous year I had been so happy and proud to be Column's wife. What a difference a year makes! But it was New Year's Eve when it really hit home. All the thoughts that you sweep into the dim recesses of your mind, come out to play, unsummoned, like some dark pantomime. Everything of consequence, flashed before my eyes. The storm. Sean's death. The sweet closeness of intimacy with Column. The Ceili, followed by one true night of abandoned passion. Something I had resigned myself to believe would not happen, until it did. That dreadful night where everything changed. The Abortion. All the terrible agonizing thoughts that it entailed. The newfound pleasure of writing. And my remaining problem. I didn't know what to make of Column. In many ways he was an enigma to me. The initial iciness of the first few weeks had passed. I knew he couldn't understand why I was in a different room. It wounded his male ego that I could do without him, sexually. I couldn't understand how he didn't at the very least, apologise, for his terrible behaviour. He acted like I was the one at fault. If he couldn't figure out how cruel he had been to me, with his words and how abominable his behaviour had been, there was no point in me telling him. Besides if we made up, he'd try to dominate me again. I would never let that happen again! As long as I remained detached, he knew he had no control over me. At times I did want to talk it out, confront him, but then pride and anger would move in and stop me. And so we co-existed in a type of limbo.
He busied himself around the house, the same as usual, or spent time down on the dock making repairs on his boat, in the little spare time he had. Actually I did notice a change in him. He didn't seem to spend as much time watching TV. He had taken to reading. He would sit by the fire with his book and his stockinged feet up on the hob, while I either read or sat threading and rethreading the hook for the rug I was making.
I remember the first evening he came to sit by the fire with book in hand. He didn’t look at me though I had stopped what I was doing, to look at him. I was initially non-plussed by his behavior. What did it mean? But since there was no explanation forthcoming, I was left to conjecture. I resented his intrusion into my space! I continued what I was doing, but I was a mass of tension. I refused to move elsewhere. I would not allow him to cause me to move when this is where I wanted to be. I would not cut off my own nose to spite his face! But it was hard to remain seated so close to him!
It started to become a regular routine with him. Night after night I felt the tension. Finally, I thought it out one afternoon when he was away. It was taking a toll on my nerves. Was he doing it deliberately to goad me? I didn’t know. But I decided, I was taking responsibility for my feelings from here on in. I had allowed his presence to make me feel tense. I thought to myself, “From now on, I will only allow myself permission to feel tense! And I am going to choose to be indifferent to his presence and his behavior! I can choose to be tense or not to be tense and I am choosing not to be tense!” It was amazing! It worked. I felt myself regain control of my emotions and I’m sure my blood pressure dropped by a hundred points!
So the nights passed. The tension on my part eased. If he felt uncomfortable, it didn’t show. So a new routine was created. Soon small conversations started, usually about getting turf for the fire, or writing shopping lists. Ordinary little things that need to be done to keep a household going. A month went by this way. I found a subtle change taking place.
We didn't speak much, but there was undeniably a strange sense of companionship developing. Strange because, space was the only thing we shared together anymore. It was strange considering the volume of unspoken hurt that lay like a wedge between us.
The computer in those days, was our only real topic of conversation, outside of household necessities. He accepted that I would be the one to operate it. He was in awe of it, actually. I tried to show him basic operations but he was reluctant to learn. I think he was intimidated by it. But he loved to watch me work it. I got a software program by post, on maintenance for his boat. He couldn't believe it when a three dimensional diagram of his boat appeared on screen and rotated before his astounded eyes. His fascination grew, as I clicked on whatever feature he wanted to examine. We started with the engine. Detailed information scrolled by, as a labelled diagram of the engine rotated on the screen. I was glad that he couldn't manoeuvre freely through the computer banks as it saved me from having to lock my personal files with codes.
Slowly, over the winter months, the ice began to thaw and we began to talk small talk. But it was different from before. Our conversations before, had been one sided. I did most of the talking with him responding in terse sentences. But now, he was asking for my opinion. This had never happened before. It started with the computer. I was the one that picked the model and the accessories. It expanded into which software to buy. Then there was the revolutionary suggestion of his that he would teach me how to drive! He was taken aback when I eventually told him that Dad was already teaching me. His only response, however, was, "it's about time you learned." I was really confused. I didn't know what to make of all this. Was he just trying to break my resolve? Perhaps he thought if we got back together he would have control again? Did he really think I would go back to him, to his bedroom, without an apology? An explanation? I didn't trust him and I would never let him treat me like dirt again! No, never!
But, if I did go back, if we did make up, could I take a chance again on getting pregnant? I know I would never have another Abortion again. The doctor had given me birth control pills. Hardly appropriate for a spontaneous moment and since no other form of contraception is available in Ireland that is that. So, if we ever did get back, how was I going to explain that we couldn't have sex for 6 months until the pill started to work? He would want to know why I was on the pill! Should I start the pill now? In anticipation of a reconciliation? Oh, these thoughts were killing me. I didn't want to think about this problem now. I had avoided it for three months. It was merely the unique power of a New Year that was making me confront myself and my fears and my feelings. I finally came to a decision. I would continue as we are but I would make an effort to reconcile on one level. I was not ready for intimacy, yet. We needed to get in touch with each other without the complication of anything else, such as sex. I still felt the same as before when I had consciously thought I didn't want a baby. The reason then, as now, was because we couldn’t bring a child into the world when the two of us couldn’t even communicate with any degree of significance. The difference now was, that maybe we both were willing to try, maybe.


Chapter 10 Time for Friends


We didn't see much of Deirdre that Christmas. We all got together one day in the New Year, before Maeve went back to the States, but her heart wasn't in it. One mild day in the beginning of February, I was out for a ride on Cara, when I saw Deirdre on the beach below me. I stood there for a long time just watching her. Somehow, I knew she would be glad to see me, when she was ready to turn for home. I looked on.
Her Black Arab picked his way nimbly between the sharp granite rocks. He shook his fine-boned head, impatient with a desire to do what he was bred to do best. Deirdre held him in gently. Free at last of the rugged rocks that had surrounded them, Deirdre gave him his head. The horse flew across the yellow sand, as if on wings. The sheer energy of the beast made it seem an effortless motion of pure abandon to the elements. I could see the inhibition of the mount translate itself to the rider, as Deirdre's body relaxed, succumbing to the primal joy of being joined in such a celebration of life's exuberance. They galloped freely across the huge empty strand. Her burnt gold hair contrasting with the shiny blue-black of the horse. They made a breath taking picture of beauty in motion. The sea had receded in its daily cycle and had exposed the hard dry sand which still showed the ribbled pattern of its master. The clouds had an iron grey look to them that was reflected in the dull coloured water and the dark mountain that dominated the scene in the background. The white horses crashed around the sea stacks and the small island that stood just five miles out from the beach. The setting was made all the more primal by the lack of civilisation.
Eventually Deirdre reined in Shilak, gently. He responded readily slowing down to a prance. His actions were silky smooth, his gait changing almost instantaneously on command. She was now fully relaxed, and turned her face into the gusty wind that buffeted them sporadically as they moved forward. She was completely unaware of my intrusion. Her escape was complete. Shilak tossed his head restlessly, indicating his desire to be released once again. There was a sense of urgency about it this time. An attempt to outrun the pain and loneliness of life, itself, or so I fancied. My spirit fled forward, with them. I could feel the sea spray on my face, taste the salt on my lips, see the beach shrink before my eyes as it did before theirs, the horizon coming to meet us. It is by such submersions in the tangibles of life, that a rebirth of the spirit is possible.
They galloped weightlessly forward. I could hear the shrill call of the sea-gulls as they circled the cold grey waters to her left. I imagined the rhythmic thud of Shilak's shod hooves on the firm sand, echoing the pounding within. They raced across the sand in unison. Finally they approached the bend and were forced to slow down, each reluctant to do so. I was familiar with this point. The sand gave way to smooth water rounded rocks of speckled colours, like large delicate bird's eggs. Horse and rider would both be breathless now and need to pause. She looked back down the beach contemplating the distance travelled. The beach was at least four miles long and they had covered it in mere minutes. They moved forward as one, horse and rider synthesized. They headed for the dunes. 
The ascent was gentle here, and rose to about ten feet overlooking the beach. The hills rose and fell punctuated by rabbit burrows at every step. This was no place for carefree galloping! They walked quietly, the horse picking his way carefully through the sharp dune grass. The sun began to make its way through the scudding clouds. It appeared bleakly at first and then with growing strength, it asserted itself.
They slowly made their way back. I waited patiently. Finally, I could see she caught sight of me as she waved and pushed Shilak into a trot.
"How're ye! I'm glad I bumped into you. I feel like I must talk to someone or I'll burst. Will you come back to the house for a cup of tea?"
"Sure." I said. It was only ten o'clock. I had all day.
Shilak and Cara fell in together like old buddies and we walked companionably, in silence. Shilak's small sharply pointed ears flickered to and fro, constantly keeping tabs on his mistress as well as his pal, Cara.
It was a mile to her house. The road consisted of a multitude of curves and bends, sometimes curving to the sea and at other times bending away from it. The land rose and fell in dips and mounds with many lone massive rocks like lonely sentinels frozen in time, strewn haphazardly around. In the distance an old lookout tower was in view. A scar on the landscape to serve as a reminder of foreign occupation and subjugation.
Rounding the last corner brought us in sight of her house. It was a grand house.
"You know" Deirdre began, "It's funny how a place can embody the whole essence of home. And not just because it's where I grew up, for, had I never set eyes on it before now, I know that I would still have this special feeling for it." She turned to look at me. "Does that sound crazy? I feel there is a mystical bond between myself and this patch of land. It's kind of weird." She paused and laughing continued, "I think I was brought up on too many faery tales! You know when I was a child, I used to imagine I was one of the Tuatha De Danaan. I used to think I was magical like them and that I could trans-mutate. My favourite form to change into was that of a hawk! I would imagine I was high up in the sky, circling, circling and on looking down, saw myself, looking up." She paused again, then turning to me again she asked, "What do you think, Treasa? Flights of fancy? Imagination? Memory?" Her words sent Goosebumps up my spine. It was uncanny. She could have been my deepest unheard instinct, given a voice. Is it the attraction of Ireland, with its granite rocks, its hard unyielding coast, its infertile bogs, its barren yet beautiful mountains that echoes in our souls? Or is it a sublime quality of the Celts that give us this strange fascination with the Earth and our Past.
I remembered the last conversation I had with her mother and knew it was time to relay her final message to Deirdre.
Her family owned a two story house, not particularly novel except for its location. It is beside a bridge under which the Clogherlan River flows. The house is situated on the top of a slope. The banks drop steeply down to the rivers edge on one side. On the opposite bank of the river, there are little paths worn through the heather and into the rock, from generations of foot traffic of fishermen, who make their seasonal pilgrimage to her waters. Waters that hold the best salmon in Ireland, though a closely guarded secret. A six foot fuchsia bush graces the entry way by the gates. The low front stone wall has a neatly trimmed row of Hebe, lining its inside. A bed of orange flowering montebretias give a sunset glow to the right side of the house, when in bloom in the summer months. On the bankside of the house are cascading bushes of wild dog roses, a pastel pink single flowered and highly fragrant rose that grows wild throughout the country side. The garden however at this time, was still asleep.
In the back of the house is a small barn that has been renovated into a stable. This stands about fifty feet from the backdoor. There is a small lawn edged with flower beds which leads around the side of the house, to the slope above the river. Here is a surprise, for one would expect a steep drop to the water’s edge. Instead, however, there is a twelve foot wide terrace the length of the house. It has a western exposure. The long summer evenings capture the warmth and that special light, the gloaming that comes at that time of the day. It is very intimate and inviting. Not to mention the wonderful view one has of the river complete with the turbulent sound of the water as it races from a calm pool, downhill to form a rapid. From this height, the tumultuous waters can be viewed as they make their ragged course north to the sea, a mile away.
We walked Shilak and Cara to the field behind the stable. We removed the tack and Deirdre went off to look for dandy brushes. Throwing me one, we brushed them down for five minutes, removing the crusty salt that curled their winter coats. Finally making sure there was plenty of water for them, we went inside.
As we approached the back door, we could get the wonderful smell of baking. My mouth watered as the smell of home-made soda bread and scones made their presence known.
"Aunt Eileen is at it again!" Deirdre grinned. Since the death of her Mother, Deirdre explained, her Aunt Eileen had taken it upon herself to come over at least twice a week and mother her. She would start the range in the kitchen and then start the baking. When confronted about it she would adamantly say, "A house is not a home unless there is a fire down and the smell of baking in the air."
"She's helped more than she knows. You see, the rest have families to be close to and anyway most of my brothers and sisters as you know, live in Dublin and London. I just had Mammy, and now she's gone."
"Oh there you are. Who's that with you? Oh is it Treasa Tom Joe ata ann? Cad e ma ta tu? (Is that Treasa, daughter of Tom son of Joe Gallagher, that’s there?) It's great to see you! And it's just what this one needs. I've been telling her she needs to get out more, see her friends."
"Now Eileen, didn't I tell you not to be coming around like this, spoiling me?"
"Ach sure, I just happened to be dropping by so I thought, I'd come in and see how you were. Did you go for a ride?" Deirdre smiled and sat down at the kitchen table where her Aunt was rolling pastry for an apple tart." Deirdre said, “Yes.”
Deirdre wasn’t the only one who loved this house! I loved this house too. It had a personality all its own. A very cheerful, happy personality. I wondered could that be physically imparted to a place, by willpower or like an extra sensory reflection of well-being already present?
It has a large rectangular kitchen. Old, not at all modern. There is the big old range which doubles as a heat source and a cooker. This is situated on the driveway-side wall. The large window over the sink looked out the back yard. The back door was in the corner between the range and the sink. There were some old fashioned wooden cabinets in an L-shape starting at the sink and against the wall opposite the sink was an old fashioned oak dresser, roughhewn and stained naturally over time. Deirdre went over to the dresser and took three cups from the open shelf. She put them on the table. She went over to the range where the kettle was permanently on the boil, as it was in every house in Ireland since drinking tea is a national past-time! Using some water from the kettle, she scalded the old black tea-pot. Then she put in four teaspoons of loose tea, one for each of us and one for the pot, as every child in Ireland had been taught in both English and Gaelic, at school. A tradition as important as tea-making had to be incorporated into the curriculum! She filled the pot with boiling water and placed it at the edge of the range, to simmer and draw. If there was one thing you could depend on in this house was a good cup of tea! I remember her Mother used to always lament the insidiousness of the teabag!
"Not only is it destroying a tradition, but you can't get a decent cup of tea in any house except your own!" ‘Aunt Eileen’ was busy prattling away mostly about her grandchildren, when she stopped and looking at Deirdre and asked her what she was going to do now.
"God knows, it's hard to make a living here for a grown man, so what will a slip of a girl like you do?" Deirdre smiled a tired smile and said,
" I don't know yet. I only know that more than anything in the world, I never want to leave here again." Aunt Eileen sighed, "It's the curse of Ireland and especially this part of Ireland, the exile of our children. Who can blame them? Where are they to get jobs? And it is so lonely in these parts for young people. It's not the same today as it was in my time. We didn't want to leave. We didn't know any better. But today the kids turn on the TV and they see a whole different world out there and it all seems so exciting to them! Then they want to leave. Thank God, I have been lucky. What with Sarah living in Glenbeg and Nora and Gerard living close by. Even Nuala has finally got a job in the school for next year. When I look around at the Doherty's and the O’Neill’s and all the other families I know, I realize how hard it is on the people of these parts. There is nothing harder than to raise your children and then have them leave and live their lives someplace else. Missing out on seeing them start their own families. Missing your Grandchildren’s first steps, first words. Missing the opportunity of babysitting them and getting to know them. All the major and minor moments in your children's lives and their children, are condensed into a few pages of a letter. How hard that is for parents left behind." She paused briefly, a look of sadness on her face before shaking it off and slipping into a different mood, she winked slyly at me and said nonchalantly addressing Deirdre, "And did you see Fintan Dulap? Did you know he's taking over his Father's practice next September? But sure you must have known him in Galway University?" Deirdre did not look amused. "Ah it's not that simple! No self-respecting Science student would be seen dead with a Med student! It's all a matter of hierarchy you see! They think they are so intellectually superior to all the other students so we pay them back by forcing them to circulate with only themselves! Believe me, that's torture enough!" I buttered some scones which just melted in my mouth. Aunt Eileen persisted with her line of enquiry, brave woman!
"But you know Deirdre, he is very handsome and he has a secure job here and he's single! He'd be a great catch!" Deirdre winced and said, "Oh, Eileen, the days are gone when a girl's future depends on who she marries!" Ouch! Now it was my turn to wince.
"Maybe, in New York, a leanbh, (my child) but not here." She said gently.
"I know you mean well, Eileen, but I could never marry for those reasons. Besides, I'm too pig-headed to give up my independence, for love or money! So that's it, end of discussion." Aunt Eileen was scandalised, she said disbelievingly,
"Sure 'tis only the folly of youth talking now." However, she dropped the subject.
A short time later, Eileen left. Deirdre saw her to the gate. She came back, and patted the back of one of the padded chairs inviting me to sit by the range. Sitting down cosily, we started to talk. I told her about the emptiness that we had felt prior to Christmas which like a shadow, we couldn't shake. It just seemed to cling to us. I told her about all that had happened in the few months since she had left. Of course, I omitted anything personal or of consequence in my own life. I didn't tell her of how her letter of another, exciting world had contributed to the growing discontentment we were experiencing, with our own world. I coaxed her to tell me about New York, partly because it was fascinating and partly to draw her out of herself. She had a lot bottled up. She needed to unload. I know how that feels.
Deirdre looked into the open grate of the turf fire in the range and I could see her thoughts recede, detach from her surroundings and find her friends on the other side of the Atlantic. It was a different world. Her face became more relaxed and a faint smile touched her lips.
"I remember the night I got the news." She said with a sudden laugh. It was only a few weeks ago but already it seems like an age. New York is different in winter, to Donegal. The air is dry and crisp. The nights were beginning to get a nip in them. I came home from work and pulled on a floppy sweater over a pair of leggings. The night started off no different from any other night but I'll never forget it.
Do you remember I was telling you about Helen and Sinead? Helen's from Derry and Sinead is from Monaghan. Well Helen was coming up the two flights of stairs to the flat, and I knew something was up, cos she was roarin' and shoutin' all over the place!" She grinned as the scene played out before her inner eye.
"In fact she could be heard blaspheming from the first floor! I looked across at Sinead and laughed, "I wonder what our wee Fenian has her knickers in a knot about this time!"
"Probably nothing. As usual." Sinead said with a wry smile. Just then Helen burst through the door. Did you ever meet her?" Deirdre asked looking up at me. I shook my head, Deirdre lowered her gaze once more and continued. "So Helen came in puffing and panting, her face red from the cold, the exertion of dragging her laundry bag and from sheer bloody temper! Sinead and I looked up in anticipation and sure enough we were not to be disappointed!
"I am so bloody mad!" Helen panted, "What did I tell you about those bloody chinks! Didn't I tell you, you'd be better off doing your own bloody washing!" I have to describe Sinead to you to set the scene. Sinead is five foot ten and most of it is legs! She's very feline in her movements and like the animal, is very fond of her comfort. When she settles herself into a chair for the night, she almost purrs with contentment! She has these big long legs which she curls up under herself when she's sitting. On seeing the very agitated Helen, she unfurls one leg, stretches, extending her whole body into one big yawn, and drawled, "What's the matter with you this time, Whelan? You're always giving out about something!" Deirdre turned to me smiling and said, "You really should see these two together! They're like Mutt and Jeff! Sinead is all willowy grace and not prone to any kind of sudden movement. Helen is like a little tightly wound spring. She's constantly bouncing around doing one thing or another. They even look opposites! Helen has wavy auburn hair. You know the type that gives a copper glow to the skin? On the other hand Sinead has strong straight silky black hair. She has these unusual violet, almond shaped eyes, which are huge and wide set. Helen's eyes are a lively green. Helen is also short, about five four and a dynamo of energy. Helen responded to Sinead with
"Och, it's all very well for you to talk and you sitting on your arse stuffing your face with Hoho's or Yoyo's or whatever that stuff is! Some of us poor slobs have work to do when we get home from work!"
Yes! Helen was definitely not amused! Sinead of course, was.
"Ah what are you talking about! I don't call picking up laundry, work. I call doing laundry, work!" Helen had emptied the contents of her bag on the floor. She was on her hands and knees rummaging through the assortment of T-shirts, jeans, sweat shirts and underwear. The wee size of her was a howl to watch as she ferreted through the jumble of clothes! Every now and then she would let out an indignant snort, just to let us know she was highly pissed off!
"What's up anyway?" says I.
"Just look at my clothes!" she moaned, "They're ruined! All I wanted was a simple little job done and what do I get? This! Look at my jeans! My favourite yellow jeans! And my lovely wee T-shirts! All ruined! Those bloody chinks! Haven't I always said you couldn't trust people with slanty eyes with your drawers!" She had me in stitches laughing!
"Is that what you are going on about?" says Sinead. "You really take the cake, you know that? Only half an hour ago you were going on about what a great country this was, where you could go out and do a day's work, come home, order a pizza from the Italians, a video from the Albanians and send your washing round to the Chinese! Only minutes ago there was nothing like them, and now just because of a few wee mistakes you'd like to send them all back to Peking!" Helen held up a pair of jeans that would have been the envy of any self-respecting hippie, with its yellow, red and blue, tie dye look.
"I ask you, where would I be going in this?!" Sinead piped up, "You've been saying you need a new look. Well there you are! If you ask me they've done you a favour! Now you don't have to agonise over who the real you is, anymore!" Helen turned around and retorted, "Maybe if I was auditioning for a part in Woodstock, the lost generation! Ah, to hell with this. I need a nice cup of hot chocolate to cool me down!" 
"Did I ever tell you Helen, you're the only person I know who makes such blatantly paradoxical statements in complete ignorance. I mean some people have spent a life-time cultivating this practice which comes to you with such apparent ease, albeit, the irony is totally lost on you!" Sinead loved to get her going. She continued,
"For instance, take Wilde, the master of the paradox, "Woman is like a sphinx, without the mystery!" Helen looked askance at her and said. “All I said was I would like a cup of hot chocolate and what do I get? A bloody lecture! I mean if I’m so brilliant how come I’m not famous, rich or even have a decent wardrobe…I’d settle for that.” I was enjoying the two of them. Honestly, they’re better than a comedy!
I had been reading a book on business management in horticulture. I had started a course of night classes flirting with the idea of getting a Masters in business. I just felt I should be working at something towards my future. Sinead was doing the course too, but my goodness was it boring! I threw the book in a corner and said to Sinead, “Why do we torture ourselves like this? Trying to get ahead!” Helen turned around and said, “Correction. You and Sinead torture yourselves, not me! Life is too short to do to yourself what the divil has planned for you in the next life!” Sinead swung her long legs off the couch and went to the table where Helen had poured a cup of tea for us. “I didn’t know you were so religious, Helen. Is that a little gospel according to the Reverend Jimmy Baker or is it something you cooked up yourself?” she smirked, winking at me. Helen with a look of disgust on her face replied, “What are you talking about? I can’t stand that man! I wouldn’t be caught in the same place as him, if it was heaven or hell!” 
“She has a point, a stupid one, but a point!” says I, laughing
“What are we wasting our energy on anyway, studying at night after work? Why are we killing ourselves to join this rat-race? If this is women’s lib you can shove it.” Sinead arched her eyebrows in surprise. She has this way of expressing a multitude with a minimum of facial expression. She should be an actress! She continued with mock surprise, “I’m surprised at you, Deirdre! You know if we don’t get our Masters we’ll never get a job in Ireland.” She waited for my response. I knew she was right. “But I can’t help thinking sometimes it would just be so much easier to get a good man and not have to worry about such trivial things as security.” Sinead let out a hearty laugh and said, “But sure that’s the problem, there are no good men out there!” Helen screwed her face up in disgust (an expression that never seems too far removed from her!) and said, “The way you two are going, you’ll never get a man!” Sinead was blowing on her tea but looked up at Helen and said with as much dignity as she could muster, “The day I take advice from you on the subject of men, will be a sad day indeed!” I lifted my teaspoon out of my tea and pointing it at Sinead, said, “You must admit Sinead, that on the subject of men, Helen certainly has an advantage over us!” Sinead tossed her head and said, “I admit nothing! Just because men fall all over her, proves my point! It just shows how flawed they really are!” Turning to Helen she asked, “Tell me Helen, have you ever had a meaningful relationship with a man?” Helen looked at her incredulously and said, “Why on earth would I want to do that?” Seeing our vacant looks she decided to break it down for us! “You see that’s your problem! You think men should be like women, like friends. That’s your first mistake. You don’t need men for conversation, they’re useless at it anyway. All you need them for is …you know, excitement and I’m not just talking about sex! A woman feels differently around a man than she does around other women! It’s just the way it is! Listen, they have this primeval urge to protect and take care of us, and I have an equally strong urge, to let them! What on earth is wrong with that? You’re always worrying about their minds. To tell you the truth I think this whole thing about the mystery of the two sexes is overblown. I think if we really knew what they were thinking, we’d never bother with them again. I have never met a man I didn’t get bored with after about six months.”
“Six months! Why this magic number? Sinead asked
“Well”, says she, “It goes like this, the first month is exciting! You keep thinking he’s like this or like that, you know, fantasizing about how you’d like him to be. Then comes the second month. You’ve had a chance to think about how he behaved in the first month but you’re still not sure if that was the real him or was he putting on a show. By the third month he starts to think he owns you and his true self begins to poke its presence into your nice fantasy. From then on its downhill.”
“If you’ve got him all figured out by the third month, why bother going out with him for three more months?”
“Well, it depends on where he’s taking you. Usually the first three or four months are the best because he’s trying to impress, but you can stretch some of them to six months, if they keep it interesting and take you to nice places!” Sinead shook her head and said, “There’s got to be more to it than that. Oh I believe you can exist in a relationship where there is no more than attraction holding it together but that wouldn’t be enough for me. I could never be beholden to any guy for anything, not even a ticket to the movies!”
“Oh come on! Next you’ll be telling us that you pay to go out with them!” Helen said exasperated. Sinead answered dreamily, “Sometimes I paid for myself and Aiden.”
Aiden was Sinead’s boyfriend in Ireland, the reason she was in New York in the first place. It was very romantic really. They both love each other but are pulled in opposite directions. At least Sinead feels they are. She told him when he asked her to marry him that she would have to go away for a while before she could give him an answer. He had a good job at home. He worked as an engineer for the County Council. A good solid job for life. He told Sinead he could never leave home. Newbliss in County Monaghan is where his roots are, his identity, he told her. He has no desire to try for greener pastures. As he said wryly to Sinead the last time they met, “They don’t get much greener than this!” Then he added softly, “Go if you must but don’t give up on us yet. When you’ve travelled a bit you might see that it’s the people you are with that is important, not the novelty of different places. My place is with the people I’ve known all my life. They are important to me. This land is important to me, though God knows why! I don’t own a blessed sod of it! But I intend to, one day. I hope we both will.”
Helen asked, “Listen, did you and Aiden have this kind of relationship, you know where you are best friends as well as lovers?” Sinead answered simply, “Yes”
“Then what in blaze’s name are you doing here?” Helen demanded
“I don’t know.” Sinead answered dejectedly
“That’s what she’s here to find out.” I told Helen.
Sinead looked around the small railroad apartment, and shook her head slowly. Finally she said, “I must be crazy, I mean, I really care for Aiden, and I miss him like mad. But I know if I marry him, there will be no more surprises anymore. I don’t know if I can survive on predictability.” Helen jumped up and moved towards her clothes which were still piled high on the floor and said with passion, “Well, I could take predictability real easy, if he was tall, handsome and, came with a housekeeper!” She sat on the floor surrounded by her clothes and added, “Sure, that’s life. Predictable. We’re born, we live, and we die. The most we can hope for on the way is to have a little fun! I try to have lots of fun! If we can meet someone to share it with, that’s great, but for me it’s not a contingent to being happy”
I put in my tuppence worth, saying “I like predictability. I think variety is over-rated. People live predictable lives here too, you know. You have to learn how to enjoy the wonderful, the comfortable, predictable things in life. Sinead, it’s like you reject them because they are always there. Now tell me, it’s not nice to go home at Christmas and sit in the kitchen while your Mom makes a fuss of you and talks about all the usual things that have happened since you were there last? The same things that happened before and will happen again, like the dog chewing up your Dad’s slipper or Mrs. McGuire stopping you on the way to town to see if she can rise a scandal out of you! Tell me there is no comfort in turning the top of your hill and seeing the beautiful stitch work of fields draped over your lovely drumlin hills. I know whenever I go home to Gweedore, I feel my spirits rise the closer I get! I wait expectantly for the smell of turf in the air. I wait for the first sight of the sea, as that old express bus pulls in to Glenbeg. I can feel the wind on my face long before I ever get off that bus! The very air of home is enchanted for me! I would be happy just to live out my life in the unchanging predictability of Donegal. If I could only find a bloody job.” Sinead looked at me and said, “Sounds like we are messed up.”
Helen chirped a cheerful, “I’m not!” Sinead and I just moaned!
“The trouble with you two is you’re always rationalizing. If you keep on asking yourself what makes you happy, and why it makes you happy, before you know it you’ll have lost sight of the fact that you were happy before you started to ask questions!. Then you’ll tell yourself you should be happy, but because you had to tell yourself to be happy means you’re not happy. Happiness doesn’t respond well to the proctoscope. That’s my opinion and I’m sticking to it.”
“Profound thoughts once again…and a free biology lesson to boot! You’ve surpassed yourself this time, Helen!” Sinead grimaced
“Well, if I’d known you were such an authority on the subject, I wouldn’t have said anything, only you don’t strike me as a walking advertisement for La Joie De Vivre, either of you!” Helen sniffed. I had to laugh, for she was certainly right! We were definitely indulging in some morose nostalgia!
“You know sometimes you’re right! Sometimes I do take myself too seriously, and when I do I’m usually miserable.”
“I don’t know about you, but I’m bushwhacked. I’m ready for the laba daba.” With that Helen picked up her clothes and tossed them into a corner. “There’s another day tomorrow, and you never know, my fairy godmother might show up out of the blue and tidy up this mess for me! Now, wouldn’t that be nice?!” Shortly after that, I went to bed. I was just about to fall asleep when the phone rang. Sinead was still pottering around so she answered it. I dimly remember the sound of muffled conversation as I felt sleep begin to take over. The next minute I was awakened by Sinead opening the bedroom door and calling me gently. There was something about her tone of voice that made me sit up quickly. I had a sinking feeling as I asked, “Is it from home.” Sinead nodded. Her expression told me what to expect before I reached the phone.
I left the following evening on the earliest Aer Lingus flight available. Sitting there in my seat, I was lost to the world, oblivious to the questions being asked by the air hostess. I had originally booked a flight for Christmas Eve. I knew Mammy’s health had not been good recently but I had no idea that it was so serious. Martin met me at the airport. I asked why I hadn’t been told of the seriousness of her illness all this time. Martin was embarrassed, but said helplessly, “That’s the way she wanted it. She didn’t want her welfare to rob you of your freedom. She knew you would have come straight home if you suspected anything serious was wrong.”
The last few weeks have been hard. At first it all had an unreal quality about it. You know like you are in a bad dream or something? Images of faces floated to my consciousness but no words. People spoke but I didn’t seem to hear. I suppose it was shock. Everything seemed unreal. My body functioned perfectly but my mind was adrift, on another plane. I felt so alone. It’s hard to explain how it feels when your mother dies, especially if your father is also dead. Even though I’m an adult…I feel like an orphan. Nobody loves you like a parent, like a mother does. It’s hard to shake that empty feeling. That hollow empty feeling. It’s probably hard for you to understand, you still have your parents and you have Column. When you are single, your parents are the only people who really love you, unconditionally, for who you are. When they’re gone, it’s hard. Isn’t that all we want out of life really? To find that kind of love, that deep, warm unconditional love? Anyway.
I could not believe the paperwork involved when someone dies. It was sad for me to think that Mammy’s entire physical existence was reduced to paperwork, tedious paperwork. There is something so sad about that.
The house was left to me, you know. I tried to convince Martin, Kitty, Fionnuala and Pauline to let me take out a home equity loan and pay them an equal portion. They wouldn’t hear of it. They said that that was what Mammy had asked of them a long time ago, if they minded her leaving the house to me. I was stunned and angry when I heard of this. It was as if a grand conspiracy was being conducted behind my back. But what’s bothered me the most was that they all knew exactly what was wrong with Mammy and I didn’t. I wanted to know how come she wasn’t in hospital? Martin told me she wouldn’t hear of it. The doctor had told her it was impossible to say how long she had left, but that when the end came, it would be quick. It was cancer. She refused to have radiation treatment. She told Martin, “I want to die with dignity. I’m ready for it. I had a good life, but I’m old now. I don’t want to go through all the ordeal of chemo and radiation to win one or two sickly years. Let God decide when to call me. This is the way I want it. I’m not being selfish, I really would consider treatment if there was hope but it is already too late for that.” Martin told me she talked a lot about Daddy and me. She told Martin that she wanted me to have the house and land. She left a letter for me. I will always remember these words she wrote to me. “I want you, Deirdre, to have the house and the land. You may not know it, but it’s a part of you. You’re just like your Daddy that way. It’s almost like a religion, the love you have for the land. Isn’t it? I remember in the early days, when I thought I could change your Daddy’s mind, once it had been set! He was angry with old Fr. McGinley, at the time, because he wanted him to donate the land up by Dore, to the church. Your father got in such a temper! He said they were as well to ask for his children as to ask for his land! That’s why he would go to Mass in bunsleibhe. He was afraid Fr. McGinley would get hold of his land by some kind of Divine intervention!
He seemed to draw strength from the land, even as it bent him with labour. I think of him a lot now. I’m looking forward to meeting him again. You don’t have to worry about me. Where I’m going, I have lots of friends. Don’t be lonely for me. As long as you’re in this house, I will be with you.” Those words are a comfort to me now. Sometimes I can feel her presence, her warmth. I know that if there is a heaven, she has asked God if she can stay here with me for a while. The house, the land, do mean everything to me. I couldn’t imagine it not being my home.
I remember how after graduating from Galway I was compelled to think about the future. What would I do in Glenbeg? I had been so lucky to get that job right after graduation. While it didn’t last, it convinced me where I wanted to be. When it ended I had no choice. I had to go and the most logical destination was America. Sinead and Helen had been over and back several times and had just gone back shortly before my decision. As we always kept in touch, it seemed like the obvious thing to do was to join them. And now? Here I am in Donegal again with no prospects.
I had a great time in the States. But I was homesick. The thing with New York is that you are so busy you don’t have a moment to yourself. But the few moments I did have, were lonely ones.
Whenever I was with the crowd the crack was great! There was always something to do and I would have loved it more, if I knew I was definitely leaving it. It was the uncertainty about the future, the thought that I could end up spending a large part of my life there, in a frenzied state of existence that got to me the most. That’s why I had started the evening classes. I was determined not to let time slip away from me without having been used to bring me closer to home.
Sinead decided to take the classes too. She was in a similarly confused state, as myself. She didn’t know where she was going, career-wise either, and she wanted a focus. The difference between us was she didn’t think she could live the small Irish town life. She thought she would suffocate. But she does loves her boyfriend, Aiden, and feels torn.
We used to dream about running our own businesses. We’d get a Masters in Horticulture with business applications, and since we both have degrees in Botony, we’d be in great shape to open up a business, maybe a garden centre or grow vegetables by hydroponics, or something in that line. Can you imagine! Two women in Ireland breaking into real commercial business! Not your typical dress shop or hair salon or sweet shop, but a bona fide business run with expertise and business savvy by two of Ireland’s best! Well, that’s what dreams are for, isn’t it? We can at least dream.
Helen used to laugh at us at first, but when we started the classes, she said, “Listen, in the event you guys ever amount to anything, I want in! Oh you can both be the head-honchos, top knobs, big shots, what-ever you want to call yourselves but I’ll be the one who makes us MONEY!!”
“I can never figure out how you can have such talent in money matters and be such an eejit when it comes to men!” Sinead opined
“Did it ever cross your mind that maybe it’s not me who’s the eejit? As for there being a conflict between my amazing talent with money and outstanding success with men, I see no conflict at all! The same skills are required to handle each. A cool calculating head, and a ruthless pursuit of objectives!”
We had started a joint account with that in mind, that one day we might open up a business, but then I got the word to come home. Well, I suppose that’s the end of that. The girls have written and said they’re going to come over at Easter to visit me. Sinead is still doing her classes. I’ll have to think about what I’m going to do now.”
She stopped. She had been talking for quite a while. I felt it was like a purge for her after keeping everything bottled up inside of herself for so long. I looked at her and realised it was time to tell her about my last visit with her mother. I recounted it all and about the last remark she made to me, when I was leaving. Deirdre listened thoughtfully. When I finished, she said, “I wonder what she meant?”
I was glad I had met Deirdre and we had had this talk. I knew it did her good. I realised more than ever how alike we were. It was funny. Aisling knew exactly what I was thinking but often didn’t understand how I felt. Deirdre couldn’t read my mind like Aisling but I knew she was a kindred spirit and would understand how I felt if she did know.
I told her to give me a ring when she was ready for a get together. Now that I had the telephone, I didn’t know myself! I knew that Column was happy about it as well because at long last he was getting the much anticipated weather print-outs from the meteorological centre.
Deirdre said she’d give me a call. “I was thinking we could have the girls meet here for a change. It’s nice to sit around a warm fire sometimes. I think I missed that the most, in the States!” She helped me get Cara ready and then I left.
Sarah called me soon after that. “How’s Thursday suit you?”
“Fine.” Says I
“Did you hear the latest?”
“What?” says I
“Fintan Dulap has the hots for Deirdre!”
“What makes you think that?”
“Well, he’s always asking about her! He came in the other day and he wanted to know how long she’ll be here, or if she’s going back to N.Y., and if she’s got a boyfriend! Oh yes! He’s definitely interested! So I said to him, “Have you a notion of asking her out then?”
“Well Sarah, they’ll never accuse you of beating around the bush, will they?”
“So, you don’t want to know what he said?”
“Of course I do! Just saying, I couldn’t have asked him that question!”
“Ah, you’re just suffering from Angloshiitis! The greatest harm the English did to us was to stamp our buoyant Celtic nature with all sorts of inhibitions!”
“In that case, you’re a credit to the Irish Race! And there was me thinking you were doing it for a less noble cause! I blush to think now, I actually thought you were…being nosy! Forgive me!”
“Ah ye poor sap, you’re only a sorry scar on the consciousness of the Irish. In a few more generations we’ll have bred you out! The Irish will be back to themselves again, less like you and more like myself!”
“With friends like you who needs the English!”
“Ah now, there’s no need to get vicious about it! But anyway, I haven’t told you the half of it! Shortly after he left who came in only Deirdre herself! Before I could start on her she said, “Do you know that Fintan Dulap? Boy is he something!” I could tell I was going to like this! “What about him?” says I innocently
“He offered me a ride into town and I told him I’d rather walk. You’d think he might take a hint, but no! He said, “I’ve seen you out riding on the strand. I was wondering if I could join you sometime?” and then he says cheekily, “Maybe I could teach you a thing or two about horses!” The nerve of him!”
“What did she say to that?” I asked grinning as I pictured Deirdre with her Irish up!” Sarah continued with Deirdre’s diatribe, “Well,” says she, “He probably does think he can teach me something, the asshole! But I gave him a big smile and said, “I’m afraid I’m up way too early in the morning for the likes of you!” She was mad! His reply was even better!
“Do I detect an invitation in that remark, or am I reading too much into it?! That was the last straw! She told him she’d be happy to meet him for a ride next week
“Be sure you bring your little black doctor’s bag, I know first Aid!” she said to him as a parting quip.” Sarah beamed. “At last someone has seen fit to refill my drying pond of gossip.”
“I think I may just happen to stroll by on Cara that morning! After all, you’ll probably want an objective report of the meeting!”
“That’s my girl!”
“You’re a corrupting influence on me, Sarah, I hope you know that!”
“See you on Thursday.” She said and hung up.


Chapter 11 The Crack!


Deirdre opened the door to Sarah. “What? I’m the only one here?”
“No.” said Deirdre, “The others are already in the sitting room.” Sarah followed Deirdre into the large sitting room that overlooked the river with two large windows placed on either side of a big old-fashioned fire place. The hobs on either side attested to another function in another time. There was also a large window facing south onto the road. It was by far the airiest room in the house and by the standards of its day had been regarded as an excessive house. At least by the men. There were many women at the time though, who thought wistfully of the pure pleasure of sitting in its bright, cheerful openness, when the long dark evenings of winter came to close them in, in their own small windowed domains.
Sitting, or rather, sprawled comfortably on the sofa were Aisling and myself, enjoying a glass of wine and the warm glow of the turf fire. “Well, it doesn’t take you long to get into action! Just look at the two of you! You’d think you were planted here, you look that much at home!” Sarah said grinning at us. There was the usual commotion as everyone started talking at once, with greetings and questions and quips, all at the same time. There was the usual query about husbands and children and when all the formalities were over we settled into a comfortable easiness.
Aisling said, “This is a great idea of yours Deirdre to meet like this. It’s so much cosier than meeting in the pub! You’re freer to talk, without having to worry about what nosy boots is keeping their ears to the wall. Most gossip around here was learned in a pub directly or indirectly.”
“And you know what else is nice about it? There isn’t a whinging kid in sight! No, nor dirty dishes, or messed up rooms where a tipsy trip to the toilet could be the death of you if you happen to step on a roller-skate or some other bloody thing!” Sarah said with mock disgust. “It’s agreed then, Deirdre, you have been officially nominated as our residence of choice for hooleys, wild bends and general degenerate behaviour! You are free at this point to make your pleasure known or forever hold your peace!” Aisling looked solemnly at Deirdre, waiting for her answer. I giggled, saying, ‘I’d watch out if I were you ‘cos it sounds like you might have us until ‘death do us part!’ Deirdre placed her glass on the table and put her right hand in the air, and just as solemn as Aisling had been, she replied, “I accept this arduous task willingly and pledge to uphold this trust placed in me, to execute vigorously, the duties placed upon me.” She paused and said with a broad smile, “Who’s ready to drink to that! I knew I’d find a good reason to break open that bottle of champagne that has been in the house from heavens knows what occasion! It’ll be like a new beginning for me.” With that she went into the kitchen where she took a bottle of good French champagne out of the fridge. We showed our appreciation, with a few wild shouts! “It’s not every day we get to drink this stuff. You better watch out, Deirdre, you’re going to raise our expectations and pretty soon you know, our husbands won’t be able to afford us!” Sarah joked. Deirdre popped the cork and poured some wine into everyone’s glass. We all raised our glasses and looked at Deirdre expectantly. A shadow fell over her features for a moment before she continued, “I don’t want to get sentimental…but I would like to say this. I didn’t plan to come home this early or under these circumstances. But, I am so lucky, to have such good friends. That means a lot. It’s time for me to get on with my life and decide how I can hold onto this place and make a living. You all have been great to me. I couldn’t ask for better friends. So, here’s to great friends! Slainte!” We all lifted our glasses and drank to the toast. There was silence for a moment and then Sarah, unable to curtail herself anymore began the night.
“Well, the first order of the day is to get Deirdre a good man!” She said matter-of-factly as if all were in agreement. “Oh, for heaven’s sake, we’ve been through this before! How many times do I have to tell you the furthest thing from my mind right now, is a man!”
“It may be the furthest thing from your mind but let me tell you it’s not the furthest thing from their minds.” Sarah opined. Thus launched a discussion judging the merits of all the single men in the area between the ages of eighteen and fifty. Aisling proffered Malachy Duignan, but Sarah wrinkled her nose and said, “We’re being comprehensive but let’s not get ridiculous!”
“What do you mean? I think he’s quite cute.” Aisling said defensively
“Of course you do, he’s one of your ex’s which is why he’s no good for anyone else. What did you do to him anyway?” Malachy had a terrible crush on Aisling at one time but when he saw that he had no chance he gave up the chase and ever since has been chasing schoolgirls. Sarah roared laughing, delighted with herself for catching Aisling unprepared! Aisling pulled a face and said, “Well, what about Finbar? After a tour with you he had to leave the country!” Deirdre and myself hooted at this, and Deirdre piped up, “Usually it’s the girl that has to leave the country in disgrace but true to form when you girls are involved, the rules are changed! More power to you!” Finbar was a wealthy Scotsman that moved here when we were in our last year at school. He had taken a big shine to Sarah. She went out with him for a while but he was much too dour for her. When she broke off with him, he disappeared. His house went up for rent. Nobody knew where he went. He did eventually return after five years but kept himself to himself. Nobody knew where he had gone or why. Even Sarah didn’t know if it was because of her or some other reason. He was a mystery.
Sarah had a pout on her face but it was just for effect. Sarah pulled on my skirt saying, “Come on, help us out here! You must have an idea.” I thought for a moment and said, “What about the doctor’s son?”
“I can’t believe I forgot all about him!” Sarah said amazed at her own lapse, “Girls, I think I’m losing it. He should have been the first name off my tongue!” Then turning to Deirdre she said, “Come on now! Deirdre! I couldn’t corner you before but I’ve got you now! You can’t tell me you don’t find him attractive!” Deirdre looking exasperated said, “Listen! Yes, he is attractive but he just doesn’t do anything for me.” She said emphatically. Sarah looked unconvinced and said, “What about your little interlude earlier in the week?”
“First of all, it was not an interlude! And if I hear any rumours to that effect I’ll know who to come looking for! When will you get it through your thick skull, I don’t need a man for excitement in my life!” Sarah feigned shock. “A Dhia, Deirdre, I didn’t know you were like that!” she smirked playfully. “Oh, you know very well what I mean! Everyone in this village seems to think that the sun rises and sets on some man!”
“In this village it usually does.” Sarah said with a laugh.”
“Well give us an idea here. A clue would help.” Aisling pleaded. Deirdre snorted indignantly, “I will not! Give you girls an inch and you’d take my hide!” Aisling was watching her closely and suddenly snapped her fingers. “I know, what about Liam Mor? Now there’s a fine looking fella!” We all agreed on that but Sarah said, “But everyone knows he’s a 36 cup D man! No offense Deirdre but you wouldn’t be the kind of “bosom buddy” he’d be after! If you know what I mean!! They say he can spot them at a hundred yards hidden under two sweaters and a winter’s coat!” Deirdre asked, “Now where in the hell did you get that kind of information from?!” Sarah smiled knowingly and tapping her nose smugly, answered, “You wouldn’t believe half the things I hear from the people that come into the shop! And kids are the best for information too. It’s amazing how much information you can get for a box of smarties!”
“You’re not serious?” We chorused, flabbergasted
“But sure where the hell would kids hear this kind of stuff from?” Deirdre wanted to know
“Ah now, you’d be surprised.” Sarah answered cryptically
“Remind me Treasa, never to let any of mine into Sarah’s shop unsupervised, if I’m to have any privacy at all!” Aisling said in mock horror. Sarah replied, “What will out, will out, especially with kids.”
“That’s it! Said Aisling, “I’ve been keeping Ann in our bedroom in her crib, until Noel finishes renovating the nursery for her. But at the rate he’s going, she’ll be in secondary school by the time he finishes. Now, after listening to you, I’ve decided! She moves and soon! I don’t want to hear a playback of our bedroom antics drifting back to me a few years from now, from you, Sarah!”
“Antics did you say?” said Sarah with a grin as she reached for her handbag. “Hold on a minute ‘til I make a note for myself!”
“Don’t you dare!” Aisling squealed as she leaped across the sofa to tackle her
“Just kidding! Save us and Bless us but you’re jumpy!” Sarah giggled. After a sense of decorum had returned to the group, Aisling continued her assessment of Deirdre, who was sitting on an armchair with both legs tucked in under her. “You have many assets Deirdre, but a big bust is not one of them!”
“Of course…you know, you could pad yourself, at least until Liam discovers your other charms.” I added coyly, “But by then he might have found out more than your charms and then the game would be up!” More laughing followed amid some mock simulations of amorous groping which was chastely but vigorously rebuffed. We stopped for a moment letting the tears run down our faces. Sarah sighed, “When you think about it, didn’t the nuns do a good job on us?” We gave a variety of snorts and grimaces as we recalled the cloistered approach to the opposite sex! “You know I really think they expected us to ignore men for the rest of our lives! Aisling said
“Fat chance of that! There’s not too much else to think about in these parts! Sarah laughed. I smiled and said, “I remember so clearly, little sister Aloysius saying to us, “Now girls, listen well to what I have to say. There are many who wished now, they had listened to me better than they did. If you go to a dance, and you must dance with a boy, Never let your eyes stray below the third button of his jacket.” Then she would turn and look each of us straight in the eye, like this,” I paused sticking my neck out and mimicked the “look” as I had so often done before, and then continued. “And, if you must get a ride home in a crowded car, Never sit on a boy’s knee. If you must sit on a boy’s knee, make sure there is at least a newspaper between you!” I acted out the scene we were all so familiar with. The girls were rolling around holding their sides, laughing until it hurt! I stopped for a moment until they collected themselves before continuing. I was on a roll! “And, whatever you do, Never go out for a walk with a boy.” And taking a deep breath I continued solemnly, “Because,” I said, eying each one of them, “when you go out with a boy, you come back with a Baby! Aisling was in convulsions on the couch with Sarah. Deirdre was doubled up and laughing so hard the tears were rolling down her face. Deirdre finally panted, “Stop, stop, you’re killing me! I need a rest! I’m in pain from laughing so hard!”
“God Bless those nuns! You know they must have saved a lot of women from the boat to England by scaring the Shiite out of them!” Sarah finally managed to gasp out. Despite the parody, we were all very fond of the nuns, most of them anyway and especially Sr. Aloysius. She tried in her way to protect her girls. She cared very much for us, and we loved her.
We were totally relaxed, a mixture of the effects of good wine and the warmth of friendship that shares so many good memories. Aisling sighed. “Those were the good old days!” Sarah looked askance at her and said, “What, are you nuts? Don’t you remember how we used to long to grow up and be our own masters?”
“Well,” said Aisling, “you hit the nail on the head there, didn’t you. Look at us! Would you call us our own masters? We just gave up old masters for new ones.” Sarah thought about that and sighed, giving a slight nod of her head.
“Maybe it’s different for you, Deirdre. In fact, I know it is, but the truth of the matter is, married life is not all it’s cracked up to be. Oh, I’m not talking about Noel, he’s great! It’s just the whole shebang!” Deirdre looked concerned and asked
“I always thought you were happy with your life!” Aisling groped for the right words to express herself. “I am happy with my marriage and I love my kids. It’s not that. It’s just life itself, is so limited, especially if you’re a woman. Look. You get married, that’s the easy part. Then everyone keeps asking when are the paiste (kids) coming. Before you know it, one is on the way. We’re still in heaven and very excited! Then you have the baby! Now you feel tired all the time, you’re emotional, insecure, and scared! This tiny helpless adorable child depends completely on you and you are not sure how to look after it. Everything changes. Your relationship with your husband changes. It’s no longer just the two of us. The baby takes over your life. It’s all you talk about because it takes up all of your time and energy. There is little time or energy left for romance when you are struggling to get sleep in between feedings and changings and all the other demands of raising a child. Where once the word bed meant fun, now it just means rest. Sex is a thing of the past. You don’t want it because you have no energy left over. It’s just another chore. Yes, having children does change your life dramatically. It takes a lot of adjusting to. Nothing can really prepare you for the transition from being an autonomous person to being the guardian and caretaker of a tiny helpless being.The real shocker is having this completely dependent, vulnerable, cute creature become the centre of your every thought, word and actions. Nobody ever told me that when you have a baby, your life as a free, independent woman ends. It can be hard. If only there was an outlet, a break from the routine to recharge the batteries, something to look forward to, it would make it easier. Sometimes I feel so used up that I want to walk away and never come back. I look to my mother and other mothers and I think, “These are the saints of our times. Perhaps more so because they are so taken for granted.”
There was silence for a minute as everyone took in what had just been said. Deirdre was staring at Aisling. She finally said, “You obviously feel very strongly about this, how come you never said anything about it before?”
“Oh I have. I just normally don’t dump it on single people. Sarah and I have discussed this many times. Even Treasa, who doesn’t have any kids knows what we mean. Hardly a day goes by that someone doesn’t ask her when she’s going to settle and have some children. You’d think it was a social responsibility!” Sarah had been sitting pensively listening to Aisling, she continued where Aisling left off. “It’s not that our men don’t work hard, they do, but at least they are out of the house and meeting other people. When you have children, you really are like a prisoner of their world. Their arms are the bars that hold you twenty four hours a day. At least I can talk about these feelings with Treasa and Aisling and they don’t look at me as though I’m the most unnatural thing in the world!” Ailing continued, “I don’t know if other women feel like us and are too ashamed to admit it, or that traditional motherhood is their ideal. But what can I do? I’m trapped by my own limitations and an environment devoid of stimulation and resources.” Deirdre was stunned by what she had just heard. She asked, “I still don’t know how come you never told me this before?” Sarah answered, “It was OK to gripe among ourselves but it seemed to be disloyal and selfish to say it to you or Maeve. Besides we have mentioned it to other women and their reaction has been one of horror that we could feel like this. And it’s not that we don’t love our children. We do! They are truly miracles and give so much joy. But in the process of caring we feel like we are getting lost as individuals. It’s like we jumped into boring middle age while still in our mid-twenties! Have we nothing more to look forward to?”
The earlier merriment evaporated as hard reality, ever present in our lives, intruded into our conversation. Deirdre had been following the revelations with great interest and concern. “Have you regretted getting married, or marrying young or is it that now you wish you had seen more of the world before settling down?” Aisling squinted her eyes in concentration for a moment and at length replied, “I don’t think I would have changed anything about my life if I was to live it over. I never felt the lure of foreign places though I love to hear the crack that you and Maeve bring back. No…I love it here and I don’t think I married too young because I love Noel. We were meant for one another. He’s still the one after seven years of marriage and I know that will never change.” A few jibes were thrown in about watching out for the seven year itch. Aisling countered innocently, “I’ve heard a lot about this seven year itch but I suppose if I haven’t had it by now I never will!” Sarah threw a cushion at her saying, “We weren’t talking about you!”
“Oh? And why not?” demanded Aisling. “Why is it fella’s are supposed to get the itch for greener pastures but the women never raise their expectations above their lot?” I couldn’t restrain myself from flashing, “Who said women don’t raise their expectations?” There was a surprised pause for a moment. Then Deirdre asked, “If you love your lives, then what is it you want?” Sarah, Aisling and myself were caught off balance. “Nobody has ever asked us that! I’m not sure I even know!” Aisling mused
“I know.” I volunteered. “I want to be a writer!” There was a stunned silence which lasted for about a nanosecond before a chorus of voices burst forth with excited questions!
“What?”
“You’ve never said a word about this before!”
“Have you written anything yet?”
“When do you find time to write?”
“What do you write about?” I put up my hands in front of my face, in mock alarm and cried, “I lied, I lied, spare me!” Aisling said
“Not so fast! You’re not getting off that light, madam. You spill the beans now or there’ll be hell to pay!”
“Alright, alright, take it easy!” I said, feeling breathless by their reaction. “I have always wanted to write! I always loved literature, the rich and beautiful tapestry of words that spill from the pens of Irish writers in particular, both contemporary and ancient.” I looked at them as they contemplated me, nonplussed. I briefly saw myself through their eyes. I knew I did not fit the mold of an artist. I mean look at me. I am physically more suited to wresting a living out of the bleak landscape of Glenbeg, than to stringing pearls of prose together, on paper. I could see that they were having a hard time digesting this. There was this silence. I suppose I seemed like the ultimate mismatch of nature, a freak mutation that could link so disparate conditions. The nature of a poet imprisoned in the strong, lusty body of a peasant. How could anything beautiful issue from such a common ruddy face. If you were being kind you might describe me as even featured and coarse rather than soft and feminine. The contrast between me and Aisling was striking. In fact it was a source of embarrassment for both of us, now more than at any time previously. Whenever we are first introduced to strangers as sisters, there are the inevitable remarks, “Oh you are sooo unalike!” Even those who have the tact to make no comments, cannot hide their furtive glances, when they think they are being unobserved. The truth is, I always observe and I never miss a thing. Aisling is tall and slim where I am just …large, and big boned. Aisling has long dark, curly hair and huge grey eyes, widely separated in a perfectly oval face. She looks like the incarnation of the mythic figure Caitlin Ni Houlihan whose face is found on every Irish Punt note. The embodiment of the beauty, mystery and pathos of our little Ireland. It was strange how all this flashed through my mind at this moment. Maybe it was because of their surprise, that this news was coming from me. If it had been Aisling who spoke, it would have seemed more fitting.
Aisling was staring at me with an odd mixture of pride and hurt. “How could you not tell me?” she asked, the feeling of betrayal evident in her voice
“I couldn’t tell you, especially since I dedicated the work to you and I wanted it…to be worthy of you.” Aisling gave me a big hug and asked, “When are we going to get to see or hear some of this?” The other girls joined in enthusiastically. The uneasiness of a few moments before was forgotten and replaced by alarm!
“Just because I have something on paper doesn’t mean it is any good!”
“We’ll be the judges of that!” Now I was beginning to panic!
“Listen girls, you’re making a celebrity out of me already. It’s a little early, don’t you think?”
“Whether you wrote a literary masterpiece or not is besides the point, the point is you tried and for that, I admire you.” Aisling said in a quiet voice.” I looked gratefully at her. Deirdre waved her hands to get everyone’s attention and when she did, she said, “Here’s what we’ll do. Next week we’ll have a reading of whatever Treasa sees fit to bring to us. We’ll make a real evening of it! We’ll start early, if that suits everyone, and I’ll throw a little grub together. One of you can bring the dessert and we’ll have a couple of bottles of chianti afterwards to celebrate! What do you think?” she asked looking at each of us. There was an enthusiastic response and so it was settled. Aisling and Sarah both rose as it was twelve o’clock already, and took their leave. Aisling asked if I wanted a ride home but Deirdre said she’d drop me off. “We’ll be talking to you, Deirdre! Thanks for a great night!”
“Don’t mention it.” Deirdre said. “We’ll do it again next week.” Sarah picked up the empty glasses and brought them back into the kitchen where she put them in the sink. She came back into the sitting room and asked Deirdre if she needed any help tidying up but Deirdre chased her out the door! Deirdre and I stood at the door and waved goodnight to them as they climbed into the car and drove away. We stood for a while after they had left enjoying the unusually mild air, and the star-studded sky.
Deirdre pointed out the plough and Orion the warrior, to me. She told me she always associated him with Fionn Mac Cumhaill, her favourite mythological figure. She imagined it was He, up there, bow in hand, eternally searching the vastness of space for Ogres, multi-headed Giants and Warlords. We could just make out the silhouette of Ardrigh, as it loomed in the distance directly in front of us. “I love that mountain! It has a symmetry to match the best of them.” She mused. “Mt. Fuji and Mt. St. Helen’s are famous for the perfection of their slopes and here we have Ardrigh, just as perfect, if not famous. Thank God, I want it all to myself!”
She let out a contented sigh and we went back into the house, closing the door on the silent night. I helped her tidy up. We washed up quickly and went back into the sitting room where she put on one of our favourite tapes. “Are you in a hurry?” she asked
“I can stay a half hour.” I said. She put out the lights and we sat in front of the fireplace and watched the ever changing flickering’s of the flames as they licked their way around the turf sods. The haunting melodies of Clannad, filled the room which added an otherworldliness to the shadows that danced waif-like against the solid walls of the room. We enjoyed an easy silence which can be as pleasurable as conversation, sometimes more so.
While we sat there listening to the music, I felt the same thoughts were going through her head as were going through mine. The music was made for this mood of reflection. I felt the music more than heard it. It formed a series of images in my mind. Images intricately woven and synonymous with Glenbeg. There was sorrow and pain as well as pride and above all, love, in that music. It spoke through its haunting tones, of the millennial heartache that is Ireland and particularly, life along her unyielding western coast. It captured the harsh beauty that demands so much and often gives back so little. The subtle Caoining (keening) that evokes the tragedy of decades of the Black Death from famine to the current heartbreak of emigration. But there was much more than that. The songs themselves went back before history to more ancient days. They can be heard a million times in the whistling wind, sweeping down from the mountainside and changing pitch as it skims across the lake at Glenveagh. Or upon walking across the starched heather that borders the banks of the river, in the myriad whispers of the swirling amber water slipping serpent-like around the cold granite rock. Our world is immersed in these sounds of wind and water, the primordial elements. They can be heard to lament and sigh, or roar with the urgency of their veiled secret.
When the tape clicked off we both reluctantly rose and Deirdre drove me home.


Chapter 12-The Reading


There was a great air of expectation, like the build-up for Christmas. I felt alternately exhilarated and uneasy. What if they didn’t like my work? Then I would say to myself, sure what matter? I like to write for my own pleasure anyway. But if I’m not writing for an audience, why am I writing? I just answered that! Because I find pleasure in it! And so I argued with myself in order to keep my courage up.
Sarah was on the phone to me Sunday night to tell me not to forget to take a spontaneous walk out the strand road at eight o’clock Monday morning! She’s a divil for the gossip, that one! She’s completely unabashed about it too! Whereas I would love to ask the same questions but “good manners” prevents me. And if you think about it, where did this habit come from? Directly from the English! The Normans came to Ireland and were assimilated, becoming more Irish than the Irish themselves (if that’s possible!), not so the English! The irony is, that in certain respects the Irish became more English than the English! It’s hilarious to think that we wild Celts living on the fringes of Continental Europe, should reflect the reserve and propriety that the English long subscribed to. Well, some of us do but not our Sarah!
Column was finding the charts a help. Not a big help, yet. However he was expecting useful information soon, on spring shoal movements. I am very confused about Column. Since that night, I had stopped any effort at conversation. I only felt coldness and anger towards him. But night after night in the same room with someone makes it very difficult to maintain that level of stiffness unless it is being fed by bad behaviour. There was no more bad behaviour on his part. At first, he would sit down after his dinner (I no longer ate with him) and watched TV as usual, in silence. The silence was very loud in those early days. I would sit by the fire, the only warm spot in the house, and read a book or work on my hook rug. I started to notice him getting restless in his armchair. He didn’t seem content or as interested in the daily fare on TV as he used to be. He started a habit of getting up and walking around. Pulling back the curtain to look outside even though it was pitch black and you could see nothing. I didn’t pretend to notice his agitation but I was on high alert. If he thought he was going to make another move on me, I was ready for him! But he didn’t. Then one evening after watching the news he turned the TV off! Now there was a surprise. And what do you know?! He flopped down opposite me with a book in his hand! “Maritime stories of Northwest Donegal”! Well blow me over with a feather! Not that I was at all happy about it! But that was a while ago now. Now every night after the 6:30pm news he sits down and reads. At first it made me very uncomfortable and rigid but like I said it is hard to maintain that posture for hours at a time every night. I started to let go slowly of the battle mentality and just carry on doing whatever it was that I was doing. It became routine. A new routine. I could feel there was a slow but gradual change occurring between us.
Then the talking began, small talk at first. The “little” turned into more, and before long the frozen wall between us had developed cracks as a window of conversation threatened to demolish it entirely. We were talking like we had never talked before. In many ways it was as if we were just getting to know each other. Once we got the computer, initially I only wrote when he was at work but eventually I didn’t keep that secret from him anymore. He never asked me what I was writing about. I never offered to tell him. We still had a way to go. The evenings of an Irish winter are long and dark, one of the reasons I think the Irish drink so much tea! The making of which requires a break from sitting and an opportunity for conversation. We started having tea breaks. I don’t know how it got started, but before long, it became a welcome break in the evenings. We would stop whatever we were doing to share a cup of tea, you know, what normal married people do, but this was anything but normal for him! At least before. I was amazed at how much I looked forward to these interruptions in the course of the evening. He would talk to me like he used to, on his days off, when we would go for walks or a drive. He’d ask me about the crack with the girls and I would tell him some things. He enjoyed that. I didn’t tell him about the proposed reading for the next meeting though. Too soon for that level of trust.
I went out early that Monday morning like I promised Sarah! The day Deirdre and Fintan were to have the race. I saw the two of them walking down the granite path to the beach. Fintan was on a leggy thoroughbred. He gave the impression of almost swaggering in the saddle, if that were possible! I could just imagine the hackles rising on Deirdre! There’s nothing worse than a conceited man! Except perhaps, a conceited woman! I watched them closely. When they had descended to the strand, they talked for a little while and then I saw them line up. Both horses were side stepping agitatedly anticipating the command to run. Then they were off! Fintan’s long legged chestnut was a worthy match for Shilak. However Shilak had gained the initial advantage by streaking across the sand on the call. Seconds later the tall chestnut was making up for lost ground, but not with ease. He had to fight for every foot of gained ground. They streaked across the sand!
About a mile along Shilak lurched suddenly to the side as though avoiding a tidal hollow, tossing Deirdre off balance. How she stayed on at that speed is a credit to her horsemanship however I could see she could still fall yet. I could see that she had lost her stirrups, a bad omen. Her arms flailed as she appeared to try to regain her balance in the saddle. Shilak appeared spooked by her movements and raced forward as I have never seen him run before! He was heading for the dunes about a mile away. If she didn’t regain control of him before that, they could have a serious accident! For at the foot of the dunes is a swath of small rocks at least fifty feet wide! My heart was in my mouth as I watched helplessly. I watched tensely holding my breath and praying to God for help.
Fintan appeared taken by surprise at the turn of events but when he saw what was happening he immediately spurred his horse to try and catch up to Deirdre on Shilak. It seemed like an infinity to me, watching from the side-lines, hoping against hope. Then something strange happened! Just when it seemed that Deirdre was going to rush upon the treacherous rocks she miraculously regained her balance! A little too quickly and easily, I thought. Still without stirrups, she changed directions and headed for the end of the beach which was a few hundred yards away, where she abruptly stopped and wheeling Shilak in a half circle turned to meet Fintan!
I should have known better than to be fooled by that little show! Indeed she fooled both of us that was clear!
Fintan had slowed down when he saw her head away from the rocks. It was clear he was confused. Just minutes earlier he had feared for her life and had set his own horse to a mad gallop to try and cut her off before she reached the rocks and now, here she was totally collected and finishing the race as though nothing extraordinary had happened! He slowed his horse to a canter and rode up to where she appeared totally at ease at the end of the beach. I could only guess at the exchange that took place! I’m sure he did not appreciate her little joke but, one thing, it would put him in his place as far as trying to “teach” her a trick or two!
I left quickly not wanting to be seen. I knew Deirdre would have enjoyed that I had witnessed the whole thing, but I didn’t have the heart to let Fintan know I had. I couldn’t wait for the full details from Deirdre herself! Boy was Sarah going to love this one!
We arrived at Deirdre’s at six thirty. Deirdre had made a lovely Italian dish she had learned in New York. Lasagna! Very different but very tasty! Glenbeg has never been the same since! But more about that at another time. I brought an apple tart and fresh whipped cream. Aisling and Sarah brought wine and beer. We were set for another good night!
Sarah started first, when we were all sitting down comfortably at the dinner table with a glass of wine in front of us. “All right Deirdre! I’ve been waiting for a whole week to hear your side of the story! Treasa has told me as much as she can, but you’re the one with the exclusive! So, come on! Out with it! You’ve been promising me all week, you’d tell me tonight, well tonight is here!”
“Did anyone ever tell you, you are like a dog with a bone! You just don’t give up! O.K.! Here’s what happened. Actually you have most of it from Treasa, the dirty little traitor spying on me! Never mind, I forgive you Treasa! Actually I’m glad someone saw, in case he tries to deny or change the story, which he’s entirely capable of doing.”
“You sure don’t have a very high opinion of this fella, do you?”
“No, and neither would you if you were subjected to listening to his baloney! O.K. So this is what happened. He showed up on this horse that I recognised from Flood’s racing stable. Now you know they’re in Letterkenny! So he had to trailer this horse thirty miles just to teach me a lesson?! I says to him
“Nice horse.” Says he
“He’s O.K.”
No word of where he came from. He was quite prepared to let me think it was just a local horse when the bloodlines were popping out of him, for anyone to see! Now, up until that point I had nothing planned except to run the race. But when I saw the lengths he was prepared to go to, to make sure he beat me, and the under handed way he was doing it, I kinda saw red! I decided right there and then I was going to make sure he had egg all over his face! It was time Mr. High and Mighty was taught a lesson and me and Shilak were going to do it! Shilak was marvellous! He responded perfectly, to all my signals and we fooled Dulap big time!
Before we started, bigboots Fintan wanted to know if I felt “up” to racing to the end of the beach if not we could go for a “safe” canter. He added that he had brought his black bag in case of an emergency! You know, if the little woman hurts herself! The implication being of course that I would need it! Pompous ass! That decided it for me! I said, “Ready when you are!” So when he called, I took off like a shot. I knew exactly how I would “lose control”. Shilak was beautiful! When I asked for more speed he gave it his all! I could see out of the corner of my eye that Fintan had pulled up short when he saw me lurching on Shilak but obviously I couldn’t see what was going on after that until the game was over! When I reined in Shilak and turned to meet him, I just smiled sweetly. I said nothing. I wanted to hear his reaction. Would it be relief that I didn’t hurt myself? Or anger I had played a trick on him. Or would he be amused I had fooled him, I somehow doubted that would be the case! Well, I can tell you his reaction was unequivocally, one of anger! He was hopping mad!
“What the hell was that all about? You scared the living daylights out of me! I have never seen such an exhibition of childish behaviour in all my life!”
“Oh, I love it, I love it! What did you say to that Deirdre?” Sarah, God love her, was in seventh heaven!
“Well, I didn’t lose my composure, I just said, “almost as childish as a grown man renting a racehorse to outclass a strip of a girl in a casual competition. (Auntie Eileen loves to call me that!)”
“Come on, come on. Then what did he say!” Deirdre wasn’t talking fast enough for poor Sarah who was hanging on every word!”
“At least he didn’t try to deny it. Actually he started laughing! We both ended up laughing. I suppose he’s not as big a jackass as I had given him credit for being. He said I definitely taught him a lesson and not vice versa. Then he asked if we could start on a new footing. As friends Sarah! Are you listening to me? We shook on it. Don’t be getting any silly ideas into your head, that I could possibly like him romantically. It’s a big enough stretch to be amicable with him, but I’ll allow that.”
“You know, just because you don’t think it’s possible that this is the beginning of a huge romance, doesn’t mean he agrees!”
“Good grief! There’s no satisfying you at all! You’re a glutton for intrigue!”
The conversation drifted to other topics and pretty soon the dinner was over and we were back in the sitting room
“Right Treasa, this is the moment we have been waiting for! What have you got for us?” I had chosen a play that I had written, which I was sure would be close to themes they would be interested in. I wasn’t sure my poetry would be a big hit so I kept that from them, especially after Aisling’s comments a few months earlier. Anyway here was the big moment for me. I told them it was in three parts. I would take a break after each part. Once more I asked them if they were sure they wanted to be subjected to this? It was quite long! They assured me that I wasn’t going to get out of it at this stage. “Sure isn’t that why we’re here?” Sarah responded. I cleared my throat and started to read.

What’s love got to do with it?

A young man, mid-thirties heads for “Teach Mici’s” or Micky Mor’s as it is more commonly called.
Sarah let out a howl, “I love that! Micky Mor! (Big Micky’s)” The others hush her up, telling her there will be plenty of time for comments later.
It’s a Sunday afternoon and the bars have just opened after Holy Hour. The outside of Micky Mor’s is low, and whitewashed with old fashioned thick window sills. It has criss-crossed window panes that dutifully occlude the interior while functionally allowing the dying light to spread its weak but welcome warmth on those gathered inside. The man lifts the latch and enters “Dia dhiabh (old Gaelic greeting). Cad e ma ta tu a Mhicky? (How are you, Mickey?)”
“Oh, very good, Eamonn, and how’s yourself?” Micky started a pint of stout, pulling the tap lovingly, until the dark liquid crept up the side of the glass. He then put it on the side to sit for a while allowing the head to form. Eamonn couldn’t help remarking to himself as he always did, “Why can’t he answer a man in Gaelic? It was good enough for his parents it should be good enough for him. Maybe he’s afraid of losing a punt by scaring the tourists off. Maybe it’s just habit at this stage. It’s annoying though.” He mused. “I wonder how many habits I have that are plain as day to others and not even known to myself?”
“How have you been, Eamonn? We haven’t seen you in a while now.” Eamonn was agitated. His pleasant features were discordant with shadows lurking in the corners of his eyes and his eyebrows were knotted in a frown
“Oh I’ve been better, Micky. It’s been one of those kind of weeks, if you know what I mean.”
Bartender chuckles and replies, “Ah sure I do indeed, and isn’t that why God made weekends and Sundays?”
Eamonn takes his pint to a group of four men sitting by a turf fire. One man of about fifty has a fiddle lying on the floor beside him. Another younger man has a bodhran and a tin whistle on the seat next to him. Beside him is another good-looking man, who had reached that age where the passage of time brings no substantial change, making it difficult to discern his age with any degree of accuracy. He could be anywhere from 30 to 40 years of age. Also in the group is a bright-eyed elderly man. There is a twinkle in his eye that betrays the enthusiasm with which he greets every precious moment of life. Eamonn sat down beside them.
Eamonn-“Dia dhiabh”
“Cad e ma ta tu” was the general reply. (How’re ye)
“Suigh sios, a thaisce agus lig do scith.” (Sit down friend, and rest yourself.)
Barry-“We haven’t seen you in a while. Were you in Dublin last week”
Eamonn-“No. That was the week before.”
Sean-“So how is the Capitol of Ireland? Is it still managing without us?”
Barry-“Ah, those Dublin girls…they could teach some of these Holy Mary’s around here a thing or two!”
Eamonn smirks-“I didn’t know you were having a problem there, Barry! Maybe it’s time for you to hang up your six shooter and trade it in for a nice safe single barrel shotgun!”
Barry grins-“Oh, I wasn’t complaining! Sure, who better to teach them? Only myself!”
Daragh asks tongue in cheek-“Aren’t you getting a little long in the tooth to be giving them kinds of lessons, Barry?”
Barry smiles-“There’s life in me yet!”
Pause
Daragh-“How’s your brother, Martin doing?”
Barry makes a face-“Ah sure that fella is gone to the dogs altogether, since he got married. He’s abandoned us completely! He doesn’t play soccer, poker or go out on a Saturday night. He’s ruined!”
Eony Og with feigned gravity says-“There’s a black sheep in every family!”
Eamonn-“Ah boys, I don’t know. But I tell you something, I’m getting very worried.” Eamonn sat agitatedly as he took another sip out of his stout.
Daragh-“What’s up Eamonn? I thought you weren’t yourself.”
Eamonn-“Arragh, it’s this wedding business! I’m getting sick to me stomach at the thought of it!”
Daragh-“You’re in bad shape then so. What’s got you started?” 
Eamonn-“How do you know you’re not making a mistake? I mean if you do make a mistake you’re stuck with it for the rest of your life, aren’t you? Even criminals with a life sentence get out after twenty years!”
Sean-“Well what’s got you all worked up? You had a row with the missus?”
Eamonn- “She’s not the missus, at least not yet! And, it was more than just a row. I just can’t help thinking, can a man and a woman really be happy together? You know, you look around at other couples who used to get on great before they got married and now hardly talk to each other, or at least they don’t seem like how they used to be together, anymore. At least that’s what it looks like to me. What do you think Sean? You’re married a long time now?”
Sean-“Twenty-five years! Aye! It’s a long time alright. Well, it’s like this, women are a mystery, Eamonn. When you accept that, it’s not so hard to understand them.
Eamonn-“Well you’re a great fuckin’ help!”
Barry-“You were the one only a week ago was trying to get me sold on a bicycle for two and now you’re having cold feet yourself! Good job I never listen to you anyway!”
Eamonn-“Well this is just it! Sometimes I know it’s the absolute best thing in the world for me and at other times I feel like I want a one-way ticket to Timbuctoo or better still buy her a fucking ticket instead! Eony, you’ve been around for a while, what do you think. Were men and women really meant to live together? I mean permanently? Til death do they part and all that stuff? Oh the thought of it, sometimes sends shivers through me!”
Eony Og-“Och yes, a thaisce! Sure look around you Son! The valley is full of couples married for years! They’re like everybody else, sometimes they get along and sometimes they fight. Sure isn’t that just human nature! There’s this one pair who’ve been together for sixty years and have never had a fight!
There is a general gasp of disbelief from the other men.
Eamonn-“Go on!”
Sean-“That’s hard to believe.”
Barry-“He must be good!”
Eony Og-“Oh, it’s nothing like you’re thinking at all! He told me the secret one day, when I was telling him about some skirmish or other, me and the wife were having, may God have mercy on her soul, the first wife, that is. He says to me, “Well, do you know Eony, I used to have the same trouble as yourself and it used to drive me mad altogether! So, I thought about it and thought about it until bingo! I discovered the cure for it! “Well, says I, and what would that be?” He paused for a minute remembering the time it hit him. “It’s like this Eony. Women like to have the last word. So I says to meself, why not give it to her and see what happens! And you know, as soon as I did, me troubles were over!” “Arrah, says I, if I did that my life wouldn’t be worth living!”
“Oh no,” says he, “that’s the beauty of it! The way it is with women is like this, they only want to hear themselves talk. Without interruption. Or argument. They couldn’t care a less about the final outcome! If you let them finish their shpeel, they end up asking for your advice! Sure isn’t it an innocent enough vice all the same, to indulge them in? And let me tell you when you make a woman happy, she’ll make a happy man of you!” He was a sharp aul fella and he was right too!”
Eamonn-“Come on now, Eony! I’d never get away with that! If I let her have the last word my life would be hell!”
Eony Og-“Women are fundamentally the same. Times may change. Styles may change. Governments may change but the essence of an Irish woman, never changes. Now, I’ll admit I was as sceptical as you upon receiving this advice but sure I thought, I’ve nothing to lose but one battle and there’ll be plenty more if it doesn’t work!”
Barry-“I didn’t know Eony, you were ever interested enough in women to bother trying to figure them out!”
Eony Og-“Ah the conceit of youth! Why do you think I was married twice? That’s once more than most in these parts can say. Do you not think I was once the cock of the walk like yourself? But in my day, we settled down a lot faster than the young ones of today. There was none of this hanging around thinking about it. As soon as you became a man you found your sweetheart and married and that was that. Young people today have much more freedom than we did, though I don’t see as its doing them any good.”
Barry-“Thank goodness! I don’t know what I would have done if I was born a century ago!”
Sean has three daughters in their teenage years.-“I know what you’d be doing! You’d be running around Ireland with your tail between your legs trying to keep one step ahead of a host of mighty fierce fathers! And I’m not talking about the clergy!”
Barry-“Relax Sean, you’re daughters are safe from me! I’m not into cradle snatching!”
Sean mutters under his breath, “They’d fuckin’ better be!”
Eamonn-“You see Eony, the way things are today, I’d never get away with that. The women today are way too cute to be taken in by a gag like that.”
Eony Og-“Well, let me just tell you what happened to me, when I tried it on the first wife and judge for yourself. Now Maire wasn’t a bad woman but she gave new meaning to the word stubborn!”
Pregnant pause as the men digest this
“And argumentative! If I said the sun was out she’d stick her head out the window and say there was a storm brewing! Anyhow, the first opportunity to test this new experiment on her wasn’t long in coming. We had some money left over after the sale of turf, a rare occurrence, I can tell you, and I wanted to buy a few tools, like a new scythe and slane. Well, she started! “The first time we have a bit of money since we got married and what do you want to do with it? You want to spend it on a cold piece of iron! Look at this place! Take a good look! Not a curtain on one window, wide open for the whole world to gawk in at us! We might as well be living out in that field out yonder with the animals for all the privacy we have in here!” Now this is the point where I usually would start to get mad. Here the woman is talking about flimflam when I need tools to keep the hunger from the door! But I controlled myself and turned to her mildly and said, “You know Maire, you’re right. I don’t know why I didn’t think of it myself.” Well boys, you’d want to see the way her head whipped around so fast, I thought it would snap right off her neck! She looked suspiciously at me, like a ferret ready to pounce. But I made sure she had nothing to quarrel about by fixing my face into a bland smile! After the scrutiny, she continued on and on about the curtains and how the lack of them made a holy show of us in the neighbourhood, with every Tom, Dick and Harry looking in on us. I says to her, “You’re right of course.” Well I thought she’d never end! Just as I was regretting ever listening to that auld amadan who had given me this foolish advice and contemplating the almighty boot up the arse that I was going to deliver to him, free of charge, I heard my wife say, “We’ve lasted this long without curtains, I’m sure we can last a little longer. And sure anyway, half the neighbourhood don’t have them either. As for that Nuala Mhic? With that table-cloth she calls curtains! An cratur, sure I wouldn’t want to show her up by outdoing her! Better to put the money where it’s needed most. Get those tools then that we need. They’re more important than a few auld curtains anyway.”! I couldn’t believe my ears! And she was all over me after that. So from that day forward I never looked back and let her have her say and I had my way. It worked like a charm! So there you have it. That’s the best advice I can give you! Tried and true!”
Eamonn-“That might have worked in your day but in these times, the women of Ireland know what they want or at least they think they do. And if you ask them what they want they’ll take off in a big rigmarole with neither start nor finish and by the time their done your head is spinning. You’ll be no clearer than you were before you asked the question. And, you dare not ask them again or they’ll accuse you of not listening! A capitol offence in every woman’s book!
The problem is, I just don’t know how she thinks! Take for example what happened last weekend. We were going to a wedding in Monaghan. Some friends of hers were getting married. We made the arrangements to stay in the Eastendra, A nice hotel in the centre of town. The wedding was on a Saturday so we left on Friday after work. As you know it’s a good three hour journey to Monaghan. We left on Friday after work as I said. We made good time and got into Monaghan about nine o’clock that evening. Just in time to freshen up and go downstairs to the lounge. So there I am all spruced up and anticipating a nice pint of Guinness when next thing I hear is “Oh oh.” I knew it meant trouble!
“What’s up? “says I, not really wanting to know because I’ve a nasty suspicion I won’t like the answer.
“You’ll have to drive me home tomorrow, I forgot something.”
“You must be bloody joking!” says I
“I’m not.” She said matter-of-factly. Like it was the most normal thing in the world to make a six hour roundtrip just because she forgot something!”
“For crying out loud! Why?”
“I forgot my shoes.” Says she. With this Eamonn turns incredulously to the circle of faces listening intently.
Sean looked puzzled-“But wouldn’t she have shoes on her?”
Eamonn-“That’s just what I said to her! “What that on your feet?” Do you know what she said?”
The men waited patiently for the reply.
Eamonn, affecting a female high pitched voice shrilled
“I can’t wear these shoes!” he imitated her rolling her eyes to heaven. In his own voice he said, 
“What’s the matter with them?” Again with affected disdain and impatience he said in the simulated voice
“Oh for heaven’s sake, don’t be so stupid! You know my outfit is mauve! How can I possibly wear these shoes! Even if they were the right colour, which they’re not! They’re all wrong for my outfit!”
Sean sighed-“You hadn’t a chance then so.”
Daragh looks disbelievingly at Eamonn-“You didn’t do it, did you? Drive back because the shoes were the wrong colour?”
Barry-“Oh it’s easy to see she’s leading you by your pecker!”
Eamonn-“Aw shut the fuck up, will ya? You’re enough to turn a good pint sour!”
Daragh again-“Did you go back?”
Eamonn-“Sure what else could I do? When a woman gets it into her head that she wants to do something, I’d like to see the man that can talk her out of it!”
Barry smiled smugly-“You never saw me in action!”
The others ignore him.
Eamonn-“I tried to reason with her, but she wouldn’t have any of it. I said, “Why can’t you just go out and buy another pair! You’ve got time tomorrow before the wedding!” She looked at me like I was a rare breed of eejit and said, “Do you know how long it took me to find those shoes? Three weeks! I wore out a pair of shoes looking for those shoes! It took going through every shoe shop from Letterkenny to Dublin to find what I was looking for and YOU think I can just go out, at the drop of a hat, and walk into just any shoe shop and get another pair just like them?” Then she added, “And, if you hadn’t chased me out the door tonight so fast, worried about your aul’ bloody pint, I wouldn’t have forgotten to take the shoes! It’s not like me to forget anything. But let me tell you an elephant would forget his tail if he had you on his back, worrying him to death!”
“Oh, so now it’s my fault you forgot your shoes, is it?! That’s a good one! That’s one for the books!” Well boys, you can see what I’m up against. How do you win against that!”
Sean-“That was a hard situation for sure, Eamonn. It’s like I said, they’re a mystery.”
Daragh-“I’ll tell you one thing, you’ve just cured me for life, from any malingering feelings I might have been entertaining regarding a certain wee girl! But I think I’ll change course for safer waters. Barry may have the right idea after all!’
Eamonn-“So you see what I mean. If she can turn a simple weekend into a three ring circus, what could she do with the rest of my life?! And don’t get me wrong! I love her as much as I can love any woman, I just don’t know if I can live with her because she is a woman!”
Eony Og-“You’re getting into deep waters now. What is the essence of an Irish woman and notice I say Irish, because from what I’ve read, I don’t think there’s anything quite like them anywhere in the world. You need to look at a few of them throughout Irish history. Irish women were never known as a timid species. Look at Queen Maedbh! On account of her wanting to beat her husband in acquisitions she sent an army out to fight for a bull of all things! And them that had a perfectly good bull of their own! But, it was his bull that is her husband, King Ailill. So what did she do? She had the best warriors in Ireland out clobbering each other just so she could wake up in the morning and say to King Al, “My bull is better than your bull!” So nothing would do for her ‘til Fergus was felled by his best friend, Cuchulainn, and all the best fighting men in Ireland were lying in their blood.
Take another example. What about Grainne who led Fionn and the Fianna on a merry race all over Ireland because she couldn’t think of a better way to hold onto Diarmuid. She knew if she asked him to stay with her, he wouldn’t on account of her being engaged to Fionn. But if she put him under a chivalric “geasa” or obligation, the law required him to protect her! Now there’s a wilful woman for you! Then you had Gormliath, in the eleventh century. One man wasn’t good enough for her! She was married to three Kings, each of whom were mortal enemies to each other at one time or another. And when she wasn’t marrying them she was arranging for to bury them! Like when she got her son to declare war on King Brian Boru! And the rest is history!
Indeed it is often speculated that Ireland would never have become the land of Saints and Scholars if it wasn’t for the peculiar nature of the Irish female. Many men sought the sanctuary of the church to escape the vicariousness of married life! And indeed they were not even safe there, if Brian Merriman is to be believed!
Barry-“Brian who? Who’s he? The name sounds familiar.”
Sean-“I’m not surprised. His poem is one of the greatest satirical epics to come out of Ireland!”
Eamonn-“Isn’t he the fella that wrote “the midnight court”?”
Eony Og-“That’s the man! One of the finest harangues ever written on the subject of the battle of the sexes!”
Daragh-“For fuck’s sake, Eony! You know more about Irish history than I do! And you had no schooling!”
Eony Og-“There’s more types of schooling than sitting in a wee house with a teacher. We had our teachers too. These figures from the past were more familiar to me than the freckles on the back of my hands! Ours was a living history! Told around the fireside on wintry evenings, to shorten the night and stave away the fear of the darkness that can fill the souls of those sitting in its shadows listening to unfamiliar sounds from without. The old Seanchai’s (storytellers) are few and far between now. There’s no need of them anymore what with electricity banishing the night even in the most remote mountainy regions. ‘Tis a shame, for it is an art form that has lost its audience. I remember how those men could spin their stories! Every face was held entranced by the words spun around them in a shower of colour, movement and life!
Barry-“Now I remember! It was a play written in Gaelic from the eighteenth century! The women wanted the young men to marry them and all they were getting was aul’ boys. And the men wanted marriage to be done away with, to improve the Irish stock, but of course what they really wanted was freedom to dip and dally from one flower to another! Ah sure, sentiments after my own heart!”
Eony Og-“That was about the jist of it. The women also wanted to open up the priesthood for husbands. I’m sure it caused a bit of a stir back in those days! Indeed, it causes a bit of a stir in these days!”
Eamonn-“What’s the good of a history lesson to me! My problem is here and now! Do I take the plunge with a woman that could drive me round the bend and then have me committed, or is there some secret to understanding them that I don’t know of yet?”
Eony Og-“You’re very much mistaken if you think these are just ancient stories about long dead people. The old Irish Saga’s are more than just that. They’re a living, breathing history of our Celtic Nature. They tell us things about ourselves that have as much meaning today as they did then. In this particular case we can learn something of the nature of the Irish woman. I tell you now if 86 years and two wives later is anything to qualify me to talk, that the women in our folklore are the same as the women of today!”
Eamonn-“What do any of these women from mythology have to do with the modern Irish woman?”
Eony Og-“Listen and judge for yourself. Take Maedbh. By all accounts her and her husband, King Ailill, were a happily married couple, albeit a bit on the greedy side. That’s where the trouble started. If Ailill got a good horse for himself, he couldn’t keep the news to himself. He had to brag about it to Maedbh. Then nothing would do but Maedbh would have to try and somehow best him! It carried on with this kind of competition until Maedbh had to get a bull to out-match his. The problem lay in the fact that the owner of the bull didn’t want to part with it. And that is how the cattle raid of Cooley started! When all was said and done, it must have been the most expensive bull in all of history! That is if men’s blood counts for anything. What does this tell us about the nature of a woman? Don’t try to best a woman, because she’ll move hell and high-water to outdo you! It will cost you dearly!
Now take the second story. Here we have a beautiful woman betrothed to Fionn MacCumhaill, the greatest warrior in Ireland, though no longer a young man. But ever since the beautiful Grainne saw Diarmuid, she has only got eyes for him. She doesn’t hesitate to put him under obligation to save her from the nuptial bed of his best friend! To add insult to injury, she makes all sorts of moves on him, trying to seduce him. His honour makes him hold out for a long time, but human nature gives way in the end.
Now what does this little gem tell us? It tells us when a woman sets her mind on a man he might as well give up because she’ll get him in the heel of the hunt, whether he likes it or not! Some women can be cute about it and make you think it’s your own idea. I’ve seen a few aul’ cods been taken like that. But for those of us with a titter o’ wit we know for all the talk of men doing the pickin’ and the women doing the choosin’ ‘tis not like that at all. They do the pickin’ and the choosing’, if you’ve only eyes to see it!”
Barry-“Don’t say that, Eony! You’re giving me the willies! I’ve been fool proof all these years don’t jinx me now!”
Sean-“If it wasn’t for my Eileen that asked me to dance when I was stuck in the corner of the dance floor where I thought no-one could see me, I’d never have asked her or any woman out, I was that shy.”
Eony Og continued-“Take Gormliath. Three Kings, Malachy Mor, Olaf the Dane and Brian Boru, three husbands she had. Enemies to each other at one time or another. They thought they knew her! Therein lies one of the most important lessons. Don’t ever take a woman for granted! A woman expects to be treated the same as when you were courting her, for the rest of her days!”
Eamonn-“Ah now Eony, what fella would have the stamina for that? Sure for crying out loud isn’t that one of the reasons for getting married, so you don’t have to be on your best behaviour all the time, like you’re at Sunday Mass or something. I don’t think I could keep that up for life!”
Sean-“You’ll be in trouble so.”
Eamonn-“Don’t you tell me you believe it too?”
Sean-“I could tell you many a story along those lines but this is the simplest and it’ll give you an idea.
Eileen and myself were up in Dublin for a weekend, there was a fainne or fiddling contest on. The contest was on Saturday so Friday night we met up with some friends for a drink. Eileen was all excited about seeing them. We agreed to meet in the Clanricard Arms hotel. You know that swanky one near St. Stephens Green? I was standing the first round so I said, “Denny and Eilis, what’ll you have?” and went to get the round. Well boys, as soon as I came back I could feel the vibes! I don’t know how she does it but there were daggers sticking into me from every side! How she can do that and never miss a beat in a conversation beats me! I think they learn it at the knee. I knew something was up but for the life of me I couldn’t figure out what it was.”
Eamonn-“You must have said something to her without knowing it.”
Sean-“No, that wasn’t it. It was nothing I said. Ye have enough information now to know and if you don’t, you know nothing about women.”
Barry-“You didn’t tell her how good she looked, before going out?”
Sean-“Nope, I told her that.”
Eamonn-“You got drunk and made a fool of yourself?”
Sean getting exasperated-“Ah boys, are you listening to me at all? I told you it happened early in the night before I had a chance to make a fool of myself! Well Eony, any ideas?”
Eony Og smiles-“I know surely.”
Daragh-“It must have ruined your night for you. It didn’t go against your fiddling the next night, did it?”
Sean-“Ruin me night, did you say? It ruined me whole bloody weekend! Put me off the fiddling altogether. I learned the hard way, boys, what Eony and me’s trying to tell you the easy way!”
Eony Og-“I’ll let Sean finish it. I can see the memory is still fresh on him!”
Sean-“I didn’t ask her what she wanted to drink!”
Eamonn-“But sure your Eileen doesn’t take a drink!”
Sean-“That’s what I know and it’s why I didn’t ask her!”
Barry sees the light!-“Ah, I see now!”
Daragh-“Will someone fucking tell me, ‘cos I see nothing!”
Sean-“All weekend I said to her, “What’s the matter? For the love of God, won’t you tell me?” She said, “You should have asked me. I’m not a child, you know! It so happened I wanted an Irish coffee! But did you know that? No. Because you didn’t ask! So, I had to sit all night nursing a ginger ale when my heart was set on one of the famous Clanricard Irish coffees! It was one of the reasons I picked that hotel in the first place ‘cos I heard so much about how nice their Irish coffees were! The best in Ireland according to “Women’s Own”.
Eamonn-“You know the more I listen to you the more I wonder whatever possessed me to want to get married in the first place! If I was in doubt when I came in here, now I’m in a quandary! Am I supposed to go through the rest of my life ducking and dodging the minefields of her imagination?”
Barry-“Are ye sure it was your idea? According to Eony here, maybe getting married is all her idea and she just managed to get you to think it was your idea. Ye poor sap! That’s why I’m free and easy and you’re fucked up!”
Eony Og-“Ye see, ye have to accept a few things, like Sean said in the beginning of this discussion. The course of the evenings’ conversation has made it clear, women are wired differently than us men.”
Daragh-“I’d say that’s an understatement.”
Eony Og-“But you must admit, they come with many built in compensations! Now I wouldn’t want to be the one that sets you against your intended path, but I’ll say this much, when it comes to women, love isn’t enough. Oh, it’s a good start. But from there you have to take the trouble to read the signposts along the way. If you do, you’ll be rewarded in plenty, for nothing can compare to the love of a good woman! But if you haven’t the patience or the intelligence for it, do yourself a favour and steer clear, for it’ll be the minefield of your doom and that’s a fact!”

I stopped and looked at them. They were sitting in a semi-circle around me, listening intently. When they realised it was the first break they all started talking at once
“It’s great!”
“When did you get the time to do this?”
“How long did it take you to write it?”
“Well, I tell you one thing you have the men pegged to a tee! For they think that anytime a woman is annoyed about something it’s gotta be that time of the month! It’s always a mystery. It never has anything remotely to do with their behaviour!” Aisling laughed
“Tell me, is any of this based on anyone we know?” Sarah asked cutely
“No. Absolutely not.” I answered. “Look at us. We spend most of our time talking about men. Men hardly ever talk about us. They talk about sports, the weather, how much they drink, politics, anything but women. Unless something pressing like Marriage, enters the picture forcing their attention reluctantly towards the topic of women, they would happily ignore us until they need something, food, clean laundry, or sex!”
“She’s got a point. My Noel would be happy to talk about Irish football ‘til the cows come home and if he had a choice of a lifelong partner, again, I think it would be Packie Bonner!” Aisling said jokingly.
We sat down to dessert, the questions and discussion continuing in full swing. They all agreed that they could identify with the characters as they epitomized so many mannerisms ubiquitous to the menfolk of Glenbeg! When dessert was over, I commenced with the second act.
Act 11
Shiela and her sister Aoife are sitting in front of a warm turf fire. Classical music plays softly in the background. The atmosphere is peaceful and intimate. Aoife’s young toddler has just gone down for the evening.
Shiela-“I’m getting cold feet, Aoife. The thought of getting married makes me feel like I’m walking over the edge of the cliffs of Bloody Foreland without a blindfold.
Aoife-“That’s normal. I remember feeling the same way myself.
Shiela-“I look around and barring yourself and Paul, the married couples I know are not exactly a walking advertisement for the state of married bliss! Eamonn and myself have been very niggly lately. I don’t know if it’s just the pressure of the wedding or something more serious. That’s what I’m afraid of.”
Aoife-“Why? Has he said anything?”
Shiela-“No, not directly, but it’s a certain change in manner, that I don’t like. Take last weekend for example.”
Aoife-“Oh, didn’t you go to Fiona McCarthy’s wedding in Monaghan?”
Shiela nods her head.-“The whole trip was a disaster from start to finish! We had made plans to leave at 5:30pm on Friday. I didn’t see him all week until the Thursday before the weekend, so I says to him, ‘Are you all set for tomorrow?”
“What do you mean? What’s on tomorrow?”
“You know, the wedding in Monaghan! Surely to goodness you haven’t forgotten?”
“I thought that was next week!” says he acting surprised. Well, I thought to myself, if it was a bloody football match in Dublin he’d have his case packed a week ago!
“I told you it was this weekend Friday the 20th! Do you listen to me at all?” Of course the whole problem is he doesn’t listen to me!
Aoife-“Ah they all have that problem a thaisce!(dear) They’re fond of blowing their own trumpet but tune out when it’s our turn!
Shiela-“He arrives at 5pm when I’m in the middle of taking my tea. Then he starts rushing me, like it’s the last stagecoach out of Dodge. I said to myself, “You can just sit there and wait for me!” but what I said to him was, “I won’t be a minute!” Sure I knew it would drive him crazy but to hell with him! All he was thinking about was closing time in the pubs in Monaghan!”
Aoife-“How could you sit there and finish eating with him glaring at you and mad to go! If I did that to Paul, he’d have a fit!”
Shiela-“It was his mistake not mine! But you’re right, you know. I was only doing it to spite him and sure I didn’t get any pleasure out of it. I had everything already packed, so soon after we loaded up. I told him, “Wait now ‘til I run through my checklist.” He gave me a look that would stop a lorry and said impatiently, “Listen, if you forget anything I’ll come back personally and get it for you, alright?”
Aoife-“So how did the rest of the journey go?”
Shiela-“It was alright until we got into the hotel. He was getting cleaned up in his room, when I finally got to go over my checklist and sure enough, didn’t I forget my shoes for the wedding!”
Aoife-“Och you didn’t! What did you do?”
Shiela-“I said nothing for a while making sure I really did forget them and when I was certain I had, I waited for him to come pick me up to go downstairs to the lounge. He knocked on the door his mood dramatically improved at the prospect of a pint. I didn’t delay, I said it out straight, “We have to go back!”
Aoife-“How’d he take that?”
Shiela-“How do you think! But wasn’t it his own bloody fault for being so thick that he wouldn’t let me finish my checklist! And, he said he’d personally go back if I forgot anything, so he hadn’t a leg to stand on! I was so pissed off with him and I had no time for any melodramatics on his part.”
Aoife-“What did he say to you then?”
Shiela-“He wanted to know why we had to go back. So I told him. You know what he said? Do you know my flat moccasins? I was wearing them in the car. Well he says to me “Why can’t you wear the shoes you have on you, to the wedding!” Goes to show, men just haven’t a clue. All I’d need is a matching bow and arrow and I could pass for Queen Hiawatha, revisited, winging her way across the Atlantic to attend an Irish wedding, in full tribal dress! Can you imagine the slagging I’d get? “Hi there, do you want to brave the floor with me or would you rather a glass of lemonade with a squaw, eh I mean, straw!”
Aoife giggling-“Ah stop! They’ve no sense at all, God love them! I tell you Shiela, when it comes to clothes, men haven’t a clue! When Paul sticks his hand into the wardrobe, the first thing he touches is what goes on his back, without any regard to matching with the rest of his outfit!”
Shiela-“Well, anyway, I sent him back the next day, early, on his own! I wasn’t going to go with him and suffer his bad humour when he brought it on himself! Good job it was an afternoon wedding because that just about gave him time to make the round trip. But the whole episode put a complete damper on the weekend and it was completely unnecessary. If he hadn’t been in such a stampede for the bar it wouldn’t have happened!
Now I’ve been thinking about that and other things and what it says about him. You see I’ve been looking carefully at all the young married couples and this is what I see. You can tell me if I’m wrong or not. First, after they get married along comes a baby. The little wife is automatically expected to babysit, ALL the time. Remember when Sinead and Finbar were home last year for a visit with wee Grainne? Do you remember Da and Kevin and Finbar going off to buy some “milk” in the afternoon and arriving back after tea, without it? Their little way of having their afternoon pint but being cute about it. I’ll never forget the look on Sinead’s face. She was mad keen to get out herself and thought the men meant to include her, but when she saw that it never even entered their head to think about her, her face just crumpled. I said to her later, “Never mind, you go out with them tomorrow and I’ll take care of the child.” She answered me, “That wasn’t the point! Before the baby came, Finbar wouldn’t go anywhere without me, now it’s like he just takes it for granted, that if it’s a choice between who goes out and who stays to mind the baby there is no question it will be me. He doesn’t even think to ask would I like to get out for a while. It hurts.”
Aoife-“There’s a lot of that alright. A lot of it is just custom. That kind of behaviour has been handed down from father to son. That’s just the way it’s always been in these parts. The men go off for their drink and socialisation and crack and the women stay at home and do the work. There were large families, and little money. Even if the women could have somehow been able to go out they wouldn’t have. They didn’t have any energy left over from caring for their large families and trying to provide for their needs, to entertain the idea of wasting time or money sitting on a bar stool in some dark pub supping on a glass of lager. What they would have appreciated more than anything, would be for their men to stay at home more and help out with the chores.
Things are changing now. Mostly because many women are working outside the home and have gained a sense of independence. But bad habits are hard to break. Trading the pub for equal rights in changing dirty nappies is not going to have too many men breaking down doors to partake in domestic bliss.”
Shiela-“Did you find that with Paul?”
Aoife-“Not really. He has always liked being around the house and helping out. Maybe because he grew up in a house full of women and is more attune or maybe because the drink doesn’t agree with him. When he’s with me there’s no pressure on him to drink unlike a Friday night down in the pub. Sure the root of the problem is really the love of the drink, isn’t it? I can’t see how it is for love of the company, because you’d have more sensible interaction with a chimpanzee than with those drunken fools.”
Shiela-“Another thing I notice, men stop being charming as soon as the ring is on the finger! I know a few of my friends from U.C.D who got married, and before the wedding the guys were bringing them out to eat, buying them little things and always giving them flowers for Valentine’s day. Now they’d be lucky if they got a 6p lucky bag for their birthdays! You know my friend that lives up in the Rosses? Sally? She told me if she hasn’t the dinner on the table at 6pm every night she’ll be docked with the housekeeping money! And there’s Bernadette up in the glen, you know how well off they are, she told me when he goes out to work every day he takes the check book, credit cards and cash with him! She has to ask him for every penny! She asked him to buy a stroller for Aiden and do you know what he said? “If he can’t walk where you’re going, then, don’t go.”
Aoife-“Oh imagine! That’s gotta be the cheapest I’ve ever heard anyone to be! And they’re loaded! All I can say is, there are some men that think the wedding band is the same as a nose-ring! How do your friends handle it?”
Shiela-“That’s another story! Bernadette said that she wouldn’t have sex with him if he didn’t give her an allowance. So what did he do? He got the parish priest in to tell her that it was her duty as a wife, to take care of her husband! There was no mention of the husband’s duty! It was a sorry priest that went out that door, shortly after, let me tell you! The nerve of him to try and strong arm her by twisting things around to the poor Father who didn’t realise how he was being used! Things are not looking good in that marriage at all. They fight now over everything. He won’t bend at all. She just wants to be treated as an equal, not like the help. And unpaid help to boot!
Sally on the other hand just puts up with it. She’s very easy going and says, “Sure, it’s only a little thing, I might as well indulge him, if it keeps the peace.”
Aoife-“I can’t imagine being in either of those situations! My situation is light years removed from that!”
Shiela-“I’m afraid that Eamonn will turn into one of these monsters and this is what worries me. Is he going to change and turn into a stranger after we’re married?”
Aoife-“What exactly is it that bothers you about him? I mean aside from the shoes episode!”
Shiela-“Arrah, I don’t know. It’s hard to pin it down. Sometimes, I feel he just likes me as an ornament, and he likes it best when I just decorate his side and keep my mouth shut!’
Aoife-“You, keep your mouth shut?!”
Shiela-“What if he just likes me for the way I look and not for who I am?”
Aoife-“You know what they say “Men marry for sex and find love, women marry for love and find sex!”
Shiela-“Yeah, well that’s scary. What if we marry and he doesn’t find love? How do I know if he’s marrying me for convenient sex, or if he really loves me. I mean I hope it’s both! Oh, here’s an example! I told you already that I find a lot of the time he’s not even listening to me when I’m talking. Oh he passes himself well and has this irritating habit of being able to repeat the last thing I said when I accuse him of not listening to me! But while he may know the last few words of what I said, he doesn’t have a clue about the speech that went before it! Now if he isn’t listening to me, how the hell does he know what’s going on in my head and heart, unless for the obvious reason, that he isn’t in the least bit interested. And if he isn’t listening to me now, what will he be like after we’re married?
Then there’s this other thing. If we go out to a lounge and we’re having a few drinks. After the first drink just when I’m beginning to feel relaxed and in good form, he starts on to me. He says things like, I laugh too loud, that people are watching us and other stuff as well. I can’t believe he’s saying this to me! There we are, having a good time, until he decides that I am somehow indecorous, too loud for his refined tastes! Where does he come off telling me how to enjoy myself? I’ve been doing it for a long time before he came on the scene and I don’t intend to change who I am because it offends his sensibilities! I said to him, “If you were listening to that joke like you were supposed to be doing, you’d be fucking laughing too! But instead, you’re worrying about every nosy poke that has nothing better to do than listen in to other people’s conversations, if there are any such people even out there! You’re not at your computer desk now, so don’t think you can push my buttons and I’m going to do just what you say!”
Aoife-“Lord save us, but you’re hard on him! I couldn’t say that to a fella in a million years!”
Shiela-“That’s because you’ve never had to. Paul is wonderful to you. He doesn’t take you for granted and doesn’t try to control you.”
Aoife-“I don’t know what to say to you, Shiela, except that only you really knows where your relationship stands and you’ll have to decide, but you had better do it soon.”
Shiela-“I’m 28 years old, right? I’ve felt this pressure to get married for years now. I’m beginning to wonder is it my idea or just that I’m doing what’s expected of me. For goodness sake, look at me! I’m only young! I’ve a good profession. I make good money. I could have my own house, if I wanted to. But what I really want to do is Live! I want to travel! Australia, America, India, oh and especially Greece! I have no more desire to settle down and have kids, than the man in the moon! I do love Ireland and I think I would eventually live here, but it’s not right for me just now.”
Aoife-“Looks like you’ve made your decision even if you didn’t know it. You can see that, can’t you? But where on earth did all that come from! I’ve never heard you mention travelling before!”
Shiela-“I don’t know! It just came out of me! I suppose I must have been holding it in. You know how it is the way people tell you, “You’ve got a good job now, hang onto it. You’d never get another one like it.” That kind of talk keeps you chained.”
Shiela pauses before continuing, “This country is good at that. It cuts the heart out of you and leaves you with no choices. Take for example the way you get labelled by age and sex. If you’re female, you’re expected to be courting up until about 24 but if you still haven’t got a man by then there must be something wrong with you. If you do get married, you’re supposed to have children right away, be a good Mammy and stay in the kitchen except when Daddy needs you in the bedroom! You’re supposed to stop going out, and heaven forbid you should take care of how you look, for then it’s a case of “Look at the cut of your one? Who’s she after? Is one husband not enough for her, but she wants to be turning every man’s head?” and that’s just because you want to keep your figure in between having kids!
Now it runs a little differently for men! First of all, it’s no shame if a man is dating until he’s 50! Oh no! It’s “fair play to him!” Sure and isn’t he a hard man to please, more power to him!” Then when he does get married, it’s time to wear out the seat in the local pub every night. So, they marry and settle down, a wife at home and his buddies every evening to share a pint with! Ah life is grand! That is, if you’re a man!
Aoife-“Och, now Shiela! It’s not that bad!”
Shiela-“Indeed it is, if you’re a woman.”
Another pause, “Well I’m not going to risk my future happiness on a sixpenny lucky bag! I want to know that when I marry, that my husband is still going to treat me with the same respect that he did when I was single and that it will be a joint venture! I don’t want to be relegated to some kind of second hand citizen status! It’s just not going to happen! I don’t need that. I deserve more than that, we all do. I’m perfectly happy being single and I only started getting depressed when the reality of marriage hit me. It sounds so romantic at the beginning. But you know, romance is only an illusion.”
Another pause, “I’m glad we had this chat Aoife. It’s really helped me work a lot out of my system that I didn’t even know was there. I know now what I really want!
Part 111
Shiela enters a lounge where she meets Eamonn who’s already sitting inside waiting for her. He asks her what she would like to drink and goes up to the bar to get it. He returns, places it in front of her and they sit awkwardly for a minute.
Shiela-“Eamonn, I…
Eamonn-“Shiela, I…
Eamonn-“Go ahead.
Shiela-“Eamonn, I’ve been thinking. I don’t think I’m ready, we’re ready, to get married.”
A look of relief sweeps Eamonn’s face but is soon replaced by a worried frown as he realises that it was Shiela who said it and not him.
Eamonn-“I know. I was thinking the same thing.
Shiela-“I’ve been thinking a lot, lately. I’m going to take a leave of absence from work and travel. I’ve always wanted to do that but everyone kept telling me I would be silly to give up my job, especially since a good job is so hard to find. But lately I’ve started listening to another voice, my own.
Eamonn looks concerned now.
Eamonn-“What are you trying to say? You’re breaking it off?”
Shiela-“I’m saying I’m going away for a year. I think I love you and I want to spend my life with you, but I want to be sure. It’s too important not to be completely sure.”
Eamonn-“What am I supposed to do? Wait for you, when I don’t even know if you’ll ever come back?”
Shiela-“Remember you felt it too, that we were rushing things. I’m only going for a year. No. I wouldn’t ask you to wait for me, if it would be that difficult. I hold you under no obligation to me. If you meet someone else, fine. If we were meant to be together, we will find a way. That’s what I have to find out, what we have to find out.”
They are both quiet for a while.
Eamonn-“I do love you, you know?”
Shiela-“And I love you too, but what’s love got to do with it?”
The End
I put my last page down and breathed a sigh of relief! There was a momentary silence before Aisling spoke, “That’s bloody great! I’m really proud of you, Treasa Ni Ghallchoir!” She paused and then continued, “You know? That’s the only Irish story I can think of where a woman takes charge of her own life instead of folding in for a romantic plot or conforming to social pressures as a “good wee woman” should. I like that!”
“You’re right, there isn’t a whole heap in Irish Literature old or new, that allows a woman’s voice to be heard. I suppose they’ve been too busy having babies for the last couple of millennia. Well the revolution has begun! We’ll have works of art popping up all over Ireland where there were only babies before!” Sarah beamed triumphantly!
That glib joke was almost sinister in its irony, however I brushed it aside at the time, refusing to think about it.
Deirdre had been sitting pensively during the whole reading, and now broke her silence. “You know? There’s a great deal of relevance here for us. I mean, our lives. One of the strongest impressions I get from Ireland, Glenbeg in particular, is a pervasive sense of pessimism. I think people believe they have no choices and that limits their lives and expectations and their creativity. Maybe what we need to do is make choices for ourselves!” Sarah and Aisling nodded together, in agreement. Deirdre continued, “I certainly feel I have no choices, especially if I want to live here, which I do.”
Aisling agreed. “I know I’d probably have a greater number of jobs to choose from if I lived in Dublin, or even a big town. But I don’t want to live anywhere else. I want to live here, where my heart is. But I would love to have a job. Something I like to do. Even something part-time. It’s not the money, it’s the need to do something, to be part of something. You get to feel so useless just hanging around the house all day looking after the children. Sometimes I feel so brain dead that I couldn’t even work a shop register! And it’s not that I don’t love my kids, I do, but it would be nice to have an outlet for myself. I think it would make me feel less frustrated and more content.”
“Come down to the shop tomorrow and I’ll get rid of that little phobia and at the same time get a break!” Sarah opined wryly. Suddenly, Deirdre jumped to attention and started waving her hands to get everyone to listen
“I’ve just had a great idea! Treasa, you have given us a lead by showing us it is possible to be creative even if there are no opportunities, what I want to add to that is, why don’t we create our opportunities?”
“What do you mean?”
“What are you up to Deirdre?”
“How about producing the play we just heard, girls?” She paused for a heartbeat before continuing, “What do you say? It’s a great play! It’s funny, it’s current and if Treasa lets us, I think it would go down like a house on fire! Unless of course you have something planned for the next six months!” We looked at her in stunned silence for about a minute, before Sarah and Aisling broke out with loud roars of approval. “Oh trust you, Deirdre, to come up with an idea like that! I love it!” Aisling beamed. “It would be so much fun! There would be so many plans to make! Oh yes! I’m game! How about it Sarah? You’d be in the thick of the action instead of waiting on second hand stories you’d be making the stories!” Aisling’s face was glowing in a way I hadn’t seen in a long time
“You can count me in. I wouldn’t miss it for the world!” Now the three faces turned their full attention on me! I was still dazed from the rapid development of a simple reading to the proposition of producing the play! It was a little heady. I was thrilled that they thought it was worth it, but I was terrified at the prospect of producing it in public. But looking around at the circle of animated faces I didn’t have the heart to say “no” because I didn’t have the courage to go through with it
“Listen, I want to tell you I’m chuffed pink you like it but are you sure you want to produce it? What if it’s a big flop? What makes you think anyone would want to see it?” Sarah answered smugly, “Because if I’m in it, they’ll want to see it!” We all threw cushions at her!
“That’s the way to go, girls, have oodles and oodles of confidence, just like me!” More cushions headed her way!
“Seriously Treasa, it’s very entertaining! I think it would be great gas and I think there’s a lot of people who would love to do something different on a Friday or Saturday night! Besides, it makes it more interesting that it’s written and produced locally. I think it will resonate. You never know it may be a source of inspiration for some people. It might even set people to consider what may be hidden inside themselves! Just think of it, we may become the Broadway of Donegal!” With that, Deirdre sat back on the sofa and grinned at us. I was thrilled! The thought of producing the play took on a romantic aura in the magic they were weaving before my eyes. Of course I’d love to see my play acted out! Who wouldn’t? The more I thought about it the more exciting it became! It would be our effort! There would be nobody looking over our shoulder telling us what to do. We had no-one to satisfy but ourselves! There was a terrific rush from that sense of empowerment! Carried on a wave of euphoria, I managed to exude the word, “Yes!”
There was a spontaneous roar as the girls yelled, “Yahoo!!” 
“If anyone saw us now, we wouldn’t have a single patron in the play-house! They’d think we were mad!” Deirdre laughed. “Alright, that’s enough fun and games, it’s down to business now!”
We spent the rest of the night discussing how we were going to go about our venture. I made only one provision, and that was that I would not act in the play. They agreed and said I should be the director anyway as it was my play. Sarah was put in charge of creating the three sets. She said she’d paint them on plywood. Aisling would be the manageress and handle logistics such as getting a stage and promoting it. Deirdre and I, were in charge of casting. We were all very pleased with ourselves by the end of the night. We made a date for the following Thursday night and we set goals to be reached by then.


Chapter 13 The Casting!


Deirdre rang me on Saturday with the name of six fellas for the male parts and she proposed Aisling to play the part of Shiela and Sarah for the part of Aoife. I agreed with the choices for the men but not the last two. I had in fact been thinking of Deirdre herself, for Shiela and Aisling for Aoife. I thought it would be more credible. When I put it to her, she hedged a bit but only momentarily, finally capitulating, sighing, “I suppose the director knows best!” She hung up saying she’d meet me on the beach at ten the following morning
“I’ll have more information for you by then.” She said.
She was waiting for me at the top of the strand road the next day. The horses fell into step as Deirdre and I fell into conversation
“You wouldn’t believe it, Treasa! None of the fella’s would even entertain the thought of acting! One of them, Eugene Flood said to me, “Sure only fags go on stage Deirdre! What are you trying to do to us! Ruin us for life? No way!” I tell you their outlook is positively medieval!” I asked her if she had tried anyone else besides the original six. She gave me a very depressing rundown of not only who she had asked but the comments of each. I think she had it engraved on her brain, she was so annoyed with them!
“I mean, can you believe in this day and age that anyone could mistake a stage actor or actress for being synonymous with a certain sexual preference! It’s so archaic!” And so it turned out, none of the fellas would take part. They said it would ruin their reputations! There was one exception, Fintan Dulap! When he got word of it he actually pleaded with Deirdre to be given a part! Needless to say, Deirdre was reluctant to let him join our merry band but I talked her into it. We decided there was nothing for it but the girls would have to play the men’s roles as well! There was a lot of joking around with that idea. Imagine the pleasure of portraying men exactly as we wanted! (And you can be assured it would be different to how they would have done it but since they washed their hands of the responsibility it was up to our inferior capabilities to do the best we could, knowing we would fall far short of what they truly deserved!)
It was quite a reversal of history really! In Shakespeare’s day, women couldn’t take part in stage performances as it would be thought unseemly. Today they can but the men still won’t share the stage with them! At least the men in Glenbeg! At the next meeting we settled on the cast as follows
We pegged Fintan Dulap to play Eamonn
Sarah would play Sean
Kitty would play Barry
Maire would play Eony Og
Fionnuala would play Daragh
Nuala would play Mici Mor
Deirdre would play Shiela
And lastly Aisling would play Aoife
Aisling had a chat with Father Damien about using the Bingo Hall for the play. He said we could use it because there was no Bingo during Lent
“Well girls, I’m delighted to see you undertaking something like this. It’s what our little parish needs, a little uplifting! Aren’t ye the enterprising lot! And ye with your hands full with husbands and children already!”
“Can you believe the neck of him?! It was all I could do to contain myself and not tell him to go on home to my house and wash the bucket full of dirty nappies and tuck Noel into bed while he was at it, if he’s so bloody concerned!”
However Aisling showed remarkable restraint in handling the sticky pastor and we were all set! All we had to do was pay the electrical bill for the month or so that we’d be using the hall for.
Aisling gave me instructions to run up colour posters and banners on my print master program that I had recently bought for the computer. I was to give them to her and she would see to their distribution. “How many do you want?” says I innocently
“Oh let’s see, I want about 100 like this.” She handed me a sketch of the interior of a typical pub with large print advertising the play with a tease, “The battle of the sexes, Glenbeg style!” She asked, “Do you think you could find a suitable graphic like this, and arrange the print with the varying font sizes as I have done on this sample copy?”
“No problem! That software I just bought is brilliant and has a huge graphics inventory! I will have no problem finding something suitable. As for the writing, that will be a piece of cake!” We talked some more about font styles, whether to keep it in black ink or to have colour, and before long I had a good idea of exactly what she wanted. My work was cut out for me. She also gave me a blurb for a paper banner. She wanted ten of them with balloons and party hats on either end. The slogan ran, “Ever wonder “what’s love got to do with it?” come find out at the Parish Hall this weekend!” I was impressed! “Where are you going to put that?”
“Don’t you worry your creative little head about that! You know a little known fact about Einstein is that he had a wardrobe full of suits. Each one identical, and all the same colour. The reason being that he didn’t want to clutter his head with such insignificant details, as to what he was going to wear on any given day! You leave these insignificant details to me and you keep your head clear for whatever more creative thoughts want to burst forth!”
I couldn’t get over the change in Aisling! In one short week she had transformed from a slightly disgruntled bored housewife to this bustling, energetic and enthusiastic person! I was so proud that I had somehow contributed to this resurgence of enthusiasm for life, in her. Sarah was no less affected! She could hardly contain herself with all the gossip the young affair was stirring! Everyone that came into the shop was quizzing her about the “story” going around that she was going to be in a play! I couldn’t help thinking that Sarah would do more in the advertising department than all 100 posters and the 10 banners that Aisling and I were working on!
I asked Sarah how she would manage the scenery. She said she had thought of plywood initially but the cost would have been prohibitive so she came up with sheets. She would paint on old white sheets! What a great idea!
“I’ll hang them on a line along the kitchen wall and paint them that way. It shouldn’t take more than three days at the most, for the three scenes. Actually, I’m delighted to have an excuse to paint again. You know how I love to paint! But I haven’t had much time lately to indulge in it. Now I have a great excuse! I’m looking forward to it.”
We discussed the background for each act. I showed her the sketch Aisling had given me and the graphic that I had found on my computer for the posters. She said she knew exactly what to do. I knew the scenes would be flawless.
We made arrangements to have an initial rehearsal the next day, Friday, February 28. We didn’t have that much time really. Just six weeks! Three to rehearse and three to show! We separated in a high pitch of excitement and anticipation! There was a shared sense of purpose that drew us all even closer.
Column noticed the altered shift of energy in me. He noticed, but didn’t comment. I felt guilty now when I thought about him. Things had changed between us. A lot. We had learned to talk to each other. He learned to listen, really listen. I could feel my guard lowering. I began to feel a need for him. But the physical barrier had been elevated and there was now pride at stake, for both of us. I hadn’t anticipated this. In my head it was simple. If I found I could feel for him again, then normal relations could resume. I would simply move back into his bedroom. But reality is different. Six months in a different bed, even though self-imposed, changes things. Pride becomes a dark angel blocking retreat. Besides, I didn’t trust my feelings. They had betrayed me as much as Column had, on that bleak night way back then. I had thought I loved him. Love is supposed to carry you through crises, so what happened to me? And what to do now? If I walked back into his bedroom, would I be admitting I was wrong? Would it give him back power over me? Anyway, why didn’t he make a move? But I couldn’t really blame him, could I? Ever since that night when I had chased him from my room, he had not made any overtures towards me. He had Pride too. Then insecurity reared its ugly head. Perhaps he didn’t desire me anymore? Maybe after six months he finds celibacy preferable to sexual relations with me! Maybe he doesn’t even miss me, that way. So much felt, so little said. This new activity in my life was like an escape. I needed to hide from this problem that was growing daily.
Our first rehearsal night! What a thrill! There we were, a motley crew of nine with not a clue of how to go about this project we had set for ourselves! But what we lacked in expertise we made up for with energy and bluster! Everyone looked to me for direction! That felt a little scary! After five minutes of a bright red face, Aisling saved me from further embarrassment by taking charge. “OK Let’s look at this hall and see what we’re dealing with here. We have no backstage as such so each new scene will need the “actors/actresses” coming from the hall up the side steps and in behind the curtain. But that’s not a problem as the second and third act have the fewest people in them anyway. Now, we’re going to need two more people! One to operate the curtains and one for the lights. OK let’s try the first act! Treasa! How would you picture this scene?” Aisling managed to ease and cajole me into my role as director. In no time at all I was describing the round table with the fireplace on the left and the window on the right, looking out on the beautiful ragged coastline of Northwest Donegal. Sarah was taking mental notes of all the scenery descriptions.
I described each person, their personalities and how I saw them fit into each other. We would need two more people at the bar to keep “Mici Mor” busy. We read through some of the opening lines to get a feel for the characters. Finton worked out wonderfully. He was all chuffed to be in the thick of it, surrounded by so many women and of course the one prize he never let out of his crosswires, was Deirdre! And he was deriving a wicked pleasure from Deirdre’s obvious discomfort with his presence!
“Treasa, I just want to make something plain from the beginning. You know I was happy to help out here but if you expect me to kiss Deirdre and pretend I’m enjoying it, I’ll need to be paid more!” (That was a laugh! Nobody was getting paid!) Deirdre puffed up at that and retorted, “Don’t flatter yourself, Dulap! If you think I’d prostitute these lips on you, you’re even more deluded than I thought you were! I’m more woman than you’d know what to do with! So go back to your wishful thinking, that’s as close as you’ll ever get!” We all raised our eyebrows, for although it was said in banter there was an unmistakable edge to it! Deirdre was really annoyed with him! I threw a quick look over at Sarah. She was lapping it all up!
At the next rehearsal we got underway in earnest. Maire was perfect as Eony Og. She had that kind of laconic nature that translated itself into the casual wisdom that is often evident among the older, local people. She suggested a pipe might be effective as a prop to be used to slow down the rhythm. She was absolutely right! In fact I found it was uncanny how each of them stepped into their characters with not only ease but understanding. It’s as if they knew these people personally and not just from the pages of my imagination!
Sarah added great authenticity to her part by fleshing out the character of Sean, with added little mannerisms. She gave a sense of expansive mystery, to the role. But Fintan was the real surprise. He portrayed Eamonn, vacillating between the twin crosses of life, lonely bachelorhood and the clutches of marriage, with great conviction. I suspected he had more affinity for the part than his personality belied!
Deirdre was very convincing in the role of Shiela. I actually don’t think there was a lot of acting ability needed since it’s all any of us do anyway, is talk about men! Aoife was probably a bit more of a challenge for Aisling, as she is not as passive as the role calls for. It was a bit difficult for her in the beginning, not to allow her natural tendency to assertiveness to creep into her tone and manner, but with some expert directing, she got the hang of it! She did a great job!
Our first three nights of rehearsals were behind us! Only six more days of practice before we had to be ready for opening night. This fact was never far from my consciousness. But nevertheless, the jolt I got when I saw the first of my own posters hanging on the door of Sarah’s shop, with a bunch of neighbours reading it out loud, was electric! That’s when the panic took hold of me and while I kept it in check for the most part, it never left me.
Aisling did a great job of advertising the play. There were posters in every public house and shop within a ten mile radius. All the houses that lined the street had a poster in their front window. She even got the local band to advertise during their breaks on their gigs! She knew it was effective when she got a letter from Maeve in America, wanting to know what the hell was going on and how come she hadn’t heard it first from us! She had heard all sorts of stories from, “Hollywood was making a movie in Glenbeg” and Sarah had the leading role (wouldn’t you know she’d feature larger than life in any story of that nature, particularly since she probably started it!), to “the government had given a grant to develop a drama society in Glenbeg in an attempt to boost the local economy.” She wanted to know which of them was true!!
Sarah was having a field day! Everyone that came in the shop had a 101 questions for her, for which she was only too happy to answer to the best of her ability and that of course was often incompatible with the truth! She got a lot of the interest going by intimating that there was some “tension” between the leading lady and the leading man! In fact, the only man! The supplementary details were carefully dropped here and there and other details just as carefully omitted. And so a legend was in the act of being created. The beautiful but wilful, aloof, green-eyed Deirdre, semi tragic figure, (as any unmarried girl in Glenbeg, is) and the handsome, career doctor, the confident, Fintan Dulap! The one who would ultimately tame this fierce little lioness by the final curtain! Yes! Sarah engaged in a promotional campaign of her own that was I suspect, even more effective than Aislings!
There was a curious difference in the reaction to the play that was becoming apparent. The men’s reactions were a little patronizing. Ah sure, the little women have to do something to keep themselves busy, don’t you know! (While we men go out and take care of the real stuff! The important things!) How good could it be? The implication being, not very. After all, it was only a play written by a woman featuring an all-woman cast (with the exception of Fintan Dulap). They gave poor Fintan a hard time. They slagged him unmercifully. But more power to him, he shrugged them off, saying, “Where else could you get eight beautiful women catering to your every whim?” While he joked about it, still, I did admire the stand he took. He would not allow himself to be cowed into submission by the sneers of most of the men in Glenbeg.
The women on the other hand were openly enthusiastic and supportive. Many of them pledging attendance weeks in advance.
Sarah and Aisling were having the time of their lives! I had never seen them so animated! At least, not in a long while. I thought to myself, even if this proves to be the most humiliating thing to happen for me (the second, I should say) it would be worth it, to have uplifted the girls in this manner.
They had made arrangements with Noel and Paul to be free three nights a week for the foreseeable future and the boys were really good about taking the extra load, but I think their nerves were well drangled when the change of guard eventually came! Three consecutive nights of babysitting, was a shock to their system! “It’s good for them!” Aisling said adamantly. “They’ll get a taste of just how hard it is to be at home all day with young toddlers!”
“Can you imagine Aisling, if we told them we couldn’t resume our wifely duties any more as now that we had a taste for acting, we decided to go professional!” This last, said with a regal flourish as if tossing a mink wrap dismissively over the shoulder! No doubt about it, Sarah was enjoying herself!
“Yeah! Fat chance of that in Glenbeg! Besides, a few days break from the kids is fine, but I couldn’t take not being with them every day. Like I said, a break is a novelty, and you need it, once in a while. Besides, I think we’d have to pack up and move out! Noel’s good luck smile is beginning to crack now, after only three nights!” Aisling laughed.
The second week of rehearsals went well. We brought a few props along, a table and five chairs for the first act. Maire brought a pipe with her and was terrific as Eony! She evolved a slow methodical manner which she perfected over the following weeks and it served to add a depth to the character. The pipe became the defining aspect of her role! She would alternate between contemplative puffing to using it mildly as a finger to drive a point home. These mannerisms were punctuated by the almost incessant slow action, of cutting the tobacco, filling the pipe, and knocking ash out of the pipe. It gave an air of authenticity to the part.
Kitty got a great deal of pleasure playing Barry, the gay philanderer! “This part was made for Seamus Gillespie! But since he didn’t accept, I’ll have to do him justice! Certainly nobody knows better than me what he’s like!” The irony was I hadn’t based any of these characters on real people but it seemed each of the players were borrowing mannerisms from real people who they felt had something in common with the characters they were playing. By the end of the week, everyone had their lines committed to memory.
Sarah had the scenery finished so we would be able to have complete dress rehearsals in preparation for the real thing! She did an incredible job! She used two sheets per scene. The first was my favourite. It created the atmosphere of the pub, Mici Mor’s before a single line was spoken! In fact the fireplace was so realistic that a few of us found ourselves drawn to it, as if the vivid colours could warm our numbed hands and feet. The hall was cold.
Finally, the last weekend before our big debut! Aisling brought a sack full of clothes she gleaned from the attic in Mom and Dad’s. She also brought make-up. We had to be there early as it was a dress rehearsal and we needed to time ourselves on how long make-up, clothes and setting the scene, would take.
Aisling did all the make-up. And a great job she made of it too! Her first project was Maire. She transformed her clear beautiful skin into a ruddy, weather-etched hide worthy of the octogenarian she was playing! Next came her clothes. Aisling picked out black baggy pants, black shoes, black waistcoat and finally a collarless white shirt. The effect was just right.
Sarah proved a challenge! The make-up was convincing, but the clothes were another question altogether! She had a pair of grey pants, a beige shirt and a tweed sports jacket with elbow patches. There was only one problem. Her shirt was seriously stretched over her ample bosom, making her look like Mr. Universe! Fintan commented, “You’re going to have to do something with that bust or you’ll have the men completely distracted!” I thought to myself if that comment was directed at me, I would have been devastated, but it didn’t knock a feather off Sarah! “Who cares if they’re distracted as long as they pay at the door!”
“Now Sarah, we have to maintain some form of artistic integrity, not to mention decorum!” Aisling grinned. Sarah sighed, went behind the scenery, took off her bra and came back proclaiming forlornly
“Well the twin peaks have gone south for the Spring. It looks like they’re doubling up as a paunch, down there somewhere. This better be reversible!”
Aisling finished with everyone and we went through it again. We decided to perfect the first act the first night, the second and third acts the following night and finish with one complete run on Sunday night.
Everything was going well. The girls added little touches here and there that added dimension to their parts. On the last night of rehearsal I watched as the whole thing pulled together as one cohesive flow of motion and dialogue. It was exhilarating! The pleasure I got from seeing the realisation of something that had only taken place in the two dimensional realm of my mind, performed so ably, before my eyes was immensely gratifying! I was so proud of them! At that moment I was prepared to take on the harshest criticism Glenbeg could dish out, because it wasn’t just me anymore. Now we were a team!
The next week was the longest week of my life. The telephone lines chattered endlessly like a communal network of nerves synapsing continuously, triggering anxiety, anticipation and above all, a terrific exhilaration! It was amazing to think how quickly we had transformed our lives from a tedious boredom to this fever pitch! In just three weeks!
Aisling advertised in the “Donegal Republican” a Letterkenny based paper. She went into the editor trying to get him to send a reporter to review the play. He asked her how long it was running. She said, “Three weeks”. He looked at her and laughed
“Sure it wouldn’t be worth my while sending someone out there when by the time the review would be published the play would be over!” Aisling stood her ground and pointed out, that it was written by a local woman and produced by locals. There was even a newsworthy element in the fact no men could be enticed to act in it. He was sceptical. He finally replied that he would keep his ears open for any mention of it after its first run, and if he heard any echoes of interest, he promised he would send someone out to investigate. Aisling said, “Fair enough.”


Chapter 14 Opening Night


Column knew at this stage what it was all about. He said to me one night, “How come you never told me you wrote a play?”
“I didn’t think you’d be interested.” I answered truthfully
“Why wouldn’t I be? Isn’t half of Donegal interested! Why would I be different?” I couldn’t make out if he was annoyed at the attention the production was drawing, or if he was pleased that I had written something that ten people thought was good enough to go to the trouble of committing to memory and performing in front of an audience. (The original cast was eight but we roped in a few more as extras.) At times I just had no idea what he thought. Time would tell.
We decided to charge five pounds. We didn’t want to make it too cheap or it would devalue the play itself in people’s minds. But we didn’t want to make it too expensive either, or people would be outraged that we placed such a high value on ourselves. This issue was of far more importance than it might initially seem, especially in a close-knit community like Glenbeg. One of the biggest crimes you can commit in a small community is to set yourself up too high above the heads of everyone else. For this offense you may be labelled as ‘too full of yourself by far!” This will never be forgiven short of a complete reversal of fortune which being taken down a peg or two, would allow the community the magnanimous role of being merciful by accepting you back into their ranks! With this in mind, we eventually settled on the modest sum of five pounds.
The opening night finally came! The play was to start at eight. We had timed ourselves the week before so we knew we would need a minimum of 45 minutes to get ready. We showed up at 7pm. Everyone was nervous, but it was an anticipatory nervousness not a morbid type. Aisling got the make-up going. Sarah was complaining this play was costing her, her sex life!
“Paul wants to know why my bust is down at my belly button instead of where it should be!!
The scenery was in place, complete with chairs, table, and high stools for the two at the “bar”. Maire (Eony Og), Sarah (Sean), Kitty (Barry) and Fionnuala (Daragh) were ready with their pints of Guinness. Nuala (Mici Mor) was in position by the bar. Geraldine and Sally were in the guise of two older men having a quiet pint, at the bar. Fintan (Eamonn) was all set in the wings. All that was needed now was an audience!
Noel had decided he wanted to help out during the performances, so he had organized a babysitter for the three weekends the play would run. Aisling of course thought it had less to do with the desire to “help” and more to do with escaping domestic bliss! Noel took the money at the door which was great because we had overlooked this minor detail! The time was quarter to eight. We waited anxiously. The worst ignominy would be, to be ignored!
Then they started to trickle in. I had decided I would do the curtains. That way I could help prompt with the lines if needed, as I knew everyone’s lines. I peeked through the curtain and gave them a rundown of who was coming in. A steady trickle of women came in. Mostly neighbours and friends. There were no men. At eight o’clock there were about fifty people. We were so delighted that anyone had showed up that we considered this a full house though in fact they only filled the front three rows.
Then came the sign from Noel that he had closed the door and everyone was in. It was ShowTime!
We looked at each other, took a deep breath and the curtains were slowly raised to the sound of a tape I had Daddy make up specially, for the occasion. The lights were dimmed in the hall, and were slowly raised on the stage. Fintan strode on stage and the opening lines were spoken. I thanked God for his assured confidence at that moment, because it gave the rest of the girls that little boost they needed to hold their own. After the first five minutes, I noticed a gradual easing into the roles as the rhythm was set. The first time the audience laughed the group on stage actually froze! They hadn’t expected any response and so were taken completely by surprise! But it had a magical effect on them! When they saw that the lines were going to be appreciated they put them to maximum effect. At last, the first act was over. The curtain came down and the lights went up. There was a short break of five minutes to allow the scenery to be changed.
I listened carefully to see if I could hear any comments from the “crowd”. The comments were favourable. They thought it was a hoot! I overheard small snippets. “Do you know, that’s just like the men for you! Anything at all to avoid getting married! If it wasn’t a Catholic country I’d hate to think what it would be like!”
“You can’t be up to them at all! Did you hear that Eony Og? That sounds too much like my own Hugh! Why he’d yes you to death but it’s funny how he always seems to end up getting his own way in the end. I couldn’t figure it out, until now!”
“Can you imagine that Sean fella taking his wife to a swanky place like that and then not to even ask her what she’d like to drink? I think his wife let him off light! I’d have been so mortified I wouldn’t have talked to him for a month, never mind a few days, if he let me down like that!!” I couldn’t believe how they identified with the stories! It was like they almost believed these people were real!
The curtain went up again and act 2 began. Where as in the first act there had been some polite laughing. This time they were cheering and clapping! When the act was over the clapping lasted for some time. Everyone in the audience was animated and excited. There were comments shouted up such as “Great work girls”, “You’ll have to go professional!”, “The men should be here listening to this! They might learn something!”, “Sarah, you’re very sexy as a man, did I ever tell you?!”
I couldn’t believe the reaction! When the play was finally finished they gave us a standing ovation. The girls dragged me out from behind the curtains and dragged me into the middle of them, for a bow! It was then I saw Column standing in the back. I couldn’t make out his features but I knew it was him. I was glad he had come, especially now to see my big (well, little!) moment. He left before everyone else. When the hall emptied we broke open a bottle of champagne, well two bottles actually, and saluted ourselves. Noel joined us. He congratulated us all. He was very impressed. Everyone felt a great charge. We couldn’t believe it had gone so well! Even if it was only a small crowd! That’s all we wanted, was to connect with someone and we had!
The next two nights were repeats of the first only the numbers increased. We couldn’t believe it! We made 1,000 pounds that first weekend! This was more than we had expected to make for the entire three weeks! We decided we would put aside the money until the show was finished and then we would figure out what to do with it. It was obvious there was going to be a lot left over after paying the electric bill!
That week passed in a haze for me. The anxiety had lifted and I was now enjoying myself immensely! Column never made any mention of having seen the play. Though he congratulated me on its success
“It seems you’ve set the town abuzz. One thing though, some of the boys are not very happy.”
“What do you mean?” I asked confused
“Well, the boys were just saying they were a little pissed off because their wives have been nagging them ever since they saw the play.”
“Is it that dirty Maurice you’re talking about?” I asked angrily
“Yeah, he’s stirring the lads up a bit.” It was the same fella who had made those comments to Column six months earlier that had precipitated the events that had followed. A satisfied smile spread over my face as I imagined his peace disturbed by something I wrote! Good enough for him! But I still didn’t get it, quite
“What’s the complaint this time and what does it have to do with me?”
“He says the wife hasn’t let up on him since she came back from the play.”
“But why?”
“She says she’s tired of being the dogsbody around the house. If he wants to be free to go out three nights a week and spend their money then she wants to go out three nights a week and do the same. He was really angry about that. He said, “That wife of yours has made my life hell since my wife saw that stupid play!”
“I thought you might like that.” Column smirked. “If he’s annoyed itself, it’s his own bloody fault for being so thick with his wife.” He stopped abruptly as though suddenly self-conscious or, aware of an incongruity.
I was still unclear as to why I should be blamed for his wife’s disgruntlements. There was nothing in the play that any woman I knew, didn’t talk about constantly. It wasn’t exactly a new complaint. I didn’t think about it anymore.
We were all geared up for the following week. Sarah said that it was the talk of Glenbeg! She said everyone that came into the shop had either seen it or were coming to see it at the weekend. She was amazed at the reaction from the women. Many of them seemed to have taken the underlying issue to heart. Especially among the young married women.
“I haven’t heard so many complaints about wayward husbands as I’m hearing now! Girls who before would have you believe that the sun rises and sets on their spousal darlin’s are now tripping over themselves for the privilege of letting you know what lazy good for nothin’ louts they married! It’s gas altogether! Paul says there’ll be anarchy yet! “There working themselves up to it.” She said to me, “I think you’ve hit a raw nerve there, Treasa, that people have been hiding for years and now that it’s out in the open, they’re not only talking about it, they’re getting mad as hell! The hall will be filled to over flowing this weekend! I don’t think we’re too popular with the menfolk though! Don’t expect to see too many of them at it.” Well they weren’t interested to begin with so I wasn’t expecting anything from that quarter anyway.
Friday came, the hall was half full! We were delighted! There were a lot more present than the previous week! There was an air of anticipation and excitement, in the audience. The response was very enthusiastic with clapping, cheering and catcalls when the play ended! We were thrilled!
Then came Saturday night in the second week of our show. The seats were filling fast! There were at least two hundred people mostly women but also, a few men were scattered in the audience. The girls and Fintan were excited. This was way beyond our expectations! Then again, it was cheap entertainment and there really wasn’t much else going on at this time of year.
The play started. The audience was very receptive to the humour and laughed heartily at every call. But then the mood changed perceptibly in the second half. The women started to cheer whenever “Shiela” was giving a litany of male oppressions. When the play was over and the cast went out for their bow, “Shiela” got a thunderous applause with shouts of “Maithiu!” (Well done!) and “Sin an doigh!” (That’s the way!) and “Good on you, Shiela, let him go and raffle himself! You can do better than that!” But another rumble began before the cast were able to leave. This time it was from the men in the audience. “Take your show on the road away out of here and give us back our peace!”
“What kind of malicious maligning is this you have going on here, at all?”
“This is a sorry excuse for entertainment! Indeed taking advantage of the vulnerabilities of the female mind to make a name for yourselves!” Well this last statement nearly started a riot!
“Do you hear that?” They’re calling us feeble minded, now!” Pandemonium broke out!
“Who said that? Is that you Michael McGinley? Well, haven’t you some neck on ye talkin’ like that! And where’s Bridie tonight, Michael? At home! Where you’ve left her, for the last thirty years!”
“This play is nothing but an insult. They’re up there making a scit of us all! Can’t you see that? They’re laughing behind their hands at us and you women don’t have the sense to see it!”
“Feeble-minded! No sense! It’s no wonder they treat us the way they do if that’s the opinion they have of us!”
“Nellie McFadden! I wouldn’t expect any better from you! Out every night of the week and those poor young craturs at home in need of their mother!”
“They have a father too, don’t they?” Someone else shouted
“Where’s the parish priest? Where’s Father Damien? He wouldn’t put up with this nonsense!”
“Indeed, he should be here, he might learn something from it!”
“Oh? Indeed! And would you be the one to teach me Sinead O’Connell?” This last was boomed out above all the voices at war. Slowly the realisation of whose voice it was, brought a subdued silence to the hall. I thanked God for his presence! I thought there was going to be a riot, the way things had been brewing!
Father Damien strode to the front of the hall and onto the stage. His presence preceded him and brought a strange silence to the place. No-one knew what to expect from him. Would it be a denunciation of the unchristian behaviour on display or something else? Would he praise the local endeavour for flexing their artistic muscle or would he denounce the play in support of the perception by the males, that they were being unfairly persecuted. We were not left in doubt for long. His heavy dark features were set in firm lines from jowl to double chin. His black eyebrows were furrowed in a straight line across his forehead, forming a straggly canopy from which his eyes seemed to glow, dangerously. All in all he presented a formidable picture
“This play has had its last showing!” He thundered while casting a menacing look around the hall, as though daring anyone to disagree!
“I’ll have plenty to say about this whole fiasco tomorrow at mass. I want everyone to be there at the ten o’clock Mass tomorrow morning!”
The crowd appeared indecisive as to what their next course of action should be. There were many who were unwilling to leave when they had just been getting into combative form! Father Damien must have sensed this reluctance to leave for the next thing he said was
“You will all leave now, at once and go to your homes and think about your behaviour here tonight.”
They began to file out slowly. There was a low murmuring arising from a group of women but the men were silent and gloating. They beamed across to one another and nodded soundlessly. The heavyweight had come down on their side! They knew they were right and now it was a fact.
When the hall had emptied completely except for the cast, Father Damien turned on us
“I have seen abuse of power, privilege even, but I have never seen such ungrateful abuse of generosity as I have witnessed here tonight! This, this, play you call it? It’s nothing but a mockery of our whole community! And the denigrations reserved for the Church is nothing less than an attempt to undermine the Church, the staple of Irish life! All this couched in bawdy humour! Talk about biting the hand that feeds you!”
We had been standing there, stunned, listening to this diatribe and hardly believing it was meant for us until Fintan stepped forward as casual as you like and asked innocently, “Which hand would you be referring to Father Damien? Yours? Or ours?”
Father Damien filled the stage with a seething rage that I thought would cause us all to self-destruct in a cloud of spontaneous combustion and there-by speed us on our way to our just desserts, which undoubtedly in Father Damien’s mind was certainly not upstairs! Redemption was not in his vocabulary tonight!
“Out! Out with you!” he bellowed. “Don’t darken my doorsteps ever again! There’ll be plenty said about this tomorrow! Mark my words!”
We left in a state of shock. So much so, that costumes, props and scenery were left behind. When I realised this an hour later I said we would have to go back and get them! But Aisling argued that we’d be better leaving it until 10am Mass, when we’d know for sure the good Father was otherwise engaged!
It was fairly late, about 11pm, closing time in the pubs, but we were in need of a drink! I knew Eamonn Friel wouldn’t turn us away. We headed down the strand road to Magheraltan and climbed the hill to the hotel. Eamonn let us in the “thatch” the pub favoured by the locals over the much larger lounge where the holiday crowd gravitated to. He was in the process of closing up as all patrons had left but when he saw us he called the bartender over to come and take our drink order. Then turning to me he said,
“Treasa, I should ban you, what with your play taking away my customers and as if that wasn’t bad enough, your play delivers the message that pubs are the ruination of marriages!”
“Ah now Eamonn, it’s not like that at all! I’m trying to make business better for you! I’m not preaching for men to stay out of the pubs, but for them to take the women with them, into the pubs!” I said laughing!
“Arrah in that case, the drinks are on me! And in all seriousness now, I’m very proud of you! If you can create a hornet’s nest, there must be something there to stir in the first place! And things don’t get solved by pretending they’re not there.”
“Oh Eamonn, where were you a few minutes ago when we needed you? You should have seen the commotion in the hall tonight! The audience nearly started a riot and who had to walk in then and there, but Father Damien! He shut us down. He said we can’t use the hall anymore.”
“You’re kidding?” We filled him in on the night’s unexpected progression. He listened carefully and then smiled, “Girls, you know you can’t be too far wrong when you have the Parish Priest against you! Don’t let this squabble stop you! I propose a toast! To the first Playwright in my lifetime, to come from Glenbeg!” Fintan and the girls all raised their glasses and shouted, “Slainte!” With that Eamonn left us to ourselves.
We looked around at each other in silence. We all looked a little dazed and deflated. Finally, poor Sarah couldn’t restrain herself anymore and blurted out, “What the hell was that about?” We all burst out laughing. The obvious had been stated. “What on earth is everyone getting so het up about? I thought the play was a laugh myself, so why’s everyone taking it so seriously?” Fintan replied softly, “Treasa has obviously touched a raw nerve that has not had a voice before now.” There was a short silence. Then Maire burst out laughing!
“Did you see the state of Father Damien! Fintan, I thought I’d die when you said to him, “Which hand would you be referring to? Yours? Or Ours? We’ll be excommunicated for sure now!” Aisling added indignantly, “He’s nothing but an overfed bully anyway. The cheek of him to pull off our play! Who’s he to appoint himself censor of Glenbeg?!” Fionnuala nodded in agreement and then asked, “How many people did we have this week? Well over 200? And that was just the last two mights! We had as many tonight as we had in three nights last weekend! Girls, we were just getting started, and now because of this Fr. Damien we’ve been cut off mid-stream!”
“There’s going to be talk about this for weeks.”
“I know!” Sarah said ecstatically!
“You know something? There’s more than one bloody hall in Donegal!” Aisling announced defiantly
“What do you mean?”
“Well, are we going to let ourselves be dictated to by that windbag?” A chorus of resounding “NO’s!” rang forth. I looked at each of them. It had not occurred to any of us that there was a choice until Aisling pointed it out to us. The renewed hope buoyed everyone up and the light that had been quenched, was rekindled again. Aisling turned to me and asked, “What do you say, Treasa? Will we go for it?” The nights’ events replayed before my eyes. I had been taken completely by surprise by the impassioned reaction that had been stirred in the people and I was conflicted about whether it was wise to continue in the face of the controversy that the play was engendering. But when I thought of Father Damien’s fascist and patronising manner in dealing with not just us, but the feelings of half of our community, I resolved to see this through to the end. It was precisely because of men with archaic views like his, that there had been such a volatile reaction to the play in the first place. Facing them all I said loudly, “Chun and deire!” (To the end!) Another burst of cheers went up!
At 1:00am, we finally decided to go home.


Chapter 15 Hot Water!


All hell broke loose at Mass the next day! I decided to go to it, not because I was ordered to from the night before but because I wanted to hear exactly what he was going to say about us. Father Damien had a murderous look on him all through the Mass. Then came the sermon, that’s when he let go with both barrels!
He stood up and drew himself up to his full height while stretching his short neck and blowing down his considerable nostrils at the community gathered before him. He started with a mighty indignant snort which left us in no doubt as to the direction this discourse would take, in case we missed the point the previous night!
“I have had the pleasure of being the parish priest for this community for the last thirty years, up until now! A matter of grave importance has come to my attention and must be addressed immediately. A month or so ago, I was approached and asked for the use of the hall for the staging of a “play”. (This said with heavy sarcasm) Always being one to encourage the development of God-given talents, I agreed readily. Little did I know at the time, the “talents” were not from God! I decided to watch this local endeavour last night by way of supporting and promoting creativity in the parish. What unfolded before my eyes left me sick to the stomach! Here was an unlikely group of women dressed up as men, strutting about the stage, making fun of the hard working men of Glenbeg, when they should have been at home looking after their families instead! A woman’s place is at home rearing her family and teaching them good Catholic values!
But it was not enough for them to make fun of the men, they had to turn their vicious tongue on the Church as well! The representation of a member of the Church in this purely fictitious play, threw the Church itself, in a bad light!
It’s clear to me the reason behind this! Divide and conquer! This play had another dark, clever plot! It was to set the men and women of this village against each other, and the women against the Church, the very staple of our life!
As for the language out of them! To hear women talk like that is revolting! Highly unbecoming of the “gentler sex.”
At this point Mom nudged me and said, “We’ve endured enough, Treasa! Get up, we’re leaving!” I didn’t know which was going to be worse, sitting there listening to him to the end, or getting up in front of everyone and walk that long walk out the door with every eye trained on us! I said nothing. I just got up and followed Mom. We were in the pew right up near the front, we had to file past the other people in the row, to get out. I glanced up quickly to see Father Damien’s reaction. His mouth was hanging open! He couldn’t believe that anyone could have the audacity to walk out in the middle of his Mass!
There was absolute silence as we walked down the aisle, our heels clickety clacking on the marble floor. All faces were on us. From behind us, Father Damien continued, “The apple didn’t fall far from the tree!” he drawled. I felt, rather than saw Mom’s back stiffen, as she came to a full stop. She turned slowly and she had a look on her face I had never seen before nor have I since. She had turned white. It would have warned anyone with a titter o’ wit to keep their mouth shut but the bauld Father was only finding his stride.
“Grainne Gallagher, you should be ashamed of yourself! First, you allow your daughter to engage in such base writing, I will not dignify it anymore with the title, “play”. Then when I am attempting to right the wrong done by her and the others whom she has misled, you openly endorse her behaviour by walking out in the middle of God’s Mass? For shame!” My mother slowly walked back towards the altar stopping when she was far enough forward to be well heard.
“Don’t try and use the pulpit to intimidate me, Damien! If you had any sense of God’s dignity, you would not betray it in this contemptuous manner! When Treasa penned this play, I was immensely proud of her! I thought the subject matter a little exaggerated, but I was allowing for the passion of youth and artistic licence. The reaction that ensued was disturbing to me also. Not because I blamed Treasa for creating the situation. All she did was expose it! And for that, she is accused of doing the devil’s work?
You say the Church is the staple of our community? You are absolutely right! But it is we Women who are the staple of the Church! Without our support there would be no Church! Who does your cooking and cleaning for you? Who cleans the Church? Who puts the flowers on the altar, summer and winter? Who brings the kids to Church every Sunday? Who do you think coaxes the men to put money in the envelopes every week? Let me tell you, if it weren’t for the women, there would be no Church!
After witnessing your attitude I now fully understand the anger exhibited by the younger members of this village, and the irony is, by your immense mishandling of this matter, you have simply validated in the minds of many, the narrow and one-sided outlook briefly alluded to, in the play!
Thank God my faith is strong and will not be affected by one man’s foolish blunders! It just proves we’re all human, that the misguided are found in all walks of life! Mass is celebrated all over this country! Thank God!”
With that she turned on her heel and walked slowly back to me. I could see Father Damien’s face. It was apoplectic! There was a murmur running through the pews. Many people were nodding their heads in quiet support of Mom.
We marched home in silence. I felt extremely guilty. I know how much the Church means to Mom and I felt terrible that I had put her through something so traumatic. This is not how I had originally envisioned my play would be received.
When we got home, she turned to me and said, “Now Treasa, don’t you go feeling bad about this. I meant every word I said. I have great respect for the Priest-hood and it is a very great sacrifice to give over your life to God. But it brings with it a great responsibility. And it doesn’t mean that a Priest can’t be wrong sometimes. Now there are not many things Father Damien can be accused of but blustering pride is one of them. Sometimes he just has to be told. God’s Holy House should not be used as his stage to indulge in his power play. He was wrong and he should not be above hearing it from another human being. Don’t worry about me, I won’t miss weekly Mass over this! They celebrate Mass all over this Blessed Land! I think good will come out of this, eventually!” I was so proud of her! I gave her a big hug!
Aisling, Deirdre and Fintan dropped into the house shortly after. They had gone back to the hall to pick up the scenery etc
“Well, what did the good Father have to say about us all?” They couldn’t believe it when I told them had happened. “You can’t be serious? This is ridiculous!” Aisling exclaimed in disbelief. I filled them in on how wonderful Mom had been. Aisling said, “Did you really say all that, Mom? And then she hugged her saying quietly, “I’m so proud of you!”
Fintan observed, “Quite a double standard when you think about it, isn’t it? I mean for Father Damien to talk about the bad language in the play, when really, the “language” was only there because that’s how the men actually talk and then some! So, because the women were imitating the men and the way they talk, they get lambasted! I doubt he holds the men up to the same scrutiny.”
“Well, what about the statement “a woman’s place is in the home”? He has our place all figured out but he never mentioned a man’s place? Are we to deduce from experience that it’s on a high stool in the bar? No wonder so many people are mad! Instead of being a positive force in the lives of the community, especially the young, he’s just intent on maintaining the status quo.”
Mom had been silently listening. She finally spoke, “Don’t be too harsh on him, Aisling. He has the old ways.”
She paused, “Treasa, I meant it when I said I was very proud of you for creating such a well written play. I confess when I read it first, I didn’t understand “Shiela’s” discontentment that is until I thought back to my own early wedded days! Then I remembered the hardships, the sacrifices, the fatigue, the dull routine that comes from being a Mom with young children. I had forgotten all about those feelings over time. Not because I simply got older. No. I found something that was worth every single sacrifice I had ever made! I found the joy of being a mother! Every time I looked at your faces I felt the love your father and I have for each other, magnified there! There is no greater joy for me, than when I am surrounded by my family! I know it’s different with your generation. Thinking about it, it seems to me that in every age there is a restlessness among the young and it doesn’t matter if you are married or not. If you are married it feels like life is passing you by. If you are single it seems that everyone has someone to love but you! I really think it’s just part of being young! What’s different is that your generation seem to have much higher expectations than we ever had. Maybe it’s because of education but I think it’s probably more likely the TV is to blame. It seems to create a dissatisfaction among the young. A feeling that they are missing out on excitement, in life. Seeing so many different places and how different people’s lives can be, can have the effect of making one feel that their own life is dull.” She shook her head before continuing
“Oh well, whatever is the reason, it will have to be resolved by each person in their own way.”
“Mom, will Dad mind, do you think?”
“Don’t worry about Dad! His faith is not so fickle as to reside in the embodiment of any one person. Father Damien is wrong. He feels his own dignity acutely but has little time for the dignity of others. It’s one of his faults. My personal opinion is that he is too proud to admit it, but whether he does or not is irrelevant to us. This episode is unfortunate but perhaps something can be learned from it. If that happens it will have been a force for the better. God works in mysterious ways!”


Chapter 16 New Venue


Aisling vowed that she would have a hall for us before the end of the week. “The days are gone when the likes of the parish priest can wield the almighty stick over the heads of his parishioners! Never mind. I’ve got a plan! I’ll say no more about it now, but you can bank on me.”
I spent the rest of the day with Column. He was highly amused at the shenanigans of the past twenty four hours and commented, “I’ve learned a thing or two myself.” He suddenly became self-conscious and quickly changed the subject. “How would you like to go into Letterkenny to see a film?” I was floored! He had been full of surprises lately. For instance, I was convinced he would be disgruntled over the flap with the play, but on the contrary, he seemed to find it all very amusing! Secondly, he hadn’t asked me out in over, well, six months. I was greatly encouraged by these changes and began to feel my defences crumbling as I once again felt a rush of excitement flow through me as if all the passion I had for him had been dammed up somewhere deep inside and was trying to break free. I was disturbed though, at the same time. How can feelings switch on and off, like that? I knew it was not the time for me to deal with this. But I could not put it off much longer. I could not put us on hold, unconditionally, any longer. I needed time to think! How should I confront these feelings?! How should I confront him with these feelings?
I answered him, “I’d love to go to a film! Let’s get a paper and see what’s on!” We decided on “Cyrano De Bergerac”. It’s funny how truths are unveiled in the most labyrinthine ways. There we were, watching a Frenchman act out this simple classic tale. Of course its subject matter was one close to my heart. The soul of a poet cloaked in a disfigured body. By guile the soul is revealed to the object of his affection. The heroine shows the entirely human trait of thinking that anyone who can speak so beautifully naturally must be beautiful! Such lofty thoughts as she hears expressed so perfectly must in turn belong to a perfect body! The assumption being that one is a function of the other. She learns differently.
I felt the comparisons between myself and the disfigured Cyrano. Then another shocking thought presented itself, unbidden, to me! I had always known I was prejudged and categorised by my bodily proportions, what had never entered my mind was the possibility, that perhaps I was guilty of the same crime that I attributed solely to others?!
We went into a pub for a drink after the film. It had been a lovely, relaxed night. As we made our way home later, over the mountains, a gibbous moon cast around us, a blue ocean of light. I asked Column to stop just above Bunsleibhe valley, by the side of Ardrigh. We looked down at the moonscape below in the valley in silence. I lifted his hand gently and leaning forward, kissed him on the cheek. “Thanks Column.” He turned towards me and I felt him struggle to maintain his reserve. We both struggled to keep the space between us. I don’t remember the rest of the journey, being lost in thought.
Monday morning the phone rang at 10:00am. It was Sarah. “Get in here now!” That’s all she would say and then she hung up. You know it’s important when Sarah puts a tight lid on it! I saddled Cara and made my way in to the village. The weather was beautiful! It was April 2nd, but the hard edge was gone from the wind and the soft touch of Spring replaced its bitter bite. Cara fairly pranced around enjoying the weak warmth of the sun which was being supped in, generously by the greening winter vegetation.
I dropped Cara in home and quickly popped in to say hello to Mom and Dad. Mom asked, “Did you hear the news, Treasa?”
“No. Sarah rang me up and ordered me to come in but she wouldn’t tell me what was going on.”
“Ah, I’ll not spoil it on them, then.”
“Well I’d better run up to the shop fast because if I wait any longer I’ll go round the bend!” With that I left her and ran the couple of hundred yards to Sarah’s shop. Inside I found Deirdre, Aisling and Sarah. Each of them was holding a newspaper
“Well? What’s going on? Will somebody please tell me!”
“Read this.” Sarah pushed a copy of the Donegal Republic into my hands. I scanned the headlines. There was nothing there. Quickly, I searched through the side columns. Then I saw it!

Cuirt and Mhean Oiche! Twentieth century style!
By Gerard Bonner
“A new play by an unknown to the literary world, sets a small coastal village on its head! The town is Glenbeg, located ten miles north of the well-known Gaeltacht of Ranafairste. This small community has felt shock waves reverberate through it, due to the local endeavour of a resourceful group who staged a play by a local woman. This reporter went to see the play on Saturday, March 29th with the purpose of reviewing it for the Drama section, published every Monday. However what ensued transcended the confines of the stage setting. Indeed I am hard put to say which was better, the performance on stage, or the one that followed offstage!
The play was an amusing series of vignettes highlighting that age old theme, the battle of the sexes, with obvious leanings to one side. Performed in three acts, and using an all-female cast, with one exception. Apparently this was not intentional, on the part of the producers but was due to the perception by the male population that their participation in stage performances is somehow “unmanly” and might even be considered to indicate a preference for a certain nefarious lifestyle, of which none of the males in Glenbeg wished to be identified with!
The play consisted of many humorous arguments aimed at analysing the opposite sex. The first act allows the issue to be seen through the male lens. The second, through that of the females and the third act brings about a resolution of sorts.
The play has been perceived by many in the male population as a radical feminist vehicle designed to disrupt the otherwise peaceful, domestic harmony of this small community. Some justification appears to be given to this theory by the terrific empathy that the women of Glenbeg have evinced, towards the female heroine!
Emotions were indeed running high, when the final curtain fell Saturday night last. Within minutes, an explosion of vitriolic accusations and counter accusations were bandied between certain males and females, in the audience! I have never witnessed the demise of so many reputations in such a short span of time, as I witnessed that night! However, this reporter believes in exercising prudence as the better part of valour in relating these events and so I will allow my readers to conjecture on the details of the above statement as I intend to remain mute on the subject!
This scene would not have elevated much beyond a noisy brawl had not another key player raised them to new theatrical heights! The forbidding presence of Father Damien, the parish priest, strode purposefully to the front of the stage and threw his cap in with the men, thereby raising the stakes in this already intriguing escapade! The women however were merely subdued, not cowered! His eminence, promised future pronunciations on the “fiasco” (his words), the following morning at Sunday Mass. As this reporter just happened to be at the Mass in question, further developments were again witnessed. The good Father vilified the play, the author and all the participants, as evildoers whose talents were not “God-given” leaving us with little doubt as to where he believed they originated! He blasted the portrayal, according to his interpretation, of men in general and the Church in particular, as being biased and against women.
This wordy monologue was interrupted by the author and her mother, arising from the congregation and making a slow and stately departure. However the parish priest was not to be upstaged (pardon the pun!) and making a particularly odius remark directed at the author’s mother, incurred a wrath he would have been far better to have left undisturbed! The reaction to all of this, by the congregation, was one of sympathy for the beset mother, whose only offense had been to protect her daughter from the power of the pulpit!
The pair departed, leaving an empty aisle on one end with a towering inferno on the other end. Credit must be given its due, Father Damien swallowed his indignity, several times, and eventually managed to find the use of his voice again. He denounced the actions of the two women that had left and the play that had given rise to the debacle. He predicted dire consequences would arise from such blasphemous behaviour.
As of this moment the play has been forcibly withdrawn from the stage, where it had been drawing a full house. Obviously a nerve was touched. This is quite a remarkable achievement for an unknown writer of such a small production that had only reached its second week of showing. In my opinion this is unfortunate. This was a surprisingly effective play that was capable of certain subtleties that were particularly attuned to its audience. The often contradictory perceptions of one sex by the other, rang true and had the effect of causing one to step back and see things from both sides. All this was achieved with the use of an engaging and witty dialogue.
I would offer some advice to Treasa Ni Ghallchoir and her troupe, if they read this column, don’t be daunted!”
I looked up at the girls, flabbergasted! Aisling was talking rapidly. “Remember I told you I tried to get the Donegal Republican to review the play? The editor wouldn’t promise me anything but he did say if any word should reach him about it, he would investigate. That’s what must have happened!”
“So this reporter was there all Saturday night and we didn’t even know about it? Good job actually, or I would have been a basket case! It’s one thing performing for a laugh here in Glenbeg. It’s quite another, to think that performance could be used to disgrace you to the whole country! Well, Donegal anyway!” Deirdre said earnestly
“Can you believe this? Do you see the storm dust we’ve kicked up girls? Won’t be long before we get our faces splashed all over the national dailies! Just imagine, “Unknown Talent, hidden in the bogs of Glenbeg!” Sarah was beside herself with excitement.
“God Bless you, Treasa! You’ve brightened up my life immeasurably! I’m ruined though. I don’t think I could live the same old dull routine now, after all this commotion!” Sarah gushed.
I felt elated! I was amazed that a real reporter had given me encouragement. It wasn’t exactly an endorsement but it was certainly positive. But something nagged at the back of my mind. Something about the article, but I couldn’t put my finger on what it was. I dismissed it, shaking my head as though that physical act itself, could dislodge the mental thorn.
“Treasa! Deirdre and I are going for a drive around the neighbouring villages to look for a hall. Do you want to come?” I declined. It was Spring. I had work to do. Liam Mhic Ned had promised to come by with his J.C.B. and remove the top layer of dirt and replace it with good topsoil. I was determined to do something about our house and dress it up somehow. With or without, Column’s help. I wouldn’t ask for it.
We had lunch in Aisling’s and then I left them as I had agreed to meet Liam at 2:00pm. Wishing them good luck, I told them to be sure and give me a call when they got back.
Liam was as good as his word. In less than an hour he scooped up a foot of hardpan and dumped it. Then he came back later with a small lorry loaded with a rich loam. I was thrilled! The difference it made! Even just to look at! I could never have done it on my own. At last I began to envision how the front of our house could look like! For the first time since I had come to live here, I felt a sense of pride and ownership I had never felt before.
The chickens were safely in their run in the back and I now had several beds of clean topsoil to work with! This summer I would have two beautiful flowerbeds! The problem would be curtailing my enthusiasm and not put too many seeds and bulbs in too early, before the last frost which could be up to the end of April!
As I pottered around raking the soil, placing large rocks side by side to make borders and generally tidying up, I found myself reflecting on the changes that had been taking place in my life. Before, I had been so passive. If things didn’t happen the way I had hoped, I had just accepted it as “that’s life!” That person is gone now. The new Treasa doesn’t sit around hoping for the best. Hoping that fate would be kind. Now I do my damnedest, to make sure it happens the way I want! I have never felt this empowered in my life! And it feels good! There was of course one area of my life that was yet to be resolved. There was a reluctance to scrutinize this area because I had a nagging feeling that I may be more culpable than I wanted to admit. It was of course, Column.
I traced the beginnings of my infatuation with Column. It just seemed like it was always there. I never questioned it. Weren’t we raised to believe love was a passion that came unbidden and was cloaked in mystery? I clamped this idea in the lamplight of my mind and drew closer. I would not allow it to elude my comprehension anymore. I was determined to solve this problem once and for all. It was important. I had to get out of this limbo, I, we, Column and I, were living in. If I didn’t, it would soon reach the point of no return. I desperately wanted to avoid that.
As the emotions of those seemingly far off days, washed over me once again, I was immediately aware of how different I felt then, compared to how I feel now. There was an adulation, an awe and a feeling of being grossly undeserving of the attention he gave me. I thought he was incredibly handsome, kind, understanding, strong, protective…I stopped cold. The flame crept into my skin from the base of my neck to my cheekbones. I felt winded. I had to sit down. I was in shock!
All these years I had been intimidated, hurt, angered, by people judging me by my body. What a fool I have been. What a hypocrite! How could I have been so obtuse? How could I not see the double standard I held, when I had engaged in the same prejudice! It became clear to me. Because I found Column so physically attractive, I automatically attributed to him, all the qualities I desired in a perfect man! When I was with him, I saw and heard him through the filtered lens of my imagination, where I had created him the way I wanted him. I never gave him, the real Column a chance! As long as he did not do anything to seriously challenge my illusion, an illusion I cared for more than the real person, he had my undivided devotion! How simple it all seemed to me now! So, when he challenged me, as an imperfect man, instead of reacting to the real man, I reacted to the destruction of a myth! And so the loss of love had been total, because it had not been real to begin with! What a fool I was! How can we feel our own pain and the grievances against us, with such intensity and yet the pain of others barely makes a ripple on the waters of our consciousness? Did he know? What did he feel? We had married, both strangers to each other and remained so. We had lived our first year of married life making virtual contact! The tantalizing intimation of intimacy was hauntingly, elusive. It was only in the last six months that we have begun to explore tentatively, dimensions other than those physical.
After what happened I was so dis-illusioned. I thought love was a house of cards. It had fallen and fled so vaporously on me, back then, how could I trust such a fickle emotion again? All this time, I could not reconcile myself with Column’s behaviour regarding that night. Now I could see things differently. If I had not really known him, how could I lose love for him? And if I had reacted to Column the man and not the myth, back then, would things have happened differently? I had a responsibility for the outcome of that night, as much as he. Reality is the ultimate illusion. If we all have different perceptions of reality, how is true intimacy possible?
I felt I was getting a little closer to understanding what had happened between us and what it meant. At last I was prepared to take some action. I waited, hoping for a suitable opportunity for it to present itself. It came shortly, but circumstances caused it to be a bitter joy.


Chapter 17 Tribulations


Aisling was on the hunt for a hall. By the middle of the week she had secured a hall in Knocknafear. She made sure that the priest, Father Green, was given a copy of the play and read it, before she allowed herself to breathe a sigh of relief when he OK’d it.
Knocknafear was only ten miles away. But we were concerned about advertising in time for the weekend. At least we were, until we started to put the posters up in the village! Everyone it seemed, had read the article in the Donegal Republican and were consumed with curiosity to know what could have caused such a ruckus in our quiet wee section of Northwest Donegal! We had secured the hall for two weekends and didn’t have time for an advertisement blitz, so the review it seemed had done the job for us.
Paul, Noel, Mom, Dad and Ciaran, all showed up for moral support on that first night, Easter Saturday (as entertainment of any type is never scheduled on Good Friday, out of respect). In fact, Dad and some of his friends did the Irish music lead-in, which had previously been on tape, and also played during the intermissions. This had a great effect of creating a festive atmosphere.
The hall was full. You could see the curiosity on the sea of faces looking up towards the stage. The events surrounding the play had added a farcical element that was in keeping with the theme of the play, as life was seen to imitate art. (If such it can be called!) The mood was downright jovial and this lasted for the entire performance. Another incredible effect of the publicity was the distance the people seemed to want to place between themselves and the characters on stage. If the inhabitants of Glenbeg wanted to make fools of themselves, well, they’re entitled to, but Knocknafear was not about to waken the searing pen of the Donegal Republican, excoriating them for their churlishness and backward rusticity!
The curtain fell. The applause was long and appreciative. We went out to take our bow. We were ecstatic! This was by far the best reception we’d had yet, and it was unbiased! There were all manner of encouraging shouts and whistles! I looked around at our group. Everyone’s face was glowing! It was a perfect moment! Then I saw them! Maeve and a tall black man were walking up the side aisle towards the stage! We all saw them at once. We couldn’t believe it! Maeve had said nothing about coming home, yet there she was! And who was this? As they moved forward I could feel the eyes of the audience find a new focus. We ran in behind the curtain to signal the end.
There were plenty of heads turned as people filed by on the way out and many comments were passed. One even floated all the way up onto the stage, “Anc an toin deas ata air!” (Look at the cute ass he has!) And that comment was from some of the older matrons in the crowd! Thank God he couldn’t understand Gaelic, or he’d think us a rude race indeed!
We called Maeve up into the back of the stage. She was beaming from ear to ear! She introduced the tall man to us as Shane O’Neill. We looked at her thinking she was pulling our leg. As we began to realise she was serious our jaws became unhinged! How could an American black man have such an Irish name?! He laughed good naturedly at our reaction. “It’s funny,” he said, “In America it’s quite normal for African Americans to have an Irish name and it is never commented on. The only people who go into shock are the Irish immigrants! Like Maeve here!” He nudged her teasingly. He was very handsome! He was also tall and very well built, as had been duly noted by some of our matrons! His voice was like treacle! Dark and resonant with the sugary intonations of the South. We were intrigued by him. Maeve was enjoying herself immensely. She had really broken the mold I had made for her, years ago. But right now, all I wanted to know was, how she had managed to keep this secret from us?
We were just preparing to go for a well-earned drink when I saw Column walk determinedly up the hall towards us. “Treasa!” His voice was low and serious. I had been watching him approach and sensed something was wrong even before he said a word. I quickly went to him, searching his face
“I think you should come home. Something has happened.” What could have happened? My brain whirred at top speed, trying to unravel the mystery before I knew what it was. It couldn’t be Mom or Dad, they had just left a few minutes ago. What had brought him fifteen miles over the road to fetch me? “Tell me, what is it?” I asked anxiously
“It’s Cara.”
“What about her? She’s in the back field. I moved her there this morning.”
“She’s dead, Treasa.” He said softly, looking at me carefully. I shook my head
“What are you talking about, Column? How could she be dead? Sure I just left her a while ago munching on some hay?” I was thoroughly confused. It didn’t make sense. Horses just don’t die! They are as dependable as the Irish rain, always there in the background. This was just too crazy! I felt he must be wrong! Aisling approached us, Column told her the news. She looked at me quickly and said, “I’ll come with you.”
“No!” I said quickly. Whatever was going on, I needed to handle on my own. “Thanks anyway.” I tried to smile gratefully but it froze into a grimace instead. “Let’s go Column.”
We drove in silence. I was too pre-occupied with trying to absorb the fact related to me. It never occurred to ask what happened. I could see her before me in all her huge, steadfast beauty, and tried to imagine her lifeless. I couldn’t. I could not picture her any other way except abounding with the exuberance of life! She raced with lusty vigour across the plain of my mind. She wheeled and looking straight at me, stuck her head out in greeting and whinnied. “It must be a mistake! It just wasn’t possible! She was probably just lying down. She did sometimes. Column didn’t know that much about horses, really. By the time we returned she would be up and grazing again. Yes, that’s it! She’s just having a good sleep for herself.” With these thoughts I managed to place my emotions on hold. The facts weren’t in yet.
We turned up the driveway to the house. My heart sank when I saw Garda Rooney’s car in front of the house. “What’s he doing here?” I turned to Column, questioningly. Column turned the engine of the car off and turned to face me. He searched my face for a moment before he spoke
“Treasa, I don’t know how to tell you this, except in my own clumsy way. Someone shot Cara, through the head!” I recoiled instinctively, shaking my head
“What are you talking about, Column? Sure that’s the height of nonsense! What in the name of God would anyone want to shoot my horse for?” My powers of reasoning were now completely suspended as the realization of what he was saying started to hit home. I jumped out of the car and raced for the field. Column jumped out also and shouted after me
“Wait, Treasa, wait for me!” But nothing could stop me now. I was operating on a different level now. It was a bright moonlit night and by that light, I found Cara, lying on her side in the flickering shadow of the gently swaying fir trees. Her face was bathed in the silvery rays, which reflected luminously off the white blaze on her nose and was absorbed by the pale yellow of her hide. Between her wide flung eyes was a black circle. It looked as though it had been painted on. I knelt beside her, her body was still warm. He must be mistaken! That’s not a bullet hole! She must have banged her forehead against something! I ran my fingers over her head and neck. She was sleeping. That was it. Leaning back on my heels, I took in her form. Then I saw it! She really was breathing! Her ribs were slowly rising and falling! The lump in my throat was released and I flung myself around her neck crying quietly. It was all a mistake! Thank God! What a fright he’d given me!
I felt Column come up behind me and he pulled me up, gently
“Come on, Treasa, The Guard wants to ask you some questions.”
“But Column! It’s alright! Cara’s alright! She’s just sleeping! How could you even think she was dead?” I laughed. Column stood very still, looking at me intensely. He said quietly
“Treasa, she’s dead.”
“Why do you keep saying that? Look at her, she’s just sleeping! See? See her ribs going up and down?” I was desperately trying to convince him. He looked at her again and then nodded his head. “It just looks that way, Treasa. It’s the shadows playing tricks with your eyes.” I looked quickly again. What was he talking about? Shadows! As I watched, I saw her bulk remain absolutely still for a long time. I held my own breath but had to release it in a burst for air. She could not be holding her breath that long! Just as I was almost convinced, her sides began to go in and out again! What the hell was going on? Was I going mad? What did he say? The shadows were playing tricks on my eyes? Then I understood.
There was a light breeze that night. When the breeze was calm the shadows of the scrawny fir trees, lay perfectly still on her body. But when the breeze lifted the branches and swung them gently to and fro, their shadows moved first left and then right, across Cara’s form, breathing life, where there was none. I was deceived by the shadows of reality. I threw myself on her ribs and sobbed. Column stood quietly close by and eventually pulled me to my feet. I don’t know how long we were there. Time is relative, at moments like that. A life can end in an instant. An instant can seem like a lifetime.
We walked silently towards the house. Column stopped me just before we reached the house and looked at me closely and asked, ‘You don’t have to talk to Guard Rooney tonight, if you don’t want to. I can talk to him.” A small voice I didn’t recognise said, “I’ll talk to him.” Guard Rooney was a middle aged man whom I remembered from when I was very young. When he was a young Guard, he had been stationed here far from his native County Kerry. But he came to love the people and the place and when his mandatory year of service at the pleasure of the Guards was up and he could choose where to be stationed, he chose to stay on. His only tie to Kerry were his parents. His brothers and sisters had long ago emigrated to England and America.
He was standing by the gable of the house, silhouetted against the dark sky
“I’m sorry this happened, Treasa. Everyone in the village knew how you felt about that horse. Could you come inside ‘til I ask you some questions.” We all trooped into the kitchen. We sat around the fire and Guard Rooney looked at me quietly before he began
“Treasa, is there anyone you know that has threatened you in any way, or holds a grudge against you for anything?” I shook my head, “No. I never fight with anyone.” Column interrupted, “There have been many things said to me. There are a few people who were very annoyed over this play. Maurice Devlin complained to me about it, saying his wife had started fighting with him about his going to the pub on the weekends and about money, ever since she saw the play.” The Guard nodded
“That’s what I was thinking myself. There have been a lot of the lads very upset about the play you put on, Treasa. Seems like it got the women around here all riled up. Anyhow, I think this incident is directly linked to the unease created by the play. Now don’t get me wrong. I am in no way judging you or what you’ve done, but there was a lot of bad feeling. And that reporter fella writing about the affair dented a lot of egos even more, by making some people look foolish.” Column added, “Don’t forget you had Father Damien up on the pulpit adding his tuppence worth. That’s bound to have an effect on anyone thinking of revenge.” That was it! I remembered then what it was about the newspaper article that had disturbed me. In it, Father Damien had predicted a dire consequence would arise from my “blasphemous behaviour”
“It can directly or indirectly be blamed on Father Damien.” Both men looked at me in astonishment
“That’s a bit strong, surely, Treasa?” Guard Rooney queried. I told them about what had been said after I left in the middle of Mass with Mom
“That kind of talk is like giving a green light to anyone who was mad enough to do something. And claim it was in the name of God.” Guard Rooney said grimly.
Column walked the Guard to his car. He came back a few minutes later and asked if I was alright. I nodded numbly. I couldn’t stop thinking about Cara lying out on the frost covered grass. Column brought me a mug of hot tea and sat down beside me.
“If I find out that it was that good for nothing, Maurice Devlin, I’ll beat the living daylights out of him!” he said quietly. I looked up to see his face set in hard lines
“He’s caused enough trouble in this house! It’s time he was taught a lesson.” His muscles bunched up under his shirt in tense anticipation of a confrontation. I put my hand on his arm, gratefully and said
“Column, thanks. But I don’t think that will get us anywhere. Nothing is going to help my poor Cara, now.” He put his arms around my shoulders and said
“I’ll buy you another horse. Whenever you’re ready. Any kind you like.” The tears started to slip down quietly again. I could never replace Cara. I couldn’t even think about it. I looked up at him and hesitated, then mustering my courage, I asked
“I don’t want to be alone tonight, Column?” He just squeezed me gently.
I clung to him all night long. He never asked for more, though I could feel his desire. It felt so good to be held again! I had missed that simple human touch.
The next morning I knew it was time for us to talk. It was Sunday, Easter Sunday. He brought me tea and toast in bed. He had been so kind and thoughtful lately. This would never have happened a year ago.
We sat in our bedroom. The one I had run out of six months earlier in a state of near hysteria. The scene of the crime, if you like. We both looked at each other. I could see in his eyes that he was struggling to speak. I had things to say too. Things I thought I had buried a long time ago. I was overcome with a deep sense of remorse that was searing, in its intensity. The loss of Cara triggered another loss that I had pushed to the deep recesses of my mind and had not allowed to surface, until now. Suddenly, the death of Cara paled in comparison to the death, the planned death, the unnecessary death, of our baby! My God! How could I have done it? How could I have shown more love and caring, for a horse, a beautiful, wonderful horse, but a horse, and yet I hadn’t enough love to offer a tiny human being, that had depended on me completely, for its existence! My own baby, our baby! How could that be? The enormity of what I had done, crashed in on top of me!
All these months I had dwelled on how I had been wronged. How I had not been shown love, respect or kindness! All this time, I had overlooked that I had failed another in the same exact way, only someone much more vulnerable.
The irony was, in all this time, I never even thought about the abortion. I didn’t want to think that I had done something wrong, so I pushed it out of my mind and refused to think about it at all. But now? Wave after wave of pure grief drowned me and I fell to my knees, sobbing uncontrollably. Column was taken completely by surprise. He was at a loss to know what this new surge of anguish was, so much more intense than before. He reached for me and holding me by both arms, he searched my face asking incredulously
“Treasa! In the name of God, what is the matter? It’s not that bad! We can get another horse! Treasa, please don’t cry so!” I was horrified as I realised how ignorant he was of what I had done! He had no idea! How could I tell Column? Things had changed so much in the last six months. It had all been a big mistake! And now I had to tell him I killed our baby! Why? Because I was mad? Hurt? Afraid? Or simply selfish! I had been too wrapped up in myself and my precious feelings that I didn’t have enough love to give! After loving myself, there wasn’t any love left over for our baby!
The tears came hard and fast. Column was becoming very anxious, now. He sensed it was more than the death of Cara. But he could never suspect the dark secret that I had kept from him. His face was drawn and there was a frown of concern and fear on his face.
The realisation of the magnitude of what I had done was too much to bear. There was no end to this heavy unendurable heartache that rocked me. I looked at Column and my heart broke to see the concern in his eyes for me, not yet knowing what I had done to him, to us. He pleaded with me, almost begging me, to tell him what was wrong. I looked at him in mute misery. After a few moments I gathered myself together and started to speak.
“Column. That night when you yelled at me and called me a stupid cow, and…said those other things to me, I was devastated! I had thought that the only person in the world who didn’t think of me, like that, was you. Then, later, when you came in and just took what you wanted! You didn’t care about me, that you had hurt me! I was just a thing! Something to be used without thought or regard, like the animal you compared me to! You just took what you wanted! You didn’t even seem to notice that I just lay there, uncooperative. I was so hurt!
You destroyed every fragment of self-respect I ever had that night. That is, until I got angry. I stayed angry. I changed that night, my heart turned cold. I no longer believed in love. It was just a fairy tale! I decided I was going to rebuild my self-respect and my life and I wouldn’t let anything get in the way, this time.
I paused for a moment looking at him. He was sitting watching me intently, his face showing the shame he felt with every word I uttered. Now it was my turn for shame. I looked away, unable to watch the effect the next few words would have on him.
“When I found out I was pregnant, I fell into a panic. I didn’t want a baby! I had my own plans and a baby would only get in the way. But most of all I was scared you would use it to control me. So, I had an abortion.”
At this point, Column let go of me slowly as my words drove home. His face blanched. He sat limply on the bed looking blankly in front of him.
I continued wearily. “I thought I had lost all love for you. After all, you only wanted me for breeding purposes. To produce plenty of kids for you to be proud of and help you on the boat eventually and I would spend my life and energy rearing them. I was completely dependent on you financially if not emotionally anymore. I felt trapped. I was determined to change all that.
But these last few months have given me plenty of time to think. I know now, I was at fault for letting you treat me like that. You or anyone else, could never treat me like that again. I realise now that I had a responsibility to myself, not to allow anyone to behave like that. I also realize that we both didn’t really know one another. We had our perceptions of one another but we didn’t really know one another. I had this romantic image in my head of how I thought you were, how I wanted you to be, based on nothing more than my day dreams. When you didn’t come up to scratch, I believed you had betrayed me, whereas in fact, you were simply being you.
So I did it. I had an abortion. The strange thing is, it never bothered me, until now. In fact, I don’t think, in all this time, I have considered it, until now. It’s as though I blocked it out of my mind, until now.”
I paused. I twirled the fringes of our candlewick bedspread in my fingers nervously. After a while, I continued. “These last few months I think, have given me, us, a chance to talk to each other instead of past one other. But what has made me think there was hope for us, is in how I’ve seen you change, in this time. You used to expect that I should wait on you hand and foot. And I, like some kind of adoring lapdog obeyed your every command. But ever since our estrangement, you have changed. You have become more thoughtful. You try to help me in little ways. That means so much. You treat me differently, as a person and not your property. You’ve shown you can think of my feelings. I wasn’t’ expecting this. As all these observations have sunk in, and I realise I have been a fool and that our life could be wonderful together, this darkness rises up to confront me. I see for the first time how awful, how terribly wrong, I have been! And I can’t believe it!” I turned to him and whispered hoarsely, “What can I do? How can I live with this? How can I expect you to forgive me when I cannot forgive myself?” His face was a study in human emotion. I had never seen him so miserable! He was in anguish and his features showed it. He looked so vulnerable.
When I had finished, he opened his mouth as if to speak, but nothing came out. He hung his head and coughed a little and tried again. This time he looked straight into my eyes which he held for a moment before dropping his gaze in despair. I knew this was probably the hardest thing he had ever confronted in his life. He abhorred discussing emotional issues, never mind this, the deliberate killing of his child because I didn’t want his child!
I was sitting propped up on the bed and he was sitting facing me, also on the bed. Finally, taking my hand, he spoke in a strangled voice, “Treasa, I had no idea I hurt your feelings as much as I did, that night. I admit, I was angry that night. I’ve always been jealous when anyone pays attention to you. I wanted to keep you all to myself. Everybody loves you so much. I didn’t want to share you with anyone! I felt you wouldn’t have enough left over for me. I couldn’t understand why you needed to go in to the village to see the girls as often as you did. Wasn’t I enough for you? I know you are enough for me. I thought it was because I was too dull or something. You are so vivacious and full of fun, I thought I was too inadequate for you. That I wasn’t interesting enough. That I just was not good enough for you.”
He looked out the window for a few moments and had such an air of detachment. I thought he had forgotten that I was there. But then he turned back and with a shrug, he went on
“When Maurice Devlin said those things to me, I just went mad. I punched him out and then my anger turned on you. Why would you want to be going off like that? Were you making a fool of me? Were you, interested in someone else? I was tormented with jealousy! I can’t even remember what I said to you! I only know I wanted to hurt you because I felt so hurt. I felt you slipping away from me and I didn’t know how to stop it! I was desperate! Later on, when I came into the bedroom. I thought by possessing you I could hold you, and shake all the bad feelings away. It never occurred to me what you might be feeling. I was just so wrapped up in myself.” After saying this, the longest speech of his life, he got up and crossed the room. He stood with his back to me, gazing out at the bay.
My mind was in a turmoil. How could we have lived under the same roof and know so little about each other’s pain? I had no idea about what he had just revealed to me! I had no idea he cared so much! If I had just known that, things would have turned out much differently! How fragile love is, the love between a Man and a Woman, the most fragile love of all
“It seems we could have avoided all this if we loved each other more and ourselves a little less. Column, if only I had known you cared, I would never have gone through with it! I always felt so unworthy of you. You are so handsome and I, well, I was hardly a catch! More like the only one left on the shelf!” He turned quickly and shaking his head, said, “That’s not true, Treasa! I had my mind made up years ago that you were the one for me! To me you are the most beautiful woman in the world! Don’t you know how beautiful you are? You are all woman and not just on the outside either! You have a real woman’s heart! You are the warmest person I’ve ever known. The only reason I took so long to make my move was because I had to wait for my father to hand control of the boat over to me. Then shortly after he did, he died. When my brothers left for England I was stuck for a year trying to get men I could trust to replace them, on the boat. How could you not know how I felt?”
“Maybe because you never said, “I love you”.”
“Didn’t I buy the cooker and washing machine for you?”
“A woman needs to hear it or she doesn’t believe it!”
“You mean all this heartache could have been avoided if I had just said, “I love you”?” I thought about the lonely nights where we both would sit looking at some inane program on T.V. night after long night. I remembered how I longed to talk to him or read with him or go out visiting with him. This passed before my mind as he asked how could I not know he loved me? And yet I didn’t speak of it. A part of me understood that I had to leave him some space for himself. If I criticised every aspect of our life, he would have nowhere to retreat to, and we all need somewhere to retreat to, somewhere that we thought was real. The things left unsaid are perhaps more important than the things spoken. Human dignity requires that. What was missing back then, that led to this? Was it just three words, “I love you”? Or was it something deeper? Was it about trust? My sense of my own inadequacy coloured my perceptions just as his feelings of jealousy did his, but the irony is, neither one of us had any idea of what mulled in the depths of one another’s hearts. If there had been more understanding, those long nights would not have been inane but companionable. They would not have been dull but a warm shared experience. Words are not necessary where there is trust and understanding. Life is more than novelty when love is founded on knowledge and trust
“No. I think we both needed to learn a lot more about ourselves and each other. I know what I learned about myself was very important. You learned something about yourself too. Maybe there’s no easy road to self-realisation, and without that, you can’t give properly in a relationship. My insecurity about my body and lack of self-worth, affected how I viewed what happened. If I had a healthy opinion of myself I wouldn’t have reacted the same. Your insecurity about us, affected how you felt.”
Column reached over to me and hugged me. He whispered into my hair.
“I’m sorry Treasa. I had no idea! I’m sorry.” I clung to him sobbing
“What can I do? What can I do, Column? I killed our baby!” He rocked me back and forth. His body wrapped around me as though trying to protect me from the hurt. After what seemed like an age, he said, “Treasa, we’ve learned the hard way what maybe comes easier to others, but listen to me now! Nothing, will ever come between us again! I love you more than I have ever loved anyone and I will never betray your trust in me again! What has happened, has happened. There is only one way out, and that’s forward. I’m not in any way trivialising what happened our…baby, but no amount of tears will bring it back. We can only go forward and make sure we both do a better job in the future!
Treasa, you’ve always had a strong faith. I always admired that. My own is maybe not so strong. You draw strength from your faith. I think now’s the time you really need it. Turn to God. He will see that some good will come out of all this upset.” At the mention of God the anguish started anew. The apprehension I had felt in telling Column had faded as his kindness was balm to my tortured conscience but now with the mention of God, the enormity of the transgression rose before me again. I first felt horror, then despair. I felt lost, that I would be forever lost in this life! I felt that despite Column’s love for me I would never get over the guilt of what I had done. I would be condemned forever, in this life and the next! Words cannot express the depth of my despair. On the one hand the grief at never knowing my child, and on the other the thought of eternal desolation and hopelessness.
Column mistaking my silence for calmness continued talking
“Maybe we could go visit the priest. Oh, I don’t mean Father Damien, but some other priest, for counselling. More than anything, you need to lay down this guilt and know you can go forward.” Just as the first mention of God had brought fear and despair, the mention of going to the priest brought a shaft of hope that cut like light through the darkness. Hope I could believe in. Yes! That is what I would do! I would go to confession and lay my soul bare! It was my only hope! I had no sooner finished this thought when an intense desire to pray came over me. I asked Column if he would mind giving me a few minutes on my own. I needed to pray.
I had always been a Catholic by tradition, but that morning I learned more about my God than I learned in all the years I had spent on earth. If only I had turned to Him earlier! Column was right.
After lunch, Column broached the subject of what to do with Cara. I told him I wanted to say a final goodbye and I would really like her to be buried on that spot where she died. “No problem. I’ll call Liam Mhic Ned. He’ll bring over his, eh…he’ll get the job done. I’ll go and arrange it now and then I’ll drop into Guard Rooney on the way back.”
“Column, don’t do anything silly, like…for revenge, or anything. It’s pointless. The harm is done. Let Guard Rooney take care of it.” He said nothing, but there was a stubborn set to his jaw. When he closed the door he left me alone with my thoughts again. I thought of Cara lying frozen like a wafer, on the hard earth, her coat covered in a hoary down. Another image super-imposed itself on this one. It was Cara trumpeting her lust for life as she pranced in short circles above her lifeless form. Then taking one last look at me she whinnied, turned and galloped away, her image did not move away, it just got smaller and smaller until it disappeared. It seemed so real that I raced out to the back, thinking I might still catch sight of her. But all I saw was her big beautiful face frozen in death. I touched her golden hide. It was hard and unyielding. Not like her living skin which dimpled when touched. I stood for a long time just looking at her head, chest, ribs and legs. Unaware of it, I was locking her image in all its details, into my mind where she would stay a part of me forever.
I was mindful of the unselfish capacity so many animals have for love and devotion. How much greater must our own be. But so few of us ever realise that potential, or maybe it’s just that we waste it all on ourselves. It was lack of love that caused her death…and another. A stinginess in both cases, on the part of the supposed, superior species.
I whispered softly, “We shared so much, you and I, Cara. I think when I leaned on you in my hour of need you gave me some of your strength, as a gift. I have it still.” I had no more tears left inside me. They were all used up. Death opens another door. I knew my baby was with God. I prayed that God in His goodness could see His way to taking my beautiful Cara to heaven so that I might one day share her with my child. I knew I didn’t deserve this but I didn’t ask because I felt worthy, but because I believe in God’s goodness.
Where would I go from here? Should the play stop? If it was driving people to violence, maybe I should stop it? But my play didn’t advocate violence! It was just one imperfect and subjective viewpoint of life! If it caused people to get angry, surely that’s good, in a way. If our emotions are not stirred how can we learn anything, about ourselves and others? I am not responsible for one person’s actions because I uncovered a hitherto, unspoken of, problem in his life. No! The play would go on! With this resolve I walked slowly away from Cara and back to the house.
As I walked through the door, the phone rang. It was Aisling. She asked if she could come over. It took her half an hour. She came up to me and gave me a big hug, then held me at arm’s length to get a better look
“Oh Treasa! Why would anyone do that to Cara? I just can’t believe it!”
“They didn’t care about Cara. They did it to get to me!”
“But why?”
“I rocked their boat.”
“If I ever find out who did…! What are you going to do? You are going to prosecute, aren’t you?”
“I don’t know. It seems kind of pointless. If they couldn’t work through their anger in the first place, I doubt they’ll accept the responsibility for their actions now.”
“Well, that’s what the law is for! When people won’t blame themselves the law does it for them and it’s kind of hard to squirm out from under the guilt, then. You have to charge them!” How ironic! Her words meant to comfort me, were condemning me!”
“Well, I’ll cross that bridge when I come to it.” At this point the phone rang again. It was the reporter from the Donegal Republican. He had heard what had happened. I don’t know how he could have heard so fast. He wanted to interview me. I declined. He said he would be writing about the incident anyway so it would be in my best interests to give my side and avoid distortion. I hesitated. I didn’t like the idea but I thought he was probably right. It would be better to elucidate some controversies that had arisen. I agreed.
Aisling thought it was the best course of action but she cautioned that I should prepare myself beforehand, for his questions
“You better watch out he doesn’t try to manipulate you for his own ends.” I sighed heavily
“I know. Suddenly life is a bed of thorns. How did this happen?” Leaving that thought for another time, I asked about Maeve and Shane. We went inside for a cup of tea.
About an hour later, Column showed up with Liam Mhic Ned. Liam stood at the door and shaking his head said, “I don’t know what kind of cliathaire (low-life) would do this to a poor trusting dumb animal! I’m very sorry to hear about it, Treasa.” I asked him in for a cup of tea but he refused. “Maybe later. But I think I’ll eh,…get on with the job first.” Column went out with him.
Aisling said to me, “Column seems to have changed a lot or maybe I’m just seeing things in him for the first time.” I nodded, “We’re all changing. It’s when we don’t change we have problems.” Aisling looked at me strangely but didn’t comment further.
“Do you think you can put the play on tonight, without me? I just don’t feel like going out, not tonight.”
“Of course we can! I can tell you there is absolute outrage in the village over what happened here last night! Everyone is trying to figure out who did it. And let me tell you they have a few good ideas!”
Aisling was just leaving when Column and Liam came in. She asked me if I wanted her to be there when the reporter was due on Monday morning. I said no. I’d rather handle it myself but I told her I would love to see her after he left. She said she would come at three the next day.
I made another cup of tea for Liam and Column. He didn’t stay long, under the circumstances. He is such a nice man. Very kind. The silent type of kind. He doesn’t say much but he’s always there to help if you need him. After Liam left, Column turned to me and asked, “What’s this about a reporter?” I told him about the call and reassured him I was not going to say much and nothing that could fuel the controversy more
“I hope you know what you’re doing!” he said, unconvinced. “Sometimes the best thing to say at times like this is to say nothing! Let people figure it out for themselves.”
“Well, if they had been doing such a good job of that, my Cara wouldn’t be buried under the turf out there now, would she?” I snapped back. He touched my arm and said
“You’ve a right to be angry, you know? Just don’t let that reporter see too much. That’s all I’m saying.” I smiled. “I thought it was me who had to restrain you from doing something impulsive, not the other way around!” His face tightened very slightly as he replied, “You don’t have to worry about me, or anyone else.” Then he added with a grin, “Except this reporter!”
I asked him what Guard Rooney had to say when he went in to see him but he was very noncommittal in his reply
“Oh nothing much. But he thinks it won’t be long before he will have something.”
“Is that all he told you?”
He hesitated, then said, “Yeah, that’s basically it.” I asked if he and Liam had finished burying Cara. I knew they had but it seemed it had to be said anyway. He nodded
“Come on.” He jumped up from the chair and stood waiting in front of me. Then taking my hand he said
“Let’s go for a nice long walk. You need a break from the house and all. It’s a beautiful day today. It’ll do you good. It’ll do us both good!” I readily agreed. I felt suffocated. We walked down the road and took the narrow pathway to the little bay below the house. It was about a fifteen minute walk. Most of the way down is steep and must be negotiated carefully. At that point conversation became difficult, because of the stiff breeze robbing us of our breath. But once down, we were sheltered from the same breeze by the bluff which jutted out into the sea.
We walked companionably together and walked along the short beach away from the bluff. Briefly looking over my shoulder, I saw our house sitting back, on a patch of green atop it. Column stopped and turning to me, said
“We’ll get horses soon Treasa. You and me. I’m not trying to replace Cara. But aside from loving her, you also love to ride. This time, I want to share it with you. You’ve taught me a lot about myself. And one of those things is that I like to do things with you. I want to do more things with you. It’s probably hard for you to understand but I didn’t grow up in a house where there was a lot of conversation, especially about things that matter, unless it had something to do with fishing. My mother died when I was pretty young and my father was a quiet man. It was a pretty quiet house, come to think of it.” He paused, frowning. I was completely taken aback by this confidence. He had never told me much about his home life except to tell me that his mother and sister had nothing to complain about the house!
“My sister raised me and my two younger brothers. Then when I was sixteen she left, to get married. Our house became even more silent, then. I never realised how silent until I went visiting to other houses. When you came it was different. I could listen to you all day and all night. But I don’t have much to say myself. Sometimes I wish I could talk more easily, like you do. I don’t know much, except about fishing. It’s funny, when I’m in the house, I think about fishing. When I’m out on the boat, I think about everything else!
You’ve opened me up a lot. Made me realise things about myself, like my love for music. You’ve shown me how to enjoy music and people. I think I could enjoy sharing your passion for horses too. I always liked them and the few times I was on board one, I liked it.”
I was watching him closely as he spoke. He spoke in short staccato sentences like someone unused to an irksome suit chafes beneath it. But as he became absorbed by what he was saying he forgot about the delivery and his voice relaxed. We sat down together. We talked for a long time, swaying between the trivial to the more recent revelations. Eventually we made our way home. Column asked me if I wanted a lift into Knocknafearr to help out, with the play but I told him I wasn’t going that night.
The next morning, I got up with a heavy heart. I went out to milk Nellie and faced the emptiness of the field and the emptiness within. I was in grieving mode. I had to let go but it was easier said than done. Liam and Column had marked Cara’s grave with a pile of stones. This grave would now be synonymous with another unmarked grave only found in my heart. “My child didn’t even have the basic dignity of a grave!” I thought about what he had said about going to a priest and decided when things settled down, I would go to Father Green. I found him to be a common sense kind of man. I could talk to him. I needed to talk to him!
I thought about what Column had said about getting a couple of horses. The prospect was exciting, because half of the pleasure of riding is sharing the experience with a friend. Immediately after thinking that I felt a stab of pain as if I was being disloyal to my beloved Cara. Thinking it through though, I realised that was not fair. As Column said, I was not trying to replace Cara but the pleasure of horse-riding, a separate thing.
Time was running out and I needed to think about what I wanted to say to this reporter. I hadn’t much time to compose myself. Just a few hours. Over several cups of tea, I went through a mental interview. To my horror, I found I didn’t know what I wanted to say! The more I thought about it the more my mind went blank! This was impossible! I had to be prepared! This was too important!
There was a knock at the door. I couldn’t believe I hadn’t heard his car come up the drive! So engrossed had I been in trying to answer virtual questions that the time had gotten away from me and now I was in a state of confusion and near panic as I was confronted by the man himself! I had a fleeting thought of hiding but abandoned it as there was only a few feet and a door between me and the reporter! Too late for that!
When I eventually spurred myself into action and opened the door, there stood a small grey-haired man dressed in shirt and tie and wearing brown corduroy trousers. He had a tweed jacket thrown over his shoulders. It was another warm day.
“Cad e ma ta tu? Treasa Ni Ghallchoir?” (Gaelic greeting)
“Sea, Tar isteach ‘is sui sios.” (come in and sit down.)
“I’m Gerry Bonner from the Donegal Republican.” He looked around him taking everything in. It was strange, I didn’t feel ashamed anymore about the house. If someone wanted to judge me on material things or the lack of them, then that was more of a reflection on themselves, than it was of me. I didn’t make the observation smugly but with a sense of freedom from responsibility for other people’s expectations of me.
All the panic of a few minutes ago, evaporated. I knew I would say the right thing. We both studied each other curiously. He, because he had some pre-conceived notion of what I would be like and I, because he was an adversary with whom I would have to tread very carefully, around.
However he appeared unpretentious and there was a glimmer of realism about him, a practical man. At first he just asked general questions, I suppose to put me at my ease. When I had placed a mug of hot tea in front of him the interview began in earnest. He told me he had seen the play and had found it very entertaining. I responded, “I know. I read your review.”
“Tell me, Treasa, is it OK if I call you that?” I nodded. “Tell me what made you decide to write this play?”
“It was really for fun. When women get together they spend a lot of their time talking about men. The stories I have heard about men from other women and about women from men, are so irreconcilable as to be the height of comedy! It was primarily to show the completely different perspectives by which men and women view each other from, and to inject as much humour into this paradoxical comedy.”
“Do you think then, that this play typifies how men and women in Irish Society relate to each other?”
“It can. However it doesn’t have to be. It’s what happens when men and women don’t talk to each other, I mean really talk, to each other.”
“Do you consider it to be biased, in any way?”
“Of course it’s biased! It’s a subjective viewpoint and yes there is more weight given to women’s considerations but then I am a woman! I think men have had and still do, plenty of champions for their own defence! They certainly have more accessible forums to give their point of view, than women do!”
“Would you be making an allusion to the ejection of your play by Father Damien on the grounds that it was, eh, anti-Catholic?” I paused for a moment, my answer to this question could not be spontaneous.
“Father Damien did not do this community a service by prohibiting the play. I think it was poor judgement on his part. The people of Glenbeg are very capable of discerning for themselves on the merits or lack of them, in my humble little play.”
“Why do you think your play hit such a nerve, in this community?”
“I was taken aback myself, by the controversy it stirred up. The issues raised are ones that I and women that I know, talk about often. It seems to me that the anger came perhaps from those who had repressed their emotions before, or simply thought their viewpoint was a minority viewpoint and so had never articulated their thoughts. When they did discuss them, all the pent up frustration came out as anger at what they believed to be injustices.
Mr. Bonner looked at me appreciatively, and asked as an aside, “Were you ever interviewed before?” 
“No.” I answered with a certain amount of satisfaction
“Well, I don’t have too many more questions for you. Just the business about the horse.” I stiffened. This was getting personal now. I particularly didn’t like the offhand manner he used to refer to my beloved Cara. He looked up surprised and immediately realised his mistake because he tried to recover himself in the next sentence
“Is it true that someone came on your property Saturday the 29th of March and shot your  horse Cara, I believe her name was, dead?”
“Yes, that was her name and yes someone did kill her.”
“Do you have any idea why anyone would do this?” The anger swelled suddenly in my breast! Maybe it was the casual way he had referred to Cara, after all it was only a horse! I realised there were very few people who would know the loss I felt and that made me mad! Someone did this to me and very few people would have any idea how it hurt! This made the crime worse because it somehow trivialised Cara
“I don’t think my horse would be buried out there, with a bullet in her head, if it were not for the fact that Father Damien had made a veiled threat which was all the encouragement certain easily influenced individuals would need, to go out and do this type of cowardly act. All in the name of God!” Mr. Bonner lifted his head quickly and looked at me in surprise
“Are you saying you blame Father Damien indirectly for this act?”
“Absolutely! He created a climate of hostility towards me and this is the result!” As soon as I had said it, I knew it was a mistake. Not because I didn’t believe it, but because it would involve others in what was essentially a difference between me and the good Father. I rose indicating that I would like to end the interview. Mr. Bonner rose also and thanked me for my time
“I feel I should warn you this affair may attract more interest than you are perhaps prepared for. For my part, you needn’t worry. But there are many others that could do you a lot of harm. Perhaps more than what you’ve already suffered indirectly as you point out, at the hands of Father Damien. Be careful who you talk to.”
When he reached the door, he stood for a moment as though he would say something more. Then he mentally shrugged, half-smiled and said, “Good-luck, Treasa.”
When he left I breathed a sigh of relief. But somehow I felt I could trust him and not just because he said I could. I saw something in his face that I trusted. Is there such a thing as an honest face? I think so. Well time would tell.
What had he meant? It would attract more attention than I was prepared for? Me and my big mouth anyway! Why did I have to go and denounce Father Damien? I hadn’t meant to! A lot of good that would do, to stir things up some more. And all I wanted was for things to return to normal!
Aisling showed up at three like she said she would, with Ann, her youngest
“I didn’t want to land the three of them on Mom so I brought this one with me.” She said, pointing at Ann. “Well? How did it go?” I was swinging Ann in my arms, talking to her
“Who’s getting to be a big baby now!”
“Oh for heaven’s sake! Put her down and tell me what happened, before I burst!”
“Do you know something? You’re beginning to get as bad as Sarah!” I said laughing. I knew I was driving her crazy, but I was enjoying it!
“Come on Ann, let’s see if we have anything nice for you here. Let’s see, how about some of Auntie Treasa’s famous scones!”
“If you don’t sit down now and tell me immediately what happened, I’m going to leave right this minute, and take Ann with me!” I threw my hands up in mock surrender and said
“OK, OK! If you really must know, I made a hames of it.”
“You didn’t! Why? What happened? What did he ask you? Maybe you only think you did?”
“No. I definitely did. I was doing alright until he asked me did I know why anyone would want to hurt “the horse”. I don’t know, maybe it was the offhand way he referred to Cara but I just got angry and…I blamed Father Damien!”
“Uh oh! Oh, my, goodness! There’ll be hellfire and brimstone next Sunday at Mass! You just set a fire under that overstuffed walrus and given Glenbeg something to talk about for the next ten years!”
“I shouldn’t have done it, though. The village is too small to be making accusations like that.”
“Och forget about it! It will all blow over eventually.” The phone rang. Aisling played with Ann while I went to answer it.
Aisling looked up at me in alarm
“What’s the matter? You’ve gone white as a sheet!”
“That was Dungloe hospital!”
“What’s wrong? Is it Mom or Dad?”
“No! It’s Column! They said he’s alright but he has a few broken ribs and had to get fifteen stitches over his eye.”
“Why? What happened to him?”
“He was in a fight!”
“A fight? Column? You must be joking?” I turned to her and grabbing her hands asked urgently if she could drive me into Dungloe. She jumped up quickly answering, “Of course! Let me just run Ann over to Mom first. I’ll be right back.”
A couple of hours later we were at the hospital. Column was in a private ward and there was a Guard standing outside his room talking to a Doctor, as a nurse escorted us to his room. I walked up to them and asked what was going on. I was in a state of confusion and anxiety. The Guard opened the door of the room and said we could talk a little later after I had spoken to my husband. Aisling squeezed my arm and told me to go in by myself.
The blinds were turned down when I walked into the room. The strong smell of antiseptic assailed my nostrils. The odours of pain and isolation that are part and parcel of hospitals, where so many people suffer alone and often die alone.
I walked cautiously to the bed. He had an I.V. hooked up to his arm. There was a bandage wrapped around his head just above his eyebrow. His left eye was swollen and bruised. His right hand had a bandage with a splint around the thumb. He looked terrible! I inched closer trying not to make any noise, I didn’t want to disturb him if he was sleeping. However he must have heard me because his one good eye flew open. It looked out at me defensively until it saw who I was and then the eyelid relaxed and the pupil dilated
“What happened to you Column?”
“I sort of…got into a fight.” He looked sheepishly at me, well as sheepishly as one can look in that condition!
“Oh Column! I told you not to do anything silly!” I stopped. This was not the time to launch into a tirade on the stupidity of male aggression. Instead I asked
“Tell me what happened, if it’s not too sore to talk.”
“I knew it was Maurice Devlin.” He began. “He’s always been a trouble maker. I knew he would be bringing in fish around two o’clock to make the evening delivery for Letterkenny, so I brought the boat home early. Sure enough he was there. He looked at me in surprise and then laughed at me and said
“I would think you’d be working overtime, to buy your wee wife a new horse!” I wanted to kill him! But I kept my head. I said
“I want to talk to you, Man to Man, if you can handle it.” He dropped his tackle and came over to me still jeering
“What is it, Mooney? Can’t take a bit of wife trouble? Maybe now you’ll see what it’s like! That silly Bitch of yours has been stirring up trouble and if she’s getting her comeuppance it’s good enough for her!” Column paused, wincing. I asked him what was the matter, if it hurt to talk. He shook his head and continued
“I had my fist balled about to hit him but I wanted the satisfaction of making him admit that he did it. I said to him, “There’s only two of us here, Devlin! Well? Are you Man enough to tell me? Did you do it?” His face turned ugly and he almost spat at me
“Yes, I did it Mooney and I’d do it again! The trouble with you is you don’t know how to keep your woman in line and because of that, I have to pay?! Only a fool would let his wife run around writing rameis (rubbish) like that! But it’s the rest of us that have to pay the piper!” That’s when I went to hit him! But before I knew it he whipped out a two-by-four seemingly out of nowhere. I suppose he must have had it behind his back and I didn’t notice. He laughed loudly, “Did you think I would let you beat me up again, after the last time?”
I don’t remember a lot after that except that he just kept swinging and laughing. When I woke up I was in here.”
I leaned over and kissed him gently. Even that seemed to hurt him. My heart was bursting with pride. Even though I knew it was stupid to fight. The fact that he did it for me made me melt inside. I stayed with him for a while but I could see he was in pain and wanted to sleep. I left him after he drifted off. I tiptoed quietly out of the room.
“I was wondering Mrs. Mooney, if I could have a few words with you.” This said by a young fella about twenty-five years old. There is something incongruous about discussing something so personal with someone so young and green! Not that I am that much older but I certainly am not green! I looked at him carefully suddenly concerned about what I should say. Could Column get into trouble over this? But then I remembered, it was Column who had been beaten with a two-by-four. I nodded, suddenly angry. Enough is enough! First Cara, now Column? Was Devlin saving me for last? The picture of Column being beaten was before my eyes as I told Guard Casey the story as I knew it.
After he had left, I asked the doctor how long Column would be in Hospital for. The Doctor told me that he had been extremely lucky. The blow that had caught him on the eyebrow, if it had been two inches to the left and caught him in the temple, it would have been a different story. “His ribs are going to be painful for a long time but they are pretty straightforward breaks and will heal nicely. He fractured his thumb and as it’s in his right hand that will affect his ability to manipulate things later. The eye could be a problem. Not to his eyesight but due to the fact he was knocked unconscious, we’ll have to monitor his reactions carefully for concussion. You can plan on him being in here at least two weeks, maybe more maybe less. It depends on how he recovers. But he won’t be able to go out on a boat for at least six weeks.”
Shocked I turned to Aisling, who was standing beside me. It all sounded so ominous! What did they mean by repercussions from the head injury? “Come on Treasa, we’ll go get a cup of tea and have a chat.” With that she dragged me away from the sterile ward and into the welcome hubbub of a café in town. We could have gone into the cafeteria in the Hospital, but Aisling knew I needed to get out of the environment, to recover from the state of shock I was in.
Later she drove me to the dock and we pulled up beside our car which was in the same place that Column had left it. I was there to pick it up and drive it home. Incredibly, Maurice Devlin was sitting in his car when we pulled up
“I can’t believe this! Column is in Hospital and this gobshite is sitting here like nothing has happened!” roared Aisling. As we drove by, he rolled his window down and yelled out, “Do you girls need a ride?! I’d have to take you one at a time though, Treasa there is a bit of a handful, if you know what I mean!” He said winking at us. With that he got out of his car and made off in the direction of the docks, to talk to one of the fishermen.
I told Aisling to stop the car and I got out slowly and deliberately. Aisling told me to get back in the car but her voice seemed so far away. All I could see was Maurice’s leering face in front of me. The man he had been talking to, stepped back a little, in doubt, but the bauld Maurice kept up his soliloquy of slime. It all happened in slow motion or so it seemed to me. My arm came up and I can remember the look of total shock on his face as he realised what I was about to do. But it was too late then. I had already landed a ham fist on his nose which immediately erupted in blood. The trance ended with his muffled grunts and shouts of pain. Satisfied, I turned and walked back to the car.
“Let’s go. We’re finished here” I said to a gaping Aisling as I hopped into my car and we both drove away. Aisling went home and I went back to the Hospital to sit with Column.
The events seemed to roll by thick and fast after that. First there was Guard Rooney who caught up with me at the Hospital. I half expected him to handcuff me and take me away but it was nothing like that at all. He told me that Mrs. Devlin had come in to see him on Monday implicating her husband in the shooting of Cara. When he went out to their house, he found the rifle in the barn with residue still fresh on the barrel. He also found old army boots that had fresh brown mud caked to them, similar to the mud from the damp spot in the field just feet from where Cara was shot. That, with other information Mrs. Devlin supplied made a convincing case against Maurice Devlin. After delivering his summary, he paused and asked if I was going to press charges for the assault also. I told him that would be Column’s decision. He tipped his hat to me and took off.
The following day, Mr. Bonner’s article appeared in the Donegal Republican. Fair play to Mr. Bonner, he didn’t try to twist anything for cheap gain and in fact suppressed the one thing that could have caused more trouble. I felt relieved and grateful to him for that.

The Drama continues in Glenbeg
By Gerard Bonner
What started out as a simple endeavour to while away the long winter months, for a small community has taken a dark turn. You may recall I did a review of a little play produced by a local group, titled, “What’s Love got to do with it?” In the review I remarked how the drama surrounding the play was almost as intriguing as the play itself. Well, what started out as a fun project took an unfortunate turn over the weekend. The Author of the play, Ms Gallagher, was the victim of a cruel reprisal of sorts by some unbalanced individual who chose to use violence to express his hostility to the play. This is always the chosen mode of the truly dastardly and cowardly. When Ms. Gallagher arrived home after a showing of the play which was moved to Knocknafearr due to censorship by the pastor of Glenbeg Father Damien, she found that someone had shot her beloved horse through the head. It is clear to see the courage it took to walk up to a gentle mare who seemingly stood obligingly waiting, but instead of the anticipated kind word or pat on the forehead, she felt the bite of a cold steel bullet.
Ms. Gallagher was kind enough to grant me an interview. I asked her to tell me what caused her to write on the subject of the differences between the sexes. She replied simply that it seemed natural since many women spend most of their time talking about it. She felt that there was a lot of humour to be mined out of the paradoxical perspectives with which men and women view similar events, and especially how they view one another. When asked if she thought the play was biased, she smiled and said, “Of course! As author I get to have the majority view! It’s one of the perks of the job!” However, she went on to make a very fair point that since a woman’s view is so rarely portrayed in the arts which are male dominated for the most part, she felt under no obligation to achieve a balance between the two views.
When asked about Father Damien’s role in banishing it from the stage in Glenbeg, she paused before replying that the people of Glenbeg were mature enough to do their own censoring.
Lastly I asked her about why she thought it had hit such a raw nerve with the people of Glenbeg. She considered this for a moment before responding, “It seems to me that the anger came perhaps from those who had repressed their emotions before, or simply thought they were in a minority and so never articulated them to anyone. The play provided a platform to talk about these issues buried deep within them and some of it came out in anger. They found a voice and used it to proclaim their dissatisfaction with the status quo.”
It is a sad reflection on an individual that resorts to violence against a woman because that person could not, or would not deal with some truth inherently exposed. This reporter hopes that Ms. Gallagher will not be deterred from the path she has set for herself. The proof of the merit of her work does not lie in the words of sometimes jaded critics, but in her ability to touch the worlds of others and make them see things differently, from another perspective. This is a past-time rapidly dying out in our age of instant gratification TV and is truly the reposit of the stage.
After reading the column I felt tired. I just wanted to be left alone now. I told Aisling if they wanted they could go ahead with this the last weekend of the play but also if they wanted to pack it in, they could. She said they had been talking about it and felt they had an obligation to finish, if only to make a point
“Besides, everyone keeps asking us if we’re going to put it on. The interest is phenomenal! It has gotten so much publicity! That guy from the paper really got everyone’s interest going.”
“Yeah well, the price was a bit high, wasn’t it?” I sighed
“I’m sorry. That was pretty insensitive of me.”
“Forget it. Listen, tell me, when are Maeve and Shane going back?”
“We haven’t seen too much of them, really. They’ve been gallivanting all over the county going from one historical site to the next. I never knew there was so much to see in Donegal! It’s a bit deflating to have a visitor come over to your own back yard and tell you about all the wonderful archaeological sites there are and how well preserved they are, especially when you had no idea they even existed!” she said chagrined.
“Listen, I’ll meet you all on Saturday night after the play. Closing hours at the Hospital are ten o’clock so I’ll make it in time to see the end of the play. Tell me, did Maeve and Shane see it yet?”
“No actually. They said they were leaving Saturday night so that they could catch a show. Considering their agenda, that’s a big concession. Maeve is dying to see it. She said that’s why she came over. She didn’t trust us to keep it going long enough for her to see it in the summer. Well, she got that part right!”
Saturday came and Column was in much better shape. Luckily there were no complications arising from the blow to his head. He joked about it, “My mother always said the Mooney’s were thick-headed! I suppose this just proves she was right all along!” He grinned broadly at me. His ribs still gave him a lot of pain though not as bad as those first few days.
I told him of my encounter with Maurice out of fear he’d hear it from Guard Rooney first. Well, he was laughing so hard he was crying. One of the nurses hearing the ruckus came in to investigate only to find him doubled up laughing and then crying from the pain of laughing! She chased me out of the room, scolding me all the while. I must say I was a little indignant. After all, it was no laughing matter. Not only did I get a bad bruise for my trouble but look at the shape he left poor Column in? When I was let back in the room I quickly reminded him he was in no shape to be laughing at Maurice Devlin. Trying to look contrite, he feigned gravity and asked, “Are you telling me, you went up to Maurice Devlin and POW! Hit him right smack in the gob?!”
“Oh! You don’t think I could be charged, do you?” I asked panic-stricken
“I’m only joking you! Maurice is a low down coward and cowards have the most to prove. He would never admit that a woman had hit him and given him a bloody nose! I wouldn’t be a bit surprised if he didn’t bribe that fella, whoever it was, not to open his mouth about it. He’s probably dying, thinking you’ll tell everyone! Just think! I went round there to do what you did so beautifully! And it is much harder for him to take from you than it would have been to take from me! Do you know? I would gladly take another broken rib just to have seen that!”
“You’re sick, do you know that!” I smiled at him shaking my head in mock disapproval. I asked him, “Are you going to press charges for the assault?”
“Naw, you paid him back well enough, I think! All we have to do is let Glenbeg know about it and he’ll never hold his head up again.”
“What about Cara?” I asked quietly
“That’s your decision. We can prove it. It’s up to you. Whatever you decide, I’ll stand by you.”
“I’ll have to think about it.”
After visitors were all chased from the Hospital, I headed for Knocknafearr. It was about half past ten when I got there. There was no parking to be found anywhere near the hall. Paul was standing at the back door and let me in
“How’re ya, Treasa. How’s Column doing? I tell you, me and the boys were getting ready to put some manners on that bollix…but, you kinda beat us to it! More power to you! Eoin O’Neill was telling us how you whacked him! Complete with demonstration! There he was with his fist in the air, when who walked into the pub but Maurice!! With a big Band-Aid on his nose, which also looked a little bigger than usual! Well, the roar of laughing that went up out of us nearly took the roof of the pub! I think we put him off his pint because he only took one sup of it and left. He got the message. A man like that is not welcome among us.”
“Maybe he’ll learn something. I doubt it though. Anyway, how’s the play going tonight? It looks pretty packed.”
“Packed? It’s wall to wall! I had to turn some people away! Wait, I think that’s the final curtain now.” He peeked around the corner and sure enough the crowd were giving applause
“You really got a winner there, Treasa! You should be very proud of yourself!”
“Yeah, well I could do without the growing pains.”
“Oh that’s just small towns for ye. But that’s all behind you now. When you come out with the next one, it’ll be much easier.”
“Don’t hold your breath! Listen, I’m going to go up to them now. You’re coming out with us for a drink aren’t you?”
“Of course I am! I have to escort Hollywood Sarah up there, you know! Talk about getting too big for your britches? A little fame does her no good at all! I’m going to have to put her in hibernation or something, to get her back to normal, whatever that is!” he said with a grin.
I walked up the side aisle or I should say I tried to walk up the side aisle! The journey was made difficult because I was going against the flow. Slowly but surely I made it! Maeve and Shane were in the back with the rest of them. Maeve was talking animatedly to Deirdre, Sarah and Aisling. Shane was standing to the side of the group, talking to Fintan. When they saw me they stopped and Fintan touching me gently on the arm, said quietly
“Sorry for your troubles, Treasa. I hear Column is doing well, but poor Cara. No-one can bring her back. Still, I liked the way you handled that scour-Devlin! A more perfect retribution could not have been handed out by the highest court in the land! To be humiliated in front of one of the boy’s, and by a woman! Well that will sour his stomach for a long time to come! Good on you!” With that he gave my arm a squeeze and smiled warmly. I smiled slyly at him and asked
“Are you implying that because I’m a mere woman, the insult was greater?”
“That’s exactly what I’m implying! But hey, don’t get me wrong!” he threw his arms defensively in the air. “It was the highest form of insult to Maurice, because he’s a chauvinist to begin with. Not an enlightened individual…like me for example!”
“OK. I’ll accept that!” I turned to Shane and asked him how he was enjoying his visit to Ireland
“Very interesting. There’s a lot more happening here than in the sleepy town I left back in Georgia!”
“It’s not normally this, energised!” Maeve caught sight of me and turned round to face me.
“The play was great! I loved it! How could you have kept such talent hidden from us for so long!” Sarah came up to us and told us we were wasting time. “We’re going to Sharkeys down the street. We reserved a party room, Treasa. Did Aisling tell you?”
“She said something about it a few days ago, but I wasn’t paying much attention.”
“Well, we thought since our last night is tomorrow and that’s a Sunday, nobody would want to go out, so we’d have the party tonight, instead.’
“Great idea! Whose idea was it, no, let me guess! Sarah?!”
“Actually no! It was Fintan’s idea, he’s going to get Deirdre drunk and take advantage of her!” Deirdre let out a highly indignant snort and Fintan sighed in the background! He said, “Let me tell you that’s a lot harder than you might think! I’ve been trying for ages and no luck yet!” Deirdre made a swipe at him but he ducked, nimbly
“The course of true love is indeed a painful path, but I draw the line at physical impairment! Are you one of those men abusers, Deirdre?” With mock hauteur she replied
“Not at all. I wouldn’t dream of abusing real men, but how did we get onto that subject?” Fintan winced, “See that? No mercy! She’s heartless!”
“Come on! We’re missing our own party.” Sarah yelled as she ushered us out the door.
Sharkeys had a very pleasant room set aside for reservations. There was a small turf fire glowing in the grate in between two big windows which were covered with heavy damask drapes right now. The bar was on the opposite wall and there were tables along the side wall laden with buffet food. On the bar was a huge bottle of French champagne!
“Where did that come from?” Aisling pointed to the bottle on the bar, which was about three feet high! Nobody seemed to know, even the bartender! He went in the back and came out a few minutes later with a card in his hand. “Is there anyone called Treasa Ni Ghallchoir here?” I went up wondering who it could be from. Sarah was at my elbow, “Come on Treasa, you’re killing me! Who is it from?”
“Oh, shut up Sarah! Give her a chance to find out!” Aisling poked her good naturedly. They all crowded around me as I opened the envelope. It was from Column! They all let out a roar of appreciation!
“What a sport!”
“Och, God love him! The poor fella stuck in bed and us all having a good time!” I was very touched.
The party got under way. The conversation went back to the beginning. Where it all started from and followed the progression of developments along the way. Maeve was amazed. “You know, you all seem so different. I don’t know what it is exactly. But something is different about all of you.” Maeve said pensively
“Well, I feel different!” Sarah exclaimed with a grin
“You don’t have to tell me!” Paul let out an exasperated grunt. “You’re getting so grand, you don’t want to do anything around the house anymore!”
Sarah retorted with a snort, “That’s called emancipation!”
“That’s nice! If we all went around acting like Daniel O’Connel who’d do the work?”
“That was Catholic emancipation, I’m talking about women’s emancipation!”
“Hey, don’t tell me the cast is going to get into a battle of the sexes now, after starting a war in the village!” Everyone was laughing and bantering easily, with one another. The crack was mighty! Out of the corner of my eye I saw the bartender heading in my direction. Not another bottle of Champagne surely! He had a message that someone wanted to speak to me at the door. I followed him trying to think who it could be. When I got there my heart stopped. I thought I was going to faint! There was a camera crew from RTE outside on the street. I saw the lettering on the side of the camera and I recognised Una Finnegan who hosts the new successful program, “News and views from around the country”. It airs after the international news on Sunday nights. It features new trends in music, books, art and theatre and scours the countryside looking for new and interesting talent. Many of the people featured on the program quickly become household names afterward.
I must have been speechless because after an initial pause Ms. Finnegan asked me if she could come in and talk to us for a little while. She waited for a moment but as nothing was forthcoming from me because I was still in a state of shock, she apologised for not contacting me earlier but explained that she was only tipped off about us, very recently and in fact just made it in time for the play.
“I would like to do a segment on your situation for my show tomorrow night. So you can see it was a rush to get here. As I have to go back to Dublin tonight, I won’t use up too much of your time.” I was very apprehensive at first. I didn’t want any more controversy. I wanted peace and quiet now
“But why are you interested in this play?” I asked her
“Apart from the obvious drama that has been created outside of the play, there is a real feminist issue here, that I know will be of interest to at least half my viewers!” She said with a smile. I hesitated. What could I be getting myself into here? But the offer was so seductive! The thought that RTE was interested in doing a feature on me because of something I wrote! I couldn’t say no! To deny that I liked to see so many hear and discuss the play would be a lie. “I tell you what. Give me a minute to see what my friends say. If they agree, then it’s OK with me. There’s just one thing, I will not discuss the personal aspects such as the shooting of my horse, or the injury to my husband, and I don’t want to be asked about it on camera.” I studied her face for an honest response. She looked me in the eye and replied, “Obviously, it will be mentioned in the report but I don’t have to ask you about it on camera. How’s that?”
“Fair enough. Give me a minute.” Going back inside, Aisling looked up at me, expectantly. I clapped my hands to get everyone’s attention in order to be heard over the din. “Listen! You’re not going to believe who’s outside that door and wants to interview us!” Sarah groaned, “Not that wee fella from the Donegal Republican again?”
“Oh no! Think bigger than that!” They all sat up straight and put their glasses down and a hush came over them
“Well? Are you going to tell us?”
“RTE!”
“Arrah cac bo! (vernacular of bullshit) Treasa!” Kitty said waving her hand dismissively
“If you don’t believe me look out the window! And you don’t have all day to make up your minds. These are busy people and they have to go back to Dublin tonight to work on our interview for tomorrow’s instalment of “news and views from around the country”!
Sarah had already pulled back the curtain at the first mention of RTE and she was squealing in the background, “They’re here! They’re here! She’s right! She’s right!”
“You’re kidding!” Shane who was sitting next to the window also looked out and said, “I think she’s telling the truth! You better listen to the little lady!” I chuckled to myself, “that’s the first time I’ve ever been referred to as “little”!” Now everyone was scrambling to the window to see for themselves. The RTE vans with personnel were all clearly visible.
“For heaven’s sake! Will you quit! You’re making a holy show of us in front of these Jackeens!” Kitty said, doing her best to see out the window herself!
“Come on! What am I going to tell them?” I asked impatiently. Everyone was dumbfounded so Shane took the initiative and said, “Bring ‘em on! Let’s show Ireland what you’re made of here in Donegal!” Easy for you to say, I thought to myself. You’re going home at the end of the week to America! There might be a few more on that boat if this doesn’t go well!
Everyone started talking at once. “On TV? Mammy would never get over it!” Fionnuala beamed. “Never mind your Mammy! I’ll never get over it!” Sarah enthused. “My one chance of fame!”
“God help me! Just when I thought it couldn’t get any worse! There’ll be no living with her after this!” Paul moaned.
It took the crew about twenty minutes to get set up. Or I should say to get us set up. It was very informal. Una had a great way of making everyone feel at ease. She was very easy to talk to. We felt like she was one of us, and not a national celebrity. When she left after about an hour, we felt dazed. Nuala asked, “Did we really just get interviewed for TV or did I just dream this whole thing up?!” That’s how we all felt. “If we’ve had a mass hallucination we won’t be on TV tomorrow night will we?” Aisling said with a grin. As the thought sank in the girls began squealing with excitement!
“My goodness! On TV! We’ll be the talk of the town!” Deirdre exclaimed breathlessly. Fintan piped in, “Sure, that’s the problem. We’re already the talk of the town, now we’ll be the talk of the country!” There followed several hours of animated discussion. Finally it was time to leave. It was two o’clock in the morning. Good job it wasn’t left to Sunday night for the party or there would be nobody at work on Monday morning! I gave Deirdre a ride home. She was quiet for a moment then she said, “You know, in many ways this has been good for me. It was a great distraction from the loneliness after Mammy died. But it’s been more than that. I had been feeling so helpless, like a pawn in Life’s big game. This whole venture has changed me. Maeve is right. It has changed us all, a little, in some way. For me, it has given me a greater sense of my own destiny. You can sit around and wait for things to happen or, you can make them happen! It’s so much easier to sit around and wait for things to happen and if they don’t, you can blame everything else, except yourself. The economy, the government, the small minded community. But, if you take the bull by the horns and try to make things go your way, well just maybe you can succeed! At least if you don’t you can say, you tried.” I listened to her quietly. Nodding my head, I agreed entirely with her. We had done more than just put on a play. We had shaken our complacency with life and it felt good. “Sinead and Helen are coming this week from New York. They’ll be staying at home for a few days but then they are going to come up here. Sinead says she’s got a great idea for a business. I’m ready for great ideas!”
“Oh, that’s terrific news! I’d love to meet them! I’ve heard so much about them! That sounds great! Maybe we’ll all get ideas from each other!” I said
“What do you mean? You’ve found your vocation!” Deirdre said
“No, I wasn’t thinking of myself. I was thinking of Aisling and Sarah.”
When we pulled up in front of Deirdre’s house she asked me, “Where are you going to watch the show tomorrow night?” I paused thinking
“I will probably watch it with Column.” She nodded. “I thought that’s what you’d be doing. We’re all going up to Friels to watch it. They have a nice big screen TV there and no-one is around at seven o’clock on a Sunday night. I’ll call you when you get home from Hospital. The play is going to be running a little late tomorrow night, I think!”
The next day was a quiet one for me. I pottered around the garden. What a pleasure it was now! I had made a vegetable plot on the right side of the house where it was offered some shelter from the west wind. The bulbs were ready to go in now that it was early April. I pictured what the irises, montebretias and hybrid lilies would look like when they eventually made the dark journey through the soil into the light. Just thinking about them gave me pleasure.
I planted some hebes, rhododendrons, escallonias and fuchsia shrubs to give structure and background to the flower show they were to complement. Time melted as I became engrossed in details such as deciding which conditions were suitable for which plants. Each plant was like an individual. Placed in one setting they may die, from too little sunlight. In another, it may be too much light. Some are sensitive to drafts, others to soil that is too rich. But each has a medium in which it will flourish, mature and produce flowers and fruit. The trick of gardening is observation. Paying attention to how each plant does in any particular niche and experiment with different niches until bingo, you’ve found what it likes! A lot of people think it’s something mysterious, hence the term, “green thumb”. The truth of the matter is, it simply requires work, attention, the ability to learn from your mistakes, and the necessity of taking some risks when nothing else is working. Anyone can do it. It’s just a matter of how much you want to be bothered.
Before I knew it, it was half four in the afternoon! I would barely have enough time to race into Dungloe! I didn’t have to worry about doing the evening milking because I had arrangements made to free me up for the play these past weekends and now to spend time with Column. I arrived breathless at half past six. Column was sitting up in his bed reading a book
“Thanks a million for the huge bottle of Champagne!” I said pecking him on the cheek. He pretended to make a grab for me and with a wicked grin answered, “That’s all a fella gets from his ever lovin’ wife after he fills her up with the best French Champagne that money can buy?!”
“I can see you’re ready to come home soon!” I said archly
“The nurses here do the best to make a man feel at home, but they have a lot of competition!” he smiled mischievously as he made another attempt to grab me. “Och sure, when you talk like that it’s hard to resist you!” I relented with a grin.
I filled him in on the nights’ happenings. His eyebrows went up when I told him about Una Finnegan. “I hope you won’t be taken away from us here to become big and famous!” he said joking. “If I left here, my ability to write would desert me. It’s Donegal that is my inspiration, the very barren, granite rocks, the heather and wild ferns, the churning sea in a tempest, and the people who reflect the ruggedness of the country in their stoicism. No. You don’t ever have to worry on that score.” I smiled. He squeezed my hand
“Look, it’s almost seven!’ He said suddenly, “Turn on the telly. Make yourself useful for heaven’s sake!”
“Yessir, Right away Sir! Three bags full Sir! Anything else Sir?”
“Why yes there is Private, but it’s a little private, Private? If you know what I mean. So maybe we’ll put that on hold. Eh, unfortunate choice of words but you see where I’m coming from? Eh, another unfortunate choice of words. Oh sit down woman and stop distracting me!” With that I pulled my chair up to the bed and we turned on the TV with eager anticipation.
There she was! Una Finnegan standing outside the hall in Knocknafearr. It must have been before the play because everyone was going in. The looks on the faces were comical. They were dying to look at the TV crew but typical of many small country places, they wouldn’t let it be seen that they were impressed by anything foreign!
Una gave a brief review of the play along similar lines as Gerard Bonner and then a brief description of its reception over the course of its run. Next came the interview! Oh, it is embarrassing to see yourself on the screen! It’s funny how everyone else looks normal but you feel you look like something dragged out of the bog! Vanity? I don’t think so! Just shock! We’re not used to being confronted with a holistic view of ourselves. Photographs after all, are only two dimensional. They certainly don’t prepare you for your own image, talking, laughing and moving.
The door opened and Mary Boyd popped her head around it. I knew her through Sarah, when she used to work in the Hospital
“Do you know, you’re on TV?!” She was beside herself with excitement
“Everybody’s got the channel on! We can’t believe it! You’re both celebrities! Well listen, I’d like to chat but I have to get back to see the rest of it!” Column and I looked at each other when the door closed and burst out laughing! Only the sound of Aisling’s voice got our attention and we tuned in to hear the rest of the show.
The camera swung on each of the girls as they described their role in bringing the play to stage. Finally it caught me in its lens
“There are many interpretations of the true meaning of this play. Some see it as radical feminism in sheep’s clothing. Others see it as a light harmless comedy. Still some others see it as a subtle forum for attacking the Catholic Church. What do you think the message of your play is, Treasa?”
“It is simply a parody of human nature. Without trying to seem philosophical, I don’t see either main characters as right or wrong. It may seem like the female has all the answers but that’s not true. There is a mystery to life and it doesn’t come with a neat little formula for us to plug into. We have to start with the first mystery, ourselves. Each person must understand themselves first, what they want, what makes them happy. That has to come first before a relationship is to succeed. Then there must be effective communication, so that they can understand each other.” Column turned to me and smiled, “You’re well fit for them!”
After the interview, came the part about Cara.
“Amazing as it seems, this apparently light and humorous play has been the cause of some desperate acts. Only last week Ms. Gallagher’s horse, was shot and killed, at close range in the field where it was grazing behind her home, where she lives with her husband Column Mooney, in Glenbeg. The motive behind the attack, many believe is an angry reaction to the play, by someone local.
The word of mouth is, this act was committed by a man outraged at his wife’s new found independence. This new attitude, it would seem, evolved after having been to see, “What’s Love got to do with it.” The man in question holds the author of the play responsible for his present marital problems. Still further events have transpired, the complete details of which again are hearsay. The author’s husband, Column was found unconscious on the docks, apparently the victim of a vicious beating. He is now recovering in Dungloe Hospital, with multiple broken ribs, broken thumb and severe blow to the head which luckily did not develop into concussion.
Whether the two incidents are related is yet to be seen. Still another riddle can be added to this saga. The chief suspect in both attacks, the un-named man, a local fisherman, is now sporting a very broken nose! Many say given to him by…a woman, no less! It can certainly be said of these parts, that life is surely not dull!
I think we may be hearing from Ms. Gallagher in the future, if she can survive the current violence swirling around her. From the people I spoke to, there seems to be a great deal of respect for her and the rest of the cast who took part in this endeavour. I got the distinct impression that Glenbeg does not tolerate and will not tolerate, such acts against one of their own, just because she dares to be different.
On that note, let me sign off for to-night! This has been Una Finnegan, coming to you from Glenbeg, County Donegal.”
“Whew! That was some segment!” Column was impressed
“Life is going to seem very boring after all this excitement! Tell me did you come to a decision about Maurice? Are you going to file charges?”
“No. I had my satisfaction. He is going to pay far more than anything a judge could lay on him. Besides, there’s his wife and kids to think about. We all make mistakes. I can attest to that! If I can’t forgive him, how can I expect to be forgiven?”
“I’m glad you feel that way. There’s nothing worse than to allow grudges to eat away at you. Besides, the worst thing that can happen to a drinking man is to be made unwelcome in his local pub! And he brought it on himself. I almost feel sorry for him!” I must have darted him a dirty look because he added quickly, “Almost!” with a grin!
Column had only a week to go and he would be able to come home. He was sick and tired of the Hospital. His locker was piled high with fruit and chocolates and of course bottles of Lucozade, the Irish remedy for everything! I have never visited a Hospital yet that I have not come across a bottle of Lucozade sitting on top of every patients’ locker! It is indeed the Irish cure for all ills! Second only to Irish whiskey! There was also a pot of colourful yellow daffodils that I had brought into him. Some people put their faith in the regenerative powers of elixirs. I myself think there is nothing more healing than to gaze at the beauty and splendour of Nature, particularly in the Spring. That’s when the earth is trying to shed the bleakness and dull grey of winter and start the whole process of rebirth once again. There was an added benefit! I could take the daffodils home with me after the flowers were spent, and plant them in the ground, which is why he said, I bought them!
When I got home that night, I had just opened the door when I heard the phone ring. It was Aisling. She was all excited about the news program
“Treasa! I can’t believe we made such a leap in our lives in just two months! What are we going to do when it all blows over?”
That’s exactly what I was thinking. For me, it would be a relief. While I was flattered the play attracted so much attention, it had come at a high price to me personally. I was ready for things to go back to normal. It would be a new normal for me, since the breakthrough between Column and myself. I wanted a return to some peace and calm again
“Will you be coming in to Glenbeg this week?” she asked. I told her I wouldn’t as now that I had finally tackled the garden, I wanted to stay with it. It felt so good to finally have my own plot with deep, rich soil I could steep my fingers into!”
“Oh, that’s right. Mom told me she’s going to give you a hand. She asked me for a ride. Well, I’ll stop in for tea while I’m at it. I’ll have to bring the kids with me, though.”
“Sure, that’s fine. I’ll be glad to see them.” She always apologised when she was obliged to bring little Ann around. I felt it was because of the abortion. She must think I don’t like children. That hurt, but I could hardly blame her for thinking that.
The following day, they drove up about ten o’clock in the morning. I had tea and scones ready for them. Caitlin and Tomas ran around to their hearts content, except for the youngest, Ann, who was too young for that. She was content to sit on Aislings’ knee.
“Well girls, you certainly shook things up in Glenbeg! The whole village is talking about ye. Seems like it’s the only topic of conversation these days!” Mom grumbled cheerfully. I replied that I’d be glad when it all blows over
“Why? It’s the most fun I’ve had in years!” Aisling beamed. “I’m enjoying it almost as much as Sarah! And believe me, that’s saying a lot!” She left after the tea and promised to pick Mom up at three o’clock.
Mom and I went outside where I had already made a start on plantings, the previous day. I filled her in on what I had already done and what I still needed to do. Her knowledge and love of gardening was amazing. They were not “merely” plants to her, but living breathing organisms! When she came across one that had suffered from cold exposure, she gently uprooted it and holding it like you would a small helpless animal, she gently stroked its damaged leaves. “This poor wee thing needs a more sheltered spot, Treasa. You have to always keep an eye out for whatever plants you put in exposed areas, for they can die on you, very fast.”
I learned a lot from our time together. The weak warmth of the spring yellow sun was like golden rain on our blanched skin, which felt grey like the land, after the winter.
We took a break after several hours and had a cup of tea. Inside at the table, I noticed her stirring her cup obviously deep in thought. Something was on her mind.
“What is it Mom? You’re not embarrassed by all the fuss Father Damien made, are you?” She dismissed that idea with a wave of her hand and laughed shortly before becoming quiet again. After a pause she said, “No Treasa. I’m proud of you, of both of you. No. That’s not it. It’s Aisling. I’m worried about her. I think she’s going to have a hard time getting back into her real life. She’s been in another world. An exciting one and I really think she’s going to be very unsettled now that it is all over. It may rob her of her peace of mind.” Listening to her voice my own fears, I couldn’t help wondering had she not already been unsettled even before the project was undertaken. I was worried about her myself. “Sarah’s another one who’s going to be affected. I’m not worried about you, Treasa. You’ve found what you like to do. But what can I do for Aisling? I tried to get her into the gardening but she’s not like you, she has no interest. Oh she like’s a beautiful garden, but she doesn’t like the work that goes with it! Of course if you see gardening as work, you’ve lost the whole point of it anyway.”
“I know what you mean. It’s been in the back of my head too.” We paused, each of us trying to come up with a solution. “All I can say to you is, there’s a get-together next Friday in Deirdre’s. Two of her friends from her time in Galway will be there and Maeve and Shane, Sarah and Paul, Aisling and Noel and myself. I know we’ll be talking about where to go from here. Deirdre is hoping to start some kind of business with these two girls. So we’ll see what happens. Maybe Aisling and Sarah might get some ideas. By the way, what do you think about Maeve’s new boyfriend?” Mom smiled, “You mean about him being Black! Oh it doesn’t matter to me! He’s certainly very handsome, and cultured. It’s funny though! The name Shane O’Neill! A name lifted right from the pages of Irish history and planted on a young Black baby growing up in the southern states of America! Life like’s her little ironies! I always thought the American Black people had a lot in common with the Irish, in their struggle for freedom, and later with prejudice. I just didn’t realise how much blood we also shared! Do you think Maeve is interested enough in him to marry him?”
“Oh yes!” I answered convinced. “She’s definitely in love! She hasn’t said anything to us, but we know Maeve! She has never been interested in anyone much, since I’ve known her. She never bothered with any of the boys from Glenbeg. I don’t think there was anyone special in Dublin either. This is definitely the real thing for her.”
“How do you find people react to them?” I asked. “I haven’t seen them out that much so I don’t know. Do people stare? Do they talk about them a lot?” Mom paused for a moment, then replied, “Well, it’s hard to say because they’re too busy talking about you and your troupe! Och, there was surprise, but he’s so charming that he just won everyone over. I don’t know how it will be when the novelty wears off. Human nature can dwell on differences more than commonalities oftentimes! So you think they would settle here?” I nodded. “But sure what would he do?” Mom asked. “He’s got some plans.” I answered vaguely. “Don’t worry. They’ll find a way!”
“Well, I wish them luck! It’s not that easy to be different in Donegal as you yourself have found out.”
Aisling came shortly after that and picked Mom up
“Alright Treasa, I’ll see you next week. I’ll come up with a few cuttings and I’ll pick up those flower seeds you wanted. OK dear, I’ll see you soon. Tell Column I was asking for him. Cheerio.” Turning to Aisling she said, “Are you set?”
“Yes, I just want a quick word with Treasa about Friday.”
“Alright. I’ll be in the car. Mom walked stiffly across the driveway. The gardening hadn’t helped her arthritis, I could see
“What’s up Aisling?”
“We’ve got to decide what to do with the money!”
“What money?” I asked puzzled
“The ticket money, silly! We have about $6,000 between the tickets and then RTE gave us a nice wee packet for the interview.”
“You must be joking!” I was incredulous!
“$6,000 in just four weeks! It just goes to show people have enough money if you can only find a way to make them spend it!
“Listen Aisling, could you take care of it. I’m kind of busy running in and out of Dungloe every day. Just split it up among everyone. That’s fair. Do you mind?”
“Not at all. It’ll give me something to do. How is the patient anyway?”
“Column? Oh, he’s doing fine. He can’t wait to get out of that Hospital! It’s killing him to be doing nothing all day!”
“I’d better go and not be keeping Mom waiting. Alright. Listen, I’ll see you Friday, right?”
“Yes. Could you pick me up a bottle of wine and I’ll pay you later?”
“Get away with you! We’re rich now and you’re talking about paying me for a bottle of wine? Are ye mad?!”
Column was coming along nicely. His ribs weren’t bothering him as much now. He was eager to get home. “Look, it’s not going to be much fun at home either!” I told him. “The Doctor said you’re not allowed to go fishing for six weeks, you know.”
“Yeah well, by next week it’ll be four weeks because I have been in here for two.” I shook my head adamantly, “You had better listen to me Column Mooney! There’ll be no funny maths here! If I suspect you of trying to weasel your way out of the house and onto your boat, prematurely, I’m going to call Nurse Durham on you!”
“You wouldn’t!”
“Indeed I would!” I smirked. “She told me, “Anytime that fella gives you trouble, you just call me and I’ll straighten him out!”
Nurse Durham was the scourge of the male patients in Dungloe Hospital! Her mission in life it seemed, was to break as many men, in the limited amount of time she had with them, for life. She had pulled me aside a few days earlier and said, “Treasa, I just loved your play! You find so many women go all doe-eyed and weak at the knees over fellas. It’s refreshing to see a woman that’s not a simpering fool! When I see the spoilt pussycats that pass for men, coming through these doors! It’s enough to make me sick!” That was my personal introduction to Nurse Durham! It hadn’t taken Column long to get on the wrong side of her, in fact I’m convinced it’s her mission in life to let no man get on the right side of her!
“That woman isn’t normal, you know!” Column complained. He was certainly right there! Seemingly she had asked him for a urine sample one morning and when he didn’t hop to it, she snapped, “What’s keeping you? Or do you think I have nothing better to do than stand here all day waiting for you?” He was taken aback but recovered enough to snap right back, “If you think I’m going to do anything and you standing there watching me, you can have another think coming!” She marched over to the bed and to his mortification, whipped off the bedclothes saying, “Is there something special about you? Let me tell you Mr. Mooney, you don’t have anything in your pants there that I haven’t seen before! So either co-operate with me or I’ll have to take the matter into my own hands!”
“And you know she stood there looking at me the whole time! I was beetroot with embarrassment! Ah now don’t you start taking the mickey out of me too!’ I couldn’t stop laughing! No matter what he said it seemed to add to his dilemma! Just picturing Column at the mercy of Nurse Durham sent me into spasms of laughing. Needless to say, Column was highly disgusted with my reaction! Definitely not amused!
“I can see I won’t be turning to you for sympathy, in the future!” he grumbled. So now, the mere mention of Nurse Durham’s name was enough to make him pledge eternal good behaviour! God bless that woman!
“I hear you’re all having a big party Friday night?” he said propping himself up carefully on his pillows. I told him what Mom had said to me about Aisling
“She needs something to work towards, like a goal or something. The hard part is finding one. I’m lucky. The Sea means a lot to me. I love what I do. I have great respect for Her and She gives me back more than just a living. I was born to do this. It’s in my blood, my very body and soul. When I’m out on the water, I feel right in myself. It’s a great sense of belonging. A feeling of being where I should be. A feeling of peace. A peace that I can take home with me. Everyone should have that. But for some, it’s much harder to find. Young Sean…understood that. That’s why he wanted to be a fisherman. He didn’t care about money, or holidays or anything like that. The love of the Sea was just in him.” He paused for a moment, his features softening, “If Aisling and Sarah can be straightened out, there’s no better pair for the job than yourself and Deirdre. By the way, did I tell you Maeve and her boyfriend “Shane” dropped in on me?” He emphasized the word “Shane”, with a grin
“Nice Irish fella that!”
“Now don’t be smart!” I retorted primly
“Well come on Treasa! How does an American Black man come up with an Ulster name and mind you not just any Ulster name either!”
“From the deportations by the British in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, of course!”
“Those bauld Irish men must have been busy doing more than cutting sugar cane!”
“Why Column Mooney! I swear you’re mind has not risen above your middle since you landed in this Hospital!”
“Now you know why I’m dying to get out of this Hospital so I can…!” At this point he was pulling me down for a kiss when in walked Nurse Durham
“Well, well, well, Mrs. Mooney! Is that man of yours making a nuisance of himself again? I think you should leave him in here with us a little longer. Let’s say, an extra week? You wouldn’t believe the number of thank-you cards I get from women who tell me how gratified they are at the great improvement they see in their husbands, when they are eventually sent home. They write me all kinds of tributes like,“Oh Nurse Durham, my husband is a changed man since he came home from Hospital! Thank-you for all that you do!” Yes, I’ve house-trained quite a few around here” While she was talking she stuck a thermometer in Column’s mouth, checked his pulse and took his blood pressure in quick efficient succession
“Well you just say the word, anytime.” And with a conspiratorial wink at me, she was gone
“House-trained? Did she say house-trained? What am I? A dog?!That woman takes the cake! If she comes back in here I’ll give her a piece of my mind!”
“Oh what piece would that be? The scared piece?!”
“Och now Treasa! Don’t you start on me too!”
On the way home that evening I fell to thinking. What struck me was the difference in Column since we spoke openly to each other, a few weeks ago. It was like a floodgate of words had been unleashed within him. It wasn’t just with me either. It was as though a mental straight jacket had been unravelled and out stepped a butterfly from the confines of that chrysalis. Did he notice the change in himself? I don’t know. He is so much more relaxed now.


Chapter 18 New Beginnings


Friday night came. I hadn’t seen much of the girls or anyone really, since Column was in hospital. It would be good to relax and chat after all that had passed.
I drove to Deirdre’s arriving about 7pm. There was going to be quite a crowd! Aisling and Noel, Sarah and Paul, Shane and Maeve, Helen, Sinead and myself. I wondered mischievously if the bauld Fintan would be there! We were all waiting for this romance to blossom but Deirdre seemed intent on thwarting our wishes!
I noticed a few cars outside. There was Noel’s red Cortina, and Paul’s blue Toyota. There was another car I didn’t recognize which could be Shane’s rental, and of course Deirdre’s white ford. I pulled in behind the rental and switched the engine off. As I stepped out of the car I was assailed by the sweet scent of lilac! I closed my eyes and for a moment soaked up the delicious fragrance of the heady bouquets.
It was such a beautiful evening! The sun was shedding long shadows while enveloping everything in a rich, golden light. For a brief moment I wanted to take off! I felt an urge to run along the old granite path by the river and hop, skip and jump over the rock strewn waters, revelling in the perfection of this early spring evening. I thought how perfect a long gallop on the long strand would be...on Cara. A cloud overshadowed my thoughts. I pushed them aside. Not now! Now was not the time for such thoughts. I would have plenty of time on my hands for reflection but not tonight. My attention was quickly called back as Deirdre came through the door, calling on me to come inside
“What are standing there for in the driveway? The crack’s inside Treasa! Come on! Everyone is here, except for Shane and Maeve. As I walked in I met Sarah who had to come out and see who had arrived. Nosy thing that she is!
“How’s Column, Treasa? An leanbh bocht! (poor darling) It’ll be hard for him having to take it easy for the next few weeks.”
“Not as hard as it will be for me, listening to him complaining!” I laughed.
We went into the sitting room. There was no fire tonight as it was still very warm out. Enya was playing in the background as I sat down on the couch beside Aisling and Noel. Paul and Sinead and Helen were gathered in the room also. There was a general round of Hello’s and How’re yez. “How’s Column? Poor fella!” Noel asked. “Wasn’t it the wrong one that was put in Hospital? Still, I like the way you handled him Treasa! No doubt about it, you put an end to that bold galoot’s shenanigans! But it’s all been very hard on you, at the same time. Poor Cara. Sure she was like the village mascot! Everyone knew her! Ah sure you’ll get another one soon, won’t you Treasa?” I paused, brought back for a moment. I had to fight the stinging tears that would have loved to fall, but I willed them back. Even though it seemed so long ago because of all that had happened in between. Yes, poor Cara! How I missed her! She taught me so much. She was like a steady rock that helped anchor me through bad times. She taught me so much about patient enduring love. In the end even in her death, she gave me the greatest gift of all. She opened the floodgates that allowed me to come face to face with a dark reality I had buried deep and which was eating away at me and blinding me to the truth about myself. She helped heal me to my very depths and break the barriers that divided myself and Column. Out of the tragedy that night I found redemption. I prayed that God in His goodness would give her a reward for being His instrument in bringing me back. I do believe that God is so good, that any animal we love on earth will be with us in heaven. Just like a loving parent would prepare a child’s room, filling it with everything that child loved, in anticipation of a homecoming, so I believe God will do for us, because He is the best of loving parents! That thought gave me such comfort. I pulled myself from back to the present and looked at Noel gratefully, “Thanks for your kind words. I will eventually get another horse, but not for a while.”
I turned to Sinead and Helen. Deirdre had brought them over earlier in the week to meet me. They are a study in contrasts. Helen is short, red-haired and very bubbly. Sinead is tall and dark, with an easy languid grace. Sinead said, “We’ve heard so much about your play! I’m sorry we didn’t get to see it. Weren’t you great!” Helen added, “And to think you were on RTE!” Sinead arched an eyebrow and looked piteously at Helen but managed to refrain from making a comment
“I think I had more fun writing it and rehearsing it than actually producing it. It seems no matter what you do however innocent, you will end up offending someone! It wasn’t meant to be like that! I just did it for fun.” Sarah and Deirdre entered the room and Sarah handed me a glass of chilled Pinot Grigio, saying
“Listen here to me,” said Sarah emphatically, “this village needs the likes of you to shake it up a bit! And you certainly did a great job of doing just that!” she added with a laugh, “So good in fact, you got national attention! You gave me my five minutes in the sun. I’ll be forever grateful! I can die in peace now!” Paul groaned in the background. Sarah then turned to the two girls and asked
“So, what’s the crack in the Big City?’
“Oh, you mean the Big Apple?” Sinead corrected.
“I don’t know why it’s called the Big Apple anyway! It’s obviously not an apple and it obviously is a City!” Helen opined
“It’s called the Big Apple because it’s like the forbidden fruit of the Bible. Anything and everything, goes.” Sinead elaborated
“Where do you come up with this stuff? Who on earth is going to think about the Bible when they are in New York?” Helen asked incredulously
“My point exactly!” Sinead smiled wickedly.
After this back and forth there was a pause until Sinead and Helen realised they hadn’t answered the question. Helen pushed back her thick curly hair, from her face and proceeded to give us a lively profile of life in New York. She finished with, “…anything goes, at any time, day or night. If you have the money and the energy, New York has the diversion.”
Sinead took over at this point. “If you have a lot of energy to burn, it’s the place to be, but if you like the quiet life, you’ll get run over, literally! Whether on the pavement or in a car. I remember when I had just arrived, being driven around Manhattan and I couldn’t get over the other drivers! They are all lunatics! Say for example, if you were stopped at a traffic light and God forbid, you don’t’ accelerate fast enough when the traffic light turns green you are honked at, shouted at, cursed at and in every language under the sun, because most of the cabs are driven by immigrants with very little English! In fact most of them start with the honking before the light changes just to make sure you’re ready! It’s quite visceral, really. The saving grace is the entertainment! There are so many shows to see, concerts, plays and ballets. As long as you have money, you will never be bored.”
I glanced at Sarah and Aisling to see how they were taking this. They were both leaning forward, listening intently. Aisling asked, “What do most of the Irish do out there? Do they all go to these shows?” Helen burst out laughing, “Oh no! Most of the Irish are too fond of listening to themselves, to want to pay to listen to someone else talk! They work hard and then they go out and spend their money, having a good time in the pub with their friends. They really just do the same things people do everywhere.” Sarah murmured, “Not everywhere.” Sinead’s face became serious as she said, “It’s not all the fun and games it’s cracked up to be, you know. Sure, there’s a lot to do and it can be very exciting but it also can be lonely as hell. A lot of the Irish I’ve met spend most of their time going to the pubs, for company, to be able to talk to other Irish people about Ireland and the latest news from there. There are many who are so homesick that they end up drinking too much, too often. A lot of the Irish I met there don’t want to be there but they have no option. There’s no work in Ireland and there is work there. Their bodies may be in New York but their hearts never left Ireland. They collect in groups all over the city. The Bronx used to be a hot spot. There is a street called Bainbridge Avenue that could pass for a street in Ireland, not so much because of its architecture, which is definitely American, but for the accents parading up and down the street! There are people from Monaghan, Donegal, and Leitrim. There tends to be more of a concentration of people from the North, centred there. The bars are all Irish owned. The bars make a fortune.
There is another stronghold, a place called Woodlawn, also in the Bronx. It’s a more stable group. It’s located in a suburb type setting and there’s a great mix of age groups. It’s more like a community with lots of Irish families living there as well as the young and single. In fact many of the families rent rooms or apartments to the new immigrants and I think it makes those coming out for the first time feel more at home to be part of a family setting. The crowd are not as wild as the Bainbridge group are.
Then there’s another huge group of young Irish in Queens. But all these groups basically do the same thing and that’s the same thing they would be doing had they never left Ireland. A transformation takes over most people when they arrive in New York. They become very sentimental. Maybe it’s the overwhelming feeling of being insignificant among so many diverse ethnic groups that is the reason they cling to each other. They’re not the only ones, though. The Italians stick together, the Dominicans, the Jews and so on. It’s strange! I remember one of the first times being on the subway and hearing all the different people speaking their own language, I had an impulse to speak Gaelic, unfortunately the only one I had to talk to was Helen!” Helen pouted, “Well, what do you expect? I’m from Derry! They don’t teach Gaelic in English occupied territory!” Sinead shook her head, “You made a right fool of me! All you had to do was say nothing, but no! You had to shout out, “What are you talking about? Would you speak English for heaven’s sake!” in that raucous Derry accent!” Helen responded cheerfully, “If you felt foolish, don’t blame me for it.” Then turning to Sarah and Aisling she continued
“You know more about what’s happening in Ireland when you are over there than you ever would, living here! The Irish papers are sold out before they hit the stands almost! The topics of conversation are Irish politics, emigration laws, Irish music, Irish books, Irish films…you get the picture! There are Irish import stores where you can buy anything from Irish bacon to Irish china!”
“Do you know what I found to be very sad?” Sinead asked. “It’s when girls get married to Americans or Irish Americans and have kids. Suddenly they realise they are now permanent exiles. I know a few girls who did and they’re torn apart. When they were dating, it never entered their mind that the consequences of marrying a native would mean a permanent commitment to stay. Later as life returns to normal, they can’t believe how they have given up their families and friends with such little thought! One woman in particular, Mary Harney stands out in my mind. She said she came to the States as a young woman. She was born and raised on a farm so the excitement of the city was a novelty to her. Then she met a young man and fell in love. Now, ten years later she has four children. They live in a fine big apartment and both work so they are doing well. But she said the homesickness started with the birth of her first child. She said she would have given her right hand to be living at home then, with the freedom to walk the country roads and drop in on relatives and show them her beautiful child. Life in the city is very lonely, she said. “Everyone is so busy, it’s hard to make friends.” She said her husband is very good and they all go as a family to Ireland once a year to see her parents and brothers and sisters. But things change. She told me the last time I was talking to her, “I feel like a permanent outsider. I never really fit in over here and now I feel the same about Ireland. I am caught between two worlds, belonging to neither.” So, don’t be fooled. It’s not all roses for everyone, by any means.”
There was a short silence when Sinead finished as we digested her words. I was amazed! How easy it is to believe that others have it better or easier than you, when the truth is, the only limit to each of us having it better or easier is not circumstances so much, as ourselves and the limits we place on ourselves.
Helen broke the silence. “Has the Irish step dancing made a comeback here? It’s become very popular over there. There are new groups giving it a new look and they have these Irish step dancers that are absolutely fantastic! But it’s not your old fashioned step dancing or maybe it is but with new moves that make it full of as they say over there, “attitude!” You’d get dizzy just watching them!” Aisling turned to Sarah and asked, “Would they be talking about Dan Whalen’s group that wrote the music for Riverdance that performed in the Eurovision last year?”
“Yeah. Wasn’t it a couple of Irish American step dancers that were the lead dancers in Riverdance? They were brilliant! I didn’t think the human body could move so fast! Sure, don’t you remember the dancing craze that started around the country after the Eurovision? Riverdance was such a huge success! I remember there was so much demand for Irish step dance teachers that old Biddie Ned was talked into coming out of retirement because of the excitement and demand for teachers! God love her, she didn’t know that people wanted to do the step dancing with their arms akimbo in the new way. It scandalised her!”
Aisling asked, “What about those coffee shops I hear so much about over there? Deirdre was telling us about them. Are they very popular?” Sinead stretched her long legs out from under her and plumping up a cushion replied, “They are a big thing alright, especially during the week and Saturday nights. A lot of people are going there instead of the pub. Well, it’s a lot cheaper to drink coffee and it doesn’t give you a hangover! Then again you mightn’t want to sleep at all! The de-caf is becoming very popular. There’s always good entertainment as well. They use local talent and visiting groups from Ireland. I don’t think they get paid much’ It’s more like a free form of advertisement for the performers and a great treat for the customers.
The coffee-houses themselves are usually decorated to create a very cosy atmosphere. In some the walls are all lined with photographs, paintings or murals of Ireland which are often very beautiful and certainly give a nostalgic touch. Oh you’ll get the odd Celtic Picasso thrown in there, where you wouldn’t know if the mural or painting you’re looking at is right side up or upside down!
The coffee-houses do a brisk business though, and apart from selling coffee they do sell the artwork as well, except for the murals of course!” As she finished, there was the sound of someone coming in the front door and sure enough Shane and Maeve had arrived. “How’re ye? Are we too late? Sorry, we ran into a traffic jam on the coast road! A farmer moving his sheep. The only problem was, he was using the same road as us and was in no rush! Shane thought it was a howl!” Shane drawled, “We don’t get to see sights like that every day, in Georgia. In fact we don’t get to see sights like that, any day in Georgia! I have never seen anyone as composed as this character was! He had cars backed up a quarter of a mile but he just strolled along after those sheep like he had all the time in the world! I guess he did! But nobody else did! Deadlines and appointments were as foreign to him as they would be to his sheep! He’s a modern day anachronism, well maybe not in this neck of the woods but certainly where I come from! I could really enjoy a beer with a man like that!”
Sarah screwed up her face in concentration for a moment and then suddenly waved her finger in the air in a Eureka moment. Where was this, Maeve? Was it up there by Bloody Foreland? I know who it was! It was Gimpy Gillespie! He had a bad leg, right? That’s him! Ah the oul’ divil! He does that for badness you know! Garda Rooney had to get after him last year and ask him could he not walk his sheep to pasture earlier in the day so as not to tie up the road. Do you know what he said to him?” (I laughed to myself! If anyone knew what Gimpy Gillespie said to Garda Rooney it would be Sarah!)
“Ah sure, they’re like myself, don’t you know. They’re a bit stiff in the mornin’s!”
“Can you believe it? Traffic has to wait ‘cos Gimpy Gillespie and his sheep have a touch of arthritis! Do you know, I think he does if for a bit of attention. As long as he’s causing a traffic jam he knows he’s still alive! It’s probably lonely for him, God love him, since his wife died and come to think of it, he’s only started this business since then!”
The conversation flowed along. Deirdre brought out some lovely sandwiches followed by a delicious strawberry rhubarb tart! “Boy, is this good!” Sarah said appreciatively, “Where did you get this recipe from? Deirdre answered, “This tart is really popular in the States. That’s where I got hooked on it. It’s not bad, huh?” There was a general consensus of agreement.
When everyone had finished, Deirdre cleared her throat and said, “Well folks, I’ve finally decided what I’m going to do, with the help of the girls.” We all looked at her expectantly
“Hydroponics!” She looked around at us with a self-satisfied grin, obviously enjoying the fact that we hadn’t a clue of what she was talking about! “Sinead, Helen and myself have been trying to think of a business venture we could go into, together, and this is it!”
“But what is it?” Sarah wanted to know. Sinead leaned forward and said, “It’s really all about growing plants, in a greenhouse, but there are a few differences. One is, that the plant is not in soil but instead, its roots are bathed in nutrient rich water which is aerated by a pump. This way you can micro manage the nutrition the plant receives.” Sarah interrupted, “You mean like growing plants in a bottle of water?” Helen replied, “There’s a few technical differences but you’ve got the main idea. The best part is, it’s reliable, efficient and the vegetables taste great!”
“I was just going to ask you that. So you would be growing vegetables?” Helen nodded. Sinead had a pained expression on her face while Helen was giving her interpretation of Hydroponics. She said to Helen, “She does not have the right idea and so it seems, neither do you!” Helen brushed her off. “Oh you two scientists can soak yourselves in the details. Remember my job is buck management.”
“Buck what?” Sarah asked with a bewildered look on her face. Deirdre explained, “Sinead and I have the Degrees in Horticulture so we’re going to essentially do that end of it, the growing end, I mean. Helen is going to be the manager, come up with ways to save money, research cost efficiency, promotion, keep the books, etc.’
“Oh I see! That kind of buck management!” Sarah grinned.
“Seems to me Helen, you have the easy part!” Aisling said, smiling
“Easy part my eyeballs! How hard is it to watch a few plants grow? Sure doesn’t nature do it all for you! Whereas me, poor eejit, have to tackle the Irish beaurocratic system and wring a few punts out of them, which is harder to do than growing roses in Siberia!” Shane joined in, “Hiidrowponiks is a big business in the South. However the main cash crop is Marijuana!”
“Isn’t that illegal?” I asked
“Sure is Honey…if you get caught!”
Paul asked, “Girls, any chance of you…” He was stopped by a blow to the ribs delivered by his ever-lovin’ wife Sarah who turned to him saying, “What use would you have for Marijuana? Sure you have trouble enough handling a few pints of Guinness!” Noel chuckled, “Oh let me tell you Paul, she’s going to give you strife now for all the slagging you’ve been giving her these last few weeks!” Paul winked at him and replied boldly, “It was still worth it!”
The questions started flowing. What kind of vegetables? Where would you put the greenhouses? Would it be expensive? Is there a market, after all, people seem to be doing just fine with what’s already available.
The girls were ready for us. They had done their homework. They had spent the last week canvassing restaurants within a fifty mile radius, concentrating on the biggest ones for now. They found they all depended on imported vegetables coming from Dublin and that these, were over-priced and often of poor quality. The selection was often limited as well. The same thing for fresh herbs which they would also be growing. These, were often more valuable to the restaurants than the vegetables because it was hard to get them in fresh enough condition, to be of value.
The reception by the restaurants to the option of a fresh supplier close by, producing all year, top quality and organic vegetables and herbs for less than they were now paying, was enthusiastic. Deirdre said, “We asked each restaurant what their top five choices would be. It was amazing how most of them went for the same vegetables. The top choice was tomatoes, followed by lettuce, green and red bell peppers, snow peas, beans, corn, garlic. The herbs most desired were garlic, basil, rosemary, thyme, cilantro and so on. We could also make our own fresh basil pesto sauce, and mint jellies. All the above mentioned are excellent candidates for Hydroponics with the exception of corn. Eventually we could get into fruit bushes such as blueberry and cranberry. There are many possibilities for expanding with additional herbs, vegetables and fruits.”
Helen told us how she had gone into the labour department of Manpower in Dublin to find out about grants and was stunned to learn that small business ventures in the Gaeltacht areas were slotted to receive hefty grants provided the plans were approved. The Government would give a 40% grant of start-up costs and 20% financing which would be interest free for the first two years of the loan! That’s pretty generous! There are subsidies for easing cost of electrical supply. Tax is also waived until the ratio between net income and expenditure reaches a certain value indicating a profit. This waiver stands for up to three years, the usual time it takes for a business to float or sink.
We were all flabbergasted! It sounded like a terrific idea! But if it was this easy how come it hadn’t been done before? I asked them. “Well, that’s the million dollar question! I can’t tell you! All I can say is, did anyone ever try?”
Vision or madness? But wasn’t there even one mad person in Donegal that could have tried it before? Perhaps it needed a new generation, free of the mental yoke of passivity that is so prevalent in Ireland. The passivity that is acceptance of life as it is Acceptance that the only way to a better world was to leave the only world you love. Maybe passivity was an attribute that was needed to survive occupation and domination by a superior power, in the past. But now its time is over. Now is the time for optimism.
There was a great sense of excitement. Sarah and Aisling were beside themselves and I, of course was thrilled for them as well. I was so happy especially, for Deirdre. I prayed it would work out.
At 1:00am we all decided it was time to leave. As usual the two most reluctant were the Moms! Paul chided Sarah, “Would you look at you sitting there with a glass in your hand and the feet up! You’d think you had no children to go home to, never mind a man to satisfy!”
“Ah now darlin’ does it not tell you something?!”
“Would you listen to that, a man could kill himself for this woman and the only question she’d have is, “What took you so long?!” Heartless, that’s what you are! Heartless, God help me!”
We all said our farewells to Shane and Maeve. They would be leaving the next day for Dublin to fly back to the States. “I’ll be looking forward to seeing ya’all in the summer. I had a fine time here and I’ll have plenty of tall Irish tales to tell when I get home! Ya’ll take care now!” With that Shane gave us each a hug and the men a handshake. He had made a good impression on all of us. It would be a pleasure to see him again in the summer. Each of us took our leave and stepped out into the star-studded night.
Finally the day arrived when Column could leave the Hospital, much to his undisguised delight. He even got bold enough to grab Nurse Durham by the waist and plant a pucker on her cheek! It was less from affection than it was in triumph. She gave him a cool appraising look and commented, “You’ll be back, sometime. I’m not finished with you yet.”! But idle threats could not daunt Column now and the glee with which he shook the Dettol from his heels was a sight to see!
The drive back was mostly in silence as Column was engrossed in taking in every detail of the scenery he had missed so much
“Oh Treasa, it does my heart good to see the sea! Nothing can heal me quicker than the sight of it, not if I was stuck in that Hospital for a year!’
“I hope you’re not entertaining any thoughts of going fishing sooner than the Doctor said?”
“Ah now Treasa, mo chroi (my love), you know these Doctors! Sure they’re only a bunch of auld women! “Don’t do this and don’t do that”! If I was to listen to them I’d never fish again! Then where would we be? Someone has to make the bread while you’re writing your manuscripts!” I searched his face to see what he meant by that but he was grinning at me
“Now wait just one minute here to me, Column Mooney! If I had known that you’d try to pull this on me I would have left you to the mercy of Nurse Durham for the duration. You needn’t think that you’re your own master, yet! You’re under my rule for the next six weeks!” He looked at me in mock surprise, then a slow grin spread over his face, “Good heavens! And I thought that I had escaped the clutches of that woman! Little did I know she trained my very own wife to do her dirty work for her! What will you do Treasa, if I’m bad? Spank me?!”
“You’d never know what I might do!” I replied ominously, as we pulled into the driveway.
Column stepped out gingerly. It was still a little difficult for him to bend and rise. He tried to disguise it. I knew why of course. In case it might be used against him!
It was a beautiful morning! I told him to sit outside on the deckchair and I’d bring him out a cup of tea and a scone. As I made the tea I observed him through the kitchen window. He was walking around stiffly looking at the flowers which had not been there when he went into Hospital a few weeks previously. He paused by the flower beds and studied them for a while and then he went to the north east side of the house, to look at his old love, the sea.
“Tea’s ready!” I called. He was standing by the gable looking out to sea, in total self-absorption. I had to walk up to him and gently touch him on the elbow. He started, and looking down at me, put his arm carefully around me and gently pulled me close
“Some people go through life and never learn how to enjoy it. I have always loved the sea but I think I love it even more now for sharing it with you! It is like I see everything with new eyes, your eyes! All the things I had thought were important suddenly seem less so. The one thing that means the most to me, though I didn’t realise how much and I nearly lost, is you. He turned and looked at me. His eyes were glistening with emotion
“Life is pretty amazing, isn’t it? Yet we can take it so much for granted!”
He paused, he inhaled slowly, the fresh, salt laden air and continued, “It’s like a veil has lifted and I see how extraordinary the ordinary is. The roll of the sea, the cry of the sea-gulls as they wheel in time-worn circles on the wind. Even the sound of the gravel crunching under my feet, means something. It means I’m alive!” He shook his head in bewilderment, “Treasa, if my father was alive today and heard me talking like this, well, let’s say he’d think I was touched in the head! He might be right too! But if I am, I never want to change!” I looked at him in amazement! Never had we been more in tune than at this moment. It brought an image to my mind, from some forgotten memory, a haunting dream perhaps from long ago. The image had been so vivid and beautiful but I had forgotten it until now.
I was sitting by a waterfall, which was surrounded by tall oak trees. The rock face jutted out forming an inverted semi-circle and the pool of water below the fall completed the ring. The rock-face was covered in moss and here and there, springy ferns clung majestically to their airy kingdoms. The scene was filled with a peace. It was idyllic. The sun filtering in through the leaves and the sound of the water lulled me into a sweet, trance-like state. I watched the water cascading down. I took in all its aspects. The rush and tumult near the centre. The cool spray which preceded it, and the spherical mercurial blobs that wrung free only to plop to the chaos below. My gaze moved from the centre out. Here residual water flowed down the mossy face in long drips. These silvery lines flowed parallel to each other on their downward descent. As I watched, a sudden burst of water momentarily flung itself over the edge, causing two previously isolated strands to merge as one, stronger flow, moving downwards to their mutual destination. But as suddenly as it happened it stopped and they became single strands again.
“We are like those lone strands” I mused, “flowing through time, to our destination. We rush to our union with our source. By forming a union on the way we experience the absence of loneliness, in one shared heart! For most people that’s what sex is. An escape from the chill of exile into the warmth of union. But it’s so transitory. Yet, there is another level, where a union is forged, and its strength depends on the commitment given by the separate strands which lose themselves to become one.” For Column and I, our threads of time had united and parted before, but this time, it would be different.
We had been standing in silence looking at each other. It was a recognition of something new. We both saw it, felt it. We were one. There was no need for more words as we rested in each other.
I felt him shift weight. I knew his ribs were aching. I tugged him gently. “Come and sit down before the tea gets cold.”
“Ah you’re a great woman, no matter what they say about you!” he bantered in a phony brogue.
It was a little over a week since the national broadcast and I was getting a steady flow of letters from about Wednesday, on. They ranged from a few anonymous denunciations to signed letters of support, sympathy for my loss and wishing me well going forward. These last being by far the more numerous. There was a letter from G. Birn who wanted to interview me on his Saturday night show that ran every week on RTE. That one went straight into the bin! “No more interviews! It seems that there is no such thing as “just one interview!” As far as I was concerned there was nothing more to say so what could they possibly think they would get from another interview?
I decided to keep the offer to myself because if Sarah ever got wind of it she’d have her bags packed and ready to go in my place! Over the next few days there were many offers for interviews, mostly by feminist magazines. I declined them all. I don’t like to be pigeon-holed. I’m not for “women’s rights”. I’m not against the Church. I’m for human rights whether it be for men, women or children, black, brown or white.
Column was very restless. He’s an active man and not used to being idle. By the middle of the week he had a path worn around the house and on my nerves! On the Friday after getting out of Hospital, he stopped pacing and turning abruptly in his homemade treadmill, said, “That’s it! I can’t take it anymore! We’re going!”
“Where?” I asked, surprised
“Somewhere, anywhere! If I can’t fish I have to get away from here. Let’s take a holiday!” A holiday? We didn’t even do that for our honeymoon! The idea was delightful, but was he serious?
“Well? What do you say? You may never get the chance again!” That could be very true! Oh how exciting it would be to get away for a while! I had never been out of the country before! I had never been on an airplane or heard a different language spoken or first-hand experienced different cultures!
“Where would you want to go?”
“You decide. It has to be out of Ireland and different enough to distract me. That’s all I ask.”
And so we went to Greece! Or more correctly, to a Greek island! A small green dot, part of the Mykonos island chain that stretched from the southern tip of Greece forming an island arc to the shores of Turkey. We booked a villa that very day and flew out from Dublin two days later.
It was glorious! Column relaxed for the first time since he came home from Hospital. It was perfect. Column got all the rest he needed. Our villa was set in a picturesque cove where local fishermen harboured their boats. Column’s interest piqued as soon as the taxi pulled up outside of our accommodation, in sight of the harbour.
The island was a beautiful wild, rocky mountain, set in an azure diamond-studded sea. Every morning Column would get up early, make a cup of instant coffee and walk down to the harbour to talk to the men. They didn’t speak much English and used sign language mostly. However there was one fella that could speak fairly decent English. Once he found out that Column was a fisherman from Ireland he became quite garrulous! He told Column that they didn’t get too many tourists that were fishermen! They were openly curious about Column, from his physical appearance to what type of boat he had, what kind of fish he caught. The sea-lore that people believe in Ireland and so on. Column was in his element! At first they seemed a little sceptical of his story but very quickly shed their disbelief as they became engrossed in the ways of fishing in North West Donegal.
Once they trusted him he was treated like one of themselves. They gave him tours of their boats, they took him out a few times in the wee hours of the morning, to fish with them. Best of all, they gave him advice on how to speed up the healing of his thumb. They gave him a type of seaweed, not unlike carrageen, but it tasted different and told him it was rich in vitamins and minerals essential to repairing damaged bones. So it would not only heal his thumb more quickly but help his ribs as well. He followed their directions on how to prepare it, by making a type of soup with it. He started to take it just as soon as we could make the soup! There was a dramatic difference within just a few days. The redness and swelling, which had not abated up until this, started to recede. By the time we were leaving he had no pain in it and he found he could do some small things he used to be able to do before.
The two fishermen had become fast friends in the short time they had spent together in those early morning hours. They exchanged secrets of their trade, with one another. Column told him of the enormous help that he received on a daily basis, thanks to the software program that hooked him into all the pertinent data a fisherman could want prior to fishing, especially important for safety. This was an issue that was very important to him, since Sean’s death. He never wanted to be responsible for the loss of a man’s life again. At that time, he didn’t have enough good information to make decisions and had to rely on gut instincts. Now, he has an array of information that takes the guessing out of the equation. His new-found friends were amazed at what he told them. The idea that a computer could tell you where and when to fish was almost beyond their comprehension!
Each morning after the boats left for the day, Column and I would have breakfast together in a delightful café a short distance from where we were staying. After breakfast every morning, we would take a walk up the mountain. I had a notebook with me for collecting and pressing the assortment of wild flowers. Some of them were familiar but many were not. The short springy flowers abounded in gay colours, bobbing frivolously on the mountain sides, displaying their beauty to the indifferent eyes of the goats and sheep that roamed freely.
After our walk, we would return, gather our beach things and head for the strand. In the evenings I would ride a horse. I had thought how wonderful it would be to explore the slopes on horseback. I had a great yearning for the freedom that riding gives. After asking around, one of the waitresses in the café we ate in, told us of a neighbour who had a riding horse but that no-one had ridden it in a while. She suggested that he might lease the animal for the duration of my stay. I asked Column if he would mind if I went riding after supper. He was glad to see that my interest in riding had been piqued and encouraged me to take advantage of the opportunity. “It will be a lovely memory for you when we go home, to remember again the joy you had riding carefree over the mountains! Go. I’m just happy that you didn’t let your passion die with Cara. Anyway, I can’t keep up with you! I’m here recuperating! Did anyone tell you that? I’m supposed to take it easy! So go, and give my head peace!”
One morning when he was down at the dock with the fishermen I made my way to the home of the owner of the horse that the waitress had told me about. The home was small and humble and when I knocked on the door an elderly man answered it. He was slightly built and dressed in white as most of the men there are. He had a pleasant face that smiled slightly at me. However there was something in his eyes that caught my attention. There was a wistfulness or something, there. Anyway I stated my case and he nodded his head and said that sometimes he rents his horse to tourists, but only those tourists recommended by the very waitress who had told me about him! As we walked behind the house I saw a small hardy looking animal. It was about fifteen hands high and was pure white. He told me it was a Spanish gaited horse. I had no idea what that was and didn’t’ want to reveal my ignorance by asking. We agreed on a price and next he brought me to a small shed, where the tack was kept. As we chatted he told me that the horse belonged to his son. He had bought it for him because of his son’s great love for horses. He said his son could be seen riding all over the mountain. But when school finished, there was no work and his son had to emigrate in search of work. I looked at him and realised that is what I had seen in his eyes. I realised the pain of emigration doesn’t belong to Ireland alone.
The old man told me how his son loved his horse and even more, a girl from the town. But there would be no life for him here unless he made money and could then return. He told me he went to America. His son said as soon as he made enough money he would return and never leave again. I couldn’t help getting a mental image of the young beautiful girl and the spirited horse, changing over time, gradually aging, fading and losing hope as the son’s fond memories became dimmer and the allure of American girls increased with the loneliness of exile. How many dreams have ended that way! I looked at this kindly old man and I wished fervently that this dream would have a happier ending.
After my horse ride Column and I would get ready and go out for dinner. We preferred the small frill free restaurant in the village where the food was wholesome and the service warm and friendly, to the more commercial offerings where most of the tourists went.
Our days went by surprisingly quickly. It was a tonic for both of us. It helped distract Column from his boat and it was a relief for me, from the tension of the preceding weeks. I particularly enjoyed my horse riding. Column was right. I feel such joy and exhilaration when I’m riding that cannot be expressed adequately. It was good that my first time back on a horse was away from Donegal. I didn’t think of Cara when I was riding, the way I would have, if my first ride had been at home. It was probably due to the exotic location. It was so different from Donegal and the horse was so different from Cara. I realised just how much I missed riding and was determined to start looking for another horse when I got back. I thought about the breed of horse I would get. I didn’t want another like Cara, partly because that would feel like I was trying to replace her and no horse would ever have that part of me that belonged to Cara.
I thought I would look for an Arab cross. I love the energy of Arabian horses but practically speaking a pure bred would probably not be large enough for me as they tend to be around fourteen two or fifteen hands and they are slightly built. However an Arab cross with say, a hunter, would be just perfect! It would have a little more bone but not too heavy and would still have the fire that I love.
I caught myself reflecting on how far I had come in terms of self-perception. The earlier me would never have entertained the idea of a spirited handsome horse, not because I couldn’t handle one, but because it might bring attention to me. Whereas now, I didn’t care what others might think. I would still get a tall horse because I’m a big girl but it would be because of logistics not because of a perceived incongruity. That would not be my hang-up anymore! One less chain around my neck. I talked to Column before we left the island and told him I was ready to get another horse. He had been hoping for that
“We’ll start looking when we get home.” He said. Alas that time came all too soon. He promised me we would go back there again, some day. I wondered would it be like the son’s promise to his father. A picture of two silver strands of water came into my mind, a reminder, to have faith in him. We would go back some day!
When we got back to our little home, which I had nicknamed “Ard na Gaoithe” (Windy Heights) it was difficult to believe we had ever left! Only for the multitude of flowers that had pushed their way through the soil since we had left, I might have convinced myself that we in fact hadn’t left! The holiday was rapidly taking on a dream-like dimension, so removed are the two worlds that had briefly been bridged.
On entering the house I had barely removed my jacket before the phone rang! It was Aisling. She couldn’t restrain herself from getting the scoop on the trip! I told her she’d have to wait until the morning for details as we were both exhausted. While I made tea, Column checked on Nellie. Mici Flood had been milking her for us and also took care of the chickens while we were away. Column came through the door saying, “Old Nellie is doing fine, anyway. Mici took good care of her.”
It was nice to relax again in our own home. It’s funny, I thought I was relaxed when I was away but as I sank into my chair, I felt an ease flow through me which melted all resistance in its advance. “It must be the tea.” I mused, “That stuff over there that passes for tea would poison an elephant!” Whatever the reason was, it felt good to be home. Column eyed me defensively, “How long do I have left?” I looked at him in mock surprise and said, “Sure Column, you know better than me! You’ve been counting the days in hours, minutes and milli-seconds!”
“That maybe so but I want to hear your estimate first!”
“Well, I reckon you have a week and three days to go! How’s that?”
“Ah, I think you’re off by a day.”
“You do? You mean it’s almost two weeks to go?”
“No! You’re going in the wrong direction! I’d say a week and a day and since that day would be Wednesday, the middle of the week, it would be a silly day to start back so I think I should start back on the Monday.”
“Is that right? So you’d start back in five days’ time instead of a week and three days like I said?”
“Ah now, why do you have to put it like that? You make it sound like I’m trying to start back early, on purpose!”
“But sure that’s exactly what you are trying to do!” I said exasperated
“I tell you what, we’ve to go into Dungloe for our post tomorrow so you go into the Hospital and talk to Dr. Boland and see what he says. There’s no way you can start back without his OK.” His face blanched. I don’t know if it was because I mentioned the word Hospital or by association he thought of Nurse Durham, but he quickly responded
“I can wait a week and a few days if you think it’s best.”
“Now listen to me Column, you have to go and get a check-up anyway. You were told that when you left. Tomorrow’s as good a time as any.” I could see the prospects did not enthrall him but he said no more.
The next morning Aisling came for a quick visit. She was full of the news about Deirdre, Sinead and Maeve
“They’ve ordered the greenhouse! They’re going to start off with a 20ft by 40ft to begin with. It’s one of those modular units and comes practically whole. It just needs the two halves assembled on site.”
I asked, “Where is she going to put it?”
“Her father had ten acres up there by the Dores so she’s going to have it assembled there.”
“Who’s going to put in the foundation?”
“Liam Mhic Ned.”
“Uhuh. Liam could do it alright. He’s a nice fella. He’ll not take advantage of them. It sounds like they’ve done their homework. But how are they going to keep the temperature up, summer and winter? Won’t it cost them a fortune?”
“According to Deirdre, they are importing a modern wood burning stove from NY. They’re supposed to be designed to be highly efficient and are very popular over there. They are in big demand in areas with really cold winters like Wisconsin, Michigan etc. With a minimum of fuel they can burn for a long time and heat large areas. Deirdre said the model the girls bought and is on its way over, cost $1,200 and heats up to 3,000 square feet. As they expand they can add more stoves.”
“What will they burn?”
“The stove can burn anything. They intend to burn mostly turf dampened with slack which slows the rate of combustion and increases the efficiency of heat yield.
I was amazed at Aisling! She had committed to memory it seems, all the details of the enterprise. She was obviously fascinated. I knew why. The girls were doing something new and wonderful and she longed to be able to do something too. “Helen has her head well strapped on, let me tell you, Treasa! There are no flies on her! She has all sorts of accounts set up with neighbouring businesses and she has a representative from the department of Manpower lined up to view the greenhouse when it’s assembled, next month. If everything goes well, they’ll get the grant and loan. The E.S.B. will supply them with electricity at a 25% discount during the day and 75% discount from 10pm to 8am.”
We talked a while longer and then Aisling had to leave. Column and I went into Dungloe. Surprisingly enough, Dr. Boland, after taking an x-ray of his ribs and thumb said they showed a marked improvement. Column told him about the seaweed the Greek fishermen had given him. The Doctor asked if he could have a sample to examine. Column replied, “Can I go back to fishing on Monday? If I get it for you?” Dr. Boland smiled indulgently, “Blackmail will get you nowhere, Mr. Mooney! Nice try, though! It just so happened I was going to let you go back to work on Monday, anyway!” I listened warily to this exchange. “Are you sure Doctor?” I asked anxiously. He nodded, “Yes, Treasa. You have nothing to worry about. Actually the mend is nothing short of miraculous!” I was relieved. “However,” Dr. Boland continued, “he does have to take care of himself and try not to prove anything to the boys when he goes out on that boat!”
“I’ll have a sample of that weed into you in the morning, Doctor! God bless you!”
Needless to say Column was singing the praises of Doctor Boland and his family and his ancestors, the whole way back in the car! I was only listening with half an ear as I was sorting through the post that had accumulated over the holidays. There were the usual bills, telephone, electric, computer software magazines, a reminder about overdue books and about ten letters addressed to me. There was one however that stood out from the rest. It was a beige vellum envelope with the seal of a druid, embossed on the upper left hand corner. I turned it over in my hands, curious as Column continued his monologue extolling the hitherto disguised virtues of the Boland Clan. As I opened the letter and read, slowly the realisation of its contents became clear to me. I flushed crimson, until even Column caught up as he was in his myth-making, was forced to notice. “What’s up Treasa? You’ve turned a funny colour of puce!” I remember thinking, “They’ve got the wrong person!” and checking the envelope yet again, I could not deny that it was my name on the front of it. “It’s from the Abbey Theatre, in Dublin. They may want to produce my play!” Column’s eyes left the road for what seemed like an age as he studied my face which clearly showed disbelief of the very words I had just uttered!
“Well for heaven’s sake woman! Read the letter to me!” I cleared my throat and read;
Dear Treasa,
I am writing on behalf of the Abbey Theatre company to ask if we could have a copy of your play, “What’s Love got to do with it?” for the purpose of reviewing it as a pre-requisite to production. Should we decide to produce it we would ask that you be available as an advisor. We would of course pay the standard rate for permission to produce your play and for your assistance in production.
I am quite sure that the reviewing process will merely be a formality given the reviews that I have already read. Please respond as soon as possible.
Sincerely
Orla O’Casey
P.S. I can be reached personally by phone at the following number; 01-200-9825
I turned to Column who now had a huge grin on his face. “Is there no end to the tribute heaped upon you!” Then in a lower voice he said, “Treasa, I’m so proud of you! You’re truly an inspiration to everyone!” I felt proud, but not of myself but of Mom and Dad, Glenbeg and Column!
“Do you think it may invite reprisals again?” I asked hesitantly as the magnitude of the exposure struck me. Column shook his head. “I don’t think so, Treasa. The Abbey will be like a stamp of approval that few will argue with, except the critics that get paid to demolish all and sundry placed before them!” As soon as I got in the house I rang up Orla O’Casey. We talked for a while and she told me to drop a copy in the post and she would ring me back as soon as she had a chance to read it. I immediately parcelled a copy and took it back into Dungloe and posted it. I made a mental calculation and decided I should hear from her by Saturday. I hoped it wouldn’t drag out over the weekend. I was sure the suspense would kill me.
Later I rang Aisling to tell her and after that I rang Mom and Dad. They were all thrilled for me. Mom was very excited! “You mean the first time I get to the Abbey could be for the debut of my very own daughter’s play?! Oh wait ‘til Fr. Damien hears of this! It’ll surely be the death of him! Treasa! You’ve come a long way from the quiet little girl I used to worry about surviving in the world of hard knocks. You showed us all though, didn’t you?!’
The next day, Column and I went into the village to see the family and stay for a Ceili. Aisling and Ciaran were there, Mom and Dad. We started with the latest news and then worked backwards filling them in on our holiday in Greece. As time went on Mom asked Aisling to pop the casserole into the oven. Aisling called me out to give her a hand. As soon as we closed the door she told me she had some news of her own. “You know that store-room at the back of Sarah and Paul’s shop? Well since they got an extension to the shop, they rarely use it, preferring to use the addition in the front for offloading from the delivery vans. Anyway, I asked Paul if I could rent it one day a week to try out an idea.” I looked at her mystified. “What on earth would you do with it one day a week?”
“I want to have a Saturday coffee shop!”
“You’re kidding!” I exclaimed, flabbergasted. “What made you think of that, now wait don’t tell me! That’s why you were asking about those coffee shops in New York! You’ve been planning this since Deirdre told you about them last Christmas?”
“No actually. I was interested in the idea but to tell you the truth it never crossed my mind to do it myself. No, that idea didn’t begin to crystallize until I saw the energy with which Deirdre, Sinead and Helen attacked their project. Then I said to myself what do I have to lose? I will have very little overhead costs and that $400 from the profits of the play will help.”
“What does Noel think?”
“He thinks I’m nuts but he told me to fire away if it’ll make me happy. I think he thinks it will fail and that I’ll get it out of my system and settle down. Maybe he’s right but I don’t intend for it to fail. Paul is great, he told me he wouldn’t charge rent. All I have to do is pay for the electricity. Dad and Ciaran said they would get some of the boys together to play once in a while. I’ll also be depending on our local celebrity to show up regularly and maybe give a poetry reading or do a scit or one act play or whatever.”
“I’ll do anything you think will help and be glad to.’
“Thanks. I know I can depend on you. And let me tell you, you will pull in more people than you think. Sarah said she’d help me decorate the walls. She’s going to paint a mural on two of the walls and whitewash the other two. She said she had a few watercolours of local scenes that I could hang on the painted walls. I want a very traditional scene. One wall will have a huge fireplace actually very similar to the one in your house, Treasa. They used to be so common and now to most people our age they are just a memory. On the other wall, will be painted a window with a view of the sea as seen from the cross, here in the village.”
“It’s a great idea! I think some people will be glad of something different to do besides going to the pub. I think it will be a big hit with the women in particular because it’s a place to meet, chat and there’s no cleaning up to do!”
“The hardest part will be changing a nation of tea drinkers into coffee drinkers. Of course I’ll have to have tea as well, at least at the beginning.”
We stayed for dinner then Aisling and I went over to see Sarah for a half hour before I left. Sarah was in great form and full of praises for me. “I don’t know how you’ve done it, Treasa, but you’ve managed to start a fire under everyone, it seems! Glenbeg has never been so much fun!”
The days dragged for both Column and myself. For him, because he couldn’t wait to get out on the sea again. For me, the tension waiting to hear back from Orla. Monday came and so one of us was happy! But still I didn’t hear anything from Dublin. My nerves were well frazzled by then. I had convinced myself that they had not only received the play but read it and felt it so unworthy of their attention as to be beneath their dignity to even notify me. When the phone finally did ring I thought it was Aisling and answered in a somewhat dejected manner. When I heard the Dublin accent on the other side of the line, my heart stopped!
Five minutes later I hung up. It had been accepted! I would be needed in Dublin in two weeks’ time for a period of at least three weeks. The show would run for two weeks and if successful, another three weeks. I was ecstatic! I anxiously told Column he’d have to manage without me for three weeks. He replied cheekily, “If I can manage to live with you I’m sure I can manage to live without you, just as well! Just make sure none of those Jackeens try to make any moves on you. You know what happened the last time!”
Over the next two weeks, since Column was back fishing, I found myself with time on my hands again. When Aisling asked me to help her make-over the store-room into a coffee shop, I was delighted as it was a welcome distraction and helped keep my mind off the upcoming trip.
Glenbeg was a ferment of activity these days! At least in my circle. Kitty was going to help Aisling. Sarah mentioned to all and sundry that entered the shop, that if they had any old tables or chairs they wanted to dispose of, to bring them right in and they would be put to good use. Eamonn Friel finally came to the rescue. He had renovated his dining room a few years earlier and in true Irish form, could not bear to throw out perfectly serviceable furniture and so had held onto the old furniture for all this time. “Now you see how God works? When I stored these away two years ago I couldn’t give myself a good reason why I should hold onto them! But hold onto them I did! And now see how they’ve got a new life!”
The time came for me to go to Dublin. I left behind an army of workers, all working on their different projects. It filled my heart with gladness to see how happy they all were. Aisling’s coffee house was almost ready to go. She wanted to wait until I returned before she opened it up. Deirdre, Sinead and Helen had the greenhouse up and running. The girls were in the process of a large scale germination process, for their first production of plants. Everything was looking good. They all assured me they would be up to Dublin for the opening night of the play. The only one who couldn’t make it was Column. I understood, though. He had been away from his love for too long. Besides, he just doesn’t like being out of his element. That’s who he is and I love him exactly as he is, now.
I’ve reached the last page of my first diary/journal! Time to start a new one!

Epilogue

I closed the book and laid it on my lap. How far I have come! How much pain, anguish and finally, joy have I experienced in these last twelve months or more! How much peace and contentment I now have! It seems clear to me that the crisis Eamonn and Sheila were facing, was a crisis of trust and in a way mirrored the crisis of trust that surfaced between Column and myself. Love is more than warm, fuzzy feelings. You must know and accept yourself before you can give to another. I did not know or accept myself and sought to lose myself in a savior of my making. When it didn’t work, I collapsed. From that collapse, started a journey of self-discovery and redemption, through my true Savior Jesus Christ! From that point, everything has been a Blessing! Life will continue, and so troubles will, also. But I have what I need now and most of all, I know what real love is. I once posed the question “What’s love got to do with it?” I now know. Everything!!!.



****************



Other books by Author
Looking back-A pony of our own!

Set in the Catskill Mountains of Northern New York State, a story unfolds of a life in rural Ireland over a half century ago. A Grandmother looks back to a time when she and her friend dared to dream of owning a pony of their own. The adventures that followed capture the essence of that time and place, now unknown to a postmodern generation.


Also by this Author
The Old Schoolhouse (A Short Story)


A short story of an evocative visit to an old country schoolhouse. Tender memories are recalled and serve as a contrast to our Modern Age. One person in particular stands out, The Master. A person of empathy and humour, he gives the old schoolhouse its singular identity.


*******


You have now reached the end of this story and I hope you enjoyed it! I would like to ask you if you would consider writing a review at the site of purchase. Being an indie writer means you do not have the backing of a major publisher and so success depends directly on the people who read our books and share their views with other potential readers. Thank you!
