

One Black Rose

(One Black Rose, Book I)



by



Maddy Edwards




Copyright © 2011 by Maddy Edwards
Cover art © 2015 by Maddy Edwards. All rights reserved.




Smashwords Edition

This novel is a work of fiction in which names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to real persons, places, or events is completely coincidental.


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of
the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial
purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own
copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.



My blog: http://maddyedwards.blogspot.com/
My Goodreads page: http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/5288585.Maddy_Edwards
My Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Maddy-Edwards/329001650447436
Table of Contents
Title Page
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Books by Maddy Edwards
Connect with Maddy
Chapter One

As soon as I was off the plane I called Carley. The phone rang and rang, but she didn’t answer. It was typical of Carley not to answer her phone, especially when it was an emergency. I tried calling her two more times, but she still didn’t answer. Finally I gave up.
Frustrated, I hit the number on my cell to dial my mom.
“Hi, honey,” said my mom’s light voice. She talked fast, as if she were always in a rush. “Did you get in alright?”
“Three hours late,” I told her as I walked through the airport. “I can’t find Carley.” 
At least I was dressed casually. Whoever had invented the phrase “Always look your best because you never know who you might run into” wasn’t thinking of me when I traveled. I hate flying, and when I do fly I want to be comfortable. On this occasion I was wearing a hoodie and cotton comfy pants.
“Did she leave?” my mom demanded indignantly. 
“I don’t know,” I said. I was making my way out of the airport because I thought Carley might be waiting for me outside. I could see out the window that the weather looked gorgeous. “She either left or she never showed up.”
“You’re staying with her for the summer. It would be ridiculous if she never showed up,” said my mom. Even over the phone I could tell she thought Carley was exasperating.
I had a horrible thought that something might have happened to Carley. “Mom, what if she’s not okay?” I asked.
“She’s fine,” my mom scoffed. “And if she isn’t, you’ll just have to spend your summer here at home!” 
“Don’t threaten me,” I said. I loved my parents, but I was sixteen and I had been looking forward to spending the summer away from home for months. My life was boring. Most of my friends were traveling or at summer camps anyway, so I was glad to get away. Plus, my parents had a lot of stuff to figure out and it was probably better that I wasn’t there while they did it.
Outside now, I looked around for any sign of Carley, or a cab, but I didn’t see either. I was alone with nothing but a salty breeze and an airport worker who was high up on some sort of electric platform trying to fix a light. I’d been left to starve by the girl who was supposed to be my best friend.
“Is there a cab?” Mom asked. Static crackled over the line, making it hard to hear.
“No, there’s nothing,” I said, looking around hopelessly.
“Oh, well, Carley will come soon. Make sure you thank her mother again. Do you have the jam I gave you to give her?” 
“Yeah.” I squinted into the sun. In the distance I thought I heard a car coming.
“Is that all you have to say?” 
“Yeah,” I said. My mother had a way of always making me think I forgot something. “I should probably call Carley again.”
“Alright, be safe. Take a cab if you have to.”
“I’m not sure there are lots of cabs in Maine, Mom. It’s not New York,” I said. I was so busy talking on the phone and keeping an eye out for Carley that I almost bumped into someone as I walked along in front of the terminal. I was too distracted to do anything but nod a vague apology and keep walking.
After I hung up I called Carley twice more. She didn’t pick up, and she wasn’t answering my texts, either.
I glared at my phone. Somehow, blaming an inanimate object because my friend had deserted me and blown me off made me feel better. I wondered what the hell would happen to me if Carley never called me back and cabs didn’t exist in Maine. I had an image of hauling my suitcase through the Maine wilderness searching for water.
Suddenly, I heard a screech of tires and a car shot into view. A blond-haired guy jumped out of a gorgeous BMW, and with a shock I realized that he was racing right at me. Just before he slammed into me, I felt time stop.
My brown eyes were locked on his green ones, but he wasn’t looking at me, he was looking over my head. Mouth gaping, I craned my neck upward. Falling toward me was the airport guy who had been fixing the light. Somehow he had fallen off the platform and was about to land right on my head. I started to scream.
The next second, Blond-Hair was no longer in front of the guy and he was no longer falling on my head.
Everything had happened in an instant. I stared around. The blond-haired guy was helping the airport worker to his feet.
“Thanks, man,” said the airport worker. “Don’t know how I tripped.”
 “No problem,” said the blond-haired guy with a bemused look as the man wandered off as if nothing had happened. 
Then Blond-Hair looked at me, and I felt chills ripple up and down my arms.
“Hi,” he said, smiling.
Dismay washed over me. Note to self, whoever said that you should always look your best because you never knew who you’re going to run into might be right after all. 
I looked over my shoulder, checking to see who he was talking to. When I looked back he was grinning.
“Yeah, I said that to you,” he said, pointing at me.
“Oh,” I said awkwardly, feeling my face start to burn. “What just happened?”
A frown crossed his face, his perfectly shaped eyebrows arching over his warm green eyes. “What are you talking about?”
“You just raced up here in your car . . . and . . . and you caught him,” or something. Now that I had actually said it I realized I sounded crazy, but I was sure that’s what had happened.
He tried to look casual, but underneath I could see that he was uncomfortable. “I’m not sure what you mean. Maybe you’re mistaken.”
“It’s been a long day,” I admitted. I hated flying, and apparently my best friend didn’t care if I lived or died. But although I was absolutely certain I was right, Blond-Hair didn’t want to talk about it, and I was just too tired to insist.
“I’m Holt,” he said. I was surprised when he sat down on the bench next to me.
“Autumn. Thanks for saving my life,” I told him seriously. Somehow I knew that’s what he’d just done. I expected him to offer to shake my hand, since his introduction had been oddly formal, but he made no move to touch me.
Instead of replying he said, “So, what brings you to Maine?” 
I shrugged. “I heard its Vacationland.”
He grinned again. It lit up his whole face. “It’s even on the license plates!”
I laughed. “So it must be true. I came to stay with my friend Carley for the summer.”
Holt made a show of looking around. “And where is your friend Carley?”
I rolled my eyes. “I don’t know. My plane was late and I’m worried she might have left or never showed up to begin with.”
“So, she’s a very loyal and dedicated friend,” he said drily.
“Carley’s Carley,” I said, as if that explained everything. “She might have had to work or something.”
“Where does she work?”
“At a café in Castleton called UP UP and Away.” I wondered why he cared about where my friend worked.
Holt gave a start. “Really? You’re staying there for the summer? That’s where I live.”
“In the café?” I asked, confused.
“Um, no, in Castleton,” said Holt, laughing.
“Oh, right,” I said. “Maybe that guy actually did hit me in the head.” I felt like I was losing brain cells by the minute. My mind was a steel sieve. 
I didn’t know what to say next, so I just sat there and tried as hard as I could to stop doing anything awkward or embarrassing. I had a long and storied history of embarrassing myself in front of cute guys, and I was determined to turn it around this summer, even if Carley had started off by stranding me at the airport.
Just then a group of girls came out of the airport and stood a few feet away from us, checking Holt out. Two of them were whispering to each other and giggling while they looked his way. Out of the corner of my eye I tried to see his reaction, but he gave no sign of noticing.
“Do you want a ride?” he asked.
“Huh?”
“Your friend ditched you. Do you want a ride to Castleton? My car’s right there,” he said,  pointing to the shiny silver BMW. I didn’t know anything about cars. The only reason I knew it was a BMW was because there were the letters right on the front: B - M - W. If it had been a Ferrari or something I would have called it “that nice shiny car.” 
“Um, sure, thanks. Let me just try calling her one more time.” I knew it was silly, though. I’d already tried a million times and she didn’t care. If she were going to answer her phone she would have called me back by now.
Holt knew that I was just stalling, but he humored me by getting up and calling someone himself.
After Carley didn’t answer again I headed for his car. Before I’d even gotten there he had opened the door. I knew getting into a stranger’s car would normally be crazy, but Holt had saved my life, so I figured he wasn’t going to kill me now.
“Thanks,” I said,  slipping into the front seat. While he walked around to the driver’s side door I quickly scanned the car, but I didn’t see knives or guns or anything that should tip me off to jump out and run away screaming.
As Holt was starting the engine he said, “So, what brings you to Castleton this summer?”
I got more comfortable in my seat and said, “I’m staying with Carley. We used to go to the same school before she moved away.”
Holt nodded. “It’s a great place to be.”
“Do you live here year-round?” I asked, watching as trees flew past the windows.
“Just in the summer,” he said. There was something guarded about him, but I wasn’t sure what it was since he was being so nice. He obviously wasn’t going to volunteer anything. I’d just have to ask a lot of questions.
“Do you know Carley?” I wanted to know.
“Nope,” said Holt. “I haven’t actually met a lot of the people around Castleton.”
“Why not?” I asked. Since he had answered all of my other questions I expected him to answer this one as well, but he avoided it.
“Do you see that building there?” He pointed to a red brick building on the passenger side of the car. “It’s the best pizza place ever.”
“What’s it like?” I asked, looking at the brick building until it was out of sight.
“It’s Italian,” he said. “It’s great.” There was a pause. Then he said casually, “We should go sometime.” 
I looked at him sharply, but his face was placid. I couldn’t tell if he had just asked me out or not.
Since I couldn’t think of anything to talk about I said, “Did you notice those girls staring at you?”
“What girls?” he asked. I wasn’t sure if he said that to act like he hadn’t seen them gaping at him or if he genuinely had no idea that a bunch of cute girls outside the airport had thought he was hot.
“The ones who thought you were cute.”
“Oh, and who were mad at you for getting into the car with me?” he asked knowingly. “Yeah, I saw them.”
“So, they thought you were cute. Why didn’t you offer to give one of them a ride home?” I persisted. I wasn’t sure what was making me do this, but I was trying to understand why a perfect stranger had suddenly decided to help me out so much. “You’ve saved my life today and now you’re driving me home. Why?” 
He gave me a big smile. 
“You like explanations?” he asked.
“I just think it’s weird,” I said. Plus, he owed me some answers.
“I liked that you were so relaxed about what happened earlier,” he said finally, his eyes on the road.
“What do you mean?” I asked. What I didn’t want to tell him was that I wanted to know why he had bypassed a bunch of pretty-looking girls, all of whom had spent some time getting dressed that morning, for me, who looked like I had just rolled out of bed and left the house, because I had. The next time I fly I promise to put on a pair of jeans, I thought fiercely.
“With the guy falling,” he said. “You didn’t make a big deal about it. Most girls would have been all over me thanking me, but you just sort of shrugged it off.”
So, Holt thought I had acted cool. There really is a first time for everything. But I wasn’t the type of girl who would get all over a guy, particularly one I didn’t know. In fact, I wasn’t the type of girl who would get all over a guy I did know, as evidenced by the fact that I’d never had a serious boyfriend and didn’t go to parties and hook up.
“Does that make sense?” he asked finally, when I just sat in silence. 
“Yeah,” I said. I could easily see how girls would fall for him. He was very attractive and even more so when he smiled, but it wasn’t just that. There was something else about him. Those girls had walked outside and it was like they couldn’t help but stare. “I guess.”
Before he could say anything else my phone rang. I checked the screen as Miss MIA herself Carley’s name popped up.
“Hey,” I said, looking over at Holt as I answered. I tried to remind myself that she might not have been blowing me off. She might be lying injured in a hospital bed somewhere. I couldn’t be mad yet.
“SO sorry,” she said. “I totally just fell asleep.” 
“You fell asleep?” I asked, trying to keep the incredulity out of my voice.
“I had a really long day yesterday,” Carley said defensively. “Where are you?”
“I’m in a car on the way to your place,” I told her, looking away from Holt because he had started to laugh and I didn’t want to start as well. I sucked at confrontation and I knew I wasn’t going to tell Carley off for leaving me at the airport.
“I’m SO glad you got a cab,” she said with relief. “I would have felt awful if you were just waiting there for me.” 
I should have corrected her about the cab, but I didn’t. I wasn’t sure how to explain Holt anyway.
“I can’t wait to see you!” she said excitedly. I knew by the quick way she said it that she wanted to get off the phone. Carley was bored easily. Once she had heard that I was alright, and more importantly that she wouldn’t have to do anything, but could just lie on the couch and I would materialize, she was done with the conversation.
“See you soon,” I said.
“Bye!” 
I hung up and rolled my eyes.
“So, that was Carley?” said Holt drily.
“She can’t wait to see me,” I informed him.
Holt laughed, relaxing back into his seat and holding the steering wheel with one hand. “I’m sure she can’t.”
I felt awkward and didn’t know what to say next. Whenever I feel like that I shift the conversation to the other person. “So, back to why you offered to give me a ride,” I said, still feeling like he hadn’t answered my question.
“Because you were relaxed,” he insisted. “You didn’t make a big fuss. You didn’t stare.”
I realized with a start that he was used to girls staring, so the fact that I hadn’t had surprised him. 
“I didn’t know ignoring guys actually got them more interested,” I muttered.
“What did you say?” he asked. 
“Nothing,” I said quickly. 
He shook his head at me, and that was the end of that topic. 
It was about half an hour’s drive to Carley’s and we talked the whole time, mostly about summer and food, two of my favorite things. We both loved food and agreed that we would try anything once. We talked about food we liked and restaurants we loved. I quickly realized that he knew a lot more and had been to a lot more places to eat. He talked knowledgeably about wines and different types of cheeses. I LOVE cheese, but I have only a bit of basic knowledge: cheddar is yummy and Swiss is addicting. Whereas Holt went into great detail about cheeses I had never heard of – like brie de Melun, Beaufort, and Abondance – telling me about their origins and how they were made. I realized that it would be a lot of fun to eat a meal with him.
He asked a lot of questions about me and steered clear of questions about himself. At first I liked that he took such an interest in me and my life instead of boasting about all the cool things he did, but eventually I wanted to hear something about him.
 “So, you don’t think saving my life the way you did and then giving me a ride is at all odd?” I asked.
Holt glanced over at me. “Listen, Autumn, I didn’t save your life. I don’t know what you think you saw, but the guy tripped and I caught him. That’s all. He was never going to hit you.” 
I stared at him. That wasn’t what had happened at all. One second the guy had been falling toward me and the next second he hadn’t, and it was thanks to Holt. I knew that in my bones. Holt just wouldn’t admit it, and I wanted to know why.
“Are you serious?” I asked, crossing my arms over my chest.
I saw frustration and exasperation in his gaze, but also a little bit of pleading.
“Alright,” I said. “I don’t know why you won’t just tell me, but I’ll forget about it.” For now.
There was something very odd about Holt. Maybe Carley knew something about him; I’d ask her once I finally saw her. Castleton was a small town; she had to at least know someone who knew him.
When we got to Carley’s house Holt got out of the car and started to help me with my luggage. “Thanks again,” I said, taking my suitcase from him. 
“No problem,” he said.
“So, am I going to see you around town?” I asked. He hadn’t said anything else about getting pizza, but I knew I wanted to see him again.
“Definitely,” he said, smiling.
The front door of Carley’s house banged open and my errant friend came bounding down the steps. She had long blond hair and plump cheeks, which turned a bright red when she smiled.
As soon as she saw Holt she skidded to a stop.
To my complete astonishment she screamed, “OH NO, not you!”
Chapter Two

 “Carley, what’s wrong?” I cried. Her eyes were fixed on Holt.
She shook herself awake as if she was coming out of a trance. “Wh-wh-at? Nothing!” she stammered.
Holt raised his eyebrows. Apparently he had no idea why Carley had just screamed at the sight of him.
“Holt, this is Carley, Carley, Holt is the person who gave me a ride from the airport,” I told her. Carley couldn’t even form a proper sentence. She just kept staring.
“Well, I should get going,” Holt said, opening his car door. “I’ll see you again soon.” He waved goodbye. Carley stared after him as if she was in a stupor.
“What was that about?” I asked her.
“What?” she asked. “Oh? Nothing. I was just surprised. Sorry! Just forget about it. Anyway. You’re finally here!!!!” she squealed, running toward me. “This is going to be the best summer ever,” she went on, beaming at me as she hurried to help me with my luggage. As she grabbed my stuff, her curly blond hair flopped over one shoulder and her big brown eyes sparkled at me. Her lips were bright red to go with all the makeup she had on. After she’d ditched me at the airport she must have spent a lot of time getting ready instead of actually coming to get me.
Pushing thoughts of Holt aside, I grinned. I was happy to see Carley and happy to be at her house at last. She gave me a hug, and my nose bumped into her shoulder. She must have had a growth spurt since last time I’d seen her. Now she was just as much taller than I was as everyone else.
“It’s beautiful,” I said, pushing a strand of my light brown hair out of my eyes so that I could look around. “I’ve never seen so many flowers everywhere.”
“Yeah,” said Carley. “That’s the Roths’. They love flowers.”
“Who are the Roths?” I asked.
Carley grinned mischievously “You’ll see. Anyway, my parents always wanted a summer place here,” Carley commented she lugged my suitcase up her front steps. “They love Maine.”
I could see why. The weather was perfect, sunny and warm but not humid, and all I could see in every direction was trees. 
“Come on. We have to get you settled in so we can head over to the UP UP and Away. The lady who owns it, Mrs. Fritters, said that you could probably work there this summer.”
Oh yeah, my parents wanted me to get a job this summer. Awesome.
We were inside now and Carley was chattering away about the house. It looked like the L.L.Bean catalog had exploded inside with a nautical theme. The furniture was striped blue and white, with wooden coffee tables and matching drapes. The rug was red. Very patriotic. The walls were covered with pictures of boats, and framed on the shelf was a piece of rope tied in some elaborate knot.
“Where are your parents again?” I asked, not remembering what she’d said in her last e-mail.
“Oh, they went to England to visit Charlie for a couple of weeks. They’ll be back. Will your parents mind?”
I shook my head and smiled. “They can’t mind what they don’t know.”
Carley raised her eyebrows, which were the same fine blond color as her hair, and gave me a playful grin. “You aren’t going to tell them?” At this point we’d gotten through the living room with my luggage and Carley was leading me up the stairway.
“They’re too busy fighting to notice,” I replied. I was careful to keep my voice neutral. I didn’t want Carley to think I was upset that my parents were talking about divorce, that they didn’t want me around for the summer while they figured it out, and that I had to sit there and act like I wasn’t bitter. No, not bitter at all. Not even a little bit.
Carley looked at me skeptically, but didn’t say anything. “So, this is my room,” she said, pointing to the room we were passing on our right. I stared. The room was small but cozy, with a pink chair in the corner, a dresser, and a pink cover over the bed, which was pushed against one wall. The floor was bare wood except for the pink rug that was right next to the bed. Stacked neatly in the corner were rows and rows of shoes.
“Nice,” I said. I meant it. It was very Carley. We had known each other for four years, since we were twelve, and her favorite color had always been pink.
“Your room is next,” said Carley as we headed further down the hall. My room, as it turned out, was at one end of the second floor of the house and had a slanted roof. Under the slanted part was my bed, with a green cover. Color coordination has to be a theme in her family. My mom would never do this. I actually liked my room. Carley set my suitcase by the dresser and beamed at me. 
“What?” I asked, setting down my backpack and responding to Carley’s unspoken excitement.
“It’s just going to be awesome. Just the two of us!” she said. “I have a lot of friends around here. I’ll be able to introduce you to some of them tonight.”
“Great,” I said. I tried to sound convincing, but I wasn’t so sure how this summer would go. I liked Carley; she was one of the few friends I could stand for long periods at a time. But her family clearly did things differently from mine, and I wasn’t sure how that would turn out.
Carley left to go get ready, and I unpacked. I sent my mom a quick text to let her know I was there. There was no point in calling; she’d be too busy arguing with my dad to talk anyway. 
Luckily, my room had its own bathroom. This time there was a fish theme, with literally a shelf of yellow rubber ducks over the sink. I took a shower, put on a white t-shirt and jean shorts, and stuffed my feet into sandals. I checked myself out in the mirror. I had big brown eyes, which at the moment were framed by my wet, brown curls. I put on some makeup and pulled my hair back into a ponytail. 
“You ready?” Carley yelled from somewhere downstairs.
“Coming,” I yelled back.
Outside, the sun was just starting to set and the sky was a riot of pinks and oranges plus a little blue. The breeze had picked up, but it wasn’t cold yet. I stuck my face into the wind to enjoy the smell of sea air and flowers. I wondered who the Roths were. I wondered if I’d see Holt again. So many questions and I’d only just gotten there.
Even though Carley’s house was by itself down a little dirt road, we were only a couple of blocks from town. As we walked through the outskirts of Castleton, Carley explained every house and shop. She talked about neighbors who had passed down their summer cottages from generation to generation and store owners who had had their shops for decades. We passed a store called Mike’s Market, and then another called Last Stand Reading. A clothing store called Lady Lou’s had only white dresses in the window.
 I only half listened to her chatter. I knew I wouldn’t remember a lot of what she said, and anyhow I was too busy staring at the town. Castleton looked like something out of a storybook. Buildings were painted in pastel colors, most with white shutters and doorframes. Many of the people walking around looked like they were on vacation, with straw hats and khaki shorts. I looked down at my white t-shirt and jeans. I definitely didn’t fit in. 
“After this street there are some family houses. Plus, the Roths’ house, and then we’ll get to Mrs. Fritters’ place,” Carley was saying as she walked. “It’s an easy walk from our place to the café.”
I nodded absently. Somewhere ahead I could smell flowers. The next street wasn’t lined with lots of houses. Instead, the block included just one property. Set back from the road was an enormous white house, with four pillars in front and enormous windows. The house was beautiful, but that wasn’t what caught my attention. It was what was in front that took my breath away. The most stunning garden I had ever seen blanketed the front lawn. Every color flower was there, from blues and purples to reds and yellows to whites and pinks. It was like fireworks had exploded into flowers and scattered them over this yard. At the front of the garden, an archway leading up the drive was covered with vines and yet more flowers. I didn’t know the names of any of the flowers except the lilies, but I had a sudden pounding desire to learn about them. Without meaning to, I gasped.
Once I got my breathing under control I said, “Wow. I’ve never seen anything like that before.” 
“Oh, so now you’re impressed?” said Carley smugly. She had stood and waited patiently while I got myself calmed down a little. “Yeah, that’s the Roths’ place. They come every summer. They’re kind of weird, but really nice. I hardly ever see any of them around, but they have the best party of the summer. In two weeks, literally the day before Mom and Dad get home, they have the Solstice Party.” Carley had come to a stop at one corner of the property instead of walking past the front yard and down the street.
“Who are they?” I asked, still staring at the gorgeous flowers. I had no idea why the flowers fascinated me, but I couldn’t take my eyes away from them.
Carley shrugged. Whenever she did that her shoulders got lost in her mass of blond curls. “They’ve lived there in the summers for as long as anyone can remember. They keep to themselves. Not really sure why, but I never see them at the beach. They know the Cheshires pretty well, though,” she added, brushing hair out of her brown eyes.
“The Cheshires are?” I prompted.
“Oh, they’re sort of like the Roths. Ridiculously nice house, but it’s on the other side of town. They don’t have a nice garden like this, though,” she said, waving her hand at the splendor in front of us. But I got the idea from the way her voice went high at the mention of the Cheshires that something about them made her uncomfortable. “Anyway, come on, this way,” she said, her voice returning to normal. Before I could ask anything else she ducked under the white fence surrounding the Roths’ property.
Chapter Three

I stood where I was, looking after her in horror.
“Carley, what are you doing?” I managed to ask.
“Don’t be silly. They’re not here. And it’s much faster to go through their garden. I do it all the time,” said Carley over her shoulder. She was already walking away from me down those stunning gravel paths lined with flowers.
I didn’t move. I didn’t want to follow her; I hardly dared to disturb the flowers. But I really didn’t have a choice. Carley had left and she was the one who knew her way around town. I couldn’t not follow her.
With the blood pounding in my ears, I walked up to the fence. Gently I placed my hand on the warm wood, steeling myself.
“Oh man,” I muttered, and ducked under the fence after her. I hadn’t been there an hour and already I was trespassing. This was definitely going to be an interesting summer.
Being in the garden was way more overwhelming than just seeing it. Smells, both tangy and sweet, assaulted me. After a couple of steps, I was fully engulfed and taking deep breaths as I moved. Carley was so far down the path that I couldn’t even see her, but I didn’t care in the slightest. Who needed Carley when I had these wonderful flowers?
I slowed down, enjoying the garden. I saw a bench nearby and thought that I should sit on it. Why not? I didn’t have anything to do at the moment, or really for the rest of the summer. My parents were too busy hating each other to wonder about me. They probably wouldn’t even miss me. Then I could stay here in the garden, sitting on the bench with the flowers . . . 
A rough hand grabbed my arm and I yelped. Carley was glaring at me.
“What is wrong with you?” she demanded, looking at me as if I was deranged. “You’re acting like you’re high. Come on.”
While I protested that I was completely fine, she propelled me along after her, muttering something about annoying friends who probably smoked stuff. I tried to tell her that I’d never smoked anything in my life, but she wasn’t listening. 
The path led around the back of the house, which wasn’t visible from the road but was every bit as beautiful as the front. The massive back yard stretched in front of me in every direction. I could easily have gotten lost in the amazing paths. Involuntarily I gasped, inhaling the wonderful smells. I could stay here forever. 
Carley snapped her fingers in front of my face. “Stop that. You’re acting addled.” She put her hands on her hips and frowned.
“Well, you’re the one who brought me in here,” I retorted, trying to get myself oriented to the real world again. It was hard. Really hard.
“It’s way faster to get to Mrs. Fritters’ place if we go this way,” Carley replied, starting to walk again but putting a hand lightly on my arm to make sure that this time I stayed with her. 
As I followed her through the back yard I drank in my surroundings. The same stunning riot of colors from the front yard was mirrored here, except that the flowers might have been bigger, if that was even possible. As an afterthought I said, “I didn’t know anyone could get high on flowers.”
Carley looked back at me and rolled her eyes. 
Ignoring my friend, I reached out to touch the blossoms. As I followed my hand’s movement I saw the flowers bend to meet it, as if they had the same desire to embrace me that I had to embrace them. I wanted to feel their smooth grace under my fingers; I wanted to be closer to them.
Feeling light-headed and wonderful, I let Carley pull me along while my free hand trailed against the petals. Carley knew where we were going, and all too quickly we were at the far side of the garden. I could see the white fence and beyond it the outside world. Despite Carley’s attempt to snap me out of my trance, I had forgotten that the outside world even existed. Seeing it and knowing that I was headed toward it filled me with a profound sense of sadness and loss.
Without hesitation Carley pulled me over the fence and back onto the street. I staggered a little, then found my footing. Looking down at the hand I had used to touch the flowers, I was only mildly surprised to see that it was covered in a rainbow of sparkling colors. Without thinking, I held it up to my mouth and was about to lick my fingers when Carley smacked my hand away.
“What are you doing?” she demanded. “You can’t eat flowers.”
“It’s not the flowers,” I said indignantly, angry that she’d kept me from what I wanted to do and embarrassed that she’d found me out. “It’s just . . . what they left on me.”
“Well,” said Carley, eyeing me as we started to walk down a street that looked much like the one before, “that’s really weird.”
I didn’t know how to respond. I just looked at my hand and back at Carley.
Carley shook her head. “You can wash it off when we get to Mrs. Fritters’.”
I didn’t want to wash it off. Never in my life did I want to clean my hand again, but I didn’t say that to Carley. I just followed her down the road. She was my friend and my host, after all. My mother would insist that I be nice. 
As we got further down the street and further away from the Roths’ garden, my head started to clear up. Without much effort I began to realize how silly I was being. What was I thinking, obsessing over flowers and devouring their wonderful smells as if they were candy? I had never cared about flowers before today. Two years ago a guy had given me flowers and I had forgotten to water them and they had all died. And it’s not like I ever kept plants in my room. No one in my family had a green thumb. And yet here I was, visiting my friend and talking to her, and suddenly I couldn’t stop thinking about this random garden we’d just walked through. 
Maybe it was jet lag. Shaking my head at my own foolishness, I tried to pay attention to Carley and what was going on around me, even though it took all my concentration not to stare down at my rainbow-colored hand.
UP UP and Away wasn’t far down the road. Carley pointed it out as soon as it came into view. The cobblestones that we were walking across led right up to Mrs. Fritters’ door, and the street itself had a stunning view of the ocean. The smell of sea salt grew stronger the closer we got. Relief washed over me as it drowned out the smell of the flowers.
Carley ushered me into the coffee shop. The inside was beautiful. We faced a bank of windows that overlooked the ocean, so one side of the room looked like it had bluish gray walls from where the waves met the sky. The gilded Victorian chairs had a modern twist of looking very wide and comfortable. The seats were a variety of colors, including blues and purples and greens. Most of the tables would fit two or four people, but there was one long table right by the door that looked like a party of ten could easily sit there. To my right was the barista station and to my left was a small stage where I assumed the musical acts played. On the wall were pictures of landscapes and shelves stuffed with books.
“Hello, darlings,” said a woman standing behind the barista station as we walked up and sat on stools. She was in her fifties, wearing a yellow sundress. Her dark hair was streaked with gray and pinned back into a severe-looking bun. Both her hands were moving rapidly, one taking change from a customer and the other pouring coffee.
“Hello, Carley. I see your friend got here safely?” she asked, smiling.
“Hi, Mrs. Fritters, yes, this is Autumn Lindley. Autumn, this is Mrs. Fritters,” Carley said.
“Ah, yes, darling, so nice to meet you. Don’t mind me. We had one of our employees quit today. She’s going to run off with her boyfriend. I did the same thing at her age, but I’ve been swamped ever since she left. I’ll be back soon, loves.” She finished what she was doing and bustled away. 
“Don’t worry,” said Carley, grinning. “She’s like that.” 
While the other girl behind the counter got us iced teas, I looked around the place. There were only a couple of other people there, including a boy Carley had waved to when we came in. He was sitting at a table with his laptop and a mug. He had red hair and a stocky build. The glasses he wore slipped a bit down his nose.
“So, what brings you here tonight?” asked Mrs. Fritters, coming back.
“We came for the music,” said Carley, grinning. “And to see you, of course.” 
“Well, now that the place is quiet I suppose we can talk for a bit,” said Mrs. Fritters, wiping her hands off on a towel. 
For the next half hour the three of us chatted. Mrs. Fritters was very funny and animated. She never stopped moving. She told stories of her employees and how complicated it was to get musical acts a few times a week.
“Now, Carley, you are going to come back and work for me this summer, right?” asked Mrs. Fritters, giving Carley a look that said: You Better.
Carley smiled. “I’d love to, and I’m wondering,” she said, looking over at me, “can I split some of my time with Autumn, like we talked about? She needs stuff to do, but we also want to have time to enjoy the summer.” 
Mrs. Fritters looked at me, then looked back at Carley, her face serious. I could feel a nervous twitch in my stomach and shoulders. Had Carley just overstepped her bounds? She’d always said how nice Mrs. Fritters was, but maybe today wasn’t the day to ask her about it.
Mrs. Fritters burst out laughing. “Of course, dear. I’d love to have her. Plus, I need someone now that that girl has walked out. I’ll get the paperwork,” she said, and bustled out through a back door.
“Doesn’t she want to interview me or anything?” I asked, frowning. I didn’t have experience working at a café, but all I’d probably do was work a register, and I didn’t completely suck at math, so it should be okay. Plus, I was sixteen now.
“She already did,” said Carley. “Her criteria is whether or not you can handle listening to her talk for long periods of time, and you passed with flying colors.” 
Mrs. Fritters came back with a small stack of papers and proceeded to spend the next few minutes helping me fill them out.
“Oh, here, I just need to see your ID,” she said, pointing to one of the slots that asked for it. “Do you have a passport, maybe? And look at those gorgeous brown eyes you have.” Another minute and she was probably going to pinch my cheek. 
“Yeah, it’s back at the house,” I said, “in case we get to go to Canada while I’m here.”
Mrs. Fritters laughed. “Once you’ve spent some time here you won’t ever want to leave.”
“Let’s go get it,” said Carley. “It’s not far, and then Mrs. Fritters can have this out of the way.” Mrs. Fritters nodded as if this was a good idea.
“Okay,” I said. Until that moment I’d forgotten about the garden, but now the thought of it slammed back into my mind. Very soon I’d be walking through it again. I felt light-headed with excitement, but I forced the feeling away. I was seriously worried that something was wrong with me.
Carley was staring at me with raised eyebrows as if I had food on my face.
“Darling, why don’t you just go?” asked Mrs. Fritter. “That way this poor girl can rest after traveling.”
“I guess I could,” said Carley.
“Actually,” I said, “I’ve been sitting all day. It would be nice to be up and walking about. I’ll just go by myself.” I stood up to emphasize this.
Carley and Mrs. Fritters looked skeptically at me.
“Are you sure you know the way? We’ve only walked it once,” said Carley, starting to stand up too.
“Yeah, I’ll be fine. It’s just a couple of streets and I’ll be right back,” I said.
“Okay, I guess,” said Carley. “I’m going to go sit with Nick while you’re gone.” She pointed out the redheaded boy she’d said hi to earlier. As soon as she looked his way, he started to wave frantically. Carley sighed. “Hurry,” she mouthed to me.
“I’ll see you soon,” I said, grinning, and took off through the door. 
Outside, the early evening was growing cool. Relieved to be in the fresh air, I squinted up the street. It was dusk now, the light having faded while we were in UP UP and Away. I could just see the Roths’ house from where I stood. Without hesitation I hurried in that direction.
With every step I got happier. Everything that was wrong – my parents’ divorce, being sent away for the summer – faded away in a swirl of colorful flowers. Considering the reaction I had just had, I knew I shouldn’t cut back through the garden, but my body told me there was no other choice, and every bit of me fizzed with excitement at the prospect of being among the flowers again. Plus, Carley had said that the Roths weren’t home, so it wasn’t like I’d get caught.
  
Stepping back over the white fence and into the Roths’ back yard, I felt the same rush I had gotten lost in only a little while ago. But now I could contain my emotions. They didn’t threaten to swamp me as they had before; I was more prepared. It wasn’t overwhelming like the first time had been, with Carley. I could feel the pull of the flowers, now cast in evening shadows, but I no longer had the stunning urge to build a flower crown, put it in my hair, and dance around as if I didn’t have a care in the world.
I looked at the house to make sure there were no lights on; it was completely dark. The garden was much bigger than I remembered it, even though I had just been through it a little while ago. There were more paths, and more of them seemed to lead to benches with canopies of flowers instead of back to the street. I kept trying to find my way out – it had seemed so simple earlier – but all I did was get more turned around.
With dismay, I realized that I was lost in the garden.
Just as I was starting to panic, a light popped on in one of the first floor rooms. I was so shocked at the idea of being discovered that I stumbled. I could hear a dog starting to bark frantically. Quickly righting myself, I looked around to make sure no one had seen me, and I almost screamed. Eyes were looking back at me out of the darkness. 
A man stepped toward me through the shadows. “Can I help you?” he asked in a strained voice.
I forgot the noise of the dog as I realized I’d been caught trespassing and was probably in big trouble. Worry trickled down my back and shoulders. I could see only a dark outline of the man facing me.
I definitely hadn’t been expecting anyone, and certainly not someone whose hair was such a light blond that it looked like white gold in the moonlight. I had never had a physical reaction to someone that sent shivers up and down my spine, but now I was feeling that way even though I couldn’t see the man’s face clearly in the shadows. He had a silent intensity about him that pushed me away and at the same time made me want to know more. To make matters worse (if you could call it bad to be alone with an attractive guy, surrounded by flowers), I was pretty sure he was staring at me.
I shrank away. “I’m sorry. Um, I’m new around here. Visiting for the summer. My friend said this was a shortcut, but now I’m lost.” I drew breath so that I could continue my completely stupid rambling, but before I could say anything else he smoothly cut me off.
“It’s fine. Let me show you out.” He made no move to touch me, but instead turned on his heel and continued up the path, leading the way so that I had no choice but to follow. I still hadn’t gotten a clear look at his face.
He knew exactly where he was going. His footsteps never hesitated as he chose one path after another. I followed numbly. Now the flowers I passed meant nothing. They were mere shadows in the night. I no longer heard the barking of the frantic dog or worried about being lost in the garden. All I concentrated on was the back I was following.
He led me right to the place where Carley and I had come through earlier, resting his hand on the fence. He still made no move to touch me, and he didn’t offer to help me over. In the open now, with the moonlight, I could see that he had green eyes with flecks of silver and a slight but strong build. I gaped. I knew this face. I’d just seen this face earlier in the day. I was looking into the eyes of Holt.
“What are you doing on the Roths’ property?” I demanded.
That must have surprised him, because he threw his head back and laughed. “I’m a Roth,” he said. “My name is Holt Roth.”
Feeling disoriented, I managed to get over the fence. When I was safely on the other side, standing one street away from Carley’s house, I turned back to look at him. He was standing there, his hands in the pockets of his khakis, still watching me.
“Sorry to startle you,” he said. “I didn’t want to scare you.”
“Oh, no, I’m great,” I said. “I’m sorry again. For trespassing,” I added, even though I knew it sounded ridiculous. I had trespassed. He could probably have me arrested. In fact, I was lucky not to have been shot, lucky he hadn’t loosed the dog on me. He should have been furious that I might have ruined his garden. Hell, if he hadn’t come along who knows how long I could have wandered around lost. 
“Don’t worry about it,” he said in a light voice, but he still didn’t move away. “I told you we’d see each other again.”
“At least you have my name for the records if you want to have me arrested for trespassing,” I said. I think I was in shock. 
A ghost of a smile passed over his face. 
“I don’t think you have to worry about that. Have a good night, Autumn.” And with that he turned around and disappeared among the flowers. 
Chapter Four

After I’d met Holt Roth, there was no way I was going back to UP UP and Away through the Roths’ garden, so I took the long way around through the streets. It was fully dark by then, and when I passed the front of the Roths’ house there were no lights on anywhere. My emotions were all over the place. I knew Carley had talked about the Roths, but why hadn’t she told me that Holt was one? Was it her idea of a joke? That would be just like Carley. Feeling more irritated than ever, I headed back to UP UP and Away. 
When I got back to the café, I showed Mrs. Fritters my passport and we finished the paperwork. She asked if I could come by tomorrow for a quick training session, and I promised that I would. Meanwhile, across the room, Carley and Nick were deep in conversation. When I joined them I could barely hear what they were saying over the band that had started playing, and I had no chance to ask Carley about Holt. Despite my long day of travel, the three of us stayed and chatted until well after midnight. Then, to my great relief, Nick gave us a ride home and I didn’t have to worry about cutting back through the garden and running into the unsettling Holt again. In the end, I also chose not to tell Carley that I’d met him and probably come close to being arrested.
Before I went to bed Carley said something about the three of us going to the beach the next day, but I was so tired I barely heard her.

The next morning dawned bright and sunny, which was why I was in bed with a pillow stuck firmly over my head. After everything that had happened the night before, I had a hard time getting out of bed and down to UP UP and Away for my introduction with Mrs. Fritters.
When I did finally manage to drag myself to the shower, the cold water at the start of a hot day helped wake me up. After I’d gone downstairs and found no sign of Carley (since the door to her room was closed, I figured she was probably still sleeping), I again set out for UP UP and Away.
My talk with Mrs. Fritters about the job went by quickly. I was pretty sure she would have hired me even if I had said that when I used to work as a cashier I’d been accused of robbing the place or skimming off the top. She needed the help, and since I’m friends with Carley she was predisposed to like me. I was also sure that if I’d told my mother about it, she would have given me a lecture about how even when finding a job as a cashier it’s all about who you know, which would have annoyed me. 
When I got home Carley was throwing towels, magazines, and sunscreen into a beach bag. She was in a bright pink bathing suit with a white see-through cover up. I went upstairs quickly to change into my own bathing suit, which was a solid dark blue. I grabbed sunglasses and my iPod, threw on a white and green cotton summer dress, and headed back down.
As soon as Carley and I went out onto the porch to wait for Nick, he pulled up. Since Carley’s house was across the street from the ocean there was beach in every direction, and by eleven o’clock the three of us were stretched out on towels by the water, enjoying a perfect summer day.
Almost instantly Carley looked like she had gone to sleep. Lying on her stomach with a hat propped over her head and her headphones in, she looked like she had no intention of moving for hours. I looked over at Nick. He was propped on one elbow, playing some game on his phone. There was a white streak of sunscreen on the side of his face. I pointed it out to him and he sheepishly wiped it away.
“So, Nick, what do you know about the Roths?” I asked, trying to keep my tone casual. Judging by the quick look he gave me, I had probably failed completely. 
“Already bitten by the Roth bug, are you?” he asked, looking up from his phone and grinning.
“What does that mean?” I asked, flipping through the pages of a magazine without really looking at them.
“It means that every girl who sees a Roth swoons,” said Nick, dramatically putting the back of his hand to his forehead. “I don’t know how they do it, but girls love them.”
I cleared my throat. “Are the Roths all boys or something?” I asked, sitting up with my arms as props.
“There are three brothers. I think. I can’t remember all their names, but the oldest is Holden or something like that.” I could tell Nick really couldn’t have cared less about this subject. “I’ve seen every girl in Castleton try for him, but I’ve only ever seen him with other Roth girls or the Cheshires.”
“Actually, it’s Holt,” Carley piped up as she rolled over to look at us.
“Oh, so you wake up to talk about the Roths?” Nick asked, eyeing her.
Carley grinned and sat up. “Definitely.”
Nick rolled his eyes and went back to playing games on his phone.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” I asked her. I’d been waiting all day for my chance to confront her about yesterday, so it came out more harshly than I meant it to.
“I just thought it would be funny,” she said awkwardly. “I didn’t realize you really didn’t know. Sorry.”
I glared at her, but she ignored me.
Carley looked at me and continued: “Holt is the oldest Roth. I think he’s like twenty-two. His brothers are about our age. I don’t know as much about them. Holt is pretty well known around here. Mostly as a heartbreaker. Every new girl who comes into town sees him and goes crazy. He’s gorgeous. Easily the most attractive guy I’ve ever seen. Of course, probably part of that is that he’s never been interested in anyone. Like what Nick says, I never see him with local girls. I didn’t want to tell you all that, because you seemed to like him yesterday.”
“You thought I liked him?” I asked. Carley shrugged. I didn’t know if I liked him. I definitely didn’t dislike him, but I was dismayed that Carley had noticed so easily. 
When Carley didn’t answer I asked, “So, he hangs out with girls all the time?”
“HA. No, not really. Holt Roth doesn’t have girlfriends, except for his cousins and the Cheshires,” she replied, grabbing the tanning lotion and slathering more on.
I wondered if I should ask about dinner that night or maybe what movie we were going to watch, just so I appeared to want to talk about something other than the Roths and the Cheshires. But since I didn’t, I simply said, “Who are his cousins?”
“They’re these beautiful girls who stay at the house for the summer. It’s kind of weird, though, because they don’t look much like the Roth boys, but then again I’ve never seen any of their parents, so maybe they just got different genes.”
“All of the Roth boys look the same?” I asked.
“Yeah, you can definitely tell they’re brothers. They’re all really blond and have these bright green eyes,” she said, making her eyes wide.
 “But some people in town don’t believe the girls are all cousins. Just because they don’t all look like the Roths. Some have dark hair and some are really short, for example. I don’t know what the deal is. All anyone really knows is that it’s the nicest summer home around and they just gather there,” said Carley. 
“Maybe they’re all the brothers’ girlfriends,” I said. I didn’t want to admit it, but I didn’t like that idea at all. Holt had never said he was single, but I had gotten the idea that he was.
“Even if they were girlfriends of the Roths, every girl in town would still be in love with the guys,” Nick added.
“Not every girl,” said Carley.
“Ninety-nine point eight percent of them, then,” Nick retorted. 
“Bitter much?” asked Carley. Nick just shrugged.
“Yeah, well, Holt is gorgeous, as you know,” she said to me, “but he’s never dated anyone around here, or come here with a girlfriend,” said Carley. “Most girls usually try for him at the Solstice Party. That’s the big time of the year when we see him. Otherwise he’s not around much.”
“Are we invited to that?” I asked. “What is it?”
“The whole town is. We go every year,” said Carley enthusiastically. “It’s the best party ever. And it’s the only time you see all the Roths and all the Cheshires together.”
“And the Cheshires are another family in town?” I asked. Carley had told me a lot about Castleton and its residents, but I had a hard time keeping every name straight. 
“Carley’s so glad you’re here,” interrupted Nick. “She loves talking about these people. And maybe Holt doesn’t ever have a girlfriend because he’s gay.”
“Holt’s not gay,” said Carley. “At least, I don’t think he is. If he were then he’d have a boyfriend. Look, you know how type O-negative is the universal blood type? It’s good for everyone? Well, that’s the kind of guy Holt is. Good for every girl.”
“Wow,” Nick muttered.
“How do you know he’s not interested in any of the girls who try for him?” I asked, wishing I could keep myself from talking about him but knowing I couldn’t.
“Because if he were interested in a girl, he’d have her,” said Nick bluntly. 
For some reason I didn’t like that at all. Shouldn’t it be the girl’s choice too?
“He can have me,” said Carley, giggling and pretending to swoon.
Nick’s face turned cloudy.
“That’s it. I’m going to get some water,” said Nick. Getting up with a bit of attitude, he stalked away.
“What’s his problem?” Carley asked me, looking bewildered.
I didn’t have the heart to tell her that he was clearly in love with her, and probably hearing her talking about how attractive other guys were was not his favorite activity. But if someone was going to tell her, it should be Nick himself, not me. 
“So, who are the Cheshires?” I asked again, wanting to change the subject away from Nick and his feelings for Carley.
“Oh, right. They’re a family like the Roths. What I mean by ‘like the Roths’ is that their house is just as big and they’re also really reserved and no one in town sees much of them. And both families are huge. Tons of them stay there in the summers. But they’re not exactly the same. Whenever you see the Roths they’re really nice. They smiled and greet everyone. The Cheshires aren’t like that. They aren’t as friendly.”
Carley clearly wasn’t as impressed with the Cheshires as she was with the Roths. In fact, I got the idea that she was shrinking away from talking about them at all.
“So their house isn’t as nice?” I asked.
Carley frowned, as if she couldn’t really remember. “I mean, it’s a nice house, but there’s no garden. It’s just colder somehow. The exact opposite of the Roths’. Not inviting at all. Isn’t it SO hot out?” She waved her hand at the hot day, with barely a breeze to stir the air.
The Roths’ place was definitely inviting, I thought.
Out loud I said, “Yeah, it’s really hot.” I was probably going to start sweating, but who cares? I was just with Nick and Carley.
“The Cheshires’ oldest son is Holt’s age,” said Carley. “He’s gorgeous as well.”
I heard her say the last part about the Cheshires, but I wasn’t really paying attention. I’d been caught by the mention of Holt. I tried to calm my nerves, which had started to zing just from the mention of his name. But I was determined not to obsess about a guy who already had every girl in the town after him. I was there for the summer to hang out with Carley, work, and let my parents deal with their problems. At least, that’s what I had thought until last night in the garden. Involuntarily I shivered. 
Nick came back carrying three ice cold waters. He handed one to me and tossed the other at Carley’s feet. She glared at him but picked it up and drank. It was already a hot day, and I was looking forward to just relaxing on the sand with my friends. The beach was starting to fill up, probably because the brilliant clear blue sky was a perfect mirror of the stunning blue ocean. 
“Couldn’t ask for better weather,” Nick murmured. Lots of families, with chairs and beach umbrellas, were setting up for a day of laziness and fun. I couldn’t wait. 
Just as I relaxed back on the towel and closed my eyes I heard Nick say, “Well, speak of the devil.” I sat up so fast I got a little dizzy. I told myself it was the incredibly hot afternoon, but I knew it wasn’t that.
Next to me I heard Carley gasp.
It must be Holt on the beach, I thought, since we had just been talking about him. 
 Across the hot sand I could see three figures coming in our direction. 
I was shocked to feel the same sensation of being pulled toward them that I’d felt in the garden the night before, even though none of the three coming toward us was Holt. In fact, none of them looked anything like Holt. All three figures had jet-black hair and were very pale despite the season. The one in the middle was a guy and looked to be about Holt’s age. Two beautiful girls flanked him. One had long hair, the other’s was cropped short like Halle Berry’s, only she couldn’t carry it off like Halle Berry. As I watched, I realized that there was something strangely similar about all three, but I couldn’t put my finger on what it was.
To my surprise, the guy was staring at me with a mixture of shock and anger. At least I thought it was at me; maybe he was just admiring the view. Or maybe I was the view. Whatever he was looking at, he was coming right toward us, and his azure blue eyes never left my face as he approached. I could feel a blush creeping along my cheeks. I seriously hoped he blamed my red face on the heat.
When the three reached us the guy said, “Carley, Nick, how are you both?” His voice was smooth and somehow reminded me of winter nights. He wore a white button-down shirt and light-colored khaki shorts, and his hands were tucked into his pockets. Both the girls with him wore sundresses in dark blue with wedges and lots of jewelry.
Carley was just staring at the three of them standing over us. She looked too shocked to speak. Nick glared over at her briefly, then replied, “We’re good. Nice weather. How are you?” 
“I’m fine,” said the stranger. “Who’s your friend?” He had taken his eyes off me to talk to Nick, but now they focused on me again. Again I felt a wave of anger coming from him, but he kept his tone light. 
“This is Autumn. She’s staying with Carley for the summer. Who apparently suddenly doesn’t speak English,” said Nick sarcastically. “Autumn, this is Samuel Cheshire. Sorry Samuel, I don’t know who . . .” He faltered when he realized that he didn’t know the names of the two beautiful girls Samuel was with. 
“Lydia and Leslie. They’re my cousins,” said Samuel, pointing first at one girl, then at the other. Samuel didn’t bother to greet me. Instead, Lydia, the one with the short black hair, stepped forward with a simpering smile to shake my hand. 
This guy hates me and I have no idea why, I thought, desperately wanting them to leave. 
“Want to sit down?” Carley managed to croak out. 
Lydia and Leslie immediately sat down. Samuel stayed standing until Lydia tugged on his arm so fiercely that he was forced to sit. The girls spent a very long time arranging themselves with their dresses around them just so, while Samuel busied himself with looking anywhere but at me.
Once they were seated, Lydia and Leslie made small talk. They asked questions about us, showing an interest in our lives and activities. As soon as they started talking, both Carley and I were completely engrossed in everything they said, even if Carley barely managed to speak the whole time. A couple of times I had to answer for her. Nick seemed to like the girls well enough, but he would have been happier if Carley hadn’t seemed so nuts over Samuel Cheshire, who finally sat down, but stayed stony-faced.
I tried to study him without being obvious. It was made easier by the fact that he was still avoiding me like I had the plague. Even though I didn’t know him, it hurt. I hadn’t done anything to him. Now people who didn’t even know me hated me. What was going on, anyhow?
I wondered at my own reaction to him. Were all guys in Maine this gorgeous? I seriously doubted it. Nick definitely wasn’t, even though he was as nice as could be. Samuel was really attractive, except that he obviously wanted nothing to do with me. I didn’t find my interaction with him as shockingly unsettling as my interactions with Holt had been, but then again I wasn’t sneaking around on Samuel’s property and he hadn’t saved my life. 
I was so lost in my own thoughts that I barely registered it when Leslie said, “Well, since we’re all here, shall we play a game?” 
“What kind of game?” asked Carley, slowly getting over her shyness.
“No,” Samuel barked. He looked miserable. Carley and Nick looked at him in amazement, but his cousins ignored all his protests.
“How about Frisbee?” Leslie pointed to a bin at the edge of the sand that was filled with different-sized game balls and Frisbees. “Since we’re here, we might as well take advantage of the nice weather and move around some.”
Nick and Carley both just stared at her in shock. “Sure, let’s do it,” I said. Leslie beamed at me. While Samuel, throwing up his hands in exasperation, followed Nick to get the Frisbee, and Lydia and Leslie made a big show of having to take off their shoes, Carley whispered to me, “This is insane. Totally insane. For years Samuel Cheshire hasn’t said so much as four words to me, even though both our families have summered here for as long as I can remember. Now he’s talking to us!” 
I wasn’t sure you could call what Samuel was doing talking, more like giving a brooding stare, but I didn’t want to burst Carley’s bubble. 
“Don’t you think?” asked Carley, looking at me with wide questioning eyes.
Trying to be diplomatic I said, “He seems kind of cold.”
“He can warm me up anytime,” said Carley, grinning.
“Hey, we’re ready to play,” Nick called, waving us over. 
We played for almost two hours, and in every game Samuel found an excuse to not be on my team. I might have imagined it, but I thought that his cousins did everything they could to throw us together, no matter how hard he resisted. By the end of the afternoon I felt as miserable as he looked. Samuel Cheshire clearly hated me, and if Carley hadn’t been so in love with how gorgeous he was, she would have noticed. Since he did hate me, though, I wanted nothing to do with him, which was going to be hard, because my friends obviously liked him.
As the afternoon wore on I was surprised by how athletic the Cheshires were. They were clearly faster and stronger than Carley, Nick, and me. Samuel Cheshire particularly beat us all, and he clearly didn’t even have to try. 
Finally Samuel made it painfully clear that he was ready to leave. “We have stuff to do at home,” he said to Lydia and Leslie.
“Yeah, I guess we do,” said Lydia with a simpering smile, but she still looked reluctant to leave.
 “This was great,” Leslie said, smiling broadly around at the three of us as if she was in the middle of a beauty pageant. “We should do it again soon.”
“Yeah, I love getting trampled every game,” muttered Nick. Samuel laughed. It was the first happy sound I’d heard him make all afternoon. I didn’t want to admit it to myself, but it was a nice laugh.
Once the three Cheshires had left, Carley flopped back down on her towel and said, “I think if I died today. I’d die happy.”
Nick just scowled.
Chapter Five

After Samuel and his cousins left, we headed home as well. It was late in the afternoon; we were planning on making dinner and watching a movie later that night. I was happy with that plan, because I didn’t want to think about Samuel Cheshire and wonder what his problem with me was. Carley was voting for 50 First Dates, Nick wanted Inside Man. I had said I’d be happy with either, mostly because their bickering was funny.
Carley and I both wanted to nap after our day in the sun, so Nick went back to his house to shower and get ready before dinner. Despite the heat and the excitement of meeting Samuel, I managed to sleep for almost two hours. When I got up I went downstairs to the kitchen looking for Carley. She was already at work on dinner (pasta with alfredo sauce and a salad), and once that was ready we headed out to the porch with glasses of lemonade to wait for Nick. Carley sat in a blue rocking chair by the door while I lounged in a rainbow-colored hammock.
It was still hot outside, but it was late enough in the day and there was enough of a breeze so that the heat felt more pleasant than crushing. Once we’d settled in, the subject of Samuel came up almost instantly.
“I have no idea how that happened,” Carley repeated, as if the whole episode still shocked her. “He just . . . appeared. And liked us. At least the girls did!” 
“Why’s it so surprising?” I asked, stretching out in the hammock.
“Well, because the Cheshires don’t talk to us. I’ve been coming here” – she paused and scrunched up her face to think – “since I was a baby, and never once has any Cheshire come and talked to me. Let alone Samuel. He’s usually hanging out with the Roths or his family or something.” Again she totally glossed over the fact that he hated us. Or me.
“So, he’s good friends with the Roths?” I asked. It smelled sweet outside, like tall grass and flowers with just a hint of ocean, and I enjoyed breathing it in.
“Yeah, I mean I think so. I always see him with the Roths, mostly Holt and Holt’s cousin Susan, sometimes one of Holt’s little brothers. I see Holt with the Cheshire girls a lot, especially at the Solstice Party.”
“Tell me more about that,” I encouraged. I felt like a complete outsider, but luckily Carley didn’t seem to mind talking about the stuff that she had taken for granted for years.
“Ohhh, it’s the best,” she said, clasping her hands together in glee. “It’s literally the best part of the summer. People from everywhere want to go, but the Roths only invite Castleton residents. Seriously, I think some people have bought houses in this town just to get an invite.”
I didn’t really believe that. My parents would never do something like that, but I wasn’t going to say so to Carley. Instead I kept my mouth shut and went on listening.
“So, the Solstice Party is a party at the Roths’ house. Their whole house is open. Well, I guess not their upstairs and stuff, but their first floor is wide open, and of course their garden. They get tons of lights and food and music. Some of their lights are even in the shape of flowers. People play games in the street out front. And the best part of all is the clothes. Autumn, seriously, the dresses are amazing. I’ve never seen anything like it. The only dress code requirement is that the women’s clothes have sequins or sparkles somewhere. So, last year Holt’s mom wore this costume that looked like it was from the Victorian Period, full skirt and a bodice and everything, and it was all different shades of greens and blues, and just covered in sequins. Then to top it off she had this amazing necklace in the shape of a white rose pendant. I loved it. She looked so amazing. Even her hair had glitter in it. Definitely not something my mom would be caught dead in, but she could pull it off.” Carley was forced to pause and take a breath.
“Yeah, my mom won’t even put on a dress. She’s too busy arguing with my dad,” I said gloomily as I continued to rock gently back and forth. If she were here my mom probably wouldn’t even want to go. She’d be too busy working or whatever.
Trying to forget about my parents’ troubles I said, “So, what would we wear?” I was already worried. I’d had bad experiences with dresses and dances. When I was eleven I’d had to go to my aunt’s wedding and my mom hadn’t had time to take me dress shopping, so she’d just picked something up for me to wear. It had scarred me for life. She’d ended up choosing some taffeta disaster complete with frills that would have looked more at home on a pink stuffed animal horse. I shuddered. At least my mom wasn’t there to tell me what I couldn’t wear. 
“We’ll have to go shopping,” said Carley happily. “I’m sure Nick will drive us unless we find something in town. We’ll figure out a time to do that soon, because I don’t have anything to wear,” she said. She picked up her empty cup and filled it with more lemonade from the pitcher. “The party is in two weeks. Did you bring anything? I guess I forgot to tell you about it.”
“I brought a couple of cotton summer dresses, but that’s it,” I said. I was trying to enjoy the conversation, but Holt and Samuel both kept popping up in my head. “Are you sure they’ll let me go? I don’t technically live in town.”
“I think so,” said Carley. “I think . . . Hey, who’s that?” asked Carley, setting her glass down and leaning forward. She was staring past me down the driveway. 
I craned my neck around to see what she was looking at, but I could already hear what had caught her attention. Coming up the dirt driveway was an absurdly nice silver car. It looked familiar. The windows were tinted, so I couldn’t see who was driving, but that didn’t stop me from guessing.
“Maybe Nick got an upgrade,” I joked.
“Psh. Yeah, right,” said Carley. “I doubt it.”
The car rolled to a halt in front of the house, right next to Carley’s dad’s old beat-up Ford pickup, which, as Carley had explained apologetically, he used for hauling trash to the recycling center. 
As the car door opened I remembered that my brain needed air for me to stay conscious. Just as I was taking a deep breath (my face going into that unfortunate “O” look of surprise that you get when taking deep breaths), Holt Roth’s head popped up over the open car door.
“Hey,” he said, smiling at the both of us.
All the air I’d just sucked in went out in one shocked exhale. Carley was no better, but instead of being surprised she jumped to her feet so fast that her blue rocking chair was flung backwards. She was forced to grab hold of it while trying not to spill the drink in her other hand.
Once she’d steadied the chair she went dashing down her front steps to meet Holt,  who closed his car door and came toward us. Before he’d even reached the steps Carley was saying, “Hi, how are you? Can we help you with something?” Her face was literally glowing. 
I still sat motionless on the porch. After a speedy assessment of my feelings about seeing Holt Roth drive up to the front door, I realized that I was surprised more than anything. He’d been nice the night before to lead me out of his garden and not be angry at me for upsetting his watchdog. Not to mention the whole saving my life thing. Maybe his showing up at my friend’s house had nothing to do with me. Maybe I was born a redhead. 
By the time I’d thought all this through, Holt and Carley had come onto the porch and Carley was offering Holt lemonade. It took me a breath to realize that he hadn’t answered her. He wasn’t responding because he was staring at me.
Finally he said, “No thanks.” 
Not wanting to sit there like a mute and hoping like hell I sounded casual I said, “Hi, how are you?” He gave me a very warm smile, but he also kept his distance from me. It instantly reminded me of the night before, when he hadn’t shaken my hand. He had shaken Carley’s! What did he think I had, some terrible skin disease? 
“I’m good. Just wanted to make sure you got home alright,” he said, tucking his hands into his pockets. He was dressed more casually today, in a white t-shirt and green swim trunks. 
“I did, thanks,” I said. “Sorry again.” I awkwardly tried to sit up in the hammock so that I wouldn’t be looking at him sideways.
“No problem,” he replied. He looked up at the house. “It’s nice to be back here again so soon.”
“Want to sit down?” asked Carley, sitting back in her own seat as if he needed a demonstration.
I started to protest that he probably had other things to do than just sit around with us and wait for Nick, but he grinned and said, “Of course. Thanks.” He had such a nice smile.
“So, um, sorry, but I thought we were together last night,” said Carley, glaring at me as she finally caught on that Holt had said he’d seen me. “What’s he talking about?”
I explained to her what had happened when I went back to the house to get my wallet. When I had finished telling her the gist of the story she looked like she was ready to faint. Holt had taken a seat in a white wicker chair next to Carley, facing me, with his legs stretched out in front of him. 
She might have said, “You got lost in his backyard? That’s awful and what an inconvenience for you. You must have been so frustrated,” but she didn’t say any of that to me, nor did she say, “You must have been scared getting lost in a town you’d never been in before,” or “My fault for showing you the shortcut in the first place.” 
No, she was looking at Holt apologetically. He’d sat quietly as I told the story, but now he said, “Not at all. I’m glad I was there to help.” 
Out of the corner of my eye I thought I saw something twitch, so I turned my head slightly to get a better look. Was it just my imagination, or were the garden plants in the front yard and in the hanging baskets along the porch straining in our direction? I inhaled deeply and realized just how incredibly fragrant summer was here. But I wondered. Had it smelled this good a few minutes ago? It must have. I dismissed my concerns and returned to listening to the conversation. Holt was giving me a look that I couldn’t interpret.
“See, he says it’s fine,” I told Carley, glaring back at her. She sounded like my mother.
“What are you two up to for the rest of the night?” Holt asked, politely changing the subject.
“We were going to watch 50 First Dates with Nick,” said Carley, instantly forgetting all about my being rude to the Roths. “But he has to get here first.”
“Oh, is Nick your boyfriend?” he asked me.
I was so surprised by the question that I stammered over the answer. “No, he’s a friend of Carley’s.” Most guys don’t come right out and ask a direct question like that. I was impressed that he had the guts to do it.
“I see,” he said, and his smile got wider. Somehow I thought he’d been expecting that answer. Also, somehow I felt like he liked making me blush.
Carley was giving me the oddest look, but I ignored it.
A noise to my left made me look at the driveway. Sure enough, Nick was pulling up in his beat-up old car. He had to maneuver so that he didn’t block Holt’s car in, but eventually he managed to park and walk up to the porch. 
He’d changed into a dark blue t-shirt and clay-colored khakis, and his pale skin had that freshly scrubbed look you have right when you get out of the shower. His red hair was damp on the top of his head.
“Nick,” said Carley, “this is Holt Roth.” Nick offered Holt his hand and Holt took it and shook, making me even more puzzled about why he wouldn’t touch me.
I moved over a bit so that Nick could sit down on the hammock next to me. As he got himself comfortable I heard him mutter, “Why are the two most popular guys in Castleton suddenly hanging around Carley? This summer is starting to suck.” Trying to comfort him I gave him a pat on the back. 
“Holt, do you want to watch that movie with us?” Carley asked. 
Nick, looking at the floor, nodded to himself as if his worst fears in the world had just been confirmed. He looked like his favorite dog had just died. Carley didn’t seem to notice, but Holt did. He gave me a small smile.
“Actually, I was hoping Autumn would go for a walk with me.” Turning to me he said, “I thought you might like to know a few more people around here, and I could show you the town. We can talk about food more. Plus, it’s a great night.” It was a great night. It hadn’t gotten too cold and there still wasn’t a cloud in the sky.
Nick’s head snapped up. “I think that’s a great idea. Autumn definitely needs friends . . . Wait, that sounds wrong. I mean, you could use more friends.” He faltered again. With her hands Carley did the motion of a shovel digging an ever deeper hole for him to climb out of. “Wait, no, still wrong. No one can ever have too many friends. Sorry,” he finished lamely. 
I tried to keep from laughing, but I broke out into a fit of giggles when Carley said, “Nice, Nick. That hole’s so deep you could see China.”
Nick knew she was kidding, but he still blushed and said, “Sorry, Autumn.”
I pretended to think about it. I had already seen 50 First Dates, but I didn’t want to admit that I had liked Holt from the instant I’d seen him, much less that it felt like meeting an old friend. “It might be nice to see more of Castleton,” I said. Holt beamed.
“Tonight? We had plans,” Carley whined.
“I’ve seen 50 First Dates before,” I pointed out. “A bunch of times. And Adam Sandler doesn’t really try very hard in that movie.”
“Who’s Adam Sandler?” Holt asked.
I gaped at him. Literally gaped. All three of us did.
“Don’t you watch movies? TV?” Nick asked, before Carley had a chance to engage him in conversation again.
Holt gave an easy shrug. “Not really. I spend most of my time outside.”
“And where exactly is that? Where do you spend your time? Outside?” I asked. Maybe on a different day he’d be more open to questions, but he wasn’t today, any more than yesterday.
“Here and there,” he said, grinning. “Here in the summer, California and Arizona for most of the winter. I like to be in warm places. Everyone in my family does.”
“Maybe all four of us should go for a walk,” Carley cut in. “As you said, it’s such a nice night and all.”
“Carley, you and I know our way around Castleton. That’s what happens when you come here every summer for sixteen years. Let’s just watch the movie,” said Nick. Carley didn’t look thrilled, but after a moment of hesitation she agreed.
“Okay, you two have fun,” I said, standing up. I felt a little bad about ditching them, but I was spending the whole summer with Carley. It wouldn’t be good if we never did anything separately. Plus, I liked Holt. He was nice and had instantly understood how Nick felt about Carley and tried to make it clear that he wasn’t interested in her. What he was interested in, though, was a complete mystery to me. You’d think if he liked me he would have found excuses to touch me by this point, instead of touching other people and avoiding me. 
Before I walked off the porch Carley grabbed my arm and whispered to me, “You’re leaving me alone with Nick? I’ll need glue remover to get rid of him after this.”
I grinned and said, “Worse things could happen.” Then I followed Holt down the steps while Nick held the front door open for Carley. With a huff of frustration she went inside, with Nick following.

Once Holt and I were safely away from the house I turned to him and asked, “So, how’d you know that Nick liked her?” 
Holt laughed. “It’s pretty clear, isn’t it? But she doesn’t have a clue?”
He was right. I’d seen it instantly too. “Nope,” I said, grinning. “She just thinks they’re good friends and he always wants to hang out because he’s bored. And she talks a lot about how annoying he is, but I know that’s just talk. She really cares about him. They’ve been good friends for years.”
“He might be bored, but he definitely likes her,” said Holt. Switching subjects he asked, “Where do you want to walk to?”
“I’m not sure. I guess I’d like to see more of the town,” I said. Really, I had no idea what there was to see.
“Let’s head toward your coffee shop then,” he replied, smiling.
“What do you mean ‘my’ coffee shop?” I asked.
“You work there, don’t you?” he asked, seeming surprised.
“Starting tomorrow, but how’d you know?” How did Holt know all this stuff? 
“It’s a small town. Word gets around,” he answered casually.
“But your family keeps to itself,” I blurted out without thinking. Luckily, instead of being offended, Holt threw his head back and laughed. “Something like that, yeah.” 
As we walked down the street, every person we passed stopped to say hello to Holt. Many had wide smiles on their faces, and they all seemed irrepressibly happy to see him. He chatted with every one of them and he definitely didn’t look like he kept to himself. It looked like he knew everyone in town and all of their visiting relatives, too. 
Finally, after what felt like the millionth person greeted him that way, I said sarcastically, “I had no idea you were so popular around here.”
He looked at me with surprise, but all he said was, “Yes, I know you didn’t.”
I had no idea what that meant, other than that I hadn’t been all over him the first, or the second, time I had seen him. 
“Why are they all so happy to see you?” I prodded. I was thinking about the girls at the airport. They had reacted the exact same way.
“You don’t believe it’s because of my wit and charm?” he asked, grinning.
“No one’s that happy to see anyone,” I muttered.
“Of course they are. When your parents see you, aren’t they really happy?”
I thought about my parents. They were probably having a screaming match even as we spoke. I shook my head. “I don’t know. I know they’d be happy to see me.” I just wasn’t so sure they were happy to see each other. 
Holt could see that talking about my parents made me sad. Without a word he reached into a flower bed at the side of one the building we were passing. He plucked out a gorgeous blue flower and gently stroked the petals before he handed it to me. Even without putting it to my nose I could smell its wonderful fragrance. The flower instantly cheered me up a bit and I thanked him for it.
The two of us continued to walk for most of the evening, even after it got dark enough for the street and shop lights to come on. At one point we stopped and got ice cream “From the best darn ice cream shop in Maine,” according to the sign. But once it was fully dark, Holt led me home. 
We had talked the whole time, mostly about random stuff, but I had enjoyed it and it had distracted me from everything that was going on in my life. It wasn’t like the time had flown by without my noticing, but I knew I could spend countless nights like that and still be really happy. 
Holt might like hanging out with me, but it was pretty clear that he just wanted to be friends, and the thing that had nagged at me earlier came back at the end of the evening. I couldn’t help but notice that when we got back to Carley’s house and Holt’s car, he still hadn’t touched me. Not even a brush against the arm. I told myself it was fine because I didn’t like him that way either. No big deal.
“Can I see you again?” he asked. I was standing on the porch and he stood on one of the steps.
“You’re the one who said it was a small town. I’m sure we’ll see each other,” I replied. He just waited. I realized that I hadn’t sounded friendly at all. Leave it to me to be so awkward that I was in danger of pushing away someone I liked. “Sure, hanging out again would be great,” I said. This time he smiled. 
I waited on the porch until after his taillights were out of sight down the road. When I turned to go inside I noticed that all of Carley’s mom’s flowers surrounding the house seemed to be glowing.
Chapter Six

When I got in I checked on Carley and Nick. They were watching another movie, so I decided to shower and go to bed. I fell asleep with lots of questions about flowers running through my head.
In the morning Carley and I had our first shift of work at UP UP and Away. I couldn’t say I was excited, but since it was cloudy and looked like it might rain, staying inside was probably a good idea.
Once we got to the coffee shop, Carley ran me through a quick review of everything I needed to know. Mostly I would just be at the cash register (we wouldn’t even be working much, said Mrs. Fritters; only a couple of times a week), but I still needed to know where everything was. By early afternoon I had the hang of it enough so that I started ringing people up. Luckily it had been a quiet morning, with most people probably relaxing at home and not wanting to get caught outside for fear it would start pouring. 
I hadn’t had much of a chance to talk to Carley yet, but I knew she would ask about all the details of my evening with Holt as soon as she got the chance. For some reason I was dreading it. Carley clearly had a crush on Holt, which was why Nick had been so mad when he got to the house last night, but Holt had chosen to hang out with me. I knew she wouldn’t like it.
Suddenly, during a lull, Carley, who was running the barista station, said, “How do you get two gorgeous guys talking to you within twenty-four hours? While I get stuck with good old friend Nick . . . Not fair. Speaking of which . . .” she said as she looked toward the door Nick was just walking through. 
“Miss me?” he asked.
“Yeah, but my aim is improving daily,” she said, hefting a ceramic mug as if she was a quarterback ready to throw.
I moved to the cash register. “Hi, Nick, how can I help you?” I asked, grinning at the shocked look on his face.
“You can get him a helmet,” Carley muttered. 
“I love you, too,” he said jokingly, putting his hands over his heart.
Carley called out to Mrs. Fritters, “Can I take my break now?” When she heard Mrs. Fritters agree, she tossed off her apron and went to join Nick on the other side of the counter.
“She didn’t sleep well,” I said apologetically. Carley grinned at me. “I was only kidding.”
Nick took his iced coffee and went over to sit with Carley at the same table he’d been at when I’d met him a couple of nights ago. I started to organize stuff behind the counter (Carley had already told me that Mrs. Fritters hated it when we just stood around) when I heard the bell on the door ding softly. Instead of spinning right around I continued to organize the sugars, to give the person a minute to look at the menu. 
“Excuse me?” 
I stuck the last sugar on the shelf and turned around. Leslie Cheshire, the one with long hair, was waiting for me. To my dismay, Samuel was with her. She was wearing a short summer dress, and all I could think was that she must be having a hard time walking in those heels. 
Trying to be friendly, I smiled at Samuel. A look of surprise briefly crossed his face, but then it settled back into his usual scowl. He didn’t smile back. Today he was dressed in a black t-shirt and khaki shorts, and his hands were once again resting in his pockets.
“I heard you worked here,” said Leslie, smiling at me. “Nice to know the gossip mill is still going strong.”
Samuel stared hard at the menu.
“You remember Samuel,” said Leslie, not seeming to notice that Samuel was very unhappy that she was talking to me. 
“Hi again,” I said politely. 
He merely nodded and went back to memorizing the board.
“We’d like two iced coffees to go, please,” Leslie said to me.
Turning to Samuel, she asked, “We don’t need to rush out of here, do we?”
Then, turning back to me, she said, “Still, you can put them in to-go cups if that’s easier.”
“Fine,” Samuel muttered. “Just as long as she doesn’t touch it.”
I had no idea what that meant, but Samuel looked uncomfortable. Leslie looked angry.
“I brought Nick something,” Samuel said, waving the white and blue Frisbee he held in his left hand. “So that he never has to borrow one or use the beach’s if he wants to play again.”
“Oh, that’s nice,” I said. “He’s over there.” I pointed toward Nick, who waved to Samuel and his cousin, motioning for them to join him. Leslie made a noise that I would have said was a groan if it had come from someone who looked less stuck up, but I was sure Leslie would never stoop to groaning in public. Leslie had just been so nice to me that I wondered at her reaction to Nick.
“Alright, alright,” she said to Samuel, “only because . . . you know.” As she reached over to pick up her drink I noticed a strange design on the inside of her arm. I say it was a design instead of a tattoo because it was light-colored, almost so faint as not even to be there. It was gone in a flash. After she’d grabbed up her drink she went over to sit with Nick, while Samuel waited for his coffee to be ready. 
I couldn’t imagine a more awkward situation. He clearly didn’t want to be there, but Leslie had ditched him and I was pretty sure it was intentional, which again left me wondering what was going on.
As soon as his drink was ready, I quickly tried to hand it to him. He just stared at it until I set it down on the counter, then he picked it up and walked away.
It might just have been my imagination, but I could have sworn that after he left the area around the counter, the air got warmer. Maybe a draft was coming through one of the windows and the wind had just shifted; it was probably just a coincidence, I decided. Shrugging, I got back to organizing the shelves and ignored my new friends at their table. 
The rest of the morning went on like that. Carley came back from her break and we helped a steady flow of customers. There weren’t a lot of places in Castleton to get coffee, so UP UP and Away was pretty popular. Plus, it was right in the center of town.
It got to the point that when I heard customers come in and I was performing some little chore behind the counter, I finished up what I was doing before I helped them, because otherwise I’d never get everything done. 
I was performing one of these tasks (putting to-go bags under the register), when I heard a customer come in. When I finally turned around, I saw that it was Holt. He was wearing a blue shirt and light khakis, as well as a black bracelet, something that Nick would have been teased for if he had worn it. Somehow, though, it managed to make Holt look even more attractive. It was the first time I had seen him with other people along, two girls, both of whom looked like they were nearer my age than his, maybe even a little younger. One girl’s hair was the color of oranges in the sun, and I vaguely wondered if it was natural. The other girl’s was a deep blond, kind of like Holt’s.
The three were met with a chorus of hellos from the other customers in UP UP and Away. They greeted everyone back, taking several minutes to actually come to where I was at the register.
As soon as I saw Holt I realized that in the surprise of having him show up at Carley’s house the night before, I’d forgotten to ask how his dog was doing. 
Before he could even open his mouth to say hi I’d blurted out the question. The girl standing next to him gave him a sharp look but said nothing. “He’s good,” said Holt, as if he hadn’t even seen her look.
“How are you?” he asked.
“I’m good,” I managed to say through my embarrassment.
“These are two friends of mine. This is Casey,” he said, pointing to one of the girls, “and this is Susan.” They both had nice firm handshakes and they each gave me a smile. “They’re staying at the house.” Casey was short with the reddish orange hair, while Susan was very tall and seemed taller because she was wearing heels. 
“Oh, that’s awesome,” I said, glad that they weren’t as rude as Samuel had been.
Now that I had remembered Samuel, I glanced over at the table he was sharing with Nick. I was shocked to see a cold stare on his face. But he wasn’t glaring at me, he was glaring at Holt. I remembered what Nick and Carley had told me about them, that the two families knew each other; maybe there was bad blood. That was surely the only way to explain the look that was on Samuel’s face right now. Both Samuel and Holt were about the same age, after all. Maybe they’d played each other in sports and were rivals or something. Next to him Leslie sat stone still, with an almost identical look on her face. Yes, there was definitely something between the Roths and the Cheshires, and it looked like I might be in the middle of it, though I had no idea why.
I could feel the tension, and I was sure Holt could feel it too, but he was simply reading the menu. If he knew there was something wrong he didn’t show it. I waited, tapping my pencil.
“I’ll just have a coffee,” he said finally, looking at me and smiling. 
“I want that scone,” said Casey, pointing to one of the blueberry ones in the case. 
“I’ll have a scone too,” said Susan. 
Once I’d gotten them their orders, Casey looked at Holt as if she was waiting for instructions, but Holt just sat down at the counter, right next to where I was standing, and started to drink his coffee. 
Both girls looked uneasy. Instead of sitting with Holt they found a table in the far corner, as far away from Samuel and Leslie as possible. 
I felt a little weird. I couldn’t figure this guy out. He wouldn’t touch me, got nervous when I tried to touch him (or at least I imagined he would), but wanted to hang out with me despite the fact that Samuel and Leslie apparently didn’t like it. Well, I didn’t care what Samuel liked or didn’t like. At all. At least Castleton wasn’t as boring as home. This definitely wasn’t boring.
Mrs. Fritters came over and said, “Oh, Holt dear, so nice to see you.” She said it but it didn’t exactly sound as if she meant it. Holt responded that it was nice to see her as well. “I have to run to the flower shop and pick up more arrangements,” she continued, looking at me this time. “I’ll be back soon. Hold the fort!” Out of the corner of my eye I thought I saw Holt flinch. That was weird, but my attention returned to Mrs. Fritters as she left in a whirl of noise and color. 
“What are you up to for the rest of the day?” Holt asked.
“I think after work we’re just going to head home,” I said. “Maybe watch a movie.” 
Talking to Holt about movies and stuff was all well and good, but I had a question for him. I had actually decided not to ask him, because I didn’t know him very well, but now that he was sitting there chatting with me, maybe I could. Crossing my fingers that he wouldn’t take offense I asked, “What’s with you and the flowers? Is it kind of like what happened at the airport?”
I had obviously taken him off guard, because he was taking a sip of coffee when I asked and he almost choked on it. 
“What are you talking about?” he asked, trying to sound casual.
“You know what I mean. All the flowers around you, like, I don’t know . . . get happy when they see you or something,” I said. Now that I had said it I could tell how ridiculous it sounded.
He was giving me the oddest look, but I couldn’t interpret it.
Finally he said, “My family likes to garden. And nothing happened at the airport.”
“Garden?”
“Yeah, you know, down in the soil. Maybe that’s what you mean. Look,” he said, cutting me off, “we should go. I’ll see you later.” And with that he got up. As soon as he stood, Susan and Casey were both at his side, ready to leave. I barely had time to wave before they were out the door. I didn’t even care that all the flowers in the place smelled fantastic now. What had I done? 
I glanced at Nick’s table. Samuel and Leslie were still sitting there, but neither would look at me. Leslie at least had a good reason not to, because she was sitting there, quietly texting. 

Carley got off work a little before I did, because that night she was going to have dinner with a couple who were friends with her parents. She said she would have invited me, but there was no point in both of us being miserable all evening. Nick was busy at a summer league baseball game, so I was on my own. After Carley left I helped Mrs. Fritters clean up and get ready for the night of music.
At one point she said the oddest thing: “I hope you don’t spend too much time with that Holt boy.” But I merely shrugged and she dropped it.
She let me go around eight. Instead of walking home and having to make the decision about whether or not to cut through Holt’s yard, I headed for the little grocery store a few doors down the street.
Once I had gotten everything on the list Carley and I had made that morning, I headed home. The streets were almost dark, and since the night was cooling off I stopped briefly to put a cardigan on over my white top. I waved to a couple of customers I’d had earlier in the day who were now seated on a street bench, enjoying ice cream from the same place I’d gone to with Holt.
There were very few cars out, so when I heard a car drive up behind me I didn’t even bother to turn around. I knew it wasn’t Holt; his car had given off a soft sort of purr, while this one sounded louder. I assumed the car would just pass me and in a breath I’d see taillights. Instead it stayed behind me, while I walked along in the light of its headlights. When I turned around to see what was going on, I had the unsettling realization that the car was following me. 
A chill ran down my spine. My mind instantly went to an image of my being dragged off and kidnapped. The headlights were so bright I couldn’t see inside, and it wasn’t a car I recognized. 
I walked faster, but the car kept pace. When I turned down my own road the car came to a stop. About to break into a run, I heard my name: “Autumn.” It was a simpering female voice I’d heard just that morning: Leslie.
The difference a day makes was astounding. Just the day before at the beach she had been happy to see me. Even that morning she’d been nice. Now she was trying to run me over. I couldn’t for the life of me figure out what I’d done.
I turned around and glared. “What do you think you’re doing following me?” I asked. I was tired and I’d had a long day, and a car following me along a deserted road in an unfamiliar town at night was creepy. 
Then I got a good look at her. In the dark of night she looked different, frozen and hollow somehow. The bones in her cheeks protruded more than I remembered them doing and her hair was even blacker. I shrank away a little.
“Just wanted to have a little chat,” she said, stepping completely out of her car. In the dark I couldn’t see what type it was, but I could tell that it was black and very nice. I frowned and stood still, wondering what was going on. I felt like since I had come to Maine I had had nothing but questions.
The passenger door opened and Lydia stepped out. She looked the same as Leslie, somehow more menacing than she had earlier. Both girls were dressed in slinky black dresses and their hair was done up. And I feel like it’s hard to look menacing in five inch high heels.
They came toward me. Samuel’s cousins’ eyes were sparkling like hard little black diamonds in the night. 
“What do you want?” I asked, trying to hide the fact that I was now very uncomfortable. 
I didn’t even know these girls, but they’d been really nice to me until now.
“Just to have a little chat,” Leslie continued in that soft and threatening voice. With every step she took toward me I felt my body getting colder.
“About what?” I tried to think of what someone brave would do in this situation, but I utterly failed to come up with anything. 
“Do you feel threatened?” Leslie asked, frowning prettily. She tried to act surprised, but she ended up smiling. “I don’t mean to scare you.” I was like ninety-eight percent sure she was lying about that.
“Scare me? Why would I be scared?” I asked. Well, if I wasn’t actually going to be brave the next best thing was to fake it.
Leslie, who was shorter and more talkative than Lydia, took another step forward. “You should be. Whether or not you know why. You should be.” She was glaring at me so I glared back. 
“This is ridiculous,” I said. “Just say what you came to say and leave me alone.” I was painfully aware of the fact that I was out alone at night and that no one knew where I was. There was one of me and two of them.
Neither of them said anything, so I waited. I obviously wasn’t going anywhere.
“Stay away from Holt,” said Lydia finally, looking at Leslie. “We came to say: Stay. AWAY. From Holt Roth.” She stepped up to me, putting her face right in front of mine. I tried not to flinch away, but it was hard. She was cold and her eyes had gone as hard as crystals. She was frighteningly dangerous, that much was clear, even if nothing else was.
Before I could think of a word to say I heard the crunching of a foot on dirt, and out of the darkness came Holt’s voice, “What do you think you’re doing?” He sounded angry. Very angry. I could see that his face was contorted in rage and his eyes never left Lydia and Leslie. 
I would never admit how relieved I was to see him.
He walked over to the girls, looking like a summer storm cloud about to burst, all black and gray with a promise of thunder and lightening. My traitorous mind added that even his anger couldn’t dim how attractive he was.
“What do you think you’re doing meddling in this?” he demanded.
“It’s you,” Lydia hissed, “who shouldn’t be meddling in this. You should leave well enough alone. You are going to ruin everything. Again. And for what?” She tried to have a staring contest with him, but it was clear she was no match for him. When she broke eye contact Leslie said, “Come on Lydia. We did what we came to do.”
I could see that Holt was breathing hard, and I could tell he was trying to keep his temper and not do something rash. 
But otherwise I had no clue what was going on.

Once the two girls had driven off in a squeal of tires and dirt, Holt took a deep breath and turned to me. “Are you alright?” he asked. He looked completely panic-stricken. “You look cold.” Before I could answer he had shrugged out of his dinner jacket and was putting it around my shoulders. 
“They want me to stay away from you?” I asked, realizing that I was close to yelling. “They can’t tell me what to do and neither can you. Shit, my parents can barely tell me what to do since they’re too busy fighting!” I knew that I was upset because I was afraid, but having two girls stalk you in a car is scary! Nothing remotely like it had ever happened to me before.
“Look, I’m sorry about that. My life is . . . complicated,” said Holt. His face looked pained.
“What does that mean? And what does it have to do with all those Cheshires? Samuel doesn’t even like me, so what do his cousins care who I hang out with? And why are you all so good looking?” I asked, throwing out that last bit before I had a chance to think about it. I blushed.
Luckily, he ignored it. “Look, just relax. How about we go back to your place? I can’t tell you everything I’d like to, but I promise they won’t bother you again,” he said, his eyes locked on me, pleading.
“So, you aren’t going to explain to me what the Cheshires were doing telling me not to see you?” I asked. “Would you ever let people tell you what to do?”
He gave an exasperated sigh. “Some things I can’t choose. I’d like to, but I can’t. I promise I’d like to tell you, but there are some things I can’t control.”
I shook my head. “That’s not good enough. Weird stuff happens around you. Like the airport and the flowers and my getting stalked. Well, forget it. I’m going to bed.” And with that I turned and walked away from him.
“Autumn,” he called after me. “Autumn, wait.”
I turned around. It was late and I was tired. Earlier that day I had been glad my summer finally wasn’t boring, but now I was scared. “Look, we can still hang out. That’s fine, but until you’re ready to tell me what’s going on, don’t expect me to just do what I’m told. It’s a skill I never mastered.”
And with that I spun on my heel and headed for home.
Chapter Seven

After my run-in with the Cheshire girls, I tried to wait up until Carley got home. I wanted to fill her in on everything and see what she thought, because she knew everyone around here better than I did. 
I put the groceries away and sat down to watch TV, but instead of staying up for Carley, I must have fallen asleep on the couch. That’s where I woke up the next morning with a blanket over me and the television turned off. I had no idea when Carley had come home.
The soft sound of rain against the windows was the only noise in the house. I sat up and stretched. Sleeping sideways on the couch wasn’t comfortable. 
I got up and went to my room to shower and change. When I came back down to the kitchen I could hear Carley making breakfast. 
“Good morning,” she called, hearing my steps on the stairs.
“Hey,” I said, walking into the kitchen. She was still dressed in her PJs. I still wanted to talk to her about the Cheshire girls.
“Why’d you fall asleep on the couch?” she asked as she got both of us bowls of Honey Bunches of Oats.
“You wouldn’t believe the night I had,” I told her, picking up my spoon and starting to eat. 
“What? Tell me now,” she said, sitting down.
I told her everything. I hadn’t had a chance to talk to her about Holt and Samuel both coming into the coffee shop and what they had said, so I also told her that. And I told her all about my walk home and the Cheshire girls confronting me. 
Carley sat through my whole story without saying a word. At particularly important points she might make a little gasp and her eyes would go wide, but that was it. When I had finished, she was outraged. She stood up and paced around the kitchen, ranting about people who thought they were better than others. “Who are they to tell you that you can’t see him? The nerve” was something she said at least five times before I got another word in. She also totally disagreed with me that Samuel openly disliked me, but I knew that was only because she was too busy batting her eyelashes and making a pouty face at him to notice his open hatred.
I wanted to laugh, but I was glad my friend was outraged on my behalf.
“Weren’t you angry yesterday that I was talking to them?” I asked.
She stopped pacing. “I just think it’s odd . . . I mean, why you?” she asked. “They’ve gone all these years happily ignoring us and suddenly they’re following you around town like lovesick puppies. WTF?” 
“I wouldn’t say that’s what they’re doing,” I replied, blushing furiously. “Holt and I just hung out once.” And he clearly just wants to be friends. If that.
“Yeah, okay,” said Carley, rolling her eyes. “The point is, those girls had no business telling you to stay away from Holt, and if they were going to do that why not tell you to stay away from Samuel as well?” 
“I have no idea. They’ve obviously decided they don’t like me, so I’d think they’d want me to stay away from Samuel more than they’d care about Holt. In the café yesterday Leslie glared at Holt when he started talking to me,” I said thoughtfully. It really didn’t make sense.
“And Holt wouldn’t tell you anything?” she asked.
I shook my head. “He apologized, but said there was stuff he couldn’t tell me. He refuses to answer a lot of my questions.”
“Maybe he’s betrothed,” Carley suggested. “To one of the Cheshires.”
I stared at her. It was something I hadn’t thought of. Actually, I really had no idea why he’d have to stay away from me while Samuel didn’t, except that maybe it made sense if he was involved with a Cheshire. 
“Why wouldn’t he just say that? And why wouldn’t they act like a couple?” I asked reasonably. “Plus, we just hung out once and they’re getting pissed.”
“I don’t know. Maybe they don’t actually like each other or something,” said Carley.
“It’s the twenty-first century. Stuff like betrothals doesn’t happen anymore,” I scoffed. 
“How do you know? There are seven billion people in the world. Do you know all of them?” Carley demanded.
“Don’t be annoying,” I said primly, finishing my cereal and trying not to think about Holt engaged. 
“Anyhow, are you okay?” asked Carley. “Don’t let those girls get to you. Obviously they’re prettier than their manners.” 
“No, it’s fine,” I said. “I’ll ignore them. What could they possibly do to me anyway?” 
“I mean, they could probably do lots if they wanted to . . .” She grinned when I threw the dishtowel at her. “Holt told them to leave me alone. I have a feeling they’ll listen.”
“Anyway, my night was boring,” Carley said, grabbing an apple from the fruit bowl and sitting on the counter while I finished the dishes. She told me all about dinner with her parents’ friends. “They have two kids under ten who are both apparently complete terrors. They like to hide on each other and then leap out and attack. The parents have to separate them. Actually, it sounds a lot like me and Charlie.”
I laughed. Once she’d finished talking about her night, she glanced outside at the steady rain that was still coming down. “Anyway,” she said, “Nick was going to come over in a bit. My mom wants me to clean and stuff and Nick offered to help, but I think we might just play cards. You can see what he thinks about those Cheshire girls, although I warn you he’s a guy and will probably just say they’re hot.”
“Sounds good,” I said. 
We didn’t have long to wait. Five minutes after I was done with dishes the doorbell rang. Before either of us could get to the door, Nick’s voice called, “Hey, you home?” 
“In the kitchen,” Carley called. 
Nick came down the hallway looking damp. His hair was covered in a fine slick of water like droplets on a window, and the edges of his long-sleeved T and the bottoms of his jeans were wet.
“How’s the weather?” I asked, grinning.
“I love driving in downpours,” he replied sarcastically.
“Cards?” Carley asked.
“Samuel’s coming over,” said Nick cheerfully. “He called me this morning and I told him I was heading here and invited him to tag along.” Nick was now looking from one to the other of us in confusion, as we’d both uttered horrified gasps at almost the exact same instant.
“What’s the problem?” he asked, bewildered.
Carley looked at me as if she didn’t want to tell anything she shouldn’t. Not knowing how much time I had before Samuel got here, I filled Nick in on what had happened with the Cheshire girls the night before.
“Well, so what? You aren’t hanging out with Holt. You’re hanging out with Samuel. And we’ll be here. He doesn’t hate you,” said Nick, shrugging it off.
“Yeah, but he must know what happened with his cousins,” I said desperately. “And he does hate me!”
“He wouldn’t be coming over if he hated you,” Carley pointed out unhelpfully. 
“The Cheshires are used to getting their way. So are the Roths,” said Nick. “Every time the Roths have gone to the Castleton Planning Board because they wanted to change this or that about their property lines or anything else, the town caved. Every. Time. The Cheshires are the same way. I know it doesn’t sound like a big deal, but everyone in the town does what they want. If they don’t want you to hang out with Holt, they will make your life a living hell until they get their way.”
Carley couldn’t have cared less about their influence on the town. “Personally, I think Holt’s hotter, but not by much.”
Nick made a strangled noise. Carley didn’t notice.
Before I could answer, my phone rang. I hopped off the counter and grabbed it. It was a local number, but not one I recognized.
“Hi,” I said.
“Hi, Autumn?” asked a familiar voice.
“Holt! How’d you get this number,” I asked.
“Carley gave it to me yesterday when I asked. I hadn’t been planning on calling you for the first time when you were mad at me, though,” he said drily. 
I wanted to laugh, but I managed to hold my tongue. He wasn’t going to joke his way out of this. Not without some explanations.
“Okay, what do you want?” I asked. I looked from Nick to Carley, who were watching me with interest.
“Just to talk,” he responded. “Want to get dinner? Maybe do something earlier?” 
“I’m busy now,” I said. “Samuel’s going to come over.”
I didn’t know why I said that. I guess I just wanted to piss Holt off. 
It worked. There was a long silence on the other end of the line. “So, is that a no to dinner?” he asked. His voice sounded so sad.
“Dinner’s fine,” I said.
“I’ll see you at seven, then,” he said, and hung up. 
I immediately turned to glare at Carley.
She was grinning. “He’s just so cute!” she finally broke down and squealed. 
Nick was saved from exploding by the doorbell. “I’ll get it,” he said, muttering something under his breath about how complicated girls are.
“Are you two coming?” Nick called from the living room. I followed Carley down the hall. Samuel was standing by the sofa, looking as good as ever, all black hair and blue eyes. Even though it was wet and rainy out he was wearing jeans and a t-shirt today, because somehow guys are never cold. 
“Hey,” said Carley. “Can I get you anything? Soda? Iced tea? Water?”
“Water would be great,” said Samuel, sitting on the couch. Nick took a seat on the other couch, which left me to decide if I wanted to sit next to Nick or Samuel. I chose Nick.
“Hey, Autumn,” said Samuel. I could tell from the flush of color on his face that he knew what had happened the night before. I wondered who had told him. Had his cousins gone home and said that they had threatened me? Maybe I had it all wrong and Samuel had ordered them to follow and scare me. What if Samuel had told them to tell me to stay away from Holt? What if he didn’t feel bad about it at all? I knew that didn’t make sense, though. Lydia and Leslie didn’t exactly look like they were in charge of Samuel, but for some reason they definitely had an influence over him.
Still, I got angry all over again.
“So, I saw your family last night,” I said. I’d been planning on letting things settle down before I brought it up, or waiting to see if he would, but the idea that he was sending girls out to do his bidding made me really angry.
Nick, who was next to me dealing out cards for a game of Hearts, paused. Samuel, who was just accepting the glass of water Carley was offering him, looked at me, his blue eyes impossible to read.
“Yeah, I’m sorry about that,” he said. His tone was slow and careful, but it wasn’t very sorry. He didn’t look at me.
“Did you tell them to do it?” I asked, frowning.
He genuinely looked surprised. “No, I didn’t, but I thought they might do something like that.” Carley gave a small gasp of surprise. I finally accepted the cards Nick had been trying to hand me for the last three or four breaths and tried to get myself under control.
“You don’t mind it when people you know threaten me?” I asked, randomly shuffling the cards in my hand.
“It wasn’t meant to be a threat. More a suggestion,” said Samuel. Now he really did sound sorry, but I wasn’t sure for what. “Leslie can get a little out of hand, but she means well.”
I started to fume, but before I could say anything Nick came to my defense. “It’s not really friendly when two people corner one.” Carley remained silent. I knew she was too in awe of Samuel to support me outright, which made me even angrier. 
“Well, I don’t like it when people follow me around at night and make ‘suggestions’ to me. What are you people, vampires?” I asked. Of course I didn’t believe in that nonsense, but maybe accusing him of something so absurd would get him to cave and give me some information.
“No,” said Samuel, getting irritated himself. “They were just looking out for your best interests, since you seem to have no idea what those are yourself, and I agree with them.”
“You don’t even know me or like me,” I said, shooting at my feet. “You have no idea what my best interests are.”
“I know more than you think and definitely much more than you yourself,” said Samuel.
“And why, exactly, is Holt so bad for me?” I demanded. 
“You wouldn’t understand,” said Samuel wearily.
“Look, I don’t know what’s going on between you and Holt. Maybe he beat you at football one too many times, but leave me out of it. If I want to be friends with both of you – or neither – I will.” I threw my cards down and glared around the room at no one in particular. “Let me know when he’s gone,” I said to Carley, and darted away before anyone else could say anything. 
If I had stayed I would have heard Samuel mutter that he didn’t play football.
But I stomped up the stairs and slammed into my room, throwing myself on my bed in dramatic fashion for no one to see but me. I wanted to beat my pillow, or scream into it, but I didn’t. I just needed to know what was going on. All I had meant to do was make some friends around here. How was I supposed to know that the two new friends I had made hated each other?
I picked up a book and tried to read. There was no way I was going back downstairs. After a long while there were footsteps outside my room and then a soft tap.
“Can I come in?” Samuel called. I rolled my eyes behind my book, but told him he could.
He opened the door cautiously and looked around it at me. “Why are you just standing there?” I asked.
“I’m a little worried that you might throw something at me,” he replied.
In spite of myself I grinned a little.
“How’d you know where my room was?” I asked.
“Carley told me it would be the only one with the door closed,” said Samuel. Coming all the way into the room, he sat in my one chair while I sat cross-legged on my bed. A slight cold breeze followed him in and I shivered a little.
“Look,” he said, rubbing his forehead. “I’m sorry about before. You’re right. I shouldn’t tell you who to hang out with and neither should my family. My relationship with the Roths is . . . complicated, that’s all.”
I knew in my gut that he was telling the truth, but too much had happened for me to let him off the hook too easily, so I said, “Well, people can do harm without meaning to. It happens all the time.”
Samuel sighed, fidgeting with the armrest. “I know, and I’m sorry.” Even though he had sat about as far away from me as he could, this was the first time he’d chosen to be in the same room and look at me.
“But, you can go a long way to fixing it by telling me what it is between you and the Roths,” I said brightly. Samuel let out a surprised laugh. He had a nice laugh, but not as nice as Holt’s, I thought, then pushed that thought away. Holt wouldn’t even touch me.
Since when did I become something to fight over, anyway? My dad would be shocked that boys were even interested in me, much less fighting over me. He still thought I was twelve.
“Look, I really can’t explain everything. It goes back kind of a long way and it’s really complicated,” he said.
“I’m fine with kind of a long way,” I said. “Plus, I have time.”
“When I say long way I mean really long,” said Samuel.
I thought about how I was always bored in history class, but for some reason I didn’t think listening to the history of the Roths and the Cheshires would be so boring. I just glared at him.
He looked back at me and half sighed, half laughed. “Look, I’m sorry.” And I knew from his tone that I wasn’t going to get a useful word out of him.
Sitting on my bed looking at Samuel while he said nothing more, I realized something awful. Despite everything, something inside me still pulled me toward him. I had felt it from the first moment I saw him and had chalked it up to wanting to know why he hated me so much. But now, sitting there looking at him relaxing in my chair, I wasn’t so sure. One thing I did know, though, was that I wanted him out of my room. Right then. 
“We should get back downstairs,” I said, hopping off my bed.
“Actually, I have to get going, but I’ll see you soon,” he said, standing up. 
“I’ll walk you out,” I said, and made a beeline for the door. 
“So you think I look like a football player?” he asked as we walked down the hall.
I blushed. “I was angry.”
“I know,” he said.
Carley and Nick were both in the living room playing cards. I wasn’t sure what game it was, but I think it might have been Go Fish. After they said their goodbyes to Samuel, I let him out and watched him walk away into the rain. He instantly disappeared into the downpour. 
I sat down with Carley and Nick. I was still completely frustrated, because despite Samuel’s apology he still didn’t make any sense.
“Why can’t guys just tell me what’s going on?” I asked.
“You know how men are about the F word,” said Carley.
“I’m pretty sure we like it,” said Nick.
Carley gave him a look that said Don’t you get anything? And replied, “Not that F word.”
Nick looked confused.
“I’m talking about the OTHER F word,” she said, like it was obvious.
“What other F word?” asked Nick, bewildered. 
“Feelings,” Carley said. “That’s the one that’s like a swear word to guys.”

Chapter Eight

After Samuel left, we spent the rest of the afternoon hanging out. Carley and Nick didn’t ask me what had happened with Samuel and I didn’t say anything. I hoped that our chat would be the end of the weirdness between us, and definitely the end of any weirdness between his family and me. I also hoped that once I talked to Holt tonight at dinner, he and I could get back to normal and this whole nasty episode of people chasing after me in a car late at night could be forgotten.
Besides, I didn’t think Carley had been completely right that afternoon. I didn’t think Holt had any trouble talking about his feelings for me; that wasn’t his problem. But he definitely had a problem talking about something, and that’s what I wanted to know. What wasn’t he telling me?
Before Holt came to pick me up, I agreed with Carley and Nick to meet them at UP UP and Away after dinner for the evening concert. While Nick went home to get ready, Carley took a nap, which left me alone in front of the television.
The TV was on, but I was too preoccupied to pay any attention to what I was watching; I had to think through the situation with Holt and everything that had happened. Unfortunately, my mind kept going to Samuel, too. I was disturbed that I felt attracted to him, despite the fact that my very being seemed to repel him. I had never been repulsive to anyone before, and I didn’t like it. But Holt’s liking me made it easier for me to ignore Samuel. Somehow I’d felt instantly comfortable with Holt, like I’d always known him. There had never been that awkward bit where you aren’t sure if you’re going to get along with the other person or have to spend time getting to know each other. With Holt it was easy and fun. I had liked him instantly, and the time I spent with him had only confirmed that I would continue to like him.
But apparently it wasn’t that simple. Holt was hiding something, and it seemed like the Cheshires were as well, but I couldn’t for the life of me figure out what it was. When I let my imagination wander I wondered if they were opposing mob families or something, but I knew that was silly. Plus, it didn’t explain the way flowers reacted to Holt or why the air always felt a little colder when Samuel was in the room.
Finally, half an hour before Holt was supposed to arrive, I went up to my room and changed clothes. It was too cold out for a summer dress, so I opted for jeans and a white long-sleeved t-shirt. I also tried to do something with my brown hair, but in the end I just combed it out and put some stuff in it to keep the frizz to a minimum. After I’d finished with my makeup, I went back downstairs to wait for Holt to pick me up. He was on time, which didn’t surprise me at all. He was always on time. I imagined him dating a girl who was always a half hour late, but I suspected he would still get there on time. If he said he’d be there at a certain time, then he would be. If he said he’d do something then he did it. I really liked that about him. 
I grabbed my blue rain jacket and dashed outside to meet him. Even though I’d rushed to his car, he still managed to open the door of the silver BMW for me as I got in.
He smiled at me and asked, “How are you?” When he started the car I heard soft jazz playing on the radio, but I didn’t know the song. It was a nice contrast to the rain gently hitting against the windows.
He was wearing a blue-collared shirt under a rain jacket, and jeans. I realized I was staring. “Sorry, what?” He pretended not to notice my lapse and said again, “How are you?”
“Good,” I said. “Hungry.”
“Perfect,” he said. “I thought we’d go to that Italian place I pointed out.” 
“That’d be great,” I said.
The place he took me to was a couple of towns over. Luckily there was parking right in front of the restaurant, so we didn’t get too soaked running inside. The place was small, with an old Tuscany feel. The walls were a creamy off-white and looked a bit like stones. The white tablecloths complemented the wood furniture and the hanging light over each table gave the place a cozy feel. Since it was such bad weather, there were only two other tables filled and we had our pick of seats. 
I guess I was taking too long to choose where to sit, because I heard the blond waitress passing us mutter, “Just sit somewhere.” 
I hoped she wasn’t our waitress. The way she almost threw the food down at another table made it pretty clear she wasn’t in a good mood.
I chose a table by the bank of windows so we could watch the rain coming down. “This is nice,” I said as Holt helped me into my chair.
Unfortunately, the blond waitress came over and said, “I’m Olivia. Don’t say anything bad about me to the manager or I’ll make sure your food comes out cold. Here are menus.” She tossed two on the table and stalked away. 
Yikes, I thought.
Holt raised his eyebrows at me a little but didn’t comment. I picked up a menu and looked it over. “So, you didn’t bring me here for the service?” I asked.
After we’d looked at the menus in silence for a minute or two, I asked Holt what he was going to order. 
“I don’t know,” he said. “Pasta, probably.”
“I’m going to get pasta too,” I said, “since it’s an Italian place.”
It took Olivia several minutes to come back. I had the feeling she was trying to wait us out. If she didn’t come back for long enough, maybe we would leave, but Holt and I were having fun chatting, so that wasn’t going to happen. When she did finally come back she just stood there, glaring at both of us without offering to take our orders. Holt ordered and she gave a snort of derision. When I ordered, her comment was, “Watch yourself. He’s not going to marry you if he has to feed you all the time, particularly not someone that gorgeous.” She said it low and into my ear. 
I blushed. “I’ll have my own job and feed myself, thanks anyway.” She sniffed and walked away. 
“You plan to work once you’re married?” Holt asked.
I looked up at him, flustered. I was so focused on the bitchy waitress that I hadn’t realized she’d just brought up my marrying Holt and he had heard us. I could feel my face turning bright red yet again.
“She was just in a bad mood,” I muttered. “I wanted to tell her off.”
“Okay,” he said, nodding, “but have you thought about marriage?” 
To my shock he sounded serious. “To you?” I blurted out. Instead of acting totally horrified, like every other guy I know would have at the mention of marriage on the first real date, he just smiled. 
“Sure, to me. Would you?” He didn’t say “marry me.” He stopped before he got there, as if those words carried some secret power.
I had no idea what to say. Luckily, at that moment Olivia brought us each a water. But she was so busy trying to act like we weren’t actually there that she spilled Holt’s all over the table.
“Oh, I’m so sorry!” she exclaimed, dashing off to get something to wipe up the mess with. I couldn’t tell if she meant her apology or not.
Holt was forced to stand up to avoid the water that was seeping toward him, so I did the same. It took Olivia a minute to come back; it looked like she was getting a talking to from the manager. When she finally returned, she was almost in tears, but maybe also a little angrier as well.
She dropped the cloth on the table and started scrubbing furiously. Holt watched her for a moment, excused himself, and vanished out the front door before I even realized he was gone. I stood there awkwardly watching Olivia scrub while I had a momentary worry that he was just going to leave me there, because – I assumed – he didn’t actually want to talk about us marrying (what nonsense anyway). But he came right back inside. In his hand were several small flowers. I recognized the small bunch as forget-me-nots, very tiny with light blue petals and yellow centers. I remembered seeing some outside as we came in. I was really proud of myself for actually knowing the name of a flower.
I raised my eyebrows. What was he doing bringing me flowers right now? 
But when he got to the table he walked right past me. The flowers weren’t for me. Instead, he went over to Olivia, who was still cleaning our table, and tapped her on the shoulder. 
She turned around and started to snap something at him, but saw the flowers and instantly softened. “Sorry, how can I help you?” she asked, her voice suddenly as smooth as honey.
What’s going on? I wondered.
He presented her with the flowers and a dazzling smile lit her face. She looked at them with ecstasy, touched them reverently, and said, “Oh, no. I couldn’t.”
“Sure you can,” he said. He was smiling.
Gingerly, as if they were as breakable as glass, she took the forget-me-nots from him. As she inhaled the sweet scent, her face went from drawn and pale to fuller, with more color. She didn’t even seem to realize it. 
WHAT was going on?
I stared back and forth from Holt to Olivia, but they acted as if I weren’t there.
“Thank you,” Olivia said, her cheeks turning even pinker as she smiled. 
“I would tell you to just sit somewhere else, but I know how much you wanted to sit here,” she gushed to me, still holding the flowers. “I’ll have it clean in just a second.”
“Yeah, um, sure,” I said. I really would have been fine at any table.
Once Olivia had finished mopping everything up, Holt pulled my chair out for me. After she had re-set the table and poured us fresh glasses of water she went away, saying she’d check on the food. The flowers were stuck in the front of her apron.
“What was that about?” I asked, crossing my arms over my chest and sitting back in my chair. I felt like I always asked him a bunch of questions, but tonight I was determined to get some answers.
Holt shrugged. “I just wanted to cheer her up. Seemed like she was having a hard day.” 
I wanted to say something else, but I didn’t know what. Was I jealous, because he’d never given me flowers? I didn’t think so. He hadn’t flirted with her. I probably would have been jealous if I thought he was doing that. Plus, since he was on a date, or whatever this was, with me, I probably would have been offended or pissed as well. It was just one more odd thing that had happened while I was with Holt.
After our food came (with a huge bright smile and a “let me know if you need anything else at all” from Olivia), I thought it was about time I asked Holt some more questions. Personal questions. 
“So how do you know Casey and Susan?” I was referring to the two girls I had seen him with, girls he clearly wasn’t related to, who stayed at his house. I expected him to look relieved that I wasn’t bringing up last night – a subject he had avoided all evening – but instead he took my question at face value. 
“Our parents are old friends, basically. I have two younger brothers and a younger sister who’s away at camp this summer, but she dates Casey’s younger brother, so our families see a lot of each other.”
“How do you feel about your sister dating?” I asked, amused at the thought of him as an older brother. I didn’t have an older brother, but I’d heard that they were usually overprotective and hated the guys their sisters dated.
“I told her she wasn’t allowed to hold hands until she was eighteen, but I’m pretty sure she ignores what I tell her,” he said, grinning.
“Yeah, telling people what to do is tricky,” I said, my second not so subtle reference to last night.
“He’s good to her, though,” said Holt. “I don’t think she would tolerate anything less.”
“What about your brothers?” I asked.
“They’re in Castleton for the summer. You’ll meet them when you come to the Solstice Party.” He mentioned my coming to the Solstice Party so casually that I almost missed it.
“But I’m not from Castleton, and Carley said she wasn’t sure about just bringing people,” I stammered. He hadn’t officially invited me. Instead he had just assumed I was coming. I was completely excited and flattered, but also worried that he had made a mistake and had only said I was coming because he had assumed that Carley was bringing me, not because he actually wanted me there.
He waved my comment off. 
“I told my mom to send an invitation for you to Carley’s house. It should get there in a couple of days. Of course you’re invited,” he said, giving me a big smile. “It wouldn’t be any fun without you.”
I blushed. Against my leg I felt a vibration and realized that I’d never turned off my phone. I ignored it, but it vibrated again and Holt heard it. 
“Aren’t you at least going to see who it is?” he asked, raising his eyebrows.
“I probably should,” I said reluctantly. I had more questions for Holt and I was reluctant to get sidetracked.
I checked the caller ID and felt my stomach twist. It was my mother. We hadn’t talked much since I’d gotten to Carley’s. I had wanted to give her and my dad some alone time, and I realized now that I’d been really busy with everything going on in Castleton.
“It’s my mom,” I told Holt. “If I don’t answer she’ll probably be mad or think something unspeakably awful has happened to me.” Rolling my eyes, I excused myself.
“Hi, Mom,” I said, having made my way to the entryway of the restaurant.
“Hi, honey,” my mom bubbled out. I knew instantly that something was wrong. When she was too chipper she’d usually just had a fight with my dad. “How is everything there? Did you find a job? Are you being helpful to Carley to thank her parents for having you?” my mom asked. Already she’d started. 
“I’m working with Carley at the coffee shop and yes, I guess so,” I said, grudgingly. I avoided the question about Carley’s parents.
“That’s great,” she said. “Your father and I might come to visit at some point. We miss you here.” 
“You might come?” I asked. “When?”
“Oh, not until later in the summer,” she said. “But we miss you.”
“I miss you and Dad too,” I said. Talking to my mom always made me homesick, even though home would have been boring this summer. 
“I hope you’re staying out of trouble. Not taking up with any boys or anything. You’re a bit too young,” said my mom worriedly. 
“Mom, I’m sixteen,” I groaned. She was never going to let me grow up. “But no, no boys.” Technically it was true.
“I know, but your dad and I think . . .” She didn’t get to finish that, because I cut her off with, “Mom, you and dad worry about your own problems. I’m fine here.”
There was silence on the other end of the line for so long that I thought she’d hung up, but she only said, “Alright, well, I should probably let you go. I’ll talk to you soon.”
I said the same. Mom was just too busy and too stressed about dad to understand what was going on with me. Sometimes I felt like she treated me as if I were still in elementary school or something. 
After we hung up I went back to my seat and apologized to Holt.
“Is everything alright?” he asked, frowning.
“Just great,” I muttered. Recognizing that I really didn’t want to talk about it, Holt changed the subject. 
The rest of the dinner was a lot of fun. We chatted about movies and music, and it turned out that he knew a lot more about filmmaking than I did. I asked him how and he just shrugged, saying he’d picked it up here and there. 
My apprehensions about everything odd that was happening evaporated as I got lost in the conversation. We were interrupted only by Olivia, who was the most attentive waitress ever. She was always within view and always smiling. The flowers never left her apron.
When we were both finished with our food, I was full and happy. “That was really good,” I said, rubbing my tummy. 
We were just getting up to leave when a blast of cold air whooshed over my neck. It was a familiar kind of cold. I looked to the door. Coming in were Samuel and four other guys, none of whom I recognized, but they looked a lot like Samuel. Maybe more cousins, with dark hair and thin strong builds. I felt Holt tense next to me.
Ignoring Holt, I gave Samuel a wave. Idiot, I thought to myself. He’d rather pretend he doesn’t know me. I wished I could shake the feeling that I was attracted to him; he wasn’t even nice, after all. As usual he didn’t smile back, but since there was no avoiding each other we met in the middle of the restaurant. I could see anger flashing in his eyes. I could tell that underneath the cool exterior, Samuel had a temper.
“Holt, how are you?” asked one of the guys. He had bright blue eyes and a lip ring.
“Good,” said Holt. He still stood casually, but I had the feeling he was bracing for an attack.
Samuel made no move to introduce us to his friends.
“Are you? Do you want to stay that way?” asked Lip Ring. It was an obvious threat, and right now it was five against one.
“Hey,” said Samuel, putting a hand on Lip Ring’s shoulder. “Not now.” He looked meaningfully at me. Lip Ring seemed to notice me for the first time; he gave the tiniest of starts. The other three guys shifted uncomfortably, but they were waiting for Samuel to give them some direction on what to do next.
“Autumn, it’s nice to see you again today. How are you?” Was I crazy, or had Samuel thrown the word “again” in Holt’s face? 
“I’m good,” I said. I shifted from one foot to the other. Once again I could tell there was something going on here, some old feud, that I knew nothing about. Castleton was definitely more exciting than home.
“We should get to our dinner,” said Samuel. He had noticed that he was making me uncomfortable. His cousins were the ones, after all, who had chased after me the night before. And now here we were, surrounded by more of them. 
“Yeah, sure,” I said. I knew I had to get Holt out of the situation, so I said, “Have a good night.” I almost had to push Holt away from the group. 
“Let’s go,” I hissed. His face, which had been tight a second ago, relaxed a fraction. Without looking back, he led me out of the restaurant.
I wanted to ask him what had just happened, but he looked too angry. Instead I sat in the front seat and seethed. I was tired of not knowing what was going on. When we got back to Carley’s, Nick’s car wasn’t in the driveway as I had expected it to be, but there was an upstairs light on, which meant that Carley was still awake. The rain had gone from a downpour to a light drizzle and I was able to get to the porch without getting drenched. Holt followed me, looking uneasy.
“I suppose you aren’t going to tell me what that was about either?” I asked reproachfully. I stood on the porch with my arms crossed against the cold.
“You don’t like it when guys fight over you?” Holt was trying for lightness.
“I like it when I know what’s going on,” I said. “Goodnight.” I started to turn around in a huff.
“Look, Autumn, I’m sorry, but it might be better if I didn’t see you for a little while. Just until things cool down.”
That stopped me in my tracks.
“I’m sorry,” he said. His head hung low and his shoulders hunched forward. I felt like I had been struck in the face. I stared mutely at him for a minute, then nodded and went inside. It was too much for one night, seeing Samuel, my mom calling, Holt giving flowers to the waitress and then another almost fight. I couldn’t control my parents, or know what was going on with them, but I wished I could at least control stuff in my own life. Something was wrong, and now Holt didn’t want to see me. I went to bed feeling like I’d been punched in the stomach.
Chapter Nine

The next week passed in a blur. I went to work, I hung out with Carley and Nick, and I tried to sleep. The only problem was that sleep was harder and harder to come by. I would lie awake in bed for hours thinking about what Holt had said to me. His face saying over and over that he could no longer see me loomed large in my mind. 
I wondered if he hated me. I’d go to work hoping that he’d come in and get another coffee, but he never did. When I saw Samuel, he always gave me an assessing glance, like he was trying to figure out how I was doing. Normally it would have annoyed me, but I was too sad about Holt to pay much attention.
At one point my mom called and told me that she and my dad still hadn’t figured out if they were going to divorce, and we got into an argument. It only made everything worse. Carley would ask me what was wrong and why I wasn’t seeing Holt, but I didn’t want to tell her, so I’d just blow off her questions.
I ended up going to work and spending the rest of my time at home watching TV. After the fourth night of doing that I decided I had to get out of the house. It was almost dark, but I really wanted to take a walk. Part of the reason I hadn’t wanted to go outside was because of Lydia and Leslie, but if Holt didn’t want to have anything to do with me anymore, then there was no way they were going to come around and threaten me. They’d already gotten what they wanted.
I unstuck myself from the couch, grabbed my black jacket against the night chill, and banged out the front door. I’d thought as the days went on that I’d start to feel better, that the pain I felt whenever my mind had a free moment would start to subside. But it hadn’t happened. Instead I’d been upset and miserable for days now. It was starting to strain my relationship with Carley, because she was so sick of me moping around the house. I was sure getting some fresh air would help.
Outside, I made a game of kicking every rock I passed, watching it skid along the dirt and disappear into the warm green grass. I wanted to call Holt, or just go over to the Roths’. It was torture seeing their house so close. Every time I passed it, I worried that I’d see him, or I fantasized that he’d be coming out of the house just as I was going to work and he’d see me and realize his mistake. 
Fat chance. Instead, each time I passed I made every effort to stay hidden. I looked like crap anyway, and seriously, if he saw me he’d probably just smile, nod, and give me a sympathetic look.
I wanted to talk to him, but since he had asked for his space I didn’t know what to say. My calling him wouldn’t exactly be giving him space. He had said that it was for my own good, but I couldn’t help thinking that I’d felt better before he’d told me he didn’t want to see me, not after, so how it was for my own good was beyond me.
I was so absorbed in kicking rocks and feeling sorry for myself that I wasn’t really paying any attention to where I was going. By the time I looked up and looked around, I was still on a dirt road, but I was now surrounded by woods. I looked over my shoulder, back the way I had come, and couldn’t remember what turns I had taken. Ahead of me I saw nothing but more woods and more dirt, and the darkness was thickening.
Without thinking about it I decided to keep going forward. I had to reach signs of Castleton eventually, and I wasn’t tired yet. Besides, no one was at home to miss me.
Carley had told me about the roads around Castleton, but I guess I hadn’t really been listening, because at that moment I couldn’t remember anything she had said. I looked around for any road signs or landmarks I might recognize, but the further I got down the road the more I had to admit to myself that I had no idea where I was.
I was also getting tired, and now it was just plain dark out there. I hadn’t even brought a flashlight, and I realized now that I didn’t have my phone, either. I hadn’t wanted to be tempted to text Holt, and I knew that if I had the phone with me I’d be looking at it every two seconds to see if he had texted me. Tears formed in the corners of my eyes. This was yet another thing I had to deal with, and I didn’t feel like I had the energy. Worse, I had brought it on myself. I could have just stayed home, comfortable and warm on the couch.
The one thing I did know was that the smell of salt water was getting stronger, which meant that I was walking toward, or along, the ocean. Maybe if I got to the water I would be able to tell where I was. This was a state of lighthouses, and I knew there was one in Castleton. If I walked toward it, maybe I could get to a bigger road, perhaps even one that was paved.
After walking a few more steps I broke through the trees. The ocean looked different at night. There was a cool breeze blowing, ruffling the water, and the moon cast one long, white line over the otherwise black surface. Unfortunately, directly in front of me wasn’t a beach, as I had hoped. Instead, I was at the top of a cliff. 
I hated heights. I decided instantly that I hated them even more at night. The wind was stronger coming off the water, and I zipped up my jacket against the cold air.
I sighed. I would have to get closer to the edge to get a better view of the beach so that I could figure out where I was. As I looked out at the silent water, my mind went back to the aching feeling that was lodged in my chest. 
Down the beach to my right I saw nothing but jagged rock, but to my left I saw sand. It looked a lot like part of the beach where Carley, Nick, and I had spent my first full day at Castleton hanging out with Samuel.
Ugh. I didn’t even want to think about the rude Samuel who thought that sarcasm was his middle name and liked it that way. I glared out at the water. I was tired of feeling sorry for myself. Taking a deep breath, I knew I’d have to walk to the left, toward what looked like beach, and hope for the best. Just as I was about to leave the cliff I heard a low growling behind me. I froze. 
I was in the middle of the woods in Maine and lots of things could be growling. But what popped into my head was a flesh-devouring wolf. Instantly I could imagine huge paws taking swipes at me and angry jaws snapping to sink into my skin. I shuddered.
As I gathered the courage and turned to face whatever was behind me I heard another snarl, only this one was much closer. 
I gasped as I saw not a wolf, but a great big bear lumbering toward me. In the split second when I saw the massive animal, everything else left my mind. Forgetting where I was a took a step backwards. Too late I felt my foot catch on loose gravel and then start to slide backwards. I tried to catch myself, but I couldn’t, I’d already shifted my weight.
Panic washed over me. I started to scream as I felt myself toppling over the edge of the cliff. I flailed wildly, desperately trying to keep my body from falling into the ice cold water.
I had only one thought: I didn’t want to die. I didn’t want to plunge into the dark ocean and be pulled away by the tide. It was the first real feeling I’d had since Holt had told me that we couldn’t see each other anymore. I scrabbled wildly with my hands, but to no avail. All I could do was scream.
And then suddenly a cold hand wrapped around my wrist. My body jerked as my momentum toward the dark water was stopped. I gave another cry as I was pulled forward, my feet gradually finding firm ground under me.
Before I could even think, I was face to face with Samuel, his blue eyes dark against the night, his face paper white. Since our bodies were pressed together I could feel that his breath was coming fast into his chest. His grip on my arm was painful. He was afraid.
Always one to rise to the occasion, my fabulously intelligent first words after Samuel saved my life were, “Hi.”
He took several more deep breaths before answering. I became painfully aware of all of the places where we were touching. 
“Are you okay?” he asked, finally pulling away and looking me over. I blushed at the way his eyes traveled up and down my body.
“I’m fine,” I said. “I think.” As I looked into Samuel’s eyes I remembered why I’d almost plunged off a cliff: a bear. Suddenly panicked all over again, I looked beyond Samuel’s shoulder to see where the bear was now. There was nothing there.
“Where’d it go?” I asked, looking around at the trees that were now draped in shadow.
“Where’d what go?” Samuel asked, still not releasing his grip on my arm, but loosening it ever so slightly. His hands gently started to stroke up and down my arms, making me shiver, but not from cold.
I looked at him incredulously.
“The bear,” I said, like it was obvious.
“I didn’t see a bear,” he replied calmly.
“Are you saying I’m crazy?” I wanted to know.
“Maybe, but not because of that,” was his ever so smooth reply.
“Sarcastic as ever,” I muttered. “Wait, what are you doing here?”
“I missed you, too,” he continued, even now not letting up with the sarcasm.
“No you didn’t,” I said. “I haven’t seen you since you attacked Holt and me at the restaurant,” I said.
Samuel’s face darkened. “We didn’t attack you.”
I knew he was right, but tonight I’d gone from feeling nothing at all, to being completely numb, to being scared. I wanted to pick a fight.
“Whatever,” I told him, pulling out of his grasp. He let me go, his hands falling to his sides.
“What are you doing here?” I asked again.
He held my gaze for a split second, but all he said was, “I was taking a walk and heard you scream.”
I looked toward the water. Instantly I felt queasy, panicked all over again, and looked away. “No you didn’t. You couldn’t have gotten to me in time if that’s what happened. No one’s that fast.”
“No one you know,” he countered. 
“Plus, who takes walks alone at night?” I continued. Anger was a welcome fizz in the back of my mind as I braced my hands on my hips.
“Only crazy people, apparently,” Samuel said with a grin.
“Hey!” I said, realizing too late that I had walked right into that one. “Really, what were you doing out here?”
“Nothing,” was his next elaborate reply.
“Right,” I said. “I’m beginning to think no one in this town tells the truth about anything.”
“You want the truth?” Samuel asked, taking a step toward me.
This time I knew enough not to step backwards, although something inside me told me that Samuel would catch me if I did.
“I always want the truth,” I told him, lifting my chin defiantly.
He nodded. “I can tell that about you,” he said. But I couldn’t tell if he thought that was a good thing or not. “Come on, I should get you home.”
“How do you know I can’t find my way home on my own?” I asked. I don’t know why I did, because I was totally lost, but I felt like arguing and Samuel had been so mean.
He looked at me with disgust. “First of all,” he started, “you are clearly lost, which is fine. If you walk into woods and don’t pay attention to where you’re going, that is what’s likely to happen. But,” he continued before I could argue, “I don’t care how safe Maine or this area is, I’m not leaving a girl to walk home alone, especially in the dark.”
That stopped me. It was surprisingly gallant of him, even if I’d die before admitting it.
“I can take care of myself,” I informed him, even though I knew I had lost this argument.
“Clearly,” he said, for his third sarcastic comment in as many minutes. Without another word he turned around and started walking back toward the woods. I glared at his back for a moment, then hurried to keep up with him.
For the first few minutes, the only thing that broke the silence was the noise of different animals hooting or scuffling around in the forest. If I’d been alone they might have scared me. I would have imagined a robber jumping out of the bushes or the return of the bear, but walking next to Samuel I felt totally safe. It wasn’t a feeling I was used to, and one I’d never thought I’d have when I was with him, but there was something very confident and strong about the guy walking next to me. I hated to admit it to myself, but I was beginning to think he might not be as terrible as he had seemed at first.
After a while I got tired of the silence. “So, I’ll play along. What were you doing out walking?”
“Clearing my head,” he drawled, not looking at me.
“Feel bad about what happened at the restaurant?” I asked. Because I felt bad about it.
“Nope,” said Samuel. He hadn’t even hesitated, I noticed. He didn’t even care if he appeared sorry or not.
“Awesome,” I muttered. “Do you feel bad about ANYthing?”
Samuel gave me a startled look. “In respect to you?” he asked.
I had thought he would avoid the question, so when he answered it head-on I was at a loss for words. Finally, I stammered out, “Yeah . . .”
The moment where Samuel might have actually said something serious passed as quickly as it had come. He shrugged and looked ahead again.
“You could just get along with him, you know,” I said irritably. I was now cold and tired and my grateful attitude toward Samuel for getting me home safely was wearing off.
“I could do lots of things,” Samuel countered. We’d reached Carley’s driveway, so obviously I knew the way from there. I was embarrassed to admit how close we’d been to the road the whole time. I really hadn’t been that lost. 
“Samuel Cheshire, you are one of the most annoying people I have ever met,” I stated, and without another word I stomped away. Since I left without turning back I couldn’t be sure, but there’s a good chance Samuel stood at the end of Carley’s driveway, laughing. 
Chapter Ten

Carley hadn’t even noticed I was gone. When I came home she was already asleep; I could have been lost all night and she wouldn’t have had a clue. Getting back to the house and being alone brought back my sadness, and even my anger at the sarcastic Samuel, and the fact that I still somehow found him attractive, couldn’t get me out of the funk.
After another terrible night’s sleep, I realized an obvious fact: I had to know what was going on. Samuel and Holt clearly hated each other, and Holt didn’t want to see me, and I was sure it had something to do with Samuel. It wasn’t just about me, and it wasn’t fair. It was particularly not fair because whatever was going on seemed to be my fault, but how could it be?
I wasn’t sure how to approach it, so I decided to ask Carley for advice, and I went downstairs that morning all set to tell her everything. I couldn’t wait to talk to her about the restaurant – Olivia and the flowers, and running into Samuel – and about Holt afterwards, but I didn’t get a chance. Carley had news of her own. 
In fact, Carley was so upset that my own revelations were pushed almost completely out of my mind.
When I came into the kitchen she was there, already dressed. She had made eggs, pancakes, and bacon.
“How long have you been up?” I asked, as Carley stood at the counter and furiously squeezed oranges for juice.
“That question implies I ever went to sleep,” said Carley as she squeezed another orange. “I lay awake ALL night.”
“What? What happened?” I asked. Up close I could see the bags under her eyes, and her hair with the slightly frizzy look that implied that it hadn’t been washed.
I went to the cupboard and grabbed a bowl and a spoon, then went hunting through the cereal boxes for the Cheerios. When I turned back to my seat, instead of an empty place setting I found my plate stacked with everything Carley had been making. Plus, a cup of freshly squeezed orange juice, a glass of water, and a steaming mug of tea.
I raised my eyebrows at her.
“You think I’ve been slaving over this hot stove for nothing?” she asked, waving a spoon crazily in the air. “Eat.”
“You should calm down,” I said, sitting at the place she had set for me. “Maybe eat something.”
“I’m not hungry,” she replied tartly, turning away.
“Are you going to tell me what’s bothering you?” I asked
“What makes you think anything is bothering me?” she said dangerously.
I started to eat, determined to wait her out. 
“Is Nick going to come over and help us with all this?” I asked, indicating the food. Since I was busy eating I wasn’t watching Carley at the counter, so I was startled when I heard a pot clatter to the floor.
“Nick who?” asked Carley, making a noise that sounded like teeth grinding.
“What?” I managed to say between bites of egg. I start to choke and stopped talking until I could get myself under control.
“What happened with you two?” I asked, my mind racing.
Suddenly, seeming to lose all energy, Carley collapsed into a chair. She threw her arms on the table and dropped her head into them, her mass of curls flinging out in every direction. She looked completely defeated.
She mumbled something, but I didn’t catch it.
“What’d you say?” I asked, leaning forward.
“We had a fight,” Carley wailed. 
“About what?” I asked, thinking he had done something like try to kiss her. It was obvious to everyone in the world except Carley that Nick was in love with her.
She looked up at me completely red-faced and bit her lower lip.
“I’m not completely sure,” she said in a very low voice.
“How can you NOT be sure?” I asked. “Surely you know what you fought about.”
“I guess,” she mumbled, picking at the food on her plate.
“Carley, what did you fight about?” I prompted. It couldn’t have been that he’d tried to kiss her. She wouldn’t be acting this way if that was it. Plus, he’d never do that without some sign that she wanted him to. He was just too polite, and Carley was too oblivious about his feelings to give him any sort of signal.
Carley took in a gusty breath and let it out with a long sigh. “We fought about Samuel and Holt.”
That was a surprise. “What?” I couldn’t imagine what the two of them had to fight about in relation to Samuel and Holt.
“I was complimenting them, you know, saying how lucky you were to have two gorgeous older guys fighting over you,” she said, not looking at me. “He got really mad.”
“They are not fighting over me,” I muttered. I moved food around on my plate.
But Carley was too caught up in her own problems to care what I said. She just kept staring at the wall.
“Okay . . . so he’s mad at you?” I asked.
“Well, yeah, but then . . . I mean, what would he be mad about? I’m allowed to talk about other guys to him. That’s what friends do with each other. Plus, I knew you were seeing both of them, so it was on my mind. But he got so pissed!” She had talked progressively faster until she was basically stringing one word after another without taking a breath.
“You don’t think he had a right to get mad?” I asked, needing to clarify exactly what Carley was saying.
“Well, no. Why should he? I guess I was just wrong about him being a good friend,” said Carley, finally sitting straighter in her chair and looking at me. “A good friend would let me vent.”
I wasn’t so sure about that, but clearly Carley was missing what was right in front of her face. If the guy I had been in love with for years was always going on about how other girls were hot or gorgeous or how my friends were lucky to have them, I’d probably snap too. And it definitely seemed like Nick had liked Carley for years, maybe even more than he was conscious of himself. But Carley definitely didn’t know. If she’d known how he felt she might not have said anything, but I still didn’t feel like it was my place to tell her. It had to come from Nick.
“Why were you saying all that stuff about Holt and Samuel?” I asked. At the moment it was hard to hear Holt’s name, let alone say it. I still didn’t know what I’d done wrong. I just wanted to talk to him. I felt sure that if we just talked he’d see reason and hang out with me again. It was hard not to let those thoughts overwhelm me, even though I knew Carley needed me right now.
“Because they both buzz around you like they’re magnetized to you,” Carley said in despair. “Or at least they did until a week ago. Don’t act like you didn’t notice it. Nick probably likes you too, that’s why he’s always around. He told me outright he thought you were really nice. And seriously, if I’d known you’d be getting this much attention from guys I wouldn’t have invited you here this summer.”
“Very funny. Nick is crazy about YOU, not me. You’re the one he always hangs out with.”
“Not anymore,” said Carley despondently, slouching lower. “I just can’t believe he’d be so unreasonable.”
Her phone buzzed and she glanced at it. “It’s Nick’s house” she exclaimed, but instantly deflated like a popped balloon. “I can’t answer that.”
“You have to talk to him sometime,” I said as it continued to buzz.
“It doesn’t have to be now,” she said, folding her arms and glaring at the phone until it stopped buzzing.
After a breath Carley’s house phone started ringing. She went and looked at the caller ID.
“That’s weird,” she said, squinting. “It’s Nick’s house number again. He never calls me on that.”
“Maybe you should just answer,” I said. “If you don’t want to talk to him you can always hang up.”
Carley rolled her eyes and picked up the phone.
“Oh, hi, Mrs. Farnsworth,” she said, her face draining of color. She had expected it to be Nick, but it wasn’t, it was Nick’s mother. “Oh, no, I haven’t seen him. Sorry.” After a pause she said, “No, I haven’t talked to him today. He went out late last night . . . and you haven’t seen him since?”
Another pause while she listened, then she said, “No, he’s not with me, but if I hear from him I’ll let you know. Yeah, I’ll go look for him too.”
She slammed the receiver down and bounded out of the room, yelling to me over her shoulder, “Nick hasn’t been home since last night. His mom’s in a panic!”
“Carley,” I called after her, forking one last piece of food into my mouth as I got up, “you don’t know where he is and you don’t have a car. What do you think you’re going to do?”
“I’m going to look for him on foot. His parents are driving around,” she called back. She was already in the living room. Since she’d be cold in just shorts and a tank top, she was throwing on a fleece (Maine mornings were cold) and trying to get her feet into boots at the same time. “Will you look for him too?” she asked, her eyes pleading.
“Of course, you want me to come with you?” I asked. A walk might clear my head. 
“Actually, I was thinking you could take a car,” she said as she checked her cell phone. “He hasn’t called! He’s probably dead in a ditch somewhere.”
“I don’t have a car,” I said. “You know that, don’t you? You aren’t so out of it that you suddenly think a car magically has appeared for me to drive and I have a license to drive it?”
“Look, Autumn, Nick is missing and we need to find him. This is no time for jokes. Now, put aside your differences with Holt and call him and ask him to look with you. He has a car. Honestly, you’d think that you didn’t care about Nick AT ALL.” And with that she flung the door open and headed out. 
I followed her, hurrying to keep up before she disappeared. “Carley, I can’t just ask Holt to drive me around. Some stuff happened at the restaurant and I’m not sure I can call him,” I said.
Carley gave me a sharp look. “Did you hook up?” she asked.
I shook my head no.
“Then it isn’t important enough not to call him. Do it now,” she said, and headed off the porch.
“Carley,” I yelled after her, exasperated. 
Part way down the driveway she turned, and as she walked backwards she yelled, “Let me know if you find him. I’ll text you if I do. Hurry, Autumn. Something bad could have happened.” And she was gone.
“Something bad did happen,” I muttered under my breath as I turned and headed back into the house. “He had a fight with the girl he loves and now he’s sulking. Typical guy.” 
Last night I’d almost tumbled off of a cliff. Now Nick was missing. This week was turning out wonderfully.
I went back into the house. I didn’t want to text Holt – he was the one who didn’t want to have anything to do with me – but I knew Carley would be furious with me if I didn’t. Taking a deep breath I sent a text: Nick’s missing. Can you drive me around to look for him?
I held my breath and waited, staring down at the screen on my phone. As the minutes ticked by I realized it was useless. He didn’t want to have anything to do with me. He’d made that clear after the restaurant. 
I’ll just have to look for him on my own, I thought. I was still in my PJs, but it didn’t matter since no one was going to see me. I grabbed a jacket to ward off the morning chill and headed out the door.
I was halfway down the steps into the gray morning when a familiar silver car turned into the driveway. I stood and waited, my mouth hanging open. Holt came screeching to a halt in front of me not five minutes after I’d texted him. 
He got out of the car but left his door open as he looked at me. “Get in,” he said a little breathlessly.
 I wanted to ask him why he’d agreed to come, but he continued, “What happened?” 
“I’ll tell you on the way,” I said, and climbed into the car. He sat back down in the driver’s seat and leaned over to click off the classic rock that was playing. Then he looked at me and waited expectantly, frowning. His face was very close to me and I suddenly realized it was hard to breathe.
“What did you mean when you said he was ‘missing’?” he asked.
“He and Carley had a fight last night and he hasn’t been seen since,” I said. “His mom called Carley this morning to ask if she’d seen him, but she hasn’t.” I took a deep breath. “His family hasn’t seen him since yesterday.”
“And Carley doesn’t know where he is? What was the fight about?” Holt asked. If our proximity was affecting him he gave no sign. Frustrated, I sat back in my seat, trying to get a little breathing room.
“I . . . don’t know what they fought about,” I lied. How could I tell him that it was about him and Samuel? 
Luckily, he didn’t push me. Instead he started the ignition. “Where are we looking?” 
“I don’t know. Anywhere, I suppose,” I said. “Carley went to look on foot. I think his parents are looking in a car. If we haven’t found him by tonight they’re going to call the cops.”
I took a deep breath and tried to force myself to relax. I was tired. It had already been a whirlwind morning, and now I was sitting in Holt’s car again.
At the end of Carley’s driveway Holt eased the car to a stop, staring straight ahead. He looked lost in thought. 
“This way,” he said. Instead of turning the car left toward town, he swung it right, leading us further into the fields and trees of the countryside.
“How do you know?” I asked. “You sound sure.”
Holt shrugged. “Just an idea.” We kept driving, turning again and again, each time going down less well paved roads until finally we got to a dirt road. It reminded me of where I’d gotten lost, but I wasn’t sure if I was in the same place or not. I wanted to say something about the night at the restaurant, but I didn’t know what.
“Why would he come down here?” I asked. “Are you wasting time?”
“He likes to fish,” said Holt. “He had fishing stuff in the back of his car last time I was at the house, and there’s a lake down this way.”
I did remember seeing the fishing stuff, but all I had thought was, why would anyone in their right mind waste time fishing? 
The dirt road was uneven in a lot of places, so we bumped and jolted along. Trees hung close to the road and a couple of branches scraped over the top of the car.
Up ahead, through a gap in the trees, I could see a flash of blue: the lake.
As we rolled into the clearing I could see Nick’s familiar car down by the water. I gasped and sat forward in my seat, scanning the clearing for Nick. I didn’t see him anywhere.
Holt barely had time to stop before I flung the door open and dashed toward Nick’s car. I had forgotten the dirt – which was actually mud – and my shoes sank into it. Every time I pulled my foot up it came away with a slurping noise. I think I might have heard Holt laughing behind me.
At first the car looked empty, but I did see a pile of blankets in the back seat. I banged in the window. “Nick!!” I yelled. “Nick.” Slowly the pile of blankets started to move and heave.
A white and bleary face pressed itself against the glass, looking around without really seeing. It was Nick. I breathed a sigh of relief.
“Who’s there?” Nick demanded.
“What do you mean? It’s Autumn. I’m standing right here,” I replied.
“He doesn’t have his glasses on,” said Holt. He’d parked his car and come up behind me so quietly I jumped a little.
“Who’s that?” Nick yelled.
“Geez Nick, find your glasses. It’s Holt,” I called to him, “And get out of the car.”
Nick wrapped the blankets tighter around him. “I’m not decent. I need to protect my modesty,” he said.
I rolled my eyes. “Sure, Nick. Whatever you say. I’m going to walk away from the car. You just let me know when you’re ready,” I said.
I stomped away back to Holt’s car. I had to call Carley. Unfortunately, my cell phone told me I had no service. What a surprise. I’d have to wait until we got back to paved roads.
Finally Nick got out of the car, looking totally rumpled. His red hair was flying away in all directions, his shirt had so many creases I could barely read the writing on the front of it, and his shorts looked like they had gotten wet and then been left crumpled up somewhere to dry and put back on. 
“I need an ironing board,” said Nick, looking down at himself.
“Yeah, you’ll also need armor once Carley and your parents get hold of you,” I said.
“Carley doesn’t care,” Nick muttered looking tired and dejected.
“Of course she does,” said Holt. “People don’t send search parties for people they don’t care about.”
Nick mumbled something I couldn’t hear. “Let’s get out of here,” he said. “I need to shower before I see anyone.”
“You want to come over?” Holt asked. “You can shower there.”
Nick stared at him as if he’d grown a second head. “To your house?” 
“Sure,” said Holt, laughing. “My family’s home. I have some clothes you’d probably fit into. It’d be fun. Autumn, you can come too.”
Nick looked like Christmas had come early that year. “Sure, that’d be great.”
We got back into Holt’s car and he carefully turned the car around. Nick didn’t have as much luck getting unstuck from the mud. We got a little ways back down the road, then realized Nick wasn’t behind us.
I looked back. “Uh oh,” I said. His car was stuck. Holt looked in the rearview mirror. “We’ll have to help.”
He stopped the car and got out and the two of us got out and walked back to Nick. After about half an hour, Nick’s car came free of the mud. “No wonder you slept here. You couldn’t get out,” I muttered.
Both Nick and Holt had been behind the car pushing. I was in the driver’s seat steering, so when we finally got the car free and I got out I expected both guys to be covered in mud, but somehow I wasn’t even surprised when only one of them was. Nick was now completely caked in a brown mess of dirt and lake slime. There was even mud in his hair. But Holt looked almost as pristine as when we’d left that morning. 
I stared at him for so long he said, “What?” but I only turned on my heel and walked away. 
“Let’s get going,” I said over my shoulder. “Carley’s going to be worried sick.” I slammed into Holt’s car and sat there with my arms folded.
Holt got in and looked at me carefully. “What are you mad about?” He asked.
I raised my eyebrows at him.
“You and I have to talk,” I said, folding my arms over my chest. I felt more prepared for battle that way. He had started the car and we were rolling back down the dirt road, Nick finally following behind.
“About what?” he asked, carefully avoiding my eyes.
“About all the weird things that happen around you,” I exploded. I went through a list that included the flowers, people’s strange reaction to him, the fight with Samuel, his sudden desire not to have anything to do with me, and now the mud just sliding off him as if it was never there. Wild hand gestures assisted me in making big points. “I deserve to know why you hate me.”
He gaped at me. “What? I don’t hate you! How could you think that?”
“Because you don’t want to have anything to do with me!” I cried. “Because even before you told me you couldn’t see me, you wouldn’t touch me! What else am I supposed to think?”
“That’s not it at all,” said Holt quietly. “Far from it.”
I didn’t know what to say. If he didn’t hate me then what reason would he have for pushing me away?
Finally he took a deep breath and said, “We can talk, but not right now. It’s complicated. I’m sorry, Autumn. We’ll get Nick home and reunited with Carley so she can beat him up or whatever she’s planning on doing to him, then we’ll go out to the garden and I’ll explain everything I can. Plus, I’d like you to meet my family before . . .” He trailed off. 
I wanted for him to finish the sentence, but he didn’t. I tried to relax. This was a start, and if he wanted me to meet his family he couldn’t completely hate me after all. No matter what, at least I’d know what was going on after we talked. Even though it might hurt like hell, I needed to know. I was exhausted from the last week. I hadn’t slept. I’d worried about Holt hating me, but now he said he didn’t. And now he’d explain. 
Good. Finally.
I hoped it would be a simple explanation, like a “My family and the Cheshires fought over land and now we hate each other” kind of thing, but somehow I knew it wasn’t going to be so easy. I had a hunch that after today, after Holt told me what was going on, the very last thing anything would be was easy.
Chapter Eleven

I stared at my phone as we drove, waiting to have enough bars so I could call Carley. When I got her on the line she was frantic. In a rush she said that no one had found Nick and that he was probably dead somewhere or had flung himself off a cliff because of their fight, and was now dying of injuries because no one knew where he was. I told her where we’d found Nick and that he was a little tired but fine. Instantly she started screaming an incoherent rant about how rude Nick was. It took me five minutes to calm her down. Finally she just said she’d get to the Roths’ house as soon as she could, and hung up. Holt and I made the rest of the drive in silence.
As Holt pulled into his driveway I realized I’d never gotten a good look at the front of his house; it was mostly blocked by the garden. I saw that there was a large courtyard and on one side a four-car garage attached to the house. Holt parked in front of it and we got out of the car to meet Nick, who had parked his mud-covered car further away. 
Standing right in front of the door to Holt’s house, I could finally appreciate how massive and imposing it was. White columns surrounded me on either side and the windows were framed with dark drapes. I was really nervous about meeting Holt’s family, especially since I had no idea what was going on with Holt, and until just a little while ago I had thought he hated me.
Holt opened the door and we walked into an entryway. There was a carpeted staircase winding upwards directly in front of us, with thick wooden doors surrounded by white molding on either side. I could see a closed door straight ahead.
The floor was wood, covered by a massive carpet with a flower design: a single rose.
“I’m going to take him to get changed,” said Holt, pointing up the stairs. “You can wait in here.”
I followed him to the door on the right, which he opened. It was a library, painted a bright yellow but with books lining most of the walls. The furniture was leather and modern; as Holt and Nick left I sank gratefully onto the couch. There was a stack of magazines on a small side table and I grabbed one and started to flip through it while I waited.
Once Holt had left the room, though, my nerves took over. I felt awkward and out of place and I wondered why I had let Carley convince me to text Holt that morning. He was the one who had said we couldn’t be friends, and then I’d forced myself on him. Granted, I thought I deserved an explanation for whatever was going on, but I still felt awful being in his house and sitting on his couch. If he didn’t want anything to do with me, I should just leave him alone.
I was still sitting there a few minutes later when the door burst open and in came Casey and Susan.
“Hi!” said Susan, almost squealing in delight. 
I put the magazine away and stood up. “Hi,” I said, waiting to see what would come next. 
Susan was dressed in a gorgeous white summer dress, and her hair fell almost to her waist in ringlets. I was acutely aware that I was still in my PJs and jacket from that morning.
“It’s so nice to see you,” she said, coming forward and wringing my hand. Before I had a chance to catch my breath she enveloped me in a hug. “I just know we’re going to be the best of friends.”
“Do you need anything?” she asked. “Water? Food? Anything at all – we’d be happy to get it for you.”
“No, thanks,” I said. After eating most of Carley’s breakfast I probably wouldn’t be hungry for a month.
“Hey, I see you found Autumn,” said Holt, coming in. He had obviously showered, because his hair hung loose and damp around his head, only making him more attractive.
“We were just introducing ourselves,” said Susan, who moved to give Holt a hug. 
Casey went to the window and peered out. “Carley is here.”
The four of us went into the hall to meet her.
“Where’s Nick, Holt?” I asked him.
“He’s coming,” he replied. “He had more to wash off than I did. I’m not sure those clothes he was wearing are savable.” 
Holt opened the front door so that Carley didn’t have to knock. She looked like a thundercloud about to burst, but when she saw Holt she calmed down a little. He ushered her inside and said, “How are you?” 
“I’m fine,” she answered; now she was outright smiling. “Just came to see Nick.”
“He should be alright now,” said Holt. 
Watching as Holt calmed Carley down, I remembered how his presence had affected Olivia at the restaurant. 
“Do you need anything?” asked Susan, stepping forward. “You look like you could use some hot tea.”
With surprise I realized that Susan was right. I’d been so busy watching the interaction between Holt and Carley that I hadn’t noticed that she too was still dressed in her PJs. She didn’t look happy about it, either.
“That would be great,” she said. 
“Let’s all go to the kitchen,” said Casey. 
She led the way toward the closed door I had seen when I got there, and everyone else followed behind. I could hear Holt and Carley lost in quiet conversation. I was grateful to him for distracting my friend from her worry about Nick and glad that no matter what went on between us he’d still be there for my friends if they needed him.
The kitchen was just as amazing as the library. Everything in it was black or white. The countertops were white marble; gleaming pots and pans hung against the backdrop of white walls, while the fridge and the stove were black. Huge bay windows looked over the garden. I felt a slight twitch, but seeing the garden didn’t disorient me this time.
I forced my attention back to the room. 
“Hi, everyone,” said Nick, coming through the doorway just as Susan was putting a pot of water on for tea and the rest of us were seating ourselves around the counter island. 
“Nicholas Michael Farnsworth, how DARE YOU DO THAT TO ME?” As she said it, Carley jumped out of the seat she’d just sat in and went over and smacked Nick on the shoulder.
“Ouch, Carley,” said Nick, rubbing the injured area. “I didn’t think you’d care.”
“Didn’t think I’d care? How could you think I wouldn’t care?” she almost screamed at him.
“Carley, come on. I was fine,” said Nick.
“If I have anything to say about it you won’t be in another five minutes,” she said.
“Why don’t you two sit down? Carley, if you really want to kill him, do it outside. Less messy,” said Holt, grinning.
“Thanks a lot,” muttered Nick, but Carley got out of his way so he could join everyone else around the island.
While Susan prepared tea, Holt motioned to me. I paused for a minute, enjoying the conversation as Carley continuing to chide Nick, but I got up and followed Holt when he asked me to. No one commented when we left. Even though he had said we’d talk, I was surprised he’d leave Nick and Carley with Susan and Casey. But I knew Susan and Casey would take good care of them.
My heart started thumping faster when I realized he was leading me into the garden. For a few minutes we walked quietly along, getting lost (at least I did) in the paths and smells. Holt didn’t say anything, but soon he led me gently to a small alcove that I didn’t remember seeing the other times I’d come in.
The alcove was like a small courtyard covered in stones. There were walls of stone that reached over my head, even the floor was paved with flagstones. Carved into the wall in front of me was a design: a black rose. It was beautiful. Two stone benches stood opposite each other and in front of me was a half stone wall. I started to walk toward the stone wall, to see over it, but instead, for the first time since I’d met him, Holt took my hand.
Everything else fell away as I felt his touch. My hand felt alive and tingly, as if I had just touched magic I’d only thought possible in a dream. Involuntarily, I smiled.
My fingers flexed around his and I was sure that no matter what happened, there was no way I’d be able to let go of his hand. 
I looked up at him. His eyes were like churning waves, an even deeper green than usual, with shots of silver froth. 
“Are you alright?” he asked, his voice a little hoarse.
I wasn’t even sure I could speak, so I just nodded. He led me to one of the benches and sat down, never letting go of my hand.
I sat next to him on the bench, waiting for him to stay something. He just stared down at our intertwined hands as if in awe. I had no idea why I was reacting to his touch that way, but maybe he had known it would happen and that’s why he hadn’t touched me? 
As usual lately, I didn’t get it.
“I . . .” He paused, but quickly started again. “I want to tell you a story. Of sorts. It’s up to you to decide . . . what you believe. And what you want. What you want is very important.”
“You don’t have to explain anything if you don’t want to,” I said. At that moment I meant it. All I cared about was that he keep holding my hand.
“No,” he said. “I do. Now more than ever.” He squeezed my hand reassuringly.
“Can’t we just sit for a little while like this? I don’t want anything to ruin it,” I said.
He looked me right in the eye, leaning very close. “Nothing will ruin this,” he said fiercely. “Nothing. Ever. No matter what, we will always be friends.”
He took a deep breath, as if he wasn’t sure where to begin. 
“I knew from the moment I saw you,” he said, “that you were one of the special ones. You could smell the flowers. You knew what I did at the airport. It was amazing. But I also knew from the moment I saw you . . . that you weren’t meant for me.”
I felt my heart sink.
“And you’ve noticed some odd things happening,” he said. “Stuff with flowers, stuff with people, all the girls I hang out with . . . Samuel.”
“I thought you must have a family feud or something,” I said desperately. 
“We do,” said Holt, nodding. “You have no idea. It’s just not what you’re imagining.”
“So, just tell me,” I burst out. 
Holt continued to stall for a while, but finally he stood up, still holding my hand. “It might be better if I show you.”
He put his hand on the bench, smacking it gently against the cold stone. At first nothing happened. I frowned. What did he think he was doing?
But then slowly, at first so gradually I couldn’t believe what I was seeing, vines came out of nowhere and started to creep up the stone of the bench, stretching from all around to rise up and encase it. I was forced to jump to my feet.
After the vines had settled, flowers followed them. They started small, but then they grew to burst forth in a gorgeous array of blues, yellows, pinks, whites, and purples. All the while Holt kept one hand on the bench and the other entwined with mine, and I stared, transfixed by what I saw. 
Finally the growing slowed, then came to a complete stop. The bench was now covered with a cushion of flowers, so much so that I couldn’t even see the original stones underneath.
“So . . .” I didn’t even understand what had just happened enough to be able to ask about it. I could feel his warm palm in mine, and after seeing plants grow from nothing it felt like the only real thing in the world. But I still didn’t get whatever he was trying to tell me. “So, if you’re telling the truth and you’re NOT totally insane . . .”
“So then, I’m a Fairy,” he said, looking at me. “I’m part of the Summer Kingdom Court here, which explains the flowers and people being happy to see me; it has to do with the smell of the flowers on me.” He stopped, waiting to hear my reaction.
“But you don’t look like a Fairy!” I cried. “Don’t they wear tights and crowns of flowers or something?” I was scrambling for some logical reason for him not to be one.
Holt choked and then just laughed.
“No, or at least, I don’t. At the Solstice Party some of us will dress more like our Fairy selves, but no, you can’t tell by looking at me if I don’t want you to, except maybe the designs under the skin. Those aren’t always so easy to hide.” 
I had to wonder: was the guy holding my hand actually crazy? But another part of me whispered that he’d just made flowers grow to blooming in seconds out of thin air. So maybe I was the one who was crazy? 
I thought back to the time Leslie and Lydia had cornered me, how it had almost looked like there were patterns shining under their skin. But then that would mean . . . I would wait to see if he explained that.
Instead I said, “But I don’t smell anything on you. It doesn’t make me giddy when I see you. Just that first time.”
 “No, you don’t act like everyone else. It’s why you’re special. The smell doesn’t affect you. None of it does,” he said, quietly looking at our combined hands. 
“Why me?” I asked. “Why could I see what you did at the airport?”
“I honestly don’t know,” he said. “There are very few humans who can be what you are. Really, it must mean that somewhere in your ancestry there is some Fairy blood.” 
I nodded numbly. I really needed to sit down. Tugging him along, I went to the other bench and sat. Sure, I have a tad bit of Fairy blood running through me. No big deal.
He waited for me to say something, but I was lost in thought. 
This may sound crazy, but it actually explained a lot. People just sort of smiled and bounced around him when they saw him, the flowers reached for him, if you looked closely you saw designs under his skin. It also explained how he had saved me so fast when that guy was about to fall on me and how he had known I was in his garden that first night.
“Okay. So, say I believe you . . . you’re part of a Fairy Summer Kingdom? Right? I’m supposed to believe that,” I said. 
“I am, we love dancing and happiness. We love beautiful colors and physical growth and warmth – as we express through flowers, among other things,” he said, his voice rising with pleasure.
“Isn’t there something called Glamour for Fairies? So that mortals can’t see you? Why can I see you?”
Holt shrugged. “It’s easier on us if we just blend in. The salt air helps dampen humans’ ability to sense us, so we don’t have as big an impact on you. We only use Glamour when we have to.”
“Have you ever used it on me?” I asked indignantly. 
“Not since that first day,” he said drily. “We only use it if we’re in trouble.”
That made sense. I had confronted him about what he had done at the airport and he must have realized that I could see through his magic. “Why are you telling me all this?” I asked, wondering how he could reveal such secrets.
“Well, you insisted,” he said with a slight smile. “And because you would have known eventually.”
“So you were planning on telling me?” I asked. “Just not yet?”
“I had hoped that at some point you’d know, yes,” he said cautiously.
For a long time I didn’t say anything. I wasn’t sure what to say. Tons of questions were darting through my mind in a jumbled heap.
Now it was time to ask about the other part of things, but I had a feeling I knew what was coming. “What about Samuel?” I asked. “Is he part of the Fairy Summer Kingdom too?”
Now Holt really did look concerned. “No, not exactly.”
“Because he doesn’t have the same effect on flowers and people,” I said, remembering that the only really unusual thing about Samuel had been the cold.
“Oh, he has an effect all right,” Holt muttered bitterly.
“I don’t get it,” I said, frowning. “Your families are feuding? Is that it? But about what, if he’s not a Summer Fairy?”
“They aren’t feuding,” said Holt. “We are enemies. Sort of, but we also support each other when the time calls for it. It’s complicated.”
“Okay, so how does he fit in?” I asked.
“He’s part of the Winter Kingdom,” said Holt slowly, not looking at me. 
“Oh . . .” I said. “Wait, what?”
“The Winter Kingdom is the opposite of the Summer Kingdom. They are Fairies, but their powers are different. They are not for pleasure and happiness. They are for cold and whipping winds,” said Holt. “We do not get along. They have less power in the summer, while we have less in the winter.”
“Are your families at war?” I asked with concern. “Because you don’t look like you are.”
“No, not right now. There’s a truce, which we hope to hold,” said Holt. “But I’m not sure that’s going to happen.”
“Are the Cheshire girls really Samuel’s cousins?” I asked, thinking of the impossibly beautiful and icy women I always saw him with. Oddly enough, it made more sense that Samuel was a Fairy. He always seemed so shockingly graceful and smooth. And last night at the cliff he’d moved so fast . . .
“Some of them, but some of them are members of his Court,” he said.
“So, Samuel could date one of them if he chose?” I asked. 
“The fact that they are members of his Court means that he, specifically, cannot, no,” said Holt cautiously.
“Wait, why?” I asked. “He seems very close with them.”
“Why are you so worried about Samuel’s dating habits?” asked Holt in a strangled voice.
“I was just curious. Are you dating any of the girls in your Court? Susan?” I tried to keep any trace of jealousy out of my voice, but I could hear an edge to the question. 
“I am a Prince in the Summer Court. I am heir to my parents’ throne. I do not ‘date’ members of our Courts.”
I nodded encouragingly. “That sounds impressive. I don’t actually know what it means, but it sounds impressive.”
He smiled. “It’s not. It’s just a fact. I am what I am and my duties require me to do . . . what they require me to do.”
That sounded seriously ominous.
“And Samuel is the same?” I asked, but I had a bad feeling I already knew what Holt was going to say Samuel was.
“Samuel is a Prince of the Winter Court. He is also his parents’ heir,” said Holt grimly. 
“And that’s bad?” I asked tentatively. “I mean, I can see you think it’s bad, but why is it bad?” I really didn’t get it. Basically Holt had yet to tell me anything bad.
“It’s bad,” said Holt, “because we both have to find brides.”
“You what?” I asked, shocked. What century did we live in again? 
“Why do you have to find brides?” I wanted to know.
“So that the lines continue, so that the Courts continue. Our very survival depends on my finding a queen to rule with me,” he said. “Look, Autumn, I know this is a lot for you to take in,” he continued, standing up with me and reaching for me. “But please just listen.”
I felt overwhelmed. Of all of the things I thought might be going on with Holt and Samuel, and between the Cheshires and the Roths, this hadn’t been one of them. “Why didn’t you tell me all of this before?” I asked, groping to make some sense of it. 
“I don’t know. It had been so long since someone like you had come along, I was afraid of ruining it. The last thing in the world I want to do is hurt you. I couldn’t stand it if I hurt you,” he said. His eyes were pleading.
“So, is that why Samuel hates me?” I asked. “Because I would marry you and not him?”
Holt looked upset now. “Samuel doesn’t hate you, but he’s upset because he doesn’t want to marry you.” He paused and sighed. “Look, it’s complicated. I wish you’d let me explain more.”
“You should have told me,” I said quietly. “You really should have told me.”
“I wanted to,” he said desperately, reaching for me again. “I wanted to from the second I saw you.”
This time I let him pull me back. I sat there, waiting to hear the rest of the story.

Chapter Twelve

I braced myself. Holt had explained a lot, but none of it actually made clear why I was a problem. And judging by the Cheshire girls’ behavior, I was definitely a problem. They wouldn’t have ordered me to stay away from Holt unless there was more to the story. So I waited to hear what it was.
“The other thing you should know is about the Rose,” he said quietly.
When I didn’t say anything he kept talking.
“The One Black Rose is the Rose the heir to a Kingdom gives to the girl he wants to be his queen. Usually there is one girl predestined for it. I could give the Rose a hundred times, but only once the right girl takes it will she tap the powers of the Fairy Court and our bond. It’s not always easy, though, to figure out which is the right girl. For many of our choices, if we tried to give a girl the Rose she just wouldn’t be able to take it. No matter how much I cared about such a girl, she’d go on to live her life without me. 
“Each royal family has only one Rose for each Prince, which means we can’t go giving out five roses at a time. We can’t just take it back from a girl if it starts to not work out, once we give the Rose and once she accepts it, it’s for life. She is ours and we are hers. Forever.” 
Wow. Apparently Fairies didn’t believe in divorce.
All I could think to say was, “A Black Rose isn’t very romantic.”
Holt shook his head and smiled wryly. “It’s not black exactly. It’s this riot of midnight colors dancing over the petals and stem. My mother keeps mine locked away.” He pointed to the design that I’d seen when we’d come into the alcove. “It’s behind there.” 
Normally my curiosity would get the better of me and I’d go look, but I had too many unanswered questions. “Why can’t any girl accept? Shouldn’t it be whoever you want?”
“We are supposed to want the one we are destined for. Samuel, for example, has never offered the Rose to a girl, because there’s never been a girl he thought he’d want to spend the rest of his life with. But it wasn’t until this summer that the girl he was destined for came along. From the moment the Cheshires saw you they knew you could be a Winter Queen.”
That sounded overwhelming. So, it wasn’t so much that I was destined for Samuel as that I was destined to be a Fairy Queen, and it was Samuel’s turn to find a girl to marry. “But, when a girl accepts the Rose, what happens?” I asked. “Does she automatically become queen?”
“No, nothing like that,” said Holt. “The magic has to be passed on from the current queen. It’s just that she is now the prince’s wife and prepared to become queen in the future. When the time is right.”
“Wouldn’t my taking the Rose just make me part of the Court?”
“No, not once a girl takes the Rose. For a girl to become part of the Court, the girls who are already part of the Court have to help choose that girl, and she has to not want the Rose. If she wants the Rose, then trying to become part of the Court could be disastrous for her.” 
“So, what is it about me that makes you think I could accept a Rose?” I asked. I really wasn’t sure I believed any of this.
“Well, you don’t put up with any nonsense, you just do your thing. Don’t think it’s the first time girls from the Winter Court have ordered potential queens around. Most run shrieking for the hills, but you just stood your ground.”
None of this sounded very special to me. I was tired of being pushed around so I had refused to be pushed around. But it was probably the first time in my life that I had done that. Normally no one would describe me as brave. 
All I could do at that point was nod. Could I really accept a Rose? Did I want to? I had no idea. And it still didn’t explain exactly why Holt and Samuel were fighting. But I didn’t even have to ask, because Holt answered the question for me. 
“It is rare to have two princes so close in age,” he said quietly. “The difficulty is that we both need queens to rule and we can’t pick just anyone. There is no difference between Samuel and me. We would both prefer to marry for love, but he feels that he has less of a choice, because according to our customs, he must marry first. So, when you came along, his whole family expected him to marry you, and he doesn’t want to.”
I noticed, I thought grimly.
“I’m sorry,” Holt continued. He reached out to touch me and gently placed his hand on my back, rubbing in small circles. “I never meant to hurt you.”
“Still, it seems like there must be more between you and Samuel. What is it?” I asked, trying to concentrate. His touch was so distracting.
Holt sighed. “There was another girl. Lily. We were just teenagers but we both liked her. I liked her a lot and I offered her a Rose.”
I gasped. “But she couldn’t accept it?” 
“No,” said Holt. “She did accept it. Samuel was furious. He thought I’d taken her out from under him. He might have been right, but we were happy . . .”
“So, what happened?”
“A couple of months after she accepted, she was out late one night, got in an accident . . .”
Holt’s voice trailed off. I saw his body clench. 
“You were engaged to be married and she died?” I asked, shocked.
“Yes,” Holt said, shifting uncomfortably. “We were probably too young, but I miss her.”
It was clear that it wasn’t something he was ready to talk about.
“And I’m the next girl?” I asked. 
“Yes,” he said. “There hasn’t been anyone since Lily.”
“I see,” I said. That was comforting . . .sort of. 
So, I was supposed to be with Samuel. He had to marry first. It explained why the Cheshire girls had told me to stay away from Holt. If they thought I was going to accept his Rose instead of Samuel’s they’d probably do everything they could to prevent it. Somehow they had known almost as soon as I got to Castleton that we were spending time together, maybe even that I had started to care about Holt, and so they had tried to come between us. 
“It’s all the more important that I talk to Samuel now,” I said. “Tell him that I know.”
Holt’s face looked ashen. “Yes, I guess you have to do that.”
“But I don’t want to marry him,” I said. “And if he doesn’t want to marry me, it should be simple.” I ignored the part of me that said how attracted I was to him every time I saw him. He was sarcastic and rude and I wanted nothing to do with it. At least, I didn’t think I did.
Holt smiled sadly. “It’s fate. Fairy fate,” he said. “It’s who you’re supposed to be with.”
The idea that who I was supposed to be with was somehow fated, that I had no choice in the matter at all, made panic rise inside my chest. I wanted a choice! I liked Holt. I’d liked him from the minute I’d laid eyes on him. My reaction to him couldn’t just be tossed aside as if it meant nothing. There was something that drew me to Samuel too, though, and now I knew that it was because he was my destiny. But he hated me, so as far as I was concerned he wasn’t even an option. Still, hearing that according to the Fairy world I was destined to accept his Rose made my being interested in him even if he was a jerk make more sense.
It also explained why Holt had felt like he needed to stay away from me. He knew I wasn’t his.
“What now?” I asked.
“I have no idea,” said Holt. “I just know that I can’t stay away from you anymore. But we have to see what happens with Samuel. If I were to offer you the Rose, his family would attack mine. There’s no question about that. His mother is a vicious queen.”
“The Winter Court would attack the Summer Court?” I asked, shocked that I could be in the middle of a war. Hell, I could be the cause of the war.
“Why do you think the Cheshire girls came after you?” asked Holt, as if it should be obvious. “Winter and Summer imply opposites. Of course we don’t get along.”
“Samuel would never let them attack your family,” I protested.
“It’s not up to Samuel,” Holt countered. “His mother is the queen. The Cheshire girls follow her lead, not Samuel’s. For Samuel to rule he has to find his own queen.”
“Which is fated to be me,” I said looking down at my hands.
“Yes,” said Holt. “Look, if you need to talk to Samuel then do it, but I suggest you do it when his family isn’t around.”
“But wait,” I protested. “If I’m supposed to be with Samuel, why do I like you at all?”
Holt turned and looked at me. “I don’t know. My mother doesn’t either. You should just like Samuel, and not have any reaction at all to me.”
“But I do have a reaction to you,” I protested, getting a little frantic at the idea of losing him.
Holt smiled, but it was a dejected sort of smile. “I know, but you shouldn’t.” He kissed my hand, and then he was gone.
I sat in the garden for a long time, staring at the bench Holt had covered in flowers. Finally I got up and walked through the garden and back to the house. Somehow I knew my way out without getting lost. I went into the kitchen, but only Susan was there. When I asked, she told me that Nick and Carley had gone home. She offered to walk back with me (I think she knew from my dazed expression that I’d talked to Holt), but I said I’d walk alone.
I don’t know how I made it home. I wasn’t paying attention to where I was going or even where my feet were landing; I was too caught up in what Holt had told me. The idea of losing Holt, of not being around him, made me sick to my stomach. But now my reaction to Samuel, why I had any feelings for him at all, was clearer too. I was supposed to like him and I had never been supposed to like Holt. I just wished one of them had told me sooner.
I knew I didn’t have much time before Samuel came looking for me, if he was going to at all, but I needed to get home first. It was almost dinner and Carley was probably in fits. Plus, tomorrow I was supposed to work at the café in the morning. Work? I barely remembered that I had a job. I definitely didn’t want to spend the morning trying to serve coffee to people while my mind was in a haze of what Holt had just told me about himself and Samuel.
When I got back to the house, Nick’s car was in the driveway and the lights were on inside. 
As soon as I opened the door I heard Carley yell, “Where have you been?” 
She and Nick were sitting in the kitchen eating pizza, so I sat down and grabbed my own slice. I had missed lunch (I had been a bit busy finding out that the two guys I liked were princes; oh, and Fairies too) and was ravenous. 
“Just around,” I mumbled through a mouth full of pizza.
“Where were you two?” I asked, before I took another bite and poured myself some soda.
“We went out to lunch, then shopping,” said Carley. “Nick was apologizing.”
“I bet he was,” I said drily.
“Where were you?” Carley asked. “I called you a million times.”
I chewed my lip. “Worried about me?”
“Of course,” said Carley. “Plus, I needed to know what you wanted on your pizza.”
“Right,” I said.
“Were you with Holt?” she teased.
“Carley, leave her alone,” said Nick. “Maybe Samuel’s the one she likes anyway.”
I nearly choked on my pizza.
“Yeah, right,” I said. “Maybe, except that he hates me.”
“What difference does it make, they’re both gorgeous,” said Carley. “And he doesn’t hate you.”
I knew Carley was wrong. What Holt had just told me confirmed that he did.
And now I knew it was because they were Fairy princes. I looked at Nick to see how he was taking this conversation, but he was just eating his pizza. 
“I’m going to bed,” I said. I had eaten two pieces of pizza in like five minutes, which must have been some kind of record.
“But we were going to watch a movie,” said Carley. “We were deciding between Interview with a Vampire and A Midsummer Night’s Dream. I think it’s about Fairies.” 
I winced.
“I’m really tired. Plus, work tomorrow,” I said, and grabbing my soda cup I said goodnight and headed to my room. I knew Carley and Nick were staring after me, but I didn’t care. I was exhausted.
As I climbed the stairs I felt the buzz of my phone in my pocket. I pulled it out and checked the name on the caller ID. Samuel had sent me a text: “I heard you talked to Holt. I’m outside. Please come.”
I turned right around on the stairs and raced down them. I rushed out the front door and down the porch steps.
“Autumn,” Samuel said from the side of the house.
“Hi,” I said breathlessly. Now that I knew he was a Fairy I looked to see if I noticed anything different about him. I could feel the pull toward him that I’d felt from the very first time I’d seen him, but now I knew what it was. He was my destiny . . . or at least that’s what the Fairies believed. They believed that my future lay with sarcastic Samuel Cheshire.
“Are you alright?” Samuel asked. It felt like the first real concern, unlaced with sarcasm, that he had shown for me since we’d met.
“Yes,” I said. “I think so.” I wanted to get right to the point. “You’re really a prince in the Winter Court?”
“Yes,” said Samuel. It was difficult to see his face clearly in the moonlight. “I came here to see if you were okay and to see what questions you have.” He paused and looked at me seriously. “Do you have questions?”
Well, duh.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” I asked indignantly. We were standing very close, next to the house.
“How could I? It’s not something you just come out and say to people. Plus, if my family had let you alone none of this would have happened,” he said. He was angry, but I didn’t think it was at me. 
I realized I wouldn’t get anywhere questioning why he had done what he did, so I changed tactics a little. “I don’t get your cousins,” I said. “Why did they come after me?”
“Because we are not friends with the Summer Court, and for us to ensure our legacy I must find a queen,” said Samuel sharply. “Holt should back off.” There was anger in his voice that I thought might be bordering on fury.
“But if you don’t want me and Holt does, what’s the problem?” I asked.
“I have to find my bride first,” Samuel said, “and just because Holt wants you doesn’t mean it’s right for him to have you.”
I had no response to that.
“Did he tell you about Lily?” There was a challenge in his eyes.
“Yes,” I said, “But he didn’t mean for that to happen.”
“So!” Samuel said. “He can’t be trusted.”
“You can’t tell me who to love,” I shot back at him. 
Samuel shook his head. “I know. I wouldn’t.” And I knew that was true. Samuel had done his best to stay out of it and stay away from me. Apparently he couldn’t.
“So, what now?” I asked. I could feel tears forming at the corners of my eyes. I wanted to understand, but I didn’t know how.
“Just be careful,” he said, frowning. “We’ll figure it out.” 
“Be careful of what?” I demanded. I threw up my hands and stomped around. Apparently childish behavior was called for at a time like this. “As far as I know, your family is the only one that’s threatened me.”
Samuel’s face clouded.
“Look, they’re doing what they think they have to in order to survive. They would never hurt a hair on your head, so you don’t need to worry about it. Lydia and Leslie are going to back off, and if Holt stays out of our business that should be the end of it.”
None of that explained what would happen to me, though. Before I had a chance to point that out, Samuel had turned on his heel and disappeared into the darkness. 
Chapter Thirteen

I couldn’t sleep, not after everything Holt had told me. I needed someone to share it all with, but how could I tell Carley? 
“Hey, by the way, those two families with really hot sons just happen to be Fairies? No big deal!” I realized I could never say that to her.
In the early hours of the morning I decided I should talk to Susan. She’d been so sweet to me, and since she was a Fairy too she might be able to answer questions I wanted the answers to, but didn’t want to ask Holt. Bottom line: I was really confused and needed someone to talk to.
While it was still half dark outside, I threw off the covers and showered. Once I was dressed in shorts and a blue t-shirt I headed downstairs to eat breakfast and watch TV. Not for the first time did I miss my mom’s cooking; she always made a hot breakfast when I wanted it. I was capable of cracking an egg and putting it in a frying pan, but that didn’t mean I should do it, because when I did, it tasted awful. Feeling more miserable than ever, I started to channel flip.
I had decided who I needed to talk to, but I waited to text her until I was pretty sure I wouldn’t wake her up. 
As soon as I thought it was late enough, I texted Susan and asked if we could hang out. She texted me back instantly to say that it was a great idea. She suggested a picnic lunch and said she’d bring everything we needed; she just wanted to know if I preferred American or cheddar cheese. 
After I texted her back that I preferred cheddar, I sat back and relaxed. Somehow she must have known that I wanted to be alone with her, not around a bunch of people. I couldn’t very well ask her about Fairy magic in the middle of a crowded restaurant.
The minutes dragged by until I was supposed to meet her. I knew it would help if I didn’t stare at the clock every two seconds, but I couldn’t help it. 
Finally it was time to leave. I grabbed up my tote and headed out the door. We had agreed to meet at the beginning of the same road where Nick had spent the night, and it took me no time at all to get there in the mood I was in. Susan was actually waiting for me there.
“Hi,” she said brightly. As usual, she gave me a big hug. She was wearing pastel colors today: pink shorts and a yellow top with tiny blue flowers along the sleeves, plus oversized sunglasses. It was a look I definitely couldn’t have pulled off. 
“How are you doing?” she asked me seriously, looking into my eyes.
I squinted in the sun. “I’m fine,” I lied. 
“Uh huh, and I was born with black hair,” she said with amusement.
I laughed. “It’s just a lot to take in.” She’d brought a picnic basket, and I grabbed the handle and picked it up while she carried a blanket.
“So, Holt told you that he told me?” I asked timidly. I wondered how Holt had described my reaction. I’d been in shock, so I could barely even remember what we’d said. I just remembered the gist, the main point: two Fairy princes were fighting over me.
“You must be overwhelmed,” said Susan sympathetically, putting an arm around my shoulders for comfort.
“I guess a lot of people would think it’s a good kind of problem to have,” I joked.
Susan laughed long and hard. Her laugh was always lovely, like a jingle of bells. 
“I don’t know about that,” she said with amusement. “Actually, it’s very odd that it even happened at all. It’s not supposed to.”
“What do you mean?” I asked. 
“Well,” said Susan carefully, “normally two princes are not born at the same time. For a long time people just thought that the Winter Queen, Samuel’s mother, couldn’t have children, then she had Samuel, but she was much older than Mrs. Roth was when she had Holt. I looked it up in our histories. Nothing like this has ever come close to happening before.”
“But why me?” I almost wailed. It was the same question I’d asked Holt the day before, and above all I wanted an explanation for the feelings I was having. I’d never been a wishy washy girl, and I knew I cared about Holt. I knew that was real, but apparently I was supposed to be with Samuel. But since Samuel wanted nothing to do with me AND his family didn’t think I should be with Holt, I had no idea what to do. Apparently, as long as Samuel was in the picture, Holt and I could never be together, which filled me with dread. Carefully, I tried to explain my fears. 
We walked while we talked, and finally we got to the picnic area where Susan had been heading, which had a stunning view of the lake surrounded by trees. Susan laid the patchwork blanket down on a soft spot of grass right by the water’s edge. There was a gentle slope falling into the lake in front of us, and there was no one else in sight except for a small fishing boat off in the distance.
While I kept talking, Susan set out all sorts of food. It looked like she’d bought an entire grocery store.
When I had finally told her everything, she nodded understandingly. “I don’t know what to say,” she said sadly. “It’s never happened before. You are destined for Samuel, and every other time that’s happened it’s never even been a question. Basically, you shouldn’t feel for Holt the way you do.”
“Wonderful,” I muttered. “But I do feel that way.”
Susan chewed her lip. “We’ll figure it out,” she promised. “Everyone’s just trying to understand right now.” 
“Yeah, but while you’re busy doing that the Cheshires are busy threatening Holt, and me too,” I said hotly.
Susan looked alarmed. “That shouldn’t be happening,” she insisted. Then her shoulders slumped. “But it doesn’t surprise me. That’s how the Winter Court handles things. Violently.”
Now it was my turn to look alarmed. 
Quickly Susan said, “Don’t worry. It doesn’t mean anything. I promise. I shouldn’t even have said it. I know they won’t hurt you. This is just upsetting for me as well.”
I took a closer look at Susan. She had dark circles under her eyes, and beneath the bright smile I could see worry. 
 “The thing is,” I said, “I don’t like Samuel and he definitely doesn’t like me.”
Susan nodded. “It would just be so much easier if you liked him and didn’t care for Holt at all. And he liked you.”
“Are you trying to get rid of me?” I cried, starting to jump to my feet.
“No, no,” Susan said, reaching out her hands to stop me. “That’s not it at all. It’s just that . . . the Cheshires sort of think they own you. Not Samuel, but the others. They think Holt is trying to steal you away.”
“No one owns me,” I told her stubbornly. “I’m a person, not some piece of meat.”
“I know that,” said Susan, “and so does Holt. I even think so does Samuel.”
I did realize that somewhere underneath all that sarcasm Samuel was a decent guy. Even if his family had threatened the Roths and me, he hadn’t. And I was sure that he wouldn’t.
I could see that this conversation had upset Susan. In an effort to cheer her up I said, “Why don’t you tell me about Fairies?”
Susan’s face instantly brightened.
“What do you want to know?” she asked. In her excitement she almost spilled the pitcher of lemonade she’d brought for us, but she caught it just in time and giggled.
“Well, for starters, in books Fairies can use Glamour or something like it, and Holt said something about it too. Is that true?” I asked.
Susan laughed. “Yes, well sort of. It’s not exactly the same thing. We can’t really make people see stuff that isn’t there. Not for very long anyway. But we can sort of . . . change what they see. If we have to. We can change their memories. If they see something we don’t want them to, one of us performing magic, for example, we can make them forget. Just give them a happy memory in its place.”
I nodded. Instantly an image of Holt performing Fairy magic popped into my head. It was hard NOT to think of Holt whenever I saw Susan or talked about Fairies, and thinking about him always had a calming effect on me.
I suddenly had an unsettling thought. I knew Holt hadn’t tried to use Glamour, but  maybe one of the others had. “Has anyone used that on me?” 
“Oh no,” Susan cried, shaking her head so that her ponytail waved back and fourth. “We would never use that on family. Plus, one of the reasons Holt knew you were special was that you could see his magic.”
I was touched. “You want me to be family?” I asked softly.
“Oh, Autumn, of course!” said Susan. “If that’s what Holt wants, then the rest of the family is going to support him. You know about us. After he showed you what he could do back there at the airport, you never said a word about it. You’re already family, whether or not you and Holt ever marry.”
I felt my heart skip a beat. Marry. Holt. “I’m not sure I’m ready for that,” I muttered, blushing fiercely.
Susan gave her bell laugh. “Of course not. Not yet. You’re both young, but when you know it’s forever you just know.”
I didn’t want to think about forever. I could barely think about this coming school year, let alone next summer or the rest of my life.
“Anyway,” I said, wanting desperately to change the subject. “What about the stuff under your skin?”
“What, this?” asked Susan, holding out her arm. One second all you saw was pale smooth skin; the next instant thin rivers of light were flowing under it. The designs didn’t detract from her beauty, they enhanced it. She looked more otherworldly, more Fairy, I guess, when she did that.
“Wow,” I breathed. 
“Don’t be afraid to touch them,” she said, holding out her arm. “It’s still just my skin. These are the designs that mark me as a Fairy.”
“How do you get them?” I asked.
“Through experiences,” she said, lowering her arm. “The more powerful and important Fairies have more designs if they choose to show them. Fairies who are just starting out don’t really have a choice. Some gave gotten into trouble, because people have seen their designs and thought they were a new sort of tattoo.”
I grinned. “Seriously, people thought this stuff was tattoos?”
“Yeah,” said Susan, smiling. “Disappearing ink or something like that.”
“They’re beautiful,” I said, and meant it. I wondered how they looked on Holt. Everywhere…. Then the thought of Samuel snapped the idea out of my head.
“Thank you,” said Susan. “They are what make us, us. It is a great honor to have designs.”
I nodded. For the first time since I had found out about Fairies I realized what it might be like to be one. Susan had started to fill me in on Fairy powers and she had even showed me how Fairies honored accomplishments.
For the first time I realized I might some day be one of them. The thought made me smile.
Chapter Fourteen

When I woke up the next morning I checked my phone and was relieved to see a text from Holt. I read it quickly; he was asking if he could see me today. I texted him back that I had to work for part of the day but would let him know when I was done.
I hadn’t slept well. Images of Fairies and Holt and Samuel had been running through my mind all night. I knew I should be grateful that I now knew what was going on, but I almost felt worse. Finding a guy to like was hard enough, but throw in choosing between two and having both of them be princes? And Fairy princes? Yeah, I hadn’t slept well.
What had made it all the more difficult was that I cared about Holt so much, and now that Samuel had helped me out of the woods I couldn’t hold a grudge against him anymore. I didn’t want to hurt either of them. On top of all of it I knew that my parents’ fighting had been stressing me out, because I just wanted them to be happy, but imagining them happy and not together upset me. It was hard to think about having a boyfriend when my mom and dad were a mess.
Once I had showered, dressed, and put on a little makeup I felt better, less like a zombie and more like a human. I’d be going about the day on only a little sleep, but I could deal with that. Coffee would be my dear friend.
As I passed Carley’s room I saw that the door was still closed. She wasn’t scheduled to work that morning, so there was no way she’d be up before ten. Unless Nick called it’d probably be closer to noon.
In the kitchen I quickly ate a bowl of cereal and left the house. The air was chilly, with dark clouds lumbering overhead, filling the sky. As I walked to work I made sure to avoid the Roths’ house. I wanted to see Holt, but I wanted to see him when I was ready. I didn’t think I could take any more surprises that day. 
Since I hadn’t bothered to check the forecast before I left the house, I didn’t know if it was supposed to rain, but it definitely looked as if another storm was rolling in. Getting soaked wasn’t going to help my mood.
I hope it holds off until I get back home, I thought. 
Sometimes not having a car was a pain. My mom had promised to teach me to drive this summer, but that was before my parents’ marriage hit trouble. Now she’d pushed it back to Christmas vacation. At the rate she was going I’d be a college graduate and still not know how to drive. 
When I had said so to her, she said she didn’t see anything wrong with that. I told her that if I ended up at college still not knowing how to drive, I’d get a college friend to teach me and I knew she didn’t want that. She had just scoffed and said she’d get to it. Now I wished she’d gotten to it before this summer.
By the time I got to work my state of mind was hovering somewhere around the gutter. Even Mrs. Fritters, normally a self-involved twit, noticed that I was in a bad mood.
When she asked me about it I just shrugged it off. “Careful, dear,” she said, “you don’t want your face to stick in that position.”
I imagined sticking my tongue out at her and that made me feel a little better.
An hour before I was supposed to get out of work I heard the first boom of thunder, followed quickly by a crackle of lightening.
A few people came in to get shelter from the storm. One of them happened to be a woman with dark hair, wearing a long red coat. I didn’t pay much attention to her at first because there were a lot of customers to ring up. When it was the dark-haired woman’s turn I looked up and really focused on her for the first time. Instantly I felt a jolt. She looked so much like Samuel, except that she didn’t radiate a cool breeze. She radiated and icy cold. 
 I could feel my eyes going wide, and I was finding it hard to breathe.
“Autumn,” she said. Her voice was dry, icy, like wind swept off snowy mountain peaks.
“Yes?” I said, trying to hide my fear. 
“You and I should talk,” she said, folding her hands in front of her.
“About what?” I asked. “Is there something you wanted to order?” I pointed toward the menu behind me.
Judging by her reaction it was the wrong thing to say. 
Her eyes turned to slits of white anger. “No. And I would suggest that you speak to me with a little more respect.” The last couple of words came out as a hiss.
I knew who this woman was; from the bitter cold to the dark hair she reminded me of Samuel. An older, female, and very nasty version of him, anyway.
“You’re Samuel’s mother?” I asked, trying to be more polite, as she had suggested, and to reference our connection. The whole café and all the other customers in it faded away as I focused on her. I felt like I was entering into a massive battle, but no one else in the café had any idea that anything out of the ordinary was happening.
“No.” She leaned in to me and it felt like winds were whipping around her and pulling at my skin while my hair started to pull free of its ponytail.
“I am the Winter Queen, and you will address me with respect,” she said.
Forget idiotic pleasantries. “What do you want?” I asked quietly. My hands were still on the register, so I dropped them to my sides. I didn’t want her to see them shaking.
She leaned in closer so that our noses were only inches apart. “You should have listened to Leslie and Lydia when they told you to stay away from Holt Roth, but you didn’t. You were stubborn. That was a mistake, so now I’m telling you. If you fail to head my warning, you will not like the consequences.” She whispered the last part in my ear.
I expected her to pull away and leave after that, but she only drew back far enough to give herself room to glare into my eyes. What I saw there sent shivers coursing through me. 
I’d never seen so much rage and hate before. I had a hard time believing that this was Samuel’s mother. Just when I thought I would crack from the pressure of her gaze, she turned on her heel and left.
She left . . . the door swinging open and the driving rain coming in. It took me several minutes to start breathing normally again. 
I stood stock still, staring after the swinging door until Mrs. Fritters came out and said, “Autumn, dear, what are you still doing here? Your shift ended fifteen minutes ago.”
Oh.
I slowly took off my apron, hung it on its peg, and headed for the door, dreading going outside. For all I knew Mrs. Cheshire was waiting for me and would turn the rain to small bullets of ice falling from the sky that would pound me to the ground. I didn’t even know if Winter Fairies could do that, but that was the trouble with having an overactive imagination coupled with not enough information. Disaster lurked around every corner. 
I stood right outside the door under the small canopy, but it offered little protection. My feet were already getting wet. I sighed. I was going to get drenched. I had just accepted the fact that I would have to make a run for it when a familiar silver car pulled up in front of me.
For a breath I didn’t move, but even as I hesitated for a fraction of a second I knew that my body would move regardless of what my mind decided. It understood what my mind couldn’t accept, that I wanted to see him. 
I ran to the car, feeling the water hit me as if someone was following me and dumping buckets of it right over my head. The passenger door popped open and I jumped in, closing it behind me. In the driver’s seat was Holt, dressed casually in a light blue rain jacket and jeans. He looked wonderful with his hair a little damp and a huge smile on his face for me.
“Good thing you did that,” I said breathlessly, pulling the door shut behind me.
“Did what?”
“Opened the door from the driver’s seat. Smart Guy Thinking. It’s important,” I said. “That’s what Carley would say.”
“Well, we should definitely listen to Carley,” said Holt drily. “Thought you might want a lift,” he explained. “It’s misting out.”
“Actually, it’s a downpour,” I corrected. I couldn’t help myself anymore. I smiled back.
“Want to go to my place for a bit? At least until the rain lets up?” he asked.
“Sure,” I said. It’d be nice to see his house again.
“Everyone’s home,” Holt added as he guided the car through the street. “My mom would love to meet you.” At the mention of his mother I must have looked petrified (well, if she was anything like Samuel’s mom I should, right?), and Holt frowned.
I thought about telling him what had just happened but decided against it. I didn’t want him to worry and I didn’t want him to stop talking to me again.
Desperate to change the subject so that Holt wouldn’t keep asking what was wrong, I asked, “Does she know that I know?” I didn’t even have to say that I was talking about Fairies, and his mother. Holt could laugh and joke, but this was serious. If his mother didn’t want him telling people who he was, he might be in big trouble for telling me.
To my surprise Holt answered me quickly. “She does. She can’t order me not to tell you what we are, not when you are . . .” He stopped. I could see he was distressed. “So important,” he finished. But he didn’t say to what. Was I so important to him? I clearly wasn’t important to Samuel, but Samuel’s mother seemed to disagree with her son.
“I talked to Samuel,” I said. He was pulling into his driveway now. It hadn’t taken long to get to his house since he was only a couple of blocks away from UP UP and Away. This time he pulled into the attached garage instead of parking in the rain, not that it mattered to me, since I was already sopping wet.
“What did Samuel have to say?” asked Holt. He tried and failed to sound relaxed.
As I followed him around three other gorgeous cars and into the house, I told him everything that Samuel had said. Basically, Samuel didn’t want me and he was angry that Holt did, because the other Cheshires were angry.
The garage led into the kitchen, where Holt offered me a chair while he prepared tea. He was quiet for a long time. He hadn’t asked me if I wanted any, but I could tell he was upset and needed something to do. 
“Is there anything I can do?” I offered, pointing so that he knew I meant help with the tea.
He turned around and said slowly, “You can. You have to be sure.” He wasn’t talking about the tea. “Before you accept the Rose you have to be sure it’s what you want.” 
I rocked back on my heels. The intensity of his words made my body turn to mush and I had to sit down. “I can’t hurt you,” he said. “I can’t do that again, that’s why I tried to stay away from you. I didn’t want Lily to get hurt either, but look what happened. Samuel told you it’s his turn, and really, it is. It’s very important to his family that he find a bride who can become queen.”
But he doesn’t want me, I wanted to scream in frustration. Samuel was gorgeous and cold and now that I knew he was a Fairy prince and supposedly my destiny, I knew why it had bothered me so much that he hated me. But I had never experienced a physical reaction to anyone the way I had with Holt. And wouldn’t my body know what was right? Damn these polite Fairies and their turn-taking.
“My point,” said Holt, “is that if we were free to do as we wished, this wouldn’t be an issue. But we aren’t. There’s my family to consider and the Cheshires as well, so I don’t want you to rush. I couldn’t bear it if something were to happen to you. I’ve known that you were meant for the Rose since the second I laid eyes on you at the airport, when you knew right away that something was going on and you handled it so well.”
“So, give me the Rose,” I said. I knew it sounded demanding, but Holt had to know this was driving me crazy. “I don’t want to wait. I don’t want to have to decide. I just want to be here. I just want to be with you. If we do it that way then your parents and Samuel’s parents won’t be able to do anything, because it will already have happened.” I knew what I was saying was foolish. I knew I was only saying it because I was confused and scared of the Winter Queen, but I couldn’t help myself. I didn’t like making decisions and I thought this would take away any questions, then all I would have to do was live with the consequences.
“No.” Holt let out a strangled cry and backed away from me, bumping into the stove. He said, “You have to be sure, and I know you’re supposed to be with Samuel. So how could you possibly be sure? He needs a queen just as much as I do. He would probably come around to you being the one. Plus, if I take a bride first there will be issues between the Courts, and there has to be something to the fact that you’re supposed to be with him.”
I looked at Holt. I had known him for less than two weeks, but it felt like a lifetime. I literally couldn’t imagine my life without him. When I was with him my parents back home seemed like a far off and distant memory. This felt right. The idea of Fairies felt right. It felt like there was nothing else. “He doesn’t want me,” I pointed out.
“No,” said Holt. “He doesn’t want you if you don’t want him, which is completely different. And that’s not clear to anyone yet.”
“Fine,” I said, though I didn’t feel like it was fine at all. I was too worn out to keep arguing, but I didn’t think Samuel would ever want me. Ever was a long time, and the thought of it filled me with a dry ache.
Holt took a shaky breath and fiddled with the tea for a while. 
I wasn’t sure whether to be glad or not that we’d gotten that conversation out of the way. I had known it was coming, but I’d had only a little sleep and I’d just been threatened by the Winter Queen. I couldn’t help but feel overwhelmed and upset. Why couldn’t everyone just leave me alone?
Finally Holt looked up and said, “Okay. Come meet my family. My mom is dying to meet you.” 
He started to tell me about all the places she had traveled to. Talking about his family seemed to calm him down, and I relaxed more when he relaxed, knowing that we were leaving the uncomfortable conversation behind for now. 
He led me into a different room than the library I’d been in the day before. This one was all light wood paneling and floral carpets. Flowers were placed everywhere around the room and the white furniture gave it an even brighter feel. This house was the residence of the Fairy Summer Court, after all.
Sitting in one of the chairs was a woman who could only be Holt’s mother. I don’t know whose mother I had thought she was going to look like, but she definitely didn’t look like mine or any of my friends’. Her skin was perfectly smooth, her hair, almost the exact same blond color as her son’s, was pulled back neatly in a bun, and the skin around her green eyes had no lines. She was tall and slender, and as we entered she rose more gracefully than I ever could have. I was relieved to realize that she looked nothing like Samuel’s mother. Somehow I was worried that all Fairy queens would look alike.
“Holt, dear,” she said. Her voice was lighter than Holt’s and she spoke clearly and warmly.
For the first time this summer I felt very shy. I had already caused a lot of trouble, and if I had had to guess I would have said that she knew about all of it.
“This must be Autumn,” she said, extending a hand.
I took the offered hand while Holt made introductions. “This is my mother, Sarah Roth,” he said formally. “Mom, this is Autumn.”
“Nice to meet you,” I murmured. Normally I wasn’t timid, but this was Holt’s mom and I knew I was blushing.
“Call me Sarah. Would you like anything?” she offered, smiling. 
No way I could call her by her first name!
“I’m fine, thank you,” I said. I felt awkward and didn’t know where to look. 
She invited me to sit, and Holt and I sat on a couch opposite the chair she gracefully slid into.
 “How are you holding up, dear?” she asked. She reached one long perfectly manicured hand toward me.
“I’m fine,” I mumbled. I wasn’t sure how to handle all of this attention. “It’s kind of a lot to take in.”
“Yes, well I’m sure it is, which is why my darling son here should give us a few minutes to talk privately.” She gave Holt a look that would have sent me scurrying to the other side of Castleton, but Holt only nodded. Apparently he was used to his mother’s withering looks.
“If it’s okay with Autumn” – he looked at me and I nodded – “I’ll be back in a few minutes then. Maybe I’ll actually finish the tea this time.” He pushed himself off the sofa.
After the door closed behind him I wondered if his mother was really that formidable or if he was just worried about me. 
“Now that he’s gone,” she said, settling more comfortably into her seat, “really, how are you holding up?”
“I’m fine. Really, I’m not in a bad position. I’m actually worried about Holt,” I said.
“Oh, he’ll be fine,” she said. I didn’t know if she said it because she believed it or because she was trying to make me feel better.
I decided to get straight to the point and ask the question that no one had been able to answer for me yet.
Taking a deep breath I said, “How is it possible that both Holt and Samuel could give me a Rose? Shouldn’t it just be one of them? And really, shouldn’t it just be Samuel?”
Mrs. Roth sighed. “I don’t know, honestly. No one seems to. I asked my sister about it. She’s really the expert on such things. Of course she doesn’t live close by, but she said she wasn’t sure either. There is one other person to ask, but it is not my place.”
“Who is that?” I was holding my breath and tried to let it out slowly.
“Mrs. Cheshire,” said Mrs. Roth grimly. “I believe she may have had a similar experience.”
My first reaction was to wonder why one person would want to marry Mrs. Cheshire, let alone two.
She must have seen something cross my face, because she said, “Uh oh. You’ve already met Mrs. Cheshire, then? I was afraid of that. Well, we will just have to wait and see what happens.”
“I’m just confused,” I muttered.
“It will be alright dear,” she said, rising. She looked worried, but she was trying to hide it, and I wondered what she had to worry about. “Now, let’s go find that son of mine. I know Susan is anxious to talk to you too, but please, if there’s anything else you need, don’t hesitate to ask.” She smiled reassuringly at me, but I could tell she was bothered. Just because she had met me didn’t mean anything was settled. It was just the opposite, in fact.
I followed her into the kitchen. Holt was sitting at the table across from Susan and they were both drinking tea out of mugs. 
As soon as Susan saw me she leaped out of her chair, rushed over to m, and crushed me against herself in a massive hug. I could see Holt over her shoulder laughing.
“If there’s anything you need you just let me know, okay?” she asked, staring into my eyes. I nodded, noticing the silver designs of foliage under her skin. They weren’t everywhere, just in certain places, and every time I focused on them they shifted and disappeared. I thought back to the afternoon at the lake and realized that Susan felt comfortable enough around me now to let her designs show.
She saw me looking at her skin and grinned. “Normally I’d try to hide them, but at the moment I’m too excited to hide them! During Court sessions they come out more. It’s wonderful!” She’d said everything very fast and maintained a tight hold on my hands. Mrs. Roth, who was still standing behind me, excused herself, giving me a pat on the back and Holt a meaningful look as she left.
 “Holt said that Samuel talked to you,” said Susan, suddenly becoming serious, even worried-looking. “Why?”
When I paused, not quite knowing how to answer, Holt said quietly, “Because he’s part of this too. It should be him.”
“If it’s not, it’s not,” said Susan, shrugging. “He should just leave well enough alone. Plus, Mrs. Cheshire . . .”
“Anyway,” said Holt, glaring at Susan, “we should talk about the Solstice Party.”
I was relieved at the change of topic. I was already embarrassed enough. 
Instead of worrying more about Mrs. Cheshire, I listened to Holt and Susan chat about the Party. Susan couldn’t wait for it. She would literally jump up and down with excitement when they went over some of the details. Apparently there was going to be a fireworks display to rival New York City’s, not to mention Fairy-cooked food that would eventually put all of the guests in a blissful stupor. 
Eventually, though, I started to yawn. I hadn’t realized how late it had gotten, and I was beat. As soon as Holt saw that I was tired he sprang into action and offered me a ride home. Saying goodnight to Susan, who was still going like she had popped five-hour energies every three, I went to the garage and got in the car. 
The drive back to Carley’s house was too short, as usual. When the house came into view I could see that it was dark. At some point in the evening Carley had texted me, but I’d been so caught up in Fairy talk and Solstice plans that I hadn’t answered. I’d talk to her in the morning, I told myself. 
I smiled a goodnight to Holt and headed inside. Once I had showered, changed, and gotten into bed I thought to wonder how odd it was that Holt had gone back to not touching me. His touch was very tempting, but I worried that he was avoiding it again because he didn’t want to provoke the Cheshires. I fell asleep thinking of fireworks.

Chapter Fifteen

Despite the stress of the last few days, after I woke up and showered the next morning I felt happy and refreshed. I knew I’d see Holt that day, and I couldn’t wait to be near him. The thought of Mrs. Cheshire made me a little uneasy, but I pushed it away. 
Once I had showered I pulled on a blue t-shirt and white jean shorts, applied a bit of makeup, and headed downstairs. As usual my brown hair was hopeless. I knew I wouldn’t see Holt until later, so I definitely wanted to hang out with Carley. With everything going on, I’d barely seen her the past couple of days. I wanted to see Nick as well, and I wondered if there were any developments between the two of them that I needed to hear about.
Carley’s door was closed as I passed and the kitchen was empty, so after I made a bowl of cereal I sat down in front of the TV and flipped through channels until I found one that was playing a movie. At first I wasn’t sure what it was, but once I saw Molly Ringwald and Emilio Estevez I knew it was The Breakfast Club. Nothing like eighties romance movies in the morning, I thought. I sat back with my cereal and waited for Carley to wake up.
I had a long time to wait. After The Breakfast Club ended and there was still no sign of her, I went outside to read. It was too nice a day to be inside watching TV, and if I waited until afternoon to go out it would be really hot and muggy. In a little while I heard a car coming down the road before I saw it, and when I looked up from my book I saw Nick turning into the driveway. I watched him park in his usual spot and hop out.
“Morning,” I said, grinning at him as I closed my book.
“Hey, Autumn. How are you?” asked Nick cheerfully as he came up to the porch.
I heard a stomping from inside the house and knew Carley must be up at last. “Good,” I said, answering Nick’s question.
Nick came up the steps and sat next to me, eyeing the front door. A breath later Carley banged her way onto the porch. She was wearing a sundress with pink and yellow stripes, and a scowl.
“Morning,” she said, looking at Nick but carefully avoiding me.
“Morning,” we both said in unison, then smiled at each other.
Carley rolled her eyes.
“Nick was going to take me shopping for the Solstice Party,” said Carley, finally looking at me.
“What? Why didn’t you tell me? I need to go,” I added, irritated. “I don’t have a dress either.” It was just like Carley to blow me off.
“I would have told you if you’d been around or answered your phone,” she answered icily. 
“Oh,” I said, but I thought Carley was being a bit overly dramatic. I’d missed one text from her, not like a thousand, and most of the time I has been with Holt she had been with Nick, so it seemed to balance out. But if she wanted to be mad, then fine.
“You can just come with us,” Nick offered. Carley attempted what would have been a withering glare, but Nick didn’t notice it. The fact that he missed the face she made just made her more irritated.
“Look, Carley, I’m sorry, I’ve been busy the past couple of days,” I pointed out.
“We’ve been busy too,” said Nick. He took my book from my hands and examined the cover. “It’s not like there’s been tons of time. Plus, we’re spending today together.”
“Yeah, until one of her many guys calls,” Carley muttered. She sat in the blue rocking chair and crossed her arms over her chest. 
“What?” I said sitting up straight. That was too much. 
“Nothing. Never mind. Yeah, you’re sorry. Okay. Let’s go,” she said. Without another word she headed for Nick’s car while Nick looked at me apologetically.
“She’s just missed you, that’s all,” he said, handing the book back to me.
“I can tell,” I said, following him off the porch to his car. Carley was already buckled into the front seat, so I was forced to take the back.
“We going to the mall?” Nick asked cautiously.
Carley only nodded, then turned the radio up loud enough so that it would be hard to hear what anyone said. Nick raised his eyebrows at me in the rearview mirror but didn’t comment.
Carley was obviously in a bad mood, and she was going to take it out on me, but I didn’t think I’d done anything wrong. I had had a lot to deal with over the past couple of days. She had no idea and it wasn’t like I had been intentionally avoiding her. Plus, as Nick had said, now we were going to spend all day together.
By the time we got to the mall, all three of us seemed to be in a bad mood. While he was driving Nick had tried to talk to Carley a couple of times and she’d simply turned the music up louder. He’d finally given up and glared at the road ahead. And I was mad that Carley was mad and Carley was just mad.
I’d never been to this mall before, but I quickly realized there wasn’t much to it. As Carley had explained when I first arrived, the biggest mall in Maine was in Portland, and we were way too far away for that. This one had a couple of local dress shops and some places to eat. The town looked a lot like Castleton except that many of the buildings were bigger and more of them were made of brick.
Nick quickly made an excuse to go off without us, saying something about wanting to check out the video game store down the street.
I really didn’t want him to leave me alone with Carley (and it looked like she felt the same way), but he dashed off before either of us could stop him.
Without a word, Carley headed for one of the dress stores.
“I don’t get why you’re so mad,” I said, keeping up with her as she speed-walked. “It’s only been a couple of days and you’ve been hanging out with Nick. When he was lost that night I went looking for him.”
“With Holt. You went looking with Holt,” said Carley bitterly.
“You told me to,” I said, exasperated.
“So,” said Carley, “you shouldn’t lead him on!”
“Wait, what are you talking about?” I asked, incredulous. How was I leading anyone on?
“Don’t play stupid,” said Carley. “You don’t even like him.”
Ah, now I got it. Carley didn’t realize how much I cared about Holt and how much I didn’t want to hurt Samuel and his family, or how caught in the middle I was. She thought I was just bored and trying to fill up my summer.
“Wait, Carley, since when do you think I’m all calculating about guys? Who have you been talking to?” I asked, stopping to put my hands on my hips.
“No one,” she said, flouncing ahead.
I caught up with her again. “Carley, why do you think I’m leading Holt on?”
“I’ve just been hearing stuff about the two of you,” said Carley evasively, refusing to look at me.
“From the Cheshire girls, I bet. You should know better than to listen to them,” I said. I felt my stomach turn. Had they gotten to my friends too? Poisoned their minds against me? 
“They came up to me while Nick was picking out a video game yesterday. They said I should tell you to stay away from Holt for your own good.” Rolling her eyes she said, “Autumn, how could you be so stupid?”
I took hold of Carley’s arm. “Listen to me, Carley, you can’t believe anything they say. It’s poison.” 
“Yeah, right. What would they get out of it?” she asked. 
“You have no idea,” I said. “Just please don’t believe them. I like Holt. A lot, and I’m going to keep seeing him. They can’t tell me what to do.”
Carley thought about what I had said, and finally she shrugged. “Fine. Let’s go shopping.”
I was relieved. Carley had been pissed before and I was worried she’d do something drastic like kick me out of the house. Who knew what the Cheshire girls had been saying to her. 
The dress shop we went to was a funky second-hand place. It was covered with racks and racks of clothes, so much so that it was hard to find paths around the place to see anything. There was only a little light coming in, which made it difficult to see the woman knitting behind the counter. But I could see that she had gray hair and lots of makeup on, and her clothes looked like a perfect advertisement for what was in the store.
“Awesome,” Carley breathed.
Carley and I started looking through the dresses. The woman behind the counter ignored us and continued to knit. Eventually Carley found a dress she liked, a short, purple one with just a few sequins around the bodice. I found a couple that might have been okay, but neither ended up fitting me very well and I couldn’t sew to save my life, so I had no way to tailor them. I waited for Carley to come out of the dressing room to show me her dress.
“Cute,” I said, walking around her to see it from all sides. 
“I love it,” she replied. “Do you think Nick will like it?” 
“He’ll love it,” I said, smiling. 
She bought the dress and we headed for the next shop. Carley had her dress, but I still needed to find one. “So, what about you and Nick?” I asked, trying to sound as casual as possible. I was shocked to see Carley’s face turn bright red.
“What about it?” she asked, pretending to rummage through her bag. For a minute I let her pretend, since her face was getting redder by the second, but finally I just had to ask.
“Do you like him?” I pushed. “The two of you spend a lot of time together. He’s always over at the house.”
“I, I don’t know,” she stammered. “Sometimes I think he likes me and sometimes I think he just wants to be friends. I know he gets annoyed when I talk about other guys, but he talks about girls sometimes too. You should have heard him go on about Susan.” 
Susan was very pretty and very nice, but I knew Nick didn’t really like Susan. If every girl who was pretty or nice could date any guy who was nice, we’d all have a lot less trouble finding boyfriends. (Yes, I was sticking myself into the “nice” category. Sue me).
“You should tell him,” I encouraged her. “Tell him how you feel.”
“Yeah,” said Carley. “That’s not going to happen, but thanks for the suggestion!”
I rolled my eyes, but I had to leave it at that. I didn’t want to push her, because I knew that if I did she’d just get more stubborn. Plus, Nick could deal with Carley on his own without me butting in. He clearly wasn’t ready to tell her how he felt yet anyhow.
We tried two more stores, the only other dress shops around, but I had no luck finding a dress. I didn’t even find a dress I KINDA liked. Maybe I was making it too hard, but I wanted this perfect, gorgeous dress, and the ones I’d found had all been nice, or fine, but none had been amazing.
After we left the last shop Carley said, “Autumn, I don’t know what to do. You have to have a dress.”
“Isn’t there any place in Castleton I can look?” 
“There’s a dress shop I guess you could try,” said Carley, “but I’ve never been in it, so I don’t know if you’d find something there.” 
“Maybe I’ll just go there,” I said, putting sunglasses on against the bright midday light. “Or wear something I already have.”
After we finished shopping, we headed back to meet Nick. He was waiting for us by his car and looked sweaty under his baseball cap. I hadn’t realized how much time had gone by, but it was now way past lunchtime and really hot outside.
“Let’s get home and eat something,” said Carley, noticing how wilted Nick looked.
“Alright,” he said, unlocking the car for us. “I see you two patched things up.”
Carley and I grinned at each other.
“I don’t understand girls,” Nick muttered. We both just giggled.
After the three of us finished lunch at Carley’s house, Nick proposed going swimming. Carley was all for the idea, but I really wanted to find my dress. Nick was tired of being dragged dress shopping, so I said I’d be fine going to the store – The Last Buttercup – on my own.
I left the house soon after Nick and Carley and headed toward the Castleton downtown. When I walked past the Roths’ house I hoped I’d see Holt or Susan outside, but I didn’t see anyone. 
I hadn’t used the shortcut through their garden since that first day, but at least now I knew why it had had such an effect on me. Carley had grown immune over the years with the protection of the salty air, but it was the first time I’d been exposed to Fairy flowers. Even though Holt had said it probably wouldn’t do anything to me anymore, I didn’t want to take the risk.
The Last Buttercup was very close to UP UP and Away, so I had passed the front of the store before. The window was always filled with brightly colored clothing displays that seemed to change every time I went by.
As I walked into the shop I saw that it wasn’t as crowded as the stores we had been in that morning. Buttercup was also a lot bigger, with all the dresses in the back. The floors were a light wood, lighter even than the floors in UP UP and Away. The woman working in the store gave me a friendly smile but continued to talk to a customer who was already there.
I made my way around to the dresses and started sifting through them, but I wasn’t really in the mood for shopping. For me it had to be something I really wanted to do, and at this point I was hot and tired. I found two dresses I liked, one a light blue and the other a bright yellow, but once I was in the dressing room trying them on I knew neither was what I wanted.
Still, I kept looking. I was so caught up in finding the right dress that when I heard the front door open I didn’t even bother to turn around to see who had come in.
Anyhow, it was right then that I saw it. Tucked into the back of the store was a white dress that I had somehow missed the first time I passed it. I hurried over and pulled it out, examining it closely. It was short with a white belt that would cinch my waist. It was perfect; now I just hoped it would fit. I was sure I could find jewelry to go with it and I was just about to pay for it when I heard a simpering, cold, familiar voice behind me. 
“What is that for, can I ask?”
I spun around to see Lydia and Leslie. They had come up behind me and boxed me in while I was examining my dress. I saw quickly that I couldn’t get to the cash register without asking one of them to move.
“Aren’t you getting a little tired of this?” I wanted to know. “I can’t possibly be that interesting.”
Leslie, the long-haired one, gave me a cold smile. Leaning forward she said, “Samuel told us to leave you alone. And we will, but we just want to make it clear how very bad it will be for you if you go near Holt.”
I glared back at her. “Look, I’m tired of being told what to do and I’m definitely not going to be told what to do by you. So forget it.” It was the most forceful I’d ever been in my life, but these girls were bullies and I hated bullies.
Leslie moved back a bit. “Oh, look, it bites. You think you’re so cool now that you know our little secret? You have no idea what you’re messing with. But you will.” Her eyes were black pinpricks of anger glaring at me, and I could feel her cold slamming into me. She was trying to overwhelm me, trying to show that she would win, that I was just a human, while she was a Fairy of the Winter Court. I could see faint traces of the designs under her skin that normally Fairies tried hard to hide. Hers weren’t like the designs I’d seen on Susan, they weren’t of foliage, they were of large winter mountains and snow falling.
“Leslie, get hold of yourself,” Lydia hissed beside her as her eyes darted frantically around the room in case anyone saw Leslie turning into a Fairy. Leslie’s hair was turning white on the ends, like it was covered in frost.
She pulled away from me, taking deep breaths. Lydia was trying to hold her, but she shook out of her grasp. Her eyes were wild-looking, and it was the first time I understood just how scared I should be of her. I expected her to say something else about Fairy power but all she said was, “You’ll never pull that dress off, by the way,” pointing to the white dress I still held.
My body felt like it had been blasted by ice cold air from a fan, and I started to shiver. Leslie could tell I was freezing. She gave a dark smirk and sauntered away, with Lydia trailing close behind her.
It took me a long time to calm down and get my breathing under control. I kept pacing around the back of the store, ignoring the odd look the woman working there gave me, trying to warm my freezing body.
Once I was calm again I paid for my dress and left the shop. Stepping out into the summer warmth helped, but still, all I wanted to do was get home. Leslie had threatened me and I knew she had used more than words, but I wasn’t sure what I should do about it. Samuel had told her to leave me alone and she hadn’t. I wondered what she thought I would do if I did ever accept Samuel’s Rose, since then I would be queen and rule over her. It would almost be worth accepting his Rose just to see the reaction on her face. Ha. But apparently she didn’t care. 
I completely avoided the Roths’ house on the way home. I didn’t want to risk anyone, especially Holt, seeing me like this. I knew I was pale and probably shaking, and I knew that if I saw him right then I might start crying.
And I was determined not to cry. What I wanted to do was fight. I was tired of people, especially people like Leslie, trying to tell me what to do. It was none of her business, and one way or another that was going to have to become clear to her. There was trouble brewing, and it was starting with certain members of a family named Cheshire. I had a lot to do before the Solstice Party. 
I walked faster.
Chapter Sixteen

When I got home Nick and Carley weren’t there, so I went straight up to my room and showered. I wanted to get the feel of Leslie’s nearness off my skin. Once I felt like I’d scrubbed enough, I got out of the shower and put on cotton comfy pants and a baggy t-shirt. The strain of the afternoon had made me tired, and it was all I could do to climb into bed and nap. 
I managed about an hour of sleep before my stomach woke me up, protesting the fact that it was empty. I groggily pulled myself out of bed, feeling a bit disoriented. Before I went downstairs I changed into jean shorts and a hoodie and checked my phone, but there were no messages.
Looked like a quiet night at home. I figured I might not see Holt that night after all. 
Downstairs everything was dark. I flicked on a light and grabbed the cereal. It wasn’t much for dinner, but I didn’t feel like making anything else. Then I sat at the table staring at my phone. I hadn’t heard from Holt all day, the first time since I’d come to Castleton that I hadn’t heard from him by that time of day (well, when we were speaking, anyway). 
As I ate my cereal and stared at the phone, it finally lit up. In the split second before the caller ID told me who it was I wondered: was he calling? 
No, it was my mother. With a sigh, I picked up. 
“Hi, Mom,” I mumbled through a mouthful of Cheerios.
“Hi, honey,” she said. I could barely hear, the line was so filled with static.
“Mom, where are you?” I yelled into the phone.
“Why are you yelling? I can hear you just fine,” came her faint reply.
I rolled my eyes. 
“How are you doing?” she asked. “I miss you.”
“I miss you, too,” I said. “I’m doing fine. I’m having a good time with Carley. There’s a really big party at the Roths’ in a couple of days.” She always complained that I never told her stuff, so I was trying to give her information about my life, like she wanted. Well, she was about to prove to me yet again why confiding in her was a mistake.
“Yes, I’ve heard about it. That’s actually why I’m calling,” she said. Alarm bells going off!
“How have you heard about it?” I asked, surprised.
“Oh, you know, I do check up on you. I know you think I’m too busy to do it, but I do,” she scoffed.
I didn’t think she was too busy. I just thought it didn’t occur to her to see if I’d gotten into any trouble. She hadn’t seemed too worried about what I had been doing. 
“Anyway,” she pushed on, “a lady called me and talked to me about it and explained that it can be a pretty crazy party, so I wanted to talk to you and say that it’s probably not the best idea if you go,” she finished.
“What? Mom, are you kidding me? Who called you?” I didn’t like the idea that someone from here was calling my mom about me. Especially since Mom hadn’t told anyone to check up on me. Maybe it was Mrs. Fritters? She had made it very clear that she wasn’t fond of the Roths. 
“Who called isn’t important,” said my mom huffily. Now she was getting irritated because I was irritated. 
She had no right to be mad. 
“Yes, it is,” I shot back at her.
“No, it isn’t. You will not go to the party. There’s nothing else to discuss,” she said. “Oh, my friends are here. I was planning to talk to Carley’s mom about it, but I guess that will have to wait. I have to go. Have a great night, hon. I’ll talk to you soon. Tata.” And she hung up without even giving me a chance to say goodbye. 
She’d ended the conversation in an upbeat voice, as if nothing was wrong, and I was relieved that I didn’t have to make up some lie about Carley’s parents, but I was also sad. Apparently my mom still thought she could call me and order me around whenever she felt like it.
Furious, I jumped to my feet. First Leslie had told me not to go to the Solstice Party, now my mom had told me the same thing, and heaven only knows how she found out about it in the first place. Well, I was going. I didn’t care what any of them said. 
I was too full of nervous energy now to sit around watching TV. I needed to burn off this rush of adrenaline. Not knowing what else to do, I kept pacing around the kitchen.
Involuntarily I glanced at my phone again and again, but of course no one had called. And by “no one,” I mean Holt. I wanted to talk to him! But why did I have to wait for him to call? I could just as easily call him. Just because I’d never done it before didn’t mean I couldn’t. I could even just go over to his house. He’d shown up at Carley’s a few days ago. I could return the favor.
With my mind made up, I grabbed my phone and hurried to the front door. As soon as I’d made the decision to go I felt exhilarated, and I half ran, half skipped all the way there. It was just getting dark when I saw the house from a distance, and I was relieved to see lots of lights on. I rushed up the driveway, feeling happier with every step. It had been a long day, but the thought of seeing Holt lifted most of the fatigue off me and replaced the worry with nervous excitement.
I couldn’t see what the big deal was about my attending this party anyway. If everyone in town was going, and Holt’s mother had invited me, there shouldn’t be a problem. I knew the Cheshires didn’t approve, but they weren’t going to run my life. Maybe it was one of them who had called my mom. It didn’t seem like the kind of thing Mrs. Cheshire would stoop to doing, but despite Samuel’s best intentions of staying away from me no matter what, I had a bad feeling about his mother.
I walked up to the front door and rang the doorbell. I was a little breathless, so while I waited I tried to calm down. It wasn’t easy, but I had some time, because it felt like forever until the door was pulled open. At first I thought the guy standing in front of me was Holt, but it only took me a moment to realize that this guy was younger. He had the same blond hair and green eyes as Holt, but he couldn’t have been more than sixteen.
“Hey,” he said. He was dressed simply in workout shorts and t-shirt.
“Hey,” I said.
He waited. I waited. Finally he said, “Um, you came here, so . . .”
“Oh yeah, I’m looking for Holt,” I said. “I’m Autumn.”
Enlightenment dawned on his face like the rising sun. “Oh, of course! I hadn’t heard you were coming tonight. Fantastic. That’s awesome. I’m Logan, Holt’s younger, more charming brother. Come in and I’ll get him.”
He almost yanked me into the entryway. I was glad I’d been there before, because otherwise I would have been really intimidated. 
Logan didn’t stand on ceremony. He cupped his hands around his mouth and yelled, “Holt?” His voice was so loud it went ringing off the walls.
After a pause he did it again, “Holllllttt?”
I wanted to cover my ears, but then again I didn’t want to look like it bothered me.
“What’s all this racket?” asked Casey, coming down the stairs. She was wearing white jeans and a pink tank top and she was patting her hair down with a green towel. “I could hear you all the way in the shower.”
“What’s going on is that Logan has no manners,” said Holt, coming out of the kitchen. When he saw me his face lit up, and I knew mine did the same.
“Well, you had company,” said Logan, not remotely sorry. “I didn’t want to call you . . . any other way. Just in case.”
Holt nodded as if he understood, and I realized that Logan was talking about Fairy magic. Apparently there was a way he could have called his older brother using magic, but he hadn’t because I was there. I felt a little disturbed that they would want to act differently around me than they would around each other, not to mention that there was lots of Fairy magic I knew nothing about. But I pushed the thought away; I was just happy to be there.
“What’s up?” asked Holt.
“Just thought I’d stop by,” I said casually.
“Awesome,” said Logan. “I was just about to convince Holt to go swimming down by the lake. Want to go?” 
“Logan,” said Holt warningly, shooting his younger brother an aggravated look.
“What?” asked Logan, already sprinting for the stairs.
Actually, swimming might be nice, I thought. Get rid of some of this energy. “Yeah, great,” I said.
“See!” said Logan gleefully. “I’ll get dressed.” He raced away up the stairs, blowing past Casey as he went.
“Casey,” Logan yelled from somewhere up above, “tell those two to stop making googly eyes at each other.”
Casey rolled here eyes. Holt’s face got red.
“Well, I can’t very well let you two take that poor girl alone,” said Casey.
“You’re coming too? That’s great!” I said, glad that another girl was going.
 “HA! Not a chance I’m going. I’ll tell Susan she should change into her bathing suit and bring you something to wear.” She disappeared back upstairs. Casey was nice, but prissier than I’d ever be.
Now Holt and I were alone. Nervous, realizing that he might have been in the middle of something when I showed up, I scuffed my foot against the floor. 
“Are you okay?” Holt asked. He came close enough so that I could smell the scent of fresh mint on him, but not close enough to touch me. “I meant to text you, but then Logan showed up . . .” He trailed off without finishing the explanation.
“I’m fine,” I said, looking up at him. I thought he would instantly break eye contact, change the subject, talk about something else, but he didn’t. He just kept looking at me. 
I started to feel something I’d never felt before. Maybe it was because of the crazy day, maybe it was because I finally knew how he felt, but I was definitely about to lose my head and reach up and kiss him. Right there, in his entryway.
That was when Logan came bounding back down the stairs. Perfect timing. “Ready,” he said.
I looked down, embarrassed that Logan had almost caught me trying to kiss his older brother. It reminded me that I couldn’t kiss him, and worse, I knew he couldn’t kiss me, not until this whole Rose thing was straightened out with the Cheshires, anyway. I flushed right up to my hairline.
I could see from the look on his face that Holt was thinking the same thing I was. His whole body looked strained and his jaw was clenched tightly shut. 
Logan, oblivious, continued to talk about swimming and the lake until Susan came down. 
Tonight she was in a bright floral dress. I could see the tie of her bathing suit sticking out at the back of her neck and she carried a stack of towels in both hands.
“I knew the boys wouldn’t get them,” she said, handing me a towel and a swimsuit. “It’s nice to see you again.”
“You too,” I murmured. Off balance from the almost kiss, I was having a hard time concentrating on Susan.
She took one look at my face, looked at Holt, and instantly called to Logan to walk with her. She steered the younger guy outside, leaving Holt and me to walk together. It would have been really dark outside if the moon hadn’t been bright and full overhead. The air was cool, but more in a pleasant way than anything that would make me cold. It was a perfect night for swimming. 
I wanted to say something to Holt, but I had no idea what. I tried out a couple of things in my mind but they sounded completely stupid, so I kept my mouth shut. 
At one point Susan called back to us that we were heading for some friend’s private beach. The road was surrounded by fields, and in the distance I could already see the water.
Finally Holt said, “What did you do today?” 
Relieved to have something to talk about, I said, “Carley and I went shopping.”
From up ahead Susan called, “Best way to spend a day ever.”
“That’s ridiculous,” Logan added as he shifted the towel more comfortably over his shoulder.
“What were you shopping for?” asked Holt.
“Dresses,” I mumbled. 
“Planning on going somewhere fancy?” he asked. I knew he was teasing me.
I grinned at him. “Just your party.”
He smiled back. Susan turned around and walked backwards long enough to say, “YOU GOT A DRESS FOR THE SOLSTICE PARTY? Awesome! That’s the best thing ever. I’m so excited.” She clapped her hands together. Susan might have been the most enthusiastic person I’d ever met.
I smiled back at her, pleased at her reaction. At least there were some people who wanted me to go.
“Is it fabulous? I bet it is. If there’s anything you want to change on it just let me know and I’ll come over and help. I’m really good at that sort of thing,” she said, still beaming as she clasped her hands together. “This is the best news ever. I’m so happy you’re going!” 
“Me too,” I said. “I’m really glad I found something.”
“I didn’t want to go swimming so that I could listen to girls talk about dresses,” Logan complained. 
She gave him a playful shove. “Be quiet, you.” Logan rolled his eyes. 
Once Susan had turned back around Holt said warmly, “I’m really glad you found a dress.” Gently, as if he was afraid I would suddenly disappear, he slid his hand into mine.
That now-familiar sensation of rushing coursed through me, going up my arm and traveling down my shoulder to the rest of me. I felt like my hand and his hand fit perfectly together. We walked the rest of the way like that, and if Susan or Logan noticed, neither said anything.
Once we got to the water, I went and changed behind a tree while Logan and Susan stripped down to their suits. The suit Susan had brought me was white and fit perfectly. I wondered whose it was but didn’t want to ask. I kept my towel wrapped around my mid-section until I got to the water’s edge. 
Holt had already been wearing his trunks, so all he had to do was take his shirt off. His upper body was full of lean muscles. I tried not to stare. 
Logan was the first to fling himself in, followed closely by the rest of us. At first the water felt chilly, but my body quickly adjusted to the temperature and I swam around happily. Since we were on a private beach, no one else was around. No one else was even in sight. Logan suggested we play games of chicken – where the girls sit on the guys’ shoulders and try to knock each other off – but Susan refused. Instead, Holt called us all together and said, “Let’s show Autumn something.”
“Yes, she’ll love it. Plus, she should get a preview of what the Solstice Party will look like,” said Susan excitedly when she realized what Holt wanted to do. Since he whispered it in her ear I didn’t know what they were planning.
Logan, who wasn’t part of the demonstration, stood next to me in the shoulder-deep water while Holt and Susan swam to the shore. I watched with fascination, waiting to see what they would do.
All along the water’s edge nothing grew but weeds and grass, but a little further up the slope there was a field of flowers. When Holt reached the edge of the water he stuck his hand out, and Susan did the same. They’d been heading for the foliage on the water’s edge.
In the glow of the moonlight the whole field beyond the lake came alight with flowers, as if each one had electricity that had been turned on. I gasped. Even through the trees, snaking lights of green and brown glowed brightly. All the colors were reflected in the water, creating a wonderful pool of color. I looked around in awe. It was like I was in a different world. A different magical world, bright with life. This was the good side of magic, I realized. 
“Wow,” I breathed. Logan had apparently seen all this before, because instead of watching he dunked his head under the water and swam around. I knew there was a huge smile across my face. How could anyone find this spectacle boring? 
I realized I was trembling, but it wasn’t from cold. It was from suddenly being transported into a new and beautiful world. I wrapped my arms around myself and continued to watch. Eventually, first Holt and then Susan released the bank. I’d been so caught up in the flowers and lights that I hadn’t even looked at Susan or Holt while they were doing it. 
Holt came back over to me, grinning from ear to ear. “What did you think?” he asked when he reached me. 
All I could do was smile. “It was incredible. Just amazing.”
Susan said, “Just wait until the party. You should see what Mrs. Roth can do.”
After that we spent more time playing in the water. Once it got late and everyone was getting cold, we decided we had had enough for one night. Since it was past one in the morning and I knew Carley would be expecting me home, I said I’d just head home from there instead of going back to Holt’s.
But I was relieved and pleased when Holt offered to walk me, because I wasn’t ready to say goodnight to him. After I said my goodbyes to Susan and Logan, we headed toward Carley’s house.
“That was really beautiful,” I said, wanting him to know how much I appreciated what he had shown me.
“Thank you. It’s a trick my mother teaches all of us when we’re young,” he said. “But it takes awhile to get it right.”
I nodded, feeling my damp hair plastered against my neck.
“About what almost happened earlier,” said Holt. He didn’t have to say that he meant the kiss. I knew he did, and I was relieved that it was too dark for him to see me blush.
“Why can’t we?” I asked. I was trying not to whine or be demanding, but it was hard.
“Because of the Winter Court,” he said. “The Winter Queen, Mrs. Cheshire, is not to be trifled with.”
“But I don’t want to be with Samuel,” I said, “Not like that.”
“I know,” he said, “but it’s not that simple. You’re supposed to be with him. Destiny says so. Whatever is going on with you and me . . . it hasn’t happened before.”
“I’d like to have a word with this ‘Destiny,’” I muttered. 
Holt laughed.
But that wasn’t my only problem. A lack of information was another. “What is going on, then? Who would know?” I asked angrily. I didn’t want to be told what to do, not by my mom and not by fate.
“My mom thinks that Mrs. Cheshire might be able to help, but it’s unlikely she will. The woman holds grudges like it’s no one’s business, and she has one against my family,” said Holt, running a hand through his wet hair.
I wanted him to say more. I wanted him to explain what some of the grudges were, but I knew he wouldn’t. Fairies were not an information-sharing type of folk, it seemed. Plus, Mrs. Cheshire had made it pretty clear what she thought of me, and it wasn’t anything good.
We’d reached the start of Carley’s driveway anyway, so I turned around to say goodnight. 
When my eyes locked with Holt’s, my breath caught. The heat in his eyes and the strength of his gaze surprised me. Slowly, carefully, he put his hands on my shoulders and drew near to me. With utter gentleness his lips came down and touched my forehead. I wrapped my arms around his waist, holding him there, feeling his wonderful strength. 
I could have stood like that all night, comfortable in the circle of his arms, but eventually he pulled away. I could see that he was breathing hard and I knew that I was as well. 
“That, I mean, I’m sorry. That shouldn’t have happened. I just wanted to . . .” He was still taking in great gulps of air. “Goodnight.” 
He turned on his heel and walked away while I stood there, staring after him. I reached my hand up to the place where his lips had touched my skin and closed my eyes. 
Of course, when I opened my eyes again my forehead had gone cold and I probably looked like a crazy person standing outside with my hand on my head. I sighed and headed up the driveway. I couldn’t see any lights on in the house, but Nick’s car was parked out front. I wondered if they were watching a movie or had gone for a late night walk. 
As I got closer to the house I was startled clear out of my reverie about Holt by the sight of a figure sitting on the porch. At first I thought it was Nick, but when the figure stood up it was clearly too tall to be Nick. After the scares with the Cheshire girls I felt apprehension grab me, but I kept going forward. Before I could tell who it was a familiar voice said, “Late night stroll?” I felt like a spear of ice had been thrown through my heart. It was Samuel.
“Something like that,” I said, still in my wet clothes and still clutching a wet towel. “Where are Nick and Carley?” 
“I think they’re inside sleeping. I didn’t knock because I knew you weren’t home,” he said, coming down a couple of the porch steps.
“You were waiting for me?” I asked. I felt terrible. “Why didn’t you text me?”
“I was fine waiting. I just wanted to make sure you got home okay. And, well . . .” he trailed off. 
Now that Holt’s kiss had worn off and I could see Samuel clearly, I felt that familiar tug I always felt when I saw him, even though his icy attitude always threw me off.
“What? Is something wrong?” I asked. Samuel had been sitting out part of the night waiting for me while I was with Holt. Something had to be wrong. 
“No, not yet,” he said. That sounded ominous, and with the night shadows playing over his features he looked more dark and formidable than I’d ever seen him before.
We were now facing each other at the bottom of the porch steps. As usual his hands rested in his pockets. It was with a shock that I realized that except for that night by the cliff, which didn’t seem to belong to the daytime world, the only time Samuel had ever touched me was when we’d been introduced. Now I wondered if his reasons were the same as Holt’s: he didn’t want to react and he didn’t want to create more of a problem.
I sighed. I was tired and I didn’t want to think about complicated Fairy stuff any more tonight. 
“I just wanted to make sure you got home alright,” said Samuel. “And I wanted to say that despite what my family may do in the coming days, it’s not what I want. I tried to keep you out of this.”
Even though I was tired, somewhere in my brain I realized that what he was saying sounded very much like a threat. But to whom? And what, exactly?
“What would your family do?” I asked carefully. “And why?”
“They aren’t happy that you and Holt are seeing each other. The Summer and Winter Courts are not exactly on good terms, and you are supposed to accept my Rose, not his.” 
“But I haven’t accepted anyone’s,” I said. This seriously had to be worse than having an arranged marriage, and that be been pretty bad.
“I know,” he said, nodding as if that was the only possible choice in the world I could have made. 
“I’ll see you soon,” he said quietly, and without another glance he walked off down the driveway. 
“Wait, what is your family going to do?” I called after him. If he was there to give me a warning he was doing a terrible job at it. 
At first he didn’t answer me. Then, when he reached the end of the driveway, he said, “What they think they have to.”
He didn’t even turn around.
Chapter Seventeen

I slept late the next morning. Curled up in bed under my sheet with the open windows still letting in the breeze, I had no intention of getting up anytime soon. I was comfortable and I was exhausted from yesterday and I wanted to stay where I was until at least noon, and maybe later.
While I was still lying there with my eyes closed I heard my door creak open, but I refused to look and see who it was. A moment later a hand grabbed my shoulder and shook me rudely.
I opened my eyes to see Carley standing over me. She was already dressed in the uniform of white t-shirt and black shorts that UP UP and Away required us to wear for work.
“Oh, no,” I said when I saw her. I had completely forgotten that we were working that morning. Work had started to feel like a far off idea, not like something I actually did or wanted to do. With everything that had been happening with the Roths and the Cheshires I hadn’t been working much, and whenever I did, my mind was filled with ideas of Fairies. Going to work would completely ruin my morning of lounging in bed. 
“Do we have to? I’m really comfortable.” I knew I sounded whiny but I didn’t care.
“Yes,” said Carley. “We can’t let Mrs. Fritters down.” Right, Mrs. Fritters. The one who hated Holt and had probably called my mom.
Carley must have seen my face darken, but she misinterpreted what it meant. “Come on. Work isn’t that bad. Get your ass out of bed and let’s go.”
“I know, I know,” I said. Throwing off my covers, I shivered at the sudden exposure of my skin to air.
Then I remembered there was something I wanted to tell Carley. “Oh, my mom called,” I said while I stumbled into the bathroom to brush out my bed hair. 
“What’d she say?” asked Carley, plopping down onto my now empty bed.
“Oh, you know, the usual, no big deal . . . she told me I wasn’t allowed to go to the Solstice Party,” I said.
“What?” Carley gasped and almost fell off the bed. “Are you kidding me? Why?”
“She said she got a phone call from someone who said it was a bad idea. She refused to tell me who it was, though,” I said bitterly.
“That’s insane,” said Carley. “Did she threaten you with a punishment or anything?” 
“Ha, no. She basically just acted like she assumed I’d listen, but I’m sure if she caught me going she’d be mad,” I said, relieved that Carley was on my side.
“What are you going to do?” Carley asked. “You have to go!”
“Oh, I’m going,” I said. “There’s nothing that can stop me.” And it was true. I was going to that party. “Are your parents still getting home the day before the party?”
Carley shook her head. “No, they’re planning to stay in London, so they’re missing the party. They’re pretty bummed about it.”
“That’s too bad,” I said, but I was secretly relieved. If her parents had come home and talked to my mom, who knows what they would have told me to do. I probably wouldn’t have liked whatever it was.
After Carley left my room to finish getting ready, I showered and got dressed. Downstairs, I grabbed some toast to eat while the two of us walked to UP UP and Away. 
“It’s supposed to be an awesome day,” said Carley when we got outside.
“Yeah, being inside is going to suck,” I said, enjoying the sea breeze I’d become so used to as it raced over my face.
“Yeah,” she said. She pulled her phone out of her pocket and checked the screen, then put it away again. 
I glanced at her. She was being very quiet. Normally she never stopped chattering.
“What’s wrong?” I asked. “Did you and Nick have another fight?” 
“No,” said Carley uneasily. She was looking anywhere but at me.
“So, what?” I asked. “You’re never this quiet.”
“It’s Mrs. Cheshire,” she said. “Nick and I ran into her yesterday on our way back from getting ice cream. She was with that awful Leslie girl.” 
My heart flip-flopped. First Lydia and Leslie come after Carley, and now Mrs. Cheshire. I didn’t want Mrs. Cheshire anywhere near my friends.
“Have you met her?” Carley asked, peering at me. “I know Nick is friends with Samuel and all, but that doesn’t mean his mother’s nice. Because she isn’t.”
My mind went back to Samuel waiting for me outside the house just the night before, and what he had said about his family doing something bad. I had thought it was just Leslie he was talking about and hadn’t really been worried about it, but what if it wasn’t just her? What if it was his mother, too? If Mrs. Cheshire wanted to cause trouble, there wasn’t anything Samuel, or anyone else, could do about it.
“So, what about her?” I asked, trying to keep my voice calm.
“I saw her yesterday and she glared at me. She’d never even looked at me before. In fact, I’ve only ever seen her at the Solstice Party every year, and she has always basically stayed with her own family and left as early as she could without being too rude. I didn’t even think she knew who I was.”
That couldn’t be good.
By the time Carley had finished telling me about Mrs. Cheshire’s glare, we’d reached the coffee shop. “Maybe she was just having a bad day,” I said. “Maybe it had nothing to do with you.” I couldn’t tell Carley the truth and I didn’t want her to worry, so I was just trying to calm her down.
“Maybe she was having a bad day, but I’m pretty sure that if she was having a bad day, she thought I’d caused it. Seriously, it’s a good thing looks can’t kill. And Nick agrees with me,” she said, as if Nick agreeing with her somehow made it true. 
Since I knew the real reason behind Mrs. Cheshire’s glare I just let Carley vent. She continued to talk as we grabbed aprons and set up behind the counter, but the conversation ended abruptly when Mrs. Fritters came out of the back room. 
“Hello, how are you both?” she asked. Today she wore blue pants and a white shirt. Her dress code for her employees didn’t extend to her.
“Good,” we chorused. 
“Ah, wonderful.” She busied herself behind the counter as I took my place at the register and Carley started to make drinks.
“And Autumn, are you still hanging around that good-for-nothing boy?” I heard Mrs. Fritters ask from behind me. I stopped dead. The customer trying to hand me money was forced to grab my hand and place the money in it. I snapped back to attention, giving the customer a bewildered look before I figured out what was going on.
“Sorry,” I said. “What?”
“That Roth boy,” said Mrs. Fritters. “I hope you aren’t still hanging around with him. That whole family is trouble.”
“Mrs. Fritters, how can you say that?” asked Carley. “They’re all so nice to you, and the party is tomorrow!”
“I don’t give a darn about their party and if I thought enough customers would come in I’d insist the two of you work tomorrow night so that you couldn’t go. It’s a bunch of foolishness, if you ask me,” said Mrs. Fritters as she furiously shined a glass.
“I didn’t,” Carley muttered in my ear. I tried not to smile.
Mrs. Fritters started to say something else, but I didn’t hear her. She’d never actually given a reason for disliking Holt. It just seemed to be on principle. 
The door opened and with it a slamming gust of cold air came racing in, very out of place on such a warm summer day. I felt my body shiver and tense, and I knew it wasn’t Samuel coming. When Samuel was coming closer he felt like a pleasant cool breeze. This felt like I was inside a wind tunnel with ice for walls.
Through the door came Mrs. Cheshire. Her piercing dark eyes reminded me of glaciers floating toward me, filled with cold and malice. 
I started to feel light-headed and realized that I wasn’t breathing. I made myself suck air into my deprived lungs, but it took all the concentration I had. 
Luckily, Mrs. Fritters had disappeared into the back. I didn’t want her there for this. As soon as she saw Mrs. Cheshire Carley darted away from the counter, muttering something about bussing tables and leaving me completely alone.
“Good morning,” I managed to say as she got to the counter. I was forced to yank my hands away from the register, because everything around it was becoming so cold my fingers were about to freeze. Despite the summer heat Mrs. Cheshire wore a long red coat that went all the way down to cover her feet. The collar was pulled up so that it covered even her neck. If I had been outside in that thing, I’d be boiling hot.
“Can I help you?” I asked.
A smile crossed her lips. It was dark and hard. “Yes, I believe you can.” Her voice sounded like wind skating over snow, bitter and whispery.
I waited, but Mrs. Cheshire didn’t seem to feel any need to hurry her answer on my account.
She leaned forward and it took all my willpower not to turn and run away. Staying so close to something that cold was almost unbearable, but I held my ground. 
“I want you to stay away from Holt. You are meant to be with my son. It is how it was written and nothing else matters. This is the last time I will tell you.” 
“Look, um, sorry, but um, I don’t want to be threatened,” I said. 
It was the wrong thing to say.
Mrs. Cheshire let out a gasp and reached her hand toward me. I recoiled with a gasp and darted around the counter. I yelled to Carley that I was taking my break and tried to make a run through the front door, but Mrs. Cheshire blocked my path. I knew Carley was probably staring after me, wide-eyed. As I put my hand on the door handle it turned as cold as ice and I was forced to let go of it with a gasp of surprise.
“You will listen to me,” she hissed. “You have no idea what you are doing. You will start a battle between the Winter and Summer Courts for no reason. Do you want that? Do you want to put the Roths through such pain? They cannot afford to go to battle over some common girl like you. Oh no, they can’t.” 
Until now I thought I had been terrified by the Winter Queen, but now she started to smile, and suddenly I knew what true terror was. Who smiled at the talk of battle? How could this possibly be Samuel’s mother? I knew Samuel was cold to me, but somehow I had the feeling that if he cared for you he could be very kind; this woman was nothing like that. I decided then and there that no matter now nice the Winter Prince is, the Winter Queen may be nothing like him. 
I had no idea what to say to this vile woman. And if I weren’t very careful she would probably freeze me to death in a matter of seconds.
Just when I thought I couldn’t take the cold anymore, another customer opened the front door from the outside and I was able to dart through into the sunlight. But I didn’t know where to go; I knew Mrs. Cheshire would come after me and I knew that she was too strong for me to fight on my own.
So I raced for the Roths’. 
I fumed all the way there. If this is what Samuel had meant by his family taking action, I was pretty sure he should have warned me, but I’d deal with that problem later. Right now it felt like my main task was saving my life.
Looking over my shoulder while I ran, I could see Mrs. Cheshire following me. Seriously, Samuel needed to do something about his mother. Even though she looked more ordinary and less like the iceberg that sank the Titanic, as she had looked in the café a minute ago, I wasn’t taking any chances. 
I ran up to the Roths’ front door and frantically rang the bell. Luckily, Holt answered and I dashed past him into the house.
“Close the door,” I yelled.
“What the hell is going on?” he cried when he saw the sheer panic I was in.
“She, I . . . she . . .” I doubled over, gasping for breath. I hadn’t run far, but panic does weird things to the body.
Mrs. Roth came into the hall. “What is going on?” she asked, staring at me. She forced me to stand up straight and put her hand on my forehead. 
But I didn’t have to answer, because there was a knock at the door.
Mrs. Roth and Holt must have known who it was, because Mrs. Roth looked stricken and Holt’s face paled. 
He looked at his mother for direction. Her eyes were glued to the door, but she nodded, giving him permission to open it.
Holt opened the door for the second time. If the knob was ice cold like the one at UP UP and Away, Holt’s face didn’t show it. Mrs. Cheshire probably wasn’t as powerful on the Roths’ property, or something like that.
But she was still terrifying as she strode into the Roths’ front hall.
 Somehow I wasn’t prepared to see her again, and I gasped out loud.
“Patricia, how can I help you?” asked Mrs. Roth. I was amazed that her voice was steady. I was also amazed that both women were starting to look subtly different. Mrs. Roth’s hair became more like vines, thicker and stronger-looking. Her skin had slight glittering lines just under the surface, which wouldn’t have been noticeable if I hadn’t been staring at her. Unlike Mrs. Roth, Mrs. Cheshire just looked harder, her skin more like marble than actual warm flesh.
Mrs. Cheshire pointed an imperious finger at me. “Her. She shouldn’t be here. You know that as well as I do and just as well as this good-for-nothing son you spawned.”
Obviously Mrs. Cheshire didn’t exist in a world where if you wanted your son to marry a certain girl you at least tried to be nice to her. 
“I am not going to tell Autumn or Holt what to do or who they may love. We’ve seen what happens to kings and queens when they are forced to marry against their will.” Mrs. Roth might as well have slapped the Winter Queen, but I could see that her hands were shaking.
Mrs. Cheshire got even paler, if that was possible. I could see her nostrils flaring as she fought for air, hatred clear in every line of her body. The air around her had started to shimmer with cold.
“You like to throw that around as if it means something, but the fact remains that that girl” – again she pointed at me – “is destined to marry my son. To accept HIS Rose. Just because she can accept Holt’s as well DOES NOT MEAN HE HAS ANY RIGHT TO OFFER IT.” Her eyes blazed out as her voice rose to a scream. 
Out of her robe she pulled something that was shaped like a staff but looked like a twisted vine of blue ice. With a movement so fast I could hardly follow it she pointed it at me.
“No,” cried Mrs. Roth. She stepped between me and the blue tendril of Fairy magic as it snaked toward me. Instead of hitting me, Mrs. Cheshire’s magic slammed into Mrs. Roth’s outstretched hand. From my position behind her I could see Holt’s mother shudder.
“No,” cried Holt.
“Holt,” said Mrs. Roth, stopping him. “I’m fine. Mrs. Cheshire knows better than to attack the Summer Queen at her own home.”
The realization hit me that Mrs. Roth was a queen as well, at the moment a queen during her best time, summer, and I felt relish wash through my body. 
Surely Mrs. Cheshire was not so crazy as to go against the wishes of the Summer Queen in her own house.
“It’s time for you to leave,” said Mrs. Roth to Mrs. Cheshire. “Now. Unless, of course, you want to declare war on the Summer Court.”
I could see from the look on Mrs. Cheshire’s face that that’s exactly what she wanted to do. 
Instead, she took a deep breath,  continuing to hold her vine-shaped staff at a half-ready position. I decided I would have to ask Susan about weapons next time I saw her; I didn’t remember her mentioning them during our picnic, but apparently Fairies had powerful ones.
Realizing she was outnumbered, Mrs. Cheshire changed tactics. To Holt she pleaded, “Don’t do this to yourself. You will only be unhappy, and you will make everyone you care about unhappy as well. You think you care about her now, but in a few years you will get over it. You will meet the real girl who was destined for you and then where will you be? And you will have destroyed your family in the process.” 
Holt stepped forward. “Get out.” His voice was low and dangerous and I could see that he was fighting to keep control of himself. “You have to go. Now.”
Mrs. Cheshire stayed fixed to her spot for another breath, then turned away. She was out the door and slamming it behind her before I had a chance to breathe. In the ringing silence that followed I looked from Holt to Mrs. Roth. I had no idea what to say.
“I’m so sorry,” I said finally. “I had no idea.”
“No,” said Mrs. Roth. “You didn’t. But it’s the sad truth that your being around only hurts my family and my son. It might be better if you took her home, Holt.”
Holt looked stricken. So did I, I was sure. I hadn’t meant for any of this to happen. I had known that Holt’s and my being together put us in danger, but I hadn’t realized that the Winter Queen would actually try to kill me, even though that wouldn’t do her any good if she wanted me to marry her son. I hadn’t actually realized until now that she regarded me as her property. My knees felt weak and I started to sag. Holt darted forward and caught me up. Just his proximity, the feel of his arms around mine, his faint smell, made my head spin. I had thought that the Roths approved. Above all else they had always been kind to me, but the Winter Queen coming to their door had apparently been too much.
Mrs. Roth gave me an opportunity to explain what had happened at UP UP and Away, but while I talked she wouldn’t even look at me.
“Holt,” said his mother quietly when I finished, “take her home.”
“But Mom, shouldn’t we . . .” Holt started to say.
“No,” said his mother. “What The Winter Queen did was unacceptable, but there’s nothing else we can do about it at the moment. Take her home!”
Holt put his arm around me and led me outside. I was relieved when there was no sign of the Winter Queen.
“It will be alright,” he whispered in my ear. “I promise, it will be alright.
Chapter Eighteen

Things were getting out of hand. I was clear about that much when I woke up the next morning. And I’d reached that level of clarity because I’d been up most of the night. The other bad news was that the sky was gray and cloudy. I wondered if it had ever rained on the night of the Solstice Party before. If it hadn’t, tonight would be a hell of a time for it to start. I had a bad feeling that bad weather would only heighten Mrs. Cheshire’s powers. Not that she would do anything at the party. She probably wouldn’t even come now. I hoped.
I rubbed my eyes groggily and tried to wake up. I had barely slept, mostly because an image of Mrs. Cheshire swooping into the entryway of the Roths’ house and attacking people with knives and hammers made out of ice had kept me awake. Of course, I knew that was silly. Samuel’s mom would never do that. Not with her son and all the rest of the family watching. Not to mention all the Roths. But still, I worried. 
Holt had looked surprised when his mother had told him to take me home the day before, but he had put his arm around me and done what she asked. On the way back to Carley’s he had explained that I wasn’t in any danger from Mrs. Cheshire, that no matter what, she wouldn’t want to hurt me. It didn’t help, though, that Holt said it all in a way that sounded a lot like he was trying to convince himself as well as me. Mrs. Cheshire was most definitely a danger. She was the Winter Queen, after all, and clearly used to getting her way. I didn’t think that anyone, me or Mrs. Roth or maybe even Samuel, could stop her if she was angry enough. In fact, Samuel had already suggested as much.
With those nice relaxing thoughts in my head it was no wonder I hadn’t slept. Gloomily, I pulled myself out of bed and went into the bathroom. 
A long shower later, I felt a bit better. The warm water had relaxed me, even if it hadn’t helped wake me up. I blow-dried my hair so that it wouldn’t make me colder on this chilly day, then put on jeans and my favorite blue hoodie and padded downstairs to check on Carley.
She was in the living room watching TV with her feet propped up on the sofa. Her toes were spread out with a tissue stuck between them as she painted her nails. Her head was wrapped in a green towel and she was still in her purple bathrobe. 
“Morning,” I said, plopping into a chair.
She sat bolt upright and looked at me in complete horror.
I raised my eyebrows at her. “Who died?” I wanted to know.
“What are you wearing?” she gasped. “Why aren’t you doing your hair? Here, sit here,” she said, clearing off a bunch of pillows from the couch. “I have the flat iron going if you want to use it.”
“Careful or you’ll spill the nail polish,” I muttered.
I knew I should probably take her advice. My hair tended to frizz like I’d stuck a finger in an electrical socket, and I didn’t want that to happen tonight. I wanted to look nice. 
I sighed and got to work on my hair.
“My parents called,” said Carley. “They said they talked to your mom and that you shouldn’t go to the party tonight.”
I stopped mid-comb. “So, why are you still having me straighten my hair?” 
“Psh, you don’t think I’m going to listen to them, do you? I mean, if we get caught we’ll both be grounded, but it will be SO worth it.” She grinned at me. 
“Are you sure you want to take that risk?” I asked. I didn’t want my friend to get in trouble for me.
“Oh, please. I do it all the time. What parents don’t know won’t hurt them,” she said, and gave me an evil grin.
I smiled back. Carley could drive me crazy sometimes, like when she forgot to pick me up from the airport, but she really was a good friend.
“I should call my mom anyway,” I said. “She’s being completely unreasonable.”
“She really didn’t even tell you why she didn’t want you to go?” Carley asked.
“Nope,” I said. “I have no idea what’s wrong with her.” At first I had thought she had talked to Mrs. Fritters about my going and that’s why she didn’t want me to, but after my run-in with Mrs. Cheshire yesterday I wasn’t so sure it had been Mrs. Fritters.
“What’d you think of Mrs. Cheshire?” Carley asked as she continued carefully painting her toes. “Scary, huh? I think she’s a horrible woman. Maybe that’s where Samuel gets it from.”
Even if Samuel was cold, I didn’t think he and his mother were anything alike, but I nodded. “She wasn’t . . . pleasant,” I said.
Carley snorted. “Not at all. Maybe she is if she likes you, like, maybe she’s nice to her own children, but if you get on her bad side, watch out.” Carley slammed one of her fists into the other for emphasis.
Talking about Mrs. Cheshire wasn’t helping my nerves, so I tried to change the subject. “Anyway,” I said, “where’s Nick?” 
Carley shrugged. “He said we wouldn’t see him until tonight. He said he had big plans, and they didn’t involve spending all day watching us play with our hair.”
“Haha.”
The doorbell rang.
“Who would that be?” asked Carley, frowning. “Could you get it? I’m stuck here.” She pointed to the nail polish drying on her toes.
I got up and went to the door. Pulling it open, I was surprised to see Susan.
“Hi! Thought I’d stop by,” she said with a smile.
“Hey,” I said. Had she heard about yesterday?’
“Carley’s in the living room,” I said, inviting her in.
“Who is it?” called Carley. 
We walked into the living room, where Carley had pushed herself up onto the sofa and pulled her robe tighter. “Hey, Susan,” she said.
“Hi! Oh, are you getting ready for the party? I’m so excited,” Susan gushed, sitting down in one of the chairs. Carley shut the TV off. 
“Yeah, so are we,” said Carley.
“Well, actually, I told Autumn I’d help her with her dress if she wanted,” said Susan, “and since you live so close I thought I’d just stop by.”
“I haven’t even seen your dress yet, have I?” asked Carley, remembering that she hadn’t gone with me to pick it out, which had turned out to be a good thing, because she had missed running into Crazy Cheshire Girl One and Crazy Cheshire Girl Two.
I shook my head. “It’s cute,” I said noncommittally. “Nothing to write home about, but I thought it looked nice.” Also, after I’d run into the Cheshire girls I’d been done shopping for the day.
“Hey, you need better than okay,” said Susan sternly. “You need perfection.”
“I just wouldn’t know where to start,” I said. “I like it. It’s just one night.” It did occur to me that Susan might have an ulterior motive for being there, but I couldn’t imagine what. Maybe she was just nice.
We spent the rest of the morning and most of the afternoon working on my dress. Well, Susan did most of the work. When she asked my opinion I gave it, and then she mostly did what she wanted to anyway.
The three of us chatted while she worked, but because Carley was there we didn’t have a chance to talk about anything related to Fairies or Mrs. Cheshire or princes.
When Susan finished at last, it was time to get ready for the party.
I had to admit, the dressed looked stunning. Carley had seen how good Susan was at sewing and had even asked her to make a few alterations to her own dress.
After Susan left Carley said, “She’s amazing. And so nice.”
I agreed. 
We had a snack to tide us over until dinner, then we both showered, and finally it was time to put our dresses on. I was a little nervous, because I’d been so upset the day before I had never actually tried the dress on, and though Susan had said it matched my measurements exactly, I still wasn’t sure how I’d look when I put it on.
Taking a deep breath, I slid the white dress over my head, zipped it up, and looked at myself in the mirror. I had thought it looked pretty hanging in the store, but Susan’s changes had made all the difference. 
I met Carley in the hall. Her dress was the palest purple and fell a few inches above her knee. It complemented her pale skin and blond hair perfectly. “You look wonderful,” I said.
“Wow, so you do. Look at the dress. I love all the sparkles she added,” Carley said. And it was true. Susan had added a lot of sparkles, but it wasn’t until Carley said it that I realized she’d done the sparkles in a specific design.
“She drew a rose on your dress,” Carley pointed out in awe.
I looked down. Yes, that’s exactly what Susan had done. I took a deep breath. This was going to be a very interesting night indeed.

Nick finally came over, and the three of us walked to the Roths’ together. Nick looked great in khakis, a blue button down, and a jacket. “It’s the only one I have,” he said sheepishly. I told him he looked wonderful.
He had brought each of us a small bunch of flowers. I put mine in a vase before we left, but Carley decided to take hers with us, which Nick seemed pretty happy about.
Even before the Roths’ house came into view it was clear that there was a party close by. Cars lined the streets on both sides. Nick, Carley, and I passed families and other men and women all dressed up and all walking toward the same destination.
“I feel like I’m going to prom or something,” I said.
Carley grinned. “Trust me, this is going to be way better than prom.”
Nick nodded. “I just wish they’d have one every week.” 
“We’d get sick of it if they did,” said Carley.
“I wouldn’t,” said Nick. “The Roths have every video game imaginable. It just sucks that Logan Roth is so good at them. I wonder if he’ll be there this year. I haven’t seen him yet.”
“He will,” I said absently. “I saw him a couple of nights ago.”
“When did you… oh never mind,” said Nick, realizing that he knew exactly when. 

“Nothing wrong with Autumn having friends,” said Carley, linking her arm with mine. “They just happen to be cute guys.”
Yeah, and neither of them wants to be friends.
By that time we’d reached the front of the house. It looked so splendid it made me gasp. Just the night before it had looked like an ordinary house. Now it looked like some incredible castle you’d see in a Disney movie. There were colorful decorations everywhere. Flowers were strewn on the walkway and draped like garlands over the walls. Little lantern lights hung from everywhere, and somehow there was now a fountain in the middle of the driveway. 
“I have no idea how they pull this off in one night,” said Nick. “It’s like magic.”
Not exactly.
Holt had already given me a demonstration of what Fairies could do, but if he hadn’t this would have been enough. Summer Fairies really knew how to make something beautiful. I wondered fleetingly if any of it was an illusion. It was pretty hard to believe that a fountain had just suddenly sprung up in their courtyard, but there it was. As we passed I stuck my hand over the running water and felt its coolness wash over my fingertips. If it was an illusion, it was a perfect one.
Nick and Carley both knew a lot of people in the courtyard, and we stopped several times to chat for a bit. It was just after seven and I hadn’t seen any sign of the Roths. Instead of going up to the front door, which was open, Carley and Nick steered us around back. Now it was time to walk through the flowers again. 
It was the first time I’d been out there since that fateful day with Holt when he had told me everything I had wanted to know, but this time walking into the garden didn’t make my heart race, nor did I feel disoriented. I breathed a sigh of relief. 
The back of the house looked just as incredible as the front. The center space, paved in stones, was filled with tables covered with platters and bowls of food. My stomach instantly started growling and Nick said, “I’m starving. I could eat all of that.”
The three of us stood around one of the tables for a few minutes, filling our plates. There were small dessert dishes of strawberries dipped in black or white chocolate. There were bite-sized cupcakes of every variety and color I could imagine and some I couldn’t. There was every kind of seafood (of course, it was Maine) and every kind of cheese. Even the neatly cut and prepared vegetables looked delicious.
Carley looked around in wonder and said, “You know, every year I think I won’t be surprised next time, but every year I am.”
“Agreed,” said Nick.
I was about to say that I thought it was incredible when I heard soft music. A band had been setting up while the guests arrived, and now they started to play. The men and women in white jackets sat in a half circle on one side of the back courtyard, surrounded by flowers.
“Isn’t it great?” Holt asked from behind me. I turned so fast I almost dropped my plate of food.
There he stood, dressed in a black suit with an open light blue shirt underneath. He looked splendid.
“Yeah,” I said. “You look amazing.” 
I blushed. Couldn’t I keep my foot out of my mouth just once with him?
He beamed at me. “Thank you, so do you.” I noticed a slight flush on his cheeks and it made me smile.
“Would you like to dance?” he asked.
“What? No one is dancing,” I said, looking around.
“We’ll be the first. Come on. It’s custom for someone in my family to start us off.” 
He gently pried the plate of food out of my fingers and Carley took it off his hands, saying, “I’m making no promises that this food will be here waiting for you when you come back. Now you two go on.”
Feeling like I might faint, I let Holt lead me onto the dance floor. I’d never felt so wonderful. Between the dress, and the beautiful garden, and everyone dressed to perfection, and the music, and Holt, I wasn’t sure anything in the world could make me happier. I couldn’t imagine anything ruining it.
Chapter Nineteen

At first no one realized what we were doing, but once Holt took me in his arms, people started to turn away from their conversations and their enjoyment of the grounds to watch us dance. I thought I would be self-conscious having all those eyes on me, and I might have been if it hadn’t been for Holt’s tight hold on my hand and his arm around my waist, steadying me and guiding me through the steps.
As we danced, other couples joined in. At one point even Carley and Nick took a turn. Holt and I just kept dancing. Even after it was completely dark and the lights had come on, casting a warm glow over all of us, we kept dancing. I briefly wondered where his family was, where anyone else was, but it didn’t matter. All that mattered was that moment of pure happiness.
Finally, after another song ended, Holt and I stopped. There were lots of people dancing in the back courtyard now and everyone spun past in a whirl of bodies.
“Would you like a drink?” Holt asked me, still smiling.
I nodded. I knew my face was flushed.
Then, as I followed him to the table where drinks were being served, I saw Leslie. Her face was as white as snow; her lips formed one thin line. I had never in my life seen anyone look so angry. 
In that one moment the evening turned from brightness to dread. I looked around for Samuel, hoping to spot him and point out what his “cousin” looked like, but he was nowhere to be seen.
Holt and I found Carley and Nick sitting together on a bench, sharing some food. I sat down on a nearby bench while Nick went to get us waters.
Eyeing me, Carley said, “Well, I guess you’ve made your choice.”
I had just been reaching for one of the chocolate-covered strawberries on her plate, but this made me pause mid-move. “What?”
“You didn’t see Samuel earlier?” Carley asked, her voice accusatory.
“No, when?”
“While you and Holt were dancing. He came in and watched the two of you for a few minutes,” she said.
“When did he leave?”
“When his mother came in. If it’s possible, she looked even angrier than his Leslie over there,” she said. So Carley had noticed Leslie’s wild-eyed look. And Mrs. Cheshire had come. That wasn’t good.
“Don’t get me wrong,” said Carley. “I’m all for love and stuff, but I think they’re mad.”
I felt my heart sink. I knew she was right.
I didn’t have much time to think about it, though, because just as Carley finished speaking, the Roths’ French doors, which faced the garden, exploded. The noise and splitting of glass caused everyone at the party to cry out. I ducked down low, covering my head, hoping to avoid any of the flying debris. 
All around me I could hear coughing and panicked questions. I dared to look and see what had happened, then wished I hadn’t. I couldn’t believe my eyes. Standing in the doorway, her red coat framed by the damage she had just done, was the Winter Queen.
Looking at her now, I was sure that there was no part of Mrs. Cheshire left there. Her hair was blacker than midnight and her marks gleamed out into the darkness, framed by the palest skin.
She took a step forward, then another step. Trailing behind her were the women of her court. Lydia was one of them, and when she started to come into the back garden Leslie came out of the house and moved to join her.
When the Winter Queen saw me, her roving eyes stopped. I gasped as she raised her hand, pointing toward me. Everyone in the garden had scattered. Even Carley and Nick were no longer sitting on the bench, but hiding behind a large potted plant. The Cheshire girls behind the Winter Queen had fanned out, giving her wings on either side. Every one of them looked just as nasty as their queen. I could see the garden around me withering and dying from the cold.
I choked. I could feel myself turning icy, so cold I couldn’t move. I imagined that on the outside I looked like an oversized ice cube. I was entranced in her stare and encased in ice. I tried to take a breath, to fill my lungs with air, but they wouldn’t move. I struggled wildly, like I knew they did in the movies, but it felt like my brain wasn’t connected to my body, and my limbs did not move on command. 
Even as I tried to fight, the edges of my vision started to grow black and my mind started to feel heavy. Without air I wasn’t going to stay conscious much longer, and with the Winter Queen’s cold eyes on me I had very little chance of fighting off unconsciousness or even staying alive.
With my last ounce of clarity I glared back at her. Instead of feeling hate radiate off her the way I had become used to, I was surprised to feel a profound sadness. She was sad that she had to destroy a potential wife for her son, but it had to be done. This mess of a situation where I was supposed to be with him, but he didn’t really want me, and I wanted someone else entirely, had to end. And as far as she was concerned, the only way he could move on from it was if I were dead. 
The other option, that Holt got me and my power instead, was just too horrible for her to contemplate. And she would stop at nothing until she’d gotten what she wanted, what she knew had to happen.
Suddenly, all the awful stuff of the last few days seemed irrelevant compared to this. The Cheshire girls threatening me now made sense, as did Mrs. Cheshire’s fight with Mrs. Roth, and Mrs. Roth’s insistence that Holt take me home yesterday. Mrs. Roth had known this was coming. 
She had known that Mrs. Cheshire wanted me dead.
I vaguely registered that all of the other guests had faded into the background. Most had fled. I tried one last time to breathe, and when I couldn’t, when the blackness became too much, I simply fell sideways, knowing that I was too cold, like an icicle, and that I would shatter onto the bench like a million tiny crystals.
If only I’d gotten to kiss Holt first.
“Stop, stop right now,” a familiar voice cried, but I couldn’t see who it was. I couldn’t think anymore. I slid into darkness.
Then, just before I lost consciousness entirely, I felt something snap inside me. A black anger coupled with a red-hot rage ran through me. I gasped for breath. The anger and rage were being forced out of me. Whatever had its hold on me was being forced away and I took in one painful breath, then another, and another. Gratefully I took great gulps of air. I had never thought it could taste so good.
Finally, I was able to open my eyes, but once again I wished I hadn’t. The once-stunning garden of the Roths had now become a crumpled, dead battleground. 
The flowers were withered and black, as if a fire had raged and burned them all away. I felt like weeping. All that beauty and life had been destroyed. I looked for the source of whatever had saved me, and to my shock, there was Logan leaning over me. 
“Don’t get any hero worship ideas about me,” he said drily. “Holt attacked the Winter Queen and tried to make her stop hurting you. He just sent me to see if you were alright, since he’s a little busy.”
I tried to say something, but my throat was dry. Logan handed me a cup of water, and after I’d gulped it down I said, “Where are they?”
Logan’s frown deepened. “In the house.”
I staggered to my feet. Logan had to grab hold of my arm to keep me from falling. 
I pushed my way into the kitchen. The table and chairs showed signs of frost, as did all of the plants, if they weren’t already completely dead. I was about to head into the living room when a voice behind me said, “Well, well, still can’t listen, I suppose?”
Lydia lounged on the counter, her elbow resting on the smooth tile. She smiled at me. Now that I wasn’t being suffocated I could see that she had dressed for the party in something sparkling – black, of course. 
I knew very well that I was no match for Lydia. She was more powerful, so I just had to hope I was smarter. Without thinking I grabbed a heavy pot from the stove and heaved it at her. I wasn’t even close to hitting her (blame my dad for never making me play softball) but she was forced to duck anyway.
 I gave a triumphant whoop, then took the small opening I had while she was distracted by the clattering kitchenware and I rushed past her into the entryway. 
I expected to find them all there, the Winter Queen, Leslie, the other Cheshires, and the Roths, but the hall was empty. The pressure I had felt a moment ago was still in front of me.
Suddenly I knew where they must be: in the front garden. The Roths must have forced the Winter Queen out of the house and into the garden where her powers might be weaker. 
Without hesitating I pushed the front door open, ready for my last confrontation with the Winter Queen.

As soon as I stepped through the door and onto the patio, chaos enveloped me. I could see the Summer Queen locked in battle with the Winter Queen. Susan, Casey, and Holt were squared off with Leslie and two black-haired men I didn’t recognize, but who could only be Cheshires. There was no sign of Samuel.
“Stop,” I screamed, cupping my dirty hands around my mouth for emphasis. No one stopped. No one even acted like they had heard me.
I felt an almost physical stab to my chest as I realized that everything in the front garden was dead. Even the grass looked brown, brittle, and battered, as if we’d just gone a month without rain, which I can tell you wasn’t true.
An overwhelming grief filled me at the sight of all that death.
But I had no time to mourn.
The Summer Queen was sending a steady stream of gold-tinted power at the Winter Queen, who deflected it with her own silver shield. But just as I walked toward them, Mrs. Roth stumbled and the Winter Queen had her chance.
Without thinking, I flung myself forward. If I’d asked anyone, they would have told me I was insane for stepping into the middle of a Fairy magic battle when I had none of my own. Luckily, I was never very good at bowing to other people’s opinions, and on this occasion I dove in head first.
Dimly, I heard a familiar male voice screaming for me to stop. I ignored it.
Instead of jumping in front of the stream of magic headed toward Mrs. Roth, I slammed into the Winter Queen. Her magical shield had apparently been there only to stop magic, not to deflect some crazy teenager flinging her body through the air. She was knocked over by the impact, and I felt like my entire body had run smack into a mountain of ice.
I heard the Winter Queen give a cry of shock and felt her trying to disentangle her hands from beneath my body. “Shouldn’t you be frozen?” I thought I heard her hiss. I fought hard to keep her pinned, harder than I’d ever fought for anything before in my life. I knew that if she managed to get her hands free, I’d be dead.
With every ounce of strength I had, I squirmed to keep her under me and immobile. 
But she was too fast. 
With lightning speed her right hand shot up, hitting me square in the temple. She wasn’t trying to hit me, though, just touch me. As soon as her skin met mine, my world descended into darkness. 
The last thing I heard was someone calling my name . . .

I woke up on my back. I felt like someone was smothering me with a blanket, and I gasped for air. I shoved out, trying to remove whatever was keeping me from breathing, but my hands met only solid, cold walls. I tried to scream, but no sound came out. I turned my head from side to side, rubbing it into the dirt on either side of me, but nothing worked. Soon, without air or hope, I sank back into oblivion.
When I woke up the next time I felt better. I no longer felt stifled; instead, a warm breeze played over my face and body. I knew my clothes were no longer on me, which would have concerned me if I hadn’t also been aware that a thin sheet had been laid over me. I tried not to smile, but knew that I was anyway.
All around me was the sweet smell of flowers.
I rolled from side to side and lifted my arms up experimentally, meeting no resistance to my movements. I opened my eyes. 
I was in a white room. Everywhere I looked there were flowers. Sitting nervously next to my bed was a person, his head bent down so that all I saw was a mass of blond hair.
“Morning,” I said, though I had no idea what time it actually was.
His head shot up and he reached for one of my hands. I noticed in a sort of detached way that there was a thin bandage on it and wondered what other parts of me were damaged.
“Thank god. Are you alright?” he asked, his bright green eyes soft and kind.
“I’m fine,” I said. “Really.” Actually I felt very odd. Sort of light, like I couldn’t actually feel anything.
“Good,” he said, nodding. “I was worried.”
“Why do I feel funny?” I asked.
“Medicine,” he replied. “You got a blow to the head, and you hit the ground pretty hard when you tackled the Winter Queen.”
For some reason that sounded perfectly normal to me right now. Must be the medicine, I thought.
“You have a black eye,” I said. He did indeed, but otherwise he looked fine, which was a relief.
“Lydia punched me,” said Holt ruefully.
“You got hit by a girl?” I squeaked. “Awesome.”
“Hey,” said Holt, laughing. “Not awesome. She hits hard.”
Suddenly everything came flooding back to me and I realized that Lydia was part of the Winter Court and I didn’t want her hitting Holt.
“She’s a terrible person,” I said sagely.
“Yeah, well, you need your sleep,” he said. “Rest.”
“I don’t want to rest,” I said. “I want to know what happened.”
Holt shook his head. “Thanks to you and your tackle of the Winter Queen, everyone is fine. A few bruises here and there, and my mom is completely drained, but everyone will be okay.”
“Where’s the Winter Queen?” I asked. I was more than a little disappointed that no one had kicked Lydia or Leslie’s ass.
“Samuel made her leave,” said Holt quietly.
I gasped. “Where is Samuel?”
“Gone,” said Holt. “He left with his mother. Someone had to escort her away to make sure she actually went.”
I took a deep breath. So Samuel was gone. I guess it made sense. He hadn’t wanted any of this to happen in the first place, he had simply wanted Holt to leave me alone, and except for some weird twist of fate he probably would have. Even then I wondered if I’d ever see any face on Samuel besides a cold glare. 
But at that moment I didn’t care. Particularly because his mother, the Winter Queen, was also gone, and I was here with Holt, who had a black eye. 
I sighed. “Okay,” I said. I was getting very tired. “Good story.”
Holt laughed quietly. “I’ll leave you to your rest.”
But I wouldn’t let go of his hand. He tugged a couple of times on it, but I wasn’t giving up. Gently, instead of leaving, he lay down beside me. Carefully he wrapped one arm around me and I turned my head into him. He smelled great, his usual mint and mix of flowers. 
“Now I can sleep,” I said into his chest. “Now I’m happy.” I didn’t know how long it would last for, but at that moment I couldn’t have cared less.
Chapter Twenty

The next morning I woke up in my bed at Carley’s house, coming to awareness slowly out of a dream of flowers growing in the snow. For a few moments I wondered groggily if the whole thing I thought I remembered – the party, the fight, and for that matter the whole ridiculous idea that there were tribes of Fairies living in Maine – had been a dream. As I turned over to get out of bed my aching muscles and my bruised head said: No. Not a dream, just the new reality of your life.
That realization sent me back under the covers; I needed to stay there for a little longer to collect myself and get my bearings before I started my day. It seemed funny that even though I had been in Castleton for barely two weeks, being back at Carley’s house after everything that had happened felt like coming back home.  Or at least, a home away from home.
Fully awake now, remembering everything, I knew what the Solstice Party meant, to me at least. It meant that my life would never be the same. I’d come to Castleton two weeks ago a normal girl, but this summer had already changed me. Even if nothing ever happened with Holt, I wasn’t the same girl I had been when I stepped off the plane. I felt different, more alive. When I’d thrown my body into the Winter Queen, simply because there was no other option, I was a new Autumn. The old Autumn wouldn’t have done that. The old Autumn would have waited for someone else to fix it, for someone else to help, but I had known that I had to be the one to do it. When it had come time to confront Samuel’s mother, it had to be me. 
Samuel came to see me the next day. I was still busy relaxing. Carley and Nick had gone to the beach, but I had decided to stay home. I was still tired and shaky and I wondered how long it would last. He called to me from beneath my window, and as soon as I saw him standing there I felt the old familiar thump in my chest. I wondered how I could still feel that when I had felt so good in Holt’s arms, but ignoring the worry, I raced downstairs. 
Holt had told me that it was Samuel who had stopped the Winter Queen. After I’d thrown myself into her with such abandon, Samuel had joined the fight. His mother wouldn’t fight her own son, and in the end a truce had been called. No one knew how long it would last. Already, in the light of an ordinary day, the vivid memory of the fight was fading more and more from my mind. I wondered if by the end of the summer I would forget it completely. Seeing Samuel again made me doubt it.
Samuel was standing on the porch surrounded by dusk. He looked good, better than he’d ever looked before. It looked like something inside him had relaxed. Maybe he finally didn’t hate being in my presence.
I gave him a timid smile.
“How are you?” he asked, his voice filled with concern.
“I’m fine,” I told him. “I wasn’t hurt.”
He sat on the porch and I sat next to him. Not touching, but almost. I couldn’t even feel his usual cold. 
He paused, unsure how to start. “I wanted to come see you,” he finally said, “but I wanted to give you some time. I wasn’t sure what you’d think after my mother . . . did what she did.”
“You aren’t your mother,” I pointed out, wrapping my arms around my knees and looking at him sideways.
He laughed ruefully. “No, but I should have known better. I thought she’d just give you and the Roths a talking to. I never thought she’d act on her anger the way she did. I’m not saying she doesn’t have a right to be angry. Part of me thinks she has every right. Holt should have left you alone until you and I had a chance to figure something out. I knew he couldn’t do that, though. I knew from the first time I saw him looking at you . . .” He trailed off.
I repeated what I’d been saying the whole time. “If you don’t want me you shouldn’t care who I’m with.”
He nodded. “But I do,” he said. “I do care.” He wasn’t looking at me. Instead he was looking out at the ocean. “As stupid as it sounds, I expected bad behavior from Lydia and Leslie. Especially, I knew they’d threatened you. But I didn’t expect it from my mother. She’s the Queen and she’s supposed to set an example.”
I could tell Samuel felt bad, and I knew why. It was tough realizing that your parents weren’t perfect, no matter how old you were when you realized it. “She could have hurt you,” Samuel continued. “And I don’t know that I could have forgiven her for that.”
That sounded strangely like he cared about me.
“I’m fine,” I said again. “I truly am fine. The Roths took good care of me.”
Samuel nodded. “No one ever accused them of slacking,” he said, grinning. “They are good Fairies. That’s the problem.”
I could see his reluctance. Samuel didn’t want any of this. No one had asked for it. It was the first time I realized that I wasn’t the only one who was confused and hurting, and it felt good to see that I wasn’t alone. Samuel always seemed so strong and confident and to have no interest in me at all, but now I could see that I was wrong about that, at least a little. Samuel was interested, and some part of him, maybe a small one, did care.
“What now?” I asked. Now that my world had been turned upside down I wanted to do my best to deal with my new reality. And my new reality seemed to involve Fairy princes and queens. In the little town of Castleton. 
“Now,” said Samuel, “we take time to figure it out.”
“Your family is furious,” I warned him.
Samuel almost laughed. “Don’t worry,” he said. “My mother is the Winter Queen. It’s not like I can never speak to her again, but she has to know this is wrong. As her heir, I have to stand up for what I believe in, and what I believe is that you and I can work this out without her attacking you or the Roths. That goes for Lydia and Leslie as well. I’m sorry about them.” He sounded so serious and he looked so worried that I had to believe him. He’d been cold to me all summer, but somehow it made more sense now. Somehow it almost sounded like he had been trying to protect me.
After Samuel left I sat on the porch for a long time. I found myself wishing that I could have seen him in action. I knew it was silly, but I had it in my head that Samuel was a powerful Fairy, and it would have been interesting to see him challenge his mother. I figured that for members of their own Court it would have been terrifying, but there was something graceful and strong about Samuel that I liked. It was probably because according to Fairy lore, I was destined for him. 
But destiny or not, I couldn’t help thinking about Holt.

The summer night was warm and the sky was every beautiful pink and purple and blue you could imagine. I was enjoying the evening when a familiar silver car came into view with Holt at the wheel. I felt my heart skip. Just seeing him made me smile, even more so because I knew what had happened with the Winter Queen.
As usual, all the flowers around Carley’s house reached for him. I could feel their excited humming whisper past my skin as he came closer. They were happy to see him. He was like the sun shining, all warm goodness, feeding their life.
“How are you feeling?” he asked, coming toward me. Instead of sitting in the place where Samuel had been, he perched on a lower step. I wanted him next to me, but I kept my seat. There was something sad about him. He wasn’t the same bright Holt I’d gotten used to, but I stopped noticing that while we talked in our usual lively way.
“I’m good,” I told him honestly. I’d been feeling fine all day. I knew that tomorrow I’d feel back to normal, as if I’d never gotten into a fight with Fairies.
He reached his hand out to me. I took it, then scooted down a couple of steps until I was sitting next to him. He put his free arm around my shoulders, and I found myself smiling. I knew without a doubt that it would be easy to get used to this, to get lost in his touch. I already had several times, like at the Solstice Party when I’d danced with him all night. I’d forgotten that anyone else was even there, let alone watching. 
Now, remembering it, I felt a twinge of guilt. Of course that had been what had set Mrs. Cheshire off. She’d been angry that Holt and I hadn’t listened to her and left each other alone. It was just that I found being with Holt intoxicating. I was left a little uneasy at the thought of my reaction whenever I saw Samuel, but when I was with Holt I quickly forgot it.
“Holt,” I asked, looking up at the stars, “would the Roths have lost that battle if it hadn’t been stopped?”
He was quiet for a long time. Finally he said, “I don’t know. Not in the summer. In the summer we are more powerful than the Cheshires. We are in our element, with the warmth and the flowers. Plus, we were at home. The Winter Queen was foolish to attack us at our own home.”
I felt like there was a but coming, but it took him a long time to say anything else.
“But, if the circumstances had been different? If they’d been more even . . .” He stopped again and shifted his arm so that he held me more tightly against his side. “Yes, I think there’s a good chance we would have lost.” 
I inhaled sharply. “Was she trying to kill you?” I didn’t think I could take being responsible for anyone else’s death, particularly Holt’s. Even if I didn’t have any control over what was happening, no one should die because of me. “Because Holt, if you’re in danger, maybe we should . . .”
Holt shook his head. “I wasn’t one of the ones in danger,” he said bitterly.
“What do you mean?” I asked. “You were one of the ones fighting.” I remembered walking out the front door and seeing the chaos. Involuntarily, I shuddered. He squeezed my shoulders reassuringly.
“I just mean she wouldn’t have tried to kill me, since I’m the heir to the Summer Kingdom. She would have tried to kill you or Susan if she tried to kill anyone.”
I felt cold. It had been all well and good talking to Samuel about the attack as if it hadn’t been very serious, but now, listening to Holt, it finally came home to me that real damage could have been done, damage that might even have been fatal. 
“We were all lucky,” I said. “I’m glad it won’t happen again.”
Holt didn’t say anything at all. The next day I realized that had been a sign, that if I hadn’t been so happy in the circle of his arm I would have noticed how quiet and troubled he was.
But at the time, I didn’t. He stayed for a long time, just sitting with me on the porch. We chatted. I’d called home that day and talked to my mom for a long time. She’d been in good spirits, planning a visit to see me with Dad. Apparently the two of them were doing well, and hearing that had put me in a better mood. Even though I knew nothing would ever be normal again, I didn’t mind. Despite the stress of the past couple of weeks I was happier than I’d ever been. Besides, it seemed like I just might get my first boyfriend soon. In fact, I thought I might already have one.
“How are your mom and Susan?” I asked, realizing that we hadn’t talked about them.
“They’re fine,” he said, smiling a little. “Mom’s trying to figure out how to best spend the rest of the summer.”
“What are her options?” I asked.
“Well,” said Holt thoughtfully, “she wants to avoid any more trouble with the Cheshires, so she’s thinking of more ways to make peace. She has to work in the garden, and she calls both of my brothers little hellions and thinks they need to be closely looked after.”
I laughed. “Logan definitely could cause trouble.”
Holt snorted. “He already does.”
“Susan is going to spend this summer like she spends every summer: shopping.”
We talked until well on into the night. After Holt walked me to the door and drove away I went up to bed. I fell asleep smiling. 

Carley woke me the next morning. She was yelling up the stairs, telling me to come down. I threw off my covers and hurried downstairs. It was already warm out and it looked like it was going to be a brilliantly sunny day.
“Hey,” she said, grinning. “Feel better?” 
“Yeah,” I answered. I could smell bacon simmering on the stove. My stomach rumbled.
“My parents are coming home today,” Carley commented. She said it very carefully, glancing at me sidelong.
“Does that mean we have to spend this gorgeous day cleaning the house?” I asked, grinning.
Carley smiled at me and threw her arms around my neck. “I knew you’d understand.”
“What about Nick?” I asked. “Does he want to spend the whole day cleaning?”
Carley scoffed. “Nick will do whatever we want,” she informed me. “He knows you’re supposed to let the ladies choose.”
I helped Carley finish making breakfast. She already had most of it done, so all I really had to do was set the table. Right when we were sitting down to eat, Nick showed up. As soon as he walked into the kitchen he grabbed a plate and started piling it with food. 
“It’s a good thing I made extra,” Carley muttered. “Didn’t you eat breakfast before you came over here?” she demanded.
Nick grinned at her as he sat down. “Of course, but I’m a growing boy. I can eat twice.”
Carley was so surprised, she laughed. I laughed too. I looked from one of my friends to the other. I was really looking forward to the rest of the summer.

The End

~

A note to readers
If you have a few minutes, please review One Black Rose on Goodreads.
Reviews are much appreciated!

Want to stay updated? 
Join my mailing list at http://maddyedwards.blogspot.com/
Like me on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/pages/Maddy-Edwards/329001650447436
Visit my Goodreads page at http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/5288585.Maddy_Edwards

~

By Maddy Edwards

One Black Rose Series
One Black Rose
August
Autumn

Paranormal Public Series
Paranormal Public
Elemental Rising
Elemental Shining
Elemental Dawn
Elemental Fire
Elemental Air
Elemental Earth
Elemental Darkness
Elemental Light

Paranormal Public Omnibus: Books 1-3
Paranormal Public Omnibus: Books 4-6
Paranormal Public Omnibus: Books 7-9

The Devious Chronicles Series
Iron Chaser
Devious Rising

Spiral Series
Spiral
Spiral of Silver
